4 more days till my b day !!! Cant believe another year is gone , I wish one year lasted as long as it did when I was 10 or 11 lol they used to be soooooo long I swear but now they just fly bye !!! I want my baby !!! He doesnt go back to school until tuesday im a prolly go get him now so he can eat mommys black eyed peas cabbage and cornbread yeah im going to get my lil < PROPFEMALE > RIGHT NOW !!!!! 

< PROPFIRST > tmas is sooooo expensive , but I think I'm more exited about lil < PROPFIRST > opening his presents then he is !!!! \ 
Can't wait ,,,!!! 
im thinkin of lettin my baby open all his presents in tha mornin i just cant wait for christmas day !!! 
One more day of runnin around collecting all lil < PROPFIRST > presents yaaaay ! Almost over , it was good though ! 
Already time to pay all these bills I swear like it was only last week i payed em hmmmmm ......... welp least I got enough to pay em it could always be worse !! 
Vodka I dont think it was not intended to be drank seriously its last < PROPMALE > is over !!!!!!! 
5 more days till im 24 im getting old !!! 
5 more days till my b day im getting old n it sux !! 
boy am i ready for school to start !!! lol im sooo bored !! 
I cant wait for school to start !! Lol im sooo bored !! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One face < PROPMALE > has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says if you deny me in front of your peers . I will deny you in front of My Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and are knot afraid to show it . Re-post this . 
Thanks BD now we kool again !!! 
MIDNIGHT its going down !!! I feal like im turning 20 in not 24 lol its kool though tha older tha wiser !!! 
Its official !!!! 
I love hangin with my Boy !!!!! 
ThInKiN oF maBe swiTChin uP everYthIng !! DonT no WheN IN HOW buT Im makIn My PrepErationS nOw !!! 
< PROPFIRST > schools sux !!! They need to evalute their schools really bad I mean zaragoza elementry in east < PROPFIRST > makes the meadows elementry in desoto look like a million dollar private school lol I cant wait to move back to the suburbs !!! 
Whatchin tv about to go buy another black ops so I can play my friend without split screen !!! Love havin too ps3\s LOL !! " 
Man I am not stupid !!! And thEre Is NotHiNg SloW about me your not gettin away wiTH anythIng I pRomISe !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FeAlin LiKe Im A HavE a GoOd NiTe toNNite !!!! I SuRe HoPe So Cuz LoRd KnOwS Im In nEeD Some SpICe In mY LittLe OL LifE of Mine !! PluS 4 daY weekEND So No ScHoOl Till WeNsDay YaaaAAAAyyyyyY !!!!!! 
Dont get me wrong I hate my son being sick but I cant help loving making homemade chicken noodle soup and lettin him sleep in my big comfy bed watchin movies all day and babying my lil < PROPMALE > ! He will definitly have good memorys of his mommy catering to his every need when he was sick ! I love my boy !! 
drop it drop it drop it crush dip it low crush to the flow crush .... grab the pole crush ....... 
Welp my fun week wid my lil man gone no more sick so its back to school we go !! dont no wether to be happy or sad I was gettin used to staying asleep until I woke up now Im right back to 6:30 buuurmp buuuuurmp buuurmp !! I hate that damn sound !! 
Bolt cutters are were a great invention ! 
Why do they even make u take ur kids too school when they are going to make u come right back 3 hours later in pick them up ??? I hate early release days ugh ... Welp least it's Friday in not Monday !!!!!! 
dont let em say u aint beautiful .... they can all get f$c$d just stay tru to you .... 
I love the snow !!!!!! 
Snowed in ! Hot coa coa making snowmen and watching Netflix movies all day !!! Finally an excuse to be lazy !!!!!!! 
So I started playin all the call of duties over again and I just finished call of duty world at war on to modern warfare two ! Yaaaay lol ! 
Chili is almost done ... I am literally starvin !!! Been cookin for 45 minutes in I no by the time it's time to eat My appetite will be gone !! 
Just ordered the fight first weigh in right now I'm routing for < PROPMALE > Torres !! 
< PROPFEMALE > got it ! 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
Green bay got this yaaaay can't wait to collect from those of u that bet me 200$ !!! Almost time to collect my winnings !!! Hahaha losers !!! 
Green in yellow green in yellow green in yellow !!!! 
Whoever wants some barbecue chicken , brisket , ribs , mashed potatoes , greens , < PROPMALE > n cheese and some sweet azz cornbread come on over about 40 more minutes in the grillin will be finished ! Holla at me ! 
I feal like doin something productive this Monday morning ! 
mabe i deserve ...... mabe i deserve ..... 
i will love u when ur hair turns grey n ill still want u if u gain a lil weight n the way i feal for u will always be the same just as long as ur love dont change ... 
I'm sooo sleepy !! 
Just ate dinner it's bedtime !! No more skipping for lil < PROPFIRST > hahaha -love inside jokes- 
Get get get get get get money 
havin family time watchin bicentennial man and eatin barbecue with my boy , after movie < PROPFIRST > will have a bath y\ 
then i shall teach him how to whistle ! lol then its BEDTIME ! YaaaaaaaY !!! 
I'm so sleepy it looks like I'm a go ahead and lay down I was trying to wait for my apple pie to cool off but I can't take I'm outa here 
Rip < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > killed last night mokingbird station we love u in Mia is here with me now I will do everything in my power too her we love u in I just feal like it's the end ! You made sure they got the two responsible if they weren't locked up already they would be not in the same place as u but in hell We love u < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > r.i.p !!!!! 
U said u would be right back damn man why did u go ??!!! 
Aaaaaaaaa fuck I hate it I hate it I hate it why did he die I don't get it aaaaaaaaa fuck man 
Is currently disgusted with peoples ignorance and total lake of respect and sympathy !! Had a really long and hard day about to eat \ 
Some pie and lay it down for the night I have slot to think about 
another day 
i wouldnt let ur punk a$$ stand next to my shadow ! 
these days seems like the definition of real done changed .... these days dont nobody show love instead of lending a helping hand they wanna see blood .... 
everything that aint up is down .... 
watching machette just got done watching pirana i love stupid funny action movies 
cookin dinner in just heard some really good news 
Watching my sisters keeper and eating my special tuna fish that only I can make 
Wendsday February the 2nd we will be holding a candle light visual for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the burger street on mockingbird and 75 starting at 9 pm !!! Come show your respect and celebrate these two great mens lives !!!! See you there thanks 
is cookin homemade lasagna and garlic bread already ordered the fight will have a full house in two hours ... i love my saturday fight nights !!! 
dont forget candle light vigual wendsday night starting at 9 pm burger street on mockingbird and 75 for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
makin love faces .... makin love faces .... my hands rubbin on your skin lets go hard dont hold it in ..... love faces ... 
makin this money just to go spend it livin the good life hope nobody ends it but who are u kiddin who are u lyen to no if they want u best believe they will find you ..... got me talkin to myself while im blazin this purple ... lost on the road ... 
Selling tha jag !!!!! Just uploaded some pics I'm asking 3000$ obo it is a 1998 jaguar vander plaus , in really good condition . The gas gadge only works half the time but other than that it's a great car and something really classy and different ! Contact me asap if you are interested ! Just no that this is a really big and LONG version of the jaguar vender plaus is like a hooked up version 
Hates < PROPFEMALE > u drink so much the night before u wake up totally dehydrated and can't get this liquor taste out of your mouth ! 
Tonight at 9 o clock burger street mockingbird and 75 come to candle vigual for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!! 
On our way to burger street now meet us there in loving memory of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!! Mockingbird and 75 call me for directions !!!! 214-475-3547 starts at 9 30 pm so start heading this way NOW !!!!! 
droppin my boy off at school .... jammin pimp c .... ready for a nap ... see ya at 3 pm on tha < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
white man cant jump but that white girl can cuz its about a dolla dolla dolla dolla ......... 
beutiful day mmm quess im a go wash the lac 
me in lil < PROPFIRST > just got done cleanin the caddi inside out ... this wore both of us out to bad i still have to cook dinner get baths in and help with homework .... responsibility ... gotta love it !!! $$$$$ 
i like to count my money backward its faster .... 
friends how many of us have them .... stole ur keys let alone ur cheese ... friends how many of us have them ... friends ... ones we can depend on .. lets be friends .... jammin some old skool ! 
is at a birthday party , freezing n cant wait for the food to come off the grill ! 
lol my son says he wants a blueberry phone for his 7th birthday lol i tried to explain to him that its called a BLACKBERRY and he just doesnt listen he is callin me an unbeliever lol 
is goin out in doing it big tonite !!! first time ive ever not regreted my decision one love ALWAYS !!! 
is on an island right now ! 
is sooo sick !!! 
BLUEBERRY !!!!!!! 
I am lovin today hopefully tomorrow will be just as good 
decisions decisions how do i no what is the right decision ? 
everybody goons until they catch a case detectives get to talkin that killer shit fade away dont believe me watch the first 48 
fishin on the boat ... havent fished in years its awesome !! 
still trying to catch my fish !!!! hes out there swimming somewere 
time is money so i went in bought a rolex 
u gotta be out ur concience they aint got no sense in thats wat we callin nonsense how they gonna talk about wat u aint accomplished like they done sumthin thats worthy of my responses 
