I got a sun burn yesterday . Ouch . I was outside with friends all day though and it was totally worth it :) 

I ended up taking the SAT Subject tests in math and chemistry . I got an 800 on math 1 test and a 680 in chemistry . 
I was working on my calculus summer homework and had the song \White and Nerdy\ " by Weird < PROPMALE > Yankovic stuck in my head . " 
9 days out of school , but It feels like it has been over two weeks already . Boredom is beginning to set in ( I saw that coming ) . There is too much to do during school and not enough to do during the summer :| 
Today I got back from spending the last week at Lake < PROPFIRST > RV Park NY . Without videogames , drums , or the computer , I actually went outside and did things like swimming and biking . The best part of my vacation was when I went to the Adirondack Pub and Brewery . I got root beer on tap and it was the best root beer I have ever tasted :D It was loaded with flavor and made normal root beer seem severely watered down . 
I went camping again . This time at Kampersville VT by Lake Dunmore , and from there I went to Brailee CT . I made some new friends , but then I had to leave them behind ( I almost cried because they were such good friends ) . I got a vacationers \I was in the sun all day having fun\ " tan and I sang karaoke to the song \ " Born to be Wild\ " . Then my sister and I sang \ " Don't Stop Believin'\ " together . I hade a great time . " 
I went to Old Orchard Beach in Maine last week . It was just amazing realizing that I was gazing upon the Atlantic Ocean . I had one of those moments of awe while I was watching the morning sun reflect off the incoming waves . Just standing there , my feet 4 inches underground , with salt water splashing agains my legs . It was one of those wonders of the world where you have to stop and say \Wow ... \"" 
I recently got my drivers licence , but I need to pay for insurance . Does anyone know if there is a place around here that is hiring ? 
Epic Battle Fantasy 3 is one of the best online rpg games out there . I have been playing it for the last few days and love it . Try searching for it in the facebook search bar and try it . Just do NOT try it if you have dile up internet . I spend a minute or so watching it load with high speed . 
Finished the SAT . I feel good about it . I feel even better knowing that it is over . Not my idea of a fun day . 
I am coming to the end of his chapter . After this I will be on the final chapter and the climax of this book . When I am done with this book , It will go onto the shelf of memory and I will get the next book in the series . The next book is blank , but , with me as the author and the sands of time as my pen , I will write that book and continue the story of my life . 
It's the big debate day for the debate team Saturday . There are 4 debates planned . I hope I can win at least one debate , but , either way , I know I will have fun :) 
I wrote an awesome love story for Valentines day , but it did not fit as my status update :( It's in my notes . Please take a look . 
