is bout to take < PROPFEMALE > quick trip to Jerz with my son's and shit ... I got spend that QT with the young ones ... You Know !!! 

is workin counting down the last hour and a half ... work is hella boring !!!!!! 
is on his last leg ... tryin to hop his ass back into union !!! 
is not feeling class right now ... to go or not to go ?!?!?! 
... chillen with Dellisha and my niggas 
was feelin homecoming week ... the shit felt like gold bowl ... he's just mad he had to miss the game ... smh !!! 
( How bout those booty as jaguars ... haha haha lol) ! 
is ready to get the fuck outta here ... this job is blowin me right now ... smfh 
is sttin in this cold as house glad their was no class this morning .......... 
is tryin to figure out where his cuz wants to go tonight for his born day ?!?!? 
can't beleave the orangeman went out like ... wtf ... smdh !!!!!!!!!! 
can't beleave the orangeman went out like that ... wtf ... smdh ... to fuckin butler too !!!!!!!!!! 
is fuckin with is Cuz tonight ... party at state !!!!!!! 
is definitely bout to take a nap ... he is dumb tired ! 
is gettin bodied at starlite with his boy Raymond ... Go Lakers ! 
is chillin with his boys < PROPFIRST > and G ... bout to watch my nigga < PROPMALE > graduate ( Denzel voice from training Day) ! 
LETS GO LAKERS !!!!! 
No disrespect to none of ya'll but WE RUN THIS SHIT ( LA LAKERS) !!!!! 
is chillin at the beach ... relaxin ! 
Is bored as hell WTF ain't shit to do ?!?!? 
just spank < PROPFIRST > \Pook\ " < PROPMALE > in 2k10 ... get your skills up Pook ... bum ass !!!!! lol " 
Is on his way to the beach hopefully it doesn't rain ... smdh 
Is starvin , who wants to cook me breakfast ?!? ;-) 
Is wondering what's next and who is the right one ?!?!?! 
can't sleep ... got a lot on his mine . 
is feelin much better ... today's a beautiful , it's time to enjoy it ! :-) 
is layin down , bout to take a nap . What's good ! for tonight ... riding that Jersey Wave ... I'm home baby ! 
is at Richmond Beer Gardens ... makin it rain ... gotta love it and yes its in Plainfield , New Jersey BITCHES !!!!! 
is ready to leave work , go home and eat a good old home cooked meal .... 
is torn between left and right ... which way do I go ... smfh !?!? 
is finally gettin his car inspected ... better late than never ... sms :-/ 
is on his school boy wave this morning . 
can't believe < PROPFIRST > Hol-idaythru a no-hitter in his post-season debut , unreal ... smh 
is on his early morning work flow ... gotta get this money !!! 
can't believe the Cowboys lost again ... smfh 
is on his work flow ... 2 more hrs and I'm done ... YES !!!!! 
is lol at how people don't grow & mature but stay childish & petty especially if they can't have what they want , when they want it . Up ... Oh Well ... shit happens ! ;-) 
is gettin a kick out of the bitch called life . Last weekend was funny ... this one is gonna be hilarious . I swear life is like a movie ! 
is up and ready for this early morning work flow . 
is chillin at work , 4 more hrs to go . 
#71 Wish we could've finished what we started . Smh ... coulda been somethin special . ;-) 
#908 Yo you my homie 4-life , remember all the wild sundays after church ha classic (<PROPFIRST>'s voice from the hangover ) . 
#7172 Wish you didn't leave and would have grinded it out in school , love you like a spoiled lil sis lol jokin . 
#411 I was kind of a < PROPMALE > about how I stopped talkin to you . I apologize , you cool as shit and deserved better . :-( 
#1 Awww ... my lil sister from another mother . Been cool since freshman year , you got my back and I got yours . Fam for 4-life . P.S. thanks for the hook up with Wifey . ;-) lol 
#3 Our lil fling was fun and you still my peoples . P.S. wipe your own nose bitch ... lmfao jk jp 
#21 Flashback to the last gold bowl ever , why pook eat that chicken lil he was starvin < PROPMALE > . Fast forward too last years homecoming the party was poppin but it was a fuckin hot box in their ... smh lol 
* 33 Yo you my peoples and high school was a trip . Never knew you felt some type of way . We should definitely link up one day . 
#2004 Haha one of my 1st gf's remember I was scared to kiss you in middle school ... smh puppy love lol 
#2608 Damn , my college sweetheart . Love you 4-life except for when your punk ass thought you could be me in uno ( look my eyes , look my eyeys , roll them < PROPFIRST > hear voice ) CTFU 
#1886 Met in the mall one day , who knew we hit off and be into each other like that . Went to school , shit didn't work like it should have ( totally my fault ) but now we best of friends . 
#103 Union was poppin had mad fun with you ... sorry it had to end soon . 
#725 Enjoyed the one on time we spent . Wish things coulda turned out a lil differently . 
#340 Cold as shit ... if I had my < PROPMALE > you already know its goin down lol but you know deal . ;-) Stay in touch thou . 
#8 We go back like pimps and cadillacs . 
#505 Yea ... I think you had the crush on me sike nah it was mutual . I remember you use try to hide your feet when you wore open toe sandals ... ctfu 
#24 My homie from the west coast with a 100 pair of kicks . Me , You , and G always had defend the Lake Show from all the Kobe haters but look who won the last two titles , enough said , Know Dat ! 
#29 Knew you since sophmore year when jersey you stay in troubla . We became cool , you even called me brother at times . We had a lot of fun your last year . 
#122 Its funny how we met ... you straight iced me down and I'm like please tell me she not lookin over lol Boy did you get me into some shit but we had fun , enojyed chillin with you , talkin to you . 
is starving ... smh 
Almost game time folks ... let's go Lakers !!!!! 
Chillin with his cuzo ... why is va sooo lame right now ? 
Is tired right now ... smh ... oh well work flow , time to get this fiat money . 
appreciates all the Born Day , THANK YOU EVERYBODY ! B-) 
is hella bored smh , waiting on the wife to come thru . She need to hurry the FUCK UP ! :O 
is think what can he get into on this cold Wednesday !?! 
Is wondering why its so fucking cold ... smh 
is chillin at D's crib , just got his ass handed to him in spades . Smh :-P 
is laughing at all you lame ass steelers fans . :-D Shouts out to my homie G , congrats my brother . :-) 
is chillin the < PROPFIRST > at work think bout all the shit he's gotta do . :-P 
is at the Boathouse stuffed ... great food . 
is comin from tobacco , happy hr was poppin ... now he is on his way to Off The Hooka ! 
woke way to early smh 
GM fb ... sooo tired 
