lacrosse in seattle . 

Running . Kayaking in Sunriver ... always a treat . 
thinking about b'day tacos . Yum . 
is very thankful for all the b'day wishes and the early a.m. < PROPFEMALE > Wars party @ Nike . How lucky can a girl be ? Very ! May the Force be with you all . 
applauds all camps that keep teens busy and healthy for a week away during the summer . 
Carried on tradition of visiting < PROPMALE > Potter on his first day on screens ... POPCORN ( loads of it ) makes it even better . 
is landscaping and keeping the neighborhood teens employed . They're all very smart , but they've yet to figure out that if they wake up earlier to work , it's cooler before noon . 
Keeping Cool in Record Heat . Dorm Room AC : Fan + Bucket of Ice . 
Planning a MO trip : Arch , The Hill , Six Flags , Golf , Ice Cream ( loads of it ) and Mosquito Repellant . 
RELAXING .... after an invigorating day of 750 kids at Nike WHQ . 
Tan . SweetCorn . HugeTomato . GoodBooks . Long B'fasts . 
MADtime . 
MOVE Week ... back into remodeled home . Thank God . 
My daughter < PROPFIRST > is the best !! <3 her 
Move complete . Who Needs Boxes ? 
The ' White Shirt ' again . Really ? Why is Banana Republic marketing millions to just that 5% who like to iron and remove coffee & salsa stains ? Wake me up when it's over . 
School starts today in Oregon ........... a communal celebration from parents ... all hoping for no bullies , inspiring/patient teachers , tons of homework , sports and activities to keep the kids busy , challenged and exhausted . 
I remain the luckiest woman on the planet ... except when it comes to scoring 2 completely outta stock TI Graphing Calculators for the in-house HS teens .... certainly not my genes ..... pencils/keyboards remain my weapons of choice . 
Liquids in Oregon are special this time of year : harvest in wine country and new espresso machines everywhere just in time for fall .... and rain that will turn into snow in the mountains . 
Heading to Bend , OR to speak at a Creative Conference & introduce Central Oregon ad community to Insights ........ fun to be had by all . 
Hallelujah . The remodeled home survived the BHS XC pre-pumpkin patch dinner and sleepover . 
Designing the garden for next spring .... any compost design ideas out there ? 
Planning a fall trip that's warm for loads of outside adventure time . Thinking high mountain desert . Any ideas ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Crap Batman . < PROPFEMALE > is already live at the mall . I saw him today . Outrage . Everyone knows he's fake . The real one doesn't hit North < PROPFEMALE > until the < PROPFEMALE>'s Thanksgiving Parade . Is retail THAT BAD that we must destroy what's left of any Holiday integrity . What's next ... Easter Eggs as stocking stuffers ? I still haven't put away our Halloween costumes .... and I could go on ... but I won't . 
I regret ihnoring hy thuhb for so lohg . Messed it up XC skiing .... cah't type certaij letters . ouch . 
Cool . My favorite Xmas Movie character of all time Ralphie all grown up . See Four Christmases to see those stunning blue eyes in action . 
Happy Snuggy Holidays Everyone . Grandpa finally home from hospital . Thanks for all the well wishes . 
None 
i love my daughter < PROPFIRST > 
Enough of the AT&T ads already . So dull . Sorry < PROPMALE > . Verzion wins . A bigger media budget doesn't even help . 
skiing in the rain ... only in oregon ... it can only mean high school ski team racing . 
Lots of snow here in SW Missouri . Should wear hat while shoveling , but I always have this need to throw it in the air ........... must be that Doppelganger thing . 
Only 2 weeks until no sleep due to the Olympics . 
Return trip to Bend needed soon to have more Joolz chili . 
Let the sleep depravation begin . Go World . 
is at 9545 . Everything is better at altitude . 
NO . MORE . SEQUINS . ALREADY . More fast & flying people on snow for God's sake . 
Heading to the MU v . KU Watch Party . Go Tigers . 
I heard today that reading one week of the NYTimes provides you with more information than someone in the 18th Century encountered in a lifetime . What do you think ? 
Sunshine + Snow at Meadows . We're going . 
Spring Break already ... but I have a final paper due on Thursday . No Fair . 
Planting loads of veggies and berries ....... get ready for big feasts this summer . 
Going to college with my daughter , especially if she goes somewhere really cool like UW/Seattle or CU/Boulder . Starting the visits now . Fascinating . Frightenly expensive . 
Embrace the rain & get shit done inside ... before the sun comes back out or you head to the mountain . 
A ' rainy sun ' has appeared on my iphone for Portland's weather tomorrow . Maybe a unique icon developed only for the NW ? No clouds ... just rain pouring from a sun . 
< PROPFIRST > is the best daughter ever , I don't know what I would do without her , I'm truely blessed :) 
Urban Farming in progress .... seedings popping out of every sq . foot of available space in our SW corner office . Trying to restrain myself from planting in the outdoor beds too early . 
Husband adventuring again , this time in Alaska . Kids lacrossing all day ... I'm puppy-training with my new BFF < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Life is good . 
Still at bridgeprt mizzou ..... 
NCAA Lacrosse Playoffs ! 
RIP 24 ... 
Air Gia .... si , I have become one of those dog people . 
Rembering and grateful .... 
In Kansas & Missouri to enjoy family & friends ... & lightening bugs . 
USA . Buzzzzz . USA buzzzzzz USA buzzzzzz 
Groan . 
It's summer in Missouri ... 90 Degree & Humid Summer . We'll try to bring some back to PDX . 
Dinner on The Hill !! Yum . 
Yes . We live ! 
World Cup Futbol , WImbleton , Tour De < PROPFEMALE > , Pinot Noir , fruitful veggie + < PROPFIRST > garden , sunflower/rose garden blooming ... shaping up to be a lovely summer . 
LOVE all the b'day love . Thank you for being such a joyous part of my live . I feel so very lucky . Each year just gets better & better . What a great trip . 
SPAIN ! Lived there for 6 months ... supporting the ol ' home team . In fact , first saw futbol there . SPAIN ! 
La Rioja . Sweeeeeeeeet !! 
Central Oregon .. < PROPFEMALE > gazing , kayaking , hiking , biking , mosquito battles .. And trying to pick a new non-snow sport : golf or fly fishing ? 
Visionquesting for best onion rings , burgers , b'fasts and donuts in the Pacific NW . Winners will be announced in 2 weeks . Any mus t-t rys ? 
Looks like I was hacked .... not endorsing any stupid baby video . Sorry for any annoyance . 
MIZZOU fans .... Heading to Columbia with < PROPFEMALE > 1 for the 9.18 Game ..... anyone else going or interested ? 
my hardworking daughter < PROPFIRST > Cartier is the best , love her ! 
The garden is in and won the valiantly fought battle of world domination sought by the fence-eating Wisteria . 
MIZZOU Tigers . Yes . 
En route home from MO via < PROPMALE > to my handsome climber who I married 20 years ago . 2 kids , 1 puppy later ... life is sweet . 
Am I the only one who still wants to grab a bucket of popcorn every time I hear a statement on the radio from the Govanator of California ? I realize that I should be over this ... but it still cracks me up . 
HARVEST . My poor family is about to get really , really sick of pesto & tomato sauce .... and beets & chard & celery & hot peppers & brussels sprouts . And , I've found they all taste better with roasted peppers from the Beaverton Farmers Market . 
M . I . Z . 
Yes ...... I'm Liberal but also a Capitalist ....... Kitz makes sense on both fronts . 
My favorite pumpkin from this Halloween ... who is it ? 
Good afternoon in the garden : planting garlic , harvesting remaining peppers/celery/onions ... all while a bagpipe was playing in the neighborhood . Cool .... and a little more inspiring that the neighbor kid's garage band . 
MIZZOU-KU Border War 11.28.10 ..... and taking the kids . Goal will be real KC BBQ ... KC Friends : which one is best ? 
Proud the high school soccer team I coach , Team < PROPFIRST > , is in the semifinals ... It's not my coaching , these kids are quite skilled . 
YESSSSS ... Team < PROPFIRST > Wins . Congrats to our players . League Champs 2010 . 
In MO , gearing up for turkey + Jayhawks + < PROPMALE > doses of KC BBQ & fried stuff @ Shrouds ( due to my son . ) 
@ Arrowhead for 1st time in 35 yrs . Go Tigers ! 
Already feeling good about closing out this year and heading into a brand new one . Lots of changes past .... and lots to look forward to next year . Happy Holidays ... let the fun begin . 
Pinot Noir 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . So many blessings . Grateful . 
Day with my favorite Bachelor , night beginning at Joolz . Lucky me ! 
WE LOVE OUR DUCKS !! 
