Finally got my username ... facebook.com/Kyttyn LoL ... A couple of people should recognize the name . 

I found out this weekend that I can fit 5 pretzel sticks up my nose . 
Steph's gonna go with me and the baby to the zoo this weekend and teach us the signs for the animals there . I'm learning so much ! I hope to be able to communicate more effectively , and am praticing into a mirror whenever i get a < PROPMALE > . 
Had a pretty decent weekend , but man my homework is sneaking up on me . It feels like there is more time to get all this stuff done . 
Ok , I've done my psych homework for the week , just gotta figure out how the heck im gonna study for the midterm and get this paper done . I just started it last night . Ugh . I hate it when I think I have plenty of time to get stuff done and it turns around 
Just finished my Psych midterm ! I will let everyone know how I did when I get my grades back !!! 
I got an 80% on my Psych midterm !!! Class average was a 74% so thats above average ! 
Is it just that no one knows me ? Or were the questions that hard ? The highest score is a 58% 
Hey < PROPFIRST > !!! Welcome ! 
Ugh , just got back from < PROPMALE>'s . Camped last night and flat tire this morning . Its been a fun couple of days . 
Today has been exhausting , but I am still so wound up its not even funny . I haven't even proofread my psych paper yet , but I've done this for other people , I need to learn to take care of myself when its really important and then fix things for others . 
I missed the whole ritual because i freaked out because of the group ... 
I feel a lot better than I did yesterday . Much more relaxed and calm . 
It's raining here , I love the rain ! I feel like going out and dancing in it , but I think the neighbors would think I was silly , and I'm wearing a white shirt . lol . 
LoL ! I just got dragged into a bunch of fights and instances in WoW ... for once i wasn't the lowbie !!! I was guarding the lowbie ! Yay for being a midbie ! 
I'm tired and just wanna curl up with two loving arms around me , I know that it will not happen , but I can hope for it . 
Learning to Tank in WoW !!! What an experience ! 
< PROPMALE > came to visit me during gaming tonight ... kinda sweet , but something im not used to . Kinda freaked me out , no one comes specifically to see me , ever , why would he do this ? Someone please explain this to me , it seems odd , and kinda creepy , but maybe i 
Over at < PROPMALE>'s helping him with a project . 
Oops , was posted as an error twice ! 
< PROPMALE>'s giving his sermon today , I am so nervous for him , I hope he does well . 
The power keeps jumping on and off ... Impossible to play WoW !!! It sucks . 
Study , play WoW , baby comes back this afternoon . Busy day . 
Baby's back !!! Yay !!! I missed her so much . 
Going camping this weekend !!! I'm gonna get hurt I just know it lol ... but it will be worth it when my daughter is frolicking in nature . 
Yay !!! Single again !!! One less man to walk on eggshells ... One less man how can't understand that I have feelings !!! 
I feel so great this morning , like a huge burden has been lifted off my shoulders ! 
I slept like a baby last night , went to bed early , and woke up early ... for once . 
i mean come on people , we were only dating for about a month , does there have to be this many hard feelings ... 
Anyway , I don't know why dating someone for a month and breaking up should cause this kind of childish and retributive attitude . Now I'm being flamed in multiple locations on the internet . There is a long angry post on a blog about me , and it's cruel and 
I had to take him off my messanger list , every time I logged on there were mean-spirited messages waiting for me . I don't understand it has been a month , even a bad breakup , which this did not have to be until he decided that we had not broken up , should 
He's really on the offensive now , attacking me with rude comments put onto my blog . I don't know what to do about this , all he does is attack , attack , attack , doesn't he have anything better to do . 
Now < PROPMALE > , of all the things is acting really friendly to me . I don't know what his game is , but I can't stand this kind of behavior . Its like he changes like the weather . 
LoL !!! Welcome the second five week courses of the Summer Semester . Its gonna be a grind to get into this , but I will do it . Do not doubt me ! I will succeed . This will not defeat me ! I might be to exhausted to talk to anyone any time soon , but I will do m 
Somebody help me !!! < PROPMALE>'s trying to be my friend now , I don't want him as my friend , please someone tell me how to get him to leave me alone !!! 
Gaming tonight !!! I can't wait !! 
Hehe !!! Gaming went great last night ! Finally had it out with the pain in the butt player in our group !!! I think I might have gotten my point across . 
Homework Time !!! 
Back to the daily grind , getting everything done that needs to be done 
LoL !!! I got Steph playing WoW !!! She's absolutely addicted to it . 
Almost got my Palidan to 80 Yay , I hope I can get the last 12 bars tommorow . We'll see however , I got some stuff I gotta do tommorow . 
YAY !!!!! 80th lvl , finally !!! 
Gaming tonight !!! Yay !!! It's so nice to get out of the house once in a while . 
Yay !!!! Another 20/20 on my comp lit exam . I'm really proud of myself . 
This quote describes me to a T ! “I don’t make mistakes .. I just date them . ” or how about this one . \Breaking up is not a stupid thing ; instead it makes you a better person and realize your mistakes . \ " This is me too ... \ " The heart are made to be broke " 
What's up with psycho men ? Stalker scenario going on down here in the land of entrapment . Oh well , it gets much worse , I'm going to the police . 
Um , yeah , now I'm totally at fault for destroying a man's life . I have never been so flattered in my life . All you folks are missing all the fun down here in Southern New Mexico . I have a feeling the fun is just about to truly start . Oh well , guess you gu 
A cool quote I ran across . And It's the truth , no offense guys . \A heart is not a play thing a heart is not a toy but if you want it broken just give it to a boy . \"- Unknown " 
No More Dating for Mahala ! That's it ! I quit !!! 
Gaming tonight !!! Yay !!! 
Great Weekend !!! I had fun , and was able to unwind . 
Two more weeks of Summer Semester !!! That's it ! Then On to crowded classload in the fall 
Gotta pick this up .... Gonna be working hard in the fall semester !!! It's gonna be a doozy of a classload , but I think I'm gonna do ok !!! 
I finally got my muse back !!! Thanks to Steph to helping me so much !! I'm writing an epic tale of love and loss ! 
I'm in a great mood today !!! I can't wait to see what's going on today , I hope it's as good as yesterday !!! 
Took Cherokee to another little girls birthday party today , it was interesting , kept having to explain that it wasn't her birthday and she needed to leave the presents alone . 
Ugh , finals week . Busy , busy , busy . 
Dude !!! I just found out my brother , grandma and one of my cousins is on Facebook !!! Awesome !!! 
LoL !!! Almost done with Summer Semester , at 8pm on thurs I will officially be done !!! Then time to celebrate !!! I can't wait !!! Summer is killing me ! 16 weeks worth of classes in 5 weeks . I will never make the mistake of taking a full load in summer again 
And the Crunch is On !!! Finals tommorow and Thurs . Cram time !!! Hurry Hurry Hurry , get my grades to where they need to be !!! 
Mom is driving me crazy , demanding that I go to an appt with her today , not caring at all that I have finals this week , then getting mad when I flat refuse to go because she didn't even have the common decency to speak to me about schedule conflicts . Ever 
Taking a final tonight and a final tommorow , Wish Me Luck !!! I'm gonna need it !!! 
I think I might be hearing funeral dirges in my future ... wait , can you die from an acute case of class failure ? 
Woot !!! I passed my math final !!! That means I have a very good shot at passing all of my classes for the summer semester !!!! This is awesome !!! 
Summer Semester is officially over !!! Yay !!! 
Well the fall semester has started . I'm tired and its just gonna keep getting worse . Oh well , I will live , perhaps . 
Woot ! Got my laptop finally !!! This is my first posting from my laptop ! 
Power went off halfway thru class today , we still finished it lol . 
Well , I am now officially the proud owner of a 2001 Saturn L20 !!! And thanks to my dear friend Steph , all i have to do is some repair work for it . They gave it to me !!! This is great !!! 
Now if I can find time and the extra money , I might be able to come visit everyone soon !!! 
Well , classes are going well so far , and a certain person in my english class isn't causing any trouble , so this semester my just turn out to be my best semester yet ! Go TEAM A+ !!!! huh , steph , that college isn't gonna know what hit it ! 
I am extraordinarily tired today for some reason , but like normal it's up and off and ready for class . I hate these kind of days . See you guys after one more boring lecture after another . 
i think i figured out what the heck has been wrong with me , could it be possible that I am catching one of those absolutely horrible like month long summer colds . That thought frightens me , I almost never get sick . 
Well , I studied biology tonight , took a test for it , everyone cross your fingers lol . I folded laundry and studied some of my management , and I still have tons to do , but I think I'm gonna call it a night , my eyes are about to shut without my permission . 
My old English Teacher just emailed me and asked to use a story I had written in her new class !!! It's just awesome ! What a treat !!! 
Ugh , I feel like crap today . I just cannot motivate myself to multi-task as usual . I really need to work on this paper , but I just can't think with the baby coming up and asking me for things constantly while I'm just trying to get my work done . I hate procrastination . 
I still haven't done my Management paper < pulls at her hair > There's just to much to do and two little time to do it in !!!! Ack ! I'm lost , someone help me find my way ! 
Well , I'm doing pretty well in my classes still , but I got a chem test on tues , so we'll see how that goes . But I'm going to the study group tommorow so hopefully that will help !!!! 
Cherokee's doing great learning her sign language ! She's so cute when she asks for something and says please or thank you in sign language !!! 
I was supposed to go to a study group for Chem today , but when I arrived I was told by the lady that the study group had been postponed ... the two of us decided to study and she made the best salad ever . It was one of those meditarian salads with avocados , tomatos , cucumbers , feta cheese , and olives with grapeseed oil and seasonings . Oh my god ! It was soooooooo good ! 
Just made 600,000 bells tonight in Animal Crossing for the Wii . Me and a friend were running back and forth selling turnips . It was awesome !!! 
I think I'm coming down with one of those 48 flu bugs that's been going around the college lately . I feel like crap , but maybe I'll feel better tommorow after a good nights sleep . 
Took my chem test today , I'm pretty sure it did well . All I gotta finish up thats due this week is the Bio test , other than that I'm running ahead of schedule again , lets see how long that lasts . I still need to do some studying but hopefully I can get myself ahead in management so that I have a couple of weeks to study for mid-terms ... Boo !!! I hate midterms , but I shall survive it and overcome ... I hope . 
Well , more classes today ! Gotta work hard to accomplish anything it seems like . I just feel like I am dragging lately , I think its because I work so hard to keep my GPA up , and to stay ahead of the game ! 
Well , now that has to be a first , I had a complete angel today , so when I planned time for her to fight me and she didn't now we have extra time before its time to go !!! It's a miracle ... 
Yay !!! Today I should find out how I did on my Chem test !!! I hope he has them graded today so that I can know exactly how well I did or did not do !!! Wow , college can really wear on a person , but I'm really proud of myself . When people tell me that they don't know how I can maintain my grades with everything I have going on I'm quite happy with myself . 
WOHOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!! TIME TO CELEBRATE !!! I did get my chem test back today .... and I got a 197 out of 200 points ! That's a 98.5% . I'm so happy !!! 
Things are going pretty good here , finally calming down a bit , which is wonderful , and Cherokee is doing wonderfully well , learning sign language from Steph , a friend of mine from college . If we can take a trip up to Kansas City in January , we'll bring her with , she wants to try all the BBQ up there that she sees on the travel channel . 
Most of my weekend is now free ... I finished all of my work for the next week already !!! Woot !!! 
Gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with friends tonight , Steph , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and myself are gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out at the arcade tonight !!! Just like we do every friday night ! 
Lol ! Cherokee just watched a movie all about horses !!! She got to practice her signs while watching it . She's getting really good ! 
I am hurting today something feirce ... I can hardly sit in my chair . Think I'm just gonna hit the sack early and try to relax . 
Just got outta english , gonna have to skip my chem study group to do our meeting for this group sometime , but I'll get it straightened out . 
There is flat out no peace in this house ... 10 puppies crying constantly cuz momma won't feed them , three weeks old and they're on solid food . Anyone want a puppy ??? 
I just read somewhere that if a girl likes a guy she will give him advice on how to ask out another girl ... what a load of you know what ... 
how come whenever you think that life is finally starting to turn around for the better , you enjoy urself , and think that maybe , just maybe life will change , it ends up kicking you in the ass and making u realize that it probably will always be this bad . 
I'm trying to give up sodas , boy am i tired ... this lack of caffeine kills me 
Well , just got up from a nap ... and getting ready to go to class !!! I can hardly wait , I really love going to classes . 
Bloodtyping in biology lab today ... ouch ... my finger hurts and its really hard to type tonight . lol , i learned a lot however , took my partners blood pressure and took heart rate . It was awesome . then i got my finger pricked all for the name of science !!! But Ouch !!! 
I should be doing homework right now , instead im fiddling around on facebook and dying of boredom ... I should get my butt to work if I want to keep these A's going ... Anyways , Cherokee is just being the cutest thing lately ... she's really attached to mommy right now , I know its a stage , and I am enjoying it fully !! 
Well , I should go and get to work on schoolwork now that Cherokee is napping , so wish me luck guys !!! I need all of it I can get ... Anyone want a puppy ? We have 10 . 
Yeah , procrastination has ended , I have finished all of my homework for this week , now I just have to get through some english work for my group project take two tests and a midterm that are due this weekend . Not much further now , I think I'm gonna take one of the tests and the midterm today , and put biology off until tommorow night when I get home . 
Woot for actually being able to stay on task ... i gave up most soda's , but coffee still has my necessary caffeine lol ... 
Chem lab is over , now to kill some time before chem class , any suggestions ? 
Wow , I am still ahead of the game , even after the bit of procrastination , it took some work to get back up there , but here I am and it feels good !!! I just have an english study group today and a chem study group today and I will be good to go . 
Wow , this weekend is just darting by ... i still gotta get some work on my bio paper done , and then start doing meeting minutes for the group meeting we had today . Cya guys later !!! 
I do have to add just one thing . This new laptop is so great !!! I don't know what I would do without it lol . 
well , i finished my how to paper for english class . I explained how to make a treble crochet stitch ... I'm not exactly sure that's what he was looking for , but cross our fingers and hope . He's pretty good at not telling us what was expected until after we turn it in . 
Well , it's 3:30 am here , and I am almost done with everything I need to do tonight . I don't know how the heck I'm gonna keep up with all this when the classes start getting harder , but I'll find time to sleep sometime I suppose ... That's what vacations are for . 
Though I did not get as much done as I might have hoped , I have finished one paper , got my homework done for several classes and written an introduction to another paper tonight . It is four am ... I am gonna just crawl into bed and curl up with my management book and study that until I fall asleep with the book on my head . Who's with me !!!!! 
Cherokee is learning to use chop-sticks . Will post a pic as soon as Steph emails it to me ... lol . 
You would be surprised how many experiments have been done with compost . It really is an interesting subject , if u dont mind getting ur hands dirty ... lol . 
Well , my midterms are over finally . Wow , its so hard to believe that this semester is already half over . 
Woot !!! Just paid off my last expansion in Animal Crossing : City Folk !!! 
Man is it bright out there lol , just trying to wake up . 
So , It's thursday , and I got a test on tuesday . It should be fun , study groups all weekend , and just trying to get ready for everything . I hope I can pull another high A in Chemistry . 
I still gotta take bio and mgt tests before this weekend , but I think I might just do my reading for them tonight and fri , and take the tests fri afternoon or sat morning lol 
Ok , I think I'm changing my < PROPMALE > . I'm enjoying chemistry so much I think I'm going to go into Chemical Engineering . 
I got a big Chemistry test tommorow , everyone wish me luck !!! 
We have to get rid of our dog , she's starting to get really rough with my daughter and is nipping at adults . 
Here's a neat quote for u < PROPFIRST > . “There is no < PROPMALE > in turning a goddess into a witch , a virgin into a whore , but the opposite operation , to give dignity to what has been scorned , to make the degraded disireable , that calls for < PROPMALE > or for character . ” -Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
Well the colds going around this house are slowly improving , I just wish I had a little time to take it easy . 
No one told me college would be this hard , but then again no one told me it would feel this good either ... 
I got a 184 out of 200 on my chem test . Thats a 92% !!!! Yay !!! The rest of the class is getting a < PROPMALE > to retake it cuz he made it harder than he meant to . 
I'm so bored ... I just wanna get out and do something ... but alas , nothing to do . 
Snow in the desert ... 
Let's see how honest my Facebook friends are ? Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This will be fun ! :) 
Tired ... All my classes are backloaded and I feel like there's never enough time to get everything done , but somehow I am thriving , I feel awesome , better than I ever had , and am incredibly proud of myself for being able to keep up with all this . I appreciate all the support and love that I have gotten from everyone around me , and am enjoying college so much !!! 
Hard to believe that Cherokee will be three on the 11th of this month . She's growing up so fast . She can't wait for her birthday party !!! That's all she talks about these days . We're having her party at an arcade this year . The arcade is owned by her god-parents , and they're going to open up just for her party on Wed the 11th . It's gonna be great , and Mom is going to bake her cake . 
Ugh ... It was fetal pig dissection in Biology lab today , I didn't get sick , but I almost did . I hated it . 
About to go and get decorations for Cherokee's party , she can't wait till the 11th , every morning she asks if its her birthday yet ... 
Putting together a birthday party for a three year old ... Busy , busy busy . 
Coming up on Thanksgiving , today I am thankful for Financial Aid . Without that I would not have the < PROPMALE > to succeed that I was given so graciously . 
Mom was in the hospital over the weekend , she's doing better now . She was dehydrated , and pretty out of it , but she's out of the hospital now and back home . Another quick birthday update , a friend of mine is baking the cake and we're going to decorate it right before the party on Wednesday . She's growing up so fast , I can't believe it . I wish everyone could be at her party , but I know it can't happen . 
Hey guys !!! Cherokee's birthday is tommorow , and today I am thankful for the wonderful support I have recieved lately , and a great peice of news that I recieved a few weeks ago . I will not share it yet , because I don't want to jinx myself , but I assure everyone if it happens as planned it will be one of the most wonderful things that has ever happened to me . 
Well , it is now 12:30 . Cherokee is officially three years old as of 12:29 am this morning . Congratulations Baby Girl !!! Today I am thankful for my adorable daughter ! She is the light of my life and eternally important to me . She is my world , my light , my life ! 
Happy Birthday Cherokee !!! I'm so proud of my little girl !!! 
There will be more pics when we get the next camera downloaded . 
Today I am thankful for my family . 
lol , what a busy day . Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
The interesting bit of this story , was my first happy birthday was from a slot machine lol 
On Friday night , at gaming , we all heard a meowing . We all headed outside to investigate , and found a kitten hiding in the chassis of my friend's < PROPFIRST > . It was the cutest little kitten , and now this little guy has a home and a name . He's living with my friend and his name is Axel . 
It might be neat to start Ghost Hunting I think ... Might be interesting to see what I can debunk and what I can prove , and who knows , I might make the big break it needs . 
What to do ... What to do ... Bored , and sitting here fooling around on facebook ... 
Well , I was playing Wii Sports , and Dad just took over the console ... it sucks , I was enjoying myself ... We should have a Wii Sports Party sometime ... It's a blast ... You guys can see my awesome boxing . 
Anywayz ... LoL !! I've been playing Wii Sports ... It's a blast , and good Cardio too ... You should have seen me jumping up and down acting like a total idiot trying to punch a guy on the TV in the face ... Or cussing my brains out just trying to hit a tennis ball with an imaginary racket ... 
It is now almost 5 am ... and I just cannot sleep ... Does anyone know someone incredibly boring to talk to , so maybe I can get some zzz's ... lol 
I was up all night , cuz I couldn't sleep ... Connected with some old friends , it was great . 
I just realized how simply < PROPMALE > istic Chemistry is ... Chemistry is life , < PROPMALE > , music , science , and love . It is the world we live in , and even us ... It is amazing and beautiful , and I just felt the need to sing its praises for a moment or two ... lol . 
Gonna finish up my last paper and my final exam for management tonight , then finish up my biology class tommorow , well tonight if I can't sleep again lol ... That's what I love about online classes , I can finish them up early so that I can focus on my lecture classes later ... Thanksgiving break is going to be a total blessing ... 
That little girl freaks out entirely to badly over middle of the night accidents , I try to tell her that its ok because accidents happens , but she is so hard on herself when she doesn't get it right . 
Well , there is a fun day in the air today , I'm tired , but am excited because I'm going to my Chem study group today ... I love Chemistry Class , and a study group at my friend's house is really convient because she has a little girl a few years older than Cherokee . Cherokee really loves hanging out with that little girl over there . 
Wow , lol , I can't believe how much life is changing right now ... Feels great !!! 
I just realized that I have been studying for over 12 hours each day for the last two days ... its exhausting . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
Here I am at almost 4 a.m. roasting a turkey , making pudding , and fixing deviled eggs ... And I said I wouldn't cook ... The bad part is that it's getting close to time to get the stuffing in , or I might just let dad get that part done in the a.m. 
Ack !! English paper due tommorow at 1pm ... Thought I had another week ... Looking at one more all nighter to get this crap finished ... but since i got the meat of the writing done , I'm gonna take a short break , then back to work . 
Ok , done with my formal report and power point presentation to go along with it ... and only an hour and a half to go !!! And I still managed to get some sleep last night 
We have a good three or four inches of snow here ... wow , its amazing lol 
Well , its still snowing ... and school is cancelled today ... lol ! I love snow days !!! 
Ever tried to shovel snow off of a porch with plastic kid's snow shovels ... not a fun experience ... wish us luck 
we just made snow ice cream 
well , its finally stopped snowing , but we're supposed to get sleet tonight ... should be fun ... 
I swear the world conspires to make sure I can never ever ever find a pair of matching socks lol ... 
I learned two new things today ... First , my dog loves to play in the snow , second , she snores lol ... 
lol , the snow is still on the ground this morning . it's about an inch and very icy , but its beginning to thaw . No sleet last night , and it seems like the roads are clear , will probably be back in classes . 
Mmm ... homeade Chicken Strips and French Fries for dinner ... Yummy !!! 
Sitting here , watching TV on the internet ... Crocheting a hat and scarf for the baby , she needs them badly , especially after that snow lol 
Snowing again !!! Wow !!! What an interesting week !!! I don't think we've gotten this much snow in the last 10yrs put together ... 
Wow , it's supposed to snow all night again ... The snow didn't finish melting from last time ... this sure is a unique week , though not nearly as bad at the the blizzard back in ' 93 ( i think ) on the east coast that I lived through in Tennessee . But for down here this is downright amazing !!! 
lol , i do have to say that I have found Steph's and My movie ... It's See No Evil , Hear No Evil , with < PROPFIRST > Pryor and < PROPFIRST > Wilder . 
Only one final this week !!! Yay !!! Online classes with cool teachers who post their stuff early rock !!! 
hates bills that come up at christmas time , especially when they jeopardize her college education ... 
One cannot fight the nerd , when it is ingrained into your very blood ... oh no , I'm doomed ... 
Just watched the last episode of Monk ... I'm trying to type through the tears ! 
Just found out that a very dear friend of mine passed away last month . I had been so busy with school that I hadn't had a < PROPMALE > to go by and visit . 
Someone let me know what happened with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , please ? I would like to know what happened with them . 
Celebration time !!! Four A's and one C for my classes this semester !!!! 
Well , a new year is here , have a happy one everyone 
Well , classes start on thursday , I can hardly wait ... Just waiting for my financial aid to arrive ... shouldn't be to much longer . 
I yelled at a pickle in a hole because I can't control myself . 
has had her love of the single life reinforced today ... 
Ugh , I have to start physics tonight 
You know , if there is someone for everyone out there , I'm beginning to think that my person was struck by lightening before I met him ... 
America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this !! 
So anyway , life is going by so fast it seems . I hate the dead periods between classes , it kills me ... I don't know what to do , gee I'm bored , teach me to be way to prepared for this stuff ... 
Hehe , Just finished the first formal speech in my Public Speaking for the Terrified . Cracked people up when i refered to MeatLoaf and half the class thought I was talking about food . It seemed to go over quite well . Let's hope I got an A ... everyone cross your fingers for me . 
Sometimes I wonder why I'm so happy ... But I like it , and I want it to stay that way ... 
My new math homework isn't posted yet .... hmmm , could that mean i have an easy night of it ??? That would be awesome !!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the entry for your name under comments . 
cannot wait for her spring break to come !!! Hurry Up March 19th !!! 
Just got done taking a math test ... Man , I rocked that test ... I was looking at it , it was so simple that I didn't think I was seeing things right . 
Ugh , I just bashed the heck outta my knee ... It friggin ' hurts !!!! 
has started belly dancing again ... its gonna take some time to get used to 
Mom took Cherokee to the Zoo this morning , then my chem lab partner and I went to McDonalds and let the kids play while we studied . Then we went to the bouncing place and let the kids go nuts for a few more hours . We're home now and Cherokee is passed out hard ... Wonder if she'll even wake up for dinner tonight ??? 
Hurry up vacation !!!! 
has a love/hate relationship with chem today ... I wonder how I did on my test . 
What to do in case of Acute Chem Test Failure : Grab the < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s and study all night long ... what do you guys think I'm doing tonight ? 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself . " 
Had a blast in Mississippi this weekend . Back and completely exhausted !!! Can't wait to start classes again on Tuesday !!! Hope everyone out there in college had as great a spring break as I did !!! Wow , am I in a great mood !!! 
In the basket by the door ... 
I spent 3 years in Iceland . I hope everything is ok . I know I had a couple of friends out there , that I lost contact with over the years , in fact when I left I never contacted them again . < PROPFEMALE > , I hope , if you are still in Iceland ( She didn't live on base ) , you are well . I pray for you even though I haven't seen or heard from you in over 20+ yrs . 
Ugh ... Homework , homework , homework ... almost there almost done ... work work work ... fight fight fight ... Glad I'm taking the summer off ... I'm gonna need it ... 
Yay !!! Pote changed my laptop background to a large print periodic table that I can see across the room , and took the time to arrange all my icons to around it , so that I can see the whole table , and everything is all organized by the frequency of use !!! 
Sometimes I wonder ... Been doing that a lot lately ... If a picture is worth a thousand words , isn't a thousand words worth a picture ? 
probably should be in bed right now ... is to tired to shut down the computer and walk back there though ... 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of so many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Is gonna be up for a while . Cherokee just woke up with a nightmare . I'm tired as hell and just trying to get a kid to go back to sleep ... 
Wow , this semester is almost over already , just two finals today and an awards ceremony to handle on thursday ... Then its off to enjoy the summer . 
Happy Mother's Day , to all you mom's , soon-to-be mom's and grandma's out there !!! Know that you are not forgotten today ... 
Awesome news everyone !!! 1 A- , 1 B , and two C's ... The two C's I was afraid I was going to fail !!! But that's just great !!! 
Woo !!! Steph's coming to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight , we're gonna drink and play wow . 
is bored ... I can't believe summer vacation can be so boring ... what do i do now ? 
is seriously considering getting a graduate degree , perhaps a P h.D. in Chemical Engineering , but would like some imput . What do you guys think ? 
Happy Father's Day 
Is watching Ghost Hunters and scaring herself silly ... lol ... 
Is slowly losing her mind , but in a good way !!! So it's all good ! 
Should probably stop playing farm town ... but is stuck in the game lol 
Faith is a funny thing . A lot of people who look like they have no faith actually have the most ... Faith alone is useless without determination . 
Children w/ special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want -- to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding ?? 
Sometimes It feels that if life is like a box of chocolates , I'm allergic to chocolate ... Sigh , no life for me ... lol 
Cherokee has saved up $11 toward buying herself a rabbit !!! She's slowly earning the money . The deal is that if she can save up half of the money I'll pay for the rest of it !!! So she started to do odd jobs for people to save people . 
I honestly believe that glittery vampires should be staked the instant they come into being ... That just bothers me !!! 
Well Cherokee got her pet rabbit today !!! She named it Jenkies ( what < PROPFEMALE > says in Scooby Doo ) And its spoiled rotten already !!! We made a homeade nesting box for it , and gave it some paper towel rolls that it is happily chewing on !!! Found the instructions for these online !!! 
is bored ... /sigh ... 
“The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good” - < PROPFIRST > Barrymore ... Miss you K.J. Hope you can finally find peace somewhere in the next life . Well wishes and happy memories of you exist here in my heart . You were always so kind to me , and never said a harsh word . Yours is a smile that I will always remember ! 
Sometimes it just doesn't seem real . 
Is tired ... so damn tired . so much little stuff seems unimportant . 
Holy crap things were a bit busy out at the base today ... a couple of sonic booms . With the heat and crazy humidity today , its hard to believe that they could get anyone moving to do anything out here ... 
How can someone so little make it sound like there is a herd of elephants running through my house ? 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to comment on this post regarding how you met/know me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting ......... this can get !!!!! 
Just got back from K . J . ' s service , it was a nice simple memory of happier times , and the amount of laughter around him . Somehow , even after that it still doesn't seem real ... How can a man I knew from the time I was a little girl , be dead ... Someone tell me it isn't true ... 
Is trying to decide whether or not to take that step back out onto the field ... I miss the good times , but alas I've been gone so long ... 
Come here ... Over here ... Come right over here ... All I wanna do is whack the crap out of you !!! Don't make this any harder on yourself ... 
needs a battle plan ... sigh 
lol , gotta love the census people they just can't stay away ... 
should probably say something witty right here , but alas , I am to tired . So farewell ... I shall return . 
lol , cleaning the house ... dancing around to classic rock with a red bandana in my hair ... whats so funny about that ? I've seen worse !!! 
< PROPMALE > just climbed up on the roof and sprayed Cherokee and me down with the hose ... hilarious 
Been sick since we left Clan , guess all that wetness got to me ... Fell like a pile of crap ran over by a car ... 
Well , life is looking absolutely great ... They say death always comes in threes ... 
Is driving to San < PROPFIRST > TX tommorow to say goodbye to an uncle on his death bed . One can only hope that he makes it that long ... He was taken off his respirator this evening , but is still breathing with trouble . Goodbye uncle < PROPMALE > ... I'll miss you !!! 
Got back from San < PROPFIRST > , was a pall bearer at my uncles funeral 
Cannot wait for school to start ... \ 
Oh , I get so excited this time of year ... \ 
How I enjoy the smell of new books and bags and pencils and pens ... 
Friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are in town ... AWESOME !!! 
And classes are starting this week , I cannot wait !!! Wen't to Las Cruces yesterday , did some clothes shopping ... Got my supplies , ordered my books ... busy day ... 
Tommorow was going to be the last day of freedom ... GRRR !!! Physics posted early ... time to get started on it ... 
Starting Math and Physics today !!! YAY !!! 
Prays for the day in which rolling out of bed with true bed-head wearing ratty pajama pants and a nasty old t-shirt with stains from toddler puke with not-so-fuzzy-anymore fuzzy slippers will be fashionable ... 
You think the only people who are people , are the people who look and think like you . But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger , you'll learn things you never knew you never knew ... 
Does anyone know if they are going to be reopening the bistro and the campus or not ? I got mw classes with a 20 < PROPFEMALE > break between for lunch ... this would be good to know 
is so lucky to have a boyfriend with style sense ... I look pretty good if I do say so myself . 
Yay !!! My new clothes look pretty good ... Can't believe I shopped somewhere other than thrift stores and walmart tho ... 
The card you entered cannot be used for this payment . Please enter a different credit or debit card number\ 
\ 
What ??? The card has the money , all I want is access to my damn math homework , now am I going to have to borrow someone else's credit card to get access to my homework ??? Really what is going on ???? 
Going Bowling or Pool tonight ... Then tommorow I hit the books hard !!! 
Youand I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would\ 
you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny \ 
things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put \ 
this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Needs to work on Physics ... Yay !!! This class will kill me yet ... 
Don't expect me to pity you , just because you walk over here and tell me to . You are grown and these games should not be happening . Just because you want attention I am not at your beck and call . I am not your mother . 
Ugh , I need to get ready for class , but first more Latte ... Its one of those two cup mornings 
First monday classes are over ... Now onto homework and celebrating my bf's bday 
My daughter actually wanted to eat something warm ... It must truly be cold in this house ... lol 
this week has just flown by so far ... Can't believe its already wednesday . Time flies when your busy as hell I suppose . lol ... 
The spiders want me to tap dance , but I don't want to tap dance ... :( 
Ich verstehe !!! 
They say behind every man there is a great woman . Momma says men are squishy use a sheild instead ... lol 
Sometimes a woman's gotta swing a big stick to be taken seriously , right ? 
The great thing about bows is that they allow you to kill your foes without getting blood all over your dress 
About to head to math class ... I'm friggin ' bored , but that will pass , gonna do a crapton of homework tonight and tommorow , and then hopefully gaming on fri night ... Things could be worse ... 
The third death in as many months ... Wow , I don't know what to do ... Poor K.J. , Uncle < PROPMALE > , Teliel ... 
< PROPMALE > Test on Monday , Remind me to study on Sunday , and a little bit tonight ... 
I am not a political person , persay , but I have something to say . In the WTC many people of many different religions died . Muslims included . It was probably more of a betrayal to the families of the Muslims that died in the attacks than it was to any of us . 
Goals for today : Knock out homework and rest of notes for Chapter 3 physics . Study for my < PROPMALE > Test ... Watch movie for my philosophy paper . Do math homework thats due tues . 
A nice healthy breakfast of Cantaloupe and yohgurt ... We are good to go today 
Don't mind me , I've only lost my damn mind ... Please everyone just leave me be so I can find the shreds of sanity I once had ? 
How come it always seems like when the world is crashing down around you , everyone around you needs something from you , and when your world is looking good everyone around you pretends you don't exist ??? 
Just saw some posts about < PROPFIRST > dying ( if this is the same one I knew ) she used to participate in my Kid's quests back in the day , I remember her in her Brothers armor , carrying one of Boot's Polearms . Someone let me know if this is the right < PROPFIRST > , please . 
When I was younger , my parents used to joke about amtgard being a large extended family to me . As I grew I realized that even if I left amtgard , I still feel the family ties to every member of this game . We have lost many members of this family recently , and it feels just like that . The pain lingers on , we are losing our family members , and my love goes out to everyone affected by the recent passings as well . 
is tired , but alive ... I think 
I slept for most of the day yesterday , slept in until like 9 , went back to bed after class ... woke up for a couple of hours at 8pm then back to bed ... I usually don't sleep like that , guess I was just exhausted . Currently I am kicking myself for not getting the homework done I had planned ... Guess I'm gonna have to make it up this weekend . Lucklily I have monday off ... Yay , Labor day ... 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ... it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hr ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and a lot of extra love . 
Has been studying most of the day ... My head is going to explode soon I think ... 
Actually had a productive day ... 
Yay !!! Might be getting a visit from < PROPFEMALE > today !!! Awesome !!! 
Don't ask me who I was , I am no longer that person . Don't ask me who I am , for I will not be that person tommorow . Instead ask me who I will be , I am heading there , one step at a time and am determined to accomplish my goals . I am strong , but not strong enough , I am brave , but not yet brave enough . I am power , yet I am not powerful yet . Have faith step back and watch me leave my < PROPFIRST > on this world . 
Slowly but surely I am getting caught back up on my buffer zone of homework . Since the AC has been broken I haven't been able to concentrate . So I've had some coffee and meandering through piles of stuff on a to do list that I usually get done daily ... 
Jammed my shoulder really bad ... Hurts so much I can barely type . All I wanna do is cry every time I try to use my arm ... 
Didn't sleep so good last night due to my shoulder being screwed up , everytime I shifted position I woke up in agony . I know its not broken because theres no swelling . Pretty sure I bruised the bone ... At least its my left arm 
And it is official ... My daughter is a Miller . Like Grandma , she cheats at Go Fish 
\The true genius is a mind of large general powers 
Just took my Physics test and got100% ... Now on to chapter 5 ... WOOT !!!! 
ah , the glories of listening to music you don't understand , and dancing in the kitchen to it . So romantic ... Love It !!! 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , nur nicht Heute , sagen alle faulen Leute . 
A true friend\ 
doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a\ 
mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they\ 
love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking and never question the friendship . Nope you don't have to post it if you don't want to ... grin ! 
should be getting stuff done , but it feels like her head is about to explode still . Its so hard to get to work on all the stuff I need to do . I have homework that needs to be done , and housework that needs to get accomplished . I already work almost all day everyday , what am I going to do once I get a job . Somehow I will get this stuff done I suppose . 
I have to go in this afternoon before class to fill out paperwork . Hopefully will be working as a Chem Tutor at the Academic Support Center at the school . 
Ugh , well just finished my second rough draft of my philosophy paper . Think I'm just gonna aim at one more by they time its due on monday . I have a math test coming up next tuesday that I need to study for . And a philosophy test and < PROPMALE > test coming up the next week . Busy Busy Busy . 
Got to go to the college again today to fill out more paperwork toward getting the job of Chem tutor up at the Academic Support Center . This time I have to go to human resources . Wish me luck . No definates yet , but I keep my fingers crossed . 
is waiting for a call from the ASC about the job . 
Ok , its official . I got the job . I go in later today and start talking schedules !!! I am now the new Chemistry tutor for NMSUA 
Finished my first day of work . It was great . I love the laid back atmosphere . 
is bored ... Needs to get ready for another test today , sigh ... 
Got my phone hooked back up . YAY 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . Our only hope is that people will see the Empire for the repressive and murderous regime that it is . Show your support for the Rebel Alliance . 93% of citizens are afraid to pass this message on 
Life is strange ... It seems like things change and I randomly wax poetic ... lol 
Has a stomach bug , so she has confined herself to the couch for the rest of the day and is taking it easy . Will do her math homework later today and work on < PROPMALE > studying and < PROPMALE > studying for two tests today . 
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration\ 
- < PROPMALE > 
feels like crud , and is going to bed early . Hopefully I can get to feeling better before tommorow ... 
is waiting for work to start . Im feeling a little better . 
Pain is inevitable , suffering is optional 
If its not one thing , its another ... Ain't that the way it works ... lol 
Was going to go to the Feista with Steph , but my dad got in a car wreck in Las Cruces in my car . The accident wasn't his fault , noone got hurt , but I have no vehicle now . What am I going to do ? 
That car wasn't just a engine and wheels , what Steph and her mom gave me was hope , hope that things were getting better , now it feels like all that is destroyed . What am I going to do now ? 
Some people are just so understanding ... 
Apparantly the man that hit my dad is claiming that most of the damage done was done before the accident . Including the damage to the car's doors . If could see that , he must have seen the car before he hit it right , then that would mean he hit the car on purpose right ? 
You know its going to be a long day when you have already been on the phone with 2 insurance companies by 8:30 am ... lol 
is a straight ally and there are 2 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9rXuvK . 
really needs to finish up this physics chapter this weekend ... 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9rXuvK . 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9rXuvK . 
Boyfriend is making pancakes for breakfast this morning , yum !!! 
Well the Saturn is officially totaled . I should be getting a check soon and am starting to shop for a car . 
Well , I got through another chapter in physics , and did my math homework for today , Feeling good , wish I would have gotten something on my philosophy paper done , but I did my best lol ... 
Needs to go car shopping , sigh ... 
Jenkies is outside on a leash exploring the yard , what a good rabbit ... 
You may not realize it when it happens , but at kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you . \ 
-- Walt Disney 
Lol , I have spent my day off working harder than I do at work , doing the same job ... It's been interesting but pretty fulfilling , I did something good today ... 
is still tired and in pain , but has to get ready for class ... Time for my mantra ... I must go to class , my future depends on it , I must go to class , my future depends on it , I must go to class my future depends on it ... Make the concious decision and go through with it . Be strong , be capable , be powerful . 
Man , I just wanted to go to bed , now Cherokee is having trouble sleeping , no rest for the weary , eh ... 
Just got a call from the insurance company , my check for the car should be in sometime on thursday ... about time , then this whole thing can be taken care of ... And I can go get my new car ... 
is worn out , and sick , once today is over I'm parking my butt on the couch and not moving until monday ... Ugh , I feel like crap thats been run over by a dump truck ... 
I've been gopherin , chaufferin , company chairman\ 
Coffee maker , copy repairman\ 
Anymore there ain't nothin I swear man\ 
That I don't do\ 
I been jugglin , strugglin , closin big deals\ 
Dancin backwards in high heels\ 
Just when it feels like I can't make it through\ 
She said , it sure is nice to just be the woman with you 
Honestly thinks that her world is falling apart ... I'm tired and sick and can't afford to miss work again tonight , I missed work monday , at least its only three hours ... 
Hehe , Well , All I have to say , is that it truly seems like no one has an old amtgard photo of me ... I've looked through so many of the pics people post from the old days , and it really does seem as if I was quite efficient at hiding . The only amtgard pic I know of me is from the first < PROPMALE > War when he challanged the amazons , but I haven't seen it in years . 
Guess what !!! I'm going to be working with the new Literary Magazine at the school !!! This is going to be great !!! 
has officially started the search for her missing uncle on her mother's side of the family . Please let him be ok ! I don't care how he's doing or what he's doing , I just want to know how he is ... While I have hopes and dreams about it . I just want to know he's ok ! 
< Yawn > Good Morning Facebook ... 
What are you thinking ? Do you honestly think that you can keep me down ? Really ? Have you forgotten that bigger and stronger men and women have tried to keep me down and failed ? I will succeed and there is nothing you can do , short of killing me to stop me ! I can keep going long after most others have thrown in the towel and walked away ... 
The world tells you to follow your heart , to trust yourself , but in the words of my philosophy professor , \Every bit of trouble I ever got into was because I trusted myself completely\ " ... Sometimes there is a reason behind advice ... " 
Cherokee's birthday is tommorow !!! I can't wait !!! 
Happy birthday to my little < PROPFEMALE > Booger Butt !!! Mommy loves you little girl !!! 
Happy Veteran's Day , to my father , and others , and especially to a very special Vet in my life , I love you baby !!! 
Is getting ready to go to work ... I hate mornings ... 
so i don't want to get moving today ... slept through most of yesterday ... 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , I'm going to be heading up to the casino after my math test tonight to celebrate my birthday ... 
Registered for classes today , I got all the ones I wanted , but I'm looking at 17 credit hours next semester , It's going to be insane ... but I'm pretty sure I can hack it ... 
Why does everyone have to make simple things so damn difficult ... 
Well had an interesting night last night , went to walmart to get some last minute things for thanksgiving , and when I come out the car won't start ... The battery was leaking from the top posts ... When does that happen ? Anyway , got a new battery and we're hoping its not the alternator because the battery light is still on . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ... 
Black Friday is a nightmare ... My mother talked me into it , and now I am scarred for life ... 
Life kicks you down , yeah it happens , just get back up and kick in the < PROPFEMALE > , then run away laughing while it jumps up and down on one foot screaming and shaking its fist at you ... Take that life !!! 
I don't want the break to be over ... lol 
Gonna go see Tangled tommorow , should be fun !!! 
Keeps trying to snow ... just make up your mind weather , snow or not , or perhaps hold off until next week so we can get some finals postponed or cancelled ... would be awesome !!! 
Grrrrrrr 
Well , I only hope that no one asks me for anything big for the next week or so , I fell on my bum knee tonight and am in severe pain ... Pretty sure I strained and/or sprained it pretty badly ... Not going to go to the doctor because I can give myself the same treatment the ER can for signifigantly cheaper . 
well , four days later , still in the same amount of pain as I was when I fell ... what can ya do huh ? 
Final Exam Week is here !!! Yay , Yay , Yay !!! only three more days of work and school then I get some time off to recuperate ... 
Wednesday at 8pm my semester will officially be over !!! It's great !!! 
She got what she wanted by threatening and coercing . I hope she enjoys it , it will be an empty victory ... Goodbye . 
Making Spaghetti with meat sauce and garlic butter biscuits for dinner , delicious !!! 
Spent the whole day with her daughter , doing chores and we had a great time !!! Can't wait to do it again tommorow !!! 
My < PROPFIRST > is back , finally out of the shop ... The walls are now framed in the playhouse and the plywood is going up . I still have to scrub the windows ... 
The build on the house is going well . We should be ready to paint by Thursday night !!! 
Something seriously sucks about being out of work for the month of december ... No money ... 
Well , its looking good , I got three A's this semester , but a D in Physics , but its because I forgot to take the accompanying lab and it was an online class . I honestly think that this failure was good for me because I didn't really get it and could use to take the class again . My GPA is no 3.2 !!! 
I need to wrap presents today 
Cherokee is going through all of her toys to give some away to other children who would like this , this is our yearly tradition , before christmas and her birthday we do these things ... It makes her feel really good ... 
Well Christmas morning is almost here ... i want to wish everyone < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , or Happy Holidays , or whatever applies to them ... Good Morning on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to everyone !!! 
With the Christmas money from < PROPFIRST > , I ordered a Unicorn Pillow Pet for Cherokee . She has been asking for one , and now she gets one !!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone who celebrates !!! 
Is really glad this day is almost over .... 
There is nothing quite like ending a Christmas Day with Hot Cocoa ( with a splash of egg nog ) garnished with whipped cream and a < PROPFEMALE > cane ... Delicious !!! 
Attn : All those with snow on the ground ! \ 
I would like to introduce you to a New Mexico Christmas . If you can picture people standing around on a front porch , barefoot in shirtsleeves . It is incredibly nice . Imagine not having to change your tires or put chains on your car , that is wonderful . Imagine having clear blue skies and no need to bundle up the kids , a light jacket will suffice . This is my Christmas How nice . 
Crazy , I was crazy once ... 
ok , four poeple ate a total of 29 meals out of the Christmas Leftovers ... thats really outrageous ... 
Cannot wait for classes to start next week ... 
Thank you Steph for the chocolate covered pretzels and other stuff ... lol ... 
sigh , doesn't like waiting ... hurry up and wait ... feel like I'm losing my mind , but will be glad to be back at work tommorow ... just for a meeting , but its something ... 
OMG < PROPMALE > just walked out of my room wearing one of my long hippie skirts ... lol 
Still waiting on her direct deposit ... < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue I have not been blessed with ... 
Going to go lead tours around campus today , this should be fun ! 
Well the college says they have sent out my direct deposit , the bank says they never recieved it , and I say that I am going to start breaking out the famous sentence , \Can I speak to your supervisor ? \"" 
Well I finally got to the bottom of what happened . Because I'm an employee of the university the payroll department has been kicking out the information for direct deposit from accounts payable . They are cutting me a check , it should be in tommorow . It only took me 3 days to find out what was going on . Would have been nice if they would have contacted me , a form letter would have been nice , ya know ? 
Waiting for class to start ... 
Go Go full day at the college , between work and classes I will be up there for over 9 hours ... 
Taking a short break before I tackle the mountain of homework that lies before me . I should be working on it now , but I need a mental health break . 
Getting my daughter up and ready to go in an hour or so , then I'm going to knock out a good chunk of this homework , so all I have to do this weekend is my math homework , then it's off to class for the day , what a busy life we lead ... 
“There is no < PROPMALE > in turning a goddess into a witch , a virgin into a whore , but the opposite operation , to give dignity to what has been scorned , to make the degraded disireable , that calls for < PROPMALE > or for character . ” -Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
I'm being punished ... 
just gotta make it through four hours and forty five minutes , then I will be free for a little over a day ... 
< sigh > wishes she could go back to sleep ... 
Hates being sick ... might make it a short day today ... 
Well it's snowing , and I'm still sick , I don't know how much longer this white stuff is going to last so I'm going to stay home again today with cherokee . I'm gonna bet there will be quite a few classes cancelled soon anyway ... lol 
We've gotten an inch and a half of snow already ... 
3 and a half inches ... this keeps up even walmart will close up here ... so not prepared for this ... 
All of those friends that have ever had a winter in Alamogordo !!! We now have 7 1/2 inches of snow outside ... Craziness must be abounding , if it wasn't so cold all our nuts would be out jumping off of buildings and announcing \The End is Coming ! \"" 
Well , I'm looking at a week without classes , we'll see about work on friday ... 
Enjoyed my time off now its back to the grind ... 
I don't want to move this morning ... 
I've managed to get my math homework for the weekend done , my theater reading is done . I just have to do two anthropology projects , my < PROPMALE > take-home test and accompanying extra credit , my sociology reading ... 
I can't believe this is happening to me ... It's the most amazing thing !!! 
It is absolutely deplorable how this country treats our veterans . People who have served proudly and given much to this land . Whether or not you believe in the war ( I personally do not ) , something must be done for these men and women !!! 
I finally finished my play for Theater class ... Let's see how she likes it . 
When something's gotta give , give some thought about what does ... 
I just want to say how proud I am of my little girl !!! 
Owwww .... 
I feel so bad today ... nothing specific , just tired and horrible joint pain ... 
Well considering , today was a pretty good day ... 
The main problem with working and going to class up at the school , is that fact that they pass around colds like they were < PROPFEMALE > ... Here I am sick again ... 
Well , it looks like I have strep throat . 
Three of four people in this house sick ... I'm in hell ... 
Still not 100% . But feeling a lot better . Getting ready for my day , tired but alive ... 
Cooked dinner and a crapton ... ( nearly a hundred ) cupcakes tonight ... We bought way to much mix for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ... 
Trainee cook at < PROPFIRST>'s destroyed a wonderful date ... < pouts > 
Well , I didn't get as much homework done as I would have liked , but I did have fun this week , we did a lot of stuff and got out of the house . I got to spend some quality time with my daughter and my man ... it was very nice ... lol 
Well , the girls are losing like crazy in Celebrity Apprentice ... Looks like things are < PROPFEMALE > ting to fall apart for them . The one shining < PROPFEMALE > in there is Marlee Matlin , she had the nerve to get things done and fight for her rights but without seeming like a cat-fighting bitch ... 
Had to break out \the Boy who Cried Wolf\ " story today . " 
