So is this the first year of a decade or the last year of a decade ? If a decade is 10 years then 1 - 10 would be a decade and the next decade would begin in 2011 , or does everything begin with the year 0 and then 2011 is the beginning of the decade - I get confused . 

Kindle - good . 
I know hairballs are the norm when you have cats . What I don't understand is why our cat has decided that it is better to stand on the top of her 5 foot scratching post and watch as her hairballs splat on the floor below . 
is about to have his wisdom teeth removed . Undoubtedly I will be much less wise this afternoon . 
I have shaved my facial hair off before and < PROPFIRST > hated it . Unfortunately while in San < PROPFIRST > for their Mission event , I slipped while shaving and had to get rid of it again and I can hear < PROPFIRST > complaining when I get back home \You have too much face ! \"" 
Maine !? How can people rejoice over treating fellow Americans as second class citizens ? It is time that people told these people what they are - bigots . 
I just found an old CD - and I don't care what people think about me - Captain & Tennile ROCK ! ( except for Muscrat Love - I don't like that one ) 
Has anyone seen or does anyone own a \Kindle\ " ? I am thinking about asking < PROPFEMALE > for one . " 
What color tree do you have ? < PROPFIRST > got us a purple one - I wanted a silver one because it was so classy . 
Okay , < PROPFIRST > wanted a blueray , so we got him a blueray player . What is the difference between that and a regular DVD ? 
FYI : Baked Cheetos stay crunchy longer than the traditional variety . 
I will be the first to admit that I am unhappy with President Obama . I voted for him , but have suffered a bit of buyers remorse - what I just noticed is that I don't mind being upset with him - but when I hear someone else speak unkindly about him - I immediately defend him . ( In my head , not out loud - the lady complaining looked really mean . ) 
\The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to heterosexuals . That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals . It's just that they need more supervision . \ " ~ ~ < PROPFIRST > Lavner " 
What we call the beginning is often the end , and to make an end is to make a beginning . The end is where we start from . - T.S. Eliot 
I am having some landscaping done at the house , anyone have a landscaper they would refer me to ? 
Sometime last week I recorded \The Hills have Eyes\ " so that I could watch it while doing some paperwork . I decided to see it this morning and behold it was a straight soft core porn movie called \ " The Hills have Thighs . \ " Certainly not how I anticipated starting my day . " 
Can anyone tell me how to send a message to a group on FB ? 
I sent this out as a message to a bit ago , but have heard from people that I somehow left off the message list . This is a repost of the original message , if you have already replied you don't need to do it again . I am looking forward to seeing those of you who are able to make it . 
This message to invite you to a tree planting in < PROPFIRST>' honor . April 2nd , a Saturday . < PROPFIRST > was not a solemn guy , even in his last days , and I am following through with his wishes to make this a happy time to remember him . Let me know if you will be able to attend . I haven't seen most of you for some time and it would be good to see friendly faces . 
