Food then Party 

I love my friends . And i could really go for another strawberry daiquiri 
God damn fly landed in my coffee ! so i drown it in the coffee . Fucking bastards 
Having a beer and a cigarette . Bored ! Help ? 
I need gas money :( 
What if the matrix is real ? Maybe we are just a memory inside a computer . each universe could be just a random senerio created by the computer ! how can we feel stuff when we can never touch anything ? that would be pretty insane 
Home alone .. time to go out and get fucked up 
My brain feels likes it's going to throw up 
Well I was arrested .... For car hoping . I now have 2 felonies and my court date is august 11th . I fucking hate cop dogs but they bite like pussys 
all i got ! all i got was insane ! 
this site should be renamed to ignorebook 
9 more days ... maybe thing will change for the better 
Listen to my profile song . It's badass 
Got to move around 5000+ pounds of dirt today , how exciting ... 
Boooo .... court tomorrow morning 
Once i drink the magical elixir alcohol , I am transformed into Tim-o-ta-o the enraged viking sent from the gods of Valhalla !! On a holy crusade to seek and destroy babies ! 
When shit hits the fan in your life , It's always nice to have atleast one good friend who actually gives a shit for you ... I see all your guys updates and everyone seems to care ... Yet i could say i was going to kill myself tonight and not a god damned one of you fuckers would give a flying shit .. Thanks < PROPFIRST > your a true friend . 
I'm so sick of summer already ... I want some fucking snow 
After all , what's the point ? \ 
\ 
Course levitation is possible . \ 
If you're a fly , achieved and gone\ 
Theres time for this and so much more . \ 
It's typical , create a world\ 
A special place of my design\ 
To never cope or never care just use the key\ 
Cause he's alone\ 
He's alone\ 
Over and Over a slave\ 
Became\ 
Over and Over a slave 
made 20 dollars today ... yay i'm not completely broke anymore 
7 days til freedom 
Do vegetarians poop like rabbits ? 
I love the way i feel today , \ 
But how i know the sun will fade\ 
Darker days seem to be\ 
What will always live in me , but still i run\ 
It's hard to walk this path alone\ 
I don't know which way to go\ 
Will i ever save this day\ 
Will it ever change 
Im ready to die\ 
Will you kill whats left of me to stop the bleeding\ 
Shoot it , shoot it out cause they want , want it now now\ 
Suffocate integrity til im not breathing\ 
Shoot it , shoot it out cause they want want it now now\ 
Feeding the wolves\ 
Dont you know better ? \ 
The taste of blood is bitter 
Going to be home alone all day today ... hopefully today isnt boring 
Mom is in texas and dad has work til 4a . m .... anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > today or later tonight ? 
Shower ... will return 
holy crap my horoscope is true ! scary 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > later today ? 
Finally 18 
So all you christians dont get mad at me\ 
I just hope the mystical magical miracles works in catastrophes\ 
And this aint blashpemy\ 
But artillery is my strategy\ 
I hope for a higher power when i look at all these tragedies\ 
But if the laws and the bible are bogus .. then prepare for anarchy \ 
WORSE case scenario is there never ever was a higher power\ 
So in the midst of chaos now , the only real savior is firepower 
I have recreated hell in this pot of chilli im making . 
Gator don't play no shit ! Gator's bitches better be using jimmies ! 
40 hours of community service all next week 
Sometimes shooting people is the only way to make the world a better place 
i think im going to work at the haunted mines today 
holy crap !... Life is boring 
hopefully im not washing dishes for 7 hours straight again today . 
dreaming of washing dishes ... fucking community service ... 
27 hours down 53 to go 
PSYCHO ! GROUPIE ! COCAINE ! CRAZY !.. PSYCHO ! GROUPIE ! COCAINE ! CRAZY ! psycho groupie cocaine crazy , psycho groupie coke , makes you high , makes you high , makes you really want to go . 
the more new people i meet in the soup kitchen . the more and more i realize that we are slaves to the government ... this is depressing ... 
today was fun , i love working at the mines 
I'm pretty sure Doritos cures AIDS 
working at the haunted mines tomorrow , cant wait til halloween .. 
You and me will all go down in history with a sad statue of < PROPFEMALE > and a generation that didn't agree . 
The things you own end up owning you . 
Dreaming of screaming ! someone kick me out of my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny ... 
I'll take the quiet view of life and leave you to your sorted strife . I'll take the quiet view . ffaallliinngg , ffaalliinngg , awake , faalliinngg , awake , ffaalliinngg , awake ... 
Haunted Mines open 7:30 tonight ... do it !... do it now ! 
holy shit ... what a party .. 
And it pulses through , the < PROPFEMALE > to change , to deconstruct . all of my , all of my past failings . But where to begin , because when you live in sin , It's hard to look at saints , without them reflecting your jet black < PROPFEMALE > back at you . And all i have is hope and all i need is time . to bury in pine under six feet of time , the lies i told me about myself . 
counting all the assholes in the room ... well im definitely not alone , well im not alone . you're a liar , you're cheater , you're a fool . well thats just like me yoohoo and i know you too . 
Silent , beauty , no one , cares , silents , ending , no one is there .. 
They can't take this away , it's far from over . \ 
We can't stay in a place we don't belong . \ 
For one more day , I'm not afraid to fall . \ 
For one more day , we try to save it all . 
holy hell ... i am beat 
yesterday was a fun night . 
Love kills , romance is dead ! And i don't even trust myself but , i love you ! And you can pull my wings apart and pin me down on the glass until the end of days ! If it can help you , discover that we share the same pain ! I just hope you write your thesis before , your subject is dead ! No life after death ! 
Show whats it like , to dream in black and white . So i can leave this world , tonight . 
Sometimes it feels like the whole wide world has made itself , my enemy . But , i will stand upon my own two feet and raise , raise my head up . 
whats up with the sun ? It's too bright ... i want to go back to sleep . 
i never knew how brutal mouse traps were , to mice ... It's amazing . Chopping them in half and tearing them open ! And the looks on their faces is just priceless . 
Fear , It's all the same , Should i evolve , To tend to these sights , Said out load then said again , If fate is so wrong , You'll start to feel lightheaded , By my admission , nothing grows , Just a longer list of unsorted laws . So why then , Has all my life made no sound , And are your eyes closing even now , my life made no sound , i fear your eyes closing 
Let the panic bloom Could help us all end up in the clear . Then let the havoc choose to shape us all , push us to invent . We can feed off shame all day ! We could feed off shame all day ! Like to be feeling the sand bring color back to both my arms the sun , let it do damage like they said it would if given < PROPMALE > , had to be shouting your voices , scheming devils never make it through , HEY WAY TO GO LAD ! CAN'T WAIT TO GO ! 
Happy Halloween you fuckers ! 
I now own this fatal role that lives , Imagine here's a better feel , Told to dissolve or choose to fade , Or stay here , you'll live . If you ever enter my mind , Stay there , you'll live , Defend it off and fool them all , Stay there , you'll live . 
Who the hell got me sick ? I'm hunting you down 
It's party time 
Dont you bring me something stupid if you dont want me to lose it , Step back if you dont want me to attack im a beast , better give me the deuces . I have no tolerance for nonsense get away from me , we don't wanna get dollars dont wanna hollar but your makin me , Im a little dysfunctional your the problem please dont awakin me And im that way because back in the day most have forsaken me 
I believe in nothing\ 
Not the ehd and not the start\ 
Not the earth and not the stars\ 
Not the day and not the dark\ 
I believe nothing\ 
But the beating of our hearts\ 
I believe in nothing \ 
100 suns until we part\ 
Not in sin and not in god\ 
Not in peace and not in war\ 
But the truth in who we are 
I'm going to bed , the < PROPFEMALE > is trying to sleep on my keyboard ... Its a sign from satan !! 
silly people and there silly beliefs 
I'm a addict for dramatics , I confuse the two for love , You can tell me you don't beg . \ 
Liar liar , If we're keeping score , We're all choir boys at best . 
Perfection , It doesn't exist . We've all told you once and now i hear myself say it again . How can you be this fragile and still be alive . You have no will to live because your so weak . You dug your grave which you call home . We can't save you when your shoving us out of your life . We gave you unconditional grace and all you could do , was spit in our face . 
Well i'm look at you through the glass , Don't know how much time has passed , Oh god it feels like forever , But no one ever tells you that forever feels like home , sitting all alone inside your head . how do you feel ? that is the question i forget you don't expect an easy answer , when something like a soul becomes initialized , and folded up like paper dolls and little notes , you can't expect a bit of folks 
I was standing on the wall , Feeling ten feet tall , All you maggots smoking fags on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boulevard , This is my front < PROPFEMALE > , This is my new age , All you bitches put your hands in the air and wave them like you just don't care . All you maggots smoking fags out there on sunset boulevard . All you bitches put your hands in the air and wave them like you just don't care . 
Boring day ... 
LIAR ! KILLER ! DEMON ! Back to the river Aras ! Someone's blank stare deemed it warfare . LIAR ! KILLER ! DEMON ! Back to the river Aras ! Freeeeeeeeeeeeedom , Freeeeeeeeeeeedom , We're freeeeeeeee , we're freeeeeeeeee 
Everyone hates me , so fuck it . Blood's on my face and my hands and , i don't know why . I'm not afraid to cry but , thats none of your business ! Whose life is it ? Get it ? see it ? Feel it ? Eat it ? Spin it around , so i can spit it in your face . I wanna leave without a trace , cause i don't want to die in this place ! PEOPLE = SHIT ! PEOPLE = SHIT ! PEOPLE = SHIT ! PEOPLE = SHIT ! 
The true believer's head was bathed in sunlight . While you were walking all detached , so tell us . Where you going , To the bottom , Do you hear us , We are rotting . We're going down in a spiral to the ground , No one , No one's gonna save us now , Not even God , No one saved us . No one is gonna save us . Where do you expect us to go when the bombs fall ? Where do you expect us to go when the bombs fall ? 
Forfeit the game , before someone else takes you out of the frame and , puts your name to shame . Cover up your face , you can't run a race , the pace is just to fast , you just won't last . You love the way , I look at you while taking pleasure in the awful things you put me through . You take away if i give in . My life , My pride is broken ! 
Wow .. I'm so bored , I'm considering reading a book to entertain myself ... 
She lights a candle but , she doesn't know why . She wants to save me but , I'm barely alive . My soul is thirsty , I just wanna get high . Make her go away . Now i'm hitting the walls and , she begs me to quit , And she drags me to church but , I'm scared to commit . And I'm losing my mind , cause she hides all my shit , She won't go away ! 
Crack pipes , needles , PCP and fast cars . Kind of mix really well in a dead movie < PROPFEMALE > . If i feel like talking I never be wrong , If i feel like walking you best come along . I close my windows , crank the heat up high , til my palms are wet and my tounge is dry . I'm looking for a mother to get me high , just a stupid motherfucker if i die , die . 
I'm a midnight Fist fight , looking for a mother that will get me high , Just a stupid motherfucker if i die , die . 
She wants nothing more but , to be a little whore . He wants nothing less but , to wear a little dress . she's like heroin ! sipping through a little glass . I'm looking for some help , I need someone to make some cash , selling , ass . 
I want to fight someone 
Such a lonely day and it's mine . 
It's still Halloween for me ... Fuck Christmas . 
facebook on xbox .. cool 
All I asked for christmas was a Ak-47 that could shoot beams of ionized plasma at innocent people and , I didn't get one ! DAMN YOU < PROPFEMALE > ! DAMN YOU TO HELL !! 
great day , snowboarding tomorrow . life is good . 
new years < PROPFEMALE > is going to be the shit 
Research poll ; 48% disapprove Obama . And everyone thought Bush was bad ... Fucking retards ... 
Dear 2010 , you were by far the worse year in my life . Except haunted mines , that was good . But anyways fuck you 2010 . I'm making 2011 MY bitch . 
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled today ... This is going to be fun . 
Ouch , my mouth hurts a lot :( . This sucks 
Did you know getting angry at every little thing is a sign of poor brain function ? Yeah It's called ImALitttleMoodyBitch syndrome . Brain cells don't properly communicate with your frontal cortex thus causing stupidity and a < PROPFEMALE > to make everyone around you miserable . 
Don't text me , i don't have unlimited . I know gay but , 20 cents per text is even gayer 
New 47 ' TV ! Fuck yes ! 
Everyone's eyes are blue and everyone's mouth is dry and nobody wants to die , In < PROPFIRST > Nuys . 
Sigh ... 
I see , you're a < PROPMALE > who's been dethroned . Casted out in a world you've never known . Stand down , place your weapons by your side . It's our war in the end , we'll surely lose , but that's alright . 
Rain ... Wtf ? 
Can't open messages in Facebook ... Stupid 
Watch the sun play in your hair , and I couldn't really care , care any less about you ! FUCK ! All your false beauty , It wasn't transparent like your smile , LIAR ! Your thorns caress my flesh , Crimson drops on a snowy field , LIAR ! I've watched you retrogress , I've seen what you've become , LIAR ! Please take your eyes off of me , It's funny how fast blue eyes fade to grey , LIAR ! 
Playing all the old Duke Nukem games 
Uummmmm .... It's < PROPFEMALE > but , it's snowing . God damn Colorado . 
I am not your rolling wheels , I am the highway . I am not your carpet ride , I am SKY ! I am not your blowing wind ! I am the lightning ! I am not your autumn < PROPFEMALE > , I am th the night ... 
And on my death bed , I will prey . To the gods and angels , like a pegan , to anyone who will take me to heaven . To a place . i would recall . I was there so long ago , the sky was bruised . The world was black . And there you led me on . In your house , I long to be . Room by room , patiently . I'll wait for you there , Like a stone ! I'll wait for you there , alone ... 
Topless hookah party , oh yeah haha . Goodnight losers 
The sun will set for you . And the shadow of the day , will embrace the world in grey , and the sun will set for you . 
I need a job ... Apparently the hooker industry isn't doing so well . 
For the first time , in a long time ... I feel muy bueno ! 
Check out my ceramic artwork album ! I like criticism . 
Can only see myself , is anybody here ? \ 
If you could be myself , You'd understand me clear\ 
And if i die today , It would take my pain away\ 
cause it's flooding and I'm drowning and it's liberating me \ 
It keeps on raining in my mind\ 
Another storm another day \ 
These little pills won't change my mind\ 
Cause they don't make it go away 
Bed time , after i eat more chilli . 
I talk to Satan , me and him made finger paintings together . We also made kite and flew it in the park :D . He's real name is Lucifer assholes ! He would also appreciate it if you would address him as your dark lord and master . OBEY HIM ! 
Quit your bitching and fight your way through it . 
I think hell froze over . 
Went snowmobiling , I really need a snowmobile now . 
Became OVER ! and OVER ! a slave .. 
I'll walk , dead or alive , I'll waste my time whenever i like , I'm feeling okay , with my whiskey hangover . 
Far away in this land i must go , out of sight of the One . A punishment sent from his hands , a hardship that no one should know . Now go out of sight of the One , away in this land you must go . 
Finally ... a job interview . 
Low like the grasses , low like po folks on gratiot . I'm so below the casket , ragged pulse up the maggots . why do i feel this illness , i'm looking for something to come and kill this a little bit . I got my head in the hills cause the real shit is , momma is suffering taking pills with the stillness . And i can feel it , i can't shake it , in any case my space is the basement , i can't erase my embrace of encasement . 
Theres only one way to settle this ... MORTAL KOMBAT !!!!! 
I know you like to think your shit don't stank but , < PROPFEMALE > a little bit closer seeing , roses really smell like po po po . 
Finally off jos ... I know what i want to do . 
I have a physical reaction to boredom . 
Theres only 2 things I have in this world , my balls and my word . And I do not break them for anyone . 
Can't wait for system of a down ... 
Of all the horrible shit people do to each other , you tell me there's a god ? Get fucking real . 
By the time you come home , I'm already stoned ! You turn off the TV and you scream at me ! I can hardly wait till you get off my case . No matter how hard i try , You're never satisfied ! This not a home , i think I'm better off alone . You always disappear , even when you're here . This is not my home , I think I'm better off alone . This house is not a home ... 
Overdosed on stress . 
Finally back from Arizona . 
Don't waste your time on me , your already the voice inside my head . 
Shots and a gas mask . That is my plan today . 
Let's the panic bloom , could help us all end up in the clear ? Then the let the havoc choose to shape us all , push us to invite . We can feed off shame all day ! 
I'm sorry Ms. < PROPMALE > but , I am for real ! Never meant to make your daughter cry , I apologize a trillion times . 
Ravin Today 
Yesterday was awesome . 
Osama bin laden is dead 
Should of done something , but I've done it enough . By the way , your hands were shaking . Rather waste my time with you , waste my time with you . 
Oh my god .. there is nothing to do .... 
Your halo is slipping down ... Your halo is slipping down ... your halo is slipping down , around your neck and tug you to the ground . 
Damn ... I wish i was a rock < PROPFEMALE > 
Didn't know figuring out what i want to do with the rest of my life would be so difficult . 
Good day . 
ShotS ! Time 
All day I dream about sex 
13 hours and 30 mins ... 
Got a job , yay 
System of a down today ! 14 more hours 
Wow ... I have work in 3 hours and i can't sleep . 
Yay , did not pass out at work and for some reason I'm not tired 
Only if life was always a party 
Wait , they don't love you like I love you . 
Damn .... I'm going to be very busy this summer . 
Sometimes I believe there's a higher power working against me . What a bastard . 
These days are strange , it's true . There's not a thing i would change , no mistakes that i'd undo . 
These days are strange , it's true . There's not a thing i would change , no mistakes that I'd undo . 
Cause I'm in too deep and I'm trying to keep . Up above in my head , instead of going under again . 
It kind of feels surreal that i actually have money now . 
I had a fun day 
Everybody got a secret , can you tell me what is mine ? Can you tell me what you'll find , I'll tell if you keep it , I promise not to lie . Well I have the fears , the pain and the tears , I just can't hide . It all disappears , cause everything passes with the time . All you need is a reason to believe 
Why should I care . 
I feel fat and happy . 
What's my greatest fear ? Living a boring life . 
Well I got 2 weeks to work with ... Totally not enthused about moving back but oh well . So lets drink up ! 
IM DRUNK ! and little bored 
I just can't stop smiling !!!!! hahaha\ 
' 
Fuck you . 
So .. Tired .. 
Wow I'm only sleeping 5 hours a day , wth . 
If you keep running away now ... If keep running , I wonder . Will you know my name ? 
Well it's been a badass past 3 months but , the party will still continue . 
Back home . 
Forever is a long long time , when you've lost your way . 
Got my flowlights bitches 
We party everyday motherfuckers ! 
What does being alive mean to you ? 
I feel like causing trouble today . 
so tired ... 
I hate working but god damn i love the money ! I have a love and hate relationship with just about everyone and everything . 
Some how I found , a way to get lost in you . Let me inside ! Let me get close to you . Change your mind , I'll get lost if you want me to . 
Never get caught with your pants around your ankles . Best advice for life . 
Normally it's not like me but , I feel like sitting in the pool of rage . 
Gonna find this kid , gonna find this kid , gonna break his neck , gonna break his neck , then rip him open and play in his guts . 
All these things about me , you never can tell . 
What a most excellent day to be alive . 
Learning to talk again , I believe I've waited long enough . 
Why do Mondays always suck ? 
I hate my parents . 
I'm fucking losing it again . 
Another day ... Let's kick some ass today . 
I run this city , run this city , I run this city , right and gritty . 
If I hear you saying something about me , to the left , I've got my friends and they're ready to swing , to the back , I've got my army and they're as big as the sea . 
Hanging around , downtown by myself and I had so much time to sit and think about myself and there she was , like double < PROPFEMALE > pie , yeah there she was like disco lemonade . I smell sex and < PROPFEMALE > here , who's that lounging in my chair , Who's that casting devious stares in my direction . Mama this surely is a dream . Yeah mama this surely is a dream . 
God , I wish I was alive in the 1940's , I would fuck some Nazi shit up ! 
I love rum . 
The thought of you gives me a headache . 
Need ... to .. rave ! 
I'm a little tea pot . 
Flowlights are coming today YAY ! 
I think it's time for some change . 
Right back what is wrong , We move along .. 
Where the hell is my underwear !? 
My back is in agony , time to lay in bed all day . 
You're cold with disappointment , while I'm drowning in the next room . The last contagious victim of the plague between us , I'm sick with apprehension , I'm crippled from exhaustion . And I dread the moment when you finally come to kill me . 
Dreams ... either bring you great joy and pure bliss or , horror and painful sorrow . 
Bust a move ! 
9 more days til school , I had a badass summer . 
Charge the gates ! With rust on their gear ! they seek destruction and kill the function . 
Happy endings . 
Sunset in July .. Rockers by my side and time is flying by . ba da bop dop da < PROPFIRST > yeh . Watching you dance and having the time of your life and it's getting me high , Time is flying by , whoa oh oh oh . 
fu .. cking ..... In . ter ... net . fuck ! 
My brain ... It hurts ... 
There's a party in my pants and you're invited ... Yup 
Cougars have snacks ! 
School done . Nap time now . Work later . Sleep . Work in the morning . Birthday rave . my weekend has been set in stone . 
I'll write you , just to let you know .. that I'm alright ! Can't say I'm sad to see you ... Go ! Cause I'm not , no I'm not .. Well I'm not , no I'm not , I'M NOT .. I'M .. NOT . 
Some things I'll never know , and I had to let them go . Some things I'll never know , and I had to let them go . I'm sitting all alone , feeling empty . I can feel the pressure ! It's get closer now ! We're better off without you . 
I'm not so naive , my sorry eyes can see . The way you fight shy of almost everything . Well , if you give up ! You'll get what you deserve ! 
School . work . school . work . school . work . I hate my life lol . 
12 hours of sleep and I'm still tired .. WTF ! 
Just watch as my wildest dreams come true , not one of them involving you . 
I need to get the hell out of Colorado 
I need help with math ... What ? Is it wrong for a asian to suck at math ? Fuck you ! 
You don't have to believe me . But the way I , way I see it . Next time you point a finger , I might have to bend it back and Break it ! Break it off ! Next time you point a finger , I'll point you to a mirror . 
Oh facebook .. How I love to waste my precious time with you ... 
Gin in the morning , good day already . 
And the worst part is , before it gets any better , we're heading for a < PROPMALE > . In the free fall I will realize , I'm better off , when i hit the bottom ! 
Off ... Nap time ... 
Explain to me , this conspiracy against me ! And tell me how , I've lost my powers ! 
You know what really pisses me off ? You . 
Drive until you lose the road or break with the ones you followed . 
I sing like a angel BUT DANCE ! Like the devil ! 
HHmmm .. What a bitch . 
Well yeah yeah you're just a mess , do all this big talking , let's see you walk it , yeah I said let's see you walk it . 
Interesting events today .. But it was a good day . 
Look to the past and remember a smile and may tonight I can breathe for awhile . I'm not in the scene , I think I'm falling asleep but then all it means is I'll always be dreaming of you . 
Screw school , I'm not going today . 
Bum bum bum bum bumbumbumbum bumbum bumbum bum bum bum 
Went hiking , now I'm bored as hell ... 
Where'd you go ? I miss you so . Seems like it's been forever since you've been gone . 
Rave Time . 
Girls in bikinis and dancing in gogo boots everywhere . Take me back ! 
Hhmm .. What a refreshing nap ! 
Totally ran a red light in front of a cop today . Didn't get pulled over . Smooth criminal .. Oh yeah ! 
I live and breathe partying ... Only if people could understand haha . 
Something about autumn .. Something wonderful 
Dude ... SHUT THE FUCK UP ! 
You know I'm a lot happier believing in something non-existence/fake rather having no faith at all ... But that's just me . 
I am your wildest dreams that will never come true . I'm the manifestation of your deepest desires . But you can't reach me . 
I'm a genius . Screw you all . 
Dreams are all that I can feel . 
And I'm getting bored awaiting around for you . We're not getting any younger . And I won't look back cause there's no use . It's time to move forward . I feel no Sympathy . 
Let the flames begin . 
I'm as bright as the sun . I burn up all that I choose . 
It's taking up our time again . Go back , We can't , go back at all . \ 
It's taking up our time again . Go back , We can't , go back at all ! \ 
It's taking up our time , taking up our time ... 
Looking back ... Things seem that they were predestined to happen . Or I'm just crazy . 
I'm content with dreaming the rest of my life away . 
I'm bored as hell . Why does this always happen ? 
I forgot how much I love my extended family . 
You can't buy me love but , I'll kick your ass for free . 
Anarchy is liberation . 
