2009's ups and down : Mom had knee surgery , local businesses downsized , my sister lost her job , my nephew went to Afghanistan . But on the up side : I have a new great nephew Nahum < PROPFIRST > born Oct . 25 , my nephew < PROPMALE > and family moved back here from Wisconsin , I still have my job , Mom's surgery went well , < PROPFEMALE > begins a new job in 2010 , and my nephew < PROPFIRST > will be coming home in 2010 too . Happy New Year's Everyone ! 

Bummer ! WVU lost . :( Let's hope for a better outcome for the Buckeyes ! 
just had a house full of family over today . Sister < PROPFEMALE > and her significant other < PROPMALE > and her kids < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , their sister < PROPFEMALE > and Em's fiance < PROPFIRST > . My nephew < PROPMALE > and his daughter < PROPFEMALE > also stopped by . 
Start the New Year on a Postitive . Choose to be look at the good in people , the positive in situations , the growth from challenges in our lives and pray for those still surrounded by darkness . If you keep your light bright and burning . It will show others the way . 
Gotta work on craft ideas for VBS . Got any ideas to help teach the 10 commandments , Please share . Going with a train them this year . 
I'm so psyched about VBS this year . I found a train pattern I can use and got some boxes to make a train for the stage area . Now all I need is the time to put it together . Help spread the word VBS at Norwood United Methodist ages 3-12 , July 27-31 6:25 pm-8 
Pastor < PROPMALE > Archer is back at Norwood United Methodist Church ( 3 Sundays a month ) His first sermon was today and it was a good one . Hope you can come hear one of his sermons . Worship service is at 9:30 am 
Finally got my car wash today . Just in time for the rains to come tonight . 
Spent the afternoon making a cardboard train today with my Extra Special , Extra Sweet , Very Talented and Super Smart neice . Thanks M ! 
Too tired to type tonight . 13-1/2 hours makes for a really long day . Maybe tomorrow . 
Today went much easier than Friday . It's hard to say good-bye to friends you have worked with for so many years . I just have to remind myself that nothing ever stays the same and that change can be a good thing . God sees the big picture and all we see is 
Don't forget the Williamstown Ice Cream Social is this Friday , July 17 !! Great chili dogs , dessert and of course ice cream !! 
I think my laptop needs a cup of java . It's acting slow , goofy and a little unresponsive . I guess even computers can have an off day . We'll try that chat again later < PROPFIRST > . Glad you didn't loose your job .! 
Ya'll stop by Norwood United Methodist Church ( Colegate & Oakwood Sts ) to meet our new ( returning ) Pastor ... < PROPMALE > Archer and his very terrific wife < PROPFIRST > . Picnic starts at 4 p.m. Should have music , food and some games too . Hey Em , Hope you ( Maybe < PROPFIRST > too ) 
Thought for the day : You can't see where you're going , if you're always looking back . 
Thought for the day : Most food that isn't healthy tastes terrific ( ie : ice cream , cheesecake chocolate , nachos , fries , cheeseburgers ) . Does this mean skinny people enjoy yucky food or lack taste buds ( brussel sprouts , tofu , unbuttered , unsalted popcorn , s 
Finishing up some VBS crafts today with my niece Em and sister < PROPFEMALE > . Hope we get a good turn out . 
Thought for the day : If smiles are free and easier to do than frowning , why don't we smile more ? 
These quizes are almost as fun as asking an \Eight Ball\ " if I'll get a raise at work this week . Response is usually \ " Outlook fuzzy try again\ " LOL Does anyone even remember the \ " eight ball \"?" 
Another long day at work ( 14 hours ) Ugh !. And another long day lies ahead tomorrow . Double Ugh ! Need to hit the shower and then my bed . Night all ! 
Another long day . Hoping tomorrow is shorter , but still have a lot to do considering next week is VBS at church and I'm also helping with a funeral dinner . Hi-ho , Hi-Ho ! 
Attention Face book friends . Face book has agreed to let 3rd party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on settings ( by the logout link , on the right , top < PROPFEMALE > ) select privacy then newsfeed and wall then facebook ads . then 
It's been yet another loooong day , but I did bake two pies ( < PROPFEMALE > ) after getting home about 9:30 tonight . Now its time for beddy-bye . 
Rain may make flowers and crops grow , but it makes me tired and sleepy . Of course working all morning and early afternoon on a funeral dinner may have had something to do with it . HA ! Time to work on the slide screen data for church . < PROPFIRST > and Glo are comi 
Day 2 of VBS and what fun we had . My niece < PROPFEMALE > is helping me with crafts and my niece < PROPFEMALE > is a group leader and my nephew < PROPFIRST > is assisting with games . My sister < PROPFEMALE > is another group leader and my mom is registering kids . I also have one great neph 
Went to < PROPFEMALE > Fabrics today and ran into my good old friend < PROPFEMALE > Bauerbach Hendershot < PROPFIRST > and two of her four kids . What a great surprise . 
VBS tonight at Norwood United Methodist Church . Starts at 23 Colegate Drive . Teaching Commandments 5 and 6 . Yeah !! 
VBS is wearing me out . Whoa ! Are the preschoolers full of energy this year . And the snacks really aren't that sugary . Weird ? Maybe I'll double up on my vitamins tomorrow . 
< PROPFIRST > ( our poodle , schnauzer , carrin terrier mix ) is not feeling well and Gma took him to the vets . My two great nieces aren't feeling well either . Need prayers for all three . 
Gotta bake cookies for VBS finale ... maybe chocolate chip or snickerdoodles 
Our dog \Toby\ " Pancreatitis has flared up again . Very dangerous . If we can't straighten him up here at home . He'll have a long stay at the Vets or worse . Praying he doesn't get worse . " 
< PROPFEMALE > went to MMH to visit a friend only to find she had been sent home . YEAH !! What great news . Now she's going to relax this afternoon after a week of VBS and doing laundry all day Saturday ( < PROPFEMALE > ) But it's all good , cause that mean we all have clean clot 
My brain is drained tonight . Don't even have a clever Thought for the day to write . But to keep with my positive them this week . Tomorrow is always an opportunity for improvement . 
Thought for the Day : Stop worrying about tomorrow - today is enough to take care of . 
Had Chipotle Chicken tonight . Man was it hot ! My tongue is still numb . Some might say that's a good thing . Thank goodness all I need to do is type on FB . Thought for the day : wonder if anyone ever died from being a taste tester ? 
Just shot new pix of < PROPFIRST > for his FB . Can't wait to see which one he picks . The poor baby is having his toes operated on tomorrow . Pray for him . < PROPFIRST > may be 16 and 6 feet tall , but he'll always be my \wittle < PROPFIRST >\" to me . I wuv all my nieces and nephews ( great ones too ) . " 
Really craving chocolate tonight . Must have ice cream ! Preferably Chocolate with chocolate chunks and chocolate hot fudge sauce . Now where to find such a dessert ? 
OR jamocha almond fudge sounds even better with hot fudge sauce ! hmmm but where ? 
Just said good-bye to me nephew < PROPFIRST > and niece Glo as they head back home to Stausburg . Miss ' em already . 
Just finished the data screen for church , time to tackle the laundry and vacuuming - Woohoo what fun ! Where's < PROPFEMALE>'s brownies when I need them . 
Got my great niece coming to Sunday School and Church tomorrow . Yeah ! 
Played Apple Scrabble with < PROPFEMALE > , Mom and < PROPFEMALE > . Then made western omelet scramble for my Mom and sister < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Well it's official - my sister < PROPFEMALE>'s dog apparently doesn't like doggie beds . Gma bought him one so he would leave < PROPFIRST>'s alone and he's chewed a hole in it twice now . Goofy dog . 
I must be getting old . I come home tired , go to bed earlier and wake just as tired as I went to bed . blah !!! 
Had problems with my printer connection tonight and thank goodness my Family IT guru was only a phone call away ! Super < PROPFIRST > to the rescue AGAIN !! Gotta love those tech heroes ! 
Nothing exciting today . Laundry , uploaded the data screen slide info , prepared a Sunday school lesson for tomorrow . Sometimes quiet days can be good for your mind , body and soul . Don't forget to go to church and tell your Father thanks for all the little things you take for granted . 
Mom is finishing up her stew . Smells yummy . She's a heck of a cook for 80 years young ! Cornbread and beef stew . mmm ! mmm ! 
Too tire to type any more tonight . It's a ibuprofen and chocolate night . Unfortunately all I have is the ibuprofen . LOL Night all . 
Another loooong day at work and going in tomorrow too . Hope I get a lot done , cause there's an awful lot left to do for PiggyView . Would like prayers for my nephew < PROPFIRST > Dye , the 447th - and all the men & women in the US military . Their families could use some prayers as well . God bless them all - keep them safe and protect them . Strengthen them mentally , physically and especially spiritually - Amen ! 
Busy , but productive day . Built ads in AM , took a much needed cookie baking break at church , back to office to build more ads , took the family out to dinner , typed up the church worship data slides while my sister found me some stuff to help teach my Sunday School class tomorrow . All my days should be so productive . Unfortunately , I'm so exhausted from the rest of the week , I'm too tired to appreciate it . 
Anyone interested in volleyball ? Our church is trying to start up a weekly indoor fellowship volleyball : It will be Wednesdays at 8:00 -10ish pm at Norwood Church on Colegate . Anyone is welcome . We need people . 
Thought for the day . Friends may not make a hard job easier , but they do make a hard job a lot more tolerable . 
Got home before 8 p.m. tonight . Yea ! Reminder to all that school is starting up again tomorrow ... DRIVE MORE CAREFULLY than normal . First day of school is exciting for little ones , causing them not to use their heads . So use yours instead . 
Why is it the hardest lessons in life come when you least expect them and usually when you're the most tired , stressed or pressed for time ? 
Thought for the day . Even though the economy is tough right now , remember the best things in life are still free ... smiles , hugs , laughter , friendship , and prayer . Take advantage and do them often . 
Gotta find a place to do my auto safety inspection tomorrow morning . You would think this would be easy , but it's not . I'll probably have to go to Vienna or Parkersburg . Personally I think the whole inspection thing is just ANOTHER way to rip off the West Virginian residents . 
Got my auto safety inspection sticker this morning . Yayoo !!! Now I'm good for another year . Yippee ! They actually found something wrong with my car , so maybe the inspection thing isn't as bad as I thought . Needed a brake light replaced . Can't see those when you're driving . 
Chinese food tonight . Yum-Yum . Triple Delight with egg rolls . Had to eat it alone though cause I didn't get home til 9 p.m. and my family had already eaten by then . I'm having to eat alone a lot these days . ( how sad , but at least I have food to eat , a job to go to and a home to go to at night . ) Life's good . God bless ya'll and good nite . 
Cleaning day today vacuuming , mopping , laundry ... it's a dirty job , but somebody has to clean it up . Smells like it's going to be a loaded up baked potato night . 
My eight-year-old great niece < PROPFEMALE > and maybe her 3-year sister ( < PROPFEMALE > ) are coming to church tomorrow ! Yeah ! And they're staying for Sunday School . That means I get to teach little ones again . Double Yeah ! 
< PROPFIRST > your calendars September 27th Norwood UMC is having a Family Fun Night . Look for Corn Hole , Hillbilly Golf and Chair Beachball Volleyball ( and of course food ) Should be fun . Bring your friends . 
Family Day at the old homestead . Two great-nieces , one great nephew , one niece and one niece-in-law Mom , sis and me . Sound like a pizza , pizza lunch for sure . 
Chatting online with family is nice , but hugging them is nicer . Wish this FB could send a hug as well as a smiling face . At least it allows us to share videos and pix , hear their voices and see their faces . Guess that's better than not hearing or seeing them at all . 
Volleyball this Wednesday at 8 pm at Norwood United Methodist Church ( corner of Oakwood Ave . and Colegate Drive ) if anyone is interested . 
Volleyball was a hoot . Need more players . Wednesdays at 8 pm . Come on ya'll if I can do it ( and I haven't played in about 20 years ) . I know some you others can . Hey < PROPFIRST > Woods , your OLDER BROTHER < PROPMALE > played and is pretty good too . 
Trying to teach my older sister how to use the FB Wall . Even though I'm tired and want to go to bed . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . We are only as strong as the weakest among us . . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
Family feuding really brings me down . Drains the energy right out of ones soul . And money is such a stupid thing to fight about . We are on this Earth for such a short time . It's too bad we put such significance on pieces of paper . But it's those stupid pieces of paper that put a roof over our heads , food in our bellies and heat in our homes . But those stupid pieces of paper will never make us truly happy . 
KLOVE 91.3 FM ( Belpre ) - great christian music station . Very uplifting music and christian advice/ministry . Worth a listen , even if it's for a hour or two a day . They have stations all over though , possibly near a town near you . 
First time in 28 years I haven't worked at the Fair . Yahoo ! Got to catch up on some badly needed sleep and rest , as my migraines are becoming more frequent and lasting longer each time . Boy , I hate those things . 
Played Volleyball tonight with my nieces and < PROPFIRST > \the spiker\ " Long . Need more players . Wednesdays at 8 p.m. It's good fun and exercise too . Norwood United Methodist Church . You don't have to be a member to play . " 
Life's path is never straight and that's no accident . It's so we can't see what lies ahead of us around a bend or over a hill . That makes our journey more interesting , challenging and full of surprises ( some good , others not ) all of them events to learn from , grow from and teach from . 
Had a lazy sleep-in day today . Needed the rest more than I thought . Maybe I'll bake some cookies tomorrow . Need to get this mop on my head trimmed up some time soon !! 
time to start thinking about what to fix for dinner . Hmm maybe omelets . 
Sometimes I think some children just grow into bigger children with bigger , more expensive needs !! And no matter how many times you cut the apron strings , they just keep hanging on . 
Getting my hair cut tomorrow . Yeah . Maybe I'll be able to see the computer screen again without squinting through my bangs . 
love my haircut and am looking forward to sleeping in 
off to a Baby Shower for < PROPFEMALE > . Later 
< PROPFEMALE > and her siblings and their Grandma just left to get their pictures taken Hope everyone smiles pretty . 
My great niece < PROPFEMALE > will be cheering at her first home game Sunday at 4pm Not sure who the Puntma Devils are playing , but should be fun . She has a soccer game earier in the day , but I won't be able to make that one . 
Back from dinner at The Galley . Now its Apples to Apples time or what if . 
What's up with young people quoting music lyrics on FB ?? Not sure the significance of this or what it's supposed to mean . Anyway , need to finish the laundry and start something for dinner . Better check the freezer . Although I'm thinking < PROPMALE > and Cheese ( the old fashion kind you bake - not the blue box ) . 
Family Fun Night at Norwood United Methodist Church - this Sunday at 6 pm Chair Volleyball , Corn Hole , Hillbilly Golf , Munchies and more . Y'all come ! 
< PROPFIRST > is coming with my great nieces for a visit yeah . Mom made some cookies for tomorrow's Family Fun Night at Norwood United Methodist Church - 6 pm , but I'm pretty sure the girls will get to preview them tonight , 
Rainy days always make me sleepy . Why is that . Still I got a lot done . 
Just finished playing chair volleyball . What FUN !! Great Fellowship ! 
This is great Chili and Cornbread weather . Hint Hint Mom ! By the my sis surprised me tonight and fixed dinner . And she didn't burn the rice . Well done Pastor < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well Dances with the < PROPFEMALE > is on . Catch ya tomorrow . Love that Snowboarder Dude and of course < PROPMALE > Hough . Ozzie's daughter isn't bad either . 
I love the fall ... crisp morning ... colorful foliage ... football games ... candy corn ... jack-o-lanterns ... apple cider & donuts ... ghost stories ... trick or treat ... chili and cornbread ... scarecrows ... Octoberfests ... polka music ... I mean who doesn't like polka music ?!! 
If we could see each other as God does , we would truly be ashamed of the way we talk and treat one another . We can't see what goes on inside the heart the soul and the mind ... but God can . And PRAISE THE LORD HE LOVES US REGARDLESS OF OUR SHORTCOMINGS ! 
Waaay passed my bedtime - need to get on this FB earlier in the evenning . Gnite-all ! 
I think Halloween came early , because grimlins have washed out my FB wall . Wierd !! 
Missed < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game :( But she's cheering at a football game later today . Maybe I can catch it . 
Missed my niece < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game :( but she's cheering at a football game later today , perhaps I can cathc it . My nephew Zach and his auntie went around the neighborhood and sold < PROPFEMALE > bars for 4H . He sold a whole box today . What a pitchman he turned out to be . 
< PROPFIRST > Diehl gets all his \Most Excellent\ " cooking skills from his Gma Dye - bet you thought I was going to say me ... didn't yo ?!! LOL " 
Tough day at work . I knew it would be yucky before I got to work this morning because < PROPMALE > Horton's ran out of my oatmeal , so I had to settle for a muffin . Each time that's happened ( 4 ) The day just get progressively downhill . Thank the Good Lord that each day only has 24 hours and tomorrows start a new fresh day . 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > strained her back and needs some healing prayers . 
Fall seems to be the season of ups and downs . May other seasons have them too , but I notice them more in the fall . 
Meeting up with some friend from my OU days tomorrow . Can't wait to catch up . YEAH !!! 
My nephew < PROPFIRST > will be coming down tomorrow for MHS homecoming dance on Sat . He's got himself the threads , the ride , some friends and the right attitude - to have some fun . Drive safely . 
Taking a day off and am supposed to clean up my car for my nephew to use . but IDK . It's cold outside . Maybe not . 
< PROPFIRST > arrived safe and sound . Showed us his white suit and spat shoes . He's gonna look good for homecoming ! Now if he just doesn't spill anything on it . LOL 
Gotta quit playing these stupid games . They're addictive and too much eye strain . Long day tomorrow . Time for bed . Good Luck tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > . 
Been a busy weekend . Thanks Em , Mom and < PROPFEMALE > for helping me with \SS\ " this week . Couldn't have done it without y'all . " 
I'm a great aunt again . My nephew < PROPFIRST > and his wife < PROPFEMALE > had their second son Sunday , October 25th . Nahum < PROPFIRST > Dye weighed in at 8 lbs . 4 oz . Mom and baby are doing well and Daddy got to hear his son cry via telephone while his is in Afghanistan . 
If you dont like the new FB , here is how you can revert . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then click & drag STATUS UPDATES to the top of that same column . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default when you click \Home \"." 
It's been an exhaustive past two weeks . Glad my coworkers got a little breather , but will < PROPMALE > a lot happier when our dept . gets back to our complete , reduced laid-off < PROPFIRST > again . lol . 15 hours days are hard on this old girl . 
Happy Halloween Everybody ! Just finished helping serve our church's soup/sandwich lunch - it was a terrific craft show . Sorry the rain kept people away . Now it's off to finish the data screen for Sunday's worship service and prepare for the \trick or treaters \"" 
Long week , long day . time for a hot shower and bed . ( okay maybe a hot cocoa then bed ) 
Helped Em grade papers ( only fair since she helped me with Scary stories ) Now off to dinner at Dutch Pantry . yum . 
Short term goal : to love the Lord with all my heart , with all my soul , with all my mind , and with all my strength Long term goal : ditto ! 
Glass half full , glass half full , glass half full . I believe that if you allow it , being surrounded by negativity can actually suck the energy out of your soul . Days like today real put your faith to the test . Hopefully ( and with a lot of help from my Lord ) I passed . 
Friends are angels sent by God to comfort us when we are sad , to support us when we're weak , defend us when we are vulnerable , encourage us when we have doubts , listen to us when we need to vent , forgive us when we are stupid , and love us no matter what . Thank you , Lord for ALL of my angels ! 
Everything we do ... at church , at home , at school , and yes , even at work ... should be to glorify and honor God . He gave us all the talents we possess and we need to use them to reflect our gratitude . That's been helping me a lot this week . I have to keep reminding myself of that though - often !!! 
Pray for our soldiers both at home and abroad and their families - that God will protect them and keep them safe , keep them faithful , keep them from evil . Pray also that the light of Christ Jesus will shine into the hearts of the Talliban ( and all Muslims ) so they will realize that the Christian faith is based on love not hate , fear , power or greed . 
Em I almost tied you at scrabble tonight , so close , but no cigar . 
Raked up about 15 bags of leaves with my nephew and his family yesterday . Too bad Williamstown doesn't have curbside leaf pickup . Also helped my great nephew < PROPMALE > celebrate his 7 birthday today . Cake , ice cream and balloon animals and hats . 
Holiday stress is beginning early - at work , at church , at home . Just have to keep reminding myself the what the reason for the season is . I also need to start learning how to say \NO \"." 
Gotta come up with a song to teach the youth at church for Christmas , do a Sunday School Lesson Plan , Upload the Sunday Worship Service Slides and cut up some business cards for work . And I haven't had dinner yet . yeah ! 
Em and Zach came over today and we took advantage of the warm weather to put up the outside Christmas decorations . Em is an angel to put up with my short fuse when it comes to Christmas lights . Thanks EM !! You too Zach and for helping rake leaves too ! 
Look out back and can't believe all the leaves and my niece and great nephew just helped me bag up 2 bagfuls Sunday . Less than 24 hours and ... they'rrrr baaaack !! 
Dances with the Stars , pumpkin pie and hot chocolate with whipped cream . yum . later folks . Very productive day today . whahoo !! 
Busy Sunday . Went to church , taught children's church , taught Sunday school , took Mom and Zach to lunch , then went to Annual Charge Conference in Belpre . Now getting ready to eat . Need to rethink teaching methods in Sunday school ... ages vary too much 3-8 . 
Happy Thanksgiving y'all! If you want to volunteer or just don't want to spend Thanksgiving alone , stop by Norwood United Methodist Church tomorrow for a FREE Community Thanksgiving Dinner . Choose to help ( or not ) , but enjoy a great dinner and good fellowship . Remember to count your blessings and praise God for all He does for you - every day , 24/7 . Our God is an awesome God !! 
Thank you Lord for giving me all of my life's experiences - good and bad . They've made me a stronger , wiser , more understanding person and hopefully a a more faithful disciple of your son Jesus the Christ . Thank you for all the angels you surround me with - those i can't see and those disguised as my friends . You are an awesome God !! Amen . 
Another Community Thanksgiving Dinner over . Good Christians serving good food and fellowship . More than 200 deliveries/take-outs and about 200 eat-ins . Lots of hard work , but even MORE FUN !! 
My great-nieces , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , their Mom and Dad , my nephew < PROPFIRST > and my brother < PROPFIRST > are over for Thanksgiving Dinner #2 . More turkey and taters . and pumpkin and pecan pie ! Yummy !!! 
Love listening to Christmas Carols - traditional , secular , modern . Just the thing to put me in the Christmas spirit . So , Deck the Halls , Dream of a White Christamas , and Go tell it on a Mountain ( or wherever you live , lol ) Jesus Christ was born to Save Us All . 
what's your foundest Chrismtmas Memory ? Mine has to be the year my Dad and Mom got me my first actual sketch book and pack of pastel pencils and charcoals . It wasn't the items that touched me , as much as the thought of knowing they had notice my love of < PROPMALE > and believed in my talents - probably more than I did at the time . What's yours ? 
Gonna turn five youngsters into a nativity creche - not gonna be easy , but hopefully it will be fun . I know the kids are looking forward to it . 
Time for potato broccoli cheese soup , and crackers . 
Found some costumes for the kids , now I just need to get them to learn their song . 
Took a day off work and got my hair cut , went to the grocery store , ran into < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ( not literally ) , slipped and fell in the parking lot , fixed dinner for the family , and now as I'm typing on FB , I've realized I'm gonna be a little sore from the little slip at GG than I first thought . oh Mr. Advil ... 
I've got to stop taking days off . The first one I slipped and fell in a parking lot and on the second , I spent most of it in bed with some 24 hour bug . Glad I didn't take the whole week off . 
Thanks everybody !! YOU MADE MY DAY A LITTLE CHEERIER AND BRIGHTER !! 
Dress rehearsal with the kids this morning was insane !! Hope they do better for the real deal this coming Sunday , Dec . 20th . I have a angel who wants to play with the baby Jesus , and a Shepherd who forgot his sheep , a sheep who thinks he's a dog , and only 2 of the 6 kids have any clue what the words to the song are . It'll be entertaining if nothing else . 
Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or has had cancer ....... Dear God i pray for the cure of cancer ....... 93% won't copy or paste this ...... will you ? I did !!!!!!! 
Really needs to start bakin ' some Christmas cookees this week or theys just ain't gonna get done !! ( That was just for you Em . ) teehee !! Drives English teachers crazy when you don't use correct spelling and grammar . 
Gma & I finally got my nephew's boxes packed . Not sure they will get there by Christmas , but soldiers enjoy packages all year round . Right ? I on the other hand finally got my Christmas gifts wrapped . 
Made < PROPFEMALE > Nut Truffles tonight for our Cantata Sunday night at church . Already have some cookies for the Caroling . Need to start baking cookies for Christmas gifts now . Mom mixed up the dough today while I went to the grocery store for her . I loved decorating sugar cookies . ( Love eating them too) !! 
Surprisingly , the Kids program at church went off GREAT ! The angel stuck her tongue out at the shepherd and the sheep had a bout contrariness before they performed ..., but when they actually got up in front of everyone , they pulled it together and actually sang the song ! I was impressed . Thanks be to God for getting them to behave cause they never did it for me at rehearsals . lol 
' Twas 3 days before Christmas and what would you know ... ads are piling up and the servers are slow . The ad staff is grumpy cause lineage is down , even though they've been calling on businesses all over town . I choose to not let it ruin my good Christmas cheer , and pray the things will get better with the coming New Year ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all and to y'all , a good night ! 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it . God Bless those of you who can do it . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my FB friends 
Holidays are only as hectic as you let them be . 
Go Bobcats ... beat the Herd !! 
Whew ! 2 Christmas dinners in 2 days is too much ! Time to slow down and take a nap ! 
Yeah ! Steelers Won !! WhaHoo !! 
Took down the outside Christmas lights and is looking forward to the Buckeyes , WVU and Cincinnati play football Friday ! And maybe catch a glimpse of the Bobcats in the parade . 
wishes she could have the faith , trust and energy of her childhood for 2011 
Start your New Year with low expectations and work upward rather than setting your goal high and being disappointed ! 
Hump day tomorrow ... and during home hunters week , that's quite a hill to climb . Glad God blessed me with good people to work with . Makes the stress easier to handle . 
It's a PIZZA , PIZZA kinda night ! $5.00 buys dinner and two lunches with the leftover . What a deal ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this 
Roads are nasty . Stay home if you don't have to be out and about . Less traffic also helps the street crews work on the roads and I'll worry less if I know my friends are safe at home . :D 
blue polka-dots ! 
French Vanilla Cream 
silky raspberry 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
Don't let the cold weather dampen your spirits . Use this opportunity - play games as a family , clean out a closet , get organized ( tax day is coming ) , cook a family meal ( try out a new recipe ) , Make hot chocolate and popcorn and watch a movie together , read a book , write a friend , listen to your favorite tunes or be still and listen for God . 
Good day to bake something ... maybe some chocolate chip cookies ! or snickerdoodles . Both go good with hot chocolate . However gotta balance the checkbook and do laundry first . :-( 
Checkbook Balanced ! Laundry is Finished ! Snickerdoodles are baked !! Now for a late supper , some hot chocolate and the season premier of \Chuck\ " yeah !! " 
Lord , help pull your saints together . Help us work as one body , one mind , one heart through the strenghth , light and love of your son Jesus . 
I ran over my best friend's boyfriend in an elevator because I'm NOT Crazy . 
Lord be with all those who were affected by the earthquakes in Haiti . Guide and help those who are going to their aid . Move those who are not to help support those who are . And help all of to be truly thankful for all you have bless us with and protect us from . Help us to remember we're here to serve you and to serve others . Amen 
Took my mom and my sister , < PROPFEMALE > , to Applebee's for Mom's 81st Birthday ! She got a complimentary chocolate sundae , < PROPFIRST > to by an retired pastor and took a doggie bag of the dinner she couldn't finish . So tomorrow she'll have lunch too . Love my mommy ! 
Norwood United Methodist Church held it's first monthly Free Community Dinner tonight . Served over 70 spaghetti dinners . Hope to serve even more next month .. Ham & Bean Soup wtih cornbread . < PROPFIRST > your calendars for the third Friday of every month ( except Novemeber ) That's the Free Community Thanksgiving Dinner . If you need a meal or don't want to eat alone , come enjoy . If you want to help contact the church . 
This status is being tracked , the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour . Lets all do our bit to help 
Jealousy is a ugly , evil , untamable creature . Never let it enter your heart , because it will poison you ... mind , body and soul and is hard to cure . Thanks be to Jesus , our Lord is a forgiving and loving God ! 
If you get a < PROPMALE > to sit it out or dance ... DANCE !! 
The things < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. preached about and sacrificed for mean little if we don't put them into practice of our every day living . Remember looking backward never gets you anywhere . 
Aocdcrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 57% of plepoe can do it 
Sometimes we're so intent on being in the driver's seat of our lives , that we become more intent on the destination than the trip . If we would let God be our driver , we would enjoy the trip more . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status . 
\An open mind becomes a trash can if the owner doesn't have sense enough to sort what goes in it . \ " - < PROPMALE > Haas Copied this from my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Haas ' wall - great quote ! Just wanted to share it " 
My nephew and neice , < PROPFIRST > and Glo came down from Strausburg for an surprise visit . Played apples to apples and had lots of fun . :D Love them both . 
Finally got to start moving stuff back into my Sunday School Rooom . It's been painted and the floors cleaned , waxed and buffed and new curtains . Now to redecorate the walls and bulletin boards . 
it's amazing to me how many of my friends on FB have common friends with my other FB friends . weird . 
I need to plant a coffee bean bush OR I need to start drinking another caffeinated beverage with no calories and artificial sweetners . lol ( I wonder how many beans one bush yields . ) lol 
FACEBOOK RUNNING SLOW LATELY ? Go to \SETTINGS\ " and select \ " APPLICATION SETTINGS\ " . There you will find the \ " SHOW\ " drop-down box . CLICK on \ " ADDED TO PROFILE\ " . If you see one in there called \ " UN-NAMED APP\ " .... DELETE IT !!!! It's an internal spybot . Pass it on ! " 
Looking forward to the weekend . Hope it doesn't rain the whole time . Cold I can deal with , but cold and rain makes it tougher to keep the home flames burning bright ! And I always want my \little light\ " to shine bright every day . With God's help I will . :) " 
It's celebrity look-a-like week . Guess who I picked !!! Good likeness I think . :-) 
Gave our dog , < PROPFIRST > a bath tonight . Boy did he need it . Hopefully my sister and Mother will get off my back about it ... at least for a couple of weeks anyhow . 
Ho-hum , ho-hum , this day's been draggin ' on . Not much got done . It's cold and dull . ho-hum , ho-hum , ho-hum ! A cheery tune and Music always cheers me up ! 
If you could use just ONE WORD to define what you hope this year would mean for your life this year what would it be ? 
watching a scary movie \1408\ " weird . later " 
Just found out her sugar level is normal , her good cholesterol is up and her bad cholesterol is down and her blood pressure is staying where it's supposed to . Yeah !! Thank you Lord ! 
If we could see and hear ourselves as others do ... we would more careful with what we say and do . So think before you speak and look before you leap . 
Don't worry . Smile more , laugh often , be happy , tell people you care about \I LOVE YOU ! \ " You'll live longer ... or at least be less grumpy and miserable to be around . " 
Shoveled our sidewalk and my car out , even did my next door neighbor's sidewalk ... just in time for the city to send plows to block my car in again . yeah !! :( 
Doing laundry , played games with my family and now it's Superbowl time . Bring on the commercials . lol 
Okay adults . The kids have been praying for snow so they can get out of school . I say let us adults who have to go to work , shovel sidewalks , driveways and clean off our cars start praying for sunshine and warmer temps ( you know an early spring ) Come on WE CAN DO IT !!! 
Please Lord . I love the four seasons you provide us , but prefer seeing \Your Sun\ " a little more . " 
Every dark cloud has a silver lining ... we just have to know where to look . 
The weekend is feeling like coming up for air after be held under water by some tangled up seaweed . It feels good to be free and breath some easy . 
Help my mom bake cookies and made her and my niece Em some of my soon-to-be-famous blueberry oatmeal pancakes . yummy !! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day and if you have any doublts about who loves you ? Know that your heavenly Father loves your ... always and forever . 
Man , I've got to start double checking my typing on my post the typos are horrible . : ( Sorry !!! 
Went to make some brownies yesterday and forgot my mom put a tupperware container full of cookies in there to clear off the kitchen counter a little . Phew did that stink and make a mess when I preheated the oven without checking it first ... won't do that again !! 
Will this white stuff ever STOP !!!! 
Been in a real low funk all day today and having a little trouble shaking it off . Think I'll listen to some praise music on KLOVE , that always helps ! 
A Veteran is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to and including their life . That is honor . There are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . ( God bless the US Armed forces ! ) 
8 years ago my father passed away . I was just thinking how much has changed since then . I guess there are only two constants in this world . One is the that our lives will change . The other is that God is always there to help us deal with these changes - good and bad . Thank you Lord for being there even whent I didn't realize it . 
Memories are God's way of keeping us close to loved ones who passed away , friends who have moved away and our childhoods which have faded away . 
Why is it healthy food always give you gas ?? 
Busy month ahead at work . So much to do and no time to do it in . Man I wish the big wheels didn't hack our department in half . Don't know how we're gonna get the work done . HH , MACC , Reg . Bee , Design-An-Ad , Spring Sports , Progress , I-77 and TOH is coming soon too . Yee-haw March is stomping through like a den of LIONS !!! Hear em roar !! 
Oh Mr. Sandman , bring us some sand . Mixed with some cinders or some salt would be grand . We just need a little on the hills and the bridges . Just so we can make it home over the ridges . Mother Nature , we've had enough . Please let the sun come out and help melt all this stuff . It's not that we don't except a little flurries or snow , but it's been snowing for more than a month now ! Mr. Sandman bring us a plow ! 
Got the nicest neighbor down the street from us . He shoveled our walk , around my car and even my next door neighbors walk ... as well as his own . That's what's called random acts of kindness ... pay it forward . I know I plan to . : ) 
Trying to ween down the FB . Too much time spent in front of a computer at work to do the same when I get home . 
Visited with my niece and nephew from strasburg , made brownies and name cards for the regional < PROPFEMALE > and had a lot of fun . I miss having them around . 
This community has some really smart kids in it . And really nice too . If you don't believe me , you should come out and watch the Regional Spelling < PROPFEMALE > sometime . I was happily amazed this year . Great batch of spellers this year . Good Luck to our Regional Winner < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
A little chocolate makes any food taste better ... even turnips . :) 
Days are getting longer and yet it's still dark when I get up and dark when I come home . weird . 
Taking a vacation day tomorrow . Hope to get some Easter door prizes for an Easter < PROPFEMALE > breakfast my church Norwood United Methodist ( Colegate Dr. & Oakwood Ave . ) is having Sat ., April 3 ( Call 374-5606 for Reservations ) and then it's off to church to help fix the Free Community Dinner Friday , March 19th , 5-7 pm - Ham and escalloped potatoes . Busy . Busy . Busy . 
Life is a journey ... enjoy it ! 
Learn to focus on the positives in life ... every day and in all people . Everything and every body has got something good - focus on that . Today for instance was both busy and stressful ... but I got a lot done - a very Productive day - busy , but productive . Thanks be to God ! 
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > As for me ... I choose to be happy . 
Imagine being an overnight celebrity , loved and cheered by thousands . Then in just five short days these same people have you arrested , beaten , stripped , drove nails through your hands and feet and < PROPFEMALE > you out like a prize turkey - all so you could be forgiven of all your sins and shown how much God loves you . Isn't it about time to tell Him thank you . Visit your church this week . 
Prayers for < PROPFEMALE > ? --- God in heaven hear my prayer , Keep < PROPFEMALE > in thy loving care . Watch over her throughout the night , Keep her safe within your sight . Stay by her side in all she do , Bless all those who are praying and love her too . *** Please repost this so everyone can say a prayer for < PROPFEMALE > *** 
Getting ready for the Free Pancake Breakfast with the Easter < PROPFEMALE > at Norwood United Methodist Church , Saturday , Aprill 3rd , 8:30 - 10:30 am . No cost , but do need to reserve space , call 374-5606 and leave a message of how your name , many will be coming and ages of kids . 
West < PROPFEMALE > is in the final four !! How ' bout them eers !! 
Tomorrow at 7am please stop what you are doing and say a prayer . Doctors will be taking Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Nichols for her biopsy at this time . Please pray that the Lord will give these doctors wisdom and that the procedure will go well . Together we can pray towards a miracle for the sweet girl who has captured all of our hearts !! *** Please copy and re- post *** More details in Tuesday's < PROPFEMALE > Times . 
This is the time for healing and forgiveness ... for it is in forgiveness that we will find healing - mind , body and soul . Thank you Lord , Jesus for showing us the way . 
Going to bed early tonight . Gotta get up early tomorrow to help make pancakes for our Free \breakfast with the Easter < PROPFEMALE >\" meal at church . Pray all goes well and the Easter < PROPFEMALE > doesn't pass out from heat exhaustion . It's supposed to be 80 degrees tomorrow . What happen to Spring ?? We went from Winter directly into Summer . Weird . " 
Wonderful Pancake Breakfast with the Easter < PROPFEMALE > . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Dunaway , < PROPFEMALE > Diehl , < PROPFIRST > Hays , < PROPFEMALE > Rake , < PROPFIRST > Lumbatis , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and of course < PROPFIRST > Cottontail for making this breakfast extra special . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Watson for shooting these pictures . :) 
Forgiveness is key to beginning to loving others . You can't love others while holding a grudge . 
Nothing stirs up fb feedback more than postings of emotional , religious or political content . True in public conversation and true in written words . You can take it to the bank . 
Been a REALY LOOOONG day . Hoping tomorrow will be shorter . :) 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battles with cancer , and in honor and encouragement of the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . ? April is cancer awareness month ! However , the need is every day . 
Gave our < PROPFIRST > a bath ( He really needed one ) and still needs a groomer . The little guy really needs a trim . 
Some days just have too much drama in them . Should be a way to spread some of it out over the week . 
Ever watch geese fly ? Talk about teamwork . Even geese know that they need to switch gears and let others take the lead sometimes . We need to take a pointer from them and learn not to do everything ourselves . When we find ourselves facing strong headwinds or troubles , turn to friends and the Lord for relief . God never disappoints and is always ready to catch us when we fall . 
The tone used is sometimes as important as the words spoken . 
Keeping in touch electonically is good - keeping in touch personally is even better . Don't lose \touch\ " with friends and family - Let them know how much you love and care about them ... EVERY < PROPMALE > YOU GET . <3 " 
Dead battery , borrowed car , good friend , jump car , back home , fb connection to old OU < PROPMALE > . A typical day in the life . lol and tomorrow I get to do another one . Thanks be to God and thank goodness God loves me !! 
Say prayers for my great niece < PROPFEMALE > ( 3 ) and my great nephew < PROPFIRST > ( 3 ) both are having out patient surgery Friday . < PROPFEMALE > is having tubes put in her ears and < PROPFIRST > is having his adenoids removed . Also prayers for my friend < PROPFEMALE > who is staying with her mom who has alzheimers while her father is in the hospital with pnuemonia . 
is looking forward to a short visit from her nephew and niece - < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > from Strasburg . Who are kinda late getting here . So I pray they aren't having car problems . 
< PROPFIRST > Conant just installe a beautiful wall to raise up our flower bed in the backyard and fixed the bricks around our pear tree . Now I need to plant some flowers . :) However that'll have to wait til next weekend cause it's laundry day today . It was so much fun having < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > come visit . Wish they lived closer . I miss them . 
Looooong Week . I know I'm looking forward to a little rest this weekend and possibly plant some flowers in our new flower bed out back . Also - Need prayers for my great neice < PROPFEMALE > , 3 . She's got a bladder and kidney infection . 
My nephew < PROPFIRST > was invited to the Honors Banquet at his school in Strasburg for the second year in a row !! Congrats < PROPFIRST > . I'm so PROUD of him . :D 
Rainy days don't always get me down ... sometimes they offer me the opportunity look inside for things I need to work on . :) Spring cleaning my inner me . 
Got the flowers bought ... now if the weather cooperates ... maybe I'll get them planted Monday ! 
Over the last few weeks , I've come to realize what wonderful mommies my nieces , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are . All of them different , but so very much the same . All share the unique characteristic of putting their children first above anything else . Truly very loving mommies bringing up some very beautiful children . God bless y'all and here's praying all of my great-nieces & nephews start feeling better really soon . 
Getting psyched up to take Zumba classes !! Yeah ! 
Zumba Classes ( Latin Dancercize ) will be taught by < PROPFEMALE > Dunaway at Norwood United Methodist Church on Mondays from 5:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Only $5 a class and she will be offering punch cards for a discount to frequent students . Wear tennis shoes and comfortable clothes . Open to anyone who wants to have fun and get fit . Church is located at the corner of Colegate Drive and Oakwood Ave . 1 block up from Greene Street . 
Are you ready to Zumba ? 
Zumba Classes ( Latin Dancercize ) will be taught \ 
by < PROPFEMALE > Dunaway at Norwood United Methodist Church on Mondays from \ 
5:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Only $5 a class & she will be offering punch \ 
cards for a discount to frequent students . Wear tennis shoes & comfortable clothes . Open to anyone who wants to have fun & get fit . \ 
Church is located at the corner of Colegate Drive & Oakwood Ave . 1 \ 
block up from Greene Street . 
Happy Mother's Day !... to those women who spend more energy on their little ones than she does herself ... to the women who open their hearts and home to adopt a child ... to the women who take on the challlenge of being a big sister or < PROPMALE > mother ... to the women in changeup roles who are now caring for aging parents especially those with alzheimers . You are amazing ! 
Took my Mommy , sister , niece and two great nephews out for lunch today ! Families ... good times and bad ... gotta love ' em . I know I love mine !! :) 
Zumba class was a blast ! It's not too late to get in on the fun and fitness . Two classes now being offered . Mondays 5:30 pm- 6:30 pm and Thursdays ( starting May 20th ) 6:30 pm- 7:30 pm . $5.00 a class at Norwood United Methodist Church . Totally a blast ! 
Hey West Virginians don't forget to get and vote tomorrow Tues ., May 11th 
Managed to get to the polls before they closed ... my perfect voting record is still in tact ! 
Weird dinner tonight ... scrambled eggs and animal crackers . 
In need of prayers for a FB Friend friend'sdaughter\ 
Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Today , her 2 year old daughter wasdiagnosed\ 
with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don'tknow \ 
her , God knows ... Please post this to your profile for 1hour andsay a\ 
prayer for that little girl and give everyone you know theopportunity\ 
to do so .. Prayer is energy , Please re-post this so theprayer chain \ 
grows 
I like it under my desk or in the hallway . 
is glad it's Friday !!! It's been a tough week ... took my sister out for a belated Happy Birthday present . 
enjoyed most of an simply , ordinary , run-the-mill , didn't-get-much-done day . and you ? 
Made a D-licious 3-egg omelette for lunch today ... with sauteed onions , fresh mushrooms , fresh tomatoes , black olives , a little Mrs. Dash , black pepper , topped with fresh grated Romano cheese and shredded smoked Apple Cheddar cheese . 
ZUMBA LOVERS ( or those interested in Latin Dancercize ) . Remember there's a class at Norwood United Methodist Church tomorrow Monday , May 17 at 5:30 pm ; if you can't make the Monday night class ... there's a new Thursday class starting up on June 3rd at 6:30 pm only $5.00 a class . 
Be on the alert ... apparently strep throat is going around ... my sister < PROPFEMALE > picked up a bad case . She can hardly swallow . Prayers 
Lord , they called me for jury duty tomorrow . I pray I don't have to serve AND more importantly that I find a place to park where I won't get towed and the right governtment bldg . I get really lost in Parkersburg .... 
As of today , there is a NEW PRIVACY setting \ 
called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-Facebook \ 
No jury duty !!! Whahoo !! 
Free Community Dinner at Norwood United Methodist Church this Friday , May 21 . Chicken and Noodles over mashed potatoes and < PROPMALE > slaw . Any one may come and are more than welcome to enjoy a hot meal and good Christian fellowship . 
I consider ALL of my friends Angels on Earth . I don't believe in coincidences and firmily believe God helps guide us in life , so we can help each other when we need it most . 
If we all did something nice to three people tomorrow , they would be more inclined to pay it forward to three others and pretty soon everybody is doing good things for each other . I can only imagine ... 
check out Google Search < PROPFEMALE > . It pays homage to PacMac's 30th Anniversay . I Love PacMac ... what fun !! 
Wonder Community Dinner tonight at Norwood UMC . Served about 100 chicken noodle over mashed potatoes dinners . Love doing these free dinners . Wish I could help with them more ! 
Another great Zumba class . Next class meets thurs ., June 3 at 6:30 pm and Mon ., June 7 at 5:30 pm . Monday class won't meet on Memorial Day . 
Why is it easier to put weight on than to take it off . 
Waaaay too many finales on TV during Sweeps ... most of which could be done in half the time . 
God didn't put me on earth just to fulfill a to-do list . He's more interested in what I am than what I do . That's why we're called human beings , not human doings . Happy moments , PRAISE GOD . Difficult moments , SEEK GOD . Quiet moments , WORSHIP GOD . Painful moments , TRUST GOD . Every moment , THANK GOD . ~ from an interview with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , pastor and author of \A Purpose Driven Life \"" 
Wishing everyone a Wonderful Memorial Day Weekend . Remember to fly \Old Glory\ " with PRIDE & RESPECT this weekend . God bless all our soldiers - past and present . Please if you are driving this holiday weekend ... leave with enough time to get there without speeding ... USE your seatbelt ... Drive DEFENSIVELY ... and PLEASE DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE . " 
A USA military member is missing their family\ 
while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military\ 
members all over the world are saving lives . It's Military appreciation\ 
week .... Repost if you are in the Military , love a Military member , \ 
hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the Military !!! 
Had a wonderful visit with some of my nieces and nephews . Had lunch with all my sisters kids except < PROPFIRST > . We even ate at Applebees hoping he would be working ... but no luck . Love you all . 
My sincere thanks to our Men and Women in the Military past and present . My God bless you and your families and your sacrifices on mine and every US Citizen's behalf . 
? \Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our\ 
Don't forget Zumba Class ( Latin Dancerize ) tomorrow - Thurs ., June 3 at 6:30 pm at Norwood United Methodist Church . $5 a class . Instructor is < PROPFEMALE > Dunaway . 
Had fun at Zumba class tonight . Missed my nieces though :( 
Quite a storm we had last night . If you don't believe me check out my picture in Friday's < PROPFEMALE > Times ... it took out our tree in the backyard . bye-bye pear tree . 
Prayers needed for my niece < PROPFIRST > , who is having kidney stone problems ! 
ATTENTION those with small children !!!!!!!!!!! \ 
ALL and I mean ALL Children's Tylenol and Motrin was recalled . The \ 
concentrations are wrong and it has stuff in it that is causing \ 
intestinal problems !! If you have ANY in your cabinet throw it out . It \ 
isn't even available in stores ! Use an off brand like Equate . Refund : go\ 
to McNeil.com 
Lord please tame my temper and help me think before I open my mouth . 
Zumba class at 5:50 Monday night at Norwood United Methodist Church . < PROPFEMALE > Dunaway teaches this one and personally I love it . Great exercise and fun too . $5 a class , wear tennis shoes and comfy clothes . 
Today was good - didn't get my laundry done cause the washer is broke , but my sister and I ironed out a lot of great ideas for crafts for our church's upcoming VBS . I helped my mom unwrap an entire package of York PepPatties & didn't eat even 1 & I had 4 in my Sunday School class today !! yeah ! 
Want to put a little fun back into your work day ... have your office remodeled while you're still trying to work in it ... tons of fun ... REALLY !!! 
New carpet .... $7.00 per square . New paint for walls ... $40.00 a 5 gal \ 
bucket . Watching coworkers try to figure out how to paint walls , rip up \ 
old carpet , roll out new tacky carpet glue , lay new carpet tiles and \ 
move furniture & computer equipment around in one room while still \ 
getting our work done ... PRICELESS !! 
Finally got moved into the my new work station and I gotta say ... I sure hope this is the last time I've got to move at work ... this is my 7th time I've moved my work station . That seems a little excessive to me . AND I've lost my Swingline Stapler too !!! 
It costs MORE to repair appliances than to BUY NEW and replace them ... no wonder there is so much waste ... makes no sense . 
Washer is finally kapoot ! Had to go to the laundromat . Man , I'm glad I keep loose change /around . Needed lots and lots of quarters today . :( On the other hand , the place wasn't busy ... so I read a couple of devotionals while waiting . :) 
Man I miss our washer ... :( 
Happy Father's Day to all daddys and those who step up to be big brothers to boys and girls with no dad's and to those who open their homes and hearts as a < PROPMALE > dad and/or adopt a child . 
What a busy , busy , busy week at work and it's NOT even HH week . All this remodeling and coworkers on Vacation is hard on this ol ' girl . Really need to get some rest . But as bad as it is on me I really feel sorry for the wonderful job our maintenance , techies and and carpet layers are doing . phenominal job !! 
Sorry I haven't been at Zumba lately . Busy couple of weeks at work . Hope to be there Monday . I miss all my Zumba buddies , the music , the awesome instructor ... and the exercise too of course . :) 
This is the day that the Lord has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it . ~ Psalm 118:24 \ 
And what a beautiful day it is ! :) 
wishes she could wipe out the worries of her loved ones ... but is thankful she knows that God will do that for her . Praise be to the Lord . He truly is an awesome God ! 
Good news always makes me smile . :) My nephew < PROPFIRST > is stateside again and will be back in Ohio this week , we're supposed to get our washer fixed Tuesday , my cousin < PROPFEMALE > had a healthy baby boy named < PROPFIRST > 6-25-10 . ~ Sing Praises to the Lord !! 
The Dye Washing Machine is finally fixed ( although I haven't actually used it yet ) I'll let you know for sure this weekend . :) Happy Hump Day Everybody ! 
Dill pickles or Sweet Pickles on a relish tray ... what do you think ? 
Happiness is knowing God has a plan for your life and brings loving family and friends to help you along the way . :) 
Had a great holiday weekend ... Welcomed home my nephew < PROPFIRST > after he did a year tour in Afghanistan ( Party was great Thank < PROPFEMALE > ) , got to see my all my nieces and nephews and great nieces and great nephews at one time ( very rare ) ... got a start on the Sail Boat Deoration for my church's VBS ... played games , lit some sparklers , with < PROPFIRST > and Glo . One day off work really rejuevenated me ! 
Needs sleep ... long work day , long work week . On a high note , get to celebrate my nephew < PROPFIRST>'s and great-nephew < PROPMALE>' birthdays tomorrow at \Water Wars\ " at Camp Babcock . LOL Prepare to get wet ! " 
Needs to work on the Big Sail Boat tomorrow so that it is ready for VBS July 26th-30th at Norwood UMC 
The Big Boat for VBS is ( pardon the pun ) sailing along smoothing according to schedule . 
Really bummed . Gonna have to find another source of exercise :( Zumba classes are too early ... 
Had a great day off from work ... had brunch at < PROPMALE > Horton's with an old friend , < PROPFEMALE > Smith , worked on the Big VBS Boat , had lupper at Las Trancas with my niece and ran into another pal , < PROPFEMALE > McNeill Zielinski , went back to church and cut up fruit with my niece for the church's Free Community Dinner ... served more than 80 dinners . Praise God for days like these . 
is blessed with two fabulous days in a row . Thank the Lord the skies cleared up in time for my great neice's 4th Birthday party and everyone had a great time ( thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > - the Kabobs were great !! ) the little guests had so much fun in the pool and I had fun seeing my neices and nephews . Love ya'll!! 
Laundry day - not so much fun , but ya gotta have clean clothes . Could be worse 
is just trying to stay up on both feet today . lol 
Looking forward to next week . My neice and nephew are coming down for a week to help with VBS at church . They are such sweet \doobees \"" 
Looking forward to a week off work . < PROPFIRST > and Glo are coming down to spend a week and help with VBS . Yeah . 
The VBS Boat is done and most of the decorations are up . Preparing crafts for VBS next week at Norwood United Methodist Church July 26-30 from 6pm- 8:45 pm . < PROPFIRST > and Glo got in just about an hour ago . Yeah !! 
two days into VBS and I'm tired already ... but it's a good tired . 26 kids tonight ! And we'll take more . 
Went to < PROPMALE>'s Beauty Academy yesterday and my niece and I both got a fabulous hair cut - mine of course needed a little coloring too ... lol ... Glo doesn't have that problem yet . 
is sad cause my niece and nephew just left to go back home to Strasburg . I am glad I got to spend a week with them and happy much of my family got to help out with VBS this year . Nieces : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , nephew < PROPFIRST > , sister < PROPFEMALE > and my Mommy . God bless em all . Love you all . 
Hi-Ho , hi-ho ... it's back to work I go . I took a break , the week was great ! Now it's back to the daily grind I go ! Yo ! I'm a very blest person indeed . Thank you Lord for giving me the rest when I needed it and a job to pay those bills . 
Cholesterol is up again = more oatmeal and no more fries , burgers and other fried foods . Gotta find me a Zumba DVD . 
Church ... lunch with family ... Got some BTS supplies for my great neice Haley ... gas for the car ... now it's laundry and vacuuming ... life is good . This is the day the Lord has made ... let us rejoice and be glad in it . 
In kind of a funk all day today ... hope tomorrow I'm back to my spunky self ... I blame my allergies . darn pollen anyhow ! 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about\ 
your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you\ 
for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking\ 
and never question the friendship ... REPOST if you are blessed ...... with\ 
at least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
I am ready for a weekend ... after this week and knowing what's coming up next week ... I'm gonna need the rest !! 
Lord < PROPMALE > me the Serenity to accep the things I cannot change , the Courage to change the things I can and the Wisdom to know the difference . 
Love listening to KLOVE ... 91.9 fm ( Contemporary Christian Music , Uplifting messages and programs , prayer hotline , great motivation ) Possitive , Encouraging KLOVE ... if you haven't given it a listen ... give it one hour ... you'll be hooked !! 
When life hands us lemons ... it's not just about making lemonade ... but be grateful to have lemons to make lemonade with . 
Without a little rain ... life would be dry . 
FB PASS-ALONG !! ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! ( please take a minute to copy & paste .. ) " 
If you look for trouble , you usually find it ... so why not look for positive and solutions instead . 
life is a highway ... enjoy the ride ... bumps , detours , rough , smooth , construction , < PROPMALE > holes , slick , narrow , wide , twisting , turning , winding , highs , and lows ... it's not about getting there ... it's about the journey . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to \ 
conquer it ! Post this to your feed for 1-hour if you know someone who \ 
has or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste . I did , will you ? Miss you daddy ! 
West Virginians Get out and vote today !! Polls open til 7:30 pm 
and my mom gave \Toby\ " a bath and blow dry job . Now he looks like a cotton ball . " 
loves it when my department is working full staff . :) 
Two things we can always depend on . \ 
1 . Things change\ 
2 . God will always help us deal with the changes . 
just got back from Prayer Study ... and realizes ALL of us need to pray more ... Let's start by praying Hurricane \Earl\ " won't do much damage and take no lives as it drives up the Eastern US Coastline ... hope you'll pray with me . " 
My peaceful dinner was ended with a visit from my overly energetic , but lovable neice and her two bottomless pit boys . Wow can those two eat !! 2 pears , 1 apple , 2 yogurts and cookies ... well at least most of it was healthy . lol 
The principles we base our lives on reflect a lot about ourselves , families , communities and country ... so shouldn't those principles be faith , hope , < PROPFEMALE > and love . 
Happy Labor Day - and a special salute to those who had to work this weekend . God bless y'all . 
wants to make a possitive difference tomorrow ... we'll have to see have that pans out . 
there's not enough hours in a day or enough days in a week ... and I know there's not enough weekends in a year . 
was in a baking mood today ... homemade apple crisp and oatmeal craisin cookies ... yum yum !! 
< PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE > and \The Girls\ " came over to see the fireworks ... but every time they step out of the house to walk down to the river ... it starts pouring the rain . Praying it stops long enough for the Night Sky Show . " 
my sister < PROPFEMALE > is trying to give \Toby\ " a haircut while my mother holds him ... try to post a pic when they're done ... unless he really looks bad . hehe " 
gotta get control over my anger ... praying God will help me tame my temper or at break my boiling button . 
Go Bobcats !! 
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths , but only what \ 
is helpful for building others up according to their needs , that it may \ 
benefit those who listen .  - Ephesians 4:29 Boy , do I need to read and pratice this one daily . 
feels motivation is key to any successful venture ... what motivates you ? 
Put a little LOVE in your life today = Letting Christ shine from your heart today . 
If we could only see the world through the eyes of Christ ... 
God watch over my country , my family , my friends and your church ... these past few days the Devil seems to be playing havoc on them all . Thank you Father for all you do for me and keep 
Consider it pure joy , my\ 
brothers ( and sisters ) , whenever you face trials of many kinds , because you know that the testing of your \ 
faith develops perseverance . Perseverance\ 
must finish its work so that you may be mature and complete , not \ 
lacking anything . ~ James 1:2 -4 
Love it in the hallway !! 
\ 
Yes , < PROPFIRST>'s one sin brings condemnation for everyone , but \ 
Christ's one act of righteousness brings a right relationship with God \ 
and new life for everyone . \ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
( Romans\ 
5:18 NLT ) 
Just finished re-reading the book of James ... a lot of nourishment in just five short chapters . A good read for everyone . 
It's clergy appreciation month ... have you thanked your pastor lately ? 
October\ 
is cancer awareness month : In memory of every cancer patient , family \ 
member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of \ 
these who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love \ 
someone who has or had cancer . Miss you Daddy ! 
I listen and read quips and quotes from youth and recognized the frustration , anger joy , excitement , passion , bordom and confusion in their tones - full of emotion . Been there . It takes a lifetime of living to begin to understand that \all that drama\ " is needed for strengthening our foundation and faith . " 
\I used to wander off until you disciplined me ; but\ 
Listen to advice and accept instruction , and in the end you will be \ 
wise . Many are the plans in a man's heart , but it is the LORD's \ 
purpose that prevails . - Proverbs 19:20 -21 
My soul finds rest in God alone ; my salvation comes from him . - Psalm 62:1 
Concentrate on this Sentence ' To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did . ' When God takes something from your grasp , He's not punishing you , but merely opening your hands to receive something better . Concentrate on this sentence ... ' The will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you . ' 
My great nephews Zach and < PROPMALE > help me plant some Chrysathemums and daffodil bulbs . Then we raked up a few leaves for them to jump in before bagging up a couple of bags . Those boys just don't run out of energy ... wish I could borrow a couple of ouces of it . 
Hoping and praying tomorrow brings sunshine , a healthy , happy birthday boy , and an adjustment to my attitude meter toward the positive side ... had enough negativity today to last me the rest of the year . 
Sun came out , Nahum enjoyed his 1st birthday party ... who could be negative with so much positive surrounding them . 
Having faith is like being a pumpkin .. God picks you\ 
from the patch and washes all the dirt off . He cuts off the top and \ 
scoops out all the yucky stuff . He removes the seeds of doubt , hate \ 
& greed . He carves you a new smiling face and puts His light inside \ 
of you to shine ... for all the world to see . This was passed on to me by\ 
another pumpkin . Now it's your turn to pass it on to the pumpkins in \ 
your patch !!! ~ 
Survived another week at work - shorted handed ... Thank goodness God doesn't take a vacation . 
Thank you Lord for all you do for me . Let me always be mindful of all the wonderful things you have provided for me and help me to use them wisely . 
The heartfelt counsel of a friend is as sweet as perfume and incense . \ 
( Proverbs 27:9 \ 
NLT ) 
helped my great nephew Zach celebrate his 8th birthday , good times , good cake , great memories . love you < PROPMALE > . :) 
For with you is the fountain of life ; in your light we see light . \ 
~ Psalms 36:9 
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength . ~ < PROPFIRST > 12:30 
a BIG THANK YOU to all US Veterans who have served our country and those still serving . God bless you and your families . 
so far my week of vacation , I've been able to scratch at least one thing off my \To Do\ " List . Yeah !!! " 
Lord help me appreciate all that you've provided for me , the angels you've surrounded me with , the talents you've given me ... help me to use them wisely to serve you and others ... freely , unbegrugedly and with a loving heart . 
took my mommy to the cemetery and put holiday flowers out on loved one graves . Beautiful day ... was a little disappointed with the grass trimmings covering up the markers though ... even so was good remembering our loved ones . 
Feeling guilty ... Not doing enough to serve God . Need to put Him first in my life ... that's a toughie ... and yet it shouldn't be . 
Crazy weather has everyone's sinuses messed up ( inluding mine ) Hot , cold , < PROPFEMALE > , rainy ... but I refuse to let it get me down . God created different temperatures , sun , rain , frost and snow ... each for its own purposes ... just as he created a variety of people - each with different talents and purposes . Variety is the spice of life . Praise be to God ! 
Community Thanksgiving Dinner looking for volunteers to deliver meals . Want to help ? Meeting at Norwood United Methodist Church Sat ., Nov . 20th at 10 am . \ 
Need a meal ... reservations and dinner request should be called in by Nov . 23 374-5606 
is truly thankful ... a loving , crazy family , good health , good job , good friends , terrific coworkers , wonderful church and an abundance of food & clean water . I have clothes , shoes , a roof over my head , a warm bed at night . I can vote or not vote , < PROPFEMALE > a gun , worship where I choose , have a good education . Most importantly , I know Jesus Christ is my Lord & Savior and it is through His Grace I am made truly free . 
had pancakes for dinner ... but it was the family I had over to help me eat them that made them taste sweet . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Mom and even < PROPMALE > \The Grinch\ " . Love y'all! " 
had an interesting Sunday School lesson today . Psalms 139 . Why do we try to hide things from God when it is He who knows what we are going to say and think before we say or think it ? Guilty feelings , mistakes , sins ... He sees them all and still God loves us . How Awesome is our God ... Amazing is His Grace ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your\ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday\ 
( December6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion\ 
of memories . This campaign is to stop violence against children . 
thinking she should bake some cookies this weekend . Maybe even make a pot of chili or soup . 
knows where i get my stubborn streak ... ( Kmart Blue Light Special ) 
Did you know that the group asking for everyone to change their profile picture to a favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . Their doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon . It has nothing to do with supporting child violence awareness . It was on TV show that warns you about internet frauds . Pass this on to everyone that has a cartoon profile . 
It's the most wonderful time of the year ... 
THANKS EVERYONE for making my Birthday Xtra Special . God has truly blessed me by surrounding me with Angels on Earth disguised as Family and Friends who are always there when I need a smile , a helping hand , a laugh , some help , a shoulder to cry on or a ear to bend ... Hope I can return the favor . God bless you all . 
Is anyone else having trouble \clicking on the fb notification listing\ " and not going to where the person left their commenet ?? " 
Holiday Question of the Day : What's your favorite Christmas < PROPFIRST > ( traditional or secular) ?? 
Holiday Question of the Day : what's your favorite Christmas Cookie ? 
Holiday Question of the day : \If there were 13 days of Christmas ... what gift would you give your true love on the 13th Day of Christmas ? \"" 
The faithful love of the Lord never ends ! \ 
His mercies never cease . \ 
Great is his faithfulness ;\ 
his mercies begin afresh each morning . \ 
I say to myself , The Lord is my inheritance ;\ 
therefore , I will hope in him ! \ 
~ Lamentations 3:22 -24 NLT 
Cast your cares on the LORD\ 
and he will sustain you ;\ 
he will never let\ 
the righteous be shaken . \ 
~ Psalms 55:22 \ 
\Thanks to my cousin < PROPFEMALE > for her inspiration for today's verse \"" 
Holiday Question of the Day : What's your fondest Christmas memory ? 
Sing joyfully to the LORD , you righteous ;\ 
it is fitting for the upright to praise him . \ 
Praise the LORD with the harp ;\ 
make music to him on the ten-stringed lyre . \ 
Sing to him a new song ;\ 
play skillfully , and shout for joy . \ 
Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD , \ 
the people he chose for his inheritance . \ 
~ Psalms 33:1 -3 , 12 
Holiday Question of the Day : It's a fill in the blank .... \ 
\I'm dreaming of a _____________ Christmas \"" 
Holiday Question of the Day : Do you prefer store bought or homemade gifts ? ( be honest ) . 
Holiday Question of the Day : Have you ever RE-gifted ? ( be honest ) 
( sing to < PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to town ) I better be quick . I better bake soon . I need to wrap gifts and be ready by tomorrow noon . My Nephew and niece coming to town . 
Holiday Question of the Day .... What's your favorite part of Christmas ? 
Holiday Question of the Day : ( Fill in the blank)\ 
\Tis the season to ______________ ? " 
Holiday Question of the day : What's your favorite Christmas animated movie ? ( I know you watch them . lol ) 
Christmas Cantata , Christmas Cookies , Christmas Lights , Christmas Carols ,... I love CHRISTmas ! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives ...... When you grow up , they are still your friends ... Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! They may not be part of your daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories . Lord , I thank you for the wonderful cousins that you have blessed my with . 
I have the BESTEST friends at work ... makes my job's stress factor MUCH more tolerable . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and in the words of \Tiny Tim\ " God bless us everyone ! " 
Holiday Question of the Week : What is your favorite memory of 2010 ? 
What do you think is the funniest thing to have happened in 2010 ? 
What's your favorite movie for 2010 ? 
wishes everyone peace , love and happiness in 2011 ! 
Search me , God , and know my heart ;\ 
test me and know my anxious thoughts . \ 
See if there is any offensive way in me , \ 
and lead me in the way everlasting . \ 
~ Psalm 139:23 -24 
Keep this going ! Heavenly Father , as we embark upon this a new year , walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses & please watch & protect my family & friends . In Jesus name , Amen ! This prayer is so powerful , stop what you're doing & set this to your status . Watch what He'll do !! Believe & receive ! 
O-H-I-O ... Go Bucks !! 
 Without wise leadership , a nation falls ; there is safety in having many advisers . \ 
( Proverbs 11:14 NLT ) 
Make a difference ... by brightening someone's day ... start with your own candle inside , and then pay it forward with a smile , a hug , a sympathetic ear , encouraging word , a donation to < PROPFEMALE > , sending a card , make a phone call , open a door , say a prayer . 
Prayers needed for < PROPFIRST > Dunaway . If you know him or even if you don't pray for God's healing and a support for him and his family . 
I believe in Jesus Christ & accept him as my personal savior . Two facebookers challenged believers to put this as their status . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers I will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven . This is simple . If you love your God & are not afraid to show it , copy & post . 
Seek good , not evil , that you may live . Then the LORD God Almighty will be with you , just as you say he is . Hate evil , love good ; maintain justice in the courts . Perhaps the LORD God Almighty will have mercy on the remnant of Joseph .  - < PROPMALE > 5:14 -15 ( NIV ) 
Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth , where moths and vermin destroy , and where thieves break in and steal . But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven , where moths and vermin do not destroy , and where thieves do not break in and steal . For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also .  - < PROPFIRST > 6:19 -21 
why is it snowy days seem to drag longer than < PROPFEMALE > ones ? 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You'll never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
It's Fellowship Friday - Be kinder , gentler , more loving and caring to everyone you come across this Friday - a smile may make a real difference in someone's life . 
My Momma's birthday is today ... she's another year finer just like a good wine and expensive cheese ... she just gets better and better . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Dobbins Dye . 
Anxiety weighs down the heart , but a kind word cheers it up ~ Proverbs 12:25 \ 
So don't worry about what might happen , could happen or even will happen ... but take your concerns to the Lord and ask Him for help ... seek a friend's counsel ... and if you are the friend , give wise and comforting advice and help the troubled when you can . 
It is a sin to despise ones neighbor , \ 
but blessed is the one who is kind to the needy . ~ Proverbs 14:21 \ 
Simplified \Love one another\ " :) " 
Our people must learn to do good by meeting the urgent needs of others ; then they will not be unproductive . < PROPMALE > 3:14 NLT 
Sometimes it's hard to keep your own pilot light lit .... that's when we need to stop relying on our own resources and put our lives into God's hands . When in doubt always check with \THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER \"." 
Keep me safe , LORD , from the hands of the wicked ; protect me from the violent , who devise ways to trip my feet . ~ Psalms 140:4 NIV 
Humble yourselves before the Lord , and he will lift you up .  - < PROPFIRST > 4:10 NIV 
\Never stop praying . Be thankful in all circumstances 
Everything is permissiblebut not everything is beneficial . Everything is permissiblebut not everything is constructive . ~ 1 Corinthians 10:23 
God is spirit , and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth .  ~ < PROPFIRST > 4:24 NIV 
Sitting down , Jesus called the Twelve and said , Anyone who wants to be first must be the very last , and the servant of all .  - < PROPFIRST > 9:35 
Be completely humble and gentle ; be patient , bearing with one another in love .  - Ephesians 4:2 
Passing this along ... I know nothing about these horses . \ 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal , weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of th ... e deceased is trying to find homes : 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH 
Made two apple-rhubarb pies for our church's Baked Steak Dinner on Friday . Norwood United Methodist Church . $8 Adults and $4 Kids 2-12 ( 4:30 - 6:30 )\ 
Also put together a Texas Chicken Casserole for our Super Bowl Lunch at work . 
You are the light of the world . A town built on a hill cannot be hidden . Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl . Instead they put it on its stand , and it gives light to everyone in the house . In the same way , let your light shine before others , that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven . ~ Matthew 5:14 -16 
Had dinner tonight with my momma , Em and Jon ... then we played \Outburst\ " and my niece < PROPFEMALE > is the reigning Outburst Champ !! She won both games . I'm thinking Dominos or Scrabble on a rematch . " 
It's the rhythm in my life , the joy of my soul , it's compassionate , strong , sensitive , faithful , and giving ... and oh so precious and fragile ... and it's red . 
The Lord is my rock , my fortress , and my savior ; my God is my rock , in whom I find protection . He is my shield , the power that saves me , and my place of safety . ~ Psalms 18:2 NLT 
Search me , O God , and know my heart ;\ 
test me and know my anxious thoughts . \ 
Point out anything in me that offends you , \ 
and lead me along the path of everlasting life . \ 
~ Psalms 139:23 -24 NLT 
Come close to God , and God will come close to you . ~ James 4:8 NLT 
time to do the laundry ... yeah ! 
My nephew changed my burned out brake light . What a good-doobie he is . :) 
Had a fun weekend with < PROPFIRST > , Glo and Shelby ... there's just nothing more hilarious than playing \bullcrap\ " with my mom and my nieces and nephews . What a hoot ! " 
Seems so quiet now with the kiddos gone . Miss my ABD and GAD ... and S_V . Don't know your middle name < PROPFIRST > . lol 
If we all had the Faith of Child and the Energy of one too ... 
T-I-R-E-D tired ... can't wait to get this Regional Spelling < PROPFEMALE > over with ... ugh !!! 
Some days have bumpier paths than others Lord ... and today was one bumpy path !! It's all good though , cause it makes me appreciate the the smoother paths when they come along even more . :) 
Dont let evil conquer you , but conquer evil by doing good . ~ Romans 12:21 
introduced my great nephew Zach to a card game today ... now he's crazy about \Crazy 8's\ " lol ... he's pretty good at \ " Blink\ " too . " 
why can't healthy food taste as good as unhealthy food ? 
I wish I could give up my anger for Lent ... any bad habit actually ... but I would start with that . 
Don't forget to turn your clocks ahead one hour tonight !!! 
Nothing like remembering to turn my clock up one hour , then forgetting to set the alarm ... managed to wake up with about 15 minutes to get up , dressed and out the door for church . What a morning !!! 
Daylight savings had to be started by a man ... no sensible woman would put people through these weird time changes . 
wishes tomorrow brings Peace like a river , Love like the ocean and Joy like a fountain to your soul and hers too . 
Dear God , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord you know I am not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my health , my family & friends , the roof over my head , food on my table , and everything I have . Re post if GOD has blessed you in any way . 
thinks that during Lent , people ( including herself ) should give up their steering wheel and let God be the driver of their lives for a few weeks . 
GOOD NEWS ! \It's < PROPFIRST > 3:16 Day\ " \ 
Twill wish me friends an early \Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! \ " especially < PROPFEMALE > \ " Tweeterbug\ " Smarr . " 
It must be family night ... here at the old Dye House . lol 
took my mama to Applebees for dinner and saw two old friends ... Peg < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Jones ... and my nephew < PROPFIRST > who was hosting . Highly recommend the Cajun Shrimp & Pasta ... Yummm ! 
church , lunch with my family , watch my two great nephews most of the the day and evening ... played games , put together puzzles , walked the dog , fixed dinner , read books ... boy am I beat . Will have no trouble sleeping tonight . Energy is wasted on youth . lol 
Another season of Dances with the Stars - not sure I'll watch don't recognize many names . 
the trials in our life help define our character ... temper , anger , frustration , apathy , self-esteem , anxiety ... sympathy , < PROPFEMALE > , confidence , determination , flexibility , creativity , adaptability , cooperation , and even love . Think about the how you handled the last roadblock in your life ... then ask how you could of handled it better . 
was just thinking ... If peace , love and < PROPFEMALE > spread as fast as the flu and was just as contagious ... what a wonderful world this would be . 
It'a official ... I have bronchitis ... again !!! 
This coughing stinks .... hope to get a least one night of restful sleep tonight ... with God's help I pray I'm successful . 
TGIF !! Looking forward to relaxing and healing this weekend !! 
Okay it's week two and this nagging cough/bronchitis thing has become officially annoying ... 2nd bout of antibiotics ... hopefully this one will work . 
Feeling lots better ... thanks for all the prayers and well wishes . Guess that new improved antibiotic seems to be working ... lol ... but I'm thinking the prayers is what's going to put me back on top . 
\A cheerful heart is good medicine 
Prayers for my niece Jackie ... she's got some serious back issue and financial problems too . God love her and give her the support and healing she needs so badly . 
Week 4 of this coughing , 3 weeks of antibiotics , 3 doctors , 1 chest xray , 1 CAT scan ... and still no one seems to be able to give me an answer or a cure . VERY FRUSTRATING . Should I get another test ( Bronchioscopy ) or second opinion ? 
Went to the cemetery with my momma and put flowers on the Grandparents and my daddy's graves . Really miss them . Then I took mom out for brunch . Good times and warm memories . 
Finally ... feeling some better , thanks for all the prayers and well wishes ! <3 
Maundy Thursday Service at Norwood United Methodist Church in Family Activity Center at 7 pm . If your church isn't having a service ... please come . If you don't have a church ... please come . Dress is casual and Holy Communion will be served . 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart ! 
A gentle answer turns away wrath , but a harsh word stirs up anger ~ Proverbs 15:1 
For you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you from your ancestors , but with the precious blood of Christ , a lamb without blemish or defect .  - 1 < PROPFIRST > 1:18 -19 
