Maybe 2010 will be better ? HAHAHAHAH 

SMILE ! 
Putting my life back together one day at a time . 
Me and Brion are having a wine night ! :o ) 
I have off work until Monday ! 
HALLOWEEN IS ALMOST HERE ! 
Scheduling job interviews all day , need ajob ? call me 570-522-3652 !!!!!!!! 
Want to make some extra cash ? Call me now ! 1-570-522-3652 
It's a great day at Vector ! 
at work ... working . 
HAPPY 22ND BIRTHDAY TO MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
work 9-5 
LEAVING FOR ARKANSAS IN THE MORNING ! 
In Arkansas at Grandma's! 
On the road again ! Driving 18 hours and over 1000 < PROPMALE > to get back home ! 
Im not driving ANYWHERE until I have to go back to work on Monday ... come see me at my apartment if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out haha . 
DRINKING WINE SIT ON IT BITCH 
Anything ill you see is whoa * 
Scheduling Appointments for the Weekend ! $40 Full Body Massage anyone !!!??? 
Why do I even bother !? 
My immune system hates me . 
Its reasonably nice outside today :o ) 
But you still have all of me ... 
So close but still so far ... 
I feel like creating something today ... hmm ? 
Sundays are lazy days 
Thirsty Thursday ! 
Well this is boring . 
my cover letter is better than your cover letter ! Haha ! 
Theres a place I know if your looking for a show , where they go hardcore and theres litter on the floor ... 
Getting ready for my roadtrip to Florida !!!!! 
Not a whole lot on my plate , it should be easy to get through the day .? 
no need to rush 
First ive been on in a while ... 
Miss all my friends ? Just want you all to know I think about you all daily ! 
Finally got my car fixed now maybe I can go to the beach ! 
Coming home to Pennsylvania for a week ? 
HOME FOR A WEEK ... AS IN RIGHT NOW LOL 
I < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Ill see you in your nightmares ... 
Looking for those better days 
No comment . 
Moving slower than normal . 
Im aloud to be lazy !? I like ... :) 
becoming numb ... 
Reinventing my exit . 
im a retard . 
? Good to know I still got it ;) ? 
Ive got a date with the captain tonight :) 
Its not that I care what everyone thinks about me , I just dont wanna hear it . 
Like Whoa * 
The less I know the better off I will be . The less YOU know and I'll be doing great !!!! 
a beautiful girl can make u dizzy , like u been drinkin < PROPFIRST > n coke all morning . she can make u feel high , for the single greatest comodity known to man - promise . promise of a better day , promise of a greater hope , promise of a new tomorrow . this particular < PROPFEMALE > , can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl , in her smile , in her soul , n the way she makes every rotten little thing about life seem like its gonna be ok 
? 
My second day and I already want a new job . 
I want to be remembered as the girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken , and the one that could always brighten up your day even if she couldn't brighten her own . 
My friends are my family ? 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . 
Just look in the mirror and tell yourself , I AM THE PRIZE ? MmM so true ? 
Orange ya glad I didnt say Banana ! 
I like when people tell me things I DONT hear everyday of my life ! 
I am SO glad I dont live in Florida !??? 
I love love love being single . thank you < PROPMALE > i appreciate you being an asshole now . 
Baby I'm just a thug , cold hearted but I feel the love ? 
cleaning out my closet . 
I'm just a crosshair , A shot away from you ? 
Goin dancing tonight ? 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . Break the silence in memory of all ........ always in my heart my lil one ???? RIP 
Going to Newark NJ then Brooklyn with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
It aint no wonder why I cant get along with girls . They all think alike . PSYCHO 
When you hit rock bottom there is only one way to go and thats UP 
A decade ago , I never thought I'd be at twenty three on the verge of spontaneous combustion , woe is me . 
If I gave you pretty enough words , could you paint a picture of us that works ? 
I'd just like to mention that I hate you for everything I am going through . On the bright side I love me ? 
you suck at life . 
i piss excellence . 
im fine pretending im not , im far from lonely and its all that ive got . 
the gloves are off , it's time to kill . 
Taking a well deserved nap . 
red red wine , stay close to me ? 
Men = Shit 
shut up and listen . 
You build me up buttercup baby just to let me down and mess me around and then worst of all you never come baby when u say u will ... 
So wear me like a locket around your throat . I'll weigh you down . I'll watch you choke . You look so good in blue . You look so good in blue . ? 
Have I told you lately that I love you ? 
Im finally finding peace in my life ? 
I delete all my recent activity because I dont want you to know what I am doing . 
If nothing else , believe in < PROPMALE > . 
Ive got a dark alley and a bad idea . 
Bye bye , beautiful . Dont bother to write . 
Since I replaced the ' i ' in ' live ' with an ' o ' I can't remember who you are 
? \ 
I would drive on to the end with you\ 
A liquor store or two keeps the gas tank full\ 
it is what it is . 
to be great is to be misunderstood . 
hopped off the bike and smacked the bitch silly because i asked for a dutch and she brought me a philly . 
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand . 
A human being is part of the whole , called Universe a part limited in time & space He experiences himself his thoughts & feelings as something separated from the rest a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness 
If I make the lashes dark And the eyes more bright And the lips more < PROPFEMALE > , Or ask if all be right From mirror after mirror , No vanity's displayed . I'm looking for the face I had Before the world was made . 
love is a chemical process which causes delusion . 
let me find out ... 
too busy being fabulous * 
I tell you everything that is really nothing , and nothing of what is everything , do not be fooled by what I am saying . Please listen carefully and try to hear what I am not saying . 
I became aware of my < PROPFEMALE > , to belong to the critical minority as opposed to the unquestioning majority . 
Lesson #1 : Know , first , who you are , and then adorn yourself accordingly . \ 
Lesson #2 : Wealth consists not in having great possessions , but in having few wants . \ 
Lesson #3 : When anger rises , think of the consequences . 
www.bassdrive.com 
I love the way you roll excuses off the tip of your tongue as I slowly fall apart . 
< PROPFEMALE > hacked thiss :) love you stephaniieeeeee . 
?? Out on the town with Miss < PROPFEMALE > Camden !!!!!!!! ?? 
\Thou < PROPMALE > to me a delicious torment . \"" 
Love is a kind of warfare , and no assignment for cowards . 
p.s. i love you 
be easy never sleazy . 
Every time I think about you I throw up a little in my mouth . 
Snow . 
anatomical position . 
reckless . 
ugh i need to sleeeeeeeep . 
starting 3rd shift tonight , this should be interesting . 
Not all who wander are lost . 
Good Times Bad Times 
Yay ! 
i get what i want and i like what i see . 
hiho hiho its off to work i go ... 12-8am damn son lol 
Takin it down a notch ... 
Trying to accomplish some things before I sleep today . I live at night so its hard to clean your car and change a headlight . Damn its cold out there ... 
speachless . 
I can't change the things I have done but I know not to repeat them . 
Living . 
i dont want to be in the middle of this . 
Hard to notice what is passing by with eyes lowered . 
goodness gracious ... 
Oh you know you got it , if it makes you feel good . ? 
you do something to me , that i cant explain . So would i be out of line if i said , i miss you ... 
Serving shots at Petes on Broadway tonight ! I better see ya there !!!! 
i ? dubstep 
< PROPFEMALE > Friese does it for me ? 
So very anxious . Two days and counting !!!!! 
Getting around to go stay with < PROPFIRST > Boy for the night ? Test tomorrow wish me luck ! 
Taking a much needed day off ! 
