goin downhill 

my dog was put down today ... 
facebook isn't working and i'm babysittin 
the packers came everthing is gone or in boxes 
going to < PROPFEMALE > for a week tomorrow ! 
got stinging nettle up and down my legs 
my internet will be gone after tonight until i get to florida 
I'm homeless now 
I'm in Florida and I'm dying of heat 
Blah I'm ready to move into a house , the place we're staying is boring 
went kayaking and bowling yesturday i got lots of salt water in my eyes while kayaking but it was a fun day 
One more week til school ! 
signing up for classes tomorrow it'll be a long day 
My cat's scared of heights hehehe 
ugh i'm extra bored :P 
so sore ... but cross country is fun ! 
i went to blockbuser today it was so exciting !!! 
I miss my bubbles ='( 
i'm so excited i can't wait for rock the universe this weekend !!! 
I lost my voice but rock the universe was so much fun !!!!!!!! 
I despise < PROPFEMALE > splints ... 
hehe I love kettle corn !!!! 
my 5k was sad and painful but i got 28:32 
ugh i think i'm catching something :( 
yay blisters ! 
BROWNIES !!!!! 
I got my permit !!!! 
going to my first football game ever tomorrow ! 
homecoming was awsome we went to the waffle house before hand !!! 
Today was absolutely gorgeous !!! 
i'm ready for thanksgiving , i'll get to see grandma !!! 
going to see a movie !!!!! 
PR'ed by 1:30 it was pretty awesome 
Driving was exciting and i didn't crash !!! 
my legs hurt :P 
GAH !!!!! this is so sad :'( i was so excited 
went to the FSU game yesturday and dad made me drive on the highway it was pretty exciting 
i wanna watch the little mermaid 
dad's getting a pick up truck when i can drive and it will mostly be mine until < PROPMALE > comes to visit !!!!!! 
doing hw and icing my hip ! 
blah i'm exhausted :P 
today was the best day ever it was gorgeous out , mom came home , it's friday , and we have a house !!! :) 
can't wait till november 6th ! 
legs hurt like crazy and i think my heart just shattered a little bit but i'm happy :) 
i'm stuck on crutches until my foot is better and then i can't run for a month :( 
going to the football game , but i don't have any pink to wear :( 
going to orange fest to paint faces in my costume and then i'm going trick or treating with Katrin !!! 
We get our house tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
i'm getting a puppy !!!!!!!!! 
i miss traveling to other countries and seeing old things :( even the castles with terrible towers that i had to go up :P 
ugh i hate essays 
missing wonderously amazing people 
adopting a puppy on tuesday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is the cutest puppy ever i can't wait for monday !!! 
i had a pretty exciting wonderful day =) 
pretty great night !!!!! i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow :P 
I just got the softest blanket in the world !!!!!! 
it feels like friday :P 
Can't wait for the game it's gunna be awesome !!! 
Had a very wonderful night :) 
I'm so excited this game is gunna be crazy awesome !!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Christmas !!!! 
i got one ... hope you're happy :P 
YAY i'm not as sore !!!!! HAPPY CHRISTMAS !!!! 
blah < PROPFEMALE > splints :P 
ugh so much to do this weekend :P 
gah gooogly eyes ... 
by far the best weekend of my life !!! :D 
i think it should be spring break like right now 
it was a good day i can't wait to go to church !!! 
why don't we just dance 
random picture taking is fun :] 
i love watermelon !!!! :D 
:D i love my spikes 
it's been such a long weekend i'm exhausted :P 
it should be really really nice out this weekend so i can go to the beach :) 
this water colour is taking forever to paint :( 
mom set a potatoe on fire in the microwave it scared the crap out of me :) 
i'm so excited i get to disect a brain tomorrow !!! :D 
i'm disecting an eyeball tomorrow i can't wait it's going to be so cool !!!!!!!!! 
i'm so burnt i look like a lobster but it was a great day !!! :D 
I love my oil pastels they're so pretty !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
county tomorrow , grandma wensday , and then blitz thursday thursday needs to come fast 
Blitz is gunna be awesome i can't wait i hope tomorrow speeds by 
so exhausted , paper plates and eating outside were the highlight of my life :) i had a wonderful time 
I love the beach !!! next spring break i'm making it my goal to go to the beach everyday :) 
i'm a lobster :P 
i need another week off :P 
i miss bubbles :( 
has anyone else realized beautiful starts with be you ? 
Can't wait for the end of tomorrow ! 
prom!!!it's going to be an exciting day ! :D 
so tired :P i'll never run the 400 and 800 at the same meet again they're way to close together 
the dang internet won't let me add pictures :P 
it was a great day ! :D i can't wait for tomorrow , i'm ready for the weekend 
I despise writing essays :P 
pre-op tomorrow then surgery on friday this weekend is gunna stink :P 
surgery went great ! :) now i'm exhausted 
12 weeks and 4 days 
can't wait to take katrin to disney with me :D 
i hate when year books come out :P signing them is so annoying 
one week til disney !!!!! :D 
it was a great day even though i'm covered in paint and exhausted :P 
YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DISNEY !!!!!!!!!! 
2 and a half hours left i can't wait !!! 
SENIOR !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
i would walk 500 < PROPMALE > and i would walk 500 more just be the man who walked 1000 to fall down at you door da da da ( da da da ) da da da ( da da da ) da da da d < PROPFEMALE > diddle < PROPFEMALE > diddle < PROPFEMALE > diddle uh da :) love that song don't like having it stuck in my head 
five weeks !!!!!! :D i'll be an adult and able to drive i can't wait 
putting a pool togetherr is very difficult :P 
can't get VBS songs out of my head :P 
it's my last day as a kid :D 
thanks for all the birthday wishes i had a great day ! 
woohoo i'm going to get my license today !!! 
i need one more week before school :P 
1 : spanish < PROPFIRST > 2 : chorus dye 3 : photography mulhearn 4 : ap 2D nihil 5 : trig lunsford 6 : ap lit crump 7 : govt hon < PROPMALE > 
exhausted but this year seems like it'll be exciting 
my calfs are so tight :P 
yay it's finally friday !!! this was the longest week of my life :P 
i got to talk to daddy today !!!!! :D 
:P i strongly dislike quotes projects does anyone know the code thing for crumps class on turnitin ? 
WooHoo!!!i'm so excited for rock the universe !!!!!! 
fish do make noise :) 
Rock The Universe was awesome !!! i lost my voice again :P 
:P my legs are so tight i don't want to move 
blah :P 
so very ready to feel better :P 
loving quizlet at the moment !! 
Blah i need to go back to the north i miss snow 
independent study i despise you with a passion and i also really need to stop procrastinating :P 
zombie mode :P 
i really want to move somewhere exciting and far away just because 
had an awesome night hanging with wonderful people yesterday !!! 
Ugh why is it so hot :P 
i wanna learn how to dance ! 
Woohoo two weeks can't wait !!!! 
Ready for a day full of Othello and < PROPMALE > ... :P 
Blah it's going to be a late night i haven't even started my quotes yet :P 
Woohoo finally finished !!! now it's time for a precious two hours of sleep ! 
YAY for naps !!! 
i should stop being nice 
loving life , but most importantly loving god !!! 
next week is going to be AWSOME !!!! 
I drove to Destin , and didn't die !!! :D 
4 days !! I need to go get some reese's :) 
ready for track !!! 
first track practice of the season and my arms are the only thing on me thats sore ... for now anyway 
< PROPMALE > is going faster then i thought too bad it's not that fast :P SABBATH TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Had the most amazing weekend !!! 
YAY nap time !!! 
do people in the north get as excited about walmart as people in the south cause i'm pretty sure its a southern thing 
I can't find articles :P 
Flounder has a lucky fin :( 
it is amazing how easy the quotes project is when you don't procrastinate the whole time 
i love this weather :D 
Cooking dinner it's exciting ! :) 
Who's going on the senior trip ? 
i ran into a wall and now i have bruises :P 
This week is great I have a job interview tomorrow and daddy comes home on Sunday !!!! 
Making some arms and angry eyes for Blitz :D 
DADDY'S HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Darn you quotes project :P I would very much love to be participating in nap time right now instead . 
going to < PROPFEMALE > with the crew :) 
SMORES !!!!! :D 
Can't wait to be done with AP Lit I want to go to the beach :P 
I want to go visit Lakenheath :P 
So I've been singing(more like yelling ) along with the passion cd in my car and now my voice is going :D 
Ready for the beach on friday ! :D who's joining me ? 
1000 words , and some quotes from articles and i'll be all done with my synthesis essay 
I have got to lay off the coffee :P 
Had the best weekend ever !!!! :D 
I cannot wait to go back to Blue Lake I love it there ! 
went for a run , it is gorgeous out why must i spend the day inside at work 
I love my covenant group , they are absolutely wonderful !!! :D 
just 8 more weeks , i don't know if i can make it :P 
Blueberry 
my tummy muscles hurt form laughing :D 
Happy are the people to whom such blessings fall ; happy are the people whose God is the Lord . Psalms 144:15 
My dress is almost done !!! :D 
