Helping students learn good ! 

Why does the Today Concert Series performance always kick off right when I need to leave for work ? 
The shortest distance between two points is under construction . -\ 
Noelie Alito 
I'm playing around with the idea that our new currency should be blades of grass ... just think , all those guys on wall street would be entirely screwed with their million-dollar Manhattan Condos ... just a thought 
Standing on a bridge , watch the water passing under me\ 
\ 
It must've been much harder when there was no bridge , just water\ 
Now the world is small . Remember how it used to be , \ 
With mountains and oceans and winters and rivers and stars ? 
Happy day we celebrate our independence by blowing stuff up and making poor decisions !!!! 
There is a reason I hate wearing glasses ... 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you\ 
probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on \ 
your status for at least an hour ? It's special education week , and this \ 
is in honour of all the kids who need a little extra help and \ 
understanding . 
I have come to the conclusion that there are at least 2 careers in this world , and they seem linked , where you can be inexplicably miserable at your job and still earn an inappropriately high paycheck ... weather forecasting and keeping my electricity from going out every freaking time it rains ! 
If anyone was curious , today is not a good day to mow the lawn ... not that I would have personal experience or be dumb enough to go push a heavy piece of machinary around my house for an hour when the thermometer on the deck says 100 .... I'm just sayin ' 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to finish plotting his devious revenge ... I'd hate to be disappointed ;-) 
It's already hot and muggy ... seriously , who keeps screwing with the thermostat ? 
Off to the Neurologist to get my Migraine issues figured out ... 
Let me give you a topic ... Rhode Island is neither a road nor an island ... discuss 
Inception ... um , wow . Freaking amazing ! 
Getting my head looked at ... finally . \ 
I ready hate the tube , don't make me get in the tube ! 
How many \When does < PROPFIRST > Favre change his mind\ " betting pools do you think just opened in the last 5 hours ? " 
The world can't end in 2012 , I have a yogurt that expires in 2013 . 
Don't worry guy drilling downstairs .... directly beneath my desk ... you are NOT making my job more difficult ... 
That's interesting . You know what makes me sad ? You do ! Maybe we should chug on over to mamby-pamby land , where maybe we can find some self-confidence for you , ya jack-wagon ! 
Guess what ?!?! It's football season !!!!! 
Show of hands ... who's excited for Chiefs football tonight ( even if it's just preseason) ? \ 
Raise ' em high ! 
Want to wish my parents a safe and non-eventful flight back to Pittsburgh today ... It was so great to have you with us this weekend , and loved every minute of it ! 
I can now add replacing a window sill and replacing a pane of glass to my list of skills ... 
Tomorrow is the first day of the fall semester , and I'm teaching a class ... why do I suddenly feel like I'm about to start a new job , taking a serious final , and giving a speech in my underwear all at the same time ... I'd much rather it be an interview than a speech 
Has discovered , some people are here strictly for amusement's sake . 
R.I.P. Spongebob Squarepants , who died in an oil spill caused by BP ... you will be missed :( 
Where the hell was all that two offensive series ago ? 
Does anyone know what the song is that is part of 101 the Fox's Chiefs Pregame Intro ... its a rock song that was awesome , but I was driving and couldn't look it up immediately and forgot the lyrics I heard ... HELP ! 
wonders which is worse ... a giraffe with a sore throat or a millipede with sore feet !? 
MIZ ... 
It serious bothers me that we go from football pregame to a shake weight commercial ... 
Same ' ol tigers \D\ " ... new unproductive offense " 
Go Go Gadget Gettis !!!! 
So , I \rode\ " a mechanical bull at Campus Craze today ... evidently when you have the opportunity to get a counselor knocked off of a bull 
Dear Pro Football , \ 
Why do leave me for so long every year ? I sent you my lucky sock , and you never call . Why , Football ? Why ? Oh , well ... I'm easy . Welcome back ! \ 
Do you have my lucky sock per chance ? \ 
Thanks , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
9/11 God bless all those who have given so much for our freedoms in every way . \ 
We will never forget 
Let's go MU ! Since I can't watch it on cable and I can't afford to spend $40 on ppv ... looks like another Mizzou game I'll have to catch on the box score 
I don't know whether to be excited or disappointed in what I have seen out of the Chiefs during the 1st quarter ... perhaps both ? 
Wow .... 
Their is a new Run DMC ... this one doesn't suck 
I just saw Rivers say on SportsCenter that next week they can get it started next week at home against the Broncos , a team in their division ... \ 
Umm ... Phil , < PROPMALE > . I know we haven't been much competition lately , but the Chiefs are in the same division as your Chargers . \ 
Time to put your big boy pants on and go to work ... 
Really weather ? 80s all week , and the day that I go into the dunk tank you go into the 60s around the time I hit the seat ? Evidently my < PROPFEMALE > is off ... 
I am not piling on ... but has anyone wondered why the < PROPMALE > Broncos have had an excessively high number of players die ? What's going on out there ? 
Let's go Chiefs ! Time to bring it ! 
< PROPMALE > Bowe needs to have a seat .... immediately 
Mizzou is alone atop the Big 12 North ! MIZ ! 
Umm ... what the hell was that Chiefs ? 
MIZ ! Take that Corso ! Maybe you should keep that head on till you get out of town ... Go Tigers ! 
Can someone tell me what it takes to get a ref to call offensive pass interference ? Cause seriously , these Jag receivers are beating the hell out of our corners , not the other way around ... 
So ... my \interesting\ " neighbor had her Christmas tree on last night ( Halloween ) ... I'm fairly certain that's an invitation to be egged " 
I wish someone would have told me to have lowered my football \ 
expectations this weekend ... it would have made these last 2 days suck a \ 
lot less 
Big < PROPMALE > looks like he has a Juggs machine mounted on his shoulder tonight ... can you imagine trying to bring that ball down in 40 degree weather ? 
To every Veteran ... active , inactive , retired , and in between ... thank you . We owe so much to you who have given so much . We are free because of you . Happy Veterans Day ! 
Way to come out strong Tigers ...... 
Happy Thanksgiving from Pittsburgh , < PROPFEMALE > ! Drove all night and got here at 6:30 this morning . Missouri , Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , West < PROPFEMALE > , & Pennsylvania in 13 hours ... in the dark and so much rain 
Let's go Tigers ! \ 
M-I-Z !!! 
So I officially cannot watch any of the football I want to from Pittsburgh ... No Big 12 and more than likely no Chiefs tomorrow ... 
The Donkey's fired < PROPMALE > McDaniels ... evidently a close loss to the Chiefs on Sunday was the straw that broke the camel's back . Is there any < PROPMALE > McDaniels could stop into San < PROPMALE > and ruin their franchise too ? 
So if you haven't heard ... I'm an uncle ! My sister had her baby on Saturday morning and we have been going non-stop since then . But I think < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be worth it ... ;) 
Mizzou's offense got off the plane in Tempe ... did the Defense take a later flight ? 
I sure am glad Iowa's leading rusher isn't playing otherwise Missouri would really be in trouble ... oh wait 
Happy 4 year Wedding Anniversary to my wonderful wife < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you so much and can't believe it's already been 4 years . ;) 
After watching my Tigers get a win , I've been watching the beginning of the next game on ESPN #3 Syracuse at #4 Pittsburgh ... this game has been nuts in just the first 10 minutes ... 
It took me 3 hours and 45 minutes to get home today .......... 
I don't care what they're selling , but the greatest website name is yourmomhatesthis.com 
RIP < PROPFIRST > DiPardo ... former creator and director of the KC Chiefs Wolf Pack Band . You are missed in the loudest stadium in the NFL and in Kansas City . Our thoughts and prayers go to his family . The one glimmer of sunshine through all of this is that he was still with us long enough for the Chiefs to regain some respectability . 
Yea ! Snow day !... Boo that is on my regular day off ... \ 
C'mon mother nature , you're supposed to know these things ... 
JCCC is closed tomorrow !!! 
People need legitimate encouragement early if they are to avoid eventual bitterness or despair . \ 
- originally from < PROPFIRST > Campbell ( and also as a frequent reminder from a good friend ) 
The guy providing the color commentary for ESPN 2's broadcast of the Mizzou/Baylor game , who happened to sound remarkably similar to Busta Rhymes ( sadly this is a real person ... look him up if you don't know ) , consistently annoyed the hell out of me through the entire game . It was like constantly being forced to listen to the ignorant drunk sitting behind you at the game ... 
I'm about done with this game ... it feels like this game is dragging on so we can thoroughly get the crap kicked out of us ... this is ridiculous . 
Remember global warming ... where did that go ? Did we skip to ice age already ? 
C'mon Tigers ! Let's take care of business ! 
I was really hoping Mizzou wasn't going to come out in the second half and still look like a bunch of clowns on national tv ... no Dixon , the ref is not on the team 
My bracket officially exploded today ... always good to donate 5 bucks to the cause . I was just hoping it would be my \cause\ " this March ... " 
Can anyone actually tell me if the story that < PROPMALE > is going to Arkansas is true ? \ 
Damn drama ... 
This game goes from slop to precision passing to herd ball ... what is going on ? 
via Dave_Matter from the Columbia Tribune on Twitter ... RT @benjaminhboyd : Arkansas TV station has told KMOX that < PROPMALE > will be announced as Ark coach Thurs with a 7 yr/ $2.2 million per deal 
I really want < PROPMALE > Painter to be the next head basketball coach at Missouri !!! 
We got Painter !!!! 
Well ... are there any other coaches looking for a pay raise ... we have an opening for you to exploit at Mizzou . No one expects you to actually take the job now ... 
