Can't wait to play < PROPFEMALE > Superheroes tabletop RPG today . Love me some roleplaying games ! 

Having trouble thinking of an awesome , inspiring , intelligent-sounding name for her new baby girl . < PROPMALE > suggests \Tonka . \"" 
Ate 3 muffins worth of batter before getting them in the oven . I should have just finished it off . Ovens should preheat faster . 
The baby gets up at 5:45 whether you want to or not . They don't come with snooze buttons . 
I love this hard , splattery rain . The thunder and lightening are great too . 
Would like to hear from homeschooled people and parents on how they personally feel about homeschooling . So ... message me please :) 
Blood pressure spiked today , 163/86 ( I'm normally 100/60 ) . Had gestational hypertension the last 4 weeks with < PROPFEMALE > , looks like it's starting much earlier this time around . Doctor has me checking BP 3 times a day now and reporting weekly . I feel so so 
Just took photos of a silver-dollar sized black widow outside my house ... didn't get a good shot of the belly but I saw it ! * shudder * 
Been researching things to do in Fort Lauderdale on our vacation next month ! 
Decided on a name for our baby girl . Makenna Shaine Cranfill . 
Is so freaking excited that her cloth diapers came in today ! Hooray bumgenius ! I hope they're as awesome as I'm making them out to be . ( I realize that being this excited about cloth diapers is kinda sad . ) 
loves Shutterfly ! Pictures I ordered were predicted to be delivered Thursday through Tuesday of next week , and got here today ! Always very pleased with Shutterfly . 
Is at the airport on the way to Ft . Lauderdale ! 
is enjoying vacation in Ft . Lauderdale , but wishes she wasn't so tired and in so much pain ! Being able to not feel hungry would be awesome too ... 
Is headed out for an early morning visit to the beach with the family . 
is more than a little disappointed with our room and experience with Wyndham this vacation . My family has been vacationing with Wyndham/Fairfield for almost 10 years with no problems until this trip . 
Last day of vacation . Is it weird that I'm really really looking forward to flying tomorrow ? Just not too fond about the whole being back home part . 
We're all tired and sick , but at least we're back home . Now I just have to muster up the strength to go to work tomorrow . Not because I don't want to , but because I feel like poop . 
is really really ready for this cough to go away ! 
is working in Cookeville this afternoon . 
is spending Saturday at home with her baby . YAY ! 
Making broiled steaks and mashed potatoes for dinner ... yum 
Had gestational diabetes test today , whoopee ! Hopefully I don't fail again and have to take the three-hour long needle poking session . 
Time for a nice hot cup of tea and then bed . 
I guess I gotta get ready for work ... taking care of a sick baby AND a sick boyfriend are really tiring ! 
needs to catch up on the rest of season 5 of House before the premiere of season 6 ... 
Taking the three-hour blood drawing gestational diabetes test on Friday morning , my birthday , yay . I passed it last year but this time I'm not so sure I'll pass . 
I see the 127 yard sale as Cumberland County's cruel , sadistic birthday present to me every year . 
I have to start fasting in 20 minutes for my gestational diabetes test in the morning . To make the most of it , I am consuming milk and cookies as it may be the last time I am able to enjoy them until Makenna is born . 
I'm so glad I got to see my parents today ! 
Is watching the season premiere of Shark Tank . Love it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > always goes down to sleep for the night with no problems whatsoever but tonight she is screaming and yelling . She is very sleepy and we did everything we usually do before bed . I'm wondering if this is a habit she has picked up at the babysitter or if something is wrong with her . 
Klingons do not pursue relationships . They conquer that which they < PROPFEMALE > . 
hopes she gets more than 3 hours of sleep tonight ... 
Had a great day today with family and work friends . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and Dr. P ! 
Didn't get nearly enough sleep , I feel like crap , and now I have to get the baby up , get ready , go to the babysitter , then work all day . For all you who say I never preggo whine , there you go . I would pay someone good money to come do all this crap for me so I can go back to bed . 
Mmm , < PROPMALE > is making hamburgers and they smell sooo goood ! 
Had a great day yesterday with < PROPMALE > going to the baby doctor and Build-a-Bear ! 
has the best baby ever . 
is totally crying at Extreme Makeover Home Edition .. 
Is gonna set up at a yard sale at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s house on Lantana road on Saturday and try to get rid of some old stuff that we don't need ! 
has packed her SUV full of stuff to sell at the HUGE yard sale tomorrow ! Come see me , it's at 1471 Lantana road directly across from Storie Ave . 
District 9 : two hour long motion sickness inducing gorefest . Good movie , interesting idea , just very hard to watch . 
made some banana bread , yummy ! 
packed her hospital bag tonight ... woohoo ! Now trying to muster up the willpower to put the ice cream away ... 
got < PROPMALE > an awesome thank-you-for-putting-up-with-18-months-of-pregnant-me present . I hope he knows how much I appreciate him ! 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > have < PROPFEMALE > ! Oh how I want to have this baby now ! 
has had contractions all day which got scary at one point , pretty painful ... I came home and laid down for a while - still having contractions but not as painful anymore . 
It is shaping up to be another false labor day it seems . 
will be going to the doctor tomorrow if she has another day like she had today . 
has a monster in her belly ! She wants out ! 
watching the House marathon and wishing all this pre-labor would turn into actual labor . 
Don't you hate it when you wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep for hours ? 
is cracking up at the Price is Raw ... this is hilarious . 
has already lost one dress size ! Yay ! Hard work pays off :) 
is having a great time in Gatlinburg with < PROPMALE > and friends on our joint vacation ! It is nice to get away but I do miss my girls . 
is up for day 2 of MACE gaming convention . Since almost all of the games were full before we got here , we'll be wandering around observing the mayhem and looking for PUG's . 
Pot roast and Transformers 2 on Blu < PROPFIRST > . All in all a good night . 
I hope everyone that is attending and staffing Kajonk-a-Con this weekend has a lot of fun . I hate that I couldn't help out or be there this year but with two < PROPFEMALE > babies ( and a full time job ) I just can't find time . 
is rebelling against < PROPMALE > bank . 
has been painting and deep cleaning her old house all week in preparation to rent or sell it , and it feels GOOD ! 
played cruise-control leapfrog with the same person for 2 hours on the interstate . If I pass you , that means I want to go faster than you are going . It is not an invitation to get back in front of me and slow down to your original speed . 
is still having blood pressure issues . Following up with the doctor in two weeks to see if we need to do more tests . 
is loving the new iPhone Facebook app update ... syncing contacts 4TW 
I make some awesome cornbread if I do say so myself . 
It's Doppelganger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status ! 
listed her house for sale today . 3/2 in good neighborhood , listed for $ 119,900 . Move-in ready , doesn't need any work ! Let me know if you are interested ! 
< PROPFIRST > Shatner + Monday Night Raw = Happy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so my urbandictionary definition is : \cristen : the sexiest mama on this earth . \ " Darn right . " 
food for the Superbowl party : Buffalo wings , BBQ wings , taquitos , homemade spinach and artichoke dip , cheese trays , homemade rye bread , chips and dip , pretzels , and other stuff I can't remember . I hope you can come and help me eat all this food ! :D 
is cooking the swedish meatballs , chili , and beer bread for this afternoon . Hope you can come ! 
Pet peeve for today : when people wave for me to go before them at a four-way stop and it was not my turn to go . If it's your turn , go . I understand that you're trying to be nice , but I get no pleasure out of driving through an intersection a couple seconds before I had anticipated . 
Ok , man or woman , if you're looking at a picture of < PROPFEMALE > Fox , and the first thing you zero in on is her THUMB , there's something wrong . Not with her thumb , with you . 
Avatar is my new favorite movie . 
Sunday - bread baking day . Yay ! 
totally did not expect four inches of snow this morning . 
can't sleep , may as well get my Facebook on and then exercise . 
has pretty much quit playing Farmville . I might pick it up again sometime , but for now I am on hiatus . So if you added me just because of Farmville , feel free to delete me . 
is officially down to a size 10 . Yay ! 
This hotel said they had a fitness center BUT THEY LIED 
is starting a petition to get < PROPFIRST > Davies to either change his password or quit sending the same message 5 times a day ... 
is moving to Nashville in two weeks ! 
moved a U-Haul full to the new house in Brentwood today . Whew ! 
is feeding Big Mak a bottle with one hand , typing with the other , heating up the oven to make some game fuel ( AKA pizza ) , and getting DDO started . Talk about efficient ! 
has officially gone from size 18 to size 8 in 5.5 months ! Woohoo ! * happy dance * 
The new neighborhood has curbside recycling pickup . Awesome ! 
apologizes ahead of time for how much of an emotional basket case she is going to be this week . I have never lived anywhere as long as I have lived in Crossville . I will miss you guys . 
So if DDO were real life , I would be standing in town square in full plate armor with spells prepared and weapons drawn , waiting for an hour while the men in my adventure party were all either sleeping , sick , or at a tavern . Not complaining , just thought it was a funny image :) 
If anyone doesn't have plans Saturday and wants to come help us move , let me know ! :) 
will be moving in this weather . Yay . 
is having a great first week at work ! 
OMW to get my girls ! I miss them so much ! 
Took the girls to their new daycare for the first time today . Whew ! 
is unpacking . Slowly . 
145 , 43 pounds down , 10 to go ! 
Watching House on my lunch break . Best day ever . 
is in such a good place in her mind and in her life right now . Embarking now on a journey of personal and spiritual development . Hooray for liberating life experiences ! 
I listen to headphones much too infrequently . I've forgotten how much I love being completely immersed in music . It's a good night . 
is officially registered for her online college class for fall semester . Yay ! 
is beginning to get nervous about her test tomorrow . Wish me luck please ! 
Just passed my COT exam !! 
just bought her books for this semester . I'm all official and stuff ! :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! It was a great day ! :D 
is going to make some hot chocolate and enjoy the meteor shower . 
Class starts tomorrow . So excited ! :D 
Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket ... 
Cookout at our house starts now ! Come on over if you are in Nashville :) 
The sound of the rain on the porch was thumping to a particular rhythm . After a few minutes , I realised that it was Pulse of the Maggots . Then I HAD to listen to the song . What a great way to start the day ! :D 
Got an iPad yesterday , woot ! 
I made homemade peanut butter cookies for my landlord for his visit today and he didn't eat any . Oh well , I guess we'll just have to eat them all ourselves ! 
is posting something just for the sake of posting something . Hope you enjoyed wasting the four seconds it took you to read this . 
Stupid kidney stones . 
I can drink beer in class . Going to college online rocks . 
Interesting , I have changed from an \extroverted\ " to an \ " introverted\ " . And I'm more rare now :) \ 
I went for a run in the park behind my work today . That's just the second time I've run since we moved to Nashville . I used to run 4 or 5 times a week . It felt soooo good to run again ! I've lost quite a bit of endurance , but it'll come back :) 
In a mad dash to finish a buncha homework . Ahhh I love it ! 
If heaven and hell decide\ 
that they both are satisfied\ 
Illuminate the no's on their vacancy signs\ 
If there's no one beside you\ 
when your soul embarks\ 
Then I'll follow you into the dark\ 
( thank you so much < PROPFIRST > ) 
Is so , so tired . 
Studying for mid terms tomorrow ... woooo 
thinks she aced her midterm ! Yay ! 
Nutella , where have you been all my life ? 
http://www.nxs.net/aboutus/news.cfm/?intid=64\ 
Yay < PROPMALE > :) 
is ready to start playing < PROPFEMALE > again . 
loves logarithms ! 
just scheduled her practical exam for her COT certification . 1 month left ! :) 
Central heating unit went out . Good excuse to use the fireplace ! :D 
is so happy about the beautiful harvest < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Good job , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Packing to go visit the family tomorrow in KY ! YAY ! Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone :) 
was on the interstate when all of a sudden , all the lug nuts came off one of my rear wheels and my car began careening violently all over the road . I feel so lucky to not have hit anything or been hit , especially since I had the girls in the car ! So my car is in Bowling Green KY and I'm driving a sweet red Impala until < PROPMALE > ( my car ) can get fixed and back home :) 
My treadmill is coming tomorrow ! So super excited ! 
has been honing her mad retinoscopy skillz . 
It's fun to look at the Christmas tree when you are having an ocular migraine . 
has a super duper huge test tomorrow , everyone wish me luck please ! :D 
Just completed my COT skills evaluation . Now the wait for up to 4 weeks for my results . Thanks for all the well wishes everyone ! I feel really good about it ! :D 
This is how I make tacos : prepare the meat and chips , lay out the cheese , sour cream , hot sauce and salsa , chop the lettuce , slice the onions and jalapenos , pile everything on a plate , section the avocado , rub my eyes , curse myself for always forgetting to wash my hands after I slice the jalapenos ... 
made a 96 on my pre-cal final ! 
Playing the DC Universe Online beta . Anyone else playing ? 
is getting a cat tomorrow ! 
just got my calculus book for next semester ! Wahoo ! :D 
Pandora radio , white wine , and finishing The Eye of the World ( again ) tonight . Great night :) 
Just ran 2 < PROPMALE > with Team Rio ! Great way to start the weekend ! 
Flu weekend . Starting to feel better now . :( 
I need a new ringtone . Suggestions : ready , go 
could have walked home from work and gotten there faster . This is beyond ridiculous . 
Calculus makes my brain tiiired 
tried to give blood on Saturday and couldn't because my iron was too low . < PROPMALE > heroically gave blood for me ! Thank you baby , you're the best :) 
Breaking < PROPMALE > and derivatives . Great night :) 
Great day today ! Got my iPad replaced for free , took the last part of my COT test , made a big breakfast , and now homework for the rest of the day . Yay ! 
Homework day ! Yay ! 
