is being lazy . About to get dressed for church now . 

is ready to start the weekend with some food and a good Madea movie . Tonight's feature presentation is \Madea Goes to Jail ( the movie ) . \"" 
is about to go get her workout on . Better late than never . 
is hangin ' out at the house wit the children . 
is headed to church . Kids practice at 6pm and service at 7pm . 
is heading out to th free Fort Bliss screening of TRANSFORMERS . 
was too late to get in for the free screening of Transformers . 
is really missing that sleep I should have gotten last night . But that's okay , babygirl leaves tomorrow for Europe and my momma comes to visit . Time to be a lil girl again . 
has just finished looking for more < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tributes and is calling it a night . Goodnight all . Love you . 
is not ready to go to work in the morning . 
can't wait for this week to be over . VA here I come . So long El Paso , I need trees and grass !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Everybody that knows the Suiter family , I ask that you pause for a moment of remembrance of < PROPFIRST > \Suiterboy\ " Suiter . He passed this morning and will be greatly missed . May God continue to comfort them in their time of grief . " 
just got in from the pouring rain . Wondering if I should shut down the computers in all this thunder . 
is thankful for cooler temperatures , but this rain ain't cutting my fro any slack . I'm growing out my natural , but slowly trimming off the permed hair . 
is procrastinating from all the things I should be doing . Like filling out my GI < PROPMALE > paperwork , completing my warrant officer packet , etc ..... I just want to relax . 
is finally getting into gear . 
is about to shower and shut it down for the night . Early day tomorrow . 
has bought a lawnmower , got my nephew outside cutting the grass , surfing the web for the best deal deal on a tv for my Grandmother's birthday . Did someone say it's pay day ? Obviously for all the stores and < PROPMALE > collectors . I'm broke already . 
just is ........... 
should be in be . d asleep , but still on Facebook . I may need therapy . Anybody know a good group treatment for FB addictions ???? LOL 
If you tomorrow would be your last day here with us on earth what would you do ???? No better time than now to give your heart and soul back to Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is wishing everyone blessed and calm Thursday . Let God's grace complete your busy week . 
is on her last few days in \Bad News . \ " Anyone interested in getting together over dinner Wednesday give me a holla . 910-273-1609 " 
Good morning all you Facebook fans . My time in Va is winding down so the plan is Busch Gardens today , dinner tomorrow with all my old friends I can gather , and the rest is a mystery . I leave Friday evening get at me if you want to go to dinner Wedsnesday . 910-273-1609 
Ok . Final conclusion is 7 pm at 3 Amigos Restaurant . The address is : 3120 Kiln Creek Pkwy . See you there if you can make it . If not , catch me Christmas when I come back to the area . 
is calling it a night . I had a blast connecting with the people who helped make me who I am today . I'm gonna stay in touch this time ! 
is slow to get to the tasks at hand but sure to get it done now that I am awake . Here comes a long tiresome day . Pray for me and my procrastination !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I got a lot of work to do . I got errands to run tile to take up and a wood floor to laydown , then the moulding and establishing my dining room once again . Any volunteers ???????????????????? 
is ready for this week to be over . Is it 2013 yet ? Wake me when it is October 2013 , so I can retire . 
is pretending to be working everso hard . Sometimes this Army thing ain't all that bad . 
is setting off to \Bring home the bacon !!!!! \"" 
is attempting to do this term paper she has been procrastinating on . Wish me well ...... 
\Time to make the doughnuts ....... \"" 
is glad class is over for now . I don't think I can take another class right now , that one had me nervous . 
Lots of work to get done not enough time or help to do it all ... what do I do ? Get started ? Procrastinate until I find somenone else to do it ? Suck it up and stat after I eat ? 
It's the weekend . I'm so glad it is here . Now to get past tomorrow morning and I'm straight . 
Just finished typing my sermon for the morning . Now just to get the words out without studdering . Lord help me , it's been a long time since I have had to do this . 
All is well with my soul and in my home . Today was good . I truly felt God's blessings throughout the day , even with complaining teenagers that plague my home . 
.... Well the weekend is almost over . It's back to the grind at O'dark thirty . I can't wait to retire !!! 
should be in bed asleep because a start a long week at the range tomorrow morning , and I am not looking forward to it . I just don't feel sleepy only a lil tired but I can't sleep when I go to my room . Pray for my mind I think my mind is working against my sleep schedule . 
Goodnight Facebook . I've been on way too long . Sleep well . 
Goodnight FB Fam . I'm going to bed no more sleeping on the floor for me . 
is planning on enjoying every minute of her Veteran's Day . It's the one day nationally my services are appreciated ..... Let's hear it for the VETS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is dredding work the rest of the week . I need a vacation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to bed . I did it again ... fell asleep in the floor on the computer . Gotta learn to go to bed on my own . 
is on the injured list . Severely sprained or torn quad muscles of the right thigh . Anybody got any solutions on this pain situation ????? 
is finally going to bed , as soon as I save this Power Point presentation . 
is counting down to my Christmas break . I can't wait !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
really needs to get moving to finish everything before I leave . I'm so ready to go home my head is banging , making it almost impossible to get ready . 
Will I have a white Christmas after all ? There's snow in Va and I'm going to check it out . time to countdown . 3hours til take off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is temporarily disconnected . My phone is out of commission . I'm trying to get a temp . 
would like to say \Happy Birthday !!!!! \ " to my Lord and Savior . And I wish all my FB Fam and friends a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . It's a blessing to see another Christmas . Let's all be thankful . On this day God gave us the best gift of all ; Himself in the flesh to dwell among us to show us we CAN be holy and just how to do it . " 
is back and in bed . I went and I saw now it is time to shut it down for the night . Goodnight FB Fam . 
Sorry FB Fam , I have been cut from you during work and you know children don't give you anytime to yourself . Why they go and cut off my stolen internet connection at work ? I've got to find a new source . I WILL be back , give me time !!!!! 
is watching the news , praying Ft Bliss is closed or at least has delays . Temp is 30 but with wind chill feels like 22 . What happened to desert heat ?? Is this El Paso ? 
Well as I always say \There are SAINTS and ' ain'ts . \ " Where my SAINTS at !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sorry Colts fans but you better bring your \ " A\ " game next time . \ " Oh when the Saints go marching in ....... \"" 
All my Bad Newz folk : Girl Scout cookies arrive TODAY !!!! Make your request known . My mom has extras , just call her at 757-245-7523 to place your order and she will ensure you get your GS cookies . If you ordered from me already give her a call at the same number listed above and she can arrange to deliver them . Her name is Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Crawley , Necee to friends and family . 
says time to get back to the grind . I can't wait ' til I can retire !!!!!!!! 
Two more days ... I just have to make it through 2 more days and the weekend can begin . Is it Friday yet ?????????? 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
glad the weekend is finally here , but now what ????? I don't wanna do anything !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is enjoying my curry chicken & rice before nodding off . Lord I am truly thankful and truly tired . Goodnight all !!! 
Good morning FB fam . TG !!!!!! Yeah yeah yeah it is Friday , but I want to thank God for all things not just FRIDAY . 
says I'm baaaaack .... and in need of a \Big Chic\ " and some yock before I leave . " 
is back in the \Sun City\ " and didn't get my Yock or Big Chic . Life is cruel !!!!! " 
back to work I go . I pray that everyone's Monday feels like a Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
says \Yippee it's almost FRIDAY again !!!!!!! \ " I can't wait to get away from the crazy people . Oh wait ... I live with some :) :} " 
Well today was a good day . I got hardly any sleep after my 24 hr shift but my problem child from work is no longer my problem . Now to get through tomorrow's range and duty afterwards . The weekend looks GREAT from here !!!!!!! 
\Can you say 2 days til the weekend ?!?!??!?!? \"" 
is ready for another weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\is it Friday yet ? \"" 
getting ready to head back to work from my lunch break . I wish I was sleeping instead !!!!! 
givin shout outs to my friend Shekitha !!!! 
just woke up on my futton . Gotta get some sleep before dealing with these Soldiers , guarding the American way of life and all its freedoms . Luv FB fam ! 
\Why am I at this luncheon again ??? \ " I really don't want to be here . " 
feeling strange . New people have come into my life , some have left or are leaving , and I can't have anything I want . I just don't know what I want anymore . Satan is trying to depress me while my breakthrough is on the horizon . Pray for me . 
is off to enjoy a beautiful day with the Lord . It's Church time !!!!!! Be blessed FB fam . MUAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is devouring this awesome taco salad . Who says left overs are boring and tasteless ? Yesterday's burrito , todays ' fresh made taco salad extravaganza !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I got seven and a half hours left of this 24 hour spread . Pray for and with me . I just need enough energy to complete this duty then sleep . I'm afraid the caffeine it's taking to keep me awake is going to work against me in the morning when I get off duty to sleep . That's okay though ... no more \Charge of Quarters ( CQ)\ " for me !!!!! " 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mother's out there . If I did not get to you personally , charge it to my head not my heart . Today has been a busy day and my child wants to take me to dinner now that I refuse to cook . 
feels horrible , but I passed my PT test no problem . Now to lose soem wait so maybe I can breath better . I've been having chest pains and breathing trouble for a few hours now . It's not over for me devil , get thee behind me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111 
All is well . I have allergies that are kicking my butt and I took a PT test this morning causing me the breathing trouble because I'm congested . Then I worked until almost 7pm . Now I have to finish some work and drug myself to sleep . I see the Dr. tomorrow . 
All is well . I'm feeling great . God continues to bless and take care of me better than I could ever do for myself . 
is at work fighting to stay awake while accomplishing my many tasks . Gotta love Army life . 
had a rough weekend , but I got plenty of sleep . Now another work week to put behind me . I'm ready for it to be over already . 
is SOOOOOOO thankful for the day off . But now it's time to work around this house . Anyone in the area that is handy with power tools and wants to help gimme a call .... 
enjoyed my weekend even though it didn't quite go as I thought it would but yet & still it was great . Ain't God goo ? He knows just how to get your attention ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be surprised at the responses you get ... This should be interesting !!!! 
Well I survived the FUN Day events and did not show my age not one bit . But when I got home a NAP was in order . I guess I'm not 12 yrs old anymore . 
Sometimes in life we don't get things packaged exactly how we expect it but that doesn't mean God isn't blessing us with just what we want or need . God , I'm waiting to see the blessing in this one ! 
Day 2 almost over . It can't end fast enough , but I did do something for my paycheck today !!!!!! God give me the strength . \He puts no more on you than you can bare . \"" 
Had a great time at church tonight . God really showed up and blessed , delivered and loosed the chains of bondage . I can't wait for tomorrow night . 
is in need of a vacation . Come one 21 JULY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is about to type of my message for tomorrow so I can read it if I need it and then prepare the food for tomorrow's FEAST . Good thing I can cook , with all the invites I got for barbecues(LOL ) ...... 
just got home from watching the fireworks . Man am I tired . 
headed to the Sprint Store to get my phone fixed . Be blessed all my FB fam . 
All FB fam & friends ... BEWARE my account has been hacked and is sending fraudulent messages . Please do not open any weird emails or links from me . Thanx 
is headed to the gym . Have to take my child to Basketball practice . I may as well get my workout on while I'm there !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is asking all that know the words of prayer please pray for the Crawley family . We lost my uncle , < PROPMALE > L . Crawley ( Bay Bro ) tonight . 
would like to thank you all for your prayers and support during this time of bereavement . It's not over yet but your support has truly been heartfelt and motivational . 
is relaxin in VA , enjoying time with the family . Now where all my VA friends at ? I'm getting a lil bored just hanging around the house ? 
is praying for the family , friends , loved ones , and co workers of SPC < PROPFIRST > Nichols . RIP my friend ( Shammers 4 ever ) 
is about to get a nap before having to get the kids and finish off this reunion in STYLE . Class of 1990 let's do this OUR way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I think I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to bed . I gotaa get some ZZZs before 6 am wake up . I gotta get up in a few hour at 6 . 
says all work and no play makes me a grouchy girl !!!!! Thank God for vacations and peace of mind !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
says : \Never can say goodbye .... No No no no . Tell me why\ 
why is it 91 degrees at 9:30 at night ? Can anyone tell me why El Paso is just so dang HOT ? 
says \It's back to the grind . \ " Where did the time go ? " 
is wondering why I just spent my last possibility of a good night sleep trying to download a song ? I should < PROPFEMALE > checked my ipod first , I already had it on cd & my ipod . LOL 
is glad it finally cooled off . The night sky seems so beautiful with the lightning dancing about . Too bad I can't enjoy it . 
5 down 6 more to go . Pray my strength doesn't fail me now . 
is praying the toorture would stop !!!! 
Today was the first day of my daughter's Sophmore year . I Showed up unexpectedly in her English class just to let her know I can reach and see her no matter where she is so she better be in the right . 
is not ready for another day of work . Calgon take me away !!! 
is taking care of a few errands . 
Don't forget El Paso FB fam , Parkland High School's Majestic Jesters perform tonight 6pm in the stadium for your enjoyment . This will be the debut of the 2010 dance team , featuring < PROPFEMALE > Crawley !!!!!!!!! 
Back to the grind tomorrow . Anyone want to switch ? I need more time to sleep . I just now finished more work I had to do since yesterday . 
pullin my last all nighter at McGregor range . ( hopefully ) 
has run 2 < PROPMALE > , changed my brakes , & weedeat most of my back yard . Now to put weed killer down in the front desert landscape , clean out the car , & do another load of laundry . Then it's ME time . I pray I make it , I've been too busy to eat & drank so much Powerade I feel I'll bust . Thank God for 5 days to get this place together . 
is finally finished all I plan to do today . Now to find me something to eat , a good movie , & curl up in bed . I so desperately need a LIFE !!! 
just finished taking a shower , making myself a ground turkey/beans/cheese/jalapeno burrito . Now to bed with the tonight's feature movie : \Faith Like Potatoes . \"" 
needs help . Anybody know where I can rent a pony or two for a kid's birthday party in downtown Newport News ? I need an affordable pony party for Sunday if possible . Please call or comment on this post if you have any leads . I already hit up everyone on google . 
Thanks everyone . The party is planned and I'm sure the kids will love it , < PROPMALE>' definitely will . Thanks again . 
is finally going to bed . going back to work tomorrow after 5 days off and withonly 3 hours of sleep . Pray for me . 
is shutting it down for the night . Had a wonderful weekend , but it's back to the grind tomorrow . :-( 
is shutting it down for the night . I can't wait for the weekend , I am drained . 
has got a headache that could stop a freight trainmoving at 200 MPH . 
I can't wait til quitting time tomorrow . Bring on the weekend . 
is glad this week is over . But man o ' man is God giving me a TESTIMONY . Breakthrough is on the horizon !!!!!!! 
It's too early to be getting ready for work . I wanna go back to bed , been awake for over an hour stressing about nonsense for this range . 
I pray everyone had a blessed Thanksgiving . I know I am late but I had one of the busiest Thanksgivings I have ever had in my life . I cook until I ate and had guest waiting on me . But the food was on point and well worth the wait . 
Happy birthday to me . Happy birthday to me . Happy birthday to MMMMEEEEE , happy birthday to ME !!!!!!!! 
I want to thank ALL of my FB friends & fam for the warm wishes and shout outs for my birthday . There are too many of you to name , but know that the love was felt . You guys made my day a special day & lifted my spirits . I personally replied to some but there were just too many to keep up . I love you all and want you to know each of you are special to me . Love ya ! 
A campaign has started here on FB to stop the violence against Children . All you have to do is change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Keep it up until Monday ( Dec 6 ) . There should be no human faces on FB , but a flood of fond childhood memories . Please repost !!! 
One more week . VA here I come !!! 
Is this week over yet ??????? 
16 hours 43 minutesand counting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! On my way home . 
5 hrs and 54 minutes remaining til blastoff !!!! VA bound !!!!!!! 
shout out 2 < PROPFEMALE > mississsppi wuz kool 
wazzup atl is everybody 85 rite now ? 
wazzup < PROPFEMALE > ? 757 here I come , hope y'all ready . I'm coming to collect my gifts . 
did I just see a sign with a cardinal ? would that be the VA stateline I see ? YAY YAH !! 
is dat water I c . woo who . penisula moniter merrimac < PROPFEMALE > looked so gud 
I's HOME . I's HOME now !!!! 
Christmas was good but what's with all this snow ??? 
Christmas was good , but what's with all this snow ???? 
On my way home . Oh , on my way home . Fix it Jesus fixit like you said you would ... Well you guessed it , I'm on my way back to Tx , Sun City . 
Good morning El Paso . O magnify the Lord with me and let US exalthis name together . I sought the Lord , and he heard me , and delivered mefrom ALL my fears . 
Rise shine FBF . This is the day the Lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it . ( Psalms 118:24 ) I was glad when they said unto me , Let us go into the house of the Lord . ( Psalms 122:1 ) \Now get up and get ready for church !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ " :} " 
Cogratulations to the Parkland High School Lady Matadors basketball team , with a 35 to 28 win over < PROPMALE > Valle . 
Almost the weekend again ... can't wait to sleep in . 
Is not liking this snow & freezing weather in the desert right now . I wanna go home !!!! 
What good is a snow day if you have no electricity ? Lost power in the middle of watching a movie & before I fixed breakfast . Technology has a way of biting you 
Sisters Merity & Evans have a special prayer request for the return of the power to their apartment . 5 hours and counting with no heat or electricity . 
I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Diabetes . I know my family will , my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it ! Hope to see this on all status today . 
Well I lasted itil midnight to say Happy birthday to my baby . Night all !!! 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ! ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* 
Glad it's Spring in El Paso , but hatin sittin out here in all this heat playing Army . 
About to shut it down for the night . Had an easy day followed by a light workout & being annoyed by teenagers . Look where God has brought me . Night y'all . 
Babygirl finally made it in from AZ , two and a half hours after the time they told us . Now to lay it down for a few hours . I's ttttiiiiiiirrrrrrreeeeddddddd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another beautiful day God has blessed me to see . Now let's pray the \Toy Soldiers\ " and \ " Village Idiots\ " don't mess it up . LOL . Keep me in your prayers . " 
Night FB fam . Back to early morning PT again , no more sleepin in . UGH !!!! 
