Australia beat us to 2010 ... :( 

Back home for a week and I don't bother updating ... made sadder by me leaving for ANOTHER 2 weeks on Saturday 
Is it just me , or does heavy metal guitar sound like its angry at you or something ? 
Two weeks away from home ... my own bed feels better than ever 
A friends friend died , I hurt myself with a construction grade stapler , and I need to start summer reading ... not a good day ... 
[ 10011 0 ] [ 01100 11 11 10100 ] [ 1 10100 ] [ 01000 10101 10010 10100 101 ] We'll start with something easy ... 
Fixed my room , now i can see my floor 
A week of summer left ..... were are my fireworks ? 
Im goin ' to Disney land ! 
Another week of summer ! Whoo ! Time to finish my other 2 essays ! 
Microwave your ice cream ! It actually works ! 30 sec . and its thawed and STILL cold ! 
First day of school ... Yay ? 
Disney is buying Marvel ... so yeah . 
It has been 38 days since somebody has updated this sign . 
Got mistaken for Indian for helping an Asian kid in Chem .... Is it irony or just sickening coincidence ? 
Arrrgh , why do Virus Scans eat so much RAM ? 
Another day another test narrowly studied for at the last minute . 
Q : What runs on 40 watts of power , has a 30 to 90% fail rate , and is arguably the most important part of human life ? 
Woke up at 6 to make food for the poor ... and what did you do first thing in the morning ? 
The 19th is Talk like a Pirate Day !!! That is all 
I wish I had first period free . If I combine that with the optional Liturgy tomorrow I wouldnt have to show up till 10 . 
I got a bonus point on my science test for a doodle ... I think the year's looking up 
Would it be selfish to hate loosing badly needed sleep over having to do < PROPFEMALE > work ? 
Quare operor ego praecessi ut schola ? Non sum promptus pro Latin expertus ! 
Asian kids getting homework answers from me again ... At least a sterotype is broken 
One day to write a paper detailing the Dark Ages and the factors leading out of it . Can he do it ? Will he survive ? Tune in next time to find out ! 
I broke my foot ... by kicking a guy REEEEEEALY hard on the < PROPFEMALE > . FML 
Why am I half-dead untill 11 AM but completly awake at 2 in the morning ? Stupid internal clock ... 
Would swine flu be more intresting/horrifying if the the victims turned into pigs , ot had pigs grow inside of them ? 
Trimethylxanthine + Me = :) 
I have the sudden , horrible urge to set a monster truck on fire and ride through town on it .... 
Zombieland . T'was good . 
If the world is going to die due to meteors , Im climbing the mountain with a baseball bat . 
Set fire to some Purell today . It was more intresting than I thought it would be . 
\Do you enjoy packing boxes ? \ " Hardest . Question . Ever . " 
Yay , I'm fifteen !... Now what ? 
Rofl waffle ! Its whats for breakfast ! 
\I have a strange hatred for humanity today . \ " \ " Me too ! \ " \ " Hatred Buddies ! \"" 
The Barvarian Fire Drill Theory : Say anything with enough self-confidence , and people will listen . 
New record : Facepalm acheived within . 02 seconds of seeing a person 
No . Just no . 
I went to Hell and back and dethroned a war god . OH ! I also won a cooking contest ! 
Is it just me or are JUGS just practice for B . S-ing a paper ? 
Wheeeeeee . 
one shell , two shell , red shell , blue shell , death-on-swift-wings-comes-for-you shell ! 
Why does only the saddest stuff get awards ? Of the 25 winners and runners-up chosen from 2000 to 2005 for the Newbery , four of the books deal with death , six with the absence of one or both parents and four with such mental challenges as autism . Most of the rest deal with tough social issues . 
1257 . No , the answer to the problem is not to make a gatling gun out of bazookas . 
The priest got his Latin wrong , advenio means ' I come ' , not ' to come ' 
The guy elbows me in the face and makes me bleed , ref doesn't call him . I clasp for a quater second too long and he resets . WTF ?! 
Won a free Guitar Hero Game . YAY ! 
Anyone else starting their Christmas shopping tomorrow ? 
..... Christmas 
Saw Sherlock Holmes . 
As we bid this last year a farewell , let us ponder one important question : \Where the hell is my jetpack ? \"" 
Happy New Year . 
Wheee ... Religion paper ... 
Wheee MAG Beta is pure amazing so far 
I found $5 in my pocket ... I'm happier than I should be 
3 second into home and < PROPMALE > Python greets me 
Forgot to eat today , so I just got a 3x3 for breakfast 
I accidentally a whole can of soda ! 
Went to the hospital and managed to freak out the doctor a little . Should I be worried or consider it an accomplishment ? 
Son , I am dissapoint ? __ ? 
So , can you travel back in time and you want to kill Hitler ? Yes . He's been killed six times : the Time Police gave up finding new candidates and have just started cloning him . ( There's a facility outside Hamburg in 1921 , actually . Feel free to drop by . They give tours . ) 
Got $475 . Yes . 
Im on a trip , stopping at In&Out 
3 hr wait for food . Kind of sucks . 
Civilization : The game you play when you want Ghandi to threaten you with nukes because you allied with < PROPFEMALE > to take down Bismark who was moving in on < PROPMALE > . 
New video game for me ! 
I am wraked with such hearty guffaws that , in addition to rolling to and fro upon the floor , my posterior has seperated itself from my body . 
Who should I use next ? The mad scientist , the hippie , the U.N buerocrat , the monopolistic vendor , the gun nut , or the fundamentalist nun ? 
Two best news stories today : an alien challenging Hawking's thought that they are a risk by comparing it to the AZ anti-immigration law , and the approval of a video gaming badge for cub scouts . 
My computer is now de-bricked ! 
Now to ruin the bible : God had sex with a subordinate , left her pregnant , gave no child support , and then arranged to have the kid killed in the most painfull way possible . 
I'm really hating this project . Why did I put it off again ?... Oh , right , I hate myself . 
What's in the road , a head ? 
Letters Game : Clock 
Last day of actual school . Yes . 
Life : Guaranteed to absorb all your money , free time , work time , energy and\ 
attention , before you know it . On the plus side , also includes crack . 
I've lost 5 pounds since I've stopped exercising . Apparently , playing video games and eating junk is the most effective diet plan ever . 
One more day , of which only two hours are spend in school , of which only 100 miniutes are spent on work . I can do this . 
I'm leaving . Don't bug me for the next ... 3 days 
So , stalled practice PSAT . 
Up at 4 playing Silent Hill . I don't heavily recomend the combo . 
Waiting in line for a roller coaster . 
I can't tell if a deconstruction of the Sesame Street theme is depresing because it's turning the singer into a strung out hobo version of the puppets or because it's supposed to be a happy song . 
Happy International Steam Punk Day . 
My dog got out . Haven't found him yet . 
Hiku are simple\ 
Only thirteen syllables\ 
Refrigerator 
going to see avatar . Shamwow screwed up in every field but ... oh well 
The Image Board That Shall Not Be Named forced Bieber to tour in North Korea . I love those guys . 
Going up to the mountains for 10 days . What could possibly go wrong ? 
10 days of hiking and finally back . A greasy slice of pizza never tasted so good . 
Found the scariest thing ever in a game : a completly empty room . No chest , no people to talk to , no plot importance . I spent half an hour trying to find some use for it . 
Best euphemisim ever : \Veritcal meat pistol . \"" 
Ah , invader zim . I've forgotten how much of a mindfuck you are . 
You know how you're supposed to add ' In bed ' to fortune cookies ? I do the same with super powers . Only with ' only to cook eggs . ' 
Leaving for a 66 mile walk to a resturant . See you in two weeks . 
our train got struck by lightning . 
Finished 90 < PROPMALE > on foot . Wake me up in a month . 
Cement Poisoning\ 
n . : What a person dies of after being pushed off a mulit-story building . 
One day down , another 200-odd days to go . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
My dog puked outside my door . Nice . 
[ I tought what I'd do was , I'd pretend to be one of those deaf-mutes . ] 
I was recomended milk cola .... don't know if want . 
The worst thing about going out is that you're not in your house . 
I am now part of a Historical Pre-Enactment Society . Next weekend we're doing the Robot uprising of 2015 . 
Cue mexican standoff between a fifty three year old vietnam vet\ 
wielding a light machinegun and a private investigator with a revolver\ 
almost as large as his forearm . In the middle of a burning building\ 
surrounded by slowly advancing zombies . 
wake up at 5 am , keep working till 10pm , go to sleep , repeat . Isn't life grand ? 
Finished ! Finally ! And more tomorrow ! 
Three day weekend and not a break for me in sight . 
New background , new profile pic . 
Arga flarga riboflavin ... these notes take forever to finish . 
I accidently made a pun while typing up a paragraph on Shakespeares puns . At least it wasn't an obtuse penis reference . 
Reading The Grapes of Wrath is worse than being a sharecropper in the Dust Bowl during the Great Depression . 
Two periods with movies . It's a Good Day . 
Guess which classes I have homework in ? \ 
Every last one of them . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars is going 3d . I don't know quite how to react . 
Every two years , computers either shrink in size or double in speed . By 2018 , we'll be working with chips one molecule wide . Yes . 
If I had a boat and every time something broke I replaced it , would I have the same boat in a hundred years , once all the parts were replaced ? 
Tuesday : Find out what group presentation is . \ 
Thursday : Present . \ 
Is Harville trying to say something about procrastination ? 
If you are the master of ursine infantry , then it is within your power\ 
to make sure that they stick to a vigorous physical training regiment\ 
to ensure their battle readiness . Don't let anybody tell you different , \ 
you have the right to exercise armed bears . 
1660 . Even if we just stole all their alkaline chemicals , that does not mean all their base belongs to us . 
Fallout New Vegas . Found a refrigerator with a skeleton inside . In the middle of a nuked out desert . Subtle . 
Latin names ? The decimation of troops ? And the corect symbols ? Wow . The guys making Fallout made it vaugely historically correct . 
Found instructions for power armor , a rail gun that uses coins for ammo , and an incinerating laser . BRB making Iron Man suit . 
Got a Nook , uploaded all my reference materials . Burned through 50% of its built in memory in on day . I think I deserve a trophy/achievement . 
I really hope my main cahracters are afraid of one or more of the following : large , iron doors , fast moving vehicles , spiders , meteors , and/or giant robots . 
I have seen the future . I reads like a typical science fiction novel . Towards the harder end of the scale , though . 
\The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated . \"" 
Sick . 
I was eating a bacon sandwich while researching Islam for my research paper . How long in Hell is that ? 
Chose a number between 1 and 8 . 
Recomended amount of sleep : Minimum of 6 hours\ 
Amount attainable : 2 hours 
Got back from the poverty sim . I was a crippled grandfather taking care or two kids , one with ADHD , while my wife worked as a grocer . 
I'm using one of Shakespeare's many , many sex jokes in my research paper . It refers to female masturbation , in case you're wondering . The line , not the paper . 
It took a grand total of 8 hours to break the security features on the last Pokemon game . People really like their pokeymans . 
Happy Turkeycide day everyone ! 
3 cups of coffee is not conducive to legible handwriting . 
Patching up some holes in the boat that is my story . 
Number of web comics read : 32\ 
Number of books read for pleasure since high school started : 0 
Yes . \ 
Because yes . 
What is on my desk right now : < PROPMALE > mummy sarcophagus , spent shotgun shell , two < PROPMALE > pigeons , an upside down safe filled with 10 pounds of pennies , 10 decks of playing cards , a stuffed Pikachu doll , jelly beans , color pencils , and my homework . 
At this point , I seem to be trying everything BUT my homework . 
Operation : Leakspin ? Classy , Anon . 
Found my old Magic cards . It feels wierd , like a cross between relapse and nostalgia . 
Theoretically , couldn't we lower the sea levels by taking out all the fish and other < PROPFEMALE > life ? 
I believe I've reached that point on the < PROPFEMALE > curve where lack of sleep counter acts any further study . 
> mfw the noisy ad begins with a loud \Coughing can be annoying ... \"" 
Why do all my gaming sessions end in attempted rape ? 
Spent the last 12 hours fighting people . 
Won a multi-tool . 
BRB Turning the late 1900's into a Yu-Gi-Oh episode . 
Saw Tron . I'd like to think that night clubs as a physical representation of a playlist . 
In Egyptian mythology Geb and Nut , the earth and the sky respectively , were lovers and were constantly together . Ra was understandably annoyed at this because it prevented anything from living and so commanded < PROPFEMALE > , the air , to separate them . Therefore , obelisks were built to represent the earth's constant < PROPFEMALE > to rejoin the sky . Clearly , we can all learn many things from the Egyptians . 
My sisters got a cake for her birthday . It then got covered with ants . 
27 pages of notes , including colored diagrams , due on the 28th . If you don't hear from me in 3 days , send a search party and some food . 
Finished 27 hand written pages , with colored diagrams . Finally . 
A preposition is a horrible thing to end a sentence with . 
Whee fire crackers ! 
As fun as performing a cremasteric reflex test sounds , I do not think I shall perform one anytime soon . 
I have frightened people with a little girl and fortune cookies . The spider/human crossbreed and zombies did nothing . But fortune cookies and an unarmed little girl frightened them . Am I weird at writing or are they weird at recognizing threats ? 
I am torn whether I should torment my players by throwing more junk at them or by making an invulnerable monster < PROPMALE > them so they hurry up . Empty rooms are no good as they will spend a few days tearing up the floorboard trying to spring a trap or something . I am conflicted . 
Sent a cat hacking up organ at people . They didn't care . 
wwaiting at the DMV . wheeeeeee ~ 
Sure the prosecution has put up ample ' evidence ' , but let me ask you this : If I was guilty would I leave so much evidence ? No ! A guilty man would try to cover it up and burn the evidence or something similar . The sheer amount of evidence pointing to me means I could not have possibly committed these crimes ! Their own argument defeats itself ! 
Stupid , stupid computer ! Losing my outline 2 days before it's due ! 
You never realize how much work those monks put into every book made before the printing press was invented until you need to hand write 20 or more pages along with colored illustrations . 
Thanks to the half-day , the lack of homework ( for the most part ) and the day off tomorrow , I almost thought today was Friday . 
Just got back from Berkley . Got a few CSP hours and learned some new stuff . Not bad for half a day . 
If the word ' hate ' was written on every quark that makes up every part of every atom of every molecule of every cell of every organ of my body , it would not equal 1/(1*10^27 ) of the hate I feel for my history paper at this second . 
Oh no ! My history paper is do Monday and I haven't started ! lolno , I finished days ago . Feels good , man . 
asdajsgjfddasaljls ! First 5 hours of my spring break were spent in front of my computer while I sit in an office building . Sadly , I probably would've done the same at my own house ... 
Download patch that keeps New Vegas from glitching so much . \ 
GLITCH IMMEDIATELY ! \ 
I MAD ! 
Why is it that , whenever I have a clean room , I can never find anything ? 
The most anachronistic part about Neuromancer , the book that made cyberpunk , is not that Japan took over the world economically , nor that the USSR outlasted the USA , but that there are still payphones . 
Atlas Shrugged is now a movie . Let the flame wars begin ! ( When does Bioshock get it's movie again ? ) 
WHY DO I KEEP WASTING MY SPRING BREAK AT MY PARENT'S OFFICE ? You can tell I'm mad ' cause my Caps lock is LOUD . 
I am most definitely not wasting my time watching children's cartoons . Nu-uh . I am making productive use of my time by studying . Most definitely . There are no video games involved here . And most certainly no playing with the dog . Nothing but studying . 
Only several minutes of headbanging my keyboard will adequately capture the emotions I have towards school tomorrow . 
I am being punished for having no real < PROPFEMALE > to go to the dance on Saturday . No , I don't understand why either . 
My laptop runs so hot I've cut my energy bills in half ! 
I believe quite a bit of my story will rely on Chandler's Law quite a bit due to AP season being open . 
Arg , why won't Guile's theme stop playing ? 
10 more days of school , not counting off days or weekends , but counting finals . Finally ! 
