i cant get over the r6 itll have traction control and wheelie control when the new model is dne testing on the track . 

is pissed with the current standings for the ama motogp series , team yamaha sucked big balls in topeka raceway yesterday . 
im psyched about the tournemants i won in the mid < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > golf tour . i got 2 1st place finishes , and 2 third palce finishes . 
doesnt kno what he's doing for his birthdya on friday . : / 
is so not excited bout his granmotherr and his 2 least fav aunts coming up tommorow . F *** my life . 
great day got $250 from grandparents for 17th 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJPYueFqtAM&feature=popt17us13 
drunkest guy ever 
hey everyone there is no school tommrow , wensday the 17th . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_3m3DXwXjc&feature=related so gonna save up to get the new one . Yamaha YZF-R6 09 
after a trip to the Emergency Room my life is back to normal , worst bloody nose EVER ... 
dammit i might have to go back to the ER . nose started squirting blood again . $200 got me 2 cottonballs with some afrin squirted on them , 2 popsicle stick taped together to pinch the nose . 
finnally got a haircut today . i cant get over how short it is , might put a picture up later , idk 
worst day ever ... oh yeah and whats up with those damn stinkbugs , had like 20 of them in my room . 
thanks < PROPMALE > . that puts a different perspective on things . 
at . work cold . 
Forget earth imma pack my bags and move 2 pandora 
done at work , satls in the morning 8- 2 . then work after that at clustered spires . got a 20 dollar tip today . 
does anyone else get tired of this game we play all work and no fun each day . all i want to do is chillax . just put my feet up and kick back . 
gotta be at work at 615 , man why does it have to be me , i want to work but i have to sleep what < PROPFEMALE > just let it be . 
off to work 
live your life like you have only ten minutes left . 
yo i wonder who the 5-1 is looking for . There r 3 helis with spotlights hovering and circling 
why does life suck so much sometimes ? 
damn shot a 75 tthis afternoon for 18 holes . best round in a long long time . 
damn almost got rrod . 
i need to get away from < PROPMALE > . 
yesterday when we were getting high , you were invited .... drake's new album is by far his best 
i feel pain when we touch , cuz i know we cant gain from this lust , but we must live this put without any doubts bur man i think i could shout up to heaven wow its qaurter till eleven , i would ask god why life is a fraud , a mirror image of our flaws , a shoddy imitation of a person's dreams and temptations , the realization that our choices can shake this nation down to its basis , its makes me stop and think , do i ... 
yo theres a fire downtown . see the smoke from popeyes . 
man i wish i was a firework . every second of my life would be filled bright lights , its a shame i cnt go out with a bang 
is at chipotle , forgotten how good it was ... 
why does everybody try to pick a fight . life would be better if people were nice . 
got stung by a wasp . still cant figure out what they contribute to the wildlife . bees help flowers . wasps ...... 
jeez im feeling slightly qeasy , maybe ill take this nice and ez , i spit ryhmes better than akon and young jeezy , im lyrically da best , while the rest is inept 
i spit rhymes so nice , it should be a crime , today im pretty low on time , i just want my < PROPMALE > to shine , 2 show people what i design , my raps r lyrical attacks 
These rappers need 2 take 2 steps back , I'm coming after them like I was shaq nd they're < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , people say I could be inspirational but I'm Castro reincarnated my verbal dictations create sweet sensations , that reverberate across this nation , I u rap u better sit down I'm goin on a verbal laydown 
It's not a secret that I'm heir to the crown of the fresh < PROPMALE > of bel air , this is not important her nor there , I'm not saying I'm fresher than martymcfly , but I can't deny that NASA said goodbye I'm pretty sure that I'm probably in orbit , so take a second to sit back and absorb it , the money never lies , I'm on of the best upcoming rappers from the east to the west side 
Can't wait for ocean city . Getting rims for my truck too , maybe 22's . 
just had my fml moment of the week . no 22's unless i only want 2 rims . they dont have 4 online . 
Finally 18 
on the way to ocean city ! 
my day is great we stopped at sonic . 
whoa the place we are renting is on the beach . never expected that . 
wondering what to do tonight . dub has a car show here might hit that up . 
wow of course it has to rain in ocean city today 
ocean city is slowy flooding . im basically in a huge puddle . 
wow i hate all the haters 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is by far one of my new favs . this dude makes the sickest beats . 
cleaned my rims today . shiny as shit . 
anybody know what you do with negatives on the physics hw ? 
< PROPFEMALE > sharks are really just < PROPFEMALE > fishes , cuz u kno they dont got those six digits . 
done with braces tommorow , 
wolfman was an awesome movie ... despite the volume problems . 
i wonder whos rocking a 3.6 GPA this year ? it couldnt possibly be me now could it ? 
why are old people such bad drivers , my neighbor almost back into me while I was in drive . And then I had to back up so he wouldn't hit me . 
why is it that the more money you make , \ 
the more hate a person generates , \ 
im looking at a problem social status creates , \ 
i geuss they think money suppliment happiness , \ 
and forget there a method to life madness ... 
had a blast today . went ziplining ... 
it got so cold all of a sudden 
pissed of that im not going to have my costume tommorow . \ 
pacman will wait for next year i guess .. 
When will it be warm again ? 
Got that Persian Silk flow , Still fresh as death , im the prototype on the mic check my mechanism , you in a lower weight class im above , more bars than the rest of the rap game can show , more gold bars than Fort Knox has stowed . 
rollin downtown looking for a fresh grind , when i park cars i dont pay for the meter , check my heuer , jump out and turn my swag on < PROPMALE > , pumpin to some hiphop throwbacks , back when people used to freestyle , not < PROPMALE > and his weak style , Em's fresh and better than weezy or drizzy , he lyrics create a flow that leave u flling dizzy , take out the beats and keep on walking , i like to let my bars do the talkin . 
follow your dreams and dont worry bout nothin else 
can i just graduate already ? 
about to have an amazing day in DC . 
man i want warm weather so bad . 
At Verizon getting all my contacts added to my iphone 
Today was an amazing day . I just wish that the weather could stay like this for another month or two . 
sucks that I don't have my camera with me . the dark clouds and strong sunlight would make some awesome photos 
