Happy New Years to everybody I love 

is really missing her ferret < PROPMALE > Boy tonight . I had to put him to sleep in July , 2008 . This July will be two years since I had to put the little darling to sleep . I miss him so much . I am longing to hold him again , but in reality that is not going to happen . I can hold his spirit close to my heart , but that is not the same as holding his actual body . 
I have a headache 
says for all of you who like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > he died at age fifty last Thursday and it is said that he died suddenly from cardiac arrest . 
got a b for her final grade in sociology 101 
is going to the baseball game today . Yay !!! 
had a ball at the baseball game last night , even though we lost . Pirates still rock though . 
is too damn hot 
likes to run around like a crazy person . 
says a couple more days until she goes to < PROPMALE>'s Island with her bestest friend in the world . 
Just got home from vacation earlier today . Had a blast . 
I have to go get a sonogram today . I don't want to , but I know it is for my own good . 
I'm hott and tired and sweaty in the college computer lab . I'm breaking a sweat just typing my notes on the computer . 
is on a computer that's not hers . 
my ear hurt and so does my head . 
likes to run in traffic playing real life human frogger . There are no frogs involved . Just humans . 
wishes her dad were home with her . He's on a trip to the Bahamas , I think , for work . 
mom says she takes Christmas to a whole new level . Which is probably true because I am listening to Christmas music on the internet while i'm cleaning my room . I'm more into the funny and kids Christmas music . I'm just trying to get into the Christmas spirit , about three months early . 
I have landed myself another daycare job . Yippy !!! I got the interview the same day I called which was today . I'm so happy . 
I'm insane !!!! _Stewie 
is looking forward to going to Ohio with her mom and while her mom and her aunt goes to the Detroit football game she will be spending time with her favorite cousin and uncle . 
hopes Kimmie is feeling better . 
says it's about time that the Steelers run like they stole the ball . Their last couple home games were sickening . 
says today was not that great of a day 
says happy happy joy joy 
is going out ice skating with her best friend < PROPFEMALE > from College 
had a quiet Thanksgiving with her mom and dad . 
is decorating for Christmastime . 
is tired today 
says in the words of Quagmire \gigity gigity gigity goo \"." 
feels a cold coming on 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > slept over last night . 
is so excited about her weight watchers diet today . Her daily point value is 26 points and she only used 16.5 points . Whoo hoo 
I went to weightwatchers last night and I lost six pounds in a month . 
is going to see if she can get that job at giant eagle . 
I got a B in college intro to biology for my final grade . 
got her atm card in the mail today , but the problem is that it's under my old last name , my maidan name . I want it under my new last name , my adopted name . But , I called the number on my card and sorted it out . They are sending me a new one in the mail . Things like that is so darn frusterating . 
and her friend < PROPFEMALE > woke up extremely early . Blah !!! 
played outside in the snow with < PROPFEMALE > , her dog . 
is going to stretch out , because I am tired from playing out in the snow with my dog . 
is going out to shovel snow . Ugh 
I have to straighten up my room 
is waiting to see her doctor . 
is going iceskating tonight 
has a headache , and is not sure if it's going towards a migraine . So far she has no < PROPFEMALE > flashing around her eyes . I have a little bit of ear pain as well . I hope to get my migraines sorted out . 
Today was a cold and snowy day . I'm glad I am done running errands . I didn't want to go out today , but I knew I had to go to the library and I wanted to find the weightwatchers meeting downtown . The meeting was surprisingly easy to find . I like it better . It's more convenient for me and it is more than one day a week . 
Happy Trails 
is pooped out from shoveling her driveway and sidewalks and stairs . While she was shoveling < PROPFEMALE > was acting like a crazy baby by scurrying through the snow . < PROPFEMALE > kept getting tangled up in her leash . I had to keep rescuing her because there was a thorn bush between her and the leash . I didn't want her to get stuck by those mean nasty thorns . 
My first day of class went extremely well . My teacher is so nice . 
I am seriously thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > . My plan is to get all my core classes done at CCAC and then go to vet tech school downtown by next fall . 
lost one pound since she went to weightwatchers last week . <3 
seriously can't stop laughing . I am just full of giggles . 
is the luckiest girl in the world . She has a wonderful life and a wonderful support system . She has a wonderful dog , a wonderful family and wonderful friends . 
I got a 97% on yesterday's quiz in college academic strategies . I'm so happy . :) 
I haven't had school for quite some time . I'm really liking it , but I am starting to get really bored out of my mind . I miss school . I love to learn . 
Today's a good day , so far . I have one class today . After class I then have to go pick up my meds at the Giant Eagle and I have to do a little shopping and then I may go down to the park and hit golf balls in the baseball field , depending on how I am feeling . If I don't feel like going to the park I may just stay home and study . 
is miserable . Spring time allergies are killing her already and spring just started . She feels like a blotchy blowfish . 
Take a second to think about what life would be like without parents to guide us through the darkness and into the light . 
I had my job interview at camp bow wow this morning . I loved it . I got to play with the small dogs . They had to pugs who were so cute . The one pug didn't want to get off my lap . I love her . 
hasn't been sleeping very well , but she has been laying down without the tv on by nine o clock . I dread going to sleep . 
Grrr , another night of tossing and turning .... not good . If I don't get some sleep soon I don't know what I am going to do . Sleeping is suppose to be relaxing , but not for me it isn't . All I want is some sleep . Is that so much to ask ? 
I slep like a baby last night . I feel loads better . 
I have crampy cramps . I feel like crap . 
I love my brand new noise canceling headphones . They work like a charm . I can't hear a thing 
This is a message to all my friends . I hope you are having as blessed of a day as I am 
My project is just about finished . The outline is finally finished and perfect . I just have to cite my work . 
We had a pool party at school and they brought in a dunk tank and I got to go up in the dunk tank . It was wicked awsome . The only problem was that the water was freezing cold . 
Today was a great day . I can't really say why . It has just been a great day . 
I find out something last night . Lemons give me migraines because I had lemons in my water and I had a bad headache when I went to bed . It was not pleasent . 
Today was a great day . 
Today was a quiet and rainy day . I didn't do much at all today . I just puttered around on my computer and just puttered around my room . 
<3 I think the whole world should know that I have the greatest puppy in the whole wide world . <3 
Can't wait to start my job at the dog daycare after my semester ends in the middle of May . 
Another weekend has come and gone . 
My day started off on the wrong foot . First I forgot to turn off the alarm and then I managed to fall down the stairs . I missed a step . 
Didn't do as well on my project as I wanted to . 
I don't mean to brag or toot my own horn , but I got a perfect score on my outlining assignment I did a few days ago . I'm doing good . :) 
<3 This day just keeps getting better and better . First I got a perfect score on my outlining assignment and then the independant living group home wants me to move in by Monday . <3 
Today did not start off on a good foot :( 
Just got home from clothes shopping with my mom . It was fun . She's trying to make it so that I don't dress sloppy . :-) 
Getting ready to go over to my friend's house . We may go fishing or hit golf balls tomorrow . :-) 
I cleaned my room and dusted it and vacuumed it . I got my things ready for when I move out . 
I kicked butt . I cleaned my room and dusted it and vacuumed it 
I'm probably definately moving out of my parents ' home today . 
I'm home for the day . I have to go back to the group home after dinner . 
I just got back from walking the five k . I just walked five < PROPMALE > and I am beat . 
I am dragging today . 
It's hot and I am sweating like a heffer in a hot tub 
On these hot days make sure you drink lots and lots of water or gaterade . Keep sucking it down without stopping . 
Some people are just rude . 
I went to see Hairspray last night . It was awsome . I was dancing in my seat . I'm going to see it again next Saturday with my mom and my aunt . 
I am on the computer 
Im on my way to class 
Everyone makes choices . Some make good choices . Some make bad choices . I hope everyone makes good choices 
I feel like crap . Im dizzy n shit . All i wanna do is go home and lie down . I cant do that . I have an appt with my therapist 
Im laying down watching an < PROPFIRST > sandler movie 
Woke up feeling much better . I felt like crap yesterday . 
When i was growing up my mom didnt know anything , according to me . 
There is this dog at camp bow wow who doesnt get along with other dogs . She is so sweet . I love her to death . I want to adopt her , but we have < PROPFEMALE > a 
nd on top of that i dont live with mom and dad anymore . 
I love eating dinner with my family 
I wish a job would just fall out of the sky for me . Finding a job in this economy is so hard these days . I wish some company would just call me randomly to ask if I want to work for them . I'd say \yes\ " in a heartbeat . I'm despert to find work . " 
Fall is in the air . 
I need to stop butt dialing people and lock my key pad 
I have a job interview today . I am excited . 
The job interview went well . Now I am just chillin with my friends . We r watching \Yes Man\ " It's a great movie . < PROPFIRST > Carre is an awesome actor . He is so funny . " 
Yes Man is the greatest movie ever . You haven't lived until you watched Yes Man . 
I am now watching inglorious basterds . 
I am so tired 
I got laundry to do when i get home 
I just cant seem to wake up this morning 
Cant wait until fall . Im sick of this miserable heat . 
Im going to the bar with my friend from highschool on saturday . I will be responsible at the bar . Im not gonna drink much . Im just going there to < PROPFEMALE > ou 
t and have a good time . 
I can color inside the lines 
I have a bellybutton 
Im on my way to work to play with dogs and of course clean up poop . 
My dog < PROPFEMALE > is the greatest dog in the world . I love her to pieces . 
Im lucky to have a circle of amazing family and friends . 
Loves her life 
I am doing good staying on my diet and eating only what is on my menu . 
Was able to get money from the bank without taking any lollipops out of the jar 
Im on my way to the bar to get wasted ... just kidding 
Doesnt feel good 
I hate people sometimes . 
I havent been feeling that great the past few days . 
Dont let life get u dOwn . Just keep swimming 
Eating filling foods is the key to a healthy weight loss 
Im doing pretty good staying on my diet this week . I made a reward system for me . If i go to the gym ten times in a row i am going to buy something spec 
ial for myself . 
Its almost the start of fall . I cant wait until fall . I love fall . 
I love the cool , fall air 
I need some weight loss tips . Got any ? I need to lose weight now . 
I need support on sticking to my diet 
Looks like rain 
Watching wife swap 
Im waatching glee 
I've only been living at the Balph House for four months and I already have memories to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Had a good day 
Friends are Quiet Angels 
Is hooked on GLEE 
Has a stomach ache . Somebody plz make it go away 
Today is a brand new day 
If u have a problem , < PROPFEMALE > on me . 
There was shooting near ccac . Can somebody plz explain to me what the point of shooting someone or something to get ur point across is ? I dnt get it 
Playing with dogsis my forte 
I have home work to do when i get home 
Is watching the eye . Its a scary and supensful moovie . 
Have school today 
Im going to c grownups 
The movie is starting 
I wanna get chocolate wasted\ 
\ 
-grown ups- 
Im making tacos 
Is debating whether or not to < PROPMALE > in criminal justice . I cant make up my mind 
I hate doing chores 
Today was not that great of a day 
Life is getting better tomorrow cuz i get to go to work and play with doggies . 
Is getting the < PROPFEMALE > of crocheting , finally 
The rain is pretty . It smells so fresh 
Im at curves stuck behind an older woman 
I love my life . I am so blessed . I have a wonderful circle of friends and family who will walk through fire for me . 
On thursday had a very bad dog bite At work . The dog bit my lip bad 
Im happy i didnt lose my job the day the dog bit me and tore my lip off , literally 
They came up with a new playstation . Playstation move . Its like a wii . It is motion sensored , but it has a camera that knows ur every move . It knows when 
u jump , kick , etc 
Im watching bull riding 
Keep ur fingers crossed for < PROPFEMALE > . She was a < PROPMALE > dog at camp bow wow who just got adopted . YAY !!! 
Is against abortion and all for adoption 
Maybe its just a squirlle thing 
I HATE FOGHORNS !!!!!!! THEY R SO ANNOYING !!!!! 
I am an oompa loompa 
Any man can b a father , but it takes someone special to be a dad 
I love my job 
Off to the spirit store to get a costume for a halloween party . 
I had a good time at peoples oakland today . It is the first time i went since august when we took that trip to baltimore . 
Friendship is a beautiful thing . 
Im on my way to work . I love doggie daycare . 
I need to make a schedule starting next week . I do much better when i stick to a daily schedule . 
Like 
My tummy hurts . Its like a dull pain in my abdomen 
Hopes to get home before the rain 
Is going out with her roommates . 
My head is friggin poundding . It feels like its about to explode . My head feels like it is in between to cymbals that wont stop banging together . 
Im on my way to work . I feel kind of crappy today for some reason 
Cleaning cabins at work is tedious . I wish i were in with the doggies 
Next semester i am taking intro to criminology and juvinile delinquincy 
This is halloween where the veil between the living and the dead r thin . \ 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!! 
I love this kind of weather 
Vote tomorrow 
I might b put on a sleeping med again . I cant wait . I need to get some sleep soon . 
Dogs r a man's best friend . I love doggies 
Happy November First 
My radio on my ipod is working again . I dont know what happened the last few days . But , who cares , its working again 
I need sleep to come to me . I am not sleeping well these days 
A bird pooped on my new purse 
I ate too many potato pancakes for dinner . My tummy huurts 
Im going to school early . I have to finish chapter six for class 
I wennt to bed early 
Im trying to cook dinner all by myself , but i almost caught the stove on fire 
Im reading a sad book , one of the child called it series . The last book in the series 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning even tho she went to bed early last night 
I feel like shit 
Class is over . I am going home and laying down . 
Loves heating pads 
I need a new phone . My phone keeps shutting off whenever it feels like 
I love thinking about uncle bills happy times during his life 
We had a girls night , just me and my roommate . We did nails , scary movie and massages . It was a spa type night . 
I need help . How do i sort out my abandonment issues with my biological father . Throw some advice at me . I am all ears . 
Im sick of disappointing people in my life . It is heart breaking todisappoint 
I feel like crap , emotionally 
If u r having a coco puff day say '' I '' 
I am so sleeeeepy . I could take a nap right about now . 
Rain rain go away never come back ever again 
Im on the bus going to skool 
Uncle < PROPMALE>'s Birthday is coming up on November 30 . 
No school all next week 
Tomorrow it is thanksgiving ! Gobble gobble gobble 
Happy thanksgiving facebook 
Im going home for thanksgiving . 
I had a good thanksgiving with my family 
Im at school 
Zumba time ! Yay ! 
Everyone is born with a father , but not everyone is born with a dad 
I had a dream i got an F on my final . It wasnt a dream , it was a nightmare . 
Im planning on getting a new phone 
Every living being is unique , for better or for worse ---- matilda 
Im caroling 
Ohio ! Here i come ! 
I cant wait until christmas ! 
Cristmas please come soon 
Im at work 
Im going to bed . Good night all !! 
I had a wonderful day . I got an A for my final grade at the end of this past semester . 
Im siked for tomorrrow 
I have to go to the doctor's tomorrow 
I am sick and cranky 
I cant wait to smooch my < PROPFEMALE > at midnight tonight 
I just put in a job application for dunkin donuts 
Depression hurts cymbalta can help 
If this snow keeps coming down like this classes may be cancelled . I will not mind , because it will give me more time to read chapter one for both my classes . 
Grrrrrrr ..... grrrrrr ..... gr 
Had a fun time playing w her sister at camp bowwow 
Says keep ur hands off the merchandise 
Med level two here I come . 
If love alone could've saved you , you never would have died . \ 
RIP < PROPMALE > Boy and Phoenix 
The pain you feel is stinging me just as bad . 
Zumba was fun as usual 
Beginnings r happy , endings r usually sad , but it's the middle that counts the most . \ 
-Hope Floats- 
Uncle < PROPMALE > , we all miss ya to pieces . We love ya . \ 
RIP Uncle < PROPMALE > 
Here is the joke of the day . \ 
what was under the water when the titanic sank ? \ 
icy dead people ( i see dead people ) 
:( 
My alltime fave movieis grown ups 
Criminal justice juvinile delinquent class is eztremely interesting 
Sick as all hell . Sore throat . Hard time swallowing . I have a test and a doctor appt so I can't stay home . I wish I were home in bed . 
It is almost test time . I think I am very much ready . 
STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS ! Whoop whoop whoop ! 
TOUCHDOWN ! Yeah boyZ 
We opened up a can of whoop as at the game last night . \ 
We won ! 
What a great day ! 
Today was a great day . I danced through the day . Life is good ....... 
My criminal justice teacher is funny 
Talking to some people is like talking to a friggin wall . They don't listen to u 
i got the internet on my phone 
i am doing good . i stopped taking my melatonin last night and i am doing good 
i got the gold < PROPFEMALE > for being random in class today 
I'm on my way to school . I have my midterm test today . I'm nervous . What if I fail ? 
Im going home for dinner after work . 
< PROPFEMALE > is the bestest little doggy in the whole world . She gives the bestest kisses ever . 
I think I am getting sick . I dont feel good 
Spongebob squarepants rocks 
I need a new laptop . My screen is shot . Anybody know of a good price on a laptop . 
Today is not a good day for me . 
Today is a much better day . I am in school waiting for class to start . 
Today is depressing , all rainy and depressing .... blaaaahhhh . 
I went to the st < PROPFEMALE>'s day parade in town , even tho I am sick as a dog 
Going to church with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hanging out with my girl < PROPFEMALE > . Good old < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just dropped off a job application at dollar general . I hope I get the job . 
Grrrrrrrrr 
Watch fear < PROPFEMALE > com . It is super creepy 
I need a job . I have applied to virtually every place in the Pittsburgh area . Any ideas ? 
My tum tum hurts 
I am on my way to camp bow wow . Camp bow wow is fun . I love interacting with the doggies . Doggies r fun . 
I am at home for dinner . It smells good . 
I am in class waiting for the teacher to start lecturing . We just got done with the ccac survey . 
I am tired ....... blagh ..... its time for more mountain dew ....... the dew is the stuff 
Who the heck is on my side ? 
I love all u people within my family and friends 
To Uncle Bill --- please tell me u r okay . Send me a sign or something . Let me know how ur doing . Just please send me a sign . I love u so much . 
< PROPFEMALE > lost the < PROPFIRST > keys . Oh darn . 
I am so bored . Hey dog when u take a break from repplying ur lipstick how about taking me to the park . Stewie from family guy 
I have a < PROPMALE > tooth ache 
I am sooo sick of being on the bus today . I am tired and I wanna go home to play my new computer game my friend got me . 
I had so much fun with my girl < PROPFEMALE > . We watched Orphan last night . It is a creepy movie . The orphan is a born psychopath . The twist to the movie is spooky . 
