waiting for dinner 

Party to the heavens for 2011 ! 
on the way to republiq .... pre funking in the Navi . Yeeeee ! 
Doing BIG things in 2011 ! 
Things are starting to get better as the says go . I'm more focused than ever and laughing at those haters as I set sail for the better . 
Damn I'm 26 today and I don't feel that much older . Oh well ..... lets live it up as much as we can . We don't live forever ! 
Life is short . So lets make the best off it . Quit putting off plans and goals and conquer them today . Take advantage of your oppurtinuties and < PROPFEMALE > every single moment cause we are not promised tomorrow . 
The countdown has begun .......... 
Damn .... another freakin paper ! 
Its nice to know there are true homies out there . Good looking bra bra ..... 
Well . I guess I'm leaving everything on GODS hands ......... 
My mom's youngest brother past away a couple days ago and it is sad week for us all . He was a great uncle that kept you motivated to conquer your dreams . I miss you uncle < PROPMALE > ! I know your in a better place with Nang and Tang . I love you all and I know I will see you guys one day . But unitl then , I'm gonna make this life worth while . 
Yes sir . Friday is the day . Let everyone and their mothers know . It's on and poppin . Cheaaa ..... 
Wow . Its crazy . I am finally here . Get ready Seattle . 
Its sooooooo good to be back ! 
Just got done running in sun . What a great summer day ! 
I'm bouts to start play tackle football again . Can't wait to get on the field and lay some hacks . 
Practice went well yesterday and I made an impact on the field and impress the coach enough to play this saturday . But I am sores as hell .... can't wait to play in the game though . Let's Go Xtreme ! 
One more time . This time for good ! 
What a nice day . Hmmmm ... what to do . what to do . Maybe I'll go for a run . 
Now-a-days the circle of friends should small and tight with the people you trust with your life and got your back until the end . 
I'm having a few people together to go out tonight . I think are meeting at All < PROPFEMALE > for the pre-funk then to downtown around 10 or 11ish . Come one , come all . We bouts to do it big Seattle ! 
It is so nice out today . Perfect day for a bbq . I'm going to workout first so I don't feel so guilty gorging on the island foods . 
Well last night was a blast ! Time for round two . Who's up for it ? 
I think its about time I go and check out the bite of Seattle . 
Damn ... I really miss my beautiful little Princess-Bella ... Daddy loves you soooooo much . 
Just got my hair braided and it looks fresh for the weekend . 
Daaammmnnn ...... it's nice outside . I should probably workout then do some kind outdoor activity . hmmmm ..... got it .... i'm gonna hit up the river/lake/ocean . Something to with water is a must . 
The Republiq was so poppin last night . Venom was crackin too . There were so many fine ladies . 
Just got back from floating down flaming geysers . It was a blast . 
I think Alki is a must on a day like this ! 
It is a good day for nice long run . 
What's poppin on wednesday nights ? Somebody text me and let me know what's good . 
Bellevue is my new hot spot . I love the way its all set up out there . 
I'm on my way to work ... bartending at a wedding in Issaquah . 
well another wedding .... time to be a mixologist again . $$$$$ 
What a beautiful day ! So much to do ..... 
Friday the 13th ! Look out for < PROPFIRST > tonight as ya'll go out partying . 
< PROPFIRST > Frazier B-day party tonight at the Republiq . It's going to be on and poppin ' 
It is freakin hott . I fell like I'm back in Saipan . 
On the grind for he next 13 straight days ! $$$ 
Finally a day off . I can do something fun and exciting . 
Last night was a blast . I'm up for round 2 . 
Friday . Just gettin the weekend started ! 
MNF is finally here . 
Off to work ... gotta make more mula baby $$$ . 
Getting my hair did ! Waiting for the night . 
Off to play .... time to burn off some steam ! 
Last night was disaster .... but made the best of it as usual . 
What a beautiful day . I hope the fall is this nice . Life is all good right now ! 
Gonna go get my hair braided then hit up the barber for a fresh line up and then off the sisters graduation . Love ya sis ! I knew you could do it . 
Well looks like the perfect day to get a good workout in . LA Fitness here we come ! 
Another perfect day to get a good hard workout in . I love LA Fitness ! 
My phone broke over the weekend and I cant get to my contacts .... so I basically dont have any < PROPFIRST > . So people dont think I'm avoiding ya . I just dont remember your number by heart . 
I hate being sick ..... plus I cant call into work which makes it that much harder . FML 
What a gorgeous day ... LA Fitness then getting my hair did again . I love having friday and saturdays off . Love my Life ! 
Last night was a blast ! I'm feeling like I need to hit up LA Fitness ..... where is my workout partner ? 
I cut ten inches off my hair last friday and donated to cancer patients . I feel like I'm helping out in this cold cold world . :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZUman000 
Freak night is only next weekend ..... I cant wait to go . It will be the first time I get to see the real freaks coming out at night . Plus Lil ' < PROPFIRST > will be headlining . 
TGIF ! Gym , braids , then party time . I love the weekends ! Cheaaa .... 
Downtown Seattle here I come ! 
Still in the lookout for my costume this year . Any suggestions ? 
Gotta love the weather right now ! So much to do today ..... 
Got da filthiest braids ever ! Ready to get the night started . 
The day has finally arrived ...... get ready for the night ya'll . Freak night here we come ! Cheeeeaaaaaaaa ! 
What a record day ! I guess the fall wont be too bad ..... hopefully 
I can get used to this weather in November . ;) \ 
The weekend is here . Hmmm ... what should I do tonight ? Anything is possible . Love my life ! 
Great weather on friday .... what more can I ask for ? 
I'm bouts to be rollin like a big shot . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > tuned up like as Nascar pit stop . 
Whats good fb ? Its friday , worked all week now its time to go blow off some steam ! 
Big things poppin on a Saturday night . 
Just woke up after working a 12 hour shift of snow plowing . Damn I'm tired . Time for round 2 . $$$$ 
I love the weekends ! Lovin my life right now .... yeeeeeeee !!!!!! 
Big plans for the weekend ...... can this week go any slower ? 
A little tease in the weather ..... suppose to rain all week .... weak 
Woke up to sunshine ..... cant wait to get the day started and the evening going . Yeaahhh < PROPMALE > ! 
Idk what would happen without my cousins . Their the best ! 
So I know my 27 is only three weeks away ... so I'm giving everybody a heads up . This years b-day is gonna off da chain , party bus , dinner , V.I.P. and then some . So if your lucky enough to get an invite I suggest you attend the party to start off 2011 
I have this great intuition that 2011 is the be my greatest year so far . Get here already ..... 
Dinner and a movie on friday night wit a hot babe ..... sweet ! LML 
I'm getting my whip tomorrow ..... excited as hell ! Yeeeeee ..... 
Just got the whip and I'm feeling myself right now .... even though its wet and rainy outside I'm out pushing it . 
I am truly a procrastinator ..... havent started xmas shopping yet and I know the mall is packed . Oh well I love living life on the edge . 
Still havent finish xmas shopping .... in a mad rush ..... ughhhhhhh ! 
I always fall for your type ............. 
Off to make more mula baby $$$$ 
just got the white blackberry torch . yeah < PROPMALE > !!! 
2011 is less than 24 hours away . Let's set off the New Year right . Republiq is the spot tonight . Come help me bring in the new year wit a < PROPMALE > bang ! 
need seahawks tix . any got em for sale ? 
TGIF . This weekend is bout to be the isshhh !!!!! 
Just got done grocery shopping for the parlay tomorrow .... now just gotta sit back and watch and maybe help a little make some islander food ...... mmmm 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes and especially to those who came and help celebrate it in a big way . 
let's go DUCKS ! 
Seriously wanting to leave this state soon .... there is nothing here for me . I need a much needed vacation ! 
happy hump day fb 
just seen hasselback at the renton practice facility ...... I wished him good luck on sunday . 
warming up ... getting ready to play this football game . LETS GO ! 
celebrating a win at the Sports bar with the best pizza in town ...... the works ! 
this the year for Packers . 
what a beautiful day . just can't waste these rare < PROPFEMALE > winter days 
I hate being sick . 
its rough going thru these long days without my daughter by my side . lord give me the strength to make it . 
just another day on the grind ! $$$ 
Finally the weekend is here . So much to do and so little time to accomplish it all . 
Well is time for to hit da town tonight ! Let's go ! 
just another bump on the road of life I have to overcome . 
Green and Yellow ! 
I hope I find a better road to take cause these detours are getting harder to overcome . LORD give me the vision to take the righteous path . 
ugh ... mondays are so slow . 
time to refocus and dedicate all my energy , effort , and time into regaining my daughter back into my life . 
My homeboy < PROPFIRST > is getting married on monday .....! 
Finally a day off .... time to get the weekend started . I got BIG plans for my boy on sat . Remember yall its a surprise so lets not spoil it ! 
at the bar with the homies ! 
on a good one ..... yeeeeee !!!!! 
on the way to the Lucky Strike wit the Groom ! 
I can't stand fake ass peeps ! 
My boy just got hitched ! Congrats bro !!!!!! 
well this day just reminds me that I'm still living in Seattle ... snow ... hail ... rain .... sunny !!! four season in one day . CRAZY !!! 
snow plowing all night til morning . $$ 
I use to love it when it snows . Gather some peeps and go drinking and sleding .... now I work and no snow play . 
grabbing a new fit for the night ! 
playoffs !! 
on the grind once again !! $$ 
cheers to new beginnings !! 
can this night go any slower ? fml 
time for some pho ! yumm 
Finally the weekend is here .... time to blow off some steam !! 
is getting the night started early . Yard Arm !! 
just left da yardi .... off to All < PROPFEMALE > !! 
time for some hangover remedy . I love me some pho !! 
I just wanna gig 
pre-funkin .... waiting for this shuttle . let's get right tonight !! 
on the shuttle gettin twisted !! yeeeeee !!!!! 
just another week of grinding ! gotta make dat mula baby $$$ 
lil sis is in labor ..... so excited !! can't wait to meet you little baby . 
downtown bound baby !! 
is headed to Lucky Strike !! 
I hate workin on sundays ! 
let's go SOUNDERS !! 
Bout to go see < PROPFIRST > the movie then off to watch the Huskies tear it up !! I love the weekends ....... cheaaaaaa !!!!!!!! 
let's GO HUSKiES !! 
snowboarding was the shiznit !! now its time to go play 
I need a new job !! fml 
Happy Hump Day FB ! 
Life is great 
Pre-funking at the homies crib ... getting ready to hit the town up !! life is grrreeaatttt !! 
Today I dont feel like doing anything ...... 
ughh ...... I hate being sick . fml 
