new years < PROPFEMALE > is over , but I have a feeling that it wont be long until the fireworks start again ... and do people really have to save the loudest ones to set off at 2 or 3AM when some people are trying to sleep ? 

* ~ yawn ~ * [( yon)(Y-A-W-N)(why_ay_double-you_en ): verb . An expression of tiredness or boredom -- in this case : both . ] 
I just got my grades for my first semester at HPU ! * drumroll * 4.0 ! win ! 
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ................................. sup . 
boredom = quiz time !!! 
I think thats enough quizes for one evening ... and i did a bunch i didn't post , too ... 
braces off friday . yay . 
Whats up ? 
got his braces off ... finally 
* yawn * tired ... and its not even 2 yet ... what gives ... 
has so much to not do ... and so much time to not do it . 
something weird happened ... if you got something from me at around 10:33 PM , let me know ... i just got a weird notification saying i sent something to everyone . It didn't say what i sent other than that it was a notification . just a long list of friend's 
summer school starts tuesday . my first taste of college . I hope it goes well ^^ 
my glasses broke ... all i did was wipe them like i normally do and the frame snapped . \irreparable\ " according to the lady who fixes glasses at kaiser . ghetto . lame . my old glasses give me a headache ... and it will be a week or two before i get new ones ><" 
wassup ??? 
Yay I can now talk to my favorite cousins whenever I like^^ face book is awesome . 
its hotttttttt ............. i wish summer were cooler ... 
summer school starts tuesday . first taste of college . i hope it goes well . 
starting summer class tomorrow . 
going to summer school . 
Class went well . The professor seems like a cool guy . And there is actually less homework than we had in ms Kung's trig class in high school . 
meh .... 
hotttttttttttttttttt 
. 
happy 4th of july ! 
is trying to figure out what to do right now . any suggestions ? 
now using gmail instead of yahoo . If you want to know my new email message me . 
oooh ... you know you like it ... O.o 
OOhoo ... you really DO like it XD 
eh ... yawn tired sleepy all that good stuff ... or else .... not so good > < 
sup 
so slow ..... 
bleh .... eh ... what is \truth\ " anyway ? like seriously ... any ideas ?.... am I getting paranoid ?.... eh ... but thats a different question altogether now isn't it ? " 
I cant bear to watch/read the news anymore ... its sickening ... 
College countdown ... 2 more weeks until college starts . 3 more until I start wishing summer was longer . 4 more until I can tell if I'm screwed or not . 
hot ..................... 
Got my first college report card .... 4.0 !!!... but ... only one class XP 
School starts tomorrow ^^ 
Creating desktop backgrounds without the proper software is a real drag ... at least it turned out ok ... 
Bleh ... I need to check facebook more often .... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Anyone happen to have Xenosaga 3 ( PS2 ) and not want it anymore ? please ? 
2 finals , a presentation , and 5 short papers and i'm done for the semester !!!! 
wow i'm like super bored ... too late to start playing a game or do the last 2 papers , but too early to sleep ... ITS A PARADOX !!! joke ^^ btw . anyone have an extra copy of xenosaga 3 ? ^^ 
today presentation , tomorrow exam , friday another exam , saturday PARTY ^^ 
passed the english final ... all thats left is ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all ... and to all ..... a good ... ZZZzzz ... ZZZzzz ... huh ? um ... uh ... Night ? But seriously : < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Even though it doesn't really feel like Christmas is coming to town this year ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Yawn ... 
epic boredom ... oh , and Happy New Years ! 
I'll say this now because I don't know when I'll get a < PROPMALE > if I wait : HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE !!! 
Do any of you happen yo play Starcraft ? 
I need a new way to pass time . Any suggestions ? 
Done with finals !!! now to see how i did ... 
???????????? (Final exams are over ! ) 
Ah , Summer ... in Kailua , that means hot nights and swarms of termites ( which actually don't taste half bad ... one flew into my mouth while I was talking a few minutes ago ... though I still don't think I will make it a habit of eating small flying things >.<) . 
( really ) White boy + sun = no fun :( 
Hmm ... 4.0 GPA again ... I wanted a 5.0 .... fail XP 
I Haz Job ? XD 
My xbox died ... red \ 
ring of death and despair ... just reserved one of the new 360's that \ 
just came out a week ago ... hopefully they are as good as they are \ 
supposed to be ... $300 dollars I didnt want to spend . At least my wifi connection will ( hopefully ) get better . \ 
\ 
Now I'm just waiting for an excuse to get my mom to replace the house's router . That would fix the rest of my problems . 
Technology hates me ... Now I might loose my laptop for a few days ( or longer ) to fix my trackpad that isnt working so well while I still have the warranty ... at least it's still under waranty ... unlike my xbox ... which is stll dead ... \ 
I still have my ipod , though ... \ 
Just watch : its gonna break on the way home from dropping my macbook off at the computer place ... does anyone know any good books ? XP 
Took my computer in earlier today . My iPod is proving it's worth . If only flash worked on iPods ... Should have my computer back soon ... 
Happy 4th ! 
I got my laptop back . I can click ! ... but now it might even be a < PROPMALE > too easy XD\ 
Apparently sometimes gas can collect in the individual battery cells . it looked like there were at least 4 cells in the battery , and only one on the end looked swollen , but it was enough that the battery was busted wide open . literally . 
Got my new xbox today . plugged it in less than an hour ago . Unfortunately I have to wait until i can get a transfer cable before I can continue any of my single player games ... unless someone is willing to let me plug my harddrive into their xbox so i can transfer to a usb device . 
anyone know what the optimal idle temperature for a dual-core processor is ? I tried looking it up but I couldn't find it ( all I found were people complaining of high core temperatures ) . Im idling around 50C with my fan at 3000rpm ( 1400 rpm faster than the default rate ) , and I know it used to run cooler ( because it feels warm at 50C core temp , and it used to feel cooler . 
????????????? x_x 
Preparing my laptop for school and stuff ... backups , formatting drive ... cant do anything at the moment because my computer is so slow ... I guess thats what happens when you are moving several gigs of data . \ 
On the plus side , no more dent . looking for a hardcase . 
School starts Tuesday after next ! hooray for air conditioning ! and ... uh ... hooray for learning ? \ 
Seriously , i feel line i'm falling behind on my Japanese ... summer is too long ... i wonder how many of my classmates have been studying a lot over break ? 
School starts next week . 
School has started . Already finished my first class . This is gonna be a very very very expensive semester . 
tvtropes.org\ 
It's a really interesting site to go for a wikiwalk in ... and if you dont know what that means , go to the site and look it up . But be warned ... you might accidentally find things you might not want to know ... 
I've already messaged a few of you guys about this , but this weekend , I will be filming a short project for my video production class . If anyone is interested in acting in it ( its really simple ) , Just let me know . I'm hoping to do the filming Saturday around noon , but it depends on when people are free . I plan on doing the filming either in kailua town or the fortstreet mall area . 
I plan on doing my filming Sunday at around 10 ( if you dont know what im talking about see my previous wall post ) , but that could still change . Its really simple , so if anyone wants to help out that would be great . Let me know by saturday afternoon at the latest , so i can plan better . location TBA , but most likely in or near kailua town or the fortstreet mall area\ 
Thanks ! 
Cutoff\ 
for if you want to help out is 10:00 pm tonight . If i dont have enough\ 
people , I will have to do somthing other than what I originally planned\ 
which would mean changing locations . I will need time to notify those\ 
who wil be helping out . 
Current filming plan is to film at 10:00 AM at the triangle park across from castle hospital , thouh it may be postponed by a few hours . if anyone can come , that would be appriciated . final announcement will be tomorrow shortly before 9:00 AM via facebook . 
Filming's complete . Relieved . I think it turned out pretty well for a first movie . Now I just hope my professor likes it . 
???????????????????? XP 
GIMP is gimped ... go figure ... 
I haz photoshop 
I feel like crap . im glad my 3rd class today is canceled . \ 
cold medicine is awesome . colds , not so much 
My next video project will either be a Halo : Reach Machinima or a news webcast parody . I just need to hear what my teacher thinks before I decide . Either way , if anyone wants to help , let me know . I'll post again with details later , once I know which i'm doing . Vid class is fun ... but probably my hardest class . 
Finished editing my video project today . Unfortunately some of the effects i was planing on using didn't work like i expected them to , so i had to improvise a bit . I'm happy with how it turned out though . That , and i'm , happy to be done . I can finally take a break . XP 
Another video project . This time , it's on facebook . Smile for the camera ! 
I'm looking for high-res photos of people who are obviously not in hawaii ( as in there is something that cant be found in hawaii behind them , like snow , for example ) to use in my video project . I plan on asking a few of you individually , but any pictures you can let me use will help . Thanks guys ! 
I still need a few pictures , so ... please ? 
Video project is finished-ish . It depends on my professor's feedback . I just hope he wont make me redo the whole thing ... I'm worried that final cut reduced the video quality too much . 
Does anyone know someone who has a voice that would be good for a commercial ? I need someone to do a voice over . Apparently my voice sucks . 
Video project ... complete ? I just hope my professor likes the changes ... I basically did what he suggested . 
I will NEVER use finalcut to encode a video again . I re-encoded my video from . mov into mpeg4 h . 264 using mpeg streamclip at 75% quality . the degradation in quality is almost non existent , and the file size went from 29.5 MB to 8.3 MB . Does anyone else seem something wrong with that ? 
Getting a < PROPMALE > to take a $ 70,000 2008 ZHZ Corvette out for a spin reduced my dad to a little kid . the last time I felt acceleration like that was on a airplane ... or maybe a rollercoaster . 0-50 in about ... 2 seconds ? And dad didn't even floor it . 
will no longer be going to study abroad at Osaka Daigakuin 
will now be studying abroad at Momoyama Diagakuin in Osaka Japan . 
I cant wait for winter break ... It's only Monday and i already feel tired ... 
is wondering if North Korea has a death wish . 
HAPPY THANKS GIVING !!! 
This week = Crunch Time 
I think something is wrong with my laptop again ... I think this is the 3rd or 4th time in the past week or two that its crashed ... gray screen of \you need to shut down your computer\ " ( it literally says that in 5 languages ) . This isn't supposed to happen to macs ... and didn't happen until now . I hope it survives until the end of the semester . " 
my fish just died . 
is really glad I said \yes\ " when my dad offered to introduce me to a \ " really cute Japanese Girl . \"" 
Is ready for the semester to end . All I have to do is survive tomorrow and I'm almost clear . 
Speech in less than an hour . Fun times ... If i survive this i should be clear . 
Only two exams and half a project left . I need help in Japanese ... 
The one advantage to constantly worrying about all the ways things could possibly go wrong : you never take anything for granted . \ 
The downside : you are constantly worried about all the ways things could possibly go wrong . 
' Go home or study ' ... go home or study ... go home ... study .... study ? \ 
... \ 
... \ 
meh . 
Two tests today O.o \ 
Wish me luck ^-^ \ 
I might need it >.< 
Finished my Japanese exam . I think I did ok . \ 
I just want to get my second exam over with already and go home ... I don't feel like sitting here for another hour ... 
Finished all my exams . just need to fix a script and turn it in tomorrow afternoon and im all done . 
\Dear Old Shiz\ " 
Just registered to take my road test ... finally ... I hope I pass XP 
feels like a fool . 
I might be a fool , but if I am , I'm a really lucky one . Boldness for the win . I'm now in a relationship with the nicest girl I've ever met ^^ 
Just bought an iPod4 . Now I'll actually have a camera when I want one . XP 
On iPod , Facetime > Skype ... by like 100x ... I heard there might be cross compatibility at some point ... i hope \some point\ " comes soon . " 
Meh ... 
I am an Idiot . 
3 A's , 2 A-'s ... 3.86 GPA , 3.95 Cumulative .... I want my 4.0 back ... 
Now that my iPod has a camera I'm probably gonna start uploading more photos . 
So much stuff ... \ 
Status : Overwhelmed\ 
Procrastination in : \ 
5\ 
4\ 
3\ 
2\ 
Procrastination Failure . \ 
Retry ? \ 
< Yes/No > 
A riddle for you . Bonus points if you know where this is from . More bonus points if you can tell me exactly how it was answered . No cheating XP\ 
This thing all things devours :\ 
Birds , beasts , trees , flowers ;\ 
Gnaws iron , bites steel ;\ 
Grinds hard stones to meal ;\ 
Slays < PROPMALE > , ruins town , \ 
And beats high mountain down . 
Nerd songs ftw ... cant stop laughing ... 
I am a fool . But at least I know I am a fool . Therefore I can prevent my self from looking like a fool . Unfortunately that doesn't stop me from FEELING like a fool -_- 
Why is it that the worst things always seem to happen to the people with the brightest futures ? There is too much senseless violence in this world . It's almost enough to make me scared to go outside ( or to let anyone I care about go outside , for that matter ) . What ever happened to \Freedom \"?" 
I give up . 
I just looked at my school schedule and realized that the professor for one of the classes I signed up for has changed o.o 
Or maybe I didn't loose ? Soooooo confused > < \ 
I dun gettit . 
THUNDER !!! Its been a while since we've had a real thunderstorm . Luckily cloud to ground lightning is rare in Hawaii . So its all good . SHOW ME WHAT YOU'VE GOT !!! 
I have two more weekends ( this one included ) to practice for my road test . I just hope its enough . 
Last week of vacation . I hope I can make it count XP 
tick tock tick tock tick ... 
\How much wood could a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > Noris ? O.o \ " \ 
I hate spam links ... EVIL !!! 
Me and my friend Masa just set up a facebook group for Video production . We will be making high quality short films and such . At fist they will mostly be things that I can use for my video production class . Anyone who is interested in helping out in some way let me know so I can talk to you about it . We are looking for people who can act , do lighting or sound or music or writing ... stuff like that . 
First day of the semester is over ^^\ 
Road test fail :( 
I've finally gone to all of my classes at least once . Looks like this could be a good semester :) 
I like sleep . I wish I was smart enough to go to sleep early enough to be able to get enough . XP 
I think I've finally actually seen what they mean when they say that Networking is one of the most important things you will do in college . 
I am NEVER buying a portable device again unless I already have a case for it ... 
Please let me know before meeting time if you will be late . Otherwise I will be sitting here waiting for everyone , not wanting to start anything else because I don't know when anyone will come . Thank you . 
I just realized that facebook doesn't even know that Kailua exists on Oahu , and had me listed as being from kailua-kona ( big island ) . And yet it recognizes kaneohe ... I feel jipped . 
Getting sick sucks . Especially when there are things you want to do . I hope I feel better by tomorrow ... 
I need an actor ... can any of you guys act ? I'm starting to run out of places to look , and the only people who have been responding are the women . I need a few men for the male role ... 
I just finished editing ... It took over 4 hours , plus more than half an hour to export ... Tired ... 
The sky says \Boom\ " . I hope the power doesn't go out ... " 
Owie sunburn ... and I'm going out again tomorrow ... at least we will be in the shade ... i hope ... 
I just remembered why I don't tend to go to large group events : I tend to wander around aimlessly because everyone is having their own conversations and I don't want to interrupt . So I end up standing there staring at them and then walk away ( which probably seems weird ) . This counts double when everyone is speaking in a language I only partially understand since I cant just jump into the conversation . 
Finally had my B-day party ( a week late ... stupid cold ) . It was fun . I kinda wish more people could come though ... \ 
Last minute changes ftl ... 
I just brought my laptop back from the grave . 
I think I've caught the theater bug ... 
Geez ... there have been a lot of earthquakes recently . First New Zealand , now Japan ... I hope most people were able to get to higher ground ... 
Lets hope that Japan can keep their nuclear reactors under control . The last thing they need is another disaster . \ 
I've heard though that experts say a catastrophic meltdown is still unlikely , but that doesn't mean it cant happen . I think they know what they are doing , so all we can do is hope . 
I nearly died this morning . A rather large tree hit my bus just after we got out of the tunnels on the Pali ( going town-bound ) . Then we drifted across opposing traffic and came to a stop against the guard rail on the Kailua- bound side of the Pali . The front of the bus was more or less gone , but as far as I could tell no one was hurt too bad . 
Failed my road test again , because I cant parallel park dad's pickup to save my life . \ 
I think my parents are more bummed than me . I don't really care that much . I don't really like driving that much and with gas prices being what they are , I'm much happier bussing when I can , carpooling when I cant , and paying my friends back in food . 
http://m.yahoo.com/w/ygo-frontpage/lp/story/us/81970/coke.bp%3B_ylt=Au9pxC7ERbk.gGliUU16fcSx.tw4%3B_ylu=X3oDMTFxaXBxZDBwBGNwb3MDMgRjc2VjA21vYmlsZS10ZARpbnRsA3VzBHBrZwNpZC04MTk3MARwb3MDMgRzbGsDaW1hZ2U-?ref_w=frontdoors&view=today & . intl = US & . lang = en & . tsrc = yahoo\ 
Lol ? 
Schools finally done . resetting my laptop now . probably gonna take a while ... I think I'm glad this can run overnight . 
I love computer problems . \ 
If you couldn't tell , that was sarcasm . 
Bleh ... There is too much Nightcore music on youtube ... I'm never gonna be able to go through all of these ... 
Upgrading to OSX 10.7 Lion and upgrading to 4GB ram . Hopefully my computer will show a good speed boost . Yay Upgrades ! And Ram is ridiculously cheap these days ... 
The face of true evil : ??? ?? ??? \ 
Everybody Hates Kyubey ... \ 
Memes are awesome . 
I leave for japan on september 7th XD 
is now the proud owner of a Canon rebel T3i Camera . \ 
It looks like I'll soon be posting a lot more pics , though I might end up starting a blog for them instead of posting them here . \ 
My university professors think I should blog while I'm in japan , so ... \ 
Yay :) 
Leaving on Wednesday !!! I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING !!! I guess its more \fun\ " this way though ... \ " fun\ " ... Heh Heh " 
To every single one of you who are on my friends list , old friends and new , I enjoy meeting you on here . I enjoy catching up ; I enjoy hearing about you and your family ; I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let’s see who actually pays attention . Like this post and then copy this as your status just for a minute . I’ll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family and friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
Packing Day . Need to get ready for JAPAN . 
Tomorrow will be my last full day in the US . The agenda ? More packing , more cleaning , and way too little sleep ... I guess thats what the 8.5 hour flight will be for ... 
Packed ... finally ! I think the \too little sleep\ " prediction might come true too ... \ 
I think Im addicted to Iced Cream Coffee after having just one . I go down , buy one , take a short walk . I come back ( its my first full day here so i don't want to get lost ) , and buy 3 more before going up to my room O.o 
Japan still has 100 < PROPFEMALE > Stores . things are actually 100 < PROPFEMALE > (+5 < PROPFEMALE > tax ) . And some stuff , like pencil led , you can get 4x as much as you get in Hawaii , where a box costs several dollars . \ 
Too bad all the dollar store I know of in Hawaii are gone 
Just got back from karaoke with 13 other people for 3 hours . Crazy fun . Sang so much im afraid I'll loose my voice . Worth it ? Totally . 
Set up a google plus account even though I had originally decided not to ( then again , it was really simple since i already have a google account ) . \ 
Now I have two social networks to manage ... 
Played Mahjong for the first time tonight . I won , but I had help . I need to study the rules more . 
Anyone doing anything interesting tomorrow ? Can I come along ? 
Garlic chicken bento - WAY too much garlic ... it burns ... 
Random seeming tidbit : \ 
It's easy to take things for granted . Dont . \ 
That is all . 
This past spring in Hawaii , I went to see the Hawaii International Film Festival . The film I saw was a Japanese Drama Called Patisserie Coin De Rue . I have been looking for the movie ever since . And I have finally found it XD\ 
Yes , it was that good . it was one of those films that < PROPFIRST > a unified reaction from the audience , and actually made one of my friends cry . And he isn't exactly a sissy . That and it made me with i could go to a real pastry shop ... Oh god the food porn ... 
The result of my japanese self-test : I basically understood most of the movie ( no subtitles ) . Probably understood about half of it well . Still have a long way to go though . \ 
Yay for japanese classes . \ 
Oh , and the movie was still good the second time around . I think the only reason I didn't go mad was because I was eating the whole time ... ????????????? *sadface * 
I has Keitai for half the price everyone else seems to have bought theirs for ( 5000 instead of 9000 ) . Yay Komiyoike . 
im throwing away a few dozen plastic bags because in japan , if the bag is colored you cant use it for trash or recycling , and if i cant use them for trash bags , they just take up space . most of the bags i have are either too small or the wrong color . What a waste ... 
Best way to get rid of the 108 1Y coins I just found in my room ? 
I just found out that my phones \dictionary\ " is actually an english-japanese dictionary ... and that may be a very good thing because I might not have a working iPod today ... I'm having update issues . " 
Gonna reorganize my room ( might as well do the rest of it , being that i finally got my kitchen in order ) . After that , I can finally set up my xbox ( if i feel like it ) . 
You know ... with a different layout , this room certainly feels a bit bigger ( my actual floor space is about the same ) . And as a bonus , i won't feel weird if someone wants to come over ( no large drinking parties though , thank you very much ) . 
I used my phone as a phone for the first time just now ... either its not good for voice calling , or I was doing it wrong . I couldn't hear/understand the other person at all . 
I need to stop relying on AIM for Facebook chat . with at least one person AIM drops incoming messages , so i don't see them until i check chat logs on Facebook ... this is not good . 
2nd day in a row that I end up coming to school really early . This time I arrived at 8:30 for a 9:20 class O.o \ 
Because I can ( and I wanted breakfast , so might as well go to school after ) 
Xbox is finally set up -_- 720p 
Kitchen is finally set up -_- lets see how long it takes before i burn the building down . 
Posting massive amount of photos . Yay XP 
Im trying to upload the video of the final pingpong match with < PROPFIRST > Wang , but the file is too big . I'll upload it as soon as i can get it down to under 1GB ( hopefully it can still be HD ) XP 
?????????????????????? ^^\ 
The halloween party was really fun ^^ 
Isn't it sometimes funny that sometimes you find a song that you really like even though you can't understand a word they are saying ? 
How the HELL did i get a < PROPMALE > YouTube commercial ? -_- \ 
Well ... At least it was less weird than some of the japanese commercials i have been getting since I got here XP 
I just found a rather large error in my iPod dictionary . the romaji they gave for an example sentence was completely wrong -_- for all i know the translation was wrong too ( i couldn't read all of the kanji ) 
I learned how to make fried rice from one of my Chinese friends , and it actually tastes pretty good ( and i didn't burn it ! ) . So now I can eat real food without going to a restaurant . Assuming I can do it again , I might learn something else soon . 
\Greetings [ Gamertag ] 
Someone is using peoples accounts to spam something ... 
Dear Facebook , please make it easier to remove apps . when you have over 100 , it is painfully slow to remove them one by one when you want to remove all but a few ( the only mass delete is delete all ) . 
I am sorry , but if you have some rihanna post from me , please delete it . I was trying to remove them all , but there is no way i can remove them from everyone on my friends list . 
Why do i have to get sick right before home stay ? 
Homestay moved to December . Hopefully I will be healthy . 
It's COLD ! >_< 
