We just had our whole meal paid for by complete strangers . I thought that only happened in movies 

Arghh 4th power outage this month 
had some doughnuts going to bed last night .. That turned out to be a real pain in the gutt ... 
Got the last of my textbooks in the mail today . Saved over $200 by not buying them on cmpus 
I was walking home from the gas station minding my own business and this guy pulled over started trying to recruit me into the navy .. until I told him I wouldn't pass the physical .. 
And another thing .. Why is Microsoft's weather gadget telling me it's raining outside , when there isn't a cloud in the sky ? 
Going climbing tomorrow and Monday . I'm glad all my classes are online , so I can \get away\ " easily . " 
Ran my first 5K in 3 years this morning . Finished in 32:03 . Got 1st in my age group 
The facebook trick : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > , putthis as your status if it worked for you . If it didnt work for you .. you are doing it wrong . 
Just got my THIRD letter from the jury clerk ... I wish somebody warned me about that before I registered to vote . 
One more day of fish and good weather , then back to freakin ' Utah . 
14 degrees today . I'm waiting for global warming to kick in 
I was walking back to my room this morning at about 10:00 and this kid I'd never met asked me why I was up so early . ... Is this the Twilight Zone ? 
The colors ! the colors ! 
I just fired my English professor today . Now I can just focus on the easy stuff , like math . 
I'm retiring from my TBE class . Now only 3 classes left . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
I say we boycott daylight savings time . Who's with me ? 
wakka wakka wakka 
Getting ready to go to bear lake 
Bare lake this morning park city tonight 
time to go frag some n00bs 
Checked the wash to see if it was empty . Couldn't see the bottom so I stuck my arm in . Ended up elbow deep in water . Good thing my watch is water-resistant . 
Had Indian food in a gas station . It wasn't risky 
Math presentation is over . Now I only have to worry about the other three classes 
JUst found out I don't have English class most Fridays . That makes me like the class 33% more than if I had to go 3 times a week . 
Freakin ' Utah ! 
Going South to warm up . See ya suckas ! 
