6 days and < PROPFIRST > comes home for a visit ! 

After needing a new roof because of the last tornado , I realized I'm really not okay with being under a tornado watch until midnight ! I'm a little antsy , to say the least . 
My sister and I are starting up the arts and crafts business again ! The website is giving me trouble , but you can check out some stuff at whysperwyldarts.etsy.com . I'll be adding more as I get photos done ! It's pretty much all silk scarves right now , but 
got to stop with the stupid surveys 
Happy Father's Day to all you dads out there ! 
Excited to see < PROPFIRST > tonight !! 
Sad < PROPFIRST > had to go away again . 
Today is the day I lose cell contact with < PROPFIRST > . Bummer . I hate that ! 
Well , I just had the last phone call . So sad . 
Back on bed rest . Can this baby please be born already ? 
hospital visit #7 last night . Just have to make it to next week ! 
Happy 4th ! 
I had a lovely baby shower ! Thank you everyone ! 
T minus 36 hours-ish ! Yeah ! 
IT'S GO TIME ! 
Home with Finn and everything is going great ! He is the easiest baby so far ... Hopefully I didn't just jinx it ! I will get pictures up soon . 
Exhausted and trying to get over the fact that Finn will be 9 months old before < PROPFIRST > sees him again . Yuck . 
I have decided I am jealous of everybody going to the MN state fair . I haven't been in soooo long and I want to go and eat things on a stick ! 
Just booked tickets to Boston for the reunion ! I am wicked excited ! Yeah ! 
Anybody want to be my neighbor ? The house next door is for sale ! 
Super excited for Casa < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
I've learned that there have been a lot of babes named \Finn\ " born this year ! How weird - I didn't think there would be that many ! " 
I found the woodworking power tools - they were next to the swing . 
Snuggling Finn - so nice ! 
I had secretly hoped Finn would be a late sleeper , not an early riser ! 
If the saying \no rest for the wicked\ " is true then I must be very VERY wicked ! " 
Finn is asleep on the living room floor - won't sleep in his crib , cradle , my arms or the swing , but he likes it in the middle of the room . Weird ! At least the crying stopped . 
I downloaded google sky for my phone and I now know the exact < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is located through my deck and the earth . If I could only dig a deep enough hole ... 
Our newest nephew Conner was born this evening ! All 5 2009 babies for the family have arrived safely ! Yeah ! Congratulations , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - we can't wait to meet him ! 
So - that guy from Colorado at the center of an assumed terrorist plot lived about a mile from us . Pretty crazy ! 
Well , apparantly my freak attack was for nothing . Gross topic - but Finn finally pooed . It was getting scary there ! But that means it looks like things are back on track for the poor little guy ! 
Been up since 3:30 am - it's going to be a looooong day ! 
seriously considering roller derby ... 
Finn is still sleeping ! Hopefully we have turned a corner and he will now be a happy baby !! 
I accidentaly left < PROPFEMALE > outside tonight while we were gone and then proceeded to get yelled at by the neighbors because she barked . The thing is - they leave their dogs outside all the time when they leave and the dogs bark all the time , and they're dobermans and scary ! Sheesh . 
Seriously wishing I was at Beer Fest ... 
Great day apple picking ! < PROPFEMALE > had a blast , and now maybe she'll try apples ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is collecting things to send to the Iraqi children . If you have pocket sized items you could send over let me know . < PROPFIRST > says they need soccer balls , stuffed animals , pencils ( < PROPMALE > supplies ) and chocolate to give to the kiddos he meets . But anything would be welcome as long as it fits in an ACU pocket . 
Might have a job - wish me luck ! 
I have a baby with a cold . Poor thing ! At least he is in a good mood despite it ! 
Snow again , yay ... I moved out of the mountains for a reason . Little did I know I would pick a location at 6500 ft . Almost Evergreen . Can't win ! 
Got meds , yeah ! Now let's just hope they work ... 
The meds are starting to work ! I can actually hold Finn and play with him without being afraid of dropping him . It's fantastic ! Also , I got my handicap parking tag so now I can go to the store wiithout the fear of being exhausted and my feet killing me before I even get in . Yay to mobility and freedom ! 
It's snowing and it is beautiful ! Made even more beautiful by the fact the only thing I have to do today is get < PROPFEMALE > to and from school , so I can just enjoy the snow and the fire in the fireplace ! 
No kids and a night on the town - it's been a while since that's happened ! Should be fun , though ! 
I just found out my cousin is currently on her way here from KS ! Woohoo !! 
MRI today - hopefully they can figure out what's wrong with me ! 
MRI was a success . I will be seeing the Dr. Friday to discuss results . In case anybody was wondering - I have had neuropathy in my feet for 2 years now , but it has gotten worse and the sensations are now traveling up my legs , which is making walking and driving difficult . It is also in my arms and I'm losing function in my fingers , and so typing and holding Finn is getting increasingly difficult . So fun ! 
MRI was negative , as were the blood tests , so that's good news , but it still doesn't explain what's happening ! I see a neurologist in 2 weeks , maybe they'll find something this time ... I just want to know what's going on !! 
Up with Finn since 4AM , but it sure was a beautiful sunrise ! 
We have snow again ! 
The snow looks lovely ! We got enough for sledding and we can't wait ! 
Just went sledding , had a snowball fight and made a snow bear . Pretty awesome time with my < PROPFEMALE > while Finn napped . 
6 inches and counting ! 
Air Force doing training missions over my house while baby is trying to nap - good combo ! Nope , now he's awake . Yay ! 
Just got to talk to < PROPFEMALE > via IM for a few minutes . She says things are going well , she just super busy , and she sends her love to everybody !! 
Wishing I was in Colorado for the snow ! 
Colorado is covered in snow and I'm at the beach !!! Heck yeah ! Best . Decision . Ever .! 
Doing more thinking than writing . Need to be doing the opposite ! 
Is there military school for 4 year olds ? 
Neurologist today . Hopefully an answer ?!? 
Just had a night with Finn up every hour . I think I'm more exhausted than when I went to bed ... as if that was even possible . 
Happy Veterans Day ! I really miss you guys . Thanks to all who serve or have served . :o ) 
Two weeks until Boston !! Woohoo !!! I seriously need the vacation . ;o ) 
I sold another scarf ! 
Finn can roll over ! Way to go little guy ! 
1 week to boston ! 
I got an interview ! 
Anybody wih a G1 - don't use anything other than Google Talk to instant message with unless you have unlimited texts . Anything else counts as a text . Just a heads up . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Turkey dinner in the USO ... How cool is that ? Guess I get some Thanksgiving food today after all ! 
Reunion tonight ! 
I think I had waaay too much fun last night ... 
Frozen pipe burst this afternoon in my basement . 8 gallons of water removed from the carpets and there is still a ton more . ugh . Not fun at all ! Not to mention the cost of repairs ... Thank goodness I've got a job now ! 
2 hour commute this morning , 1.5 hours to get home . What a lovely day ! 
4 months-ish to go ! Yeah ! 
Decorating the tree , while still fun , just isn't the same without < PROPFIRST > here to help . 
Third Christmas without < PROPFIRST > and it just isn't any easier ! 
On top of everything else to be < PROPFEMALE > about , these are some highlights : < PROPFEMALE>'s face this morning when she realized that < PROPFEMALE > had come , Finn slept until 7AM ( from 7PM ) , and < PROPFIRST > called last night . Not so bad after all ! 
Got to talk to < PROPFIRST > for an hour tonight ! That certainly made my day ! 
Whatever it is that makes your heart beat faster - go for it ! 
Stock show this afternoon and rodeo tonight !! Gonna be a good day ! 
To all you mommies out there , join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ? < PROPFEMALE > - 8 lbs 8 oz , Finn - 7 lbs 11 oz . ( I personally liked Finn's size better .... ;o ) ) 
Miep Gies , the office secretary who defied the Nazi occupiers to hide < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and her family for two years and saved the teenager's diary , has died . She is a true hero . To this day I still wonder how she kept an infant quiet and hidden from the Nazi's . And the memories of visiting concentration camps , living through gulf war 1 , and immersing myself in European history is making me very thoughtful tonight . 
Finni's teeth have poked through ! 
He's home ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
My favorite uncle , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , passed away after a quick battle with cancer , the other day . I was fortunate to sit by his bedside while he was in his last days . It provided me with much peace just to be there during his ragged breathing and know he was going to a better place , and we were fortunate to speak to , and hug him , in one of his last coherant moments . 
If you don't already know how scary a hacked email to an army email account can be , I don't recommend trying it ! 
Going on day five of nerve pain medication not working . This is delightful . Hopefully the new docs will be able to figure something out . Arms hardly work anymore , can't hold the baby , and it's getting hard to smile and make facial expressions . Oh , and then there's the tremmors , those are fun , too . 
I feed my daughter butter flavored smegma . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > Carver <3 you too 
Little girl sleeping in my lap . Love the sweet times with my < PROPFEMALE > . Makes all the pain worth living through . 
The facebook group for < PROPFIRST>'s unit , 3-157th FA , has kicked me out - must be because they know if things don't get fixed ( and there's some messed up stuff that's happened ) I will be taking the issues to the news channels and anyone I can think of . Perhaps I have them shaking in their little space boots ? Interesting ... Gotta love the Colorado National Guard \family\ " and \ " support\ " . Wow . " 
Now we are getting threatened by < PROPFIRST>'s command . This is priceless ! Does anybody know how to < PROPFEMALE > for defamation of character ? They don't really know who they are dealing with here . What happens in Iraq isn't going to stay in Irag . Not this time . Not with this command . 
Officially protected from further harrasment . That's a nice feeling ! 
Managed to get into the neurologist at the university hospital on Monday morning ! Almost unheard of . The next available appt . was the end of April . I got lucky on that one ! Hopefully they will be able to tell me more about what's wrong with me ! Things are on the up and up , finally ! 
Has anybody been to disneyland and used the military discount ? Do they just look at your ID to see if you're active or do they scan it or something ? Just curious . 
I ordered a Holga camera ! Pretty excited to try it out ! 
I have to admit I'm super excited for the American Girl Doll store to open tomorrow ... I may be even more excited than < PROPFEMALE > at this point ! 
I have a question about the new health care < PROPMALE > and hopefully somebody will be able to answer it - Am I now required to provide health care for my nanny , even though I can seriously not afford it , because she is my employee and I have a VERY small business ? ( love you dearly , < PROPFEMALE > , but I just freaked out a bit for both of us ) I didn't think of that until today . Yikes ! 
Yay for more tests today ! 
I feel like , when today ends , God is going to send me a postcard saying , \HA ! Happy April Fools ! I got you good today ! \"" 
My Header is home and all the boys made it home in one piece . What a good day ! 
My day is quickly becoming a circus ! 
Today is the kind of day I might enjoy having a twitter account for . 
Happy Easter ! 
Listening to the Honolulu < PROPFIRST > Buffett concert , dreaming of the day we retire to a sail boat . It's going to be great ! 
Finn took a step to me today , super cute ! He may just beat < PROPFEMALE > at walking ! 
Great birthday parties with great friends , and Finn took two steps today ! Getting closer ! 
Going to the game today ! First time for < PROPFEMALE > and Finn . It's going to be a great day ! 
I can't believe my baby is FIVE today ! She's grown up way too fast . 
Had an appointment today with the voodoo doctor . I have now been pain free in my feet since 4:30 PM . This is amazing ! I hope it sticks around for a while and spreads to my hands and arms . 
Got a lot of free time now ... Hopefully a break and some rest will get me better . 
8.5 hours to Disneyland ! 
We have a < PROPMALE > ! Here comes even more trouble . 
I can't believe it , but my baby is starting kindergarten today ! Holy Moly ! 
Just shot off a big a -- firecracker and got told the cops were on their way less than a minute later . So , what I gather is that he was on the phone with the police before we even thought about lighting it . Sweet ! 20 minutes later and still no cops . Calling bluff until further notice . Let's all thank Kansas for this one ! 
I MIGHT be going to work tomorrow - that would be nice ! 
My baby is 1 today ! This year has flown by . 
Couldn't figure out why Finn wouldn't stop crying for an hour and a half ... turns out he has a molar coming in . A little numbing cream and voila ! Poor little guy ! 
I'm trying to have a nutritious breakfast but all I want is the darn leftover b-day cake . I'm going to have to banish it to a room I don't generally enter - that would be the laundry room . 
Just spent the afternoon antagonizing Team < PROPFIRST > . That's a trip ! 
Got a job and start Wednesday ! Woohoo to an income ! 
Tried on these amazing bracelets and got a chauffered and guided tour of < PROPFEMALE > and Kiowa last night . Amazing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > caught the bouqet at the wedding last night - not sure if we should be scared or if all the other single ladies there will be waiting a loooong time for their wedding . 
I just discovered the fruit tree in our backyard is apricots ! The branches are so full they are almost to the ground . I have a feeling I am going to have a lot of canning to do very soon . Haven't done that in probably 20 years . It should be fun , though ! 
< PROPFIRST > is almost free from the Army - Air Force here we come ! 
Out of work ... again ... If anybody knows of any landman jobs I would be much appreciative . 
< PROPFIRST > is officially out of the army ! He will now cross into the blue ! 
First day of the doctor-imposed gluten free diet - don't know if I can live without gluten ... I guess if it helps with the pain ... Agh !! 
In lovely Herington , KS ! An awesome windstorm is blowing through town and knocked power out to the whole place . Kind of fun being in a house built in the 1800s 
Just passed a loose cow on the side of road with the police trying to round it up . 
I have decided to be a stay at home mom ! It was really hard turning down three really great job offers last week but I feel my kids need me more . It's exciting to be able to play without worrying when I will work next now that I know the industry is picking up ! 
Got a condo in steamboat and my babies are almost here ! Yay ! Good day . 
Nice to be home for a three day weekend after 17 days straight of work ! 
7.5 \ :o ( " 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get \ 
better . I know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the \ 
3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those \ 
who have died of cancer or who are still fighting . 
A balmy 8 degrees this morning ! 
Happy Veterans Day to all the Veterans I know and love . Congrats @ < PROPFIRST > Carver for a switch to the AF . Here's looking at 60 day deployments and an air conditioned office , all while flying and having fun ! 
5,044 words written today to bring me to a grand total of 19,782 words written for the 2010 nanowrimo . Peace out ! My brain is overworked for one night ! I think I get a badge tho for over 5,000 words written in one day . Sweet dreams ! 
Full < PROPFEMALE > + < PROPFEMALE > Snow = < PROPMALE > Enchanted 
< PROPFEMALE > : How do you make a hula hoop ? < PROPFIRST > - First you have to find a Hula Hoop Tree . < PROPFEMALE > - Where does the Hula Hoop Tree grow ? Me - in the Hula Hula < PROPMALE > off the shores of Bora Bora . 
Finally taking a weekend off ! I've only had thanksgiving off since 11/6 and it's going to be delightful . 
