we definatly need some more low brass for marching band .... 

misses his 8th grade band buddies ... 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > with bri today :D 
goin to the movies with bri @ 7 :) 
excited to go to the band barbecue and officially kick off the 2009 Red Mountain Marching Band Season :D 
does anyone have cp chem 6th hour with mrs. dawson ? 
writing my book ... 
schedule change .... who has algbra II second hour with Mr. Peebles ? and Lit . Explorations fourth hour with Hawkins ? 
can't wait for our first Marching Band show this Friday !!! 
Oh and everyone who i told to come to the Football game , it's at westwood . 
writer's block sucks ... a lot 
just got to the big twist of my book :D i'm so excited . although it wasn't really that unexpected ... 
is hungry ... 
Oh the wheel in the sky keeps on turnin ' ... 
Dr. Pepper is amazing ... 
Just got back from an awesome day :) i saw < PROPFEMALE > Wars : In Concert and it was spectacular ! 
thankful that he has so many people that care about him :) thanks everyone for making my birthday amazing !!! 
Who found out that 4 hours is the limit when taking viagra ? Idk ... I just thought it was kinda funny ... 
Going to see Zombieland ! 
Saw Surrogates instead because they checked for IDs 
The Phoenix Suns Exhibition game is gonna be on TNT in a little bit ... 
Preseason basketball is about to begin 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
i really like that moustache ... 
Does a spoonful of sugar really help the medicine go down ? 
is waiting in anticipation to which movie my mom is renting ... 
7 months :) 
Cafe World is controlling my life ... 
Journey never ceases to amaze ... 
A little < PROPMALE > Elfman plus a creepy Holloween night ... priceless 
feels the urge to watch Spiderman ... 
I just had one of the most awesome nights of my life . me and gray went around with lightsabers and nerf guns and ambushed people at their houses hahaha we got Bri , < PROPFIRST > , Nay-Nay , Hat Guy , Lexis , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > haha wat an amazing night ... 
after the crazy night last night today seems like such a bore .... 
just found someone with the same name as me ... 
Suns win in a blowout , regionals music coming along great , and looking at my pop's old college work . tonight's a good night :) 
break seemed so long , yet so short at the same time 
New Scrubs season ... why must they ruin a good thing ? 
is glad to be home 
I would totally give up our fall break for an extra week right now . 
Who all has Mrs. Collon 2nd hour ? 
Daybreakers = Awesomeness 
is massaging his eyebrow of justice ... 
Why can't facebook just let me change my name to Joshamillianaximus XXVII ? 
Getting wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow . yay ... 
My wisdom teeth are gone !!! Where did they go ?! 
i no longer have wisdom for to learn my friends in the ways of the force . i apologize Pope < PROPFIRST > Laube ... 
finish up homework , make some orange bread with bri :) , possibly goof around on the x-box as well , sounds like a good day is awaiting me :) 
let's hope Mr. Wheeler gets the grades right ... 
How is it that when yoda was 865 , he was nimble and beastly , but in 31 years after that all of a sudden he became an old fart who couldn't do anything ? 
I wish that every conversation i had was as engaging and amazing as that one with chris ... dear god ... 
< PROPMALE>'s Inferno ... definitely NOT child friendly .... 
Yesterday : consisted of making a movie with < PROPFIRST > for music theory . Today : Editing . Tomorrow : Editing . Tuesday : Editing . Thursday : take a wild guess ... it's gonna be a fun week ... 
If Avatar wins best picture , then the academy is in for a big surprise visit from me and my rabid pet South African Lemur , < PROPFIRST > . 
good thing the academy saved themselves a visit from me and my rabid lemur charles ... this time ... 
this time tomorrow = cabin w/ bri :D 
wishes that he had the uncanny ability to subtly change accents depending on his mood , could make amazing hats with ease , and was the best Futterwacker in all of \Underland \"..." 
is relishing in the fact that he has every season of scrubs on DVD .... mmmmmm .... 
poodles are good for nothing but the entertainment of watching them sail over a fence after firm contact with my foot . 
for all of you who have hidden your true feelings about this blight on our society , your time has come ... POODLE PUNTERS UNITE !!! 
Have you ever ever ever in your long legged life seen a long legged sailer and his long legged wife ? 
how in all my years of listening to rock have I missed The Who ? i feel ashamed ... 
wishes he could stop time so the seniors didn't have to go . 
I think I have a High School hangover ... 
balderdash ... 
does anyone know the difference between pre-calc and honors pre-calc ? 
Another wonderful day at Band Camp , followed up by the horror that is trigonometry ... 
1 . Spanish III Sandoval\ 
2 . AP Chem Dawson\ 
3 . AP Bio Ullman\ 
4 . Pre-Calc Bonham\ 
5 . AA < PROPMALE > English Kaminsky\ 
6 . American History 1 Bonewell\ 
Does anybody have classes with me ? 
is pumped for this year's Marching Band 
Steps one and two of the Summer Project complete . And now the procrastination continues . 
ready to finally be done with trig . final tomorrow ! 
Is it just me , or does the dish at IHOP called Rooty Tooty Fresh N ' Fruity sound way too much like the name that a gay prostitute would have ? That is my deep thought of the day . 
Time for more Beowulf . Yay ... 
alright essay , prepare to meet your maker .... 
Now that I have thoroughly showed my Beowulf project who's boss , I believe it's time for some celebratory eating of food substances . 
A-Marching Band ... Wedge\ 
1-Spanish III ... Sandoval\ 
2-AP Chem ... Dawson\ 
3-AP Biology ... Ullman\ 
4-Pre-Calc ... Bonham\ 
5-AA English ... Kaminsky\ 
6-American History ... Bonewell\ 
anything guys ? 
The English ( Pirate ) setting has to be the single most greatest discovery i have ever made on facebook . ever . 
After a summer full of Marching band stuff , Trig , and now a summer project , I finally have nothing to do and can relax , but for some reason I can't . Apparently my brain won't get off school mode haha 
lookin at some colleges ... 
FIRST FOOTBALL GAME IN 6 DAYS !!! AWWW YEA !!! 
Why are people so mean to each other ? Is holding a grudge because of some silly past event really worth the pain it causes everyone else ? Is pride really so important to us that we can't just suck it up and realize that we are supposed to love one another ? Or is our society doomed to a future of hate and suffering because of these primitive emotions ? 
I would like to announce that at the Waffle House yesterday , I went all the way with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > ... 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday :) i wish i had that time to thank each of you personally but i think my fingers would cramp and i'd get carpal tunnel and yea ... not fun ... anyway thanks guys for helping to make my day so amazing ! I don't think i could have possibly had any better of a birthday than this one ! 
So , this week includes : a spanish project due friday , a football game friday , an english essay , a marching band competition , getting a costume for halloween , a math test , maybe a chem test , homecomingish activities , and tuesday night band practice ... \ 
i need another october break ... 
Just re-wrote two paragraphs of my beowulf essay , and now the question looms ... do i finish this now or watch the Phoenix Suns ? 
definitely not diggin the idea of school in the morning 
if someone would tell me what the instrument we used in chemistry for all of those experiments that graphed all our data was called that would be awesome . 
Does anybody know if Mrs. Dawson change the due date of the Lab Report to the 19th instead of the 17th ? 
4 pages of lab report done , i believe i deserve some junk food .... 
I'm very proud of myself , for once in my life i'm not procrastinating and i'm going to get this report done before it's due :D 
... finally ... i'm DONE !!! MUAHAHAHAHA 
Oh portal , why do you torture me so ... 
Just registered for the SAT ... exciting stuff ... 
oh what to do what to do when the xbox has frozen ... I KNOW !!! FACEBOOK !!! :D 
Best Christmas ever ... 
True Grit was fantastic . Nothing beats < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > but this version was still a fabulous take on the story . So glad I saw it . 
Does anybody in Ms. Dawson's class remember that site for Stem Careers ? 
Bring it on stress ... do your worst ... 
Well , that didn't go as planned ... 
the point in doing homework where you start hearing voices , yea , I'm there ... 
\Justice is what love looks like in public . \ " \ 
\If you judge people 
\The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend . \ " \ 
With the SAT over and done with , I've come to a horrible and truly life-altering discovery : I can not write in cursive . 
Just found a Stoudemire poster that has a date with destiny ... namely my fire pit .... 
That Stoudemire poster had a lovely time with his friend , the fire pit . Just in case anyone was interested ... 
\Boadicea\ " by Enya is so amazing ... I can't stop listening to it ... " 
\I no doubt deserved my enemies 
Finally figured out how to legitimately turn off my phone ... don't judge me ... 
To do math homework , or not to do math homework ? That is the question . 
All my respect for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is now completely gone . Hitting Frye below the belt ? Wtf . 
\The greatest thing you'll ever learn 
\Staying awake to < PROPMALE > a dream 
Either math and chem homework were uncharacteristically easy , or I just did really horrible on the homework ... I'm too tired to care either way ... 
\We must accept finite disappointment 
\Every passing minute is another < PROPMALE > to turn it all around . \ " \ 
Why won't these colleges stop ?! GAH !!! 
Homework done , belly full of fattening deliciousness , playing some mindless apps and watching the Suns kick some Milwaukee butt . All is right with the world ... 
Super Bowl Sunday = Doing homework as I weep for my poor < PROPMALE > Browns ... 
Man time just seems to be flying by faster and faster nowadays ... 
That was a great throw !!! 
Steelers are getting owned . 
One of the worst half time shows I've ever seen . I'm down for having The Who play every year , just please God keep the Black Eyed Peas away ... 
And now its a Super Bowl . 
Well now that the refs are on Pittsburgh's side ... 
Take that Steelers !!! 
Alright , Glee , you've piqued my interest ... 
\He was a bold man that first ate an oyster . \ " \ 
