Well i was out the parental units the other day and came up with great idea for a recipie ... It's called : Road Kill Meatloaf !!!!!! Just add your favorite type of raod kill ( deer , racoon , squerrile , ect ... ) , add regular meat ( beef , turkey , or chicken ) , and then make it like a regular meatloaf and enjoy !! WARNING !! The raod kill may have rabies soooo make sure it cooks all the way through ! 

You really want to know what's on my mind eh ...? WELL I go back to school in two days ... why can't i get another week off ? Come on ! It's only seven little days ... what harm could that do ? 
Going ice skating tomorrow for my little cousin's b-day ... HopeI don't fall ... I know I won't but you never know ... 
I hate being sick .... I also learned that DDR on the Wii is hard :( 
Hope everyone is having a good winter break !! 
feeling better ... gotta get better before school starts next week >.< 
Hope everyone has a awesome new years ! 
So its only the seconday back to school ... I already have a project to do in English ... I have to finish my semester project for history ... and I ran the mile in P.E. yesterday ... time was 7:15 ... that's slow of me :( 
Second week into the new year ... school's been busy ... i've been busy ... I'm curently reading All Quiet on the Western Front for english ... this book is the most boring war-story in the world !!! I fell asleep while reading it ... a few times ... why do even read books like this ? 
Hey all !! I got BIG news !!!!!!! You all know how much I LOVE SOFTBALL and that i'm going to play this year . Well ... I'm not exactly doing that . Insted of softball this semester , Im doing Tack insted . I'm doing tack cuz my softball season was kinda disappointing so i don't want another one . This way , i'm able to still have practice and meets when it rains . Don't worry , I'm going to do my best !!!! 
Hey peeps !!! Today i had my first ever track meet today !!!!!! I got 6:07 in the mile and 10th place !!!! I then got 13:17 in the 2-mile and 3rd place !!!!!!! During the first lap of the 2-mile , a bug , yes a bug , flew up my nose and then i spazed out trying to get it out . It was a kodak moment ... if someone took a picture ... Over all my fist meet went very well . Can't wait till my next one this Friday coming up !! 
Hey everyone ! Want to wish everyone a happy Easter ! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter . Back to school tomorrow ... blah ... Well see everyone tomorrow ! :P 
OMG ! Just had the best day ever with < PROPFEMALE > and Mia @ Scandia !!! Mini-golf and the arcade ... all the epicness . Thanks for coming you guys !!!!!!!!! 
Hey everyone !!!! I got a 5:54 mile yesterday at my meet ! I'm so happy !! The wierd thing was ... I didn't feel like i was going that fast ... oh well I'm just glade that i got a good time . 
Hey all . I ran varsity last wed at my meet . Got my name in the paper on Thurs . 4 more weeks till school is over .... Can't wait !! 
Hey all . I got a 5:53 mile and a 12:50 2-mile on Friday . I ran the Human Race with my dad yesterday . We both ran the 10K ( 6 < PROPMALE > ) . My time was 45:32 . I got ethier 5th or 8th place in my division . I have NBLs ( North Bay League ) this week coming up . I'm running Varsity at NBLs . See you guys tomorrow . 
Hey everyone . Shot an awesome Spanish video with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . Made it to NSC ( North Coast Section ) in the 2-mile . On top of that , I PR in the mile with a 5:50 and in the 2-mile 12:46 . I'm so happy and excited ! The next time I run the 2-mile , I'm doing it under 12:30 . Only two more weeks left of school then SUMMER !!!! Love you all !!! <3 
Hey all . had my end of the year/season for track yesterday . I got awarded the Coaches Award . I didn't expect to get that at all but i did and i'm proud . For those who know Mr. Pointer(my track coach ) , he should have had have an anti-miley award ... you'll know how much i love her * wink wink * i would have won hands down . Probably the biggest meet of my season is this Sat . I'm aiming for 12:30 or lower in the 2-mile . 
Hey everyone . My track season ended yesterday sadly . I ran a 12:39 2-mile and got 15th place . I needed to be in the top 7 to go to MOC(Meet of Champions ) this up coming Sat . I'm still going to go to practice this week because I have nothing else to do besides study for finals . Then next week , I'm going to try to relax and rest ... which might not happen . Anywho next season I'm going all the way to state ! 
Lets see ... It's only been the first day and summer and I'm already bord . My daily/weekly routien is going be : eat , sleep , run , and repeat . Besides all that , I'm hopefuly going to see my mom this summer , going to Sandia with my awesome friends < PROPFEMALE > and Mia , and the go to X-country in August . Have a great summer guys . See ya when ever ! :) 
Hey all !!!!!!!!!! I'm in Vegas with mi madre for the 15 days ! Try not to have fun with out me :P 
How did we meet ? Put this as your status and see how many replies you get :) 
Just saw karate Kid with my mom and little bro < PROPMALE > . It was epic ! 
So tomorrow night , my mom and I are going to make dinner ... Er ... rather i will make the dinner . Hopefuly everything goes right and no one gets burned or sick ...... 
So , no one died eating my dinner ... yet .... All though , i did burn my finger ... maybe i should stay out of the kitchen and stick with running .... 
I think I'm going insane .... I actually want to speak in Spanish now .... 
Made dinner again tonight . I didnt burn myself again this time .... Now lets hope we all make it to see tomorrow ... 
As most of you know , I'm in Vegas till July 1st . Anyhoo , when I'm out on my runs , I've seen some wierd stuff . For example , snake skin , sadly a dead < PROPFIRST > rabbit , a cute guy , and people giving me wierd looks cuz I'm out running ... I made dinner twice and no one has died ! 
I have this bruise on inside of my leg . I dont know how it got there so , dont ask . Anyhoo , its on the side of my leg near the calf . Can anyone give advice please ? 
Update on my issue . After doing some research , I know scary , it turns out i have grade 2 of a calf strain . This might put me out for 5-8 weeks ... which sucks . So yeah , I'm going to be ice my leg till camp now ... great . Just what i want ... 
I've been iceing my leg and now i can walk with out pain . Hopefully I can run soon .... I'm going nuts not running ! Now , if my calfs hurt i know what to do . 
Made dinner again to night . I'm doing preatty good at making dinner . Look out < PROPFIRST > !!! :P Jk , you can be the chef .... I'll stick to running . < PROPMALE > and I played with water guns afterwards ...... I'm got him good ..... Leg's doing a lot better now . Still can't run on it . Might not be able to run again till Mon . 
Tomorrow my mom is going to run a 5k around lake mead . I was saposed to run the 10k at the same time ......... but i cant now >.< Oh well , next year . 
Want to run .... but i cant ..... ugggg ....... have sooo much energy that i must burn !!!! 
No body loves me !!!!!!!!! i havent talk to anyone all day !!!! Now , I'm sad :( 
Why doesnt any one love me ? :( 
Lets see .... I made dinner tonight for my moms b-day . I made chicken fajitas . They turned out really good . Im becoming more and more like a chef :P Tomorrow i get to go out for a run to see how my leg is . Hopefully its better . I've iced it and put heat on it . Doesnt hurt to walk and jump on my right leg anymore . All I can do , is wait . 
Sooooo , I tried to run on my leg ..... yeah 10mins into my run it started to hurt . Ive been iceing it and heating it for a while now . Anyone know what else i can do ? Any advice is welcome . 
My arms hurt , my abs hurt , and my leg is a little better . Thank you < PROPMALE > for the wonderful x training work outs . Tomorrow night im going to the midnight showing of Elclipse with my mom ! 
Yay ! Im seeing the midnight showing of Eclipse with my mom !!!!! I <3 u mom ! 
When you first met me , what did you think about me and what do you think about me now ? 
hey everyone . Saw Eclipse last night . It was preatty good . If you want to see proof if i actually went ..... well to bad . I threw the ticket away by accident . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > were cute as ever . If you have a question , just ask . The movie follows the book for the most part . 
Has any one else seen Eclipse yet ? 
Hey all . About to leave for the airport . I really dont want to leave ... but i have to go home . So im coming home again . Hopefully to see some of you guys soon !!! 
Hey everyone . Im back in California . Sooo if you want to do anything , tell me . 
My leg's doing better . Its just one little < PROPFEMALE > spot on my leg thats bugging me .... I hope that goes away FAST . I got new shoes yesterday to run in . The feel great and yeah . I think im losing my modivation to run ..... Idk whats going on .... Maybe if i listen to some music , it will help me through this pinch 
* sighs * I really feel down lately . I dont know what's causing it . I lost my modivation to run ..... Can someone help inspire or modivate me , that will be great . Any help is welcome . 
I found my motivation to run again . After talking with a friends about stuff and sitting in my room thinking for awhile . I finally figured out what I wanted . When i did , it hit me harder than a semi-truck . Thank you to all that helped me :) I would give you all cookies but .... I kinda ate them all .... 
1 : Kehan AC Algerbra CPM 3/4 , 2 : AC US history Dekins :( , 3 : Stage Craft Krains , 4 : AC Chem Breninger , 5 : AC english Kammer , and 6 : < PROPFEMALE > Pointer I'm just a little disappointed in the histroy department .... 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! Girl , we need to do this more often :) 
Lets see .... went to the game friday with < PROPFEMALE > . Then i had a meet yesterday .... couldnt run cuz < PROPMALE > said no . Thats about it for now .... i think ... 
Why did it have to rain today ? Now , all the trails are going to be muddy :( 
Im actually excited for tomorrow 
Hate to say it but , my xc season this year sucked . Now that cross-country is over , i can look forward to track . This year I'm going to break 5:30 in the mile and 12:00 in the 2-mile . Training starts tomorrow after school . Anyone who wants to join me , is welcome . 
Just had an awsome time with my mom on the Vegas strip . Rode insanity and the new york coaster . i would love to repeat this night again if I could . Love you , mom ! :) 
Just made pork chops with apple sauce , potatoes , and peas . Tastes soooo good ! Now going to watch Vampires Suck with my mom , < PROPMALE > , and Sylvi :) 
Teaching/ helping my mom play fallout : new vegas ......... 
Great ..... my mom got an annoying song stuck in me head ...... 
Does anyone besides my mom know wht a monchichi is !? 
I love little kids imagination when it comes to playing kitchen 
All the wrapping i did for my mom , is now gone in 20 minuets . It was worth it though 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , I ate salmon tonight . Just to let you know :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!! 
Does anyone know what the weather is like in SR ? 
Well , I'm off to the airport to come home . Had an amazing time with my mom , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . I wish I repeat this week again . 
Track starts tomrrow ...... soooooo pumped !!!! Im going to break 12min in the 2-mile this year !!! 
