is waiting for KU's bowl game to start . 

- apparently if you play for Kentucky you can be a thug without being penalized . 
Leaves for camp today 
Is home from camp and heading to Oklahoma tomorrow with a pit stop at Lamberts 
had a great time with the wife tonight ! 
is packing . 
Is moving to Mexico this week . 
Doesn't know what to pack next . 
can't wait to move to Mexico where it isn't SO hot . 
Is going to transformers at midnight ! ( yes i'm a dork ) 
Is tired of packing . Taking the family to the airport in the morning , and and then driving to Mexico ! Good bye Mountain Dew ! Dr. Pepper ! Velveeta Cheese ! and hot weather !... oh wait . 
I taking the family to the airport . 
getting in to his car and is heading to Ft . Worth , then Mexico . 
Is getting up at 2:00 am to drive to the boarder to meet < PROPMALE > at 10 am then 17 more hours to Manzanillo . 
Had to stop at a hotel to wait for < PROPMALE > to get to the border , his < PROPFIRST > broke down . Pray that it's not serious and gets fixed soon . 
Is staying at a hotel in a Mexican border town . Hoping to get the < PROPFIRST > fixed tomorrow . 
Arrived in Manzanillo , Mexico at 3:00 am after driving for 18 hours . 
Is wondering why the electricty went out in his house . 
is enjoying life ! 
has internet at his house . 
has 3 wild gecko's living in his house . Sporadically through the night they will sing to me . 
thought someone was shaking his couch , but now thinks he's either crazy or it was a small earthquake . 
Hard Drive crashed on his Macbook . 
had a baby gecko in his toilet last night . 
is heading to church camp in Mexico today . 
is home from camp and realizes he needs to improve his futbol ( soccer ) skills . 
spent the afternoon at the beach with people from the church . 
is motivating himself for hours of fun studying Spanish ! 
is getting ready for tomorrow . Teens coming over , food , lesson , hanging out , video games , and going to the beach . 
needs to quit drinking Mexican Coke , but it's so good . 
Wonders why the AC in his bedroom sounds like a cricket on speed . 
probably should have turned off the water before breaking the hose under the sink . But even if I wanted to , I didn't know the turn off valve is on the roof of my 2 story duplex . Thank God for friends with big ladders ! 
and Hudson were playing futbol ( soccer ) with the neighborhood kids in the park tonight until we got in trouble by some lady that didn't want the plants to get hurt . 
took the family to the beach yesterday , saw devil rays a few feet away 
wife just stepped on a gecko in our bedroom , she had to throw it away . 
hopes there will be a good turnout of youth today . Food , lesson , games , and the beach where we'll body surf , play futbol , and throw wet sand at each other . 
thinks that the new GI < PROPFIRST > movie is stinking cool , one of my favorites , I want to be a ninja that wears all black all the time and doesn't talk ( it only cost 46 pesos to see , that's about $3.50 ) 
wishes the neighbor with the blaring music and tons of bass would take \Thriller\ " off of repeat ! " 
just spent 3 1/2 hours debating his catholic friend on Skype ! my brain hurts . 
is drinking coffee studying espanol . I don't know what an indirect object is in English , this should be fun figuring out what it is in spanish . 
can't believe the Sports Illustrated is offering Madden 10 the game free with a new subscription to their magazine . 
Played volleyball in the street with his spanish speaking neighbors , and was invited to pay again tomorrow ! 
daughter drank Mexican tap water yesterday ! We'll see what happens . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Farve is a cyborg and will never retire . 
son was reading his Hot Pocket sleeve and said , \It says here to wait 2 minutes after cooking before eating . I don't listen to cardboard . \ " He then showed he meant what he said by not waiting . " 
is not surprised that his neighbors have \Thriller\ " turned up .... again " 
kids are watching < PROPFEMALE > in spanish , with a little english thrown in here and there . 
neighbors on both sides is having parties outside playing sweet mexican music . I'm putting money on that they last till at least 3 am . 
son Hudson lost his 3rd tooth today . 
Hudson starts 1st grade tomorrow where he doesn't know anybody half the day is in English the other half is in Spanish . Please pray for him . 
Had a good day at school . I asked what he did when they were teaching in spanish . He said he just said there and thought in his mind , \why don't they speak english \"." 
there are 3 spanish speaking neighborhood boys over playing Super Smash Bros . Melee with Hudson . 
son arrived at school today and other boys ran up to him and asked him to play american football ! 
daughter just gave our puppy a bath in the toilet ! She came down with a soaked puppy , a wet shirt , and the thinggy that hangs on the edge of the toilet to help keep it clean . 
is finishing his sermon for Sunday 
at Hudson's school the kids turn in pictures to the teacher with the name of who they want the teacher to give the picture to . Yesterday when she passed them out , everyone received a couple except for Hudson . He was a little sad , but said , \next time I'll turn one in for myself and say it was from Pablo \"" 
is attempting to make sun tea 
has a house full of students . 
had a great day teaching kids and taking them to the beach . 
spent the day in the rain fixing a member of the church's sewer pipes . 
son's friend , Jaun , brought over a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > DVD for him and Hudson to watch together . What is it with Mexicans and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?? 
wishes he had someone to study spanish with . 
wife just emailed out our monthly newsletter . Let me know if you didn't get one and would like to . 
thought he woke up to the alarm , but why is it still dark . Oh wait , it's one of my neighbors who apparently decides when everyone should wake up . She was kind enough to crank up her sweet music while she swept outside in the street . Maybe I should buy some drums and practice them a lot . ( what would Jesus do , What would Jesus do , what would Jesus do ) 
Is getting ready for a Quince Anos 
is getting ready to preach with a translator . 
FOOTBALL ! 
is watching NFL pregame in spanish 
is happy Santonio Holmes is on his fantasy team ! 
had 3 new teenagers at today's \Youth Day\ " in Manzanillo " 
Kicked butt in one fantasy league , is stinking in the other ( why did I draft < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >?) All the really matters is the Niners won ! only 6 more need to tie last years record . 
wonders how much intelligence does it take to blare your music with strong bass at 3:30 am on a Sunday night in a neighborhood where all the houses touch ? 
thinks owens is scared of getting hit . 
Happy Quince de Septiembre ! ( Mexico's Independence Day ) 
No school for Hudson today so we went to the beach . 
is happy that the youth are inviting their friends to his house for games , food , and Bible study on Saturdays . 
thinks we should follow Jesus even when we don't feel like it . Our faith needs to be more than just or current emotion . If I was convinced yesterday of what is true and what I should do , I should still be convinced of the same today no matter how hard or what my mood is . 
is watching football updates online hoping for a Texas loss . 
Wants the Raiders to loose , but needs more yards out of their runningbacks . 
just opened his first Mt . Dew in 3 months . I have 2 left to last me till Christmas . 
may never start Romo again on his fantasy team . No wonder he's never won a playoff game . 
Romo benched , Flacco starting 
wife just got into an accident . She's OK , but I haven't seen the car yet . 
is listening to what sounds like a party in his front yard . ( it's actually about 10 feet from my front door in my neighbor's yard ) Sleep is overrated anyways right ? 
Gore on 2 of my fantasy teams = bad . 49ers loose with 2 seconds left = really bad . 
son is getting picked on in school . :( 
needs to be more careful with the icyhot ! 
needs prayers . 
son aced his 6 week exams . 
is trying to sleep listening to his neighbors loud circus music . 
preached today with a translator , ( Thanks < PROPMALE >!) 
I wanted a griffin ... I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one , but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen . Of course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them . 
I enjoy mimicry . I've been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi . \It's a trap . \"" 
Sent out monthly newsletter today , let me know if you didn't get one and want one . 
Really ?!?! Obama ? Nobel Peace Prize ?? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA What a joke . They might as well have given it to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
is glad it's still warm enough to go to the beach ! 
Apparently Mexico won a soccer game . The music outside is so loud I have to yell at my wife so she can hear me . 
and his wife has become friends with their spanish tutor . Now we get free spanish lessons ! 
Deion Sanders said , \Is St. < PROPFIRST > really an NFL football team\ " HAHAHAHA " 
Ephesians 6:19 
drinking coffee , looking out the window at his palm tree while my daughter watches \Go Deigo Go \"" 
thinks today is a good reason why they need a playoff system for college football . 
is about 200 < PROPMALE > from a Cat . 5 hurricane . I should miss us though . 
woke up to a mild earthquake 
is taking his bi-annual deworming medicine . 
\Missions exists because worship doesn't\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Everybody has an altar every altar has a throne . how do you know where and what you worship ? Easy . Simply follow the trail of your time , your affection , your energy , your money , and your loyalty . At the end of that trail you’ll find a throne ; and whatever , or whomever , is on that throne is what’s of highest value to you . On that throne is what you worship - < PROPFIRST > Giglio 
preached this morning then went to the beach with the teenagers . 
got sunburned yesterday . 
son had to take water bottles to school . We didn't realize it was for the \Day of the Dead\ " shrine in his class . Apparently the water keeps away evil spirits . The other kids brought food for the dead to come and eat ....... Fantastic " 
watched a catholic mass at the Shrine to < PROPFIRST > in the park across the street tonight . 
neighbor is sitting up for a \day of the dead\ " party with a DJ . Music blaring with Speakers are being placed in my yard . I'm anticipating little sleep tonight ........... Where did I place that NyQuil ? " 
is finding out it doesn't take long for a jack-o-lantern to go bad when it's in the 90's everyday 
No school for Hudson today or tomorrow . It's \Day of the Dead\ " Holiday . There's a nice big altar in the park across the street . I'll load a pic soon . " 
woke up in the middle of the night with cold chills and 102 temp . 
still has the flu 
son , Hudson , turned 7 today ! 
is debating on if he should try to eat again or not , this morning it didn't turn out to good . 
has \dangue\ " ( thank you mosquitos ) " 
blood test showed his platelets were down farther today ( 75,000 supposed to be at least 150,000 ) . I get tested again tomorrow and if they are not going back up I'll need to be hospitalized . 
just got home from spenind the last 2 nights at the free hospital here in Mexico , ( very interesterting ) , My platelets dropped to 57000 , but started going up today . Thank you for all your prayers . 
just got his blood results , his platelets are back up to 147000 . But < PROPFEMALE>'s has dropped to 116000 . 
daughter , Brooklyn , has a mild fever . Please pray she doesn't have what < PROPFEMALE > and I had . ( Dengue ) 
Spent the day at the pool for Hudson's birthday party . 
Is getting ready to go fising in the ocean 
is having a hard time getting in the \Christmas Spirit\ " when it's 90 degrees outside . " 
posted pics of Hudson's birthday party on his blog . http://ryanaikins.blogspot.com/ 
son , Hudson , is in the spelling < PROPFEMALE > finals tomorrow at his school 
son , Hudson , won the spelling < PROPFEMALE > . Yes , it was in English , but the other kids knew their stuff . It took about 15 rounds till he was the only one left . 
thinks it's a nice problem to have when there aren't enough chairs at church . 
Just got back from taking the family to the beach 
I watching football in Spanish while < PROPFEMALE > prepares her first turkey ever . Pray for us all ! 
did anyone else have a 8 inch lizard walk across their kitchen floor today ? 
helped his neighbor < PROPFEMALE > a 80lb frozen tuna last night . They ended up making a party of cutting it up in front of their house at midnight and gave me about 5 lbs of it . 
time to go pick up kids for food , bible study , and video games 
and his family will be in the states in 3 weeks to renew visas , visit family , and raise more support . Please let us know of any possible speaking opportunites at your churches . 
2 year old daughter now makes me put on a shirt before I can < PROPFEMALE > her . ( Apparently she doesn't my hairy chest ) 
Repost- From < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Repost-From < PROPMALE > Atkins : \Are people more violently opposed to fur rather than leather because it's much easier to harass < PROPMALE > women than motorcycle gangs ? \"" 
woke up at 5:30 this morning to a live band , ( as in tuba , trumpet , bass drum ) , playing across the street sarinaing the < PROPFIRST > shrine/statue . People from all surrounding neighborhoods came to join in . Frustrating and sad at the same time . 
\what are you doing that requires faith ? \"" 
wants to know how a city runs out of water when it's right next to the ocean . 
leaves for the states in one week ,.......... not that I'm counting . 
was asked by his 7 year old , Hudson , \Dad did you like to drink coffee when you were a kid ? \ " \ " No\ " \ " Then why are you so short ? \"" 
leaves with his family at 6 am tomorrow for our 3 day trip to the states . 
is not wearing shorts and sandles for the first time in 6 months . 
is in Kansas , where the rivers flow with milk and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is in Kansas wishing he didn't leave his families winter clothes in Missouri . 
is heading to Missouri tomorrow . 
is in Mexico ...... Missouri 
Can't wait to watch the college football playoffs !.......... \ 
Oh wait , they don't exist 
without a playoff system college football is just a bunch of pointless exhibition games with a ton of pointless bowl games at the end with no real champion . 
Took his son and wife to their first NFL game today to watch the 49ers play some High School JV team 
has cabin fever 
Go big 12 ! 
Big 12 ! 
Just got his pop-up hot dog toaster in the mail ! OH Happy Day ! Oh ya , and my little girl turned 3 today . 
just finished building a snow fort with Hudson , enjoying some hot cocoa 
is heading outside to herd sheep . 
leaving missouri for Kansas today . One car , 2 kids , 6 hours , piece of cake . 
welllll , that's pretty cool 
Is heading to Oklahoma tomorrow 
Will be at Inola Oklahoma tonight 
leaving TX for Mexico today with the family . Should get home tomorrow night . 
Just got home to Mexico , 6 weeks , 6 thousand < PROPMALE > , over 100 hours of driving 
is back home wearing shorts and flip flops . 
just got done laying in his hammock watching the kids play barefoot in the park across the street . 
went to the beach today with Hudson and guys from the church . I'm pretty sure I prefer sand to snow . 
has a $1800 electric < PROPMALE > due tomorrow . 
is thankful for everyone who helped with the huge electric < PROPMALE > . 
Time for Spanish Bible study 
You should check out my new profile pic 
I gonna grill hamburgers today for the teens , then ... to the ocean . 
Going with the church to Guadalajara tomorrow to natural hot springs . 
KU Baby ! 
Rock , paper , scissors , lizard , Spock . It's very simple . Look -- scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock crushes lizard , lizard poisons Spock , Spock smashes scissors , scissors decapitates lizard , lizard eats paper , paper disproves Spock , Spock vaporizes rock , and as it always has , rock crushes scissors . 
went to a cook out at the beach last night with people from the church family . 
Really ?? http://bit.ly/9BslDY 
ahhhhh , my best friend in Mexico ............ Caffeine 
Doctors appointment today , 11 weeks down , 29 more to go ! 
needs his pregnant wife to RELAX , her blood pressure is high . 
KU !!!! Now put us back at #1 where we belong ! 
making my wife relax today . SO that means right now , Hudson ( 7 ) is vacuuming and Brooklyn ( 3 ) is washing dishes . 
:) KU up by 16 
KU = ranked #1 again 
is going fishing tonight in a boat in the ocean till 8am 
got to bed last night at 5:30 after fishing , church at 10 , time for nap . 
KU back home at #1 
loves his family ! 
can you say 2,000 wins ? 
R o c k C h a l k J a y h a w k K U 
Hudson had a lemonade stand in the park across the street tonight . He made 15 pesos . 
KU unanimous #1 in final coaches poll 
awesome , no water again 
12-0 run 
5 more to go 
Well that was embarrassing 
Done watching basketball , off to the beach , enjoy your snow . 
son was picked on and punched by neighborhood hoodlum for having a lemonade stand . 
man , what did I eat ? 
Failure does not shape you , the way you respond to failure shapes you . -Ortberg 
Anybody else's bracket look like pooooo ? If Baylor wins tomorrow I'll have 1 final four team right 
Hudson has a 2 week spring break from school , yesterday afternoon went swimming in a river with family and people from church . 
is head to mexican family camp tomorrow 8 hours away for 3 days . 
just got home from family camp ! 
is watching the championship in spanish 
have to sit down my salsa in case in need to jump up 
* vomit * 
How long till football season ? 
pregnant wife has a bacterial infection . Please keep her and the baby in your prayers . 
why is hot coffee the easiest of liquids to spill ? 
got nailed in the face with a baseball while pitching tonight ..... Thank you God that it was made of rubber . 
30 minutes till DRAFT time . Yay , the only exciting football event for the next 5 months ! 
I can't watch the draft with friends tonight , so I'll be eating wings by myself and updating facebook on things that excite me and frustrate me , sorry if you have to read these if you could care less about the draft . AND ...... here we go . 
and the first 4 picks are ...... from the Big 12 baby ! Chiefs , really , I hope you know something everybody else doesn't , a safety ! 6 picks down and 12 wings gone . 
I'd be crying too if the Browns were going to draft me ! 
And I quote , \I can't believe I'm going to be a Brown \"" 
CJ Spiller ?? 
9 pics in 60 minutes is pretty stinkin fast 
SF just traded for 10 pick . Is it an OT , or Clausen 
why did they trade up for an OT that was going to be there at 13 
another RB at 12 ? 
and the 9ers are back on the clock 
clausen ? 
Another OT ? 
what smells like vomit outside ?? 
Broncos paid a lot of picks for tebow , don't they already have 2 good qb's 
ANDDDDD the draft is back on ! 
Top 2 draft picks of All-time ...... < PROPFIRST > Montana #1 and < PROPFIRST > Rice #2 - both 49ers ! 
Sorry Colt McCoy , maybe someday you'll play for a NFL team . 
Sometimes you have to choose between the relationship and being right . 
our family drove to Mexico City , ( Texcoco to be exact ) , last night . Note to self : next time you drive 10 hours to a place you've never been in a foreign country , don't write the directions on 3 small pieces of scratch paper ! 
ate pigs feet today 
went to the pyramids with his family today . 
7 year old son , Hudson , preached today . 
Just got home from Mexico City 
ate octopus today . Would have been fine if I didn't see the little suction cup thinggys . 
baptized his son , Hudson , today ! 
wife and kids flight just arrived in KC . 
My wife and kids have been gone for 36 hours . So far I've eaten hot dogs , bologna sandwiches , and pizza . 
son has his first baseball game tonight , wish I could be there ! 
I don't like bananas , but I need fruit in my diet , and they're the easiest to open . 
WARNING : If you every try to take the healthy route and buy Turkey Bacon , be prepared for it to taste nothing like one of the best foods on the planet . 
see's 5 cops across the street in the park with M-16's and bullet proof vest . 
will be back in the states in one week . 
son Hudson had his second baseball game ever last night . He's at the age where kids pitch to kids . He hit a double and scored ! 
Dear neighbors , did you ever consider other people don't like listening to band music throughout the night till 6am . 
friend , < PROPMALE > , is flying down today from TX to help me drive back to the states on Monday . 
Is driving through TX 
After 23 hours of driving in 2 days , we made it to Ft . Worth . 
Made it to Kansas ! Seeing my family for the first time in 3 weeks and rain for the first time in 4 months . 
Back with his family in Mexico ........... Missouri 
Fair today with the family , dinner with friends , tomorrow starts 3 weeks of camp . 
just got done with an awesome week of camp at IMO , heading to Macomi on Sunday ! 
had a date with my beautiful wife last night , off to camp again today ! 
Hudson's baseball team is still undefeated . He hit a double tonight ! 
Another camp this week at shelbycounty ! 
Than you to everyone for all the Birthday wishes ! I feel truley loved and blessed ! 
Home from another awesome week of camp , this time at < PROPFIRST > County . Those teens are awesome ! 
Just finished 4th week of camp at I-MO 
9 years ago today I married my hot best friend . 
At a hibachi steakhouse with < PROPFEMALE > for our anniversary dinner 
Note to self , if I'm allergic to Soy don't eat Hibachi 
Planning on being at Inola , OK on Wednesday . 
Boarding 
Landed 
Had a great weekend 
Driving to KS 
Heading to TX tomorrow , then Mexico 
In ft . Worth TX 
Almost to the border 
In manzanillo 
Starting the long drive 
Back in the states . Driving to Oklahoma tonight 
In Oklahoma 
Going to church in Inola tonight 
In Kansas getting ready to eat at Big < PROPMALE>'s 
Made it to Mexico , MO 
Driving thru Indiana on our way to < PROPFEMALE > 
Now we are on ohio 
Is in < PROPFEMALE > 
Thank you to all our friends and family who helped us through this transition and thank you to our new church family and friends who continue to be a huge help and have made us feel very welcome . We definitely feel love ! 
went inside my first Wawa today . 
Great church service , awesome church picnic with lots of baptisms and new friends , and just finished my fantasy draft .......... Awesome day ..... Check 
Sitting in the Dr office with a 3 yr old and 7 yr old for almost 2 hours ...... Why aren't there any toys in here ? 
Needs a car 
What's your favorite snack ?? I need suggestions for what to take to the middles school pool party ! 
Awesome time tonight at middle school party ,..... I only tackled one jr. high girl . 
Taking the family to < PROPFEMALE>'s Playground ! 
Watching the Ravens game 
Hudson's first day of 2nd grade tomorrow morning . 
watched Hudson get on the bus this morning for the first day at his new school , he didn't really know any of the other kids , so he sat by himself . :( 
Hudson woke me up at 6:30 this morning ready for school . The bus came at 8:20 , by that time he was tired . 
my 3 1/2 year old daughter won't quit blinking . Has anyone else dealt with this ? 
Electricity is out . Ah memories 
Soooo apparently today is 9-02-10 = 90210 . The show responsible for the sideburns I've had for the past 17 years . 
Anyone going to the NYWC in Nashville this Nov ? 
Hudson picked out a guinea pig today . He picked the one he thought was the ugliest and nobody else would want it . 
I still haven't figured out a name for my baby boy that's due in 2 weeks . Any suggestions ? 
Nobody else may care , but living in Baltimore and being a 49ers fan . \The 49ers just signed < PROPFIRST > Smith \"" 
Just finished a awesome meeting in Philly 
Hudson doesn't have school tomorrow because of Rosh Hashana 
Hey FCC High Schoolers , Bonfire Saturday Night at the Smiths house @ 7pm . Let me know if you can make it and if you need directions . 
Time to go pick up < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE>'s mom , from the airport . 
At the dolphin show in the Baltimore aquarium 
FCC High Schoolers , don't forget bonfire tonight @ 7 at the Smith's house . Let me know if you need directions . 
Woot , great day yesterday . Awesome bonfire at the Smiths house with High Schoolers , and KU beat GT ( ranked 15th ) in football . Now time for a great day at church , then more football ............... now we just need my new son to show up ! 
Dear 49ers , I will not be spending any more money on your products until you start producing something worth supporting . 
Great night , youth leaders meeting was good , enjoyed watching the Ravens game with the guys , the chiefs are winning , tomorrow's my day off and would be a good day to have a baby . 
@ the doctors office with < PROPFEMALE > . Hope they keep her to push out a baby today 
At the Orange conference in D.C. 
Sitting at the DMV 
< PROPFEMALE > has been to the DMV/MVA twice today for a total of about 3 hours and they still are not accepting the proof of residency documents she has . Why are government employees so mean ? 
< PROPFEMALE > had strong contractions all night 8 minutes apart . Maybe I'll get to sleep in a hospital tonight . 
Child number 3 any day now = trading in Durango for minivan 
Internet Explorer - The number one browser for downloading a better browser . 
At < PROPMALE > Pablos eating their magic salsa to jump start labor 
At the hospital . Strong contractions 5 minutes apart 
Water broke 
My new son is here 
8lbs 4oz . 21 inches 
< PROPMALE > Jaxton Aikins 
at home holding < PROPMALE > watching football 
Time for < PROPMALE > to watch his first 49ers game ! 
@ Brooms Bloom 
Taking 35 teens on a bus to Camp < PROPFIRST > Cove in West < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend . It's gonna be a blast ! 
On the bus 
@ camp < PROPFIRST > Cove with the teens . No cell phone reception , but everyone is doing good 
On our way back to the church after an awesome weekend at camp < PROPFIRST > Cove 
< PROPMALE > is now 2 1/2 weeks old . We went to the doctor today he is 9 lbs . 15 oz . and 22.25 inches long . Since being home he has gained 2 lbs 
At Hudsons basketball practice 
Hudson made the 7/8 year old boys basketball travel team ! 
Thank you Jesus for this life 
If you get a text from < PROPFIRST > Favre don't open it 
Hey look , the 49ers have the same record as the Cowboys ! :P 
Good night Cowboys ! 
< PROPFIRST > Smith , the previous 3rd string QB for Baltimore that was cut , will start for the 49ers on Sunday 
Please , put this as your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The remaining 7% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
Go to Google Maps , then click get directions in the top left corner . Start in Japan & set your destination as < PROPFEMALE > . Look at direction No . 43 . 
The 49ers have now won twice as many games as the Cowboys . 
8 years ago today my oldest son Hudson was born and my life hasn't been the same since ! \ 
..... in a good way 
Sleeping in a box tonight ! 
Just got home from Box City . Thank you to everyone who contributed items and thank you to everyone who came out last night and this morning . We raised a TON of winter clothes for the homeless ! 
I think my forehead has a sunburn 
BOX CITY was a success\ 
41 trash bags full of coats and other clothes donated for the homeless ! 
Sponsor meeting tonight at 6:30 , let me know if you can make it 
9-0 in a 12 team fantasy football league . \ 
Who wants to go to Vegas ? 
Root canal repaired this morning at the dentist . Maybe I should send the < PROPMALE > to the guy who knocked my tooth out 17 years ago . 
My grandpa served at Iwo Jima 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Sanchez 
Leaving for Nashville in the morning to the NYLC 
Boarding the plane 
Landed in Nashville 
Worshipping with < PROPFIRST > Crowder at NYWC 
Coffee , the anti-4 a.m. 
What breaks your heart ? 
Are you only willing to follow Jesus up to a certain point ? 
Worshipping with < PROPFIRST > Camp 
is feeling appreciated by his Senior Minister 
How did I spend the morning before Thanksgiving ? - Mowing my yard 
Having a blast Watching the Ravens game with a bunch of guys from the church ! 
Families are like fudge ... mostly sweet with a few nuts . -author unknown 
Fork Christian Middle School and High School service project . Meet tomorrow at 8:30 am at Mountain Christian Church . Wear old , warm clothes . We will be done at noon . 
Off to the building team meeting , then the youth service project ! 
Dear Santa , \ 
Please stop watching me sleep . \ 
Sincerely , totally creeped out . 
Dear Diets , \ 
Hahahahahaha ! \ 
Sincerely , The Holidays 
Going Christmas shopping with the guys tonight ......... I won't be embarassed , I won't be embarassed , I won't .............................. 
Note to self , on mens shopping trip don't split a dish at the steakhouse 
There's really no way of knowing whether a pile of laundry used to be a Jedi . 
In Memphis 
On plane #2 . Next stop Columbia , MO 
On the ground in missouri 
HAHAHA Cowboys , thanks for the gift ! 
Singletary has been fired ! 
Sitting on a plane in Missouri . Getting ready to head home with the family 
Sitting on the ground in the plane . The pilot just said we need to wait a few minutes while he burns up 300 pounds of fuel . Why am I paying for check in luggage again ? 
Sitting in the plane at Memphis waiting to park . I think someone took our spot . 
congratulations NFC West , you are the worst conference ever . 
BREAKING NEW ..... Sorry Seahawks , Chiefs , Colts , Eagles , Packers , Saints , Bears , Jets , Ravens , and Steelers . The NFL has gone to the BCS system , the Patriots and Falcons will play in the Super Bowl in a month . This is best for everyone involved , the fans will love it . 
“When have we forgotten that the church doesn’t exist for us ? We are the church and we exist for the world . ” – < PROPMALE > McManus 
Guys night with Hudson , watching the < PROPFEMALE > Treader in 3D ! 
Apparently the AFC West is worse than the NFC West . 
I think we're nieve if we believe that Cam was the only player in a Bowl game who has received money . And receiving money isn't cheating in a game . Maybe the high percent of performance enhancing drug use is cheating , but that's done by most in college football . So we can't single out any team for doing something that they all do . 
Small Groups are cancelled for tonight 
Comfort is an enemy of faith 
Exciting week ahead , expecting to stop moving for a break sometime next week 
If at first you don't succeed , you'll get a lot of free advice from folks who didn't succeed either . - < PROPMALE > Lowrey 
MERGE Tonight 6pm in the newly renovated space 
No Small Groups tonight 
Fork Small Groups cancelled tonight 
Spiritual maturity is increasing surrender , not escalating accomplishment . 
Middle School & High School Super Bowl Party tonight where MERGE meets @ 6pm , bring a friend and a snack ! 
The world is full of worshipers and complainers . Worshipers always find something to worship and complainers always find something to complain about . Which are you ? 
Thank you God for my beautiful wife who is a wonderful mother and continually puts up with me . 
The purpose is not to grow the church or to serve the church , but to be the church . 
How we spend our days is , of course , how we spend our lives 
No MERGE tonight 
At Hudsons basketball Olympic day 
< PROPFEMALE>'s subbing . So I'm at home with Brooklyn and < PROPMALE > . ( 4 and 5 months ) . Time to build a blanket tent ! 
Brooklyn insist in wearing her swimsuit 
Oh look , KU Big 12 Champs ... again #1 seed in the NCAA Tournament ....... again 
apparently my facebook was hacked 
Holy Cow Morehead State 
note to NCAA teams in tourney , don't foul with less than 3 seconds left 
Great night at MERGE tonight ! 
Jayhawks baby ! 
WOOHOO 
PAINTBALL ! 
Spent most of the day paintballing , I'm pretty sore 
Get to go to the movies with the wife this week , what do you recommend ? Source Code , Battlefield LA , Limitless , or The Adjustment Bureau 
