Let the packing commence ..... 

Packing complete . Moving in in the morning . 
My room is now officially a fire hazard . 
< PROPMALE > took 11 hours and 32 minutes to check-in my package ! WTF 
The Google is broken . 
Google is no longer broken ! Yay ! 
:) 
Google chat is down , and the elevator is < PROPMALE > is broken . WTF 
Well , google is fixed . Maybe that elevator can get fixed too . 
thinks the Village was struck by lightning . 
EMAE 350 sucks :( 
just walked back from GhettoBell in a light rain at 2AM . Swisher was there . < PROPMALE > was on drugs . 
\was at < PROPMALE > Wonka's Light Bulb factory . \"" 
What am I doing on a Sunday night after 9:30 ? Yeah , that's right . I'm working in the lab in Glennan testing samples that should have been all done by the end of August . 
My solution to my EMAE 350 take home test is 18 pages long ! 
I thought my day was going bad when my desktop stopped working . Then I found out that one of my roommates had his bike stolen . And then I found out that another one of my roommates had his car stolen . I guess my day isn't so bad after all . 
Vote < PROPFIRST > Karnick for Homecoming < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Dooley for Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > ! 
abortion jokes are funny . 
Due to the Great Village Flood of 2009 , the carpet in my apartment is extraordinarily wet and , most of the common closet space in my apartment is currently unuseable . 
watched the Ares I-X launch live . 
just did his Thermo 2 homework in under an hour . Something must be very wrong . 
is done with 830 class for the rest of the semester ! w00t ! 
Why are the Browns on ESPN and FOX ? 
just finished watching Boondock Saints for the first time . 
Finals are over !!!!!!!!!!! 
home 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
is in Glennan all by himself . 
back at Case 
Rush Phi Kappa Tau ! Monday , < PROPFIRST > . 11 , CiCi's Pizza all-you-can-eat for free ! Meet at Clarke Tower @ 6pm ! 
Rush Phi Kappa Tau ! Tuesday , < PROPFIRST > . 12 , Laser Tag ! Meet at Clarke Tower @ 6:30 pm ! 
Go Vikings ! 
Quaker Steak ! 6:30 PM ! CLARKE TOWER !! 
Mountain Dew = the path to being able to stay awake all night doing homework that's been put off by my new found procrastination 
The 2000+ words that I've just written may not be the best I've written , but they were definitely the easiest I've written . And why did I just finish writting something at 4AM ? There must be something wrong with me . I've never procrastinated like this before . 
Christian < PROPMALE > Mohr , you can keep your stupid circle . 
I have an interview for a DoD internship ! 
The next person to set the fire alarm off in House 5 will die a slow and painful death . 
So much to do , so little time . I wish that there were more hours in a day and more days in a week . 
Its not cool to set the fire alarm off at 1:15 AM , not cool at all . 
Damn you CASE ; why can't the internet work ? 
Navier-Stokes rocks my world ! 
I just almosted used the mouse for my desktop in an attempt to move the turn the < PROPFEMALE > of my textbook . 
Why is my econ homework 22 pages long ? 
Productivity for the win ! 
So I can't integrate properly . This may be a problem . 
Wednesday's Schedule : 2 exams and a quiz ... 
HOO-RAH ! PHI TAU ! 
Oops , just spent a bunch of time trying to solve for the wrong thing . 
Now walk it out . Now walk it out . Now walk it out . Now walk it out . West side walk it out , east side walk it out , north side walk it out , south side walk it out . 
Hallelujah ! I got an 82 on my Transport exam ! 
encourages all his friends ( at least those able to ) to come to Phi Kappa Tau Casino Night : Treasure Island Friday night , 8pm in Carlton ... sign up tables are around ... or you can show up night of ! All proceeds benefit some amazing children , the kids of Camp Boggy Creek ... a camp for terminally and chronically ill children . Every dollar helps ! 
Phi Kappa Tau Casino Night : Treasure Island tonight at 8 ! < PROPMALE > Commons , do it for the kids !!!! 
came home from work today , had to put my dog Angus down , and bury him in the backyard :( 
There is a velociraptor at my door . When did I enter the \Twilight Zone \"?" 
Let the waiting commence ! 
Attention all Case students : Become a fan of Qdoba Northeast Ohio . If they have 500 fans by next Monday , they're loading a free entree onto everyone's card ! 
Out of town til Sunday after 7pm . If you need me , call or text 440.452.8247 
Thank you , everyone , for the birthday wishes 
has the best little ever , < PROPFIRST > Grzybowski ! 
1 interview down . 1 midterm and 1 interview to go . 
1 interview and 1 midterm down . 1 interview to go . 
\Case Democrats take over USG ; spending is over budget . \ " - Case Rinard " 
I don't appreciate it when my psychology prof . doesn't answer emails about which chapters are going to be on the test a few days before the exam . 
One presentation , one final exam , and one paper to go . 
1 presentation down ; 1 final and 1 paper to go 
The only thing separating me from winter break is my senior project final paper 
I am official done for the semester . 
I have reassembled my desktop at home . I'm just afraid that my dog is going to chew on a cable . 
I want my senior project grade ! 
Fall 2010 gpa = 3.615 ! Highest gpa since fall 2008 
I'm fairly certain that my lab has gremlins that keep stealing and breaking stuff . 
The vending machine gave me a free bottle of Pepsi with my Mountain Dew . WIN ! 
I am officially an ENGR 225 < PROPFEMALE > for spring semester . 
I just got my flight info from the Navy . I guess I am actually going to Jacksonville . 
Leaving < PROPMALE > at 10am tomorrow for Jacksonville . I'll be back Thursday at 11pm . 
Back in < PROPMALE > . I guess I need to get my nose back to the grindstone . 
When paying $ 3,745 per semester for housing , one would assume you would get functioning heat all winter . Apparently not at Case Western Reserve University where the heat stops working when its 12 degrees outside causing the temperature in the common room to drop to 55 degrees with no sign of stopping . 
The heat is out AGAIN ! I'm thinking about starting a fire in the common room . 
Week 4 completed . Only 11 weeks remaining in my undergraduate college career . 
So many emails . Make it stop . 
I hate < PROPFIRST > Smalley . 
What I learned today : don't ever buy anything made of fall-a-particle board . 
I don't like teaching in classrooms with chalkboards ; I end up covered in chalk dust . 
Is there medication available for senioritis ? 
First snow day in 4 years . Thank you to < PROPFIRST > Givens for waking me up at 8:30 to let me know . 
English units are the bane of my existence . 
In the Navy ! 
2 parking tickets within 21 hours . Thank you Case Western Reserve University Security and Standard Parking Corporation . 
