One week till school ... AHHH 

Is in Arizona :) 
GOD IS AMAZING !!! 
The fullness of your grace is here with me . In your presence , God , I'm completely satisfied . For you , I sing , I dance . I rejoice in this divine romance ! 
The first love and last love is self-love !!! 
Had a great run .... 
BUSY BUSY BUSY !!! 
Hates this school and < PROPFEMALE > stuff !!!! URG .. why can't it be simple ?? 
Might not be able to go to UTSA this year ... :( 
:) 
Education is one of the most precious things you can give a child . 
Lead me by your truth and teach me , For you are the God who saves me . All day long I put my hope in you . 
May the Master pour on the love so it fills your lives and splashes over on everyone around you ... May you be infused with strength and purity , filled with confidence in the presence of God our Father ” 
Whether we speak to others or serve them , we should always consider if we are praising our heavenly Father ! It's not about us !! 
All difficulties can be overcome if you have true faith in Him !!! 
I want to go to the beach 
Is very overly super excited about her job !!!! 
Life here on earth is a journey . It is filled with ups and downs , happiness and sorrows , challenges and success . This is to test our faith and conviction , to put our hope and trust on our Almighty Lord , who is always there to guide us ... till we reach the end of our journey -- our salvation . 
Virtually helping save dogs ... 
Says drawing her abc book on the computer is a challenge , but really fun !!! 
It took me four hours to make 3 pages on the computer for my book . WOW 
Doesn't feel so well . :( 
Feels alittl ebetter :) and can't wait till the weekend . :) 
Is now teaching pre-k BIG YAY !!! :) 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
Happy Birthday to .. ME ! Happy Birthday to .. ME ! Happy Birthday to .. Me ! Happy Birthday to .. Me !! 
Thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday . It was lovely . :) 
Has A , C , D , F and some of B done for her book . Whah Hoo !!! 
It's Friday Wahoo !!!! 
Is glad for the weekend :) 
Let's fill ourselves up with Christ today 
is :/ 
We go through life so often not stopping to enjoy the day , and we take each one for granted as we travel on our way . We never stop to measure anything we just might miss , but if the wind should blow by softly you'll feel an angel's kiss . 
TGIF - Today God is First ! Be sure to give Him the < PROPFEMALE > for getting you through another week at work . By putting Him first , you will have the incredible satisfaction of having walked in a manner \worthy of the calling with which you have been called ! \"" 
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in ? Also , is wondering in elementary school , in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a single file line from smallest to tallest . What is the logic ? Do tall people burn slower ? 
is really down , confused , and doesn't know how to feel right now ... 
Is having one fun night ... :) 
is alittle bored .. 
If in the course of the day you get stressed out and feel like you have no place to turn , think again ! Turn to the Lord . Bless His name ! Remember , He is God . Praise Him . It will be noticeable to your company's leaders and those around you that you are driven by something much more powerful than the stress factors that seem to drive everyone else . 
loves how it feels outside . :) 
Is going out ... 
Hates this cough ... 
Love's the song : What faith can do : by kutless 
Is going out to a club ... Wow .. no , seriously . I am .. 
Alittle tired today .. I can't imagine why ... :) 
“May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you a spirit of unity among yourselves as you follow Christ Jesus , so that with one heart and mouth you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ . ” ( Romans 15:5 -6 ) 
wants to bundle up in a blanket and sleep ... 
Just when you think it can't get worse , it does .... 
Have faith in your dreams and someday your rainbow will come smiling through . No matter how your heart is grieving , if you keep believing , the dream that you wish will come true . ” 
Keep on asking , and you will be given what you ask for . Keep on looking , and you will find . Keep on knocking , and the door will be opened . For everyone who asks , receives . Everyone who seeks , finds . And the door is opened to everyone who knocks . < PROPFIRST > 7:7 -8 
“Life lives , life dies . Life laughs , life cries . Life gives up and life tries . But life looks different through everyone's eyes . ” 
Had fun last night .... 
is registered for classes .. :) 
Is blowing bubbles ... 
My < PROPMALE > class was cancelled :( guess I'll go with political science instead ... 
Isn't feeling very well ... 
Is in her singing mood ... LALALA 
Needs to really relax and destress ... 
Is glued to the couch .. Um literally . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ..... GOBBLE GOBBLE 
Is full from all the turkey ... 
is REALLY trying to stay away from the thousands of chocolate chip cookies in her freezer ... AHHHH cookie dough is SOOOO good ... mmmmm 
is exhausted .... 
Loved the parade and lights in < PROPMALE > City .. 
Stay focused by keeping Christ first in everything you do ! Don't try to do anything by yourself . Use the power of the Holy Spirit to advance His Kingdom ! 
A True Friend understands your past , believes in your future & accepts you today just the way you are . 
Through persistence , self-knowledge , prayer , commitment , optimism , a resolute trust in God and the building of your own personal moral strength , you can enjoy the blessings of a deeper faith and face the difficulties of life with courage and confidence . 
Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing . 
Is in Fort Worth till Sunday ... 
Is back home where it's warm .. YAY 
Courage , sacrifice , determination , commitment , toughness , heart , talent , guts . That's what girls are made of ; the heck with sugar and spice . 
How fast is a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter . 
Resolve to trust the Lord in 2010 . Allow Him to be your main focus in your workplace as well as in your every day life . 
Can not seem to stop smiling .... :) God is amazing .... 
I pray that 2010 will bring each of us a little closer Christ . Happy New Year !! 
Where the spirit of the Lord is , there is freedom . 
Have faith and let the Holy Spirit fill your heart with His love . Nothing can satisfy like the love of our Father ! 
Is so stressed with UTSA and hopes to get everything squared away with fiscal services ... 
So much to do , so much to do ... I move to UTSA 2mrw .. ahhh , but yay .... 
is on campus .... 
..... 
Today , you should celebrate what an unbelievable life you have had so far : the accomplishments , the many blessings , and , yes , even the hardships because they have served to make you stronger . 
Got about an hour and a half of sleep and is off to class .... 
First day of school went well . It's been a long day and isn't over yet . Just can't seem to get myself to eat or sleep either :/ 
Love is either unconditional or it's no love . You might like someone conditional on their personality or behavior or circumstances . But love accepts no boundaries . So never say ' I love you because ' , for love has no cause , love comes from God . 
\Be still and know I am here . \"" 
Really hopes she can find a job on campus ... :/ 
Does not recommend jumping on the bed if your tall .... :) 
Why is my printer printing ??? I didn't tell it too ... AHHH 
I am with you always , even to the end of the age 
It's in the time of unknowing that having faith is what sees you through to the other side . Faith is what gives you strength . Faith is that light in your heart that keeps on shining even when it's all darkness outside . Now is the time to keep that faith alive ! 
You keep wanting to know how things will play out , keep asking to see the future . God doesn't give anyone the power to know the future , because life becomes maddeningly boring when you know everything upfront . So , instead of struggling , enjoy the uncertainty - to be alive means to not know . 
Fell off the bed laughing so hard ... 
Be still and know I am here ... 
Do your very best today and may God bless your hard work , your honesty , and your integrity . There is great peace knowing that you never have to look over your shoulder to see if anyone is going to “catch” you ! You are “Working for Christ” wherever you are and others are finding Him as a result of your witness ! 
Stress fracture in my foot :( not fun .. 
Its all rainy and yucky outside today ... Its a good day for studying .... :) 
Algebra test 2mrw .... 
Is soooo sore ... It feels great ... 
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it , but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives . 
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart . 
So what if a new line of cereal came out ; hammios , pork loops , mice krispies , frosted bacon flakes , scrapple jacks , and < PROPFEMALE > bunches of goats ? 
People don't just fall in love everyday . In most cases , we're so caught up in preconcieved notions about what love is & what it should feel like & act like & look like , that when we finally have it in our midst , we're blind to it until it's too late & it's slipped through our fingers ... 
take a risk , take a < PROPMALE > , make a change , and breakaway ... 
Que Hora Es ??? 
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do and seriously how many roads must a man walk down before he admits hes lost ? 
Your undying faith is what keeps the flame of love alive 
? (•???•?) ? ? (-???- ? ) ? ? (????•?) ? 
BEST WEEKEND EVER !! Thank you to everyone for the Birthday wishes ... 
Yep , no words needed here ...... :) 
