is sick . on her birthday . 

thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
mmm ... nyquil . 
just took my first microcomputing exam ... next is my first basic human structure exam :/ 
hates car cruises ! 
hates car cruises in Saxonburg when they fall on the ONE saturday she requested off work ! 
sitting in class , learning every detail of Microsoft Excel 2007 ... 
memorizing the Hotel Saxonburg menu ... 
had a wild time at work tonight . gotta love halloween :) 
got out of Coding 1 early and is now sitting at home , and exceptionally bored ... 
great job to everyone involved in PCS ' fall drama ! friday night off well spent :) 
There is a whole corner of my microcomputing class talking excitedly to one another about the twilight books . How they made them cry , how you get mad at the main character in books 3 and 4 , and remember the part where .... WOW . 
One final down , only three more to go ! Come on Christmas break !!!!!! 
is considerably frustrated . oh the joys of college . 
loves snow , hates cold . if i could have the former without the latter , that would be great . 
looks a bit like a chipmunk .... 
note to self : start looking for a new job ..... 
dark chocolate cocoa + caramel = mmmmmm :) 
\Never in a debtor's prison ? \ " A Tale of Two Cities " 
lasagna time ! 
watching Righteous Kill .... daddy/daughter bonding time :) 
saw the name Dr. Watson in someone's status and immediately thought Sherlock Holmes . Nerdy ? 
so ... this 40-degree weather < PROPFEMALE > heat wave is making me want summer to be here . really bad . 
spent the greater portion of my day cleaning ... finally done ! 
daddy washed my car for me :) 
the Subaru is healed ! and CLEAN ! 
i need ... a new job . and more sleep . 
hates in when people leave in the middle of a conversation , but should perhaps take it as a hint that she talks too much ... 
so glad tonight's meeting got cancelled ... 
NEW JOB NEW JOB NEW JOB NEW JOB NEW JOB .... i got a new job :) 
is officially TERRIFIED of driving in the snow . NEVER AGAIN . 
watchin the superbowl ... commercials . 
got my phone call from Kohls- officially hired ! 
snow snow snow ... come on , bc3 , CANCEL ! 
NCIS 
Another day snowed in ... going to force myself to do some homework ... 
time to shovel some snow ... 
just made a perfect snow angel . next activity : making valentines ! 
gettin ready for work at the hotel ... :/ 
can't decide if Mardi Gras is my least favorite or most favorite holiday ... 
feels like curling up and reading a good book ... GO AWAY COLD WEATHER ! 
has to be at Kohl's at 6:30 tomorrow . that is 6:30 AM . 
thunderstorm ! 
Work at Kohl's tonight , then an early morning with Addison . This week , the fun never stops ! 
DONE . * hallelujah chorus * 
Praying for a busier day at the Hotel tmrw ... 
Hanson on < PROPFIRST > Leno WHAT ?! Is this the return of Mmmbop ? 
My summer schedule has suddenly just cleared ... and i am completely ok with that . 
86 Hotel Saxonburg :( 
Tomorrow i say goodbye to my teenage years- when did i get so .... OLD ?! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! 
phantomoftheoperaticketsphantomoftheoperaticketsphantomoftheoperatickets .... going to see phantom of the opera for my birthday !!!!!!!! :D 
Thoroughly enjoying my \official day off\ " . Why is life always so busy ? " 
Homemade pumpkin ice cream :) perfect end to my weekend . 
Can I have yo numba ? Can I have it ? You gorgeous , girl . You involved ?.... Oh Walmart , there's a reason I hate shopping in your stores .... 
Barnes & < PROPMALE > is a dangerous , dangerous website- it is worse than the actual store ! 
It is now OFFICIALLY the holiday season ! Thats right- i broke out the NSYNC christmas cd ... 
Elf :) 
running on the treadmill or crawling under the stairs for christmas decorations .... decisions , decisions ... 
Decorating ! 
wrapping Christmas presents , listening to Christmas music .... best of all , NO HOTEL til after Christmas ! 
oh my goodness ... pajama jeans ... sexy as designer jeans , comfy as elastic-waist sweatpants .... and if you call now , free gray tshirt ! what a deal . cousins- guess what youre getting for christmas next year !!! 
Packing for FLORIDA !!!!!!!!!! 
To the Ravens fan talking trash on my flight from Baltimore to Tampa : HAHAHAHAHAHA ..... I'm sorry , but I do believe the * Steelers * just crushed YOU . You spoke too soon , my friend . WAY too soon . 
freezing rain , snow , and frigid temperatures , < PROPFEMALE > ? really ?! way to make me miss ya , lol . think i'll stay in florida for a few more weeks ... :) 
Starting the trip home tomorrow ..... < PROPFEMALE > , you better have your act together by the time i get there on sunday . just sayin . 
my whole news feed just blew up with STEELERS ! 
peeling wallpaper off the family room walls .... this is going to take awhile . 
Responsible . Alcohol . Management . Program . Something tells me it wont be quite as interesting the second time around , but one can hope . 
Just got done on the treadmill , now i'm HUNGRY . Funny how that works . 
Just witnessed about 30 seconds of a Ke$ha performance . I think I heard my brain cells screaming as they died- or maybe that was just the song . 
I would like to thank my parents , my orthodontist , and my dentist . and the very generous man who liked my smile . thank you very , very much :D 
I don't really understand myself , for I want to do what is right , but I don't do it . Instead , I do what I hate . \ 
Romans 7:15 
cleaned my room , vacuumed the house , did laundry , made dinner , now learning to crochet ... i feel so ... domestic . 
i . LOVE . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
7 am , waking up in the morning ... its friday , friday ... 
Here comes the rain ! Can't wait . I love a good thunderstorm :) 
Jeopardy ! 
