is enjoying a scotch and watching the Military History Channel , should be working and really should be sleeping 

is enjoying several adult beverages while thinking of the lyrics to a < PROPFIRST > Cooke song while listening to his dogs chomp bones 
Is watching all 4 Indiana Jones films and enjoying several scotches ..... it's a big night 
is tired today , dreary and rainy out . I sense a Movie marathon , perhaps Marley and Me , Old Yeller , The Yearling and the 1987 AFC Championship game 
is sleepy from his 5am < PROPFEMALE > wake up call , I defy anyone to sleep through a thorough clawing ! :-) 
is watching Wimbledon ..... wow , a classic 
Not much , didn't fall asleep until 4am but did get to see a few movies to kill the time LOL 
Sleep is what's on my mind but the All < PROPFEMALE > game is what's on TV 
They supposed that once Caeser had been eliminated , the Republic would automatically come back into being . 
is not feeling well , sore throat and feverish , need sleep ( what's new ) . I hope it's nothing trivial and something good like swine flu ! I could get on TV without waiting for my neighborhood to flood ! 
Big day sleeping on the sofa and watching TV all day yesterday , today looks to be just as exciting 
is working ..... on a Saturday .... whoo hoo ! Good Times ! 
What's on my mind ???? I think there's a limit on what I can type so I'll just say lots and lots and lots and leave it at that . Sadly it's loaded up with work , my new favorite weekend activity 
is thinking his last update about a Lobster roll has made me hungry for a lobster roll .... weird . Oh < PROPFEMALE > ball ...... ( can't get a song out of my head ) 
I like digital cameras because they allow you to reminisce immediately ...... vests are all about protection , life vest protect you from drowning .... bullet proof vests protect you from getting shot and sweater vests protect you from pretty girls . 
So much is on my mind , parents just left for DC , nursing a very sick dog that will probably be having surgery Monday and I am as sick as can be . Never wish for swine flu or you may get it LOL . Actually I think it's just an upper respiratory thing but I have almost no voice left today . 
is finally getting over the swine flu and Grub is doing much better ! 
is glad to be home after spending three days in Hot Springs , Arkansas for work . The ride there and back wasn't bad though LOL . Now back to work tomorrow ... yippie ! 
is wondering how wrong it is that I have to work over \Labor Day\ " weekend ??? Very excited to get to testify in a lawsuit at 8am Tuesday morning ( that was sarcasm for those not picking it up LOL ) " 
I really don't have time to be on here ( even after spending the day working ) but I have to check on my corn and other crops ...... stupid Farm Town LOL ! 
Ok , so that was a good game , Ohio State played their hearts out and should still be in the hunt , at least the have the guts to play tough teams early unlike some other , un-named teams . Fight on for Ol SC ! USC will be playing Florida in Pasadena in January ! 
and that's your ball game ladies and gentlemen ...... another fine performance but the Redskins offense ..... which was quite offensive ! 
Working while streaming the Redskins game om my laptop ..... is there anything the internet can't do ???? If only it could give the Skins a win ! 
is cooking a giant vat of his award winning chili ...... not sure why , now I need a bunch of people to eat it 
is thinking the Redskins are horrible this year .... I wonder who the coach will be next year 
had delicious grilled sweetbreads for dinner , you people who don't like offal just don't know what you are missing . Needless to say I enjoyed them all to myself LOL ! 
so , it's after midnight , I'm officially old and I can't sleep ..... at least the Dodgers are winning ! :-) 
I know some people that are very happy Arkansas left town ! 
is not sad he missed the first half of the Redskin game 
Hey ....... good news everyone .... The Redskins are not going to lose today !!!!!..... Sadly , next week they actually have to play someone 
So you take a picture of something you see In the future where will I be ? You can climb a ladder up to the sun Or a write a song nobody has < PROPFIRST > Or do something that's never been done Do something that's never been done 
An old fairytale told me The simple heart will be prized again A toad will be our < PROPMALE > And ugly ogres our heroes 
Finally home , wow what a long day , very happy to be off Wednesday ! 
is watching his cat get more and more stoned on his catnip filled mouse . He's running around the house like a < PROPFEMALE > meth addict whose mobile home is on fire 
This status update is brought to you by the Glad family of products 
wow ... Ohio State ! What a game ! Looks like they're going to the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl ( not too far from Disney Land ) 
I wish tomorrow was January 18th so I could just bypass the entire Holiday season , so not ready for it this year on any level LOL 
Xanax ...... it isn't just for breakfast anymore ! 
...... cooking the gravy ..... it's all about the gravy you know .... gotta be the gravy 
..... it's finally cold outside ( ok .... Florida cold ) no shorts today !! 
If there's flooding ..... it must be Shore Acres ..... if it's flooding in Shore Acres , I must be interviewed on the local news again ....... I need to get an agent ! 
...... just received some green chili from my friend < PROPMALE > in New Mexico ! Can't wait to dig in and make some enchiladas and tamales to go with it ! 
Just watched a screener of The Blind Side , what a good film , very uplifting and inspiring .... and I could use some inspiring ( who couldn't ? ) 
Wishing everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy Holiday ! 
.... so 2011 huh ..... so a whole new year .... where's those flying car and cities in space Walt Disney promised me we'd have by now ?????? 
Today is the first day of the rest of your life . Unless you have a time machine , then it could be yesterday . 
\It's Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . \"" 
thinks a firm handshake and looking a person in the eye makes for a good first impression . And wearing pants helps too . 
Why are we trusting a groundhog to determine future weather ? It’s called 5 Doppler 5000 , people . Let’s use that thing . 
I was trying to figure out the difference between figure skating and ice dancing . Then I got bored and ate a sandwich . 
I'm still waiting for the hover-board from ' Back to the Future 2 ' to be invented . The world is ready . 
' Sort of ' is such a harmless thing to say . Sort of . It's just a filler . Sort of - it doesn't really mean anything . But after certain things , sort of means everything . Like after ' I love you ' or ' You're going to live . ' 
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time . 
FB is BLOCKING all of your Friends ' News Feeds / Status Updates / etc ., except 250 they randomly choose . To undo : on the homepage , select News Feed ( Most Recent ) , scroll to bottom , click \Edit Options . \ " Reset 250 to 5000 & you're good to go . Repost to help your friends ! " 
I wonder what the most intelligent thing ever said was that started with the word ' dude . ' ' Dude , these are isotopes . ' ' Dude , we removed your kidney . You're gonna be fine . ' ' Dude , I am so stoked to win this Nobel Prize . 
I was at a party , and I saw a guy with a leather jacket , and I thought , ' That's cool ' . Then I saw a guy with a leather vest and I thought , ' That's not cool ' . It was then that I realized what coolness is all about ... leather sleeves . 
.... over Macho Grande ? No ... I'll never be over Macho Grande 
The Boomtown Rats have never been more right !! 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > , let the poison out 
More special presents left by the dogs ..... I'm thinking I have too many pets 
Worst sinus infection I've ever had , my eyes and teeth are throbbing , I hope this monster < PROPFEMALE > lets me sleep tonight , luckily I have some left over pain killers LOL 
My face hasn't hurt this much since April 14 , 2008 
MOM ....... MEATLOAF .... NOW !!!! _ 
Ahhh big day planned , so similar to yesterday .... work , and blowing my nose ..... good times 
What a crap day 
I think when you get right down to it , most people are self centered and unappreciative but perhaps I'm jaded 
I hate traffic 
Sick of being sick 
Reach out , hands in the air , Don't care just what they're \ 
sayingHold out , just keep on hoping against hopeThat it's gonna \ 
get betterDon't worry , there's no hurry for you , for me , Everything's\ 
gonna come aroundShout out , someone will listen to you , to me , Someone's\ 
gonna see 
And when the night is cloudy , there is still a light , that shines on me , \ 
\ 
\ 
shine until tomorrow , let it be . \ 
I wake up to the sound of music , mother < PROPFIRST > comes to me , \ 
speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
There's a part of me that wants to ride a barrel\ 
over Niagara Falls . But there's a bigger part of me that says , oh hell\ 
no . 
Just got an email from a lovely Nigerian fellow \ 
who wants to share his 300 million dollar inheritance with me . All I \ 
need to do is send him my bank account and social security < PROPFIRST > . \ 
It's my lucky day ! 
Ah .... I remember when I use to be into nostalgia , those were the days 
Ok so Cafe World is great , but hard to use when it keeps reloading and won't let me pick up any dishes , perhaps I need a break or perhaps I'm taking a fake restaurant to seriously LOL 
Sad about little < PROPMALE > , that show was cursed 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Hopper 
If you can dodge a wrench ..... you can dodge a ball 
British\ 
Petroleum(BP ) rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott made a comment , “Louisiana isn’t \ 
the only place that has shrimp . ” His office phone number is \ 
( 713)323-4093 and his email is randy.prescott@bp.com Give him a call\ 
or send an email ! Tell him “BP isn’t the only place that has fuel \ 
for my car ! ” PLEASE ... REPOST . 
I like parties , but I don’t like piñatas because the pinata promotes \ 
violence against flamboyant animals . Hey , there’s a donkey with some \ 
pizzazz . Let’s kick its ass . What I’m trying to say is , don’t make the \ 
same Halloween costume mistake that I did . 
A drunk driver is very dangerous . So is a drunk backseat driver if he’s \ 
persuasive . ‘Dude make a left . ’ ‘Those are trees ’ ‘Trust me . ’ 
If I ever saw an amputee getting hanged , I’d probably just start calling\ 
out letters . 
Well , it looks like today will be the day my team has to pay the < PROPFEMALE > . 2 year postseason ban and forfeit championship . Thank you < PROPMALE > Bush , hope you have to give your Heisman back 
The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to \ 
reminisce . Instantly . 
My favorite fruit is grapes . Because with grapes , you always get another\ 
< PROPMALE > . ‘Cause , you know , if you have a crappy apple or a peach , you’re\ 
stuck with that crappy piece of fruit . But if you have a crappy grape , \ 
no problem – just move on to the next . ‘Grapes : The Fruit of Hope . 
Wow .... that didn't take long . At least < PROPFEMALE > won today 
Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good !!! USA , USA !!!! 
I used to play sports . Then I realized you can buy trophies . Now I’m \ 
good at everything . 
I like when good things happen to me , but I wait two weeks to tell \ 
anyone because I like to use the word ‘fortnight . 
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades . 
If you go by all the players rolling on the ground in \agony\ " you would think Soccer was the most violent sport in the world . I wonder if teams prefer the Strasberg or Stanislavski school of acting . I guess a year at Julliard is a plus for a World Cup player " 
Two horrible calls , two disallowed goals ...... I think the fix has been in from the beggining 
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL !!!!!!! HOLY CRAP !!!! I may play fake heart attack followed by naps !!!! 
They say that you can tell man apart from other animals by his ability \ 
to reason . I think you could also go by last names . What’s his name ? \ 
Patches ? Patches what ? That’s a dog . Don’t waste my time . 
Saying \I’m sorry\ " is the same as saying \ " I apologize . \ " Except at a \ 
Swimming is a confusing sport , because sometimes you do it for fun , and \ 
other times you do it to not die . And when I’m swimming , sometimes I’m \ 
not sure which one it is . I gotta go by the outfit . Pants – uh oh . \ 
Bathing suit – okay . Naked – we’ll see :-) 
An easy way to sound like a creep is to add the word \ladies\ " to the end\ 
Not sure what was a bigger shock today , Brazil losing or Fabio Capello being re-hired by England 
Argentina ...... I knew it was you ..... you broke my heart ! 
Happy 4th Everyone 
I went into a clothes store and a lady came up to me and said “if you \ 
need anything , I’m Jill” . I’ve never met anyone with a conditional \ 
identity before . 
Just now getting home from work ....... ah good times ! On the plus side I'll be back there in 11 hours 
Is it wrong to drown the cat in the pool because he is wrecking the house due to his displeasure with your recent choice of food for him ....... right now it seems perfectly reasonable but I may stand corrected . 
My friend < PROPMALE > likes cats . People are always saying “Oh , < PROPMALE > ’s really\ 
a cat person” . No he’s not . If < PROPMALE > were a cat person it’d be , like , \ 
“Hey , < PROPMALE > never goes in the pool” 
What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it's all about ???? 
Graffiti I don’t like graffiti , unless it teaches me something , you \ 
know ? Like , Oh , that’s how < PROPFIRST > feels about < PROPFIRST > . I wouldn’t have known\ 
if I had not walked by there , thank you . Graffiti’s the most \ 
passionate literature there is , you know ? It’s always like Bush \ 
sucks !, U2 Rocks !. I want to make indifferent graffiti . “Toy Story 2 \ 
was okay ! ” “I like < PROPFEMALE > as a friend” , “This is a bridge ! ” , “That guy’s right” 
Childrenwith\ 
special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not\ 
contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Post this \ 
as your status for at least an hour to help continue to raise awareness . \ 
It's special education week . A special thank you to ... all\ 
of those that teach , work , and care for children with special \ 
needs . 
Tired ... done ... 
Still tired ...... more done 
Wow .... that was almost a solid hour of sleep .... now staring at the ceiling ..... good times .... really so done 
Another day closer to being finished ! 
Flying over the Swamp , O Dome and the LC this morning was a little sad .... 
If it's St < PROPFIRST > , it must be Caps for dinner , truthfully , I'd rather be home 
So tired ..... enough spreadsheets ...... I can't take it 
I dont like when I go in a store and they call me Boss . Hey boss , \ 
can I help you , boss ? When they call me boss , I go , I got some bad \ 
news Im gonna have to let you go , but first bring me the earnings from\ 
the register for today . Ill give you severance , and give me the rest . 
Well ..... that's your ballgame folks 
Thank you to everyone for all the great birthday wishes ! 
I wonder what the word for dots looks like in Braille 
Rays are killing me ..... to quote < PROPMALE > Paxton in Aliens ... game over man ... game over ! 
Hoping Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > is not a disappointment , daddy wants a new roof 
The Boomtown Rats were never more right than were today ! 
Just when you are glad Monday is over .... along comes Tuesday . 
Cola flavored vodka ........ genius ..... and very tasty ! 
I love scotch , scotchitie scotch , scotch , here it goes down , down into my belly , mmm mmm mmm ...... 
...... I'm Courtenay < PROPFIRST > and I approve this message . 
So glad this week is over , next week has to be better 
.... Hey you dang woodchucks , quit chuckin my wood !!!!!! 
you know .... when cleaning up a Lake Michigan amount of dog barf ..... Bounty really is the quicker picker upper ! Ahh good times 
is a little worried about Grub , he is definitely got an upset stomach . I wonder what he ate this time . 
I can't believe it's only Tuesday , time flies when you're having fun 
crappy day , but in a few hours I'll be asleep and can try again tomorrow 
Riding in a Mustang listening to Led Zepplin Kashmir , feels like 1982 . Where's Uncle < PROPMALE > and that time machine ? 
...... dang , I hear kids outside , gotta figure a way to scare them off so I can keep all the < PROPFEMALE > for me !! 
Respect the potato ! 
Dear phonebook companies . We have this thing called the internet now . 
Messing\ 
with your Facebook ... Go to your profile < PROPFEMALE > and scroll all the way \ 
down to the bottom . On the bottom left corner in little blue letters , \ 
click \English\ " . When the language selection appears 
Who turned the heat off ? What's with the sub-60 degree weather ?? 
46 degrees this morning ...... brrrrr ...... also not sure why I'm up so early , feels like it should be an hour later 
Bored , boring weekend , is it wrong that I am looking forward to work tomorrow ? 
I must have been on crack when I said I was looking forward to work today ..... 
Love driving across the bay early in the morning with the water so calm and < PROPFEMALE > , you can see the dolphins swimming , it's nice . 
Cooked , put a fork in me , I'm done 
Too early for Saturday morning 
Yea .... Monday .... what could be better ???? 
Can't sleep ......... nothing new there 
So the Beatles are now on iTunes ..... looks like I'll have to buy < PROPFEMALE > Road for the fourth time 
Tired of being tired 
Peyton < PROPFIRST > is officially my favorite player in the NFL 
Serenity now !!!!! 
Serenity now ..... insanity later 
Yes , it's ridiculous that Snooki is writing a book BUT if it's a guide to turning yourself orange , it should be pretty educational 
Happy Thanksgiving to all .... especially happy day off from work ! 
Have you seen the Rolling Stones recently ??? Moss has been gathered 
Leaving work now , so glad when this week is over 
Cousins\ 
are the first friends of our lives . When you grow up , they are still \ 
your friends . Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the \ 
world !!! They may not be part of your daily life , but they are never far\ 
from our thoughts and memories ! Too many to name you all but know that I\ 
love you :) 
Hey you dang woodchucks , quit chucking my wood !!!! 
How long am I gonna stand , with my head stuck under the sand ? I'll start before I can stop , before I see things the right way up . 
Happy Festivus !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and God bless all of you , all of you on the good Earth 
Remember - no man is a failure who has friends 
Trapped in < PROPFEMALE > , cold with white stuff on the ground 
Still being held hostage by Southwest Airlines , some of the other prisoners are losing hope but I am tunneling under the fence and hope to escape by this evening ! 
Prisoner of southwest airlines day 2 , the tunnel has reached the south fence and I think I can make it before < PROPFEMALE > . Sgt Schultz almost caught me but he saw nothing ...... nooooooothing !! 
Should old acquaintance be forgot , and never brought to mind ? Should old acquaintance be forgot and auld < PROPFEMALE > syne ? 
You'll never know your friends from your enemies until the ice breaks ..... 
... I like tacos .... 
I wonder how many new tattoos and \loaner\ " cars Terrelle Pryor can get for his Sugar Bowl ring ? " 
Of all the money e'er I had , \ 
I spent it in good company . \ 
And all the harm I've ever done , \ 
Alas ! it was to none but me . \ 
And all I've done for want of wit\ 
To mem'ry now I can't recall\ 
So fill to me the parting glass\ 
Good night and joy be with you all 
I can't believe I'm saying this but Go Eagles !! Want an interesting Super Bowl for a change plus NFC East needs to represent . 
\How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > ; how you react is yours \"~ Wayne Dyer " 
Happy 01/11/11 ..... looking forward to November for some reason ......... 
Shoulder is really hurting today , must be the weather .... I would trade my built in barometer for no more pain anyday 
Could not sleep , shoulder and cat , dogs still snoozing quietly 
< PROPMALE > Gervais ....... wow , started off with a bang ! I wish he would host the Oscars 
One of my dogs just ate a $10 < PROPMALE > , should have used it to buy some rawhide , would have pacified him for more that the 1 minute the < PROPMALE > did 
Sirius app on my Android ..... very nice ! 
Way to go Packers , somewhere < PROPMALE > Lombardi is smiling ! 
Did a hurricane just hit St Petersburg that I was unaware of ? Wow , that was not a pleasant commute . Need to replace my flag pole . 
Nob Creek and gingerale is calling my name .... soon my friend .... soon 
Dreaming of a 3.5 lb lobster and some steamers 
..... you invited < PROPFIRST > ? I thought < PROPFIRST > gave you the creeps ? ....... 
Hey , everyone's eatin ' tacos outside < PROPMALE>'s office ...... 
Anyone want a cat ? I have had it 
It's only 72 right now but feels so much warmer due to the high humidity 
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink . And good luck trying to make it smoke . So , basically : You can't make horses party 
Battling a cold ...... hope I win ! 
Dear companies-that-leave-a-stack-of-free-phone-books-on-my-doorstep : I'm all set , thanks . 
Big plans for the weekend , off to Home Depot for some supplies and then time to repair one of the toilets ..... might work on the floor , depends on if there is enough time to squeeze it in . 
Gray , rainy day definitely matching my mood 
Sometimes playing catch is very similar to throwing things at a child in a backyard . 
Watched a screener of The Tourist ..... there is 2 hours of my life I'll never get back !! For every screener of the < PROPMALE>'s Speech or True Grit I see , there's a clunker like The Tourist ..... price ya pay and all 
Homemade prime rib and popovers for dinner . Mmm if cows knew how good they tasted they would eat themselves 
This whole Egypt debacle is nothing but one great pyramid scheme ! 
The < PROPMALE > Cavaliers just lost their 25th straight game last night . At the QL Arena they have now changed the scoreboard to read \Home\ " and \ " Winners \"" 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . ~ Leo Buscaglia 
So excited ..... f#%%ING remote email is not working ( at least I can't log in ) so I am driving back to work ..... yea ..... good times 
On my way home ...... the sequel 
The Grammy Awards are Sunday night and you just watch , the award for Best Original Lyrics will go to < PROPFEMALE > Aguilera 
Sometimes it means diarrhea ... as in \McDonald's - I'm loving it \"" 
So wish I could turn my mind off and sleep .... my have to resort to the medicine cabinet 
Can't sleep now and I was so tired an hour ago I thought I might fall asleep driving home from the airport 
ok , all of the sheep have been carefully counted and still not asleep .... this sucks 
I am what I eat , I am this especially when I chew my nails . 
Uh oh , < PROPMALE > Hur is on , no sleeping until the chariot race at a minimum 
Errr ..... and some flapjacks !!! Too early for flapjacks ? 
Holy crap , how stoned was < PROPFIRST > Franco last night ? 
I think the only show < PROPFIRST > Sheen hasn't been on in the last week is 2 1/2 Men ! I think the Oscars would rock next year with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Sheen co hosting , assuming Sheen lives that long 
Do these guys on Idol really stink tonight or am I just in a bad mood ...... I think both 
Winning !!! 
I'm on drugs ..... a drug called < PROPFIRST > Sheen !!!!! WINNING !!! 
Ok folks , don't you just feel better saying it ? WINNING !! 
I'm Courtenay < PROPFIRST > and the only drug I'm addicted to is Courtenay < PROPFIRST > ! I have large , grumpy house cat blood and Dionysus DNA . I'm embracing it with both arms !! Winning ? 
Contemplating meditating right now . 
Sometimes weekends actually suck 
< PROPFEMALE > Warwick is going to win Celebrity Apprentice because she has psychic friends ! 
Can't sleep , fell asleep for about an hour , now wide awake , so lame . I'm sure < PROPFIRST > is on tv somewhere or maybe it's kindle time ..... need tylenol pm 
What ever happened to pokes , with a couple exceptions , nobody pokes anymore . Are they just for special occasions or an idea whose time has passed ? 
Anyone showing up on my news feed is getting poked so be forewarned !!! POKE ! 
Sometimes one must ask ..... what's the point 
Ok , I've had enough of this tonight ...... everyone's getting poked !!! WINNING !! 
Swimming , sometimes you do it for fun or exercise and other time you do it to not die 
Airplanes are awesome if you want everything to fall asleep except your head 
When I see that a random famous person is trending on Yahoo , my reaction is always \uh oh \"" 
Great view of the Kennedy Space Center tonight , the whole place was lit up and you could see the shuttle on the pad . Bummed the space program was cancelled by the previous Congress 
Wish I was asleep right now 
< PROPFIRST > Cummings tonight , holy crap , so funny 
Happy Amateur Night ! 
Soylent Green is people !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bored ....... 
Pretty sure I have the flu , good times ! No way to crawl back in bed which is what I want to do 
What was the greatest thing BEFORE sliced bread ? My vote is Bacon . 
It's difficult to read this sentence without thinking of elephants . 
Love Field , Dallas ...... what a dump , I have now placed you ahead of Miami International as the least clean , worst smelling US airports .... never thought that would happen 
So far I have done two stupid things today , one is flying Continental .... bad plan , and the other is stopping at quizno's . Need to get my head examined LOL 
ABQ looking good when I flew over tonight , the Sandias were looking quite resplendent . Love this dry Phoenix air 
Please repost this to achieve nothing for no cause 
Leaving Scottsdale , too bad . Love Arizona . 
Jonesing for a fish taco from any place in Old Town San < PROPMALE > ! 
