has decided Wal-Mart is a total skank hole !!!! I SERIOUSLY hate that place with red hot passion ! 

can't wait till sundown in the city tomorrow !! 
can't wait to leave for the beach tomorrow morning !! 
AWWW < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > WAS AWESOME ... RIP 
just got home from the lake ! The fireworks last nite were awesome , can't wait till the party tonight !!! 
what a boring day it's been ! 
is ALREADY dreading tomorrow ! UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH it shouldn't be this way ... 
can't wait to go camping !!! 
Getting ready to take my babies to the planetarium in Kingsport . : ) 
is at Jellystone \camping\ " . This rain is keeping me in the rv watching movies and playing computer games though . : ( " 
can't believe it's already August !!! 16 more days till I'm back in Ky and at school ! 
my poor little Jaxon is not feeling good at all . 
is going to read up on cardiac and neuro , then brush-up on skills ... the semester starts in 13 days !!! 
thinks i may have became invisible over night .... hmmmm 
just went to see the orphan w/ shas . killer movie !!!!! 
wonders if anyone else has ever been so close to having everything they've wanted for yrs , only to have that little nagging thought in the back of ur head that perhaps you wanted more all along ....? 
just got through shopping for school clothes ... YAY !!! 
ughhhhhh 4 1/2 hrs till the torture begins ....... : ( 
oh boy ! ppl piss me off ! 
has had a lovely day ! : ) 
would love to move far , far away !! I'm so bored of everything within 100 < PROPMALE > of me .... 
\O ' Signore chiude na e ne rap ' < PROPFEMALE>' altra porta . \"" 
I have tons of clothes and shoes that i'm selling at really low prices . Everything is brand name and in excellent used cond only previously worn by myself . If anyone is interested msg me ( jbairdlmt@yahoo.com ) . Sizes are as follows : tops : some ... smalls , lots of mediums and a few extra smalls . Jeans : 0 , 2 , 4 and 16 in girls ( which is the same as a woman's 4 , i believe ) . Shoes : 8 
is really liking Matthews ' idea of smothered and covered at the waffle house ! 
is dreading school Monday ! It's going to be a busy , BUSY 4 months ! 
just had my first wk back to class . LOVIN IT !! Have to do my preceptorship at Middlesboro , : ( but on the bright side I got one of the sweetest , coolest ppl I've ever met as my preceptor , so it's ALL good ! : ) 
does anyone know details about the situation going on in Mooresburg right now ????? 
has a 102 fever , stressed to the < PROPMALE > , psych test tues .... 3 months 1 week 5 days to go UGHHH 
thinks my head may explode ! 
loves all that he said she said ... isn't it funny how it's actually a lot of never said ???? 
is having a FABULOUS day ! 
is on the way to school while mom takes < PROPMALE > to the Dr. I'm pretty sure it's strep . : ( 
' < PROPFEMALE > , Equality , Fraternity ' . 
is getting ready for work ... : ( I'm soooo burnt out with that place ! 
' < PROPFEMALE > , Equality , Fraternity ' 
has decided I really like fall . The colors , smells and festivals ... what a lovely time of year ! 
can't wait till Halloween !!!!!!!!! 
I start my preceptorship this week ... oh yay ... 
... I sure do know some sneaky , underhanded , BACKSTABBERS ... oh well , what goes around comes around 
just got home from a meeting at work , now for more studying ! 
Don't you guys just love how EVERYTHING goes wrong at once ! UGHHH 
is seriously not wanting to go to Middlesboro to precept today !!!! 
is Switzerland ! Peace , love & < PROPFEMALE > people !!!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! So far it's been a wonderful day ! 
feels SO bad ! Strep sux ! 
The cardiac test last night SUCKED , I'm VERY thankful I passed it and super glad its over !!! 
I'd really like to encourage everyone that can to participate in the angel tree or operation shoebox this Christmas season . Also , most of us are very fortunate and able to give our kids more than they need , please take some time and go through their toy box and clothes to find things they've outgrown or no longer play with and make donations to the orphanages or community outreach programs ! 
Did awesome on my neuro test ... thank God !!!!!!!! 
has to work tonight ! You would think after so much time away from a place you would be renewed and ready to give it another try .... yeah , not so much for me . Counting down another month and a fresh start ELSEWHERE !!!! :-) 
well .... round 3 , everyone is sick yet again ! 
just took my last test ... renal and comp . of pregnancy .... freakin HARD !!! Totally underestimated that test , at least it's over , only a final left !!!! WOOOOOOHOOOOOOO 
.... well here it is Friday and I've still not found the time to study for this stupid final ! You'd think knowing I could miss over half the questions and still pass would make me feel better , but it DON'T , it makes me MORE nervous !! By the way girls ... when is picture day the 1st or 2nd ?? 
can't wait till this week is OVER !!! 
taking Jaxon back to the dr this afternoon , poor baby . 
has lost 10lbs in the lst wk and 1/2 !! YAY ! 
is trying to study for this final , but my mind would much rather think about EVERYTHING else ! 
is a nurse !!!!! WOOOOHOOOOO !!!!!!! 
hopes this week isn't as busy as last week was ! Time to enjoy the holiday ! 
' s diet has been a smashing success the past week . Treadmill & yoga EVERY night , only water , fresh fruits and veggies ...... THEN someone brought cake home !!!! UGHH 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my dear friends !!! 
just got home from watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . So cute , LOVED it !!!! 
it's been 7 months since I last felt the need to get in my tanning bed !! YAY for me and hopefully my wrinkle-free , growing graceful with age skin ! :-) 
BORED BORED BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!! PEACE , LOVE & PROSPERITY WISHES TO ALL FOR 2010 !!!!! 
Happy New Year !!!! 2011 
hot pink 
\Hitch your wagon to a star . \ " -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
just went to see ' The Lovely Bones ' with < PROPFEMALE > . It was wonderful ! I've loved the book ever since I read it in 7th grade and the movie was just as good ! 
sometimes in this world you just have to decide to give ppl a break ... :-) 
\ ... oooK ... and just remeber if you're not telling the truth God hears you ... \ " says < PROPFEMALE > " 
WOOHOO BLACK & GOLD SUPERBOWL !!!! ... SOOO over Farve !!! 
is studying for the NCLEX , my brain is fried !!!!!! 
It's Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like ... mine is < PROPFEMALE > Bunchen 
Superbowl nite ! WHO DAT !!!!!!!!!!! 
Let's go Saints ! WHO DAT !!!!!!!! 
WHO DAT !!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOOO 
Wishes everyone a blessed Ash Wednesday . Remember , O man , that you are dust , and unto dust you shall return . —Genesis 3:19 
is one happy girl today !!!! Would love to call a certain org and tell em where to stick it , but I've learned it's best not to burn your bridges ..... 
is getting ready to do some yoga ! 
woke up with a horrible stomach virus ... BLAAAH 
is in a FABULOUS mood today ! 
really Washington WTH ??? I'm ashamed to be part of a country ran by such sell outs ! 
219 to 212 ... Really ? I'm so completely pissed off right now that I don't even have the words to express it , which is probably a good thing cause I'm sure it would be very offensive . Well , time to set my two year plan in motion ... work awhile then move to the Caribbean and let these f-tards continue to run < PROPFEMALE > in to the ground . 
has been a bad girl today ... I cheated on my diet , but it was oh so good ! 
hopes everyone had a refreshing Earth Hour ! 
is super glad I kicked the tanning bed habit a yr ago , even though I own one I'm sure I would still be paying some sort of tax for it .... maybe this one way of funding that fabulous healthcare reform .... 
Humanity : Every human personality is uniquely created , possesses dignity , and is worthy of respect and Christian love . 
red wine and ambien , your talkin .... again . 
wonders how one ends up with a bruise the size of their fist , but no idea how it got there ??? 
\I'm going to cut my head off ... with gardening sticks !!! \"" 
sometimes you just have to laugh .... to keep from ripping someone's head off !!!! 
\Of what does not concern you say nothing good or bad . \"" 
Don't ya just love when you're in the middle of a conversation and you think to yourself , man I sound like such an idiot right now .... and yet u keep on talkin .... 
Nightmare on Elm St was super awesome ! Now having stuffed French toast with < PROPFEMALE > . Yum yum 
loves listening to the rain ... 
I just entered Refine MediSpa's $50 a day for 50 days Give-Away ! Become a fan & you can enter too ! \ " , 201 0-0 5-05 15:49:16 " 
I just entered Refine MediSpa's $50 a day for 50 days Give-Away ! Become a fan & you can enter too ! 
wishes all my fellow nurses Happy Nurse's Day !!! 
is just like a love sick crackhead ;) 
Happy Mother's Day to all of my wonderful friends !! 
ok so when u link all that crap to your info < PROPFEMALE > ... how do u reverse that ???? Anyone plz ? 
is SOOO glad school will be over in 2 more wks . Been super unhappy w/ Chey's teacher this year ... BLAH !! Next yr it's def going to be private school !!! 
wonders what she's got herself into .... 
I have so much on my mind right now ! So many choices to be made all at once it seems like ... I'd really give anything to have that earth-shaking clarity hit me . I hope I do the right thing !!! 
\Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your GOAL . \ " ( H . Ford ) " 
MY FB IS A DRAMA FREE ZONE !!!!!!!!! 
So I'm curious ... y is it that some couples can't let one another out of their sight ??? I mean REALLY ??? U have to ask permission to go out with a friend even to dinner ??? Someone plz enlighten me ... WTH ??? 
really likes this whole going to bed before midnight thing ! 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
I have a vision and plan and God help who ever gets in my way . I only get one shot at this life and from here on out I'm going to do what makes ME happy !!! 
only 2 1/2 hrs left @ work ! What a looong night ! 
3rd night of work ... hope its better than last night !! 
is fairly sure I will never understand ppl , but ya know what that's ok cause most are just plain crazy anyways ! 
... well I did it ... turned in my notice to the hospital . I'm actually kinda sad ! It's been a pretty good 4 1/2 yrs , but now on to bigger better things ( w/ WAY better pay ! ) !! 
feels like crap and over ppl's childish behavior .... grrrrr I think that nap just made me cranky !!! 
is so beyond ready to move to the beach ! 
i love my hunny < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is at the beach with my hunny < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is setting on the beach at Isle of Palms ahhhh :-) 
is trying to figure out the next step .... hmmmm 
is in one heck of a mood ... UGHHHH . 
is really tired of two-faced liars ! makes me even more thankful for all of the true friends i have !! 
is taking french this semester . should be interesting considering i can barely speak english ! ;} 
what an awesome day ! Started out good then just got better !!! YAY 
wonders why everything always has to be so confusing ... just wish I could cut all my ties and start completely fresh ... 
I'm sure most of you guys are familiar with the thirty-one products . My mom is taking up an order if anyone has something they would like to purchase . Personalization this month is just $1 so it's a great time to order ! Send me a msg if interested or email my mom at debbaird76@yahoo.com Thanks 
is praying hard for God to reveal his plan for me !!! 
Life is one big road with lots of signs . So when you riding through the ruts , don't complicate your mind . Flee from hate , mischief and jealousy . Don't bury your thoughts , put your vision to reality . Wake Up and Live ! ----- < PROPMALE > Marley 
if you can't beat them ... annoy them ! 
is so mad ! I don't know whether to curse or cry !!! 
Everything works out in the end . If it hasn't worked out , it's not the end ... Never regret your past , only regret if you don't learn from it ! 
Does anyone have a TI-83 or 84 that I could borrow until Dec .??? < PROPMALE > ! 
\Great minds discuss ideas ; Average minds discuss events ; Small minds discuss people . \ " - What's your conversation ? " 
DUDE ! Why r ppl such liars ???? 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I've had a wonderful day ! Peace & love to all . 
what a lovely evening ! pshhh 
I can't stand to see ppl made fun of for the way they look or because they can't have as much as others !!! :-( If u are old enough to know right from wrong and u still make fun of ppl YOU SUCK !!!!! 
Excited !!! < PROPFIRST > and I have found a 3 BR 3 bath condo on Folly Beach that we can actually afford !!! 
Its couples week !!! Post the date you got together ...... May 22nd , 2006 
Has anyone ever tried Larenim make-up ? I can't decide between this and my usual , < PROPMALE > ! Suggestions ??? 
I finally got my new phone , but I lost all my contacts ! Send me a msg with ur # or text me , my # is the same . < PROPMALE > 
... not excited about tonight ! The grass isn't always greener on the other side ... 
is SO beyond fed up with ppl ! I am just going to become a hermit and do my own thing and if u don't like it then it's as simple as this ... I DON'T NEED U ! It boils down to one thing ... U CAN'T TRUST ANYONE ... FAMILY INCLUDED !! 
Isn't it amazing how 1 thing can make or break ya ?????? 
is STRESSED OUT !!! The past 2 wks have shown me what I DON'T want ... Now what to do ??????????? 
< PROPFEMALE > is selling girl scout cookies if anyone would like to order some let me know . 423-523-2709 or just send me a msg . Have to turn orders in Monday !! Thanks 
my 2 1/2 yr old just says to me ... \HUSH ! DUDE ! \ " ha ha ha " 
WOW ! People are PSYCHO & that's all I have to say about that !!! HA HA HA 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day < PROPFIRST > . You have my heart forever & always ! 
SOOOO glad I got busy call tonight ! I have a terrible head cold 
Apple 
??? • ?? PeAcE ? & LoVe ??? • ?? 
would like to know where the hell teachers are ???? Do they really not see bullying going on or flat out ignore it ? Between my mom and I , we've to my daughter's school 3 or 4 times just this yr over 1 little girl that picks on < PROPFEMALE > ... today she comes home with marks all over her nose and was kicked ... I guess it's time to go to the school board !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UGHHHH I AM FURIOUS ! 
\ St. < PROPFIRST > -- one of the few saints whose feast day presents the opportunity to get determinedly whacked and make a fool of oneself all under the guise of acting Irish . \ " HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY !!! " 
