Fringe is almost on !!! 

Was at the hospital last night :) it was really cool . Watched the CRNA do his thing and the RNs as well . Going again tonight from 7pm - 3am Going to see some deliveries tonight . 
If you want to see more of her pictures than go on her website . \ 
orbitgal.com 
lol starting to see why all the married woman say dont do it !!!! ahahahaha boys have their period week too 
k no problem :) Where are you going ? 
Seems like all good things come to an end . People can be so perfect and just out of nowhere change everything that was so great . Leaves you wondering WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED ... and why was I so blind not to see it coming . 
Just back from camping .. glad to be home in my own bed .. way comforting 
For once im exctited to wait in those long ass lines registration day .. cant wait to see my friends !!! 
Mom took my sister and I shopping yesterday . Got lots of cute clothes for the new year . It was so much fun and took my mind off things . 
I'm so hungry and moms cooking chili ... uggghhhh smells good . 
watched step up yesterday with my old friend Bobby .. haven't seen him in forever . :) cool movie lots of dancing and great music . 
LOL dancing at home by myself .. how sad ... ;) 
Im soooo freakin tired .. no sleep last night .. anyone wanna tlk ? 
bummed 
lol \Just Fine\ " < PROPFIRST > J . Blige " 
i havent heard it in so long !!! 
lol u all b laughing if u see me now lol hhahahahhahaha .. 
and this is why im a bando biggest escape ever 
\tell me when to go\ " lol i love my tv hahahaha awesome music !!! " 
lol im such a bad cook ;) lol im hungry though so it will have to do .. miss my mom lol .. no good food for 4 days 
lol im talking to myself pratically .. 21 of my friends on but no one to talk to .. :( oh well 
\how far we've come\ " matchbox twenty " 
stupid dog .. time to walk again .. too dang hyper 
Ortho apt today . Braces coming off in like November . Maybe even sooner because they look almost done . Find out soon :D YAYY LOL .. 
Hate how people do one thing and say another . I swear can't you just decide ?? Confused child ;) Gonna sit back now and laugh at the silly things soon to come .... 
Expecting a great year . Lots of work , but going to be way interesting and fun . 
Going to LA tonight !!! Taking more pics lol . 
The Script- Breakeven ( Falling to pieces ) 
got to love the bieber when usher is involved lol ;) 
Gosh Usher is like total EYE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! :O Can't help but stare lol 
Mom and dad coming back !!!!! Now I don't have to be alone with < PROPMALE > :) 
Band Camp Tomorrow !!!!!!! Yaaaayyyyyyy 
so < PROPMALE > year i wanna meet new friends and < PROPFEMALE > out with my old ones ... but i also need to be studying a lot . need to get straight a's all year . anyone wanna come to my house after class and study .. do hw .. i hate doing it alone gets too boring .. 
Don't you just love how you can eat anything and work out for 20 minutes and have your body look even better ?? 
Change .... a word that can be good and bad . 
Gonna go practice trumpet after I change into different clothes . Bye love you all 
Kidswithspecial needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . 
Trying to look for an old friend :( Can't seem to find him anywhere 
Anyone know an < PROPFIRST > Barajas ? I swear i've looked everywhere for him . I doubt you guys do , but its worth a try . 
\A beautiful flower begins its life in the dirt . \ " - Author Unknown " 
Time for bed .. see my bandos tomorrow :D hope we go get tacos or something for lunch ... mmuuaahhhhh nighty night everyone 
wowza my lips hurt .. very tired .. im learing how to play trumpet this year 
Was it just me or was marching for the opener really simple .. it just seemed like follow the leader .. i mean what the heck ? 
Fun day at camp ;) Really cool freshmen this year 
Man Fantasia can sing her butt off !! Mom told me to look up song by her and I found one I really like . 
Wow we got popsicles by Whatley today . That's a first . Really cool of him . Been a great week guys I feel like we going to be a kickass band !! Lol at least people will get to see something good at fb games .. lol jk jk you guys know we love you 
I just hate it when you come on here to talk to someone and he's not even online lol . Its like dang it maybe next time lol . 
omg im so bored lol added bunch of likes hahahaha 
man its getting late lol 
hahaha funny seeing a boy on then logg off and the sis is on .. hehehe obvious she kicked his butt off lolz 
Just call me Bri .. shorter , cutier , and less serious 
whhooaaa my hands just got really cold !!!! 
People are just so immature .. hate it when they think its all about them . Has to get involved and make a scene .. 
AAAHHH Sundays (: sooo relaxing 
Goodnight Facebook 
did you guys know that if you feed your dog grapes or raisins they wil die :O ... 
Going to mall !!!!! 
For some reason the movie Jumanji came into my mind , anyone seen it ? 
:O just found out theres a girl with my name who sings country music and one is my fav song what the hell ? 
hehehehehe jux plucked sis eyebrows lol soooo funny hearing her say owww .. oowwww lol hahahaha im evil 
you know you are short when you go to register your sis in middle school and there are eleven year olds taller than you :( 
weird how all my ha classes were really small .. they need to even it out .. 
Back from Big Bear !!!! 
eeewwwww i gotta do hw 
man talking to three people at once can get confusing lol ... 
lol funny seeing your almost 86 year old grandma drinking beer hahaha 
just ate my sisters strawberry cheesecake !!! it was great 
Well the end of the day was good 
Big brother came today ;) so glad to see him 
hahaha \Im gonna run his @$$ over when I see him\ " lol i love my mom " 
Lost to < PROPFEMALE > last night how sad :( but at least the band was good :) First performance this year .. had lots of fun with the bandos 
So I joined the GSA club and got convinced to do Glee club as well .. this is going to be a very interesting year .. 
Yes pizza tonight :) ... 
man i havent been on here in forever .. hi there friends :) 
hhmmm chocolate milkshakes bring happiness 
you know when you are a band geek when your caught carrying around a huge case around school because you actually practice 
\You sound like an ice-cream truck driving off of a cliff ... \ " \ 
the most annoying thing i hear is when two people say their in love .. but what has it been two weeks ?? hahaha people are so dumb and blinded at this age .. 
wow im tired chocwalk ws fun though .. dont forget HA dress for success is tomorrow .. and newspapers due 
are any of my band friends going to the away game friday ?? 
missing him :( 
tick faster stupid clock 
ahhh the beginning of something great 
ggrrr gotta study for science and geometry tonight .. plus hw :( 
wow home game next friday .. then saturday is band comp and homecoming dance !! no rest betweeen too :O haha be tired 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE !!!! 
i got a great dress for homecoming yaayyyy < PROPMALE > Pennys rule guys got a whole selection of dresses in red black and white 
there should be a dislike button for fb 
wow the dance was < PROPFEMALE > much fun last night !!!! 
at grandmas :D \\n 
FOUR DAY WEEKEND !!! 
haha getting bored and taking those quizzes 
hmm i wonder what would happen if i add someone with the same name as me .. i mean how could they say no to their own name haha 
marching band over .. now i can focus on my classes .. andd yaayy concert band :) 
yes tomorrow my favorite holiday !!!! 
got a very spolied puppy .. mom is actually making him home made dog food . lol but we all love Deuce 
haha carls last nite :D 
INBOX ONLY !! 2010 is almost over , confess one thing you've always wanted to tell me , put this ad your status and see what you get !! (: 
< PROPFEMALE > proud of my baby !!!!! :) 
lots to do before break begins :/ 
hugs and kisses to all my bandos !!! 
the greatest thing just happened to me and im still crying because of it .. i just found my long lost sister .. no joke .. hope i get a response from her soon .. 
im really hating the rain :/ gonna watch a movie 
grrr boys can be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. you know what i mean >:[ !!!! 
grrr i wanna go outside and play on the swings haha 
:( can't watch my baby wrestle today * tear tear * doing hecka good though ;) wayy to goo handsome 
because im bored\ 
\ 
type your name : < PROPFEMALE > Thomas\ 
type your name with your elbow : bvgriuazn na thoimasa\ 
type your name with your nose : g4imqahhqqqqq thomas\ 
type your name with your eyes closed : bruuabnna thomas\ 
hahaha wowzza 
so i am going to have a white christmas after all :) sweet !!! 
<3 ill stop the world and melt with you :) i want chocolate now haha and yaayy < PROPFEMALE > up in the mountains but still snow :D 
Wishing everyone a awesome Christmas with family and friends . 
Sweet got a trampoline !!! Wife ... daughter(aka < PROPFEMALE > and josy ) gots to come over now . =) 
yaayy internet back \whoop whoop \"" 
well today sucked !!!!! i just wanted to sleep and the teachers were hecka boring .. i wish i stayed home 
yaayyy :D braces coming off friday . cant wait for a snickers bar and haha < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats 
free and single .. hello new year !! :) 
peanut butter and green apples yumm :D 
mall after school all you ladies are free to come :D gonna be lots of fun messing with dudes ;) 
omg i have pink highlights !!! trying to wash out so far ive done it 8 times ... stupid haha once its out im jux gonna dye it more blonde .. 
hahaha < PROPMALE > stopped the donut drive-thru :D lmao 
omg i had the funniest dream last night !! lol i was kissing < PROPMALE > Potter hahahaha .. sooo random 
i think i copied down the wrong < PROPFEMALE > for geo hw .. anyone in my zero have it :/ 
lol im gonna give you a big hug .. wont know what hit you <3 love you always 
Please copy and paste this into your status IF ... you know someone , or have been affected by someone , WHO NEEDS A PUNCH IN THE FACE . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this ...... Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face ..... 
grr trying to do tht poem but my person doesnt even have her bday on here .. i know nothing bout her .. oh well guess its time to bs 
went shopping with mom and sis today .. haha it was hilarious .. \gggrrrrrrrr\ " at little asian girl lol she was < PROPFEMALE > scared < PROPFEMALE > funny ;) " 
i feel like a murder .. stupid english ... this poem thing is sad :( 
you know life is good when your lil bro gets up and gets you a smoothie ;) 
today was a good day overall :) tomorrows hump day 
hhmmm sadies ??? sounds like fun X ) jux gotta ask the dude 
out of all the singers she gave us Howlin Wolf is the best 
< PROPFEMALE > i walk by a couple and the dude hits his gf >:[ made me really mad .. then after school i see this tall dude give his lil gf a piggy back ride ;) made me realize i shouldnt hate all guys for not all are like tht 
me and Josy been thinking ... how many guys are gonna be left in the band next yr ? maybe 10 ? 
my question is why am i going to keep my promise when its been long over .. is it still breaking one if the relationship between two is gone ? 
gosh i need to get my permit soon .. 
yaayyy basketball team !!! us bandos loved watching you ... win win win 
ONE MORE WEEK UNTIL THE FUN BEGINS ( by using caps i mean this with heavy sarcasm haha ) 
yaayy no school monday !! 
hahaha mom sis and i screaming \baby your a firework\ " at grocery store .... good times " 
<3 good day 
yaayy nate jux placed first at finals !!! whoop whoop . good job boys 
finding your old best friend .... best feeling had in who knows how long 
hating school .. 
:( such a confused child 
:( not going to the pep rally 2morrow .. ortho apt . :( 
they are off !!! popcorn time :D 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !!!! I love every single one of you that reads this . xoxoxoxoxo 
omg .. my bro < PROPMALE > jux showed me how to dougie 
missing band :( wish i had 6th .. stupid rop 
new phone :) but cant text no one till parents get back :/ 
i live in a world where your moms personal ringtone for you is the oompa loompa song lol . shes mean . 
so a door slams you in the face .. its ok another one has already been opened for you . 
personally id rather listen to bieber than < PROPFIRST > swift lol ;) 
people can be so annoying ... geez they need to get a clue 
today was interesting hahaha 
freakin rop hw 
:) <3 <3 <3 
good weekend :) happy for my uncle who is now married 
i miss you :( 
thanks grandma for the boots hahaha you have awesome style !!! but my sneakers feel < PROPFEMALE > much better hahaha .. 
and omg Yesssenia !!! haha love of my life who cooks me great food after class hehehe me and Josy walk you and we get fed SWEEETTT !!! haha muaahh 
dont you just love it when people listen to the rumors instead of flat out asking the person :D I think it is just the smartest thing us teenagers do these days !!! hahaha 
i love how he listens to the same music i do <3 
ugghh sick of home drama .. it sux being the oldest :P 
:/ hectic night with mom . 
ummm a lot of you have been saying im ignoring you cuz i dont respond to ur texts .... i dont have texting right now lol so sorry :P 
aawwww the old people at the hospital are sooo adorable :) kinda makes the gross stuff worth it when they are all smiles :D 
All of us have thousands of wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
rough month 
im back home .......... from Japan 0 . o hahaha 
soooo ill be getting home schooled for the rest of this year apparently 
my new < PROPMALE > :) hahaha hes < PROPFEMALE > random 
prom was amazing !!! had fun dancing with my two dates ;) 
