We had my granddaughter this weekend . Too much fun ! 

My neighbors dog is missing . He is a black Scottish Terrier and his name is < PROPMALE > . He is very friendly . If anyone sees him or finds him please call 740-624-5576 . Thank you ! 
My neighbors Scottish Terrier was recovered last night , anyone who kept an eye out for him , Thank you . 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : \ 
one Nation under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . \ 
REPOST If YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's \ 
see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost . ? ? ? GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS FOR \ 
... DEFENDING IT 
Hairtie , Sunglasses , Camera RIP 
Daughters will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a \ 
lifetime ... ITS DAUGHTERS WEEK : SO IF YOU ARE AS BLESSED AS I AM with \ 
a wonderful daughter that makes your life worth living by being around \ 
her ... copy and paste to your wall .. 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , you get what you deserve , I love it !!! 
If you have a mom\ 
who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you\ 
succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! I love my mom . ? put this on your status if you love your mom ! 
Work , work , work !!! I miss everyone ! 
Hi everyone ! miss ya , been workin ' , but this weekend is all about me so I'll be out tonite , hope to see my friends . On a private note whoever is reading my posts and thinks its all about them , its not , sorry ( not really ) , that part of my life is so over , if you want to hurt me lets do it and be done . Dont usually post personal stuff , sorry guys , Im just tired of the BS . 
Miss everyone , still working my a_ _ off . Gonna try to be out tonight , no promises didn't make it last weekend . Love ya ' all ! Have a nice weekend ! 
If you want a committed man , look in a mental hospital 
At 1:40 today my Aunt Flosie passed away . I was truly blessed to have her influence in my life , she was a beautiful lady . Tears fall and hearts ache . God be with all of us that she left behind . She will be missed dearly . She often said in times of trouble \ This too shall pass\ " and I suppose it shall . " 
Woke up cryin ' Goin ' to bed cryin ' , What a day !!! Out of town again this week , be back Friday . Everyone have a great week !!! :) 
Up at 6:00 , getting ready to workout , run errands . Finally the weekend , woo hoo !! :) Hope everyone has a great weekend , Love ya'all!!:) 
Job Interview in Delaware , more money , more benefits , more hometime , more is better ! Wish me Luck !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Atwood ATTENTION ....... To all parents whose children have a profile on facebook . There is a man trying to get in contact with children to talk about sex . His name is Thierry Mairot . Please copy and paste this onto your wall and warn all ur friends ! Please everyone Moms and Dads repost and get him off of Facebook . 
My hour cardio went from 1 hour walking to 1/2 hour walk , 1/2 hour run , sweating my ass off , next week 1 hour run ......, just healing the heart , LOL , taking a short break gonna finish working out , shower , sleep . Nite all :) 
Worked late , short workout , work tomorrow , I'm ready for a vacation !!! Guess I'll settle for a shower and nap for now . Nite all !!! ;) 
Okay , my day off and I'm up at 4 am yeah !!! Watching the sun rise , working out , spending time with my daughter , and I should be cleaning the rest of the day , but we'll see what happens on that one . I'm thinking a ride would be more fun ....... ride ? clean ? ride ? clean ? hmmm . Anyways everyone have a good Sunday !!! ;) 
Watch your thoughts , for they become words . Watch your words , for they become actions . Watch your actions , for they become habits . Watch your habits , for they become character . Watch your character , for it becomes your destiny . -- Anonymous 
Love is patient , love is kind , it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud , it is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no records of wrongs , love does not delight in evil but rejoices in the truth it always protects , trust , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . Corinthians I 
Only an AUNT can love like a Mommy , keep secrets like a Sister and Love like a friend ! If you're an Aunt that LOVES your Niece ~ 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed meds . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first !!! 1% will repost and the 99% of people ... on ... Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you 
CHANGE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE to a Cartoon OR Cartoon Character from your Childhood to join the fight against Child Abuse . The goal ??? Not to see a human face on Facebook til Monday , December 6th . Join the Fight ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same !!! 
Had to take Apatche ' ( my puppy ) to the vet . I can't get him until tomorrow night . I'm lost . Funny , but sad ....... :( 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what I want . I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts . 
My last post was a re-post from < PROPFEMALE > Eyman Ramey . I pray for this every night so I have no problem re-posting it . God Bless Please ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! Love ya ' all ! Guest bartending at Rowboats tomorrow from 5 til ??. Come see me : * 
Remember , this Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back ... and for those still serving in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost this as your status to show your respect 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
i didn't change for u -- i changed for me ... if u can't handle me at my worst -- u sure as hell can't handle me at my best ... i'm me n that's all that matters !! Ok I quit smoking ... so if this sounds mean it's because I am mean right now Lol . Good thing I'm still single and run everybody run !!! 
Okay anyone that is on here and has my phone# ... can ya call it ? I just lost my phone and I heard a text message come through , but I can't find it ... Thank you : * 
Thank you Lucky !!! I found my phone ,,,,, Thanks Tereasa :D 
I'm not supersuperstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck- it cant hurt\ 
;) 
Kids with SPECIAL NEEDS aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants TO BE ACCEPTED . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . A Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out !! p ...... lz repost this to your status to ...... let your Facebook friends know 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status .... I'll be watching to see who really does che ... rish family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life\ 
See < PROPFIRST > . 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT********STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW ! PLEASE !! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the National News 28\ 
.. That is Michigan , not NY 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tuscon , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kills people , then pencils misspell words ; and cars drive drunk . REMEMBER : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not just the means they chose to utilize in carrying out their actions !!! Replayed from another friends status . Don't just like it ~ ~ Repost it 
< PROPFEMALE > and Sprite 
Meeting good friends out tonight ... been awhile ... watch out Thornport ... Lol 
How do I block someone ? 
In South < PROPFEMALE > Bear Baiting is still a legal sport . If any one is not familiar with this , they tie a bear to a post so it can't move and they let a couple dogs attack it . Picture that .... Does it bring tears to your eyes ? Are we that barbaric of a society that we would allow that to happen ? Anyways if you go to the Animal Rescue site you can sign a petition to make this illegal . 
My computers been on the blink for a couple days ... so if I missed anything , I'm sorry . It's still not working right arrrrrrrrrgh !!! Anyways , going out to see some friends tonight . Everyone have a great evening !!! :) 
If you can read this thank a teacher . If you can read this in English thank a soldier . If you cant read this in English ... leave the USA 
My needs are few , but wishes are plenty . 
Laid off again this week :( ... What kind of trouble can I get into ??? :) 
If a man speaks in the < PROPMALE > and his wife is not there to hear him , is he still wrong ? 
HACKER ALERT !!!!! THERE IS A NEW WAY TO HACK YOUR FACEBOOK .. A NOTIFICATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU THAT ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS HAS COMMENTED ON YOUR STATUS . IT WILL OPEN A NEW < PROPFEMALE > AND TELL YOU TO RE-ENTER YOUR FACEBOOK USER NAME AND PASSWORD . CAUTION !!! THIS < PROPFEMALE > LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK LOGIN < PROPFEMALE > .. SO BE ON THE LOOKOUT !!! PLEASE REPOST THIS TO YOUR STATUS TO LET YOUR FB FAMILY KNOW 
It's almost < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Copy this to your status and see what you get . \ 
Green : I Like You . \ 
Silver : I Miss You . \ 
Pink : Be My < PROPFIRST > . \ 
Teal : I Think You're Beautiful . \ 
Yellow : I Want To Kiss You . \ 
Red : I Love You . \ 
Purple : Let's Chill . \ 
Gold : I Used To Like You . \ 
Black : I Think You're Cute . 
To ALL My FB Friends : May the sun shine all day long , everything go right and nothing wrong . May those you love bring love back to you , and may all the wishes you wish come true ! Good Night All ... Sweet Dreams 
If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ! 
? If you have an amazing DAUGHTER put this as your status 
Prayer chain needed : a FB friends daughter Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her 2yr old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows . Please post this for 1 hour and say a prayer for that baby 
Your car is < PROPMALE > . Your vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your legal code is French . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > Arabic , your letters Latin . & you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Copy if you're against racism 
Parents think about their children day and night , even when they're grown . Parents love their children in a way they will not understand until they have their own . Parents will be there for their children when no one else is . Parents would take a bullet , stand in front of a train , and ask God to take them instead of their child . If u have children that u love as much as I love mine , post this as your status . 
My prayer for all my FB friends tonight ... a repost from Tracy ... The best thing you can do is find the person who loves you for exactly who you are . They love the best of you and they adore you at your worst ... If you're not good enough for them on your bad days they don't deserve you on your good days ! \ 
Goodnight All !!! :) 
My condolences to the Shaw Family . < PROPFEMALE > Shaw passed away today at 12:00 . My heart and prayers are with you . 
Sweet Red Wine ... Good for the Heart :) 
Computer broke down Saturday , took it to the shop ... Truck broke down today , had it towed to the shop .... Single and independant is kicking my butt ... Lol :( 
Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came from a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal . Under the arm to be protected and next to the heart to be loved ..... AMEN !!! COPY AND PASTE IF YOU AGREE .... 
Looks like no work the rest of the week .... Arrrrrgh !!!... at least tomorrow will be nice ... hmmmm ... what to do ? what to do ? 
Have a friend that needs new tanks painted for his Harley ... if you know anyone let me know .... Thanks :) 
Party Time !!! I have my granddaughter ... we went ridin ' earlier ( she has a 3 wheeler ) , pizza and cookies for supper , going back outside to play . Ice cream , popcorn , and Spongebob later !!! Whoop ... whoop :D 
My wife likes to talk while having sex . Why just last week she called me three times . < PROPMALE > Dangerfield ... LOL ... love it ... repost from one of my friends :) 
< PROPMALE > and I went to a gun auction and he bought baby dolls . No guns ... just a shitload of BABYDOLLS LMAO 
Make this your status to remind all of your family/friends that it is motorcycle season , and taking a few extra seconds to take a second look will save lives of our loved ones . Give them their fair share of the roadway ! PLEASE REPOST , EVEN IF YOU AREN'T A RIDER - IF YOU KNOW SOMEONE THAT IS ! 
FACEBOOK has 3 new VIRUSES !!!!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 --- a message from your friends via chat saying click this link .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! These are BAD ones and will crash your computer RE POST AND TELL EVERYBODY 
An elderly man is stopped by the police around 1 a . m . and is asked where he is going at this time of night . \ 
The man replies , “I am going to a lecture about alcohol abuse and the effects it has on the human body” . \ 
The officer then asks , “Really ? Who is giving that lecture at this time of night ? ”\ 
The man replies , “My wife . ” 
Just got back from Chucky Cheeses . Fun , fun , fun !!! Pictures to come soon . 
If someone named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tries to add you , do not add them . It's a VIRUS . ? 
Keep this going ... Heavenly Father , walk through my house , take away all my families worries , any illnesses and relieve the stress and dry the tears . Please watch over and heal my family , & comfort my friends in Jesus name , Amen . This prayer is so powerful . Stop what your doing and set this to your status , and watch what He will do . \ 
Repost ..... couldn't hurt . He's already blessed me :) 
