So who wants to chill today ? 

Bowled like crap at State , preparing a speech to give at the academic awards night , tired . I really could use a break , just one day would be nice . It will have to wait , darn AP test . 
I've been reading some of my really old blogs , man was I a depressed little kid . 
BAND PRACTICE !!!!! 
I love the new song the worship team got 
I think I'm addicted to facebook ... \ 
Any one want to be in a movie ? Filming starts in August ! \ 
Contact me for details 
I hope Mr. Fisher has us doing something interesting in Bio today ... what's that ? This isn't an alternate reality ? Hopes crushed . 
Quick , go to jaystab.deviantart.com! 
< PROPMALE > Green is smarter than I am ... and it makes me ANGRY !!! 
Quick , go to jaystab.deviantart.com!\ 
< PROPMALE > leave my < PROPFEMALE > alone !!!! 
AGHHH ! Why are my personalities warring against each other ??? \ 
This really is ME !!! 
Darn it < PROPMALE > ! Stop it ! 
My name is not < PROPMALE > ! It's < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Please ignore all those posts , they were by my arch-nemesis < PROPMALE > Green 
I really wish there were more pics of me . I'm going to make sure I take a camera everywhere from now on because I need pictures of all the sweet stuff I do 
I am the dread pirate Roberts ! There will be no survivors ! \ 
Many are here , I am here . But soon , you will not be here . \ 
The dread pirate Roberts takes no survivors ! All your worst nightmares are about to come true ! The dread pirate Roberts is here for your souls ! 
SO HUNGRY ! And up early . I could eat breakfast I guess ... Ugh long week . Academic Awards last night , APWH practice test and blood drive Today , Bowling and Filming tomorrow , Filming Sunday , Band Concert Monday , Athletic Award Tuesday , The Rep show Wednesday , APWH Test Thursday , and I believe the Honors Showcase is Friday . 
About to take the ap world practice test , wish me a 5 worthy job 
I wanna find out what I got on that \ 
AP World History Final !! 
I think < PROPMALE > Nash is actually Superman 
And boom goes the dynamite 
I can't believe that concert lasted for 2 and a half hours . Way too long 
I know what you are thinking , the same thing everyone else is thinking . The truth is that I don't care . People don't understand it but that is just the way it is , sometimes I just don't care . 
Heard the most powerful testimony ever tonight ! 
You should all go watch my crews videos . Seriously . 
Come on you guys , it's only two in the morning , why isn't any one on ? I am so bored 
Did I mention http://www.youtube.com/user/OneWheeldProduction\ 
? 
Desperate Housewives Season Finale ! 
I am so bored . Man school needs to be over . Seriously 
So . Much . English . I hate that class . To the procrastinatemobile ! 
Hunger . Better eat before school ... English today blegh . 
< PROPMALE > Cruise is a Lakers fan , just saying ... 
< PROPMALE > enjoys long walks on the beach and your momma jokes 
Sometimes I cry a little when I realize how few people get the honor of meeting me . 
Oh and yes the rumors are true . I am awesome 
Party . My favorite verb/noun 
So I partied a little too much last night . Oh well , it was fun . 
So , who wants to win the < PROPMALE > to party with < PROPMALE > ? 
Im going to go play Assassins Creed 2 because that game pwns 
And boom goes the dynomite . suns win it booh ya 
So I officially have some of the worst party luck . Totally got pegged in the croth with a water balloon , punched in the croth by Jaki getting in to the car , stung in the foot by a < PROPFEMALE > , ripped open a quarter sized blood blister on my right foot and developed an even bigger one on my left . 
Already bored and summer just started . 
Classes start tomorrow and I just about finished the first week of CPD101 , that class is annoyingly easy . 
And then < PROPMALE > was all like , make me a sandwich . 
I am so hungry that the mere sight of Beef Ramen made me break out into song , a wonderful song . The lyrics were Beeeeef ! Beeeeeef ! Beeeeef ! Beeeeeef ! The < PROPFEMALE > was quite moving actually . 
I've only been inside for like 3 days .... Cabin \ 
Fever can't be setting in yet ...... What was that ?! 
ally ) , erstwhile playing \ 
host to what was originally labeled the stomach flu but actually turned \ 
out to be a reoccurring nasal drainage issue all while texting and \ 
playing around on Facebook using 5 dollar words and interesting \ 
rhetorical devices to get a point across ? And then have a nagging itch \ 
to go bowling after it all ? 
s Twice , Law Abiding Citizen , Head of State , Hitch , \ 
and the first two \ 
episodes of the Tester whilst completing assignments for CPD101 and \ 
ENG101 and \ 
answering questions on Blurtit ( very sarcastic 
Do\ 
you ever just have a brain spasm and begin thinking that you had gone \ 
insane only to wake up and realize that you had passed out and hit your \ 
head on the computer desk you have been sitting at for the last 72 hours\ 
after you had just finished watching Iron Man 2 5 times , Iron Man 1 \ 
Twice , The complete Blade Trilogy , Starship Troopers Twice , Sherlock \ 
Holmes Twice , Kick As 
Name the movie I stole the following bit of accent comedy from ! First to\ 
answer correctly wins a prize ! \ 
\ 
-This is agent x\ 
-Rex ? \ 
-No x\ 
-Lex ? \ 
-X , as in eggs and bacon\ 
-Eggs and bacon ? 
I can not comprehend the exstent to which I am bored , it seams to stretch endlessly 
God said ' Let there be root beer and PS3s ' and there was much rejoice 
And then < PROPMALE > wall all like \......................................\" because talking to yourself makes you look crazy " 
I leave Wednesday and man is it taking forever to get here 
All this monotonous repitition is getting boring and redundant . 
Wednesday is so close , yet so far ! And I have a stupid 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper to write and another short 500 < PROPFEMALE > essay . 
I am ready to go . Like right now . Really . In fact ... I'm going to get off Facebook right now so I can . Leave that is . Just saying . I really do have to go . And I want to go . So good bye Arizona . For now . I'll be back . Later . Okay . So ... Yeah . Getting off . Right now . Okay bye . 
Okay now I am getting off . 
So missions camp was super sweet , time to add all my new buddies 
Nothing like doing the macarina ( or however you spell it ) at the Hangout 
I am a robot < PROPMALE > , they call me MechBear 
I wish I could feel bad about myself right now ... but that`s not fair to the people who actually have problems . I`m just a stupid teenage boy with stupid teenage boy problems 
Home 
My names < PROPMALE > and I like to party 
Oh my gosh summer needs to end . Im bored beyond all reason . Something about having so much time with nothing to do just sort of sucks . 
This is < PROPMALE > updating his status 
So . I don't have an update or anything . Just bored . Really really bored . 
25 days until school starts again . 24 more days then I want to wait . 
So Inception was freaking beast . I want to see it again 
So . Im like all trippy outty . It's all Brittnie's fault . 
Morning everybody . I think last night might have been a little too fun , that video is going to be very funny . And the pictures , looking forward to seeing them 
Watching Avatar and playing Maplestory , a good day . 
Time to watch scary movies all by myself in my room until I fall asleep 
Rewatching Avatar : The Last Airbender , this show is even better the fourth time through . Thanks Netflix ! 
So im thinking i might have to walk to band practice . No worries though . 
I forgot how much I love playing my bass guitar 
Going up to my sisters . Yay not being home bored 
I have to pee 
Status Update- I no longer have to pee 
Registration today . My excitement is difficult to control . ( Read , Registration today . At least I have something to do ) 
Bored . Hungry . Kinda wish I was at band camp , but screw that . Need to do something productive other than clean , not that I have done any cleaning . Gotta come up with a replacement class for AP < PROPFEMALE > and possibly Chem . 
Tired . Bed . Soon . 
Stuff to do tonight and tomorrow . 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper due tomorrow . Haven't started . Better get cracking 
Fun weekend . By fun I mean I did a lot of work . Installing a 40 square foot window is no joke . 
I have an idea . And there it goes . Where do my unspoken thoughts end up ? I keep a lot of things to myself and so much so that I can't possibly store them all ... so where do they go ? Some place nice I hope . 
Gotta get me some beastly crazy shoes . Something weird and unique . 
Need a haircut , any suggestions on what kind of style I should go for ? 
Oh dude , Mr. Hebda looks just like < PROPFIRST > Fator ! 
So I was all like yeah whatever , I'm going to bed . And then I was all like but I'm not even tired . So I told myself to shut up and get some sleep and then got on Facebook despite myself . 
Almost done with my Eng102 Final paper . Ugh I want it to be over ! This is so boring 
And my paper is finished . Anyone want to read it for me ? 
Off to AZ Mills to get some shoes 
I didnt get a bendy straw =( 
Party at eriks then home to work with < PROPFEMALE > on my shoes and do some reading 
So . Fun day . Tired . Wired on energy drink tho . 
I am bored . Like really bored . 
24 hours from now ill be waking up to get ready for school 
12 hours and 51 minutes til school starts 
45 minutes til school starts 
Hungry . Bored . English homework . I don't want to do it . 
Everything is different now . I don't want to go back but I'm getting tired of looking forward . Why is it so hard to just live for the day ? 
Thirsty . CTAN test was pretty whack ( dictionary for a vocab test ? Someone wasn't paying attention hehehe ) I need to get that schedule fixed ! Not worried though . No homework til Tuesday so I'm going to chill tonight . 
I guess I missed the part where a brand new counselor pulls more weight than the principal , the head of the gifted education department , and our school's gifted program teacher . What is so hard about taking me out of English ? I wish people weren't so stupid . 
Is it just me or did the weekend last longer than the first week of school ? 
Week 2 and this time they better not screw up my schedule , I will seriously start something 
Pretty bored . The school system is so screwed up . I don`t know if I can stand another day in AP < PROPFEMALE > 
By < PROPMALE > Decree Ms. Jimenez will now be replaced with a rock . 
Anybody interested in donating to One Wheeled Productions to help us with our first ever feature length film ? 
Time fo school . Still in English . Ugh . Whatever . Ill just deal with it for now . 
So I think I'm going to the scrimmage tonight . Any one else going ? 
Well that was a bit discouraging . But I found this verse- < PROPFIRST > 24:13 ' but he who endures to the end will be saved . \ I just have to keep going " 
Trying to impress a girl by being someone you aren't is like trying to buy happiness , it doesn't work . So the only route is sincerity , but what can you do if that doesn't work either ? It would seem you can't do anything except give up and move on . No , this time that isn't an option . 
This day isn't going exactly where I wanted to go , I'm going to let some steam off playing Just Cause 2 . I hope tonight is still fun even with the extra people 
And I can't even pretend I don't care 
I don't think I could go a day without talking to you ... and I don't want to find out lol 
I hate that i wasted this day 
Today is going to be so much better than yesterday . Breakfast with my mom and < PROPFIRST > , lunch at my grandparents . It will be nice 
Yeah there I go making more stupid decisions . I think too much . Whatever , I'm just going to stick with it because stupid or not it is the decision I made . 
I am done messing around with all this . Love or not I can't devote my energy this way . There is no one else for me , none but Jesus . I need to get back to that mind set and forget about everything else . 
God is so amazing . As soon as I typed those words I felt better . Even my physical pain has numbed . I knew today was going to be a good day . 
I love sitting at my grandparents and listening to my dad and gma talk about economics . 
Mmmmm procrastination . I'm totally doing my APUSH essay and notes tomorrow 
Hahaha school is so sweet this year . Literally no homework except APUSH . Just started the notes like an hour ago and I am halfway done . That essay will take not long at all so I've decided to do it tomorrow , or maybe even Wednesday . The only real question is what should I do with all my free time before my clubs and bowling start taking it up ? 
That didn't last long at all ! Time for a homework break ! Haha I am sooooo lazy 
Finished my notes finally . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for helping me procrastinate ! 
Man i am so bored . Somebody should text me or something because im just sitting in my room doing nothing 
Finally brought my amp home so instead of being bored i can jam on my bass =) 
I guess I should start my essay ... 
So here I am . Here I am with all my epic epicness . You're welcome . 
Finished my essay . I'm hungry ... whatever . I'm just going to shower and go to bed , I'm tired of being awake 
Yeah ! 
I want to go bowling like so bad right now 
I hate the crappy Compaq desktop I have at my dads house , the video card cant run crap . Was up til 5 tinkering with that hunk of junk but it still sucks . 
Out of English and probably in to weight training lol . Nice switch I guess . 
Ah Pandora , how I love thee 
Anyone going to Arizona Storm tonight ? 
Guess I'm not going =( oh well , I'll go Saturday 
This is high school my friends , drama isn't just an elective , it is a graduation requirement 
Today i found out how truely far i would go for a klondike bar 
No one can get all of these . I am just too awesome . Fullname : ____ Age : __ Birthday : ____ Eye color : ___ Nickname : ___ Color : ___ Favorite food : ___ Favorite person(s ): ___ Favorite thing to do : ___ Try , I dare you . 
So I either need more friends or a hobby that doesn't suck because this is the second day in a row I have been stuck home during the day with nothing to do . I wish places were hiring so I could get a freaking job and actually do something useful with my time 
Almost forgot to do APUSH , I better hop right on it 
Today I bent the truth to be kind , and I have no regret , for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true . ~ Robert Brault 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending- < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
Oh my gosh , greatest quote ever !!! “-You can't just turn on creativity like a faucet . You have to be in the right mood . -What mood is that ? -Last-minute panic . ” I love it ! 
I just want to drive to nowhere and watch the stars with you forever 
The magic of the stars that dance across the sky and the beauty of the full < PROPFEMALE > as it sits high above could not compare to that moment when our eyes first met 
Time to study for APUSH 
Thats enough studying for now . I'm going to my room to watch Bones on Netflix 
Now I feel confident enough to say that I will fail the APUSH test today . 
Kind of worried now , not about me though . Hope everything is okay . 
Me . You . Bed . Now . On second thought ... forget about you . Me . Bed . Now . 
.... Bones . Season 2 . I'm watching it . Yes . Awesome . 
Woah . Its Saturday night . I don¿t have school tomorrow . Yay . Kind of . 
See You At The Pole is tomorrow morning ! At VG it starts at 730 by the flag poles in front of the office . 
Hey if you aren't doing anything tonight and can round up $3 you should go see my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and his band play at The Gym Sports Bar and Grill !!!!!! 
Time for a little social experiment 
I understand school spirit but in my opinion it is actually destroyed by the internal competition between the classes . It defeats any sense of camaraderie shared by the school as a whole and makes it nearly impossible to actually act civil to one another . Real school spirit should be shared not fought over . 
Disappointment . 
Youll never believe what bus is in front of me on my way to the bowling ally . The Maxim bus . 
Tried to change my birthday to tomorrow just to see what would happen , turns out you have to be 18 to change your birthday . That rules seems a bit strange and arbitrary . 
I just watched the entire firefly collection ( minus the 2 hour premiere and 2 hour movie based on the show ) with my mom 
Desperate Housewives season premiere ! 
Hmm ... I'm thinking about what to say here that would get people interested and talking because Facebook is so lame when people aren't talking to each other . I know ! ........ I'm pregnant ! Discuss . 
Guess who is going to see Young Frankenstein live at the Gammage tonight ! That's right , this guy . 
< PROPMALE>'s Facebook comment of the day- \Justin Bieber ? That pretty little singer ? Personally I think she has a wonderful voice . \"" 
Just finished softmodding my Wii , downloading Guitar Hero 6 as we speak . Got the MiiMC app , gunna get some other fun stuff . 
Burning Guitar Hero 6 . If this works I am going to be so excited ! Already modding my copy of Brawl , hope it turns out awesome ! 
Brawl mod faster ! Guitar Hero burn faster ! Me download more games faster ! Gahhhh ! Overload of awesome !!! 
Brawl + is good to go and plays fine . Haven't been able to boot Guitar Hero yet , I'll try once more and then I'm off to bed . 
Well there goes that freaking waste of time . Its for the best i guess but still makes me feel like crap 
From now on if I ask a question and you don¿t want to hurt my feelings with your answer , say it anyways . I can deal with the truth , I can¿t deal with lying 
My copy of call of duty modern warfare for the wii works . Hopefully it can keep me preoccupied so i dont think about what happened . New desperate housewives 
I think women should stop screwing themsleves over by getting with douchebags . There are two benefits to this- women get hurt less and the dbag population drops 
Want to go back to Tennessee . Like right now . Casa Grande just isn't really the place for me . Needless to say I will not be making a home here . 
Pandora totally gets me 
So everyone at Vista voted for me for < PROPMALE > Class < PROPMALE > right ? Right ? No ? It's cool , I wasn't planning on going to the dance anyways . The nomination was nice though 
Somebody have a green shirt I can borrow ? 
Hippie Day ? I think I will wear jeans and a t-shirt . 
Aw hail lol 
Attention Casa Grande Cougars ! I have the lid of a sousaphone case that says ' Pride of Casa Grande ' in big yellow letters and has a cougar painted on it . It is a little torn up but if someone wants it , let me know ! 
Here is hoping that my copy of Guitar Hero Nightwish works 
I have come to the conclusion that boyfriends have one job and one job only . That is to make their girlfriend feel beautiful every single day . 
Bon fire dancing was legit . Gunna try and go to home coming . I love dancing < 2Legit2Quit > 
There are videos and pics of me getting crunk and they will be up over fall break ! 
And I got all sweaty so I will be taking a shower and I guess I'll just pray I remember chapter 8 because I am not rereading it . Good night everybody . Hey ! Any VG girl who doesn't have a date to homecoming ! I'm willing to drop the extra $5 to help someone get in as my ' date ' so just message me if you're interested . 
Spartans brought home a sweet varsity win ! Flirting with another college girl and crashing at eriks rounds out the night . Still no date for the dance =( 
Gunna make a Frankenstein's monster out of about three old comps . Hopefully I can get something that vaguely resembles a working machine though I think I will need a new video card . 
Dance was cool I guess . Think I liked the bonfire a bit better . Oh well , had fun with friends . I'm starving . Thinking shower then bed though 
Having fun with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Thinking about heading to 7-11 here in a minute 
I bet if I sat down and just thought right now I could come up with some crazy awesome thing to say . But I can't sit for too long . 
Only through the unending perseverance of the spirit can we hope to survive the daily struggle of life . We will only reap what we sow so I will sow only love and good faith . I will tend to these seeds with the spirit and they will grow into a bountiful harvest . It is thus through the spirit that any prosperity , material or otherwise , can be made . 
So . Tired . But I need to practice my tuba before band practice because I haven't played in months . 
My Purple Stuff shirts are here !! I'm wearing the polo to my band practice tonight ! 
Never actually listened to that song Handlebars until just now . I like it 
Just saw a pic of bieber at target . No lie , if she were straight id get with her . I dont like her haircut tho , kinda butchy for me . < 2Legit2Quit > 
Hey band kids , I found this amazing shirt- http://www.zazzle.com/drum_corps_marching_band_but_im_on_my_dot_tshirt-235992616665596400\ 
And these freaking insane shoes- http://www.zazzle.com/drum_corps_marching_band_keds_black_gold_shoes-167735464913793263\ 
The shoes are black and gold but you can customize them to any colors you want . 
So I realized something earlier and meant to post it . It seems to me that there are only two reasons to strive to be a great man . The first and foremost reason is obviously to bring < PROPFEMALE > to God , for without Him there is no us . The second reason is to attract a great woman , for without them there is no future . 
Im a good guy right ? I mean i know i have my faults , but come on . Who doesnt ? I try my best ... < 2Legit2Quit > 
Tired . Bored . Fall break was sorta a bust . A bunch of fun stuff happened but for some reason I feel like I didn't do anything at all . Maybe it's because I ended the week the same way I started . Was hoping something would have changed . Oh well . 
Looking forward to all the fun letters since I filled in ' Military Technologies and Applied Sciences ' as the < PROPMALE > I'm interested in on the PSAT . Combat Systems Engineering FTW . 
Will you be the Pepper Potts to my < PROPFIRST > Stark ? 
The new reebock easy tone commercial has more booty than a rap video 
The Society is established and running smoothly . All those interested in membership should send me a message . Be warned , once you join you can only leave once . 
So apparently im a cute , funny , smart , good christian boy that no girl wants to get with . Is it my hair ? Because ill get it cut . 
I should go read the apush chapters 
Like my satus and I'll tell you ... \ 
1 . Something I've leatned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of\ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you\ 
7 . Challenge you to repost this . 
I wish school didnt get in the way of learning 
Are you ready for the Social Revolution ? 
It would be so easy if I just didn't care . Curse me and my emotions . 
-Are you sure about this ? -The data seems so support the hypothesis . -Never . Argue . With . The data . 
BE HONEST ! If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you ever wanted to go out with me or do right now poke me . If you miss me , put a :/ . If you've ever had a crush on me message me saying so . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
Mondays- Math Club- School- Bowling Practice- APUSH Hw\ 
Tuesdays- NHS- School- Other Hw- CAC Band\ 
Wednesdays- School- Bowling/Church\ 
Thursdays- Key Club- School- ? \ 
Fridays- Eklektos- School- Football games/Free time\ 
Saturdays- Bowling- ? \ 
Sundays- Church- Lunch- Worship band practice/Free time\ 
And at any moment a Key Club or Church event could pop up and take a slot . Like today with the Disability Dance . 
Is today \ 
A ) Friday\ 
B ) Friday\ 
C ) Friday\ 
D ) Friday\ 
E ) All Of The Above\ 
The correct answer is C . 
I don't like that pic of me . Oh well . It is staying up until I get a pic of my haircut ... which I haven't gone to go get yet . 
Confused , which wouldn't be so bad if it weren't so bad , you know ? 
So I am writing a short story and I want to give it this really sad ending . Well it is kind of happy but mostly sad . Everyone I've talked to says they want a happy ending but I don't think that is realistic . Bad things happen to good people and I want to capture that idea . What do any of you think ? 
So I made a twitter account . I will probably use it quite often , I hate myself lol 
I just realized how much I miss sousaphones . 
Hypothetical situation- I return to Union next year . Discuss . 
And now im up and cant fall asleep . Its probably because of the throbbing pain in my stomach and head . 
Wow I feel good about today . 
The beauty of your eyes is seen not through happiness , but through the deepest of sorrows , when the glistening tears reflect the true nature of your spirit 
Hey it is the 31st of October ! You know what that means ?? I do ! Church . Also the Guys and Dolls out at CAC and only one week til convention !!!! WOOOOOOO !! 
I really want to learn how to write with my right hand . That way I can show off by doing calculus in one hand and writing poetry in the other . At the same time . 
Boring test all day + stuck at school for an extra hour because my mom's car broke down + not much time with < PROPFEMALE > Hernandez = A pretty crappy day 
About to leave for Relay for Life 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Sorcerers Stone . Goodness the nostalgia . Man I grew up with these kids , it is crazy to think that I was that young when this movie came out . 
Movie was awesome . Being stranded in the parking lot ... Not so much . 
Something about the late night dull hum of rigs driving down the freeway just calms me down . I feel like I almost belong here . 
Man if I were to say even half of the things I think ..... Is it better to please with a locked mind or be honest with an open one ? 
< PROPMALE > is awesome . 
Dude , < PROPMALE > bowls ! Too legit to quit . 
No matter how hard I scream in my head , no one ever hears it . Maybe that makes it easier on others ... But it doesnt help me . 
Onewheeledproductions finally got a new video up . Check out our channel at www.youtube.com/user/OneWheeldProduction the new vid is called Knock First . Hilarious 
I don't suppose anyone has season 3 of < PROPMALE > that I can borrow ? Stupid Netflix won't instant stream and I don't feel like waiting for my torrent of season 3 to finish ... 
One of the marching bands in the parade was playing Poker Face . That = Win . Plus their cadence was pretty legit . I wonder who it was 
Its one of the middle schools ... Must either be cactus or villago . Anyways props to whoever it was . 
Hey you ! Yes , you ! If you enjoy OneWheeldProduction videos you should really subscribe . It would make us happy . 
So im watching Home Alone 2 , and there is a part where < PROPFIRST > says- This is the best accident of my life . I couldnt help but think- What about your < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Maplestory is online ! Maybe ... Here's hoping . If not I always have < PROPMALE > season 4 
On my way to Tuscon for the All Stars bowling match . Hopefully ill do good . 
I didnt place but i didnt do too bad . Heading back to cg for my other tournament tonight at 6 . Ill probably do better 
It Is Time by HB , one of my new favorite songs . Check it out if you can . 
Just finished Season 4 of < PROPMALE > , wow what a twist ending . This changes everything . I nearly cried . Time to watch Season 5 . I love pirates , the season finale was yesterday and the whole thing is already online . Sweet . 
Of all the weeks my teachers decide to give me homework , it had to be finals week . 
One more day to study ... Hopefully the APUSH test won't be too killer 
It came early !!! It is sitting in my living room right now ! 60 inches of 3d ready amazingness !!!!! Ten days early 
So I just took the chapter 9 through 16 practice tests and averaged about a 95% , I think I'm ready for this stupid final . 
Just did 9-12 this morning , all A's , I've got this . 
Who got a 100% on the APUSH Final ? That's right , this guy . 
Its raining . Weird . 
Guess who didn't get a 100% on the Algebra 5 final ? This guy =( I missed one 
Ran in to < PROPFIRST > at Frys , thats always fun 
So yeah , someone should text me because im bored . If you dont have my number message me and ill give it to you . 
Now I'm ticked . Where are my PSAT scores ! 
Well out of my three finals today my grades were as follows \ 
APUSH- 100% ( Smiley Face)\ 
PreAPAlgebra5- 94% ( Frowny face)\ 
PreApSpanish3- 89.5% ( Better than I thought , but frowny face anyways ) 
This fog is freaking awesome . First rain now this . Arizona , you are freaking me out 
Im bored . Text me . 
When I finally wanna use the camera I remember it is broken . How cruel life is . Can't wait until I get a new phone , one with a working camera hopefully . 
Just checked my Chemistry Final- 104%\ 
I knew it was a little too easy . 
So I just wrote this like really sad , borderline masochistic poem . Anyone interested in reading it ? \ 
* This poem does not represent how feel at all and is simply and artistic thing . 
Happy Birthday Jesus . 
If there is one thing I love about Arizona it is the weather . It is beautiful outside . 
If you're in the CG area and are going to buy fireworks , stop by one of our two locations- Phantom Fireworks , in the Albertons parking lot on < PROPFEMALE > and out in the mall between < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPFEMALE > Garden . We are gunna be open all week long so stop by and pick up so fireworks ! 
Somehow I managed to start a poke war ... with myself ! 
If you are planning on getting fireworks this year you need to come get them from me . Im out at the mall between mimis cafe and < PROPFEMALE > garden . 
Fun afternoon planned- hopefully it all works out 
The greatest man in History , Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master , had no degree , yet they called him Teacher , had no medicines , yet they called him Healer , had no army , yet kings feared him , won no military battles , yet he conquered the world , committed no crime , yet they crucified him . He was buried in a tomb , yet he lives today . Re-post if you believe in your heart HE is the REASON for the SEASON 
When the time is right it will not be our mind that says jump , but our heart that leaps into the moment . 
To be a slave to your spirit is to truly be free . 
Every little thing she does is magic . A good song . Also , coincidentally , and amazing status update . 
I can't express how I feel . It makes no sense to me . 
Things just got kinda crappy . Oh well . Tomorrow will be better . 
I lied . Today was just about as bad as yesterday 
People should text me 
I'm not updating my status nearly as much as before . Strange . This totally doesn't count . 
And another day comes and goes . There isnt much to it . Each day is filled with emptiness . Its like nothing matters . My life needs to get going soon 
President of National Honors Society . That should help make my school days a little more interesting . 
I just heard this awesome new sound . An up and coming acoustic duet Mikenn(a)(e)dy . They are working with some really low tech equipment right now but they have a ton of potential . They have a cover of ' Heaven ' that is simply amazing , and their Lady Gaga is pretty good too ! I can't wait to hear more from them 
It's a good thing I'm not a follower of the zodiac otherwise I'd be upset too . It's a scary thought that just the shift of the < PROPFEMALE > will now cause everyone to adopt different personalities . 
Rage was amazing . Favorite part was the flatfoot 56 circle pit . Second favorite was crazy dancing outside the crowd during tfk 
President of Key Club . Hazah . 
People ask me what I want to do when I grow up . I'm getting tired of saying advanced weapons and military technology development . From now on I'm just saying < PROPFIRST > Freaking Stark . 
The square root of negative one , x squared plus ( y minus the cubed root of x squared ) squared equals 1 , 01010101 . 
Thats what I get for trying to be a nice guy . Oh well . I still care , even if I dont show it any more . One day older , one day closer to a new start . 
Sometimes the most beautiful song is silence . Only when we stop and take a moment to listen do we realize the magic beat of the heart . Such a soothing < PROPFEMALE > . 
But hearing your heart can be frightening . It sings only the truth , and sometimes we dont want to face it . I know my truth , and something has to change . 
It calls to me in my sleep , I long for it while I am awake , it is with me always . The urge continues to grow stronger . So close now . Good luck finding me when it captures me . I will be far away , traveling forever . There is too much beauty in the world to stop in one place for too long . 17 years is far too long to give one town . I just hope there will be someone to share the sights with . 
In a shocking turn of events i have decided that trying to fix my desktop is a waste of time and will instead go outside and read . 
< PROPMALE > Shifflette- They're Mexican , that's Chewbacca- ..... Chupacabra ? Nice one 
Okay poll time . Would you be more interested in seeing a Like a Boss parody called Like a Nerd , or a We R Who We R parody about pirates ? 
I'm learning more about myself everyday . How much I have changed ... I didn't see myself as the person I am today a year ago . Most of it is great . I feel wonderful about the majority of the changes . But one of the blossoming flowers may prove to be more sinister than the simple < PROPFEMALE > it appears to be ... 
That was the most ridiculous public service announcement ever . ' This Valentines Day check yourself for testicular cancer because why give diamonds when you can give the family jewels ' . Nice CBS . 
The Superbowl status updates are intriguing . What exactly is a Roethlisberger ? And why is everyone bagging on the Peas ? I didn't see the show but it couldn't have been that bad . Better than The Who I hope . Don't get me wrong , I like The Who , but they were very boring . Just like < PROPMALE > ... But I digress . 
Ah I see . Fergie definitely did suck it up . But the rest of the half time show was legit . 
This Superbowl reminded me of that time when I bought a cow but only got sour milk out of it ... ' twas an udder disappointment . 
Fire hula hoops and cheerleaders ? Unicycles ? Three seconds and Glee is already ten times more exciting than football . 
Forming an a capella group . Who is in ? 
Glee . I approve . 
Band practice . Save me from the boredom . Please . 
Watching a thing about Facebook . Woot for Facebook . 
And there I go , off thinking about the past and what I used to see in my future . I don't like to think ahead . It always changes . I'm not upset , I just hate that I had a plan and now it will never unfold . Best to live in the moment , then I can't be disappointed when the road turns and I ' m not facing the same stars . No matter how many times I change my course , I can't do anything if the stars decide to shift . 
Today will be a day . Not a special one . Just a day . 
Going to < PROPMALE > White to practice my serve then hit the racquetball room for some rally practice . Anyone want to join me ? 
Time to build the Weekend of a Lifetime playlist . Hopefully we will have speakers to listen to it with lol 
Playlist is finished and synched . Totally ready for this trip . 
If there is one thing the world can never get enough of it is love , and if there are two they are love and music . 
Anyone that wants to see me rocking a sexy tux ( black with sky blue vest , bowtie , and all that ) needs to round up $5 , or $7 is you are an adult , by March 5th . It is going to be a great time with some food and door prizes . For my Vista friends , some of those prizes are things like free prom tickets and sweet rides to prom . Don't miss out . 
Okay so I just got home and I'm totally bored . Who wants to chill today ? I'm cool with anything that doesn't cost a ton of money haha 
A reminder- This Saturday is the Prom Fusion Fashion Show . All of you should attend ! I will be looking sexy in a fine tux and will be walking with the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Osei , so be sure to get your ticket and meet me there ! 
Hey , anyone that is interested , Ulta is having a Prom Preview party- they are gunna demo some hair styles and makeup and do some giveaways . Its tomorrow from 630-8 . It will be pretty chill so just go and have some fun . And then get ready for Prom Fusion this Saturday !!! 
A funny little thing called respect ... 
What an awful feeling . All these great friendships and yet I don't feel that special connection that I see between others . Why ? 
Y'all ready for Prom Fusion ? Its gunna be sick 
Good night everyone . Prom Fusion was a huge success ( look forward to some sexy photos ) and hopefully I'll bowl well tomorrow . 
I was going to type a meaningful status update that would let all of my wonderful friends get a glimpse in to how my days have been going and what is happening inside my head . Then I had to pee . 
New phone . If you want me to have your number then text me 
SAT is tomorrow , I hope I do well . Need to find out when the next ACT is so I can get signed up 
zombie , run = best app ever 
Time to drive 
I am totally in to free stuff right now so expect plenty of status updates about crap you don't care about 
Party at < PROPMALE>'s tomorrow . Limited space- anyone seriously interested in attending ? Will be watching movies and running from zombies 
If only I had a billion friends , oh how I'd always be alone then . For if I surround myself with so many faces , each would fade away in to the next . In every person a bit of me , like shattered mirrors scattered awkwardly . But no one would be themselves . Connections , impossible . 
Bowling Tournament today ! Pepsi State at McRay lanes in Chandler . Wish me luck and if anyone is interested come by and see me bowl . I start at 1 . 
Well facebook , it has been great , we have had our ups and downs . It will be a long nine weeks . In the immortal words of Tigger , tata for now . 
