all alone , more than you'll know ... with nowhere to go . 

it was too good to be true . 
Facebook is taking over the fucking world . 
Got an MRI on the 26th . I'm not quite sure about it . =| 
no man can hold what the darkness can sow gonna leave and ugly skull when u go tongues like horns violently born and new soul the soft dead awake alive in love hard for the hangmans daughter 
i don't even know why I'm on facebook . this stuff is ridiculous . 
seeing wolfman today . 
we had the theatre all to ourselves . ;D 
< PROPFIRST > just made me a baconcheezsourcreamPOTATO . Be jealous . 
I'm fucking going to bed . 
Best Buy won't let me return my webcam . D: 
Hmph . 
Spectro tripping . 
o.o 
Indomitus Femina 
La-La is 6mnths old . (= 
Well , I have just got to say -- whether or not it's ' my business ' ( I can say what the fuck I what , after all ) ... I think it's hilarious she was cheating on him , and pathetic he took her back . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > got her shots today . =[ She only cried for like ten seconds , but it was excruciating . =p 
I hate when two people get together , and within a few days , or even months -- they're supposedly ' in love ' ... Desperate much ? Obsessive ? Controlling ? -eyerolls- 
Hooker : I thought we were going to see Hairspray ? Stewie : I thought I told you to shut your mouth , and be looking fine ? Ahaha . 
Taking Cadence to < PROPFIRST>'s mom to see her great Grandma . Awh . =p 
What kind of women , who has any self respect ... is going to fuck a stranger in some fast-food bathroom ? 
Tramadol is tearing my stomach up . Need to go back to the doctors . Haven't even gone over my MRI results . 
mmmmmmm mmm 
Mmm , coffee is perfect . 
Cleaning ; Rearranging . Woo . 
Done cleaning for the evenin ' -- got plenty to tackle tomorrow , though . Feels good that /almost/ everything is fucking spotless , yessir . :D ! 
Man ! ; exhausted . Crawlin ' inta bed . Mmmyes . <3 
Repo Men is a pathetic rip-off of Repo ! The Genetic Opera . I'm not seeing it , or renting it . > \\ 
Beer Drinking Troubleshooting Chart --- SYMPTOM-Your singing sounds distorted . FAUL T-T he beer is too weak . ACTION-Have more Beer until your voice improves . ---- SYMPTOM-Don't remember the words to the song . FAUL T-T he beer is just right . ACTION- Play air guitar . 
Uploading ... uploading ... uploading ... 
i hate you 
Exhausted 
Getting my tat today , woohoo . A banner of musical notes , with ' La-La ' & her birthday on the underside of my forearm . 
just got my tat . yessir . 
La-La is getting up on all fours and rocking ... it won't be long ! [ babygirl is growing up TOO fast . = Z ] 
Sore from the EMG & my hand is bruised from the IV for my MRI . Uggggh , lol . 
why so goddamn < PROPFEMALE > ? = < 
New tat - ' Indomitus Femina ' on my back . Woo . 
the wind has died down ... i think . fuckin ' hate it . 
' tomorrow is not a promise ' 
life goes on ... 
baaaah . that is all . 
i has hot wings . \ 
:D 
So tired of being in pain all the time . Tramadol isn't working anymore and just makes me sick . & My appt with my neurologist keeps getting rescheduled . 
* dies * 
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
The lie ran down her < PROPFEMALE > like embyro 
I would love to beat in the face of any motherfucker that's thinking they can change me . White knuckles grip pushing through for the gold , if you're wanting a piece of me - I broke the mother fucking mold . 
Smite the shepherd and the sheep will be scattered 
Let me help you tie the rope around your neck . 
mmmmmmsully < PROPFEMALE > 
i thought i heard a song in your voice but i was wrong/i thought i heard your song in my head but it was my own/i once held it in my hand for awhile but now it's gone/i thought i heard your song in my head but it was my own 
the soul it wants to sing it but you don't/i wish you'd live forever , but you won't/in the pockets of the devil's coat/sailing shadows in a paper boat/i'd like to see the sky all opened up/all opened up/trip baby/sweat that voodoo 
Agents of Oblivion Descend Upon the Sane 
just a cold millennium in another dry age/just a cold millennium in another dry age/the vanishing man has madness to sow/there are secrets he knows that have never been told 
Disgusted with my position , so submissive . I am the only way we get away is give in . Sharpen up the razors , stab the needles into pipes to kill cravings . So sick of this in me , can't stand the want to need . Can't get free , always got a grip on me . 
Dude . Straight Line Stitch . I'm not kidding . 
can't do this anymore . i'm nothing but ... nothing . 
i am done . depleted . 
Vitae 
The ghost of a pale girl is solemnly following me . Pale will she follow me into the sea . I feel the flowers screaming to consume you . Like murder ... Earth and sky your cradle , earth and sky entomb you . 
... my fingers trace the exit wound , by graveyard light . There is bone dust in my throat , and everything is dead but it's alright ... 
Can you feel the cold death that rides along your spine ? 
Everybody whispers were birds fall dead . I smell the yellow sickness churning inside your head . Wiping flecks of foam twisting with rabies . Bloody we run thru fields of dead daisies . 
busted my hand all to shit . life sucks man . when do I get to die ? haha 
i hurt so much . gaah . 
make the pain go away . . . 
mmmmrwahrrllughughrammph 
40 OZ . to Freedom 
' But the day that I die will be the daythat I shut my mouth and put ? down my guitar . ' 
:) 
bahauguugh 
I've taken a leave of absence/I've taken a leave of the senses/And there's nothing in the world that can change this/Life is diminished . 
I'm leaving you/And everything I knew/Tomorrow only leads to more sorrow/But I don't care/Pretend your unaware/I was never there ... 
A lot nicer now that the sun isnt baking me . :D 
beeeerrr 
DUDE . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > cut off his signature braids ! His hair is like ... jaw length . </3 
is sick . 
Poop 
Heaven's just a rumor she'll dispel . As she walks me through the nicest parts of hell . I still dream of lips I never should have kissed . Well she knows exactly what I can't resist . 
slipping away ... 
uh ... 
Yeah for mass message ; . If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge . ;D 
Girls talking shit left and right ... yay for New(crap)ton . 
Dunno . That is all . 
beeerrr 
Candles raise my < PROPFEMALE > ; why I'm so far away ... No more meaning to my life , no more reason to stay . 
Trippin ' into a world that never seems too far away . Too much time , too many wasted days . \ 
How can you be this way ? Now I'm alone and cold today . I'm walking dead man's drive . Reaching out for my life . I've been known to fuck up everything . In this skin there's a broken man . 
I don't need to see these visions to remind me/That I'm dying from the inside out/Wanting you here/It still means I must do without 
grah . 
Just in the way all your fingertips touch me/They are healing/One day we'll all fall prey 
i did a line/the lines that define begin to grey and fade/we shoot out the lights and swallow razorblades 
So tell me now/If this ain't love then how do we get out ? /Because I don't know/That's when she said I don't hate you boy/I just want to save you while there's still something left to save/That's when I told her I love you girl/But I'm not the answer for the questions that you still have 
But the day pressed on like crushing weights/For no man does it ever wait/Like memories of dying days/That deafen us like hurricanes/Bathed in flames we held the brand/Uncurled the fingers in your hand/Pressed into the flesh like sand/Now do you understand ? 
1000 < PROPMALE > away/There's nothing left to say/But so much left that I don't know/We never had a choice/This world is too much noise/It takes me under/It takes me under once again/I don't hate you/I don't hate you 
What we are is the sum of 1000 lives/What we know is almost nothing at all/But we are what we are until the day we die/Or until we don't have the strength to go on 
It kills me not to know this , but I've all but just forgotten/What the color of her eyes were and her scars or how she got them/As the telling signs of age rain down , a single tear is dropping/Through the valleys of an aging face that this world has forgotten 
How much must I curse your name/And put your beliefs to shame/Before you prove yourself/And end this life ? 
His presence is overwhelming/As much as I have feared this day/I have longed for it to come/We must tell him of the fate we desired/And help to make it end . 
BUREAUCRACY : You have two cows . At first the government regulates what you can feed them and when you can milk them . Then it pays you not to milk them . Then it takes both , shoots one , milks the other and pours the milk down the drain . Then it requires you to fill out forms accounting for the missing cows . 
The female bedbug has no sexual opening . To get around this , the male uses his penis to DRILL A VAGINA into the female . 
Tanning can give you cancer and kill you . Tans are just damaged skin cells 
a typical male ejaculation contains 150mg of protein . 
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete . 
My Departure Will Be The End Of This Clock Work Holocaust/A Tense Feel Of Accomplishment Will < PROPFEMALE > Through Halls Of The Dead/I Will Make A Worthy Enemy As I Try to Defy My Demise/And When My Labyrinth Senses Air Down I Will Plunge To Where I'm From/I Was The Genocide 
Who dare disturb me ?! Who seeks to destroy what Ive worked my life to forge ?! Treason ! You tread on the throne of a giant , a god among men . My hammer will deliver justice to those who oppose my power . 
The wolves are set free tonight , can't escape the attack . You better < PROPFIRST > my words . I come with no regards for anyone . 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there who\ 
support their family and their children . Happy Dumbass day for all the \ 
father's who missed out on the most amazing thing in life . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Bland for being an amazing father , I love you unconditionally ! 
The Bronco -- Fucking a chick doggy-style , and then when she is real into it , grab her by the hips and call her another women's name . Ride her like a bronco while she tries to < PROPMALE > you off ! [ Off of Dexter ] 
I like ' em thick and juicy , so don't pilate anything . 
I feel so incomplete/Everything is way beyond me/Watching my life go by/Standing on the sideline 
I am leaving you/And everything I knew/Tomorrow only leads to more sorrow/But I don't care/Pretend you're unaware/I was never there 
When all are gone/Only Surtur remained/Passing his hand of fire/across the whole world/Consuming all of creation 
There's nowhere to run/Darkness is closing in/I don't fear the setting sun/Or the twilight that it brings 
I'm always doped up , and the pain never ends\ 
=\\ 
I am the definition of murder . The n9ne is now coming to serve you . You're running but you can't go no further , because I'm running through you with no sign of inertia . 
Don't even bother with me . 
Please , don't waste my time . I've invested too much . 
And how many times I gave my heart/To how many times we fell apart/And it equals/A promise in the dark/So dont promise me 
woohoo for excruciating pain that kept me up all night . it seems as though this is becoming a habit . why does it just appear out of nowhere ? so sick and tired of it . don't want to live with this shit for the rest of my life , and i don't want surgery either . ( my mom's had five on each arm for the same shit ) FML ... FML ! x.x 
Mmph 
Today was a lot better than I expected ; changed my prescriptions a bit , added a new pill -- I'm feeling a lot better . Kinda spacey , which is a given , but not in so much pain as I was . 
RIP Big < PROPFIRST > . :( 
Saaame old soooong , just a drop of water in an endless sea . All we doooo , crumbles to the ground , though we refuse to seee . // Dust in the wind , all we are is dust in the wiiiiiind . 
Dying is just part of life . Just like being born . There has to be an end to a beginning . I always wondered why people view death with a negative outlook . It's just an inevitable ending to our crazy lives . 
I hunger ... for food , of course . ;D 
hmph 
The rain SUCKS . 
I'm sorry -- I'm impulsive , stupid -- whatever you feel you need to label me . Nothing for me has changed , I swear . I'm still the person you fell in love with -- flawed as I ever was . I still love you , still excited for where life is taking us . Please don't let my mistakes get in the way of what is inevitable , what is us . 
Now I know we said things , did things , that we didn't mean/And we fall back into the same patterns , same routine/But your temper's just as bad as mine is , you're the same as me/When it comes to love you're just as blinded/Baby please come back , it wasn't you , baby it was me/ 
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems/Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano/All I know is I love you too much to walk away though 
wtf 
Fuck off . 
I'm a private person . Everyone knows that . Posting my personal life on Facebook , without my permission , really isn't a good move on your part . 
I just feel like ripping myself apart . 
Just three days ago he was talking about getting married and now he isn't even here . & I have to sit in this house that holds all my memories , take care of our daughter , and still find the strength to ' be okay ' . Fuck it all . I feel empty , surreal , fucking absolutely broken . 
It is a Hell , but being forged from the flames will make me stronger . < PROPFIRST > , I love you -- I couldn't imagine the void that would be left in your absence , and nothing will ever change that . Nothing ever has , and shit has bleed out like a stuck pig before -- and I still stand unwaivering . You make me who I am , and I've made you who you've became . 
And all the knowledge in the world couldn't save you from it/All your ignorance is bliss and that's the way they want it/And they will label a traitor if you speak out of turn/Ain't got no rights if you fight at the stake you will burn/The novelty of your freedom it doesn't even exist/ 
You're just a slave to the wage , you're just a hand over fist/You ain't got nothin but bluffin , front and try to break out/You're just a pawn , and they don't give a fuck about 
I sew the gaping chestwork , each thread is made with love . The bosom where I would rest my head , is covered in your blood . 
We are the blackness of the night/Cold wind that cuts your flesh/We are the enemy praying for your certain death/We are what was , will be forevermore/In the stillest hours we awaken , enshrouded in the dark 
Suicide Silence makes me want to rip through sheets of tissue and flesh at very high speeds . 
No man can hold what the darkness can sow . Gonna leave an ugly skull when you go . 
CLEANING . CLEANING . BLEACH . WOOO ! 
Still cleaning . Grwah . 
Oh and just so you know , those ass pictures were just a ' joke ' -- so step off please , and quit IMing me your nasty shit , k ? 
More cleaning . 
Someone should suggest new bands for me to listen to -- just no rap , country , or emo bullshit . ^^ 
woohoo WOD 
fucking bored ! 
What is up with chicks plucking their eyebrows into thin little lines , or shaving them off at halfway ? .... retarded . 
I need something to do before I go ... sane . 
bullshit 
so cadence fell on the nightstand lastnight & it looked horrible -- all swollen , bruised , slightly bleeding . I get her up this morning and it's but just a faint line . she's a trooper . 
fucking cuntmuffins 
fuck dude 
omg , these sesame street movies are terrorizing me -- but cadence loves them . x_X 
burping milk with hamburger and noodles is ... disgusting . 
baaahhh . cant sleep 
BAAAAAHHH 
INSOMNIA 
I need to figure out what I want to do with my life , fucking-a . 
I need to lose about 25lbs . X__x 
prisonwallet 
Your neck is smiling at me ear to fucking ear . The trachea exposed . Pulsing hemoglobin entities at me . Your neck is smiling ear to fucking ear . The gurgling of gore . The sound of splitting . Hide . The grinding of the bones . Ear to fucking ear . The verdict isn’t met until you’re dead . Ear to fucking ear . 
hot bath time , yesss 
this damn puppy has food and water and toys , and just went outside -- yet it runs around the room yelping and howling for apparently no goddamn reason . the fuck ! i wish i could kick it but i can't , so outside it goes . 
so i'm thinking about going blonde but i'm sure < PROPFIRST > will not agree with that . =\\ 
< PROPFIRST > is still not home from work , and he is suppose to get off at 1 . v_v 
shit bitch 
I've got an F and a C and I got a K too . And the only thing that's missing is a bitch like yoU . I am a dandy in the ghetto with a snow white smile . Super-ego bitch , I've been evil awhile . 
... i'm still awake 
fuck this shit 
so they can do whatever the fuck they want , go here and there -- leaving behind their kids -- but i want a just a few hours for one day in ONE month to go do anything ... and I can't even fucking get it . 
woohooo 
cant sleep 
Some folks call it a sling blade , I call it a Kaiser blade . 
Karl : [ Eating potted meat ] I reckon it tastes alright . \ 
Frank : You really think it's got peckers in there ? \ 
Karl : You know better than that . You ought not say that word . \ 
Frank : It smells funny . \ 
Karl : Yeah , it's pretty loud . Looky there . I believe you right . I believe I see one right in there . 
- is now completely in the mood for < PROPFIRST > cash , < PROPMALE > seger , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :D 
And me , I spend a lot of time pickin ' flowers up on Choctaw Ridge , and drop them into the muddy water off the Tallahatchie Bridge . 
Who needs sleep anyways ? 
rawr 
:/ 
gaaahhhh 
It seems so surreal that am I raising this little person that will reflect who I am , and what I teach . Who will cling to me with everything she has , but then bounce away from me in glorified independence . Everything she is going to encounter and learn and perceive ... it's intense . But ... I wouldn't have it any other way . 
FUCK . I am emotional today . XD 
CLEANING !!!! grwahwahah !! ... yush :D 
The last ... few months I have been so high and so low ... i go from being shut down , to overly expressive , to manic obsessive and cleaning , to ... calm . All in one day , every day -- it almost helps though . I am able to get everything and anything done I want , and my multitasking skills are apocalyptic . 
finally got some sleep last night -- let's see if tonight will be the same . 
ugh 
grwah 
fucking shit biscuits i need a form of entertainment other than MYSELF . While I do tend to keep myself pretty entertained with myself , myself is growing restless with myself . Myself feels as though myself is a lame-o-retardo and myself's antics no longer impress myself . 
FUCK MYSELF :D 
http://www.ringlingbeatsanimals.com/ 
- insatiable . 
The moonlight plays upon your skin . A kiss that lingers takes me in . I fall asleep inside of you . There are no words , there's only truth . 
i hunger 
i hunger ! 
fucking flies are driving me crazy !!! 
You better < PROPFIRST > my words ; I come with no regards for anyone . 
I love you < PROPFIRST > . 
Time marches on . 
Ugh , what is up with parents giving their children bottles and putting them in diapers at 2/3yrs old ? At a year , they should be half-way weaned off the bottle , or completely off , and six months after they're walking/running good , they should be potty trained . =\\ 
onomnonomnomnomnom 
http://www.fubiz.net/2010/07/27/milas-daydreams/ 
THUNDATHIGHS 
Glance into the world just as though time were gone : and everything crooked will become straight to you . 
Spend all your time waiting for that second < PROPMALE > . For the break that will make it okay . There's always some reason to feel not good enough . And it's hard at the end of the day . I need some distraction , oh beautiful release . Memories seep from my veins . Let me be empty and weightless , and maybe I'll find some peace tonight . 
If all the world was perfect , I would only ever want to see your scars . ? 
If all the world was smiling , I would only ever want to see your frown . <3 
I have lost my illusions , I have drowned your words . I have left my confusion to a cynical world . I am throwing myself at things I don't understand . Discover enlightenment holding your hand . You are beautiful . 
Whatever . 
I need to dye my hair ... but what color ? 
Anything that you bring , I'mma tame . 
There are no bonds between a mastermind of Armageddon , and the ones who vomit forth their fabrication of a life that is blinded by lies . 
The horizons of chaos ; the fallen grip the sand , last breath , last stand . The horizons of chaos ; content with dying , the hopeless keep trying . Warriors to walk the paths of the dead . All is lost , kiss your cross . 
The horizons of chaos ; whores of war , on their knees , begging for mercy . High noon above the dunes , corpses caress these ruins . Drifting cross the wastelands , the siren starts to chant ; fire in her eyes , bringing the blackened skies . 
A sacred blood will spill . She'll bask in their ashes . A sacred blood will spill . She'll bask in their scorching ashes . 
We watched them come from the depths but we couldn't see it ' till we looked in their eyes . Behind the mask the demon resides , the meat was stripped from their bones . WE DESTROY . Burn it all down , put them back underground , this is a day that I promise you will not forget . 
When all the angels fall from the sky and all the demons arise from the earth , there will be a force to reckon with and you will be destroyed . 
We stood the test of time , we ran our fucking lives , we shut you out , stood our ground yet we're still alive , stand united , break the silence , we are taking it from here , were coming up , were breaking out , you've looked down on me , I'm coming down on you . 
I’ll find you don’t bother hiding . I know when you’re alone I will fulfill myself . Now you’re begging me to let you go . I laugh at such pitiful cries . Sodomizing your orifice . Now you crawl away . Worthless . Wretched . Foul slut . Open throat profuse bleeding . Pray . 
grrrruurrrrrrgraaaawwwwwgurrrr 
Alright : You talk shit and it does nothing but allows another ignorant-minded , and self-righteous person to reply back with some ' gangsta ' bullshit . So , the point is ? Sure , you ' think ' it's funny , haha , but it's really fucking annoying . Unless something actually /MEANS/ something to you , why the fuck you wasting your time on shit/people that don't matter ? 
And if really does mean something to you , you're going to be defending it with a lot more than some trivial words . Bitches , wake up . This is called stupidity ; you're quite familiar with it , yet you haven't understood it . 
intergalactic werewolves 
Press 1 if you are on fire , please press 2 if someone is going to stab you , press 3 if you have been stabbed and are currently bleeding to death , please press 4 if you are stabbing someone . Thank you and have a nice day . 
My bro will be running in the Derby tomorrow , as will a few other friends . His car is B055 ( Boss ) , < PROPMALE > Prine . Woohoo . 
- :) 
- a thousand splendid suns . 
You make my data circuits skip a beat . 
Who looks outside , dreams . Who looks inside , awakens . 
had the craziest most fucked up dream ever . 
FUCKING BORED 
My bro ( < PROPMALE > Prine , BO55 ) placed first in his heat , and got a trophy and fifty bucks . Woohoo . Too bad I didn't get to go though . =( 
SLEEEEP ... please visit me . 
fucking stressed outtt 
So , I'm allergic to the sun -- and I had been innit all morning . I've had hives til just now , and felt like shittt . FUCK YOU SUN . ( Reminder for tomorrow : take my medication . D: ) 
Hey anybody have any updates on the man at the Derby last night that got hurt ? 
i has booty 
I am going to FUCKING SLEEP . victory is mine . 
Got about three hours of sleep ... guess I can't complain . 
< PROPFIRST > SHAVED OFF HIS BEARD . D: D: D: 
No sleep is giving my vision tracers . 
I'm going to cut you open like a fucking pig , peel away the flesh and drain out your veins . This time you will not forget the images of those you have denied . Fuck you , get the fuck out . My face will be the last thing you see . You better < PROPFIRST > my words i come with no regards for anyone . 
This time you bow to me my lord . I come with no regards for anyone . We are out for blood . The wolves are set free tonight , cant escape this attack . You better < PROPFIRST > my words , I come with no regards for anyone 
My daughter will be a year old in twenty-one days .... I DENY THIS . IT CANNOT HAPPEN . D: 
SLEEP ?!?! 
Bah . 
I'm going to cut you open like a fucking pig , peel away the flesh and drain out your veins . This time you will not forget the images of those you have denied . Fuck you , get the fuck out . My face will be the last thing you see . You better < PROPFIRST > my words I come with no regards for anyone . 
Faith divides us , Death unites us 
So I just listened to this ' Attack Attack ' -- and my conclusion : it's alright at first , until they start singing like they're heartbroken ( moreso than typically ) emos . And even when it's ' tolerable ' ... it still sucks . 
Time manipulates your heart , preconceptions torn apart . Begin to doubt my state of mind . But I won't go down on what I said ; I won't retract convictions read . I may perplex , but I'm not blind 
Put time , in a capsule . Two minds , consensual . Entwined , to perfection . If we could ... 
I've got a dream to take you over . Exploding like a supernova , I'm gonna crash into your world . And that's no lie . If there's a way to infiltrate you , sway your mind and complicate you , I'm gonna crash into your world . And that's no lie 
Is love really the tragedy the way you might describe ? Or would a thousand lovers still leave you cold inside ? 
mmph ! 
gasoline filled super-soakers 
baaah 
All my bones are dust , ( rough hands , rough days ) ( Two people too damaged too much too late ) ... and my heart's sealed with rust . ( rough hands , rough season ) ( Two people too damaged too much too late)\ 
\ 
That song brings back so many good ... and bad memories . Oh , nostalgia . 
REBELUTION 
I hope you find the courage to grow . 
Because there's nothing in the world that you can't get . So don't fill your life with confusion and regret . You better take some chances right now . 
You're gonna find yourself , somewhere , somehow . 
My fingers trace the exit wound . 
I want abs . D: 
She likes it where she gets it , but it's never felt the same . 
Acid Bath gives me orgasms . 
I hope it fucking pooourrrs . I would be a very happy bear . 
Finally getting tired but cant sleep yet . 
FUCK MY LIFE ... seriously . <3333333 
& GOODNIGHT , dammit . 
Tired , sore and getting sick . D: 
Napping , hoping to wake up feeling a bit better . =| 
So sore from belly dancing . You'd be surprised what muscles you use , damn . 
does not feel well at all . D: 
baahh 
the truth will come out , i don't mind waiting 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is amazing . 
\To perceive is to suffer . \"" 
Son , your life's an open book , don't close it before it's done . 
I hurt myself today -- To see if I still feel I focus on the pain -- The only thing that's real -- The needle tears a hole -- The old familiar sting -- Try to kill it all away -- But I remember everything 
Folger's black silk coffee + Belgium chocolate toffee creamer + a double shot + epic music = wonderfully creative morning writing . :D 
FACEBOOK IS SRS BUSINESS . Take everything you see and hear on here to heart because it is SRS . 
Oh . My . God . I cannot wait for Season Five of < PROPMALE > . :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - Butterflies ; amazing . 
Good friends we've lost along the way . In this great future , you can't forget your past . So dry your tears , I say . No woman , no cry ; no woman , no cry . [ one of the most beautiful songs of all time ] 
BEER PONG 
so lost for so long I cannot tell how in my mind and what moment in time I woke up in this cell 
blahblahblah 
lololol 
You & I wake up in jail . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say . ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . ) Fair is fair 
coffffeeee 
But sometimes at night ... I conjure you up in my mind . Are you where you want to be ? 
HATERS HATERS ... they be SRS 
I sleep the last mile , on our way to Endsville , yeah . 
Cadence got her FIRST TOOTH . Bwahha , I am excited . Her left front one . & The two bottom ones are right at the surface . It's about time ! <3 <3 Cadence Tala 
Night night time . Exhausted . 
damn . 
anyways , if you play doom forge , add me . 
I play Doom Forge , City of Wonder , and Pot Farm -- so please DON'T send me requests for other games . 
Left Behind book series . <3 
inner turmoil 
add me :) 
Cadence Tala ~ Born 9/2/09 at 8:36 AM . Happy Birthday , precious . I love you . <3 <3 <3 
Why do I feel like shit all of a sudden ? 
So borreeeddd . 
MY CROTCH HURTS . Fuck you bicycle . 
Self-respect anyone ? Stupid people . 
TOO ENERGETIC FOR NORMAL SPORTS 
you'll feel like a FIGHTER JET made of BICEPS 
warning : may contain < PROPFEMALE > kournikova 
TURBOPUNS 
ATTENTION : Three and half year old peach-faced lovebird - $20 . I don't really care about the money , but she comes with her cage , all the toys , her food and water dish , plus the rest of her food . With my busy life I can't pay much attention to her , so it's time for her to have a new home . Contact me on here if you're interested . 
Fuck . I was suppose to get up at 10am , but < PROPFIRST > turned my alarm off . =( 
Nap time . 
I miss my red hair . D: 
hydrogen , hydrogen , oxygen , sperm of zeus ! 
You better < PROPFIRST > my words , I come with no regards for anyone . 
I'm gonna take you . To a place far from here . No one will see us . Watch the pain as it disappears . 
Creeper 
I feel like having some deep , intellectual conversation . Or , unveiling something . Restless , I suppose . 
Been playing Diablo II all night , xD 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , just to see if they notice . 
I don't get why women will stay with a man when they treat them like shit , lie to them , cheat on them , etc . Do you even respect yourself ? Or are you just a piece of meat ? 
I have been playing Diablo II for so long , I'm having dreams . xD 
bah 
wtf ?! 
When I hold Cadence on my chest and she falls asleep to my heartbeat , I know that I am forever hers and she is forever mine . No love will ever rival it , the bond between mother and child . She saved me , completed me , and has already taught me so much . Cadence Tala , I love you . 
I must say that this 50 inch looks pretty sexy sitting there on my entertainment center . 
beware of the asocial artistry\ 
it is the husk of depravity\ 
behold the circle around me\ 
introduce the parasite to catastrophe\ 
it is the far and near that you never hear\ 
it is the never and forever that you fear 
Trying their wings once more in hopeless flight : Blind moths against the wires of window screens . Anything . Anything for a fix of light . 
We must not look at goblin men , We must not buy their fruits : Who knows upon what soil they fed Their hungry thirsty roots ? 
Nothing farther then he uttered—not a feather then he\ 
fluttered—Till I scarcely more than muttered , \Other friends have\ 
Don't know what to do ; need advice . 
): 
BORED . :( \ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008 
Oh gracious love , you were so kind to me . You only broke my heart ; let my arms and legs stay strong . So I could swim upon the open sea , searching for another love . Floating along endless . Oh wheeereee arrreee yooouu , looove ? Tell where are you , love ? I will wait for you another night , cause I know you won't leave me behind . Oh wheeeree arreee yooou , loooove ? 
I had someone , a love I thought was true . But sometimes you just get tired , and you must try not to die . And give your love , though n o-o ne may receive . You must build a giant fire , for the whole wide world to see . Oh , wheere areee youu , love ? Tell me , where have you gone ? I will wait for you , another night cause I know you won't leave me behind . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Vaughan completes me . 
I will never understand myself , but that is a beautiful thing . (: 
lost 
mmm . mm . 
hmphh 
You don't care ; if you did , you'd be here . Plain and simple . 
i just don't understand . why is this happening ? 
fuck you all , you don't care . thanks . 
sitting here all by my lonesome , fucking sucks . 
Fuck . I've put in 20+ hrs on Fable III , my game glitched and then auto-saved . ARRGH 
Computer is fucked up , so if you have my number you know what to do . 
All these lucid emotions and no safe place to put them . 
No man can hold what the darkness can sow ... Gonna leave an ugly skull when you go . 
The sound of the ocean is dead , it's just the < PROPFEMALE > of the blood in your head . 
Right . Whatever . Go on with your life . 
baaah . fuck it . 
Dead girl ; there will never be another one that screams like you . When death sleeps , it dreams of you . 
everybody here seems to be in their head but me . Twitching , twisting ; beyond alone , spiritless and out of context . Ultra-violet beam . Everybody's eyes seem to ooze from their faces . The sun sets in reverse , the devil's gonna dream when he gets home , of the ants upon the bones . 
My love for you has no distance -- this is still true . 
I can't wait for me Kindle . 
New phone tomorrow , whoohoo , will post number then 
Spectro tripping on love . 
my new number is 3168040508 
I suppose it is Facebook ' official ' , I'm single ... 
wtf ... Cadence is dancing to < PROPMALE > Astley .... 
pretty hate machine . 
i guess this is just how it is suppose to be . A black hole where you once were . Only time will recede the darkness . Time for a super hot bath to make me feel better . 
Bleep bloop 
your biggest secret is one you cant keep . lift up your head if you're only sleeping . you try to hold onto reason ; why cant you see that you're leaving ? my love for you knows no distance , but it cant fight your resistance . I am a witness to your demise . 
i am the one who saw through the lies 
ugh . Shit sucks 
this feeling will never go away ... 
no man can hold what the darkness can sew . gonna leave an ugly skull when ya go . 
hey , perverts from < PROPFEMALE > and iraq ... QUIT TRYING TO ADD ME ! Grawugh . 
i am pretty much at the point where i just dont care anymore . Do whatcha gonna do , you have no one to please . :) 
so many moons that we have seen ... stumbling back next to me . I've seen right through and underneath . And you make me better ... 
you've used up all your coupons . And all you've got left is me . & somehow im full of forgiveness . I guess its meant to be . 
Well , I've seen a palace in London ... I've seen a castle in Wales . But I'd rather wake up beside you and breathe that old familiar smell . I never thought you could leave me , I figured I was the one . But , I understand your sadness ... So I guess I should just hold my tongue . 
time to get the bleach and clean ... 
the lines that define begin to grey and fade . 
mmmm . Today is already wonderful . :) 
it's too late baby , there's no turning around . I've got my hands in my pocket & my head in a cloud . This is how i do , when i think about you . 
and the fog forming on my window tells me that the morning's here and you'll be gone before too long . Who taught you those new tricks ? Damn , I shouldnt start that talk but life is one big question when you're staring at the clock . And the answer's always waiting at the liquor store . 40 ounces to freedom , so I'll take that walk . 
shut up , so what , what does it matter now ? I was swimming in the haze ... now I crawl on the ground . & Everything I never liked about you , is kind of seeping into me . 
This lie of a life can as quickly as it came , dissolve . We seek only reprieve and welcome the darkness . The myth of a meaning so lost and forgotten . Take hold of my hand , for you are no longer alone ; Walk With Me In Hell . 
STARFUCKERS 
in a phrase to cut these lips , i loved you . 
mmmmm 
8 cute little christmas puppies ... who wants one ? 
blah . I need something to cuddle with ... 
been fiending for you every night . 
whoever is fucking with me better stop before i find out who it is . >.< 
white sound , ocean of dreams . 
what if she touches with those fingertips , as the words spill out like fire from her lips ? &if she says come inside i'll come inside for her . if she says give it all , i'll give everything to her . i am justified . i am purified . i am sanctified . inside you . 
2010 is almost over ! Confess something to me . :) 
all i want for christmas is you . 
cant wait til christmas night . 
< PROPFEMALE > dancer beast 
Except for the extra drama my christmas was perfect . :) 
Mwah 
I swear I just found everything I need . The sweat in your eyes , the blood in your veins are listening to me ... Well , I wanna drink it up & swim in it until I drown . My moral standing , is lying down ... 
Nothing quite like the feel of something new . Maybe I'm all messed up , maybe I'm all messed up - maybe I'm all messed up in you . 
definitely ready to put this year behind me and bring in the new one . :) 
i've been feeling , wake up in the late night , dreaming about your lovings . 
fuck it all n leave me the hell alone . :/ 
no way ! Sepultura Tour 2011 ?!? Please come to KS 
you say you want passion , i think you found it . 
i gave u everythin you never fukn had ! Gave u all the room n courage to grow . Changed u from some punk into a decent fukn man . But for some reason - in the end , i always get fukd . Im done with sharing n caring n being fukn nice with people when theyll jus turn around n leave u stripped ! 
every time you fucked around , every lie you told , every time you said that you never loved me - cheating on me when I was pregnant . I always forgave n forgot but now I see how much of a fool I was . I should have kicked you to the curb when you first showed your true colors but I was blinded by love . No longer do I look through a vision of perserverance but now a vision of fucking red ! 
an ocean of alien mystery 
queaming quivering queevers . 
i dont even think im worth it anymore . Ive been trying to outrun my demons for years . But if i relinquish them and all my anger and sadness ... What do I have left ? Big black holes where the last pieces of me were ? 
im ready . more than you'll ever know . :) 
jezebel 
Would a thousand lovers still leave you cold inside ? 
Your kiss , your fist , and your strain ... it gets under my skin . Within . Take in the extent of my skin . You give me the anger , you give me the nerve . 
< PROPFEMALE > out my sentence , I get what I deserve . I'm just and effigy to be disgraced , to be defaced . Your need for me has been replaced . 
one day I will have your blood on my hands . That's all I have to say . 
what i used to think was me , is just a fading memory ... \ 
i looked her right in the eye and said , ' goodbye ' . 
what the fuck is up with the zodiac changing ? Im a gemini not a taurus ! 
riding out on them percs . 
Don't be afraid of the dark , you're still held up by the stars ; the light will < PROPFEMALE > us oooover . 
there's nothing left for me to hide . I lost my ignorance , security and pride . I'm all alone in this world you must despise . I believe your promises , your promises and lies ... 
i never get jealous when i see my ex with someone else because my momma taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate . (: ;p 
chew me up , spit me out . Enjoy the taste i leave in your mouth . (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > makes my day . {: 
hate feeling insecure ... nervous . Lol 
Sister , I been trippin ' in your sky . I woke up adrift , inna technicolor bliss ... ten million < PROPMALE > high . 
sleep ... where are you ? Too many thoughts on my mind ... 
i live tranquilized . Im numb and unfeeling , so i just burn and stare at the ceiling . Im here ... but so far away . I see your mouth moving , but cant hear what you say . And i dont think i give a fuck anyway . (: 
when Death sleeps , It dreams of you . 
needing ... wanting ... fiending ... for you . 
This lie of a life can as quickly as it came , dissolve . We seek only reprieve and welcome the darkness . The myth of a meaning , so lost and forgotten . Take hold of my hand for you are no longer alone ; Walk With Me In Hell . 
Go ! Go ! Go ! Blood makes the grass grow ! 
she likes it where she gets it , but its never felt the same . 
Now I got that feeling once again ... I cant explain , you would not understand . This is not how I am . I have become , Comfortably Numb . 
accept me for me . 
i cut myself again and again to remind myself of you . 
i hate these sleepness nights ... I really need to work on putting myself together because the pieces have been scattered for too long now . I just want to feel normal ... happy ... content ... alive . But instead i lay here night after night , staring blankly into an empty and dark room . I am pathetic . 
the rest of the world is awakening and I still havent found any sleep . 
so fucking bored . Today sucks . Tomorrow will be jus the same . Woohoo . 
I guess that's just how the cookie crumbles ... 
got up all super early for my doctors apt , but had to cancel because of the roads and momma was called in . Awwwesome . 
is missing that one person ... pretty badly . 
< PROPFEMALE > fell and scratched her tummy . ;,( 
stuck at home again . Awesome . So fucking bored . 
Well , tonight just turned to shit . Awesome . 
I feel a lil better . Maybe now I can get some sleep . Miss you ! 
I don't want these memories ... Please , someone take them away . :/ 
I have had a headache for over twenty-four hours now . . . That can't be normal . Fuck ! I just want some sleep , dammit . 
Heating up this rice bag and going to bed ! Finally . 
I jus ' have to say ... I love my daughter beyond fathom . She is the reason for my life . 
That was really sweet and unexpected . (: (: 
I could set the world on fire . 
We creep the night , jus ' to taste the thrill . I'm addicted to her , she's my bitter pill . 
Cadence can sure be a brat when she's sick but she makes up for it when she's super sweet and falls asleep on my chest . (: Love you , bbygrl . 
Take under wing all the ones who are lost . \ 
Build around them an infinite wall . \ 
Don't you know just who I am ? \ 
Take the hand of wisdom's friend . \ 
What is my name ? 
Missing him . :) : 
Yaaay ! I got my andriod . Weee . Had a fun day . :) { miss youuu } 
The lines that define ... begin to grey and fade . 
Weeee 
No point in going to bed at 8am . Sleep , where were you ? 
Woke up to a killer earache . Fuck 
< PROPFEMALE > car bombs . Boom ! 
{ ~ missss youuuu ~ } 
Wow . My night just went to shit ... Anger will always show honesty , although many people may disagree . But that hateful thing you spat in the tide of your anger , is 
... just a lil piece of honesty . 
Fuck . :( 
Why do you say such mean , hateful things at me ? Do you just want to hurt me ? 
How hard is it to keep your house/space clean ? Are people just lazy , or do they like wallowing in filth ? 
:( 
I'm bored . Someone entertain me . ;_; 
No matter how hard I try , it will never be enough . Which circles around into , why even try in the first place ? 
Facebook isn't the place for such ; was deleted . 
O_O ;;;; 
I know how high the grass will grow . We'll leave our skins outside the door . It will be like it was before . I forgot I was alive . 
Night is the notion everything sleeps beneath . We are the explosion , in which lies the dream . 
We spoke upon the stars up in the night , \How'd you ever get so high ? \ " \ 
.... 
Sleep , i guess 
Hello , Darkness . Did you miss me in my short absence ? I will always return to you , old friend . 
Haven't sleep yet ... need something to do today . :/ 
I loaned you three hundred dollars , paid your phone , turned it back on , etc . I was always fucking sweet to you . And this is how I'm repaid ? Dumped through texts messages . Hunnie , that's just comical . 
Occupying my mind , finally . Can't stand to be alone with my thoughts anymore\ 
o.o ; 
I better get some sleep tonight . Seriously . Or I may snap tomorrow , lol . 
:/ :/ blahblah 
Motherfucker . >:O 
is going to color her picture and forget about the world . : > 
What do I have to do to escape these feelings ? How far do you run before you fall and how high do you jump before you're lost in the infinite sky ? How deep do you dig your grave before crawling in ? Where is the fucking END ? 
He said : sleep without dreams tonight . \ 
Oh , how I wish . 
RIP , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . :/ 
You all are a blessed bunch with nightnightsleepytime . :/ fuckers . This is my fourth night . Wtf . 
Siiiiigh . 
Urge to kill the sky . 
What could have been ? 
This will be my first night , home alone , without Cadence . :s 
I just need someone to listen ... not to judge , laugh , or scoff . Im just human . :/ 
Only God can judge me - everyone else needs to stop being so self righteous . : < I make mistakes , but I learn from them . I would rather crawl by myself , than be carried by someone else . 
I live tranquilized . 
I would like to tell everyone thank you for caring . Even though I'm not exactly the sharing type , I do sincerely appreciate it . 
I bet you feel powerful with me in the palm of your hand , squeezing to make me squeal when you please . 
Sublime and cleaning makes my day better . (: 
Hmmmm 
< PROPMALE > Sarkozy has called for air strikes against Gaddafi's regime if his forces use chemical weapons or launch air strikes against civilians . -- Seriously ? SMH 
Uggghh ! 
I'm not sure what is wrong this morning , but something just isn't right ? 
Original Sin , corrupting the freshly born ... 
Ronie&Lena : You guys have stuck with me all the way . Even when I was young , and stupid ; a user and a fighter , and when I never gave a shit about myself , you guys did . :) 
It's one of those mornings when you wake up with a grin on your face . Lmao . 
Thinking bout taking a lil nap . (: 
Siiiiiigh . Bored . 
Sleep ? \ 
Please . 
I can see your mouth moving , but cant hear what youre saying . And i dont think i give a fuck anyways 
Sky and Earth , your cradle ; Sky and Earth entomb you . 
My fingers trace the exit wound ... by graveyard light . 
On my way back from dropping < PROPFEMALE > off in Wichita ... and now have this intense urge to clean . Guess I know what I'll be doing when i get home , haha . :D 
I'm definitely not cleaning right now , huh ? Lmao . Teehee . 
Tell me what I have to do to make this right ? For us to be normal again ... the regret is like a huge lump in my throat ; knowing that some things can never -c 
( Continued ) regain their shape without being disassembled and put back together . :/ 
I'm gonna try and get some sleep . My thoughts have me up til 5am ,... again . 
Hmm . Well , I felt sleepy . Not so much , anymore . Siiiigh . Lol . Someone shoot me . 
So ... today is the day . Going to Prairieview to get counseling . I can't keep doing this , I haven't slept right in a month . My demons keep me up at night and 
linger into the day . I need to get better . The longer I wait , the pieces of me scatter farther . I have felt this small piece of happiness the last few days , but 
once the night blankets the world and I am alone , I just fall apart . I can't stand being alone with myself . Fuck . I am so ready to feel better . 
People in my life , Cadence most importantly , deserve a better me . I have no other choice but to fix this . She is the best motivation I could ever have . ILLYBBYGRL . 
:) mmmph . 
Smile . 
Boooooooo o-o ooooo ... 
Need to clean and do dishes , but I have no motivation . 
As < PROPFEMALE > would say , ' the perfect picture always gets infected ' . 
Not sure if I wanna get up to eat or just lay here til I go to sleep , again . Yes'm , I slept last night ! A good eights hrs of sleep . Its amazing , luls . 
It is BEAUTIFUL outside !! 
I have internet , woohoo . 
Boreeeed ... what shall I do tonight ? 
That ' < PROPMALE > Hall of Shame ' BS is actually quite hilarious . I laughed , rEDONKAously . But , it's rather unnecessary . AND whoever is doing it can be located through an IP address and charged with slander and harrassment ., JUST SAYING . ;) 
Oh , wow . I have been enlightened . Thank you , Facebook . O_O ;; 
The worse part was , I almost spent enough time in the jail cell to loose my tongue piercing . That would have been sad . D: No worries , elsewhere though . =D \ 
Did you know giving a false statement to the police is called ' obstructing justice' ? It's a nifty little piece of info I felt like sharing tonight . There are other little nifty pieces of info , but they're all mine . ;D 
Well , my night went to shit . :( Laying Cadence down and going to sleep myself . 
Also , just made the decision - no more drinking for me , not even a beer . 
:( :( 
You , my dear , are a mistake . (: 
Since I can't have contact with you -- I'm going to post it here . You know who you are , and I'm sure others do to . My message is : You can fix this . But you prefer not to . And that is YOUR own fault . Correct your mistake , and your life will return . Otherwise , this is going to be a battle . That is all . 
It's finally that time of the year again ... LOOK TWICE -- SAVE A LIFE , MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE !! Repost this to your status to remind all of your family/friends that it is motorcycle season , and taking a few extra seconds to take a second look will save lives of our loved ones . Give them their fair share of the roadway ! PLEASE REPOST , even if your are not a rider you likely know someone who is . 
Wow . You will walk the same path , every day ; making the same mistakes , over and over again . Don't you ever tire of yourself ? Ever take a look back ; disgusted ? You should . 
I've been told blood makes the grass grow ! 
Court today . D: 
If you succeed in cheating someone , don't think that the person is a fool . Realize that the person trusted you much more than you deserved . 
Right now , I rip apart the things inside that excite you . Right now , I can't control myself I fucking hate you ! 
Phantasmal specter of two worlds collide . Planetoid soaked in rays of electric light . Stoner caravan from deep space arrives Rides on the suncraft toward the glowing eye . 
Testing in the morning from 9AM to Noon . Awesome . D: And I'm sick . 
There is no reason , other than an act of God , that I am up at this time . WTF . I better ace this testing or I'mma ... stomp my foot , or something relevant like that . >,< 
First off ; if you're thinking that you're going to ' get with me ' , fuck off . Secondly ; I don't date drunks . 
Going to Rockfest , anybody else going ? 
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life . A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time . ” 
I could use a cold beer . D: 
NO I DO NOT LIKE THE WAY YOU LIE , AND NO I DON'T LIKE THE WAY IT HURTS . Wtf is it with that song and the faggotry it produces ? ` O_o 
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime . 
THIS IS MY MASTURBORIUM ! YOU ARE USING MY BLANKET !! 
DRAGONAUT BY SLEEP . \\m/ 
So ... I've let my hair grow out for ... six months now ... without dying it . =o But , MY ROOTS ARE UGLY . D: I think I going back to dark burgundy . ^-^ 
Empty is the urge to devour . 
I just had an awesome night . Drunk , then sobered up with coffee . Slept two hours the night before last and still haven't been to bed . xD 
I HAVE INSUFFICIENT FUCKS TO GIVE ! :D 
So , I'm pretty sore from going through that moshpit three times . =p 
Corpse Penis Eaten By Rectum 
If you need me , text me : 3162479161 
Wow . It's gonna be okay . Chill out . O__O ; 
I am actually super pumped for the Typhon show tomorrow night . ;D Belphegor , too . 
So ... incredibly .... tired . :p Time to listen to Sleep , Electric Wizard ... maybe some Bongzilla . ^-^ \ 
Goodnight , world . 
What is up with /everyone/ poking me ? o , o ; 
Typhon was brutal . Fuck those FAGGOTS that cut their time . How fucking uppity and disrespectful . 
We spoke upon the stars up in the night\ 
How'd you ever get so high\ 
Gonna try and drown or drink the river dry\ 
May the ghost lay by my side 
It's a recognition of the somber travels that we all make and the somber conversations that we < PROPFEMALE > on within our heads when no one else is around and all you hear are the frogs croaking at night , off in the distance , as you sit like a stunned , but awake lump . 
I am so bored . 
THE END IS NIGH ... It's this Saturday , in fact . 
We wither and blow ... where the smoke goes . Closing my eyes to the sunlight . Withering tonight . One thing is certain ... the rest is a lie . One thing is certain , life flies . We wither and blow ... where the smoke goes . Closing my eyes to the sunliiiiiiight . 
/is taking lunch . Been testing since fucking 9AM . Someone SAVE me . D: 
WE ARE THE EXPLOSIOOOOOON !! YEEEEAAAHHHH ! 
Fingered slowly , like the first time you came . The agents of oblivion descend upon the sane . Caked with mud and mother's blood ... playing death games in the rain . And we wonder how it feels to be free . I thought I heard them whisper mutiny ... living room rape-scenes . We cut their throats while we slept . Dreaming and digesting shards of turtle shell . 
The television's blaring ... and the ghost of Hitler speaks .... crowned with barbed wire . I smear my warm semen on the walls of my oppression . I accuse God for the murder of eternity ... my everything that is nothing . Christian propaganda and dog sperm . THE BEAUTIFUL DOWNGRADE . 
She was talkin ' bout conspiracy ; talkin ' bout takin ' sides . I was masturbating just contemplating .... the cold love of suicide . 
You think that because you&your girlfriend are being stupid that I will bend to your will just because I HAD a thing for you ? No . It doesn't work like that and it never will . I don't ' hook up ' with people for the simple fact that I might be lonely . And to think that I would give you such a privilege makes you one BENT MOTHERFUCKER . :D Unlike half of < PROPMALE > , I'm not a slut that likes to be used . ;D Kick rocks , dude . 
\Toubabo Koomi\ " is Cajun French for \ " land of the white cannibals . \"" 
SOMEBODY FUCKING ENTERTAIN ME . NAAAOOO ! ( 3162479161 ) 
Cotton < PROPFEMALE > hits . ;D 
The locust swarm from open mouths that sang ... THY KINGDOM COME ! The shotgun's warm , the room is red . The sky is always gray ; and underneath the godless gray .... a billion corpses pray 
Am I the only one not the give a shit about this < PROPFIRST > Savage bullcrap ? 
... and all the feelings come flooding back ! A nightmare within my dreams of reality , shifting and dragging the septic waters of my psyche . -insert more emo babblings- 
I love you , Cadence Tala Bland . <333 
Cadence keeps taking her diaper off ! I look at her once , and she has it on , and her pants . Next time I look at her , BAM , she's naked ! 
WHAT THE FUCK is up with guys lately ? GET OFF MY JOCK . 
apocalyptic sunshine 
rawr . i have awoken . 
Went to the lake and chilled the fuck out , enjoying the sunshine . I wish I could wander free forever , with nothing tied to me , nor tied to anything . Drifting . 
She is infected with giant apocalypse surviving cockroaches . /o , 0 ;\ " , 2011-05-22 02:13:19 " 
Hmm ... woke up feeling all weird . Today is going to suck . 
I'm not understanding the controversy on my ' relationship status ' . I'm single , isn't that what it says ? People are nosy motherfuckers . 
The Rapture happened , didn't you see it ? We're ALL left behind . /goes to PILLAGE AND RAPE her neighbors . 
a cloud of flies obscure the sun\ 
a stone is dropped the dream undone\ 
ripples grow and ride the tide\ 
the dead things crawl from deep inside 
A highway of emptiness and I'm gettin ' bored 
“The pessimist complains about the wind ; the optimist expects it to change ; the realist adjusts the sails . ” 
\We live but for a moment . \ " - < PROPMALE > Aurelius " 
\When you stare into an abyss ... the abyss also stares into you . \ " -Friedrich Nietzsche " 
I HAVE MY PASSWORD SAVED ON MY COMPUTER HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALSFDALSDFLJAKSLDFASJLDFJLKA ; SDLJFSADLFASJLKFDJKLSADFJKLASFDLSAFLJKASJLK ; FJFKL ;S ANYBODY CAN LOG IN LAWLAWLAWLAWLALWAWLAWL I'M GAY 
Rise , black amps tear the sky\ 
Feedback will free your mind and set you free\ 
Riff hewn altar wreathed in smoke and weed 
Through the virgin universe , upon his back we played\ 
Creating and destroying with the music we made\ 
Undulate the cosmic rhythm , galaxies were born\ 
Clouds of blue , fluorescent dunes , spreading out before\ 
Yeah 
/says goodnight to the wooorrrld . 
Ooh , you deleted me off Facebook . Is that your final revenge ? What's next , you throw a Fruit Loop at the back of my head and expect it to hurt ? 
/is currently reading The Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead 
a tower stands on the edge of time\ 
upon it stands the astral mind\ 
the burning chaosphere seethes behind\ 
ours to see , but we are blind 
i hope your fuckin ' world fuckin ' burns away\ 
i'd kill you all if i had my way\ 
but i'll live forever , questions curse me why\ 
oh lord above , why won't you let me die ? 
Love eats its own\ 
no matter how fast it grows\ 
Love eats its own 
I'm thinking that a nap sounds WONDERFUL right now . 
Peeling her face of skin\ 
Flesh fiend consumes within\ 
Crawl on the blood red tile\ 
Slashing with butchers knife\ 
Bleeding an open sea\ 
Death now devours she\ 
Loving her horrid cries\ 
Fucking her as she dies 
I AM SO FUCKING BORED . SOMEONE CORRECT THIS ! 
i thought i heard your song in my head ... \ 
... but it was my own\ 
i'm your thing in a jar ... \ 
... all illuminated 
You know those Facebook games where you have to answer questions honestly ? Well , I just chugged some < PROPFIRST > Daniels , so I figured now is the best time . Inbox only . :p 
Sometimes I get depressed , then I remember I have a great ass and its all ok :) ... LAWL 
It's nights like this I hate being single . :p 
We're meat , and that's it \ 
So let's fuck it , fuck it , fuck it \ 
So let's fuck it , fuck it , fuck it , fuck it , fuck it \ 
Fuck it , yeah 
NIGGER MORTIS 
I guess I should climb into my lonely bed , and go to sleep . 
RIP OFF CLITS ! \ 
YES . \ 
YES\ 
WITH PLIERS\ 
FUCK YES\ 
NAH . \ 
I scrape them off with SPORKS\ 
< PROPMALE > sporks\ 
it's like ... \ 
eating a CLAM\ 
LAWL 
Agents of Oblivion Descend Upon The Sane . 
FUCK 
empty is the urge to devour 
You're a dead motherfucker . Wading through a world of shit . You were born to die like this . The fiends nod off after bloodsex and blasphemy . Tell me do you exist ? You were born to die like this ... for me . < PROPFEMALE > smeared red with conspiracy . 
/says goodnight to the worrrrrld . 
AWHFUCK . I lost my labret barbell . 
I will talk to whoever I want . I will say whatever I want . There's not a fucking thing you can do about it . It's called control over my own actions and thoughts . Simple FUCKING QUESTIONS should not turn into fucking arguments . How fucking trivial . Again , I will do what I want . You're not a part of my life anymore . Fuck off . 
I'm going to start wearing my hair as a shirt . :D 
BORED . AS . FUCK . 
I'm numb and unfeeling \ 
So I just burn and stare at the ceiling \ 
I'm here but so far away \ 
I see your mouth movin ' but can't hear what you say \ 
And I don't think I give a fuck anyway 
Broken glass and dirty needles \ 
Soul erosion truth \ 
Electric god , our superman \ 
Found dead in a telephone booth \ 
Shards of teeth \ 
Ice pick abortions \ 
Orgasmic death , so warm \ 
Let's die screamin ' , black goat semen \ 
I can't hear you whisper \conform \"" 
I am fucking tired of this town . Who is coming to < PROPMALE > with me ? ;3 
the lines that define begin to grey and fade 
I'm not as ' morbid ' as everyone seems to think I am . I do have a thing called compassion . It's just an unnecessary emotion . 
Happy Birthday to me , bitches . I had a FUCKING AWESOME WEEKEND . Well , except for the aggravating parts but they were shrouded with all the good times . ;D 
I am eating a banana after not eating for like two days , while drinking . IT IS DELICIOUS . 
Time for a motherfucking SHOWER . ^ , ~ 
I'm actually really confused right now , and I hate feeling like this . >,< 
I want my abs back . D: 
WHY DO CREEPY GUYS KEEP GETTING MY FUCKING NUMBER ?! GODDAMMIT 
( 785)713-2812 ... this number familiar to anyone ? :o 
/is eating salmon , salad and yoghurt . Nummmy . 
/is laying in bed , watching Vexille , and sipping on some < PROPFIRST > n Coke . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes , everyone . ^ , ~ 
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/__kwF9vKRmNg/SMAQ8d5F2eI/AAAAAAAAG4w/24rrEMrMQxM/s1600-h/fathermed.jpg 
funny hehe not haha 
so i just burn and stare at the ceiling 
Fuck you all . Cannot wait until I am out of this place . :\\ 
I think I just need some alone time . :p 
Head into another end\ 
Thought you'd never see it\ 
Rolled into what begins the end\ 
Thought you'd never believe it\ 
What happened to the perfect plan\ 
In the Electric Machine 
I want to read something interesting . Give me recommendations , please . 
Taking a bubblebath . 
Watching Deathnote all over again . 
I NEED COFFEE FUCKING A 
I laid all I own at the devil's feet\ 
And I have placed a < PROPFEMALE > between the angel's teeth\ 
Night lay beside me , night lay beside me\ 
I wish you could hear what I hear when I'm out there\ 
The stars all seem to burn\ 
And scream into the atmosphere\ 
May grief fall away like leaves from the trees 
Poor Cadence woke up with a nightmare , I think . Crying , shaking , and sweating . :/ 
Why am I up ? 
Bored outta my fucking mind . D: 
Let this river take us where the river knows 
How sweet it was , her teeth against my throat . I'm a ghost gone mad ; an angel in the dope smoke . 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begotten 
Tomorrow/Today is the big day .... . - . 
So bored . D: 
=[ 
I need something to do ... seriously . HELP ME . 
I'm going to start re-watching < PROPMALE > . Even though it's hard for me to do . 
Those things are so trivial now , yet they meant so much back then . 
.... somebody .... entertain .... me ..... 
It's another one of them nights . Where I feel so neurotic .... been cleaning for three hours ... and still going . I guess it is an alright alternative to how I used to deal . 
Done cleaning . Smoking , then bed . /says goodnight to the world . 
< PROPMALE > is a very sexy man . ;) =p 
... Going to talk to my lawyer . Fun , fun . 
and there she was ... on the bathroom floor . there was a small hole in the front of her head ... and a very large hole in the back . \ 
her brains were slowly climbing down the wall beneath her . 
Cadence is up sick again . Came home with a wicked cough . Poor baby . <3 <3 
Well . . . Wtf 
Fucking hot ! Ridiculous ! 
DR . SEUSS IS DEAD ! 
Dr. Seuss is dead ; the dream is swirling , I'm alone , where the streets are paved with bone . Buildings with a hundred eyes , watch me through the swarming flies , \ 
behind shades pulled down tight . Things are growing without light ; hungry things in circles crowd , around TV's turned up too loud .... 
Why in the world do I have 26 pokes ? O__o ;; 
The lie ran down my < PROPFEMALE > like embryo 
So far I've lost 7lbs . . . n_n 
may grief fall away like leaves from the trees 
I SHOULD HAVE BEEN BORN IN THE SIXTIES 
:/ I suppose it's time to lay in bed . . . :p 
Earth and Sky , your cradle ; Earth and Sky entomb you . 
I'm about to be kid-free all weekend . WHAT SHALL I DO ?! :O 
I want a gym membership ! 
I'm taking a nap ! /nods affirmatively . 
Somebody hit me up with something to do . D: 
Don't you think I know what I'm doing . Don't tell me that it's doing me wrong . You're the one who's really a loser ; this is where I feel I belong . 
LAWL : When is a woman too fat to fuck ? ... When you pull her panties down to her knees , and there's still pussy in them ... 
< PROPFEMALE > has crawled out of her crib four times now , and it's on its lowest setting . WTF . 
alien mystery 
Hit me up with something to do tonight . 316-854-9662 
Who wants to drink with me tonight ?! 
Trippin ' on real blood in strange sunshine ... Have you felt such weight upon your eyes ? Sister , I been trippin ' in your sky , I woke up adrift in a technicolor bliss , ten million < PROPMALE > high ... 
May grief fall away like leaves from the trees . 
grawr . 
Burning bodies keep us warm , and have for many years ... 
A stone is dropped ... the dream undone . 
I'm your God machine . . . . I'm your God . 
I just love when everything goes to shit ... 
I think I need coffee if I am to accomplish anything . x , x 
Hmm , should I dye my hair black ? o , o 
^_^ ; 
Do not grieve , for all that you lose comes round in another form . 
/is pretty much pissed off right now . 
Her taste , like blood , on my fingertips . Ghost of brother at my hip . Are you merely the spirit of these bones that shelter me ? ... You spin and spin 
I hate these lonely nights . 
If all death is as bright 
... the vanishing man has madness to sow , there are secrets he knows that have never been told ... 
Well , the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was just the BEST EVAR , y'anno ? . . . . . . . 
Also ; it's pretty UNCOOL to come back to my own house , my own room , with my SHIT missing . 
Just because a woman is lonely , doesn't mean she's desperate . 
I've been thinking ... :) 
I don't need your permission , consent , or approval . I provide that myself . :) 
To the scientist there is the joy in pursuing truth which nearly counteracts the depressing revelations of truth . \ 
H . P . Lovecraft 
People who fall ... usually end up on the ground . :p 
How feeble thy man hast come forth unto Golgotha 
I am ... ridiculously bored . To the point of setting people on fire for amusement . 
It's all just a state of mind . 
I love when steam rolls off me right after a shower , and feeling all silky and smooth . It's gotta be the best thing in life , yo . 
/says goodnight to the world . 
Now I'm all worried , but it's probably nothing . 
I honestly wish I could line up all the -disposable- sluts of < PROPMALE > , and execute them ... who's with me ?! :O 
My life just got a whole lot more greener . ;) 
Make you lose yourself , and finders keepers . 
Happy Father's Day , fathers . :D 
baaaah 
I just love being ignored 
Ssssshhhh .... nocturnal emission . 
I need someone to brush my hair ! D: 
That pretty much shows me right there . Good job . * thumbs up * < /sarcasm > 
Fuck . This . Day . I am going back to bed . 
Grrr . 
I just want to feel some kind of genuine emotion . What am I missing ? 
Ten million < PROPMALE > high . 
“Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent . ”- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Red or black ? 
I had a wonderful weekend . Kind of made me see things in a different light . 
So , now I'm confused as to whether that was a win or fail . 
DARN IT . I hate when things get in the way of my plans . :/ 
I hear bones of an old angel creaking . Long feathered fingers wet with grieving . Heaven is spinal white baby teeth . We've no need for eyes , when we are everything . Let me be your cigarette ... 
Night is the notion ... everything sleeps beneath . <3 
What if she touches with those fingertips ? ; as the words spill out like fire from her lips . If she says come inside , I'll come inside for her . If she says give it all , I'll give everything to her . I am justified . I am purified . I am sanctified . Inside you . 
Heaven's just a rumor she'll dispel ; as she walks me through the nicest parts of Hell . I still dream of lips I never should have kissed . Well , she knows exactly what I can't resist . 
Something said well : \Can't be fucking more people than you can fit on your fingers . \"" 
He's got a gold watch . She's got a silk dress , and healthy breasts that bounce on his italian leather sofa . 
/is off to find sleep ... that elusive bastard . 
I AM THE INTIMIDATOR ! 
Man , I wish I could find my fucking ID . It limits my cigarette buying to the two smoke shops where they recognize me . Anywhere else , they're like , ' what you're like thirteen and trying to buy smokes ?! ' Darnnit . D: 
fuck my life . fuck it all . fuck you ... and you . i'm tired . when do i get to sleep without waking up to the sunshine , fermenting like roadkill in this horrible sunshine of life ? wtf , mayne . why do I have to hurt myself to feel any sort of emotion ? so tired . 
Goddamnit . If people would just listen to me when I gave them advice , they wouldn't end up in the fucked up situations that they do ! Or at least had a little common sense of their own . 
I'm about to start taking heads . Not even playing . 
It's not my fault you got yourself into this situation . You knew the consequences before you did the deed . 
What a fucking joke . Smh . 
Lol , apparently there are people ' out for my blood ' . My address is 422 W . 2nd . Been that for almost four years . Come on over . ;) 
Ugh , I feel so fat today . This heat is going to make me explode . 
I feel like complete utter shit . Flu in the summer ? 
I really hope things can go as planned . \ 
Now time to get my ass in gear even though I still feel like shit pretty much , lol . 
Cold showers are AMAZING . 
I found my ID yesterday . Now I is a happy Bear . ^ , ^ 
Should I dye my hair back to the red/burgundy it was , or all black ? 
Cracking open a cold beer in this 102F weather is like an orgasm . 
I think it would be pretty apparent . . . I guess not . 
I had an awesome weekend . ^ , ~ Thanks to everyone who contributed to that . n_n 
Hmm , I do wonder if anything is still going on tonight ... o_O . 
O___O ; 
Spectro tripping 
I know the pale thing in the darkest of places . 
She asked if it would hurt ... I smiiiiled and said no . :) The lie ran down my < PROPFEMALE > like embyro ... 
The sound of the ocean is dead ... it's just the < PROPFEMALE > of the blood in your head . 
Well , I seem to screw things up constantly . > < 
People wonder why I don't want to be in a relationship . Look at HALF the fucking drama and bullshit on Facebook that over-flows from people's dysfunctional relationships ! Then , you can imagine what goes on in their actual lives , and not what they chose to put on this virtual website . Do you think I want to deal with all that drama , jealously , cunts , and dicks ? [ cont . ] 
No , I don't . Thanks . I did that for three years , already . I've had my fill . 
<--- LAWL at my name change . 
Dammit . :/ 
I'm rather sad . D: 
I suppose I shall watch Cedar Rapids and try to get some sleep . 
OWWWWW HYDROGEN PEROXIDE IN MY EYE !! 
Ripped my fingernail off last night and it's still bleeding everywhere . :/ 
Yeah , I know ... I fucked up . 
Punishment . . . 
No matter what I do , you're always on my mind . 
I am pretty fucking DISPLEASED right now . 
I want an adult ice cream truck in which I can blast Dubstep , namely Borgore , on loudspeakers . YESSS 
Hmmm ... I'm thinking about a hot bubble bath . For some reason , I'm ridiculously sore . 
My babygirl is going to be two in less than sixty days ! X___X I wonder how much it would cost to get her cryogenically frozen ... >__> 
Blah . :/ Bubble bath didn't help , and I'm wide awake . 
Earth to earth\ 
Ashes to ashes\ 
Dust to dust 
So , my mom comes home today with a bunch of ' bigger ' clothing because she says I'm getting fat . Isn't that nice ? 
Oh my God . It is so amazing to have my babygirl in my arms again . Wow , one week without her made me realize just how much she means to me , and ... well , the completion she brings to my life . I love you , Cadence Tala . 
Is this all really necessary ? 
Blaaah . 
Oh ... WOW . I just had the most sinful dream ever . O__O 
. . . . . :/ 
Don't drink by yourself if you're already depressed . I should know this . > P 
Empty is the Urge to Devour . 
My daughter decided that my king-size bed is now hers . >:3 
GHEY 
Why do people get cliche tattoos of brass knuckles , guns , butterflies , stars , chinese characters ( that half the time aren't even correct ) , and etc ? ... Why would you want a tattoo that 20 million people already have ? 
I envy the night , for its absence is the light . 
This is beginning to get a lil ' RIDICULOUS . , _ , = 
My mom's < PROPFEMALE > Retriever is starting to pop out the pups . Lemme know if you are interested in them . Available once weaned , in a few weeks ; free . Retriever/Chow mix . Will update later with how many , and pics . ( Yuck . ) 
Camel Wides are EVIL . I need to quit buying them ! I go through a whole pack in less than 24 hours . :/ 
Fuck it . I don't care anymore . 
Pavi Largo : Paint your ass like Rambrandt ! Ha ! You like that ? 
:/ I miss you ... 
Agents of Oblivion Descend Upon The Sane 
Laying here with my daughter , watching The Jungle Book , and eating popcorn . :) <3 
OW ! Future reference : Take out my flatback when attempting to eat an apple . \\:< 
Going to give plasma today so I can pay on my probation fines . JOY . 
My thoughts plague me . Is this how it's going to end ? :/ 
The absurd is born out of this confrontation between the human need and the unreasonable silence of the world . 
Bored , and missing him . 
Going to attempt to give plasma today . Hopefully my plans don't fall through ... AGAIN . 
Awesome ...... It is just a matter of time before I go back to jail ... Fuck my life . 
I miss you in unsurpassable amounts ... so much it hurts physically . 
I need to clean . Maybe it'll get my mind off things . So , off to blare Marduk and obsessively clean my room . Haha . 
WOW . That's all I have to say . :) 
Ridiculously bored . 
I feel like shit . 
I have seriously realized something tonight . It's hard to explain , but I don't understand what makes me happy , and I don't understand what makes other people happy . I'm not familiar with whatever it is that drives people to accomplish things and whatever it is that allows them to be optimistic . [ cont ] 
For me , even through moments that are amazingly great , it's like there is something inside me ; a big hollow steel sphere that weighs me down . What do people fill themselves with ? What completes you ? And when you're half empty , how do you plug the drain ? HAHAHAH . I AM EMO . FEAR ME . 
I'm beginning to get a lil ' pissed off . Man hunt . 
Going to the lake . :) 
Burnt , with a headache . But had fun at the lake . Now time to chillax . 
Chunk has it coming . Jumping my brother from behind . The only reason a dude should be behind another dude is if he's trying to give it up the ass like a fucking faggot . Otherwise , men fight face to face . 
Oh , wow ... I feel asleep around midnight and actually got a full night's rest ! ... I feel really weird . O_o . This hasn't happened in MONTHS ... lol 
Blah . 
What the hell is wrong with society ? How long do you have to know someone before it's ' okay ' to get pregnant by them ? 2 ... 4 ... 6 months ? SMH . Our generation is failing . 
Last . FM has been fucked up all day and hasn't scrobbled any of my music . 
Dooooooom-maaantiiia 
We stopped checking for monsters under our bed ... \ 
when we realized they were in us .? 
\Latino feet \"" 
I would just like to say , being a huge Morbid Angel fan ... their new album really fucking sucks and is borderline core bullshit . 
Yay , Last . FM is fixed and I didn't lose any of my scrobbles . :) 
I haven't slept yet . o.O Oddly I don't feel tired . 
I really need to do something with my hair . It's FUCKING HOT . I think I should cut more off . :/ 
I suppose time will make it better , but I still have my moments . :) I understand your sadness , so I'll just hold my tongue . 
:( Just woke up , wish I could go back to bed but there's too much on my mind . 
Welcome to Apartment 13 . . . 
Blah 
LOL . I love emo chicks on facebook with stupid edited pictures that have some weird quote like , ' I'M FALLING!' ... ' I CAN'T HOLD ON ' ... etc . Am I not the only one that derives amusement from this ? 
I miss yo face . :( 
You know ... I'm usually not a very jealous person . 
LOL , Mormicide ! 
I just liked , ' not being a hipster ' , and ' not being a juggalo ' . Lmao . WIN . 
twelve strokes for Candlemass darkness descends 
Alright , off to dye my hair . :o 
YAY . No more roots . Fresh burgundy and black ( because I couldn't pick ) . Wootwoot . 
Fuck you , distance . 
Love is a whore . 
I HATE BEING EMOTIONAL . Someone take it , it's like a shitting , crying baby . 
You know that cliche saying : \You never know what you have until it's gone . \ " ... It's fucking TRUE . * fistshake * " 
Kuru is an incurable degenerative neurological disorder ( brain disease ) that is a type of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy , caused by a prion found in humans . 
Wow , so I was definitely not expecting that . :O 
Hmm ... I just woke up . Fell asleep at like 9 . :( 
Time to put on some Acid Witch or Electric Wizard and chiiiilll , yo . :D 
I had a good night last night . :) Why did I wake up at 7am , though ?! :P 
Wtf , my electricity went out ! 
Alright , I guess I'm moving on . 
About to go pick up my daughter . /excited . A week apart feels like forever ! She takes my mind off everything . :) 
Whooaa . I am going to bed . 
I woke up at 7AM ... feel like shit . 
You know what I do , and how I do it . Don't act surprised . 
LOL < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse finally died . :D 
My daughter loves Sepultura . How awesome is that ? 
LOL I love how people get sucked in on Facebook . About fifty of my friends have clicked on that spider link . xD 
... i forgot that i was alive . 
Hmmm ... gonna try and put the lil ' one to bed and ... ?? :P 
The cure for boredom is curiosity . :) 
I just love how my daughter decided to get up at 7am today ... x_x But then she crawled back in bed with mommy and fell asleep . <3 
Alright ... someone's gotta get me out of this Candlemass funk . I can't stop listening to the Nightfall album and it's starting to affect my sanity . 600+ plays in the last week . O__o 
OWHFUCK . I dropped my < PROPFEMALE > and then stepped on it . D: D : 
I can't wait for this weekend . Woohoo . 
You don't have to absolutely adore someone to fall in love . Sometimes it's accidental , and sometimes it's wrong . 
Yaaay , cake and ice cream . :P 
Someone entertain me , yes ? :D 
Fucked up . 
I don't need a reason , there's nothing to explain . I can't reproach your leaving to justify my pain . \ 
But can I really understand . I wish you were with me tonight . \ 
I read over all you wrote me . The words mean so much more these days . They < PROPFEMALE > in my soul . \ 
They sting me like a bug . Can someone feel too much ? \ 
I wish you were here with me tonight . 
Your laugh was always contagious . 
new epidermis 
So , I have a big ole cup of coffee that I've refilled twice and my mind is still foggy . Someone stimulate me ! 
The tattoo on my back actually means something , y'know . Indomitus Femina ; I cannot be tamed , conquered , or controlled . Although the attempts do provide brief entertainment , rest assured they are illusory , and superficial . 
I can't wait for < PROPMALE > Season 6 come Oct . 2nd . :) 
So , you pop up and then take off ? Grrrr . 
So ... No kid for the weekend and all next week . Whatever shall I do ? 
You don't have to be controlling to control . > D 
I work in two hours , snd I'm reallly tired . Wonder if I could squeeze in a nap ? :P 
Off work , feet hurt . Chicken grease in my HAIR . SHOWER TIME . 
Awh . :( 
I don't like to be able to predict someone's every move . Obviously , that's boring . 
Seriously though ... I think my insomnia is getting better ! The last oh , seven out of ten days I have actually gone to bed before 5am , and got up before 10am . Hmmm . 
Iced coffee . <3 
Giving my daughter a bath is probably the best highlight of my day . Mostly because I get to shape her hair into styles reminisce of < PROPMALE > Wonka . <3 :P 
For some reason ... today feels like a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Vaughan day . (: 
My color is : Black\ 
Would I dye my hair this color ? It is ... partially . \ 
Food this color : Black licorice ! \ 
Drink this color : Coffee\ 
Animal this color : Tasmanian devil\ 
Like my status & ill give u a color 
I have become rather used to it ... but not being able to feel anything with my hands really bugs me at times . 
WHY THE HELL DO I HAVE PIMPLES ON MY LEGS ?! 
Anal philosophy ... it's a hobby of mine . 
\Well-timed silence is the most commanding expression . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Helprin " 
Hmmm .... :) I'm kind of liking how this is turning out . 
Yay ! I'm on the schedule for four days next week . Money , money , money . At least I don't have to worry about going to jail over my probation fines . :) And then once I'm off papers , I can get the fuck outta here . :) 
I'm just wondering ... what's the point in being in a relationship if you can't even be public about it ? Doesn't that denote some kind of shame ? O___o . People are awfully weird . 
I lied earlier . I'm going to bed now . :) Wayyy past what should be my bedtime . :P 
Tonight's going to kiiill . :D 
OHFUCK . I just about had a heart attack . My daughter fell off the couch , and bit her lips so of course she was bleeding . But she had just ate popcorn and as I was looking in her mouth I pulled out a bloody kernel that I thought was a tooth !! :( 
The only thing I like about gaining weight is that my boobs are inevitably bigger . O_o 
It's beautiful outside right now ! The rain just stopped and the air is fresh and it's all cooled off ! 
UGH . I hate straightening my hair ... it takes forever and takes all the smelly-good away ! XD 
PEANUT BUTTER PYGMIES 
* grins * 
things are growing without light 
Come on baby , let's kick back , and bleed with me awhile . Nevermind the cold black truth that stains the kitchen tile . 
When you get there will you kiss the dead for me ? 
Yes , I know ... BUT ACID BATH IS FUCKING AMAZING AND DAX RIGGS IS A LYRICAL GENIUS . 
An example of < PROPMALE > Weber's LYRICAL GENIUS : ' My name is Dax Riggs , and I am gay . I sucked off my brother yesterday . I'm really old , and I play bad songs . The only thing I'm good at is licking dongs . ' 
I taste the wreckage of crumbling faces . 
Slow desolation like a funeral procession . 
You're screaming because there's nothing left for you to say . 
So , my septum has officially closed up . :/ I am kind of saddened , but oh well . 
When Death sleeps , it dreams of yoooou . 
Wow , seriously ? Is there a certain reason I have 18 people blocked on Facebook ... and is it a coincident that they are all dudes ? What the fuck are your guys ' problem ?! 
Off to work . 
Ugh , I feel so nasty when I get off work . KFC slathers me in grease , I hope I don't break out ! ALSO ; cleaning out buffet is probably one of the nastiest things I've encountered . You'd think food would be food ... but no , it's not ; not at the end of the night ! 
To the two people who left their < PROPFIRST > on a napkin at KFC for the ' pretty girl with red hair ' ... I gave them to the gay guy . ;) 
I'm buying a gym membership . HELLS YES . 
Yes , I'm aware that my music is vastly varied . I like it this way , thank you ! 
Easter egg hunt in a minefield ! ... 
You fondle my trigger , then you blame my gun . 
Oh , c'mon now . I thought you went away , Insomnia . :/ 
ALRIGHT CHILDREN , I have an announcement ! : Life is not ALL about partying , getting drunk , smoking pot , beating people up , and acting like a fucking slut . It's so sad to see a life in which encompasses all five . There is no meaning to your life , and in my eyes you're trivial and rather facetious . ._. ` :/ It's situations like this in which I actually feel pity . Go ... read a book or like ... y'know , wash your fucking pussy and mouth out . 
Wow , my stomach just flopped . . . I am not sure I made the right decision , in either regard . I think some things are definitely better left alone , which is rather weird I can come to that conclusion within ten minutes when before I had never thought that and had even argued against it ! 
Yeah ... I'm going to bed now . 
Getting ready to go to work . * sadface * 
Off work ... the lump in my thenar muscles is now about the size of a nickel , and I can't straighten my fingers . JOY . I wish I had insurance coverage to go back to my neurologist . :( 
MMMM MEAT MASTERY 
Mmm , I made a ceaser salad with marinated mushrooms . 
Whoa ... whoooa . I have an intense urge to deep clean ! Must mean I'm stressed . 
Fuck , mayne . It is close to impossible to keep my hair off my neck ! 
So , I just lifted one dresser on top of another dresser . I feel pretty strong now . :D LOL 
Cleaning ... cleaning ... cleaning ... why am I up cleaning and rearranging ? NO IDEA . 
I counted my books while re-organizing them . 472 . I think that's a respectable number ! I need to get the other odd number of them out of storage . But that requires another bookshelf . Hmmm . 
I think it's time for coffee . :) 
Mmm , I love the smell of bleach and freshly mopped floors . Except my hands are killing me again . Oh well . It smells wonderful ! 
Also , one side of the room done , and completely rearranged . Now to work on the other side ! 
Heee . :) 
Alright , I was up alll last night , and alll today . I think I'm going to bed ! :) 
CONFORM TO THE ESTABLISHMENT . DESTROY IT FROM WITHIN . 
SPERM SORCERERS ! 
I am so pissed off I'm shaking . 
Well now , since that's all settled ... I feel a little calmer . 
I is a bear . This is a true story . 
I think everyone should read < PROPMALE > Bergeron by < PROPMALE > Vonnegut . :) 
I am fairly sad I don't get to go to the Derby tonight ! But I suppose making money is more important . 
Derby results : Hippi went to the hospital with a hurt back , and < PROPFIRST > might have broke his arm . Give ' em love , guys . :) 
I love getting hooked up with new music . :) 
Your a serial killer . Rules :\ 
Go to your profile & look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person turns u in : Mikail Andria\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPFEMALE > Weber\ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPFEMALE > Morgan\ 
............... 4th person is your 1st victim : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dickey\ 
5th person tries ( may succeed ) to kill u : < PROPMALE > Ericksen\ 
6th person is the police officer that arrests u : James < PROPMALE > Barlow IV\ 
7th person is your lawyer : < PROPMALE > Rockers 
YAY ! I have a bike now , which means I can cycle for an hour , and burn off half of my daily calories ; also work off my fatty thighs . ;D 
Ugggh 
Lol , bitches be jealous . ;) 
Wow , so I forgot what it felt like to be sore after working out . =O 
Off I go to run 3.2 < PROPMALE > . :O lulswut ?! I know ... 
Bitch you ain't no < PROPFEMALE > I see you work at Arby's\ 
Number 2 , super-sized , hurry up I'm starving 
>_< Cadence has been a brat all day ... every time I tell her no , even on the simplest of things , she flips out and throws herself down , crying . Terrible twos ?! 
So I just had an amazing day , had press passes to Mayhem Festival in OKC . Met tons of people including : < PROPFIRST > Brown ( Straight Line Stitch ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( Red Fang ) , < PROPFIRST > Beaulieu ( Trivium ) , Sully < PROPFEMALE > ( Godsmack ) , < PROPFIRST > Ellefson ( Megadeth , and got a picture ! ) , < PROPFIRST > Helymun ( Suicide Silence ) , < PROPMALE > McClain ( Machinehead ) . Thank you to Pig < PROPMALE > from Heavy Pork for accommodating me , as well as < PROPFIRST > Barlow for the invitation . ;) 
Exhausted . Goodnight ! 
No . Fuck this . I am so tired of being put in the middle of your personal drama . Move on . 
>:/ 
Wow , tonight just reallly sucks . 
I only wish you weren't my friend . \ 
Then I could hurt you in the end . \ 
I never claimed to be a Saint ... \ 
Ooh , my own was banished long ago , \ 
It took the Death of Hope to let you go 
So warm and tender was never the night ... 
I suppose I should wash my uniform for work tonight . 
I got off work early , and thankfully brought my bike to work . 3.2 mile ride before I went home . :) 
WTF . I just spilt boiling water on my hand . Today is just NOT my day . 
Okay ... well nevermind then . :( 
When I hold Cadence on my chest and she falls asleep to my heartbeat , I know that I am forever hers and she is forever mine . No love will ever rival it , the bond between mother and child . She saved me , completed me , and has already taught me so much . Cadence Tala , I love you . ( This post was made almost a year ago , and it still rings true . She's only been out of my embrace for two hours and I already miss her dearly . ) 
... WTF 
LAWLAWLALLALWELEWALSFJKSfs . I just found out the funniest shit EVAR . 
So should I straighten my hair before work ? Sounds like too much of a hassle to me . 
Is it weird I like to double through the cemetery twice on my bike ride home from work ? :P 
ROBBING HOUSES IN DA HOOD WHOOP WHOOP lol 
My eyes are green , not brown ! 
Now I'm all curious and shit . 
Hmmmm .... 
? Cadence Tala Bland ? \ 
Due Date- August 28th , 2009\ 
Birthday- Sept . 2nd , 2009\ 
Labor-8hrs \ 
Time- 8:36 a . m . \ 
Weight- 7 pounds 2 oz\ 
Length- 20 1/2 inches\ 
Re-post this if your a proud mommy :) 
Same story , different boy . 
\I don't understand how I got so out of hand . \"" 
LOL the cops aren't going to do anything . Weirdo . 
\He fucked her knife with a pussy . \"" 
YAAAYYY ! 
