i hate the fact that i wake up at 7 am with no alarm on a DAY OFF .. ridiculous 

yes ladies and gentleman .. i have finally gotten a facebook . im not addicted to these sites like others that i know , but ill be on when i can and its one more way you can reach me . 
sorry bout the double video .. still trying to figure the site out 
another day of work .. whoopie .. but i do know i should be gettin my xbox back today .. thank god , ill be on call of duty all night 
more is always said than more that is done 
everyone has photographic memory ... some just don't have film 
live in the moment because every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back . 
awesome .. a full 2 and a half hours of sleep . time to go to work . and luckily for me , its resteraunt audit day which means every corporate person is there .. awesome . 
Everyone is a genius at least once a year . The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together . 
is trying to figure out why its been 7 hours since < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s last status report .. hope everything is ok .. see you tonight 
its my day off and ive been up since 515 .. i cant go back to sleep cause the sun is out .. this is horse crap 
what a surprise 5 in the morning and im up .. cant sleep 
is gettin up at 530 again 
You see things and say ‘Why ? ’ but I dream things and say ‘Why not ? ’” 
is watching ufc 
is hanging out with my family 
is enjoying a well needed and deserved day off 
858 .. thats 40 minutes dominoes .. very dissapointed .. false advertising 
is going to try to sleep for as long as i can .. doubt itll happen though 
time to start another work week for me 
enjoying the very last few hours of a day off . 
stupid joke for u . Theres a couple who decide they want to perform an act of love . they decide to go to an old colonial cemetary . They do their thing and the next day the girl wakes up with back pains so she goes to the doctor . He tells her to disrobe and 
if life gives you lemons , throw those lemons back at life and say \HEY I LIKE APPLE JUICE " 
is somewhat ready to start the 6 day work week 
is trying to figure out why line sweep keeps using all my lines .... get your own capernicus 
my sister just got her license ... whooo hooo 
if your feet smell and your nose runs , you must be built upside-down 
the release of call of duty world at war map pack3 has caused me to realize that i should sit at home and enjoy my day off . 
needs people to visit tutu cute because < PROPFEMALE > , iyla , and < PROPFEMALE > said so .. do it NOW !! 
can vegetarians eat animal crackers ? 
is very excited about tonight ... its like a little kid waiting for birthday presents 
finally a well needed day off . laundry and doctors appt .. hit me up if you wanna do something 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT IN OSHAWA , Florida - 3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN DRIVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario PLATE # 72B 381 . If all of you reading my status would copy and paste this < PROPFEMALE > alert into your status , it could potentially save a little girl's life 
needs to just get through today and then 2 wonderful days off .. better get my pillows fluffed now . 
actually slept in past 7 am . time to enjoy a day off . anyone wanna do something ? 
is already bored and lazy for the day 
craves some entenmanns chocolate donuts 
was up all night reading about blackwater .. very intresting things going on in the wars 
thinks my day off should involve creating more ass groves in the couch 
so we finally get a kicker who can kick it from 52 yards out but he misses an extra point . good game though 
finally got a < PROPMALE > to sleep past 7 am . ready to enjoy a day off .. not sure what to do .. any ideas ? 
off to the u.s food show .. gotta love free groceries 
< PROPFEMALE > is telling me that a guy hit her car and tried to run but big man < PROPFIRST > blocked the road and < PROPFEMALE > ran after him .. im so proud 
roller-bladed 2 < PROPMALE > today .. couldnt possibly tell you the last time i did that . what a workout though . i feel like a got sumo wrestler thighs right now 
it is easier to get older than it is to get wiser 
from < PROPFEMALE>'s page : is doing a FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ... you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
2 people in the hospital on the same day ... get well aunt < PROPFEMALE > and a big get well to my best friend and roomie < PROPFEMALE > 
is bored at home right now .. nothing on tv either except south park finally tonight 
If you and I woke up in jail together ....... using ONLY 4 WORDS ........ what would you say to me ??!! Afterwards copy and paste as your status and see the different responses you get . 
happy gobble gobble 
< PROPMALE > the frog is at the < PROPFEMALE>'s day parade but unfortunatly miss piggy is not there because she is in bed rest with the swine flu 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !!! 
not sure if im supposed to be happy that there's no blizzard outside or pissed that im forced to wear summer clothes in december 
roor 
< PROPFIRST > is building a Horse Stable in FarmVille !, please help . thanks 
I need 1 nail and 2 boards for my stable . Thank you . 
happy birthday to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > and my brother < PROPFIRST > . 
isn't the wide end of the parmesean cap so much better than the sprinkle side 
baldness is the cure to dandruff 
can i please get some decent food 
how great .. the night crew that doesnt give a shit about you is here .... YAAAAYYYY ! 
going to try to go to bed for the big day tommorrow .. good night world 
Dead asleep . Lady wakes me up to take blood . \How are you sleeping\ " she asks . I told her great untilled us woke me up . Few more hours to go . " 
dear man upstairs how come my second family at work cares more about me than my own family . is it because i give the servers free food and not my family . or is it because the ledoux dont give a shit 
Im getting night sweats and my roommate has the flu . Very hard to control the air . Don't worry though , were having a moaning contest . Hes winning though 
not much sleep last night .. the guy next to me had his appendix takin out and he was moaning all night .. i tried to have a contest with him but he won . im still here in the room waiting for a doctor to come see me and give results or something . but hey im still walking and breathing so im fine . 
HAHAHA . nurses said my mccartney video was too loud .. i told them if they talk louder then mccartney wont be so loud .... JUST LET IT BE !!! 
bases loaded 2 outs .. come on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
in 1 inning the < PROPFIRST > pitcher had 3 seperate chances to get a double play .. 3rd times the charm 
is sick of being taken for granted . Since when does trying to be a good friend invite people to treat you like a freaking doormat ??? And is also tired of being Sold-out by his supposed friends ! 
from the late great < PROPFIRST > valvano and the < PROPFIRST > v cancer foundation . cancer can take away all of my physical abilities . but it can not touch my mind . it can not touch my heart and it can not touch my soul and those 3 things will < PROPFEMALE > on forever . 
i thank everyone who has put their life on hold for just a moment to give me the support and courage i need to get me through the biggest mountain i have ever had to climb and i couldnt have done it with out you . thank you from the bottom of my heart 
not sure what to do right now . 
just got a roomate in the room .. he looks like < PROPMALE > winfield . lol . im in here with cancer and hes in here because he got in a fight , got punched in the face and broke a bone .. 
poof 
anyone wanna help me drink the barium sulfate ? 
waiting for close to 6 hours for them to give me my < PROPFEMALE > on my heart come to find out that they decided to close and i have to wait till tommorrow morning . oh well .. NURSE !!! PAIN PILLS !!!! poof 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer month ! 
finally . the cancer did not spread , its only a stage 2 hodgkins . i start chemo tonight . i have about 5 months of chemo . then im back to my feet . fuck you chemo . im gonna beat your ass . cant wait to have a bald contest with the pops .. anyone wanna put money down ? 
soooooo after being told i was being released today , somehow im still in my hospital bed .. guess ill be out tommorrow . fingers crossed 
note to self .. dont make jokes while the nurse is creating an IV line 
i am finally home . thanks everyone for helping me through the hospital part . now comes the massive clean of the house and me constantly resting . then the hard part begins but i think im up for the challenge 
feels so good to finally be in my own bed . good night world 
first day officially home and i have no idea where to begin . 
does not have the words to express the gratitude i have for my closest friends 
started the sterilaztion process in the house . 1 room down .. now i rest untill later . give me a holler . im not going to be doing much 
ice cream , brownies , strawberries , and fudge . yeah . too bad your not here to enjoy some with me 
happy 4 20 to everyone . there is no reason for any stress or anger on this day . nothing but laughter and food 
are you serious ? the heat were playing so bad that TNT actually stopped coverage and switched to NBA TV's coverage . abysmal performance by miami 
my recliner is stronger than me . every time i try to move , it pulls me in tighter 
so lost without a work schedule .. have no clue what to do on a saturday .. any options ? 
sunday ? home ? me ? i dont even know where to begin 
Going to the beach . Wanna come ? 
at the crib . nothing on tv . any ideas ? 
am i really going to be 25 already ? i wanna go back to finger-painting . i wanna get gold stars and be class leader . 
is trying to figure out why im not invited to my birthday get together . the roomies want any one who wants to come over and wish me a happy birthday but im not invited so i will not be here . have fun 
is high on cupcake frosting 
had an awesome birthday and is now going to finish it the right way !! 
what to do .. what to do 
i think ill make some beef lo-mein tonight 
' s pillow is about to get some head !! 
3rd round of chemo .. here we go 
Craving a corned beef sandwich 
does anyone have the number to the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > ? my imaginary friends partied way too hard and left a huge mess for me to clean up . 
please everyone i need your prayers desperatly . my bills are piling up . my car is breaking down . i need new clothes . please pray that i win powerball tonight . thank you . i will reward you with a percentage if i win 
Can't eat poultry , its bird flu . Can't eat pork , its swine flu . Can't eat fish , its salmonella . Can't eat fruits or veggies , its has insectisides and herbicides . I guess that leaves DESERT !!!! 
what now ? 
starts off every morning with a big bowl of sanity ... it should be obvious that sometimes I skip breakfast ! 
what's something you would do if you knew you wouldn't get caught ? 
finally 1/2 way through the chemo treatments . time to go and hit the clutch shots 
bored as hell 
come on pheonix !!!! 
will kobe hit the game winner ? 
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full . And he said , \Is it half full or half empty ? \ " So I drank the water . No more problem . " 
is it just me or is magic < PROPMALE > getting just as bad as < PROPFIRST > barkley with his articulation and grammar 
now what ? 
sh ! ts ' n giggles . <- Ha Ha ! Where did that term come from ? Who giggles while they take a sh ! t ? 
ufc 114 . first fight ends in a knockout .. good start 
Watching \Starsz * MOVIES - UFC RAMPAGE *\" on Justin.tv . Come join me ! http://justin.tv/s/03/q9eaEjU/rastajah71 " 
< PROPMALE > vs rampage ... here we go 
so far rampage doesnt wanna throw punches and rashadd is keeping him against the cage 
< PROPMALE > Griffey Jr. has announced his retirement . My favorite player growing up as a kid . If it wasn't for < PROPMALE > people would not be wearing their baseball caps backwards . A definate first round ballot hall of famer . 
People need to understand how powerful a laugh or smile can be in someone elses life . No matter how bad you think your life is , don't worry someone has it worse . Do everyone a favor and smile some more . Crack a joke . make someone else happy 
you know i actually have to give < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > some credit . even though he blew one of the biggest calls in MLB history , at least he was man enough to have a press conference and admit his fault without blaming anyone other than himself . props to < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
did you make someone smile today ? 
who you got lakers or celtics ? how many games ? 
If they really wanted to offer you customer service they would give you somebody who spoke English ! 
Happy\ 
National Cancer Survivors Day ! This day is meant to demonstrate that\ 
life after a cancer diagnosis can be a reality !! I am so proud of \ 
myself for all that I have accomplished in the last months . May you all \ 
be recognized today ! Never give up and never stop believing ! I want \ 
to thank all of my fellow survivors for touching my life and helping me \ 
to be a better person ! 
why do people promote the fact that they're eating the newest shit from a fast food resteraunt . how bout we start promoting the good habits . no one cares that your at chic fil a or eating kfc . make yourself a good meal and be healthy . 
and now .... 
so < PROPMALE > jobs announces the new iphone and can't get the wifi to work to even show the new phone .. good job apple .. thats why im on verizon . he even asked if anyone knew what the issue was and soeone screamed out GO TO VERIZON 
up up and away !!!! 
Is\ 
saying POKE me if you ever had a CRUSH on me ........ LIKE this status \ 
if u think im CUTE ...... INBOX me if you everwanted a RELATiONSHiP with \ 
me . -- now lets see whose brave enough to copy & paste this on \ 
their status(this is asking for trouble but i think its funny so fuck \ 
it .. lol ) 
finally feeling a little better . now if only i had something to do 
had to call xbox . and at 930 i actually got an american ... whew . i thought i was gonna have to know how to speak like apu from the simpsons 
ok so let me get this straight , colorodo joined the pac 10 , nebraska joins big 10 , which means the pac 10 has 12 the big 10 has 9 and the big 12 has 11 . but with 5 more splitting , that would make the pac 10 with 14 , the big 10 with 5 and the big 12 with 9 . i dont even know if i got that right .... ugh college football season around the corner 
Usa vs England . Lets go Usa Beat the British and there petroleum company 
GOAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is on my way to space 
< PROPMALE > \ ace\ " < PROPMALE > knocked out < PROPMALE > liddel . great fight though . " 
so the \feels like\ " temperature is 105 ... thinking of making best friends with the a/c today " 
chocolate covered strawberries .. YUMMMMMMMMMYYYY !!!! 
IT'S\ 
SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your \ 
tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you \ 
on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . 
how hard is it to communicate with each other .. the usa looks horrible again .. lets see if slovania's goalie will give us a goal like england's did 
hell yea .. landon donavan goaaaaallllllllll !!!!!!!!! COME ON USA 
THE REF JUST BLEW THAT CALL ... I DIDNT SEE ANY OFFSIDES . THATS HORSE MANURE 
way i shine is like a zillion dollar light < PROPMALE > 
says don't be drunk about the consequences when you're the one who created them . 
no matter what time i go to sleep .. i still manage to wake up early . i wish i could sleep past 8 sometimes 
needs a new neck and back 
So the US catches a russian spy . let him out on 32,000 bond as long as he checks in with the police every day . what do you think happened ? he didnt show . now we are looking for the same russian spy again somewhere in cyprus . Even the smartest people in the US are retarted . 
i hate not being able to sleep . 
HELP ! 
\What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight – it’s\ 
so the bulls have offered lebron free beer for life if he signs with < PROPFIRST > cago .. hahaha way to go < PROPFIRST > town 
1 dude gets his arm broken and another gets knocked out from a body slam .. so far ufc is turning out ok 
< PROPMALE > wins again . carwin had no energy left . good fight though 
1 drink 2 drinks . Flip cup beer pong . 9 drinks . 4 drinks . Damnit what drink am I on . 
and now to begin the ab-workout part of the side effects of cancer 
Small minds talk about things . Average minds talk about business . Great minds talk about growth . But . champions never talk . they just perform and the world talks 
do i really have to deal with bandwagoners now ? dont forget the 15 win season .. be a true heat fan . im glad we have shifted the power from the west to the east . 
i need a stimulus check 
has anyone seen my left shoe ? 
HELP !!!! my pillow is suffocating me and my blanket has kept me hostage 
msnbc just reported that forcasters are predicting 2010 to be the hottest year yet . gee i would of never guessed 
i have a 30gb ipod that i dont use . little scratched but works fine .. name your price 
now what do i do ? 
stuffed ... at least for now .. i see ice cream in my future . or brownies . or both . 
scrabble championship at the house ... ITS ON 
sippin on some 40 year old aged < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > swing ... whoooooooooo clears up the sinus real quick 
Time for treatment number 8 . So close to the end . 
let the relaxation begin .. dutch in one hand .. glass in the other 
so now the night begins ... what to do ? 
how do \don't walk on the grass\ " signs get there ? " 
\Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up . \"" 
where in the world is < PROPFIRST > Sandiego ? 
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time \ 
to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye . 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
is off to the beach ... come < PROPFEMALE > out 
cant help but get hungry when i watch the food network 
is now making chocolate chip cookies . couldnt resist 
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it . 
is thinking that there might be a droid vs iphone competition in the house tonight 
Why Must you touch EVERYTHING ???? 
dear tree .. please produce more money . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > land to count some sheep 
dear stewie ... you loved to wake me up in the middle of the night . you loved to pee and poop on people when they held you ... but the garay , farettra , roth , residence will miss you ... R . I . P stewie 
STEWIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so far ufc 117 is really good . couple good knockouts . hall of fame submission . still more to come 
can't believe < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > won . cant ' anyone beat him 
\Let no one ever come to you without leaving better . \ " - Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
companies need to improve their \please hold\ " music . its getting old and boring " 
grrrrrrrrr 
has wasted his entire phone battery being on the phone with my insurance companies and the doctors . gotta love the health system in < PROPFEMALE > 
just realized its friday the 13th 
The thoughtful little things you do each day have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows . \ " , 201 0-0 8-13 13:47:15 " 
to stop or keep going ? that is the question 
jumping in the pool 
cant keep my eyes from looking at my nose 
its no surprise that our db is our weakness .... again 
it is sunday ... coupon cutting time 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .... the explorer 
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help 
Its cancer killing time 
dome session 
my future is so bright that i need shades 
I have not failed . I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work 
Can someone help me find < PROPMALE>'s Ark please 
is so sick of turning on facebook and seeing people write FML !!!! Listen , The day you get cancer and have to go through chemotherapy treatments , then come talk to me . until then , stop saying FML . U make your life what it is . Stop bitching to everyone else and change your habits and outlook on life . 
so either there's a ghost in my house or the rain is that bad that it pushed my front door wide open . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put \ 
this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't\ 
copy and paste . I did . Will you ? Love to those who are in the fight , \ 
and prayers for all those who have lost the fight !!!!!!... 
i think the dolphins have a great management but why would you trade camarillo for a 5th string cornerback ? the wildcat needs good wide receivers not just < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
its time for the fins game 
Thinking if I should go fly a kite 
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it . 
Let go Noles !!! 
i love the fact that the gators first defensive stance and they give up points .. sounds good to me .... BEWARE OF THE TOMAHAWK CHOP 
end of 1 quarter .. florida state winning and gators losing .... MUUUAHAHAHAHA 
really doesn't want to leave 
and its back to the couch ... thanks sister 
after 6 long months .. its finally time for my 12th and final chemo treatment . screw you , you nazi cancer bastard , i will beat you 
why are there 5 syllables in monosyllabic ? 
I guess its time for me to train and prepare . 
It's Livestrong day ... are you wearing yellow to support cancer patients world-wide 
sunday sunday sunday 
Hears the war chant 
Really ? Come on .. at least give us a fight ... u canes are trash 
can't figure out if i want a smoke and a pancake , < PROPFEMALE > and a blintz , or a crepe ' and a pipe 
This radiation is soooo much easier than chemo . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Muller .. you'll be missed 
Just had a kid think I was a statue . He took my chocolate so I scared the crap outta him 
loving the weather 
Yes folks , it's that time again ! That's right ! It is daylight savings \ 
time , it is fall back time and everyone knows that it means we will gain\ 
an hour of zzzs ! 
Shootin some hoops at central 
Expecting a Breakout game for < PROPFEMALE > . 
How come there's a < PROPFEMALE > town in NY and la . But no American town in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Loves the new wikileaks app 
not sure who to root for ? i hate both of them 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
There's a meteor shower . How freggin cool 
The top feels so much better than the bottom 
Ridiculous . Truck flipped over on 595 and of course everyone has to stop in the opposite direction then there 3 accidents on 95 . 
Time for the new map pack . Sry to all u ps3 owners . 
Yawn : a honest opinion , openly expressed 
How come slow down and slow up mean the same thing ? 
Lebron is on fire . He might drop 50 
I've said it a million times .. I do not exaggerate 
Just be glad im not your kid 
Slam dunk time 
Wow these chinese guys are horrible .. what kind of music is this . Black eyed peas meet n.e.r.d 
Washington was the only president not to blame it on the previous administration 
Melo to the knicks ? Bring back the heat knick rivalry 
4 full court games . I think I've worked out enough . And got a tan in the process 
Penn vs fitch 
Main event 
Ric bucher on ESPN just called miami a notorious late crowd . Lmao 
Traffic traffic traffic . I hate u 
So the basketball gym is closed because if it rains the swim teams need a place to chill . What kind of poppycock is that 
Out to the courts 
Nb 95 is at a dead stop . Can't even get on the onramp from 595 
Well this ones on bosh . 
What would I do without u 
Why do I keep seeing dancing statue of liberties advertizing taxes . Who dances for taxes ? 
Shark tank is back !!!! 
So apparently the mobil on nob and browsed has no gas . Go figure 
Music is my airplane . 
The supermoon don't look too super 
Lovin the noles defense 
20 dollars free gas and its 347 a gallon . Gotta luv it 
My top speed on 95 is 9 mph . Gotta luv it 
What would I do without u . 
Ach . So so . Lil pain here lil pain there . 
Free food at the blue plate . Gotta luv it 
Money maker 
Trying out Android app StartTalking - hands free text messaging , facebook and more . Check it out - It's free at http://www.starttalking.com . 
7 times 13 is 28 
Why must I have to itch in places I can't reach 
Stop go stop go stop go . can't I just go ? 
I woke up to find out I didn't win 218 million . Damn 
A great woman will be missed . R I P to my aunt < PROPFEMALE > . You made a few wishes before your passing and I made sure to < PROPMALE > them . What would I do without you . 
Its Saturday and people are bitchin on facebook . You made your choices now live with them . Don't get upset with others for your bad choices 
Went to the horse races and super sugar attack won . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
So some guy at the gas station buys $27 in lotto tickets but$ 5 in gas . WTF ? 
Is it 420 yet ? 
You can't even practice the shots d . < PROPFEMALE > hits 
Tnt needs better announcers 
Is it really this hot outside ? 
Its officially been 1 year . Cuckfancer 
Heat !!! 
Does < PROPFIRST > think before he speaks ? 
Boston wont get past the 2nd round if theyre havin trouble playin the knicks bench 
Happy holidays to those who celebrate . 
My sister is not allowed to eat chocolate anymore 
Those who think they know everything annoy those of us that do . 
What a pass lebron . 
I'm baaaacckkk !!! 
I must be dreaming . The lions didn't take a receiver in the 1st round ? 
Fight time 
It's official .. osama bin laden was killed yesterday in a firefight . It's about time 
The call of duty esxalation map pack is beast . I can play as freddi kruger .. haha 
Oy I got such a pain . 
