went on a walk tonight . The < PROPFEMALE > was full and bright , and it shone through a thin sheet of cloud . There was a contrail above the cloud that cast a shadow on it , and the shadow could be seen through it . I'd never seen that before . 

misses school . Strange , I know . 
is still writing . 
thinks her book is a lot more interesting than her life right now . The Manti trip will be exciting , though . 
likes Russian classical music . Guess what ? I've got over 30,000 words , and I'm on the 45th < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loved the Manti Pageant ! 
wonders what's going to happen next ... 
Yay ! Good job , < PROPMALE > and everybody else who was in < PROPMALE > Wonka Jr. ! 
I need to get back to my writing , but I should also be getting to bed ... 
There's a flash flood warning for all of southwestern Utah ! Stay away from washes and gorges and such . 
Farewell , old Smokey . 
Happy INDEPENDENCE Day ! 
went to see < PROPFIRST > V at the Shakespearean Festival Friday night ( which was awesome ) , and then to a Tea Party and fireworks yesterday . Life's pretty exciting . 
finally found a way to build up to the climax and start the ending to a song . I only hope it's a good climax and ending . 
did some planting yesterday . I decided that I want to be a gardener when I grow up ... as well as a writer ... and a composer ... and a ... 
is on < PROPFEMALE > 50 ! I've only got three or four lines on that < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm there ! 
Well , now I've got 50 pages . Yay ! 
is actually pretty excited for school to start . 
will be really happy if Congress doesn't have us fined if we don't get \affordable health care . \ " Why should they have to tell us what we can and can't afford ?? Are they telling us we're stupid and can't make any decisions on our own ? Let's hope they're " 
is really , um ... boring apparently . Can't wait for school ! 
is going to bed before 11:00 for the first time in eons . 
just got back from a ten-day family vacation to the Pacific northwest . I don't think I'd mind living there . It's got REAL trees , the ocean , picturesque farmlands , and mountains nearby . Couldn't do without mountains . I would miss all the cool Southern 
<3 ' s Finale . 
Okay , Obama , Cabinent , and Congressmen , what about this thing called the Constitution ? What about this thing called < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? And what about this free speech thing in case we think you need a reminder ? Ah , I had forgotten . Only crazy people question Obama . If that < PROPMALE > passes , I might just up and move to Middle Earth or something . 
Ha ha ! I've reached the 40,000 word < PROPFIRST > ! Hmm ... Maybe I'll move to my imaginary world . Wait ... Politicians are just as messed up there . It seems there is no escape ! At least in Middle Earth there are people like Gandalf , Galadriel , Aragorn , Farimir , etc . 
is getting ready to go back up to Snow ! 
is back in Ephraim and all set for school . This is my last day as a teenager ... 
is having a pretty good day . Thanks for the surprise party ! You guys are awesome ! School starts tomorrow . 
is going to be busy , busy , busy ! 
spoke to Senator < PROPMALE > today . And she is glad tomorrow's Friday . And she's thinking about being a musical historian -- if such a thing exists . And she needs some sleep . :D 
is staying up late listening to plainchant and other Medieval music . Wild stuff . Actually , I'm going to hit the sack pretty soon . 
is going to live in an old library that looks like a castle and write chants , epics , and the like by the light of the high windows and 3-foot candles . 
loves her printer right now . 
\Nec desit virtus . \ " \ " Nor let valour be lacking . \ " ( Furse family motto . ) The word \ " virtue\ " is derived from the Latin \ " virtus\ " which means \ " strength . \ " See Sister < PROPMALE>'s talk on returning to and standing up for virtue from tonight's CES fireside . It was very inspirational . " 
is going back down to the Eccles building . 
' s violin teacher says she needs to put more passion into the Mendlessohn concerto . So what do I do ? Watch political commentary . That's really the only thing that gets me upset . 
is tired and should go to bed . 
watched Monteverdi's L'Orfeo this weekend ( on youtube of all things ) . Five years ago , I never would have thought I would want to watch an opera a second time . The early Baroque instruments and music and the visual aspects were really cool . 
orchestra concert on Friday at 7:30 ! We'll be playing a wide variety of pieces , from Vivaldi to Gershwin . All you Snow people should come ! 
loves Ephraim in the fall . 
got her homework and theory grading done before 2:00 . Ha ! 
likes things made with pumpkin . 
is doing well , but tired and wondering where her brain wandered off to . 
is registered for classes next semester . Yay ! Now , where to go to school next ... 
just finished writing a chorale about a lost pencil for Sight Singing/Ear Training . She really wants her brain back because she's going nuts without it . So if anybody's seen it , let her know . 
is having Lord of the Rings withdrawls again . I've been reading < PROPMALE > The Return of the < PROPMALE > for bedtime story while I've been home . 
is still having LOTR withdrawls . Oh , never let her have sugar after 6:00 when she's lacking sleep . Augh ! A D flat and a D natural at the same time ?! How am I supposed to analyze that ? 
made it through this week . Whew ! 
is done with Biology ! Ahhahaha ! 
has experienced -20 degree weather first hand , and is sure it got around 120 degrees this summer in Hurricane . 140 degrees difference in the same year . 
is wondering what on earth to do with herself now that school's out . Well , I could always read Lord of the Rings again . Haven't done that for awhile . 
got copies of the Lord of the Rings books for her very own for a dollar each at DI . I love DI . 
I guess all my anti-social-ness and time hulled up in my room or at the library and the Eccles Building paid off , but I am NOT taking that many credits at once again . So THERE ! :D 
finally has time to sit down and read and write and listen to music . Ahhh .... I just need to stop sleeping in so late -- and staying up so late . Good night . 
I've just been reading about the hobbits ' journey through the Old < PROPMALE > . Trees in Middle Earth tend to be pretty tempermental , I've decided . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 90% of people won't bother . 
gets the impression that BYU doesn't like transfer students very much . 
Strider ( Aragorn ) is awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas , everyone ! 
What's on my mind ? Lord of the Rings , music , school ... obviously . 
is heading back up to Ephraim tomorrow . Yay ! It was nice to have a break and be home with my family , but I need to have something to do ! 
has returned to her orbit and spent the greater part of the day in the Eccles Building . The world is back to normal . 
is taking a break between homeworks . These breaks will get increasingly farther and fewer between , but not like last semester if I can help it . 
Well , the first week is over . I think I'll survive this semester . Now , down to the depths of the laundry room . 
Rats . Where's my brain ? 
Yes , there are the late night rehearsals , the sore back , and the clicking noise of doom , but I'm kind of excited to play Songs of Sanctuary again . 
Snow 
had a good practice session today , then walked home in the snow . 
has decided that the first movement of Schubert's Symphony No . 8 is awesome . Now I want to find the rest of them . 
doesn't like waking up when she still wants to be in the dream , and it's not resolved yet . Oh , by the way , liquid mercury is really wierd . 
Owner of a lonely heart , much better than an owner of a broken heart . [ Insert musical notes here . ] 
My violin teacher told me I should fall in love with triplets ( the rhythm kind . ) Ok ... One and a Two and a Three and a Four and a ... <3 
had a random thought in the middle of the night : Chords are like people . They can share common tones , but they're all unique . 
My roommates are trying to tell me that I'm girly . I hate pink . I can't stand chick flicks . I never do my hair up or wear nail polish . Hm . 
Decisions , decisions . 
went to a 9:30 - 11:00 recording session last night , got my eardrum pummeled to death , got home , and realized I still had to do my science homework . So if I'm a little more insaine than usual today , you'll know why . 
Had sort of a rollercoaster weekend with a bittersweet compromise at the end . Watched a video on Shoenberg in Music History . His music makes you feel like you're wading through a swamp and going insaine all at once . Some tonal music ! Please ! Aaaugh ! 
It's so nice outside . I want to go on a trip or camping or hiking or SOMETHING outside .... I just looked at the weather . Apparantly , it's only 38 degrees out there . 
The Chamber Orchestra played Schubert's Mass in G with the choir last night . Love it . We got what , half a foot of snow dumped on us in the afternoon , and half of that within the first couple of hours . So much for the nice 38 degree weather ! 
spent six flippin ' hours grading theory assignments . It's a good thing I'm getting paid for this . 
has a job interview for the summer , and it's only March . Excited to go home and see her family . 
just found out that KANSAS is coming to St. < PROPFIRST > in April ! Still excited to go home and see red dirt again . 
So why does thunder and lightning just come with rainstorms , not snowstorms ? Or am I just crazy ? 
went hiking in Zions with family , made pecan pie , and got new music . What could be better ? 
Expressionism : The composer may be expressing himself , but I have NO idea what he's trying to say . 
The fire alarm went off at 11:00 last night , and we were all outside for a half hour waiting for the fire department to come and decide we were safe . I think it was burnt popcorn . Well , there ought to be a some adventure in life . 
went to an awsome 30's and 40's concert . Good job everybody who participated ! 
discovered how 11/10 time works and the ratio of 5th notes to quarter notes yesterday . And if that wasn't enough time wasted , my roomates locked up my homework and keys and made me watch The Fellowship of the Rings . 
had an eventful weekend . First , making music history and watching Lord of the Rings . Then a visit from my grandparents and aunt and uncle . Then a Wal-Mart adventure . Then our < PROPMALE > had Family Day yesterday . It was good to see Mom and Dad and the boys . 
Confusion ! Guess what ? The bells on campus started ringing again ! And the sidewalk is fixed . 
' s family came to our two-hour concert last night , and then they stuck around this morning while Dad fixed the car . I love my family ! It was good to see them . 
has decided that quintal < PROPFEMALE > is awesome . Listen to Copland's Appalacian Spring if you get a < PROPMALE > . 
It's funny how I want this insaine week to be over with , but I also want time to slow down too . Only two weeks left ! Put on the brakes ! 
Well , I survived last week , and I'm very glad that I did . Just two more finals and graduation . This is so weird . 
thinks that if she was a ghost , she would haunt the Eccles Building . She just randomly walked there for no reason . She's strangely drawn to that place . 
graduates tomorrow . Wait ... What happened to the time ?! Well , I must say , the last two years have been awesome . I made some good friends and learned some good things . That doesn't mean there weren't hard times at all . In fact , I think that's partly why they were so awesome . They were growing experiences . I love Snow College ! 
It still hasn't hit me that I'm a college graduate . I celebrated today by cleaning the bathroom and then going on an adventurous night hike with some few remaining Castillejans . Why am I still up ? Good night . By the way , I don't think this thing does spell check anymore . 
wants to thanks everybody for their support and good influences : friends , teachers , leaders , and especially family . I couldn't have come this far . I owe so much to you . 
came home , and suddenly everything's green . It still feels like I'm just home for a short vacation , and that I'll be going back soon . Not so . I'll never use a practice room key card in the Eccles Building . I'll never see some of those people again ... OK . That's depressing . New adventures await . 
If anybody out there knows some students who would be interested in summer tutoring for violin , let me know . I'll be charging $15 a lesson . I am a music < PROPMALE > , and graduated from Snow College , where they have an excellent accredited music program , and I have 12 1/2 years ' experience playing . I want to help students not only learn the techniques , but to help them get excited about music . 
If you're ever having a bad day , listen to some Haydn or Mozart to cheer up . Then end the evening with Copeland's Appalacian Spring . The last movement is so calming and peaceful . That last chord ... ( I wasn't having a bad day or anything . Just sayin ' . ) 
I think I'm going crazy or something , and I have no idea why ... I haven't been listening to atonal music or anything . 
Please put this on your status if you know , \ 
or are related to someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010 is\ 
that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of\ 
murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but\ 
these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% won't\ 
copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one\ 
hour ? 
I WILL get a job . I WILL get a job ... 
just had a job interview at the Chocolate Factory ! I think it went well . 
had a random thought : If time is the fourth dimension , then music is an < PROPMALE > form in the fourth dimension . Hm ... 
is\ 
a nerd , yes . For graduation , my parents gave me a copy of Tolkien's\ 
\new\ " book : The Legend of Sigurd & < PROPFEMALE > . The introductory\ 
thinks she has finally found a job . Yay ! 
went to Ephraim today with Mom for the Scandinavian Heritage Festival . It felt like I had never left . So many memories . 
has never seen so much laundry at once in her life . 7 hours ' worth . But hey , it's a job ! 
Okay . Tolkien did not plagarize Wagner . The book I'm reading now , interestingly , is Tolkien's modern English version in verse ( with commentary ) of the Eddas , the same story Wagner based his Ring-Cycle opera on . Neither one stole from the other ; they just had the same sources . Tolkien was an expert on these sources . It is no surprise that he would involve rings of doom , dragons , and heroes in his own mythology . 
Working at a motel makes me want to travel . 
I still love music . History , writing , astronomy etc . sound fun too . I want to learn every mythology out there and Old English , and possibly Old Norse ... Aaugh ! There isn't time to be an expert on EVERYTHING . Maybe I should be a professional student , and use stuff I learn as inspiration for writing music and books . Prepare for some very programatic music with elements from 30 different time periods and cultures . :D 
Have you ever known a person who seems to have come straight out of a myth , a fairytale , or an old epic , or if they were thrown into one , they'd be right at home ? They make life less dull . Trouble is , they are rare . So are lots of other people , and at this time of life , you make friends with people , and then you're separated and don't see them again for a very long time . 
Evil Alien : We will utterly destroy you . \ 
Dr. Who : Not today , thank you . [ With a smile . ]\ 
Haha ! It makes me laugh for some reason . 
must be really boring . She can't think of anything to put here . 
\No people can be bound to\ 
has just discovered how close Rexburg is to Yellowstone and the Grand Tetons . :D 
Registering for classes is soooOOOooo much fun . 
Okay . \ 
I knew something wasn't adding up here . I was recently informed by\ 
BYU-I's financial aid office that they don't traditionally consider\ 
transfer students for academic scholarships . Why did they say at the\ 
end of their application that ALL transferstudents with more than 30 credits would be considered for a scholarship ? ( I have 65 credits . That ought to be worth something . ) ??? 
I think key lime pie makes me thirsty . 
has a confession . I think I'm addicted to Dr. Who classics . I have to limit myself to one episode a day and not watch any until I've finished everything I have to do . Sure the music and the special effects are somewhat cheesy , but hey ! It's time travel . I think the < PROPMALE > hanger endings have something to do with it too . It's like they all end on half cadences , musically speaking . 
went on a Wal-Mart Adventure ! 
Our family finally has < PROPFEMALE > Wars I V-V I ! You know , guys like < PROPMALE > Skywalker are way cooler than any sneaky , sparkly teenaged vampires . 
had an interesting day yesterday . I almost got shocked , my computer got infected by a trojan horse , and I went to visit my grandparents . :) The latter was fun , and the computer is running fine now . Right , computer ? Right . 
Cant ' wait for school to start because that will mean everything's all settled . Hopefully . Then I can relax . Oh wait ... It's school . 
It looks like I might just survive after all ! I went on my student account , and it showed a financial aid award for full tuition ! And I was able to get into the English class finally ! And it rained today ! Yay ! Somebody pinch me . 
loves rain , peanut butter M&M's and ... I can't think of a third thing . Why does a list always seem to have to have three items ? 
listening to the LOTR soundtrack on the way to work makes life more adventurous , especially with the cool scenery ... unless you get stuck behind an RV going 20 < PROPMALE > below the speed limit in a no passing zone . Then it's kind of anticlimatic . 
doing more research on the ancient < PROPMALE > republic to get inspiration\ 
for her story . It's eerie how much it's like our own history . Such as Tribunes bypassing the Senate to pass Progressive laws ... What kind of a geek does research like that to write a\ 
fantasy ? Or is it really a fantasy ? Maybe it's a cross between fantasy , historical fiction , and a dystopia novel ... That would be a good thing for me to figure out . 
is studying music theory so she can prove she learned something at Snow . Neopolitan 6ths are still awesome . Come to think of it , wouldn't an N chord be considered as naturally occuring in the Phrygian mode ? 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! Well , now I really have to start acting like an adult . 
Ha ha ! All my stuff is ORGANIZED . Whew . I think I'm allergic to sorting through old papers . 
Okay ... The cooler broke , I got in a wreck and totaled the Honda , the family car broke down , my brother broke a window , the oven element caught on fire ... all within a couple of weeks . My theory is that everything is going bonkers now while we can afford it before the 2011 tax hikes strike . It's a blessing in disguise . :) 
is getting ready to move up to Rexburg . I'm going to miss going to Snow College in little old Ephraim , but I'm looking forward to a new adventure . I have no idea what to expect , but I'm hoping for the best . 
starts school tomorrow -- fianally . I spent a day in Yellowstone with < PROPFEMALE > and her family , which was awesome . The gardens on campus are awesome . I got an awesome deal on books . I've discovered that it really is a small world , which is awesome ... Okay , I should get to bed now . 
finished putting up pictures and comics and stuff on the wall . Too bad I don't have the traveling Lord of the Rings poster of Castilleja anymore . 
Remember 9/11 . \ 
\ 
On a brighter note , I think I'm going to like my Humanities class . History on steroids ! 
Random\ 
thoughts from this strange brain of mine : The Mycenaean heroic ideal\ 
sounds a lot like the Anglo-Saxon one , and ancient Egypt actually has a\ 
few things in common with the Shire . Yes , I'm back in school . 
It's interesting having a philosophy class an English Lit . class in the same semester . I have to switch brain modes all the time . Let's see ... What kind of argument is he trying to make ? Is it valid ?... Oh wait . I'm supposed to be looking for imagery and symbolism and stuff . 
Is it just that I'm really tired or is < PROPFIRST > Berkley not making sense ? Just because someone isn't around to perceive and have the idea of an object's sound , smell , or color doesn't mean it doesn't exist , right ? I mean , it could still emit sound waves , chemicals , and reflect a particular light wavelength , even if it's not an idea in our mind because we haven't observed it . 
has been trying to write a paper about whether or not one's self exists . ( In case you haven't noticed , school is my life now . ) I went to dictionary.com, and the first thing I saw was a life insurance advertisement that said \What if you weren't here ? \"" 
They should invent glasses with miniature windsheild wipers . 
went to the Leahy-MacMaster concert on Saturday . It was worth the $8 and the two hours of not doing homework . 
survived today ... or I should say yesterday . Back at it again ... today ! After I get some sleep first . 
discovered that the humanities tour of Europe would actually count toward my < PROPMALE > ! Yet another reason to go ! ( Besides the fact that it's one of my life goals to tour Europe . ) Now all I would have to do is scare up $3000 before I graduate ... 
decided , with the help of < PROPFEMALE > , that I'm going to have a fall wedding with pumkins and pomegranites and stuff for decorations and some kind of pumkin dessert . NOT that I'm having a wedding anytime soon . Don't get all excited . 
finished philosophy before 5:00 today , so I can actually read some more for humanities , and I'm going to the planetarium for the show about black holes tonight . Today is good . 
Aaaugh ! My absentee ballot came a day too late , and housing is filling up already ! At least it's still warm . 
Is it ironic that I had themes from Mozart's Requiem in my head while I was writing a paper on an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe story ? 
is tired of reading about a literary theory that smells of relativism and is wondering how she's going to present it without throwing in some philisophical objections . Is there a literary theory that reflects Kantian Constructivism or something ? Okay , I'm going to eat dinner now ... 
misses red dirt and mountains that you can actually see at any time of day , not just when the sun is behind them or directly across from them . 
is all registered for next semester . I'm finally taking a < PROPMALE > class ! I don't know why , but I've always wanted to learn < PROPMALE > , and now's my < PROPMALE > . I'm also going to be in the symphony . Yay ! 
just\ 
wrote a paper in two hours ! Maybe I really do work better early in the\ 
morning . Now that's out of the way , and all four tests are done . Housing and registration are all taken care of . Today\ 
is Friday . Today is going to be a good day ... once I take a nap . 
Is homesick and Snow College-sick all at the same time . On the up side , we're starting the unit on political philosophy . That'll be interesting . 
just wrote a political philosophy paper . I think that's the most fun I've ever had writing a paper . 
It's been nice being home with my family and out of school for a few days , but I've been doing homework almost the whole time ... Fun , fun ! 
Uh-oh . The heater doesn't seem to be working . [ sHivEr ] At least the internet is ... 
just discovered that she's related to Erastus Snow , the one who co-founded Snow College and named Hurricane Hill . How come I didn't know that before I graduated ?? 
Okay , \ 
I think I've been doing family history stuff for too long today . I\ 
followed the Snow lines , which led to ancient kings of Scotland , \ 
Britain , Wessex , etc . Then I found into cool Old English names like\ 
Freawine and Beorn . Then I got to ... Odin , who was apparantly born\ 
around 215 AD . Mrs. Odin was born around 223 . The line goes on from there until 80 AD ... It was on the Family Search . I promise ! 
finally found the name of and got to hear for the first time in years a piece I'd heard a thousand times as a kid . 
So , in devotional today , Pres . < PROPMALE > asked the girls not to wear heels to devotional if possible so they wouldn't slip on the ice . Then he said to the guys that if they happened to see a girl in heels , they should offer her their arm . I'm pretty sure all the girls are going to wear heels now . Haha . 
wishes the sun would come out more than once a week . I never thought I'd say that . 
thinks it's funny when teachers tell us to get enough sleep . Really ? It's finals week ! Well , four tests down , three to go . 
Last day of philosophy class . Monday was the last day of humanities . Sad . 
is done with English ! Hahaha ! Actually , I think it's the best English class I ever had . 
is done for the semester . Hahaha ! ( That's not the reason for the smiley face -- but it works . ) 
Ah ... Red dirt , mountains , and rain ( instead of snow and ice ) . 
got a 3.76 with an A- in Philosophy . Whew ! Better than expected . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
walked out the door today and couldn't figure out what I was forgetting . Purse ? Check . Keys and phone ? Check . A coat ! No , I didn't need a coat . It feels weird not having to wear a coat , but I'm not complaining ! 
just saw the Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader . The film score composer stole some of my ideas , but oh well . It was an awesome show . Lots of symbolism . 
is pretty much all moved in . Yay ! Now to get to those New Year's resolutions ... 
watched a last Hogan's Heroes episode before starting the new semester . 
I'm trying to shape my mouth around these < PROPMALE > vowels . I didn't realize how many different shapes your mouth and tongue could make . I think I can relate to < PROPFEMALE > Higgins in My Fair Lady . \ 
Well , after the first day of class , I think I'm going to enjoy this semester . 
went swing dancing tonight . I didn't know what i was doing most of the time , but I learned something . Now I can sort of dance to < PROPFIRST > Miller and stuff . 
Dear Humanities book , < PROPFIRST > Purcell was a Baroque composer , not a Renaissance composer . Get it right ! Gosh ! 
had an exciting time at the < PROPMALE > activity . We went swimming at an indoor pool heated by hot springs in the middle of nowhere . Then we drove home in a blizzard with some sort-of epic classical music playing on the radio . ( I've always wanted a soundtrack to my life . ) 
had a Doctor Who marathon with < PROPFIRST > . It was epic . 
is quite impressed with her humanities book . It actually said that socialism doesn't work . You don't ordinarily expect such things from text books . 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to church & school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job , and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic and respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . Copy and paste if you had Mean parents too . 
You know it's cold when your nose starts to freeze on the inside -- and on the outside -- and when the ice squeaks under your feet . 
So , I went to a student composer society meeting this evening . Sonata Allegro form was compared to the Plan of Salvation . Exposition = Pre-existence . Development = Mortality . Recapitulation = Going Home . Only at BYU-I . 
General Bulkarter to Col . Klink : \Would you rather have the responsibility fall on your head or .... [ sinister pause ] ... snowflakes ? \"" 
Dang it ! : l Or in the words of < PROPFIRST > Gamgee , \Noodles ! \"" 
Writers ' workshop and composer society every week ? I can live with that . 
Going on a road trip tomorrow . Yay ! 
In Rexburg , the elements are reduced to snow , wind , and ice . 
Hooray for oranges and spicy stuff . 
made some progress tonight . I made it to 40 single-spaced < PROPFEMALE > s and 25,000 words -- at the same time . ( Yes , there were exactly 25,000 words at the end of < PROPFEMALE > 40 . ) This is my second time making it that far . I'll make it a goal to FINISH this time . HA ! Good night . 
Question : Does anybody in Rexburg have recording equipment ? I'm applying to play in the Shakespeare Festival this summer , and I need a sample tape or CD . 
thinks the snow should just keep melting and not come back this year . 
did research on the causes of WWI for a couple of hours for the weekly mini paper for humanities . Now , I'm having dinner , which involves garlic . 
Ok . I'll join my nerdy brothers in wishing you a happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097494459 \ 
23078164062862089986280348253421170679 ... Day ! 
Es ist sehr windig . 
This is the first St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day I've known for sure that I have < PROPFEMALE > ancestry . They were around over a thousand years ago , but hey ! They were royalty . 
Ha ha ! I quelled the rebellion of the font folders ! Oh ... After many frustrations , I figured out how to get my fonts to work on Linux . I literally had to tell the folders that I own them before I could move my fonts into them . 
It's funny how much you learn about the grammar of your native language when you're trying to learn another language . 
It must be spring . We're hitting the balmy 40s ... and there are bugs . 
