Happy New Year , everyone 

Just got up , and loves summer . 
Dude ! < PROPFIRST > Mays died ! WTF ?! 
Leaving for the cabin early tomorrow morning , won't be back until next week Wednesday . Bye all 
I'm back , everyone just calm down . 
I swear I'm about to throw this computer through a window at the Microsoft Headquarters . But if anyone says anything about MACs , I'll throw it at them . 
Stupid computer ... Fixed now though . 
Camping tip : NEVER throw glowsticks into a fire . 
Just watched ' The Kingdom ' , very good movie . 
Band camp this coming week at CMU 
Band camp , coming back on Friday 
Back from band camp . 
As fa as I know , practice is at 3 tomorrow , if anyone knows otherwise , I'd appreciate if you'd let me know . 
Blacktopping a driveway in 90 degree weather : The perfect thing to do over a weekend ! 
I went down to the sacred store Where I'd heard the music years before , But the man there said the music wouldn't play . 
At < PROPFIRST > Whaley's cabin with some friends for the weekend , then back to the salt mines on monday ... 
No school for me tomorrow ... not for any good reason though ... 
First of 6 in BB class , at out first competition ! Kudos to percussion and guard 
New Greatest Invention ever : Vanilla Pudding Popsicles -- Pudding on a Stick ! 
Nostalgia kinda sucks , doesn't it ? 
I suppose I might as well put this up : You get 1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox or contact me ) Any question , anything . No matter how awkward it can be , I'll answer it honestly , no catch . But I dare you ... to put this as your status and see what people ask you . 
Loathes the holiday season ... 
I never knew that being pissed and happy could go together so flawlessly in so many different connotations . 
For once , things seem to take a turn for the better . 
A person is traveling in a perfectly spherical , transparent object at just over the speed of light . Said person has the nerve to turn on a flashlight . What happens ? 
There is only one better way to spend a day off than drinking Coke , eating popcorn , and watching LoTR . 
Thanks to all the happy-birthday wishers ! 
Be nice to that weird kid in school . One day he might become famous and have unlimited access to high explosives , radioactive materials , and a security clearance second only to the president . 
thinks we should do a Basshunter marching show ... 
is bored out of his mind . This weekend is going to be fun -.- 
has found out how Cleverbot works , it's a very nice crock . 
thinks that Township Ordinances are a load of bull . 
loves her :) but won't get to see her ' til Tuesday :( 
is looking foreward to Saturday :) 
is just wondering : Why do you people who keep getting bashed by that Showerman person not just delete her from your friends ? 
Wooooo ! French project wrapping up the whole marking period due tomorrow ... lets get started ! 
Winter break . Awesome . Now I just need something to do ... 
Happy Festivus , everyone ! 
\Back and to the left . Back and to the left . Back ... and to the left . \"" 
needs his own Barbershop Quartet . 
' s favorite quote of the week : \I try to get in position but you just keep going BAM ! \"" 
Congrats to the Spartans ! 
needs to get a job for this summer ... 
wants to get a Bagpipe . 
hasn't seen < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > Colbert for a while ... and is remembering how awesome they are . 
now has an operational Spud Cannon . Sweeeeet . 
Why are people so INCREDIBLY stupid ? 
< PROPFIRST > Clapton and < PROPMALE > Daltrey at DTE in Detroit ? Yes . Awesome . 
Google NEVER fails to amaze me ! 
is pleased with his new cooler and headset . 
KHAAAANNNNNNN !!!!! 
In addition to finding out that my basement leaks , I also have a buildup of deep purple residue by my groundwater pump . Yay . 
Wow . Portal 2 looks incredible . 
Once again , I complain : Do you recall the scene in Titanic ( either the movie or one of the documentaries ) right after she hits the iceberg , and the rivets are popping out of the hull , and water begins jetting in ? I think I'm living on the Titanic . Hooray . 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > Clapton and < PROPMALE > Daltrey tonight with < PROPFIRST > Whaley , should be awesome . 
There was a fire in the hood this morning , everyone made it out OK , but the house is a total loss . ' Twas a nice house too . 
Great news everyone ! Keeblers now has a cookie that pretty much duplicates girl scout Samoas- but you can get them year round ! Huzzah ! 
baked you a pie . What flavor , you ask ? Pie flavor . 
A Bowling For Soup marching show . Thats what we need ! 
You people make me ill . 
If quizzes are quizzical , then what are tests ? 
A CNN Reporter , while interviewing a < PROPFEMALE > sniper , asked , \What do you feel when you shoot a terrorist ? \ " . \ 
Damn Facebook and its new profile thing . Why can't we just have one giant 4chan-esque imageboard ? 
Tip of the day : Always choose overnight delivery on your mail-order brides . 
And THIS is why we can't have nice things . 
Damn you UPS ! Three days means three days ! 
One cannot simply WALK into Mordor ! 
The rest of my computer gets here today . So much for having a life :P 
I'm now on my kickass new computer . Yeah . 
Ra-Ra-Rasputin ! 
I love GTA IV and its amusing business names . An insurance firm : GetaLife . Ride at the carnival : Bumper and Dumper . 
Anyone know the number 548-5674 ? 
Received : ACT scores . \ 
Reaction : Pleased . 
Ain't that some shit . 
