Feeling better , but is dreading having to get up that early for work tomorrow . 

I want to leave work . 
waiting in a long ass line at the financial aid office . 
Sublimation : Chemistry's middle finger . Fuck you physics . 
Life in itself is merely the perpetual continuation of a state of unpreparedness . Regardless of what we do , there will always be unforseen factors ; 
But this is what we call experience , without it we cease to grow . Without growth , we fall into repose . Always move forward , experience all things in life . 
Whoever has an Xbox Live Account , gimme your details so I can add you . 
Who all's gonna join me for the Mid-Lands Pirate Festival this coming weekend . ( 25-26 ; Bellevue < PROPFIRST > Patch ) 
< PROPFIRST > has an extreme loathing for annoyingly whiny children . ;D 
Can one truly know oneself ? Is the value of self intrinsic to what makes us ourselves ? Or is the value of self derived from the views of those around us and we become what others perceive us to be ? 
Note : Murder is not an appropriate method of career advancement . 
Talk nerdy to me . 
Medal of Honor : Just finished the campaign on the first time through , all in all it's worth a buy if you love the series , but more of a rent if you just wanna try it out . Haven't yet tried the online multiplayer , but I assume it'll be pretty much the same as MW series . 
I am a man with many masks , can you tell which is the real me ? 
You know how I start out my day ? I follow a strict regimen of the four food groups . And every food group is bacon . 
Is eating at his favorite place ; Grecian Gyros . 
Science is a verb now ! 
8 A.M. for Philosophy ; Sky melding with horizon , dew laden grass staining the cuffs of my jeans with moisture , Icy chill cutting to the bone . A beautiful morning 
Random Musing for the Day : Drama breeds drama . Don't start none , don't get none . If you still get some , it means somewhere along the lines you did indeed start some . The world is a harsh place , grow some thick skin and deal with it . 
Powdered doughnuts make me go nuts ~ ! 
Is a compulsive liar . 
Don't talk to strangers . Unless they have < PROPFEMALE > and offer you a ride ... even then , don't do it unless they're dressed like a clown ... a sad clown . 
Have a twitter account ? Gimme . 
If it weren't for law enforcement and physics I would be UNSTOPPABLE ! 
Game Rules : Grab the book closest to you right now . Open it to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Choose the 5th sentence . Publish this as your status and type that sentence as your comment . 
Zombie Survivalist Tip 1 : It's not survival of the fittest when the zombies come ; It's survival of those with the most weapons and general knowledge of any and everything that might come up . 
Amor ut illusio morosa tantum servat torquere animam hominis . Libidinis in purissimo sensu est < PROPFEMALE > humanitas . 
Ego ineptis socialem situ . :D 
One day , I shall rule the world . Eventually ... when I get around to it . I think I'll start tomorrow .... y'know what , fuck it . I'mma go play Xbox . 
Lol , to all those of you who said so , thank you for the \happy birthday\ " s . " 
