i am bored 

Face book is confusing 
God Bless Every one . 
hey yall . 
a little lonley , wich is why im on here 
single 
GOING TO A NEW PLACE TO LOOK FOR A JOB TOMARROW !!! There is someone on here , that God is trying to send a message to , but they are not being very reseptive , he put the words in my heart to tell you , that now it is time to let go of that somthing you have been holding onto , your life is about to change dramaticly . call me crazy if you want to , but you know who you are . 
i feel like a grown up , kinda like i need to get my grown woman on . 
broken hearted , and pissed . you wouldnt think it would be so easy to get your heart hurt when your single . but when one of my family is hurt to the heart , it affects me the same way it affects them , if not more . 
i am trying somthing new , i usually dont share my real feelings with alot of people . to me sharing how i feel with others leaves me vulnerable , wich is somthing i hate , because it is the same as being weak . :( 
feeling better 
lonley , wishing i had someone to chat with , on here because i dont have a phone . 
i know that i really need to go to sleep , but i tried , i always try and i cant . so i spend my insomniac life on the computer . 
being a neighboor to the < PROPFEMALE > . yippie . 
Ready to go to work . 
cloud 11teen !!! 
to those of you that me or my brother talk to on here , please know that we r not ignoring you , our internet has not been working for the past couple of days . 
Im excited , worried , confused , happy , and scared . and its all about going back to Texas next year . 
My new years resolution is to make two things better in my life , no particular two things , just two things . ;) 
I kinda feel like batting my eyes , and smiling . :) 
good night yall , God Bless . 
just got home , cold and tired . 
good night all . 
Pink 
chilled out , bout to get off of here . Goodnight ya'll 
I jumped on a baseball bat in a hole because Im Sexy and I do what I want . 
For those of you who dont know , I have a Poetry < PROPFEMALE > on Myspace.com . If you want to find it , look it up by the email adress : talley.jessica3@gmail.com if you like poetry , feel free to leave your comments and opinions . 
chillan like a villan 
My Fine is $375 
3:00 am another aftershock hit Hati . Though it was an after shock , it was a 6.0 . they have found two survivors in the rubble , they were burried there for days . 
todays goal accomplished . It was to post up 5 new poems on myspace . 
Good night , meaningfull prayers , and God Bless . 
ARE YOU A TURTLE ??????????????????????????????? 
I am amazing right now , reallly freakin amazing . wow 
so far I dont like the changes , it would be nice if they dcould just leave shit alooone 
on a really big cloud ... hip hip hooray 
save the talkin for the phone , and walk whatcha know 
It feels Great to get back in touch with good friends that you've lost comunication with . 
hating when plans suddenly change , but still loving being single . 
I'm trying not to be too paranoid , even though being paranoid seems like the right thing to do . 
I kinda have this energy , that I need to use some how , lol . hmmmmmmmmm what to do ? 
this day can start going better any time now 
seriously on the hunt for sleep , I know its hiding around here somewhere , there are rewards in store for information of sleep's where abouts . lol 
sooo happy , back in touch with my sista from another mista 
thank God for another day survived , another breath in my lungs , and another wrinkle in my brain . 
The past will always effect the present and the future , but be careful not to let it effect to much . 
stress free liven for the moment 
gotta say , I love how blessed I am , I have the best family and friends that I could ask for . 
and to all a good night 
Hppy Brthdy Guy , for those of you that dont know Guy , he is my older brother , and the only Father figure I've ever known , He's a very caring and goofy person . He's a protector of the weak , and trys to teach others strength . so even though he's stubborn as hell , and gets on my last nerve sometimes , he has done alot for my mom , me , and my other siblings . And ladies , He is taken by one of the best , and I got her back . 
I think I actually met someone I like . sweeeeet . <3 , 
Fantabulous , and outstanding , thats how I feel . 
Hello to all my ninjas , My internet is actin up , so some of yall may not be able to get ahold of me unless u have my number . 
Kids having a field day at school to day , Thank God Im well rested . 
Happy Birthday Steph , and happy June teenth . 
happy as a < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Fathers Day to all Who Deserve it . 
New On Here . http://bit.ly/9jfcKO 
Just got An account on tagged . 
Good Morning all , what a beautiful day . My Only Son is graduating from kindergarten today ! so excited , hoping someone is back with the car soon . 
Good morning my ninjas , it looks like its going to be a beautiful day here in Washington today ! so excited to have another day with sunshine . 
Im feelin mighty delicious this morning , good morning my ninjas , may the sun bless u with its presence . 
bout to get my party on 
Last night was fun , a lil < PROPMALE > over this morning , but it was woth it . 
Just deleted my Blackplanet and my Tagged accounts . 
all smiles over here , take a deep breath my ninjas . 
Im just here luvin life , <3 
waiting on a phone call , hoping he's not sleep yet . 
MAn Insomnia sUCKs , imma be up all night , by myself , didnt even really get to see no fire works , thought at least we was gonna come home and have fun , but every body bailed out on that !! And now imma b up all night by my self . 
so happy talkin to this really sexy man right now !! 
never been happier , chillan wit my baby . 
It seems like nobody here is happy but me , I'm going to leave , because my mood is starting to be effected , and im finally happy after not being for sooo long . screw this , I'm out . 
I'm in day dream mode , waiting for my baby to call . 
Still awake at 4 in the morning . yippie . 
what up my ninjas ? how is everybodys day ? 
good morning to all of my ninjas , have a great day 
trying not to be so anxious 
Have you ever had somebody , that makes the sun shine brighter ? 
is feeling very blessed , and enjoying the weather . 
I really hate emotions . 
im good 
what a great morning 
Listening to Afroman - Whack Rappers on Hypster.com http://soc.li/eZvtOIY 
waiting for my kids to get here , snd my baby to call . 
going to get off of here finally and go to myspace to listen to my music . I have a new favorite song on there called \Sunday Morning\ " by Sleepy Brown . ;-) " 
needs more sunshine 
is feeling a lil forgoten about . 
irritable , almost time to empty my bottle . I guess I'm a little more sensitive than i thought . 
about to be 100% pissed !!!!!!!!! 
all better now :) 
Hey , for my myspace poetry < PROPFEMALE > people , I posted 2 new poems 2day , the first 1 is short , and the second one is a lil scary for some . take a look and let me know what you think . :-) 
so glad im feeling so much better . 
Challenging my brother to a staying awake contest . lol . He knows I have insomnia :) 
I might have just made a life changing choice . Imma leave it in God's hands , if it was meant to happen it will , and if it wasn't it won't . 
I am very confused about some things now , I think i need a hug . :( 
To my close friends who actually have my phone number , If I dont answere your call today , please dont be offended . just let me be . 
good morning all , happy b-day sis . 
hey peps , if you want to get a hold of me , you have 20 minutes to do so or wait until 2 marrow . I wont be accepting ANY calls after that time period , untill 2marrow . 
thinkin bout my children , God is good . He gave me 3 angles . <3 
still up , waiting for my sleepy to kick in , would be nice if I had someone to talk to , now that my phone is fully charged and all . 
I wish I could go outside and do back flips through the sprinklers naked , while blinding all the animals , just for something to do !! lol , im bored as hell . 
staying positive , though it is a hard thing to do . 
I just drank a 40 of mickeys ice . tryna get shit off my mind , Im drunk , but imma go for a walk anyway . its still daytime over here . 
May we all be blessed . :-) 
i€ feel absolutley amazing right now . :) 
wide awake homies , hit me on my celly . ;) 
time seems to pass so slow , tick tock , tick tock . 
still up , wishin i could be talkin to my baby . bubble bath time ! 
hello all , still awake . hope everybodys having a good morning . < PROPFIRST > , i might need some of those energy pills after all ! 
Trying this 4rm my phone 4 the first time ! 
I got such a headache , in need of good lovin . Lol\ 
< PROPMALE > 
Learnin some new shit . \ 
Chillan with my homie , smiling\ 
To all my lubbock people , call me , its important . \ 
Drunk off a 40 of budwiser . Fun stuff . \ 
It feels like one of those socializing type of days ! \ 
hopefully Ill be sleep soon , tryna go to H fest tomarrow . :) 
whats up my ninjas ? what it do ? who it be ? 
hello hows every body doing . 
Good morning peeps ! Cheers to another beautiful day . 
wide awake now , Good morning Facebook . 
Ive been in my own fantasy world in certain parts of my life for a while now , wasting time , seeing what I wanted to see , wishing 4 more than what was there . Im awake now , its time for a change . ;) 
Clarity is one of the greatest things , depending on how you choose to look at it . 
good morning my ninjas , It's time to take care of < PROPFEMALE>'s wax . 
what up yall ? hope everybody is having a great day . 
3days and counting down until We Leave . TExaS bound . 
a lil irritated , but I wont be 4 long , infact Imma be on top of the world . ALL SMILES MY NINJA'S! 
good morning ninjas , are you a turtle ? 
Wishing i could be in texas already , and wishing i could think of happy thoughts . :( 
We in Texas , 2 hours and 26 minutes 2 go ! \ 
Imma live life and be okay , and push through the pain everyday , the sun is coming out to dry my tears , of scaring memories from yonder years . \Jess \"" 
hey yall , how is everybody ? 
who knew that I would end up back in Chatman Hill , the same place where I grew up in Lubbock . 
So excited , im finally under 200lbs again . Havent seen that in a while ! \ 
Good morning friends and family , congrats 4 making it to see another day . \ 
goodnight y'all . 
Be patient , humble , and sympathetic . 
Im back where it all started , if at 1rst u dont succeed , go back and try again . 
what up my ninjas , hope everybody's day is going well . \WESTSIDE \"" 
Good Morning my ninja's . Slap yourself for not being me , and go on about your day . lmao . jk . 
Tryin 2 think positive . \ 
What up my ninjas ? Enjoy yo life , and yo freedom . ;-) 
Thinking to much right now , a little stressed . Im also thinking about getting my hair in dreds ! \ 
So bored yet so awake . \ 
Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear Darian , Happy birthday to you . Happy birthday to my only son , Darian . mommy loves you . 
Good morning my ninjas , how r yall 2day ? \ 
Wishin 4 chocolate . 
really could use a laugh right now . 
Imma b at the park , all day , at my favorite table , thinking , writting , planning , ect ... \ 
My grandmas dog is missing ! Some one jumped the fence and stold it ! \ 
Thank heavens , we found the dog . \ 
I hope your day turns out 2 b as good as mine is gonna b . \ 
Welcome back insomnia , its 5:40 in the morning , and Im still awake . just like old times . 
went to sleep finally at 7 am , woke up and the day had left me . 
Aint it crazy when that one light bulb comes on that you have been waiting for , then you feel like an idiot or a jerk ? dont mind me , just thinking to much . 
Good morning yall 
Sittin on the edge of the < PROPFEMALE > , looking down at a storm that called out just 4 me . 
Fixin 2 climb a tall latter . 
its 4:00 am and im still awake , yippee . bored out of my mind and broker than the ten comandments . 
Yesterday is gone and in the past , today is here , and 2marrow is not promised , so wave good bye to yesterday and keep the memories , say hello to today and live , and remember that every coming minute is the future . < PROPMALE > . 
Thanking God that my baby girl okay !!! what a relief . 
Good morning my ninjas , and welcome to another weekend . hope ya'll have a great day . 
Its 705am and finally Im sleepy 
Good morning my ninjas , and Happy Halloween . 
I hope this day goes well , its 849 am , and im already annoyed . \ 
I got that there stomach virus , lol who says family doesnt share ? 
What up my ninjas ? congrats for making it to see another Saturday . 
Eating this amazing soup my grandma made . Happy . \ 
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry , have needed someone so bad , you cant sleep at night , have you ever tried to find the words but they dont come out right , have you ever .......... 
Looks like imma be on the bus 4 a long while , i just hope i make my destination b 4 its 2 late . \ 
Still on the bus , and now its getting dark . \ 
I might not be single anymore , but I'm not sure just yet . We will see . 
Wishin everybody a blessed day . 
Yeah ... Cancel that boyfriend business , imma stay single 4 a while . \ 
( 1/2 ) Remember , we all struggle in life in order 2 better appriciate the good times , and the more we appriciate the good times , the more good times become 
( 2/2 ) great times . \ 
Had a great day chillin with the fam , and hearing missed voices . 
Be ware emotion prompted decisions 
My heart is both my strength and my weakness . \ 
W/ <3 4rm a thug . 
When life gives you lemons , freeze them and throw them at who ever made u feel that way . It will make u feel alot better . Lol 
Blah blah blah bored . \ 
I like facebook 4 the most part , but a small part of me really hates it . 
Sleep shmeep , who needs it ? Not me apparently ! Lol , yippie im still awake . \ 
Got my 4 cheese cakes done , 2 marrow i make my candied yams , and i helped with the pudding . 
Happy Turkey Day yall 
I'm thankful that things are what they are right now , both good and bad . Though things could be better , but they could also be much worse . Today was another day , that I was aloud to wake up again , and breath again , and have yet another oppertunity to live a whole new day . 
Here is to great times , big hearts , shared knowledge , and having family and friends you love . Most of you people in my life freakin rock , luv u guys . 
wondering what tomorrow will bring ! 
still awake at 5:34 in the morn . what's new ? sleepy but cant sleep , bored out of my mind . 
Been cleaning out my closet all day , except for my two hour break , lol . 
I feel so blank ... blah blah blah . 
Have a blast being you , and enjoy each other . You never know when life could come to a screeching hault . 
I'm going to delete my account tomorrow . If you want to get ahold of me call or email me . 206-592-7486 talley.jessica3@gmail.com . 
well Im back fbook . I have no life . lol . 
yay , Jacory is here !!! :D 
There is nothing better than having the fam together . good times , good times . 
Knowledge is power when shared , and im bored out of my mind ! 
It's crazy how time and distance can change people , be you whenever and where ever . < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas yall . ;) * 
craziness 
aint been sleep scince 11 am yesterday , still wide awake . ;) 
Happy new year yall 
We will miss our unk , \Big daddy\ " Aka Regular Goree Jr. RIP " 
good morning yall , and good night 4 me . yall have some wonderful awake time . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Insomnia sucks , bored out of my mind !!! Is any body awake out there ? \ 
< PROPMALE > . 
Just sitting here by my self , listening 2 oldies . Memories , la la la . \ 
Sittin on the dock of the bay , watchin the tides roll away , sittin on the dock of the bay , waisting time ...... 
Dear virus creating bastards , i hope somebody finds you and beats the shit out of you with an oak bat with < PROPFEMALE > wire wrapped around it !!! \ 
Im trying 2 go 2 sleep early 2night , wish me luck . \ 
2morrow , the one day i have 2 leave the house , its supposed 2 be 19 for the high and snow ! Yuck and bahumbug . I hate winter . 
I need a ride friends , can you help me out ? \ 
Never mind , got one . Thanks . \ 
happy tax season yall 
Glad 2 be over food poisoning , now imma b up all night cause i slept all day . Preparing 4 a boring night . < :\\ > \ 
I lost 4 lbs thanks to the food poisoning diet . See there is good in everything , lol . 
Happy Valentines Day yall . Thanks 4 the < PROPFEMALE > Tasha . \ 
What a crazy weird interesting good week . 
Headed 2 Lamesa 4 a few days , but imma b in touch . 
9 Years ago to this very day , I was blessed with my first child . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , mommy misses u sooo much . Love you . 
Boooooooooreeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddddd . 
\rme\ " means : rolling my eyes . Example- \ " some people just dont get it 
On March 5th , 2005 , my youngest daughter , < PROPFEMALE > set her eyes on the world 4 the 1rst time . Happy birthday baby girl , mommy misses and loves u so much . \ 
Sooooooo Glad to be HOME !!! My boring world is so welcoming , what a relief to be home ! < : * > \ 
What up family , friends , lovers , and ex lovers on my face book < PROPFEMALE > , I hope you ninjas are having a great day , imma try to have a little fun 2day ;-) , and yall should too ! 
thankfully I've been meeting a few new people latley , to keep my mind off the one(S ) Imma delete out of my life soon . I hate when people waist my time , ( YOU ARE NOT THAT SPECIAL !!!!! ) thats all for now yall . < PROPMALE > 
Good morning all , hope yall slept well . 
My phone is only off for a few hours , it'll be back on 2night , so if you tried to reach me and couldnt , try again l8tr . < PROPMALE > . 
I think Imma take < PROPFEMALE > to the park 4 a while ... enjoy the beautiful sunshine . 
I might be going to Lamesa again this weekend , hopefully I can get a way there 4 my cousins birthday party , and hopefully no drama this time . Wish me luck . 
Im sooo restless , its one of those kinda nights . 
( 1/2 ) Dear fb friends , Saturday , April 9th @ 3:00 pm , there will be a baby shower , for my sister @ our place . Everyone is invited , and should feel free to bring 
( 2/2 ) gifts 4 the baby girl we are welcoming in . Pleasd let me know if u would like to come , thnx . \ 
Labrina and < PROPFEMALE > , extra love goin out to yall 4rm me , call me 24/7 . 
Good morning all , and happy Saturday . Take today to force yourself to ignore the stress for a while , breath , smile , and go nuts . 
allergies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
waiting for my brain to exhale , but still so far so good . 
Hypothetical question : If in a relationship between a man and woman , if the woman gets to have a girlfriend , should the guy be alowed to have another girlfriend ? 
The weather up here is fantastic ! Get on my level . Where am I again ? \ 
Just a reminder , < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower is today @ 3pm at our place . If u r coming pls call me @ 206 592 7486 . \ 
suddenly I find my self alone in my apartment , singing my favorite songs . 
Good morning all , and happy Sunday ... yawn . \ 
lost in my own world right now , get back at you l8tr . 
what up my ninjas ? how yall durn today ? 
chillan listening to my fav music artist . 
Lol , I remember when my oldest daughter , Gabby , dropped a big metal flashlight on her daddies head , ha ha ha . < PROPFIRST > u member that ? Lol . \ 
Goodmorning my ninjas , its going to be a beautiful day in la la land . ;-) 
just made the best most flavorful sandwich ever , it was AMAZING . 
so far it was a good day over all , boring , but rather that than drama , now just chillan , waiting on my sister to get here , thinkin about special people , <3 . 
I miss my babies soooooo much , < PROPFEMALE > , Darian , and < PROPFEMALE > , mommy loves you guys so much , and I'll see yall before you know it , as long as God see's fit . 
Rme , u gotta be kidding , this lil youngsta , lol . Cant wait till l8tr . \ 
Stressin ! im finna listen to a few good songs , then get ready to bounce . 
whats up peeps , thanks < PROPFEMALE > ;-) . hope yall are having a good day . 
Bored as hell . 
Holding my self back , you better be glad im holding me back , <;)> . \ 
Good morning all . Lets get it started . 
Just got back 4rm a long walk , bout to go on another , I gotta clear my head . \ 
today was a pretty good day . hope to have another like it or better some time soon . ;-) 
Good morning and happy 4-20 everybody !!!! 
Ha ha ha ha , aah haaa HA HA HA , LMFAO , LOL HA HA HAAA ! \ 
going to the park 
Every flaw I have , is a flaw that is there on purpose . 
lol , hahaha , I wish a that dude would try to do something to me ... bring it my nigga , you dont know who YOU fuckin with !!!! 
man ... i feel so much better ... sigh . 
bored now , but thats better than drama . 
:) Talking 2 my babies , always makes my day so much better :) \ 
Im just on here out of boredom . 
I may stand with a cane at times , but I always stand tall , and though i may lose my balance , I get back up when i fall , I may have many flaws , but purposely those flaws are there , and my flaws make me , me , down to the split ends of my hair . 
Good mornin all , it's a beatiful day with lots of sunshine , and no clouds here in Lubbock today , and for those of you who are here , I hope yall enjoy it . 
crying hysterically !!! my phone went in the water !! boo hoo . sorry if you have been tryna reach me , but its taken apart , drying right now as i type . hope it works again real soon !!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all of yall . 
wishin i had my phone . ohter than that a pretty good day so far . 
Most of the time i have no idea wtf to put on here , but I'm alive , wish i had my phone to talk to my babies , and dying of boredom in the house . 
R . I . P M-Bone \Teach Me How To Dougie \"." 
hmmmm , mmmmmkaaaaaaaaay . 
Hello , and good morning to all . I dont know what Imma be doing today , but my plan is to have a good day and stay blessed . Hope ya'll do the same :) 
Thank you all once again for the birthday wishes , Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your awesome gift , ( you know me well ) i love it . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your gift , you dont know how much I been needing that . Had a great b-day , thanks everybody . 
On today @ 11am , My lil sis had a 6lb6oz baby girl . they will be in the hospital for a few days , because she was early , but she looks healthy and beautiful so far !!! 
RIP and Happy birthday dad , if only if only . 
IT's currentley 101 degrees in Lubbock right now ! and it's not even officially summer yet ! got the heat on hell 4 real , lol . 
what do yall got goin on for the day ??? 
Good morning all , stay blessed , stay strong , and stay out of my way , lol , jk . 
:) ;) 
I enjoyed the five minute T-storm we had last night , kinda miss my neighboors a little , any way its < PROPMALE > payin day .... smell a flower , watch a bird , enjoy life . ;-) 
OK , so i have my phone again but lost all my contacts so if you would kindly send me your number in a message , that would be great . btw its the same number ;-) 
Lubbock may be hot , rainless , boring , and a lil hood , but its home , and i love it . 
welcome to another day . 
Good morning yall , enjoing a cig and coffee ; 0 
Rain is but a wonderful memory . 
It rained for 5 minutes again ! Yippie , thats twice in one month ! 3rd time this year ! Lol . 
We r under severe thunder storm warning with the works ! How awesome is that ? \ 
Baby J , <3 
Congrats on waking up this morning ;-) . 
morning yall , what r yall doing today ?? 
Good morning all , its still hard 2 belive that Dametria is gone . im going to miss u big cousin , rest in peace . 
Its 11 38 at night , and 85 degrees . Goodnight all . \ 
Its time to hit the lights , and lock the doors tight , sweet dreams to all , and to all , a good night . \ 
Im melting , im melting , oh what a world . 
Good morning and happy fathers day to all . \ 
it's already 103 degrees , supposed to get to 107 , keep yalls butts in the house if u live in lubbock . 
On our way to Hobbs , see yall in a bit fam . \ 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > , hope its a good one . \ 
Been up scince 5:15 am , yawn . Lets see what today holds . 
do be do be dooo 
Its 114 degrees . Got the heat on hell . \ 
Wishin i could reach Pluto right now , tear , lol . 
My poor dog still needs a home , asap . If yall know anybody who wants one let me know asap please !!! 
waiting on TJ now , then our fam will be whole again . 
When I go back to Seattle , Im going to miss this Texas life alot , along with these texas people , and texas food . :-( , not leaving yet , but the time slips away , faster by each moment . 
I'm so thankful that I am blessed enough to learn something new everyday , so blessed to have a strong unified family , so blessed to have friends with < PROPFEMALE > hearts , i wouldn't trade this drama filled , rough , stressfull ass life , for anything in the world . 
eatin cheeto puffs !!! 
Dear Texas , I bid you good bye . back across the US for me . 
