My horse was wild today . I think he was trying to imitate a bouncy ball . The weird thing is when he's wild he's also sidedead . Oh well , having a normal horse is overrated lol . If you knew him you'd understand . He may not be the smartest but he's almost always happyand has the funniest personality 

AHHHHH !!!!!!! I've been having horse-withdrawl syptoms school is majorly cutting into my horse time(not that I actually have anything against school in general ) . NEED MORE HORSE TIME . Okay random breakdown over , but seriously I haven't been able to get to the barn for 6 whole days and it's driving me crazy . 
My horse was WILD again but at least I didn't hit my head on the rafters over the jumps today . I'm sick of the mud and rain , my horse wants to go outside and play with his buddies 
My horse wants the rain to stop so he can play with his buddies and not be WILD . I swear he tries to imitate a bouncy ball every time he doesn't get turnout . 
< PROPMALE > absolutly hated his hour long flat work session today . We did serpentines and tons of bending . He really hated my spurs and the fact I was making him go foreward too . 
I jumped 3ft 3in today :D I didn't actually know I was jumping that till after my lesson though , lol 
I jumped ground poles today , when the trainers away the kids will play LOL I even got a \lesson\ " from one of the younger kids . Had a good time though . Just goofed off(within reason ) with my horse who is the BEST !!!!!!!!!!!! and thinks he should jump ground poles hard . No denying he loves his job .. even if he has to put up with me lol " 
got my eye surguery today 
I can't do anything horse related 4 2 whole entire months because my eyes need to heal 
My eye is getting better fast , I can ride next week yay ! 
My horse was Reserve Champion in Children's < PROPMALE > , 2nd in the classic , and his rider Abi Huse won the medallion(not sure if I spelled it right ) 
My legs are sore after riding my horse < PROPMALE > for the first time in 4 whole weeks after my eye surgury(or however you spell it ) < PROPMALE > was a good boy for me and he didn't even get playtime because of the rain . He didn't even < PROPMALE > when I caught him in the mouth once ... over 2ft , sigh , well can't rush these things . 
I'm getting a new computer 
My dog < PROPFEMALE > got loose today and jumped into one of those pond things people have in their yards 
My horse < PROPMALE > was the children’s < PROPMALE > champion at the Mechlin Farms Horse Show thanks to Abi Huse 
Play the color game : Copy this into your status & see what people rate you , Red = I love you , Pink = your cute , Green = your funny , Orange = I like you , White = I use to like you , Yellow = your amazing , Black = I hate you , Blue = Friends 4 ever 
I CAN FINALLY RIDE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
I went swimming today 
I gave my dog , AKA her < PROPMALE > highness a bath today and boy is she mad at me 
going 2 lake 2moro 
day 2 at the lake having tons of fun . 
back home from weekend at the lake 
Went to the barn and had a lesson today , the first in little over a month and jumped 2’6 
A few words of(cleaned up ) wisdom from < PROPFEMALE > about the jerks in our lives who ditch us , be it a friend , bf , gf , bff , etc\ 
“Well , I lived without em’ once ... He kicked me in the butt when I was with em’ and he’s gonna kick me in the butt now that he’s gone , but I’ve lived without em’ kickin’ me in the butt before and I’ll live without em’ again . ” 
Rode my horse < PROPMALE > today and jumped 2’6-2’9 ish , the two stride may have been 3ft but i didn’t really look . He was absolutely perfectly wonderful and felt amazing . I also rode a mare named < PROPFIRST > shes only been jumping for a month and is perfect , easy changes and all , she has some brain up there . Also had a fun Saturday taking the Caspian ponies to their first show , they were great and incredibly calm . 
planning on showing the ponies at Ridgefield . 
had a lesson today and jumped 3ft finally its , been like what 3 lessons . Can’t wait till they get bigger ... never thought I’d say that lol 
I just found my hamster alive ... in the air conditioning system 
< PROPMALE > got himself beat up ... again , you’d think he’d learn not to pester the other horses . You know its bad when your horse is turned out with the patient ones . 
Long hot day working at the barn and extremely thankful for the help I got . Since Ellen’s at pony finals , I made my horsey do lots of flat work . He was so mad lol at least he didn’t < PROPMALE > me off today ... like yesterday when I went out to help hack the horses 
I finally got the last book in the Unicorn Chronicles !!!!!!!!! 
I finished the last book of the Unicorn Chronicles :) 
I just found out there is a horse who is actually allergic to grass ... 
It’s too hot . I hate hot 
I got a new haircut 
School 2moro 
First day of school and I didn’t see < PROPMALE > at all . Mayb this will work 
apparently I’m a math tutor ... I never thought I would say that in a million years lol math and science r my worst subjects 
I forgot how tiring school can b 
“It’s almost unbearable isn’t it ? The feeling of being all alone . I’ve been there . In that same dark and lonely place . But , I’ve found others , others who accept me for who I am . That’s why I will protect them . ” 
Just found out my horse is a grandson of Mr. Prospector and related to Affirmed , Barbaro , Smarty Jones , Funny Cyde , and Alysheba . As well as a great grandson of Raise a Native by Native Dancer I think ... Did not expect that 
On my horse’s mom’s side he is a grandson of Danzig and a great great grandson of Northern Dancer and Bold Ruler . So he is related to Storm Cat , Big Brown , Secretariat , Ruffian , and Seattle Slew . 
I survived my first week back at school with only slight mental scarring lol 
My horsey was champion in children’s < PROPMALE > with 2 blues over fences and a 3rd on the flat thanks to my friend Abi and her wonderful ride 
I’m ready 4 summer ... thats a very bad sign 
I accidentally washed my phone in the washing machine ... hope it works when it drys out 
Happy Z = equals cutest grand prix horse ever . She does victory dances lol 
my phone turns on but the screen isn’t working , going 2 give it a few more days 2 dry and hope 4 the best 
My phone works !!!!!!!!!!!! 
“Oh how I long for the deep sleep dreaming\ 
The goddess of imaginary light”\ 
-Imaginary , Evanescence 
My horse lost a shoe and tore his foot up . He better not have made himself lame again his feet r 2 different sizes now . Recap : So he has one torn up foot and the other has sand cracks including a rather long 1 , oh the joys of TB hooves during this time of year 
“Others have seen what it is and asked why . I have seen what it could be and asked why not . ” 
“Break time is over back to resting” 
Rode ponies today going to the black light dance tomorrow 
Rode my horsey bareback 2day ... after cleaning out the tack room and moldy tack . There were so many flippin spiders . 
“Others have seen what is and asked why . I have seen what it could be and asked why not . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > Picasso 
When the trainer’s away the kids will play 
When I watch Dirty Jobs I remember how my job could always b worse 
“When there is a true < PROPFEMALE > in the heart and that < PROPFEMALE > is strong ... That is when he finds real strength that he did not know he had ! ” 
”Those who break rules and regulations are called filth , but those who don’t care about their companions ... are even lower than filth . \ " , 201 0-0 9-08 23:42:02 " 
The good thing about my bad day at school 2day is that it hasn’t gotten any worse 
TGIF and the end of a rough week 
I’m bored 
“Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly” 
If\ 
you're braveyou'll copy this into your status and see what people rate \ 
you ! :) [ 1]Crazy . [ 2 ] Wish we went out . [ 3 ] Talkative . [ 4]Sarcastic . \ 
[ 5]Lovable . [ 6 ] Strong . [ 7 ] Dumb . [ 8 ] Spoiled . [ 9 ] hot . [ 10 ] Wild . \ 
[ 11]Goofy . [ 12 ] Funny . [ 13 ] Awesome . [ 14 ] Amazing . [ 15 ] Beautiful . \ 
[ 16 ] ......... Cute . [ 17 ] Best friend . [ 18 ] Silly [ 19 ] Hate you [ 20 ] \ 
gorgeous :) 
can’t stop thinking about how fast life is moving ... so many things are changing , yet so many things are the same . 
I hate homework 
“you were the one that made me strong , made me stand up on my own . With every cruel intention you helped me find my independence” 
Easy A = really funny and so incredibly true about rumors 
Hey horse ppl , any1 know how 2 keep weight on a horse with metabolism problems 
“You are working for your justice ... and I for mine . We are just ordinary people driven to revenge in the name of justice . But if revenge is called justice , then that justice breeds yet more revenge ... and becomes a chain of hatred” Pein 
“When people get hurt they learn to hate ... when people hurt others , they become hated and wracked with guilt . But knowing that pain allows people to be kind . Pain allows people to grow ... and how you grow up is up to you” -Jiraiya 
”Even if you are a bird in a cage , if you are smart enough you will be able to open the cage yourself” -Genma(I think ) 
hey Borgia ppl is this friday a dress down day 
got a new haircut 2day 
Ridgefield with the ponies this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
”Can’t help it if I space in a daze . My eyes tune out the other way . I may switch off and go in a daydream . In this head my thoughts are deep , sometimes I can’t even speak . Would someone be and not pretend I’m off again in my world” - < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne 
fell off a pony and onto a metal fence on my arm ... well its not broken at least the pony was good by the end of our little “talk” about who was allowed 2 b the stubborn 1 lol 
is tired from a busy weekend ... this week is going 2 b fun 
just got the urge 2 go ice skating while on a walk ... weird lol\ 
i think i’d need 2 get my skates all sharpened and stuff first though ... i bet my skates feel neglected havent had the < PROPMALE > 2 skate in a long time i kinda miss it ... its so fun 
My homecoming dress came !! 
had tons of fun at the football game 
iz going 2 skaterz 2day 
had fun at skaterz had forgotten how much i luv that place 
is tired after another busy yet fun weekend 
is really mad at some1 
doesn’t want 2 do homework 
Eon Dragoneye Reborn ... really good book 
Homecoming this weekend 
Doggonit !!!! 
Homecoming 2nite !!!!!!! 
Homecoming was tons of fun 
is extremely tired and sore work on top of homecoming 
I know someone whose pony bucked off Miley Cyrus’s little sis lol weird 
“I found power in accepting the truth of who I am . It may not be a truth that others can accept , but I cannot live any other way . How would it be to live a lie every minuet of your life ? I don’t think I could do it . ” -Lady Dela , Eon Dragoneye Reborn 
has 2 make 2 pages out of “we sure as h*ll don’t know so we’re just gonna label it a mystery and b done with it” oh theology , what did u do 2 deserve such insane teachers 
iz thinking about getting back in2 music \ 
im thinking guitar this time cuz my sis already has one or mayb the harp again ... loved the harp but didn't really like practicing every day or dressing up 4 recitals lol anyway , we'll see how it turns out I'm not one for daily practicing 
Paramore is flippin’ addicting 4 some reason 
”u know logic has a brother and his name is SHUT THE HELL UP” 
“What is this thing you call Normal ? Is it contagious ? OMG don’t touch me I might catch your normal !!!!! ” 
iz soooo incredibly bored yet doesn’t want 2 do any homework 
worst theology class ever !!!!! grrrrrrr i hate this paper thing 
going 2 a 1 day event this weekend may catch ride a horsey along with my 2 small pony rides 
Paramore is awesome !!! Do not deny this fact . 
CUTE !!!!!! ^^ lol inside joke kinda ... :P 
Please remember my little sister Sammi in your prayers ... she broke her arm badly and has a puncture wound from the broken bone . She’s been in a lot of pain ... She has 2 b 1 of the bravest ppl ever . She has 2 have a surgery 2 straighten the bone and clean the puncture . 
Sammi will b fine in 2-2½ months if there r no problems . The surgery went well and she should b feeling much better . No permanent damage is expected . She just needs 2 stay still and keep her arm held in a certain position for a bit . Please remember her in ur prayers ... she’s been so brave ... I couldn’t b any prouder of her . 1 last thing , she can’t wait 2 get back in the saddle . 
iz tired from playing musical horseys at the mini event . It was lots of fun though . < PROPMALE > , Sumara , and Frazar were amazing . 
”If only you could step in my shoes , You’d know how I feel , you’d know I’d be good for you If only you could step in my shoes Baby you’d see what I mean and let me just make a move If only you could step in my shoes” 
no school on Friday !!!!!! 
my < PROPFIRST > paper preveiw lol\ 
“The Church is a mystery because it combines both the human and the divine . Those two things are as different as the Sahra Desert and the North Pole ; < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ; PETA and bacon lovers . The list goes on and on . ”\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Kang < PROPFIRST > logy paper lol\ 
I figure if I’m going 2 write it weather I want 2 or not may as well have fun while writing it . :P 
I think this is the best definition of love\ 
”Love is the spirit of devoting yourself to someone important and close to you . It is expressed by caring for and protecting that person” 
this week is going by way 2 slow 
”I want my father not to think im worthless , ” “I’m sure he doesn’t . Why would he banish you if he didn’t care ? ” lol good 1 Iroh that goes in the dictionary right under ‘what not to say 2 an angsting teen’ 
“OMG ! she’s killing babies !!!!!!!!!!! ” lol I luv psychology 
no school 2moro 
Being happy does not mean that everything is perfect . It means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
is having a lazy day 
wants 2 see the movie RED 
i want an Xbox my playstation got destroyed our wii broke and nintendo is old and i dont think it works either . i want my video games back !!!!!!! 
“Death leaves a heartache no one can heal . Love leaves a memory no one can steal . ” 
Today is really hard ... 
my mom is teaching us how 2 cuss in Chinese lol ... there is something seriously wrong with that picture 
“We’re both the same breed , after all ... motives for war are of no concern . Religion , ideology , resources , land , grudges , love , or even just because ... No matter how pathetic the reason , it’s enough to start a war” -Pein 
“Borgia must be blessed by God or something ... my high school was a hell on earth . Be thankful you don’t go where I went . When I walk through the halls , I wanna cry because of all the horrible people at the high school I went to ... but then I see you happy , finally making friends , and learning its okay 2 b yourself . I know its silly to b afraid there . ” < PROPFEMALE > Kang ( my mom ) 
Wow ! Miley will never stop - Watch miley < PROPMALE > with new boyfriend - Leaked News => http://bit.ly/miley < PROPMALE > s 
“You can’t go into a friendship or any relationship trying to change the person ... if you wanna be their friend you have to accept them for who they are . Even if they are crazy . ” - < PROPFEMALE > 
is really tired 
“It don’t do me any good . It’s just a waste of time . What use is it to you what’s on my mind ? If it ain’t comin ' out we’re not going anywhere so why can’t I just tell u that I care ? Cuz’ im feeling nervous trying to be so perfect cuz I know you’re worth it” 
Me and my grandma , “talking”\ 
mom to me and my grandma , “aren’t you gonna say hello or do u know what it means ? ”\ 
Me , “What is this hello u speak of , I don’t understand”\ 
mom , “uh huh right , ”\ 
grandma , “hello , its like a hell but with an O so its like Hell-O”\ 
me “oohhhhh , I get it now”\ 
mom , “now u see why I don’t have a problem with cussing . Wait till u hear ur grandfather when he gets going . ” 
I <3 red bean buns and rice < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Best 2 things 2 eat in the whole universe !!!!!!! 
mkay 4 those of u who don’t know yet , I lost my freakin’ fone again and its dead , don’t text or call me I won’t get it . I’m not ignoring u promise 
if u were a cell phone where would hide 
half day 2moro !!!!!!!!! 
I found my phone it was in my coat pocket the whole entire time lol ... now where the hell did I put that charger ... 
It is a well known fact that Paramore is freakin’ awesome ^_^ 
has a chemistry test 2moro ... really dont feel like studying at the moment 
“Just when its getting its getting good I slowly start to freeze . Just when its feeling real I put my heart to sleep . Its the memory I can see then this fear comes over me . Understand that I don’t mean to push you away from me . ” 
TGIF this week was far 2 long 
i dont wanna go 2 skool on Monday 
is bored this week is 2 long already :( 
My mom on mythbusters ... “Its what happen when u give 2 geeks with a camera a half-hour on TV” 
psychology = best class ever !!!! 
Do not let little things get in your way . 
me has a haircut fail lol help 
jumped 3’6 2day !!! and loves little Garthie !!!! 
is completely exhausted 
“Hi I’m Mo and I’m from Mo one day I’ll return to Mo with my Mother and eat Moss and Moths for a Month” me thought of new words ^_^ lol 
had sushi instead of turkey 2day ^_^ sushi is soooo much better than turkey 
Thank u all for the happy birthdays !!! 
Thank u all for the happy birthdays ... it means so much 
My laptop is fixed !!!! 
is sick :( 
Kpop is seriously addicting 
is finally getting better !!!!! oh wait that means school ... 
”Even if I try to avoid you , I can’t find a place to hide . I’m trapped by you , who I can’t even deny . If it was love , if you really loved me , don’t do this to me . Her whisper is the Lucifer . \ 
If you tie me down and trap me , then the love is also tied down , it can’t grow anymore . ”\ 
-Lucifer , SHINee 
What doesn’t kill you only makes you stronger 
This salad rocks its the best make it easy at ur desk its second 2 none just add lettuce and ur done . Thats crazy girl , i swear , there is so much meat in there s-s-salad , what !? m-meaty salad . lol 
“A person who dreams for a long time becomes similar to his/her dreams . ”\ 
-Taemin 
wtf means wack the frog ^_^ lol 
“I feel like I’ve become a clown trapped in a glass castle . I dance for you , who will never be satisfied . You look into me openly , touching my brain I think I’ve become a fool . I think I’m only getting more attracted to you . ”\ 
is sick :( my head hurts and i feel terrible better than yesterday but it still sucks 
Snow Day !!! 
“With all its sham , drudgery , and broken dreams ; it is still a beautiful world . Be cheerful , Strive to be happy . ” \ 
- < PROPMALE > Ehrmann , Desiderata 
Ninjas are way cooler than pirates 
school is going by waaayyyyyy 2 slowly 
anyone want an 11 year old sister 
“You can’t reach a lost < PROPFEMALE > . Even if you keep looking at it , you’re only torturing yourself ... but ... I still cannot get over the < PROPFEMALE > ... so it applies to myself as well ... ”\ 
-Record of a Fallen Vampire 
its the dress as a group day 2moro rite 
“Martial arts is learning how to kill people then not doing it . ” 
“Can’t bear to face the truth , so sick he cannot move and when it hurts he takes it out on you ... Always the one who has to drag her down , maybe you’ll get what you want this time around . The trick is to keep breathing . ” 
too much ice and snow 
“My heart is beating drum and bass . And like a flowing < PROPFEMALE > , it sings us a song . Let the beat drop . The rush that makes my heart race . Everything in this moment is in a hush . “\ 
-Talk To You , SHINee 
“Yeah they talk about her , she smiles like she’s so tough . She says , “hey can you talk a little louder , I don’t think my heart is broken enough” But someday we’ll all be old and I’ll be so damn beautiful . Meanwhile I’ll hide my head here in this paper bag cause’ if I can’t see you than you can’t see me” 
is in detention ... talk about boring 
“She was beautiful , she had everything and more and my escape was hidin’ out and running for the door . Somebody listening , it used to be so hard just being me , livin’ in the shadow of some else’s dream , tryin’ to find a hand to hold but every touch felt cold to me , livin’ in a nightmare , a never ending sleep but now that I am wide awake me chains are finally free , don’t feel sorry for me” 
fun day at the barn and won team hide-and-seek with my little bro < PROPMALE > The reign of the hide-and-seek master continues lol :P 
I FOUND MY PHONE !!!!! 
“You wanna catch your breath , you wanna get out . But as you surface you don’t really know how , how to live upon solid ground . Well sometimes it’s just easier to let yourself drown . ” 
