night everyone 

some asshole drove by my house and shot at it with freakin paintball guns , seriously wtf 
how shit did u feel that earth quake ? 
wow .... bad night ... havent fealt this way in a long time .... this sucks 
lol i just ran from the border patrol that was crazy 
woo tired just got done jumping on a trampoline . lol accidently kneed by brother in the head 
owww ... my whole body hurts damnit 
\Whats the difference between peanut butter and jam u cant peanut butter ur weiner up some1s butt \"~ @Arielle Padilla lol thats a good one < PROPFEMALE > " 
AHHH ! im officialy broke =( aww 
duuuuude ... im sooo tired 
well bye everyone probably wont be on this weekend got a lot of stuff to do lol gonna be fun 
im goona watch inglorious bastards ! 
im playin fooseball tommorow ! 
i didnt play foose ball today =( 
man ... i feel like shit 
im so confused ... 
I CANT FIND MY PHONE ! 
Done . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! i need ur phone number if im gonna go any where this saturday . 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland today .... was pretty dumb . That's my review ... 
drama drama drama ... 
mmm gotta love walmart burritos 
pandora is the shit 
Relax your farting next to a waterfall . 
i dont know facebook .... What's on your mind ? 
why is there no hole in this wall ? 
The adventures of a obese defective clone of Jesus 
man bear pig is on the loose .... im so cereal . 
im no superman 
cutchya nuts 
< PROPFEMALE > are you HIV positive about that ? 
gingers dont have souls ... 
paradoxical undressing 
the office is on ! 
This is an 81 honda how dare you ! 
my mom changed her mind .... lame ... 
dio is dead =( 
My dogs eating a branch .... should i stop her ??? 
first day of summer .... yipee 
no more phone =( 
about to go dig up our old sprinkler system ... wish me luck 
feel like listening to u2 ... so i will 
vegas in 3 days 
you know im a dreamer but my hearts of gold 
in vegas had a pretty interesting week here so far haha ... 
:] 
goodbye everbody , im gonna go do stuff ! 
Goin to cece's oh ya 
got back from vegas like 3 days ago , and is about to leave again lol 
i broke my toe lol 
< PROPFEMALE > is the greatest ! 
Bored ... cant play poker :[ 
lol photoshop is awesome 
The beeeaaar jew 
mudith is such a good host . 
cornholeis 
lol tonight was pretty awesome . Beat < PROPFEMALE > at pool , scarred mudith BIG TIME lol , only bad part was when i ran into mudith lol . 
Private Parts reporting for duty , Sir ! 
Something , something darkside . 
What did the ocean say to the boat .... nothing it just waved ! lmao 
If fruit grows on a tree , what kind of tree does a chicken grow on ? a POLE-TREE ! haha 
What did the elephant say to the naked man ? Thats cute but can it pick up peanuts . hahaha 
Nothing more than a typical whore . 
i got 99 problems and they all bitches 
gator dont play no shit ! he aint < PROPFEMALE > been about that 
went fishing earlier caught 3 bass all above 2 pounds and a hat ... good day 
Live duro , rápido viver , e viver sem arrependimentos 
interesting night .... met some new people when i was walking round town .... they were very , smart definitely went to college ;) 
A barrel of monkeys would not be very fun .... 
south park ! south park ! south park !!!!! yeah .... south park . 
got reach !!! =D 
gonna work through the night wish me luck 
I < PROPFEMALE > FIRIN < PROPFEMALE > LAZER !!! 
Dream of Cailfornication . 
chillin out maxin relaxin all cool 
lol mudith way to go setting the microwave at school on fire like that whats wrong with you !! everybody knows metal in a microwave is bad !! 
Hotel California 
Moonlight Sonata . 
I'll be in the sky ! 
i wanna go to a boarding school :( 
gonna be fun :D 
hole ... lee ... shitaki ... 
feels good talkin to people i havent talked to in a long time . 
You got a problem ? take it up with my butt cuz hes the only one that gives a crap . 
Air conditioner isnt working .... wtf 
Really great day :) 
tch cain got lucky < PROPMALE > was off his game .. 
is hopeful 
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch ? names ! * throws confetti * 
forty f*ckin fort nights ! 
i hate facebook ! soooo laggy 
time for poker 
lol college humor is the greatest 
starting to pack for the move , talk to you all later 
lol dude got wrecked by security at casino . Highlight of my night .. :) 
not goin to the 12 o clock < PROPMALE > potter thing , dumb moms a party pooper 
Happy thanksgiving ! 
Earth Angel :) 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal : To \ 
not see a human face on FB ' til Monday , Dec . 6th .... and to be flooded \ 
with fond memories . Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy & paste\ 
to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
\It’s like I’m her new nightmare 
pulled my groin today at school , not fun ... 
The movies .... best ... place ... ever ... 
Just got my new laptop hooked up :) woot woot 
about ti get my black ops on :) get ready to rage quit 
just played plants vs zombies ... epic 
Type your name : Anthony\ 
Type your name with your elbow : Angtholnyu\ 
Type your name with your nose : Antyhony\ 
Now with your eyes closed : Anthony\ 
Post as your status but don't erase mistakes 
gots me a pimped out wallet 
aww yeah eagles number 1 in their division wassup baby !!!!!! 
gloomy = win 
why do people try to piss me off .... 
blah ... one more stop to go 
Might go snowboarding ! OMFG !! 1 !! 11 !!!! 1 ! 11 ! 
Good stuff ... very good stuff : / 
Nobody knows the trouble i've seen , nobody knows my sorrow 
Apparently the zodiac changed ... cuz of an earthquake ... hmm ... well guess I'm a sagittarius now 
Hope green bay gets destroyed ... 
Monkey ! 
Oh i beleive in yesterday ... 
lol had fun haha pretty nice party thing . strobe lights make me crazy :) 
Playin some NCAA 
over reactions make life interesting 
If i were president i get elected on friday , assassinated on saturday , buried on sunday . 
pluracy BLOWS ! 
oh boi ... whyd it have to happen , unavoidable i guess , but still wtf , guess ill see what happens 
lmao nathaniels was funny today 
Battle LA was effin awesome !!!! < PROPMALE > wouldnt shut up the whole time though haha 
holy shit shogun vs jones is gonna be epic ! 
made a myspace , that i have no friends on ... haha lame 
finally the weekend 
doo < PROPFIRST > doo 
i love ufc ring girls :) 
seriously why play the game if your just gonna hack 
You want a wamburger ???? 
night bitches 
legs broken :/ 
Fucking sunburns . 
Coming for you , ready or not\ 
Nothing's gonna stop my sword \ 
from swinging through anyone\ 
between me and you 
surprisingly well ... 
people are stupid 
your a fucking idiot . 
fml . 
theres a sun flower seed in my tea .... wtf 
