don't forget to vote for Sour < PROPFEMALE > ! 

Only one day left , don't forget to vote for Sour < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is it summer yet ? 
is engaged to < PROPFIRST > ! He proposed yesterday afternoon . 
What happened to spring ? Why was it snowing today ? Who's evil plan is this ? Whoever you are , you're going down . 
Am I the only one who doesn't watch hockey ? 
is very excited for < PROPFIRST>'s race tomorrow . Everyone can watch it on Ironman.com . < PROPFIRST > is wearing a bright yellow jersey , good luck finding him though . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! So far it's a great day . < PROPFIRST > finished his Ironman in 14:24:09 . It's not the time he wanted , but the bike was brutal . He's got 2 blisters about the size of silver dollars and 1 about the size of a pinto bean . Other than that he feels pretty good . We come home Tuesday . See everyone soon ! 
Home at last ! What a wonderful trip ! Thanks again for all the birthday wishes . ( Bacon and huckleberry shakes are the best !!! ) 
Hey everybody , we're going to < PROPMALE>'s Landing at 1 if anyone wants to come . Bring the kids . 
< PROPFEMALE > is so darn adorable . She knocked < PROPMALE > down twice today on her \walk \"." 
Just got hime the the Creed concert at Soaring Eagle . It was the best time EVER ! Thanks for taking me < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going to be in Frankenstein at the Pix Theatre in September . I play < PROPFEMALE > , the housekeeper . 
If at first you don't succeed , then skydiving is not for you . 
Tip of the Day : If you have a double garage , make sure YOUR door is open before backing out . 
hates hunting season . 
Hey guys , there's gonna be a treasure hunt in Lapeer on September 11th . Anyone interested ? 
Well , the cast is supposed to be off book tomorrow . Here's to hoping ... 
The set is coming together ... props are mostly in place ... I'm so excited . 
Hey , does anyone have either a pencil skirt , or skinny black jeans that would fit me ? I need them for a costume by Saturday . 
Okay , the treasure hunt was AWESOME , AMAZING , GREAT FUN !!! I signed up to help do next year if anyone is interrested 
Man , being in a play is so much fun ! I can't believe I waited this long to try it . Hope everyone can make it to our next show ! 
Wow , now that was a party ! Didn't go to bed til like 4 or 5 . Never did get my drink back . 
It is destroyed . Finished ...... ended . 
I am signing up for a 5K and training at Elite Feet if anyone wants to join me . The cost is $35 . That covers training , 2 shirts and race entry . Training starts Thursday . 
Seb-whatever cysts suck and so does having them removed . My head hurts . 
I * heart * Darvocet and my bed . Run training begins at 8:30 tomorrow . Yippee ... 
Does housework ever end ? Why doesn't dirt take a vacation ? 
< PROPFIRST > is leaving me alone again this weekend , so who wants to come up and party with me ? 
Dude , it's not that far up here . I promise the drive won't kill anybody . 
Today was awesome ! Went to the Tuscola pumpkin festival then played frisbee with the family . Life doesn't get better . 
Staining in the basement before I take Madi to the dentist . Good times . 
4411 
Going to the mall tomorrow with Madi and her best friend and my friend . We're dressing up all super fancy ( think prom night ) . Should be a blast ! 
Well , I won't have good tires until Thursday and no heat for about a week . Come on nice weather !!!! 
Why ... can't ... I ... sleep ??? 
I LOVE the fall !! This has been the best one in years . I'm enjoying the heck out of it ! 
Had an awesome Halloween weekend ! Today I started P90X and ran for 15 minutes straight . I'm so proud of myself ! I've never run that long in my entire life . 
OOOWWWW !!!! I hurt all over ! I don't know if being sexy-skinny is worth all this pain . UUUGGGHHH !!! 
I lost my engagemnet ring 1-27-10 downtown Lapeer . If anyone happens to find a ring .... 
We need food ideas for the Lapeer County Treasure Hunt . If you have any , please go to the < PROPFEMALE > and comment . Thanks . 
Spring , spring , spring ! It's finally here and I am so excited . That could have something to do with the fact that in two weeks I'll be getting married right now too . :D 
Got my dress yesterday . It fits perfectly , and I am so freak'n excited !!! 
