So I've decided that snuggies = fail 

wtf where's farmville ? 
Practice random acts of awesome . 
If you think both Parties ( Democrats and Repuplicans ) have lost touch with the American People re-post this . It is time to get a new Party in the White House and in Congress !!!! 
Keep it going-copy & paste the answer to this question on your status : What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Just google to look it up , let's have some fun with this --- Look Away - Chicago 
<3 Ellianna <3 
So today's already a HORRIBLE day . If you dont want to be my friend anymore thats fine . But I'll have you know I never BAILED on our friendship . 
I guess I'm wrong . I always am . I need to take responsibility for the shit that I've done , whatever that may be . It's cool . I don't need you . I'll take care of my own . Don't you worry . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan looks like something out of The Lord of the Rings ......... 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND \ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how \ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he \ 
could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man \ 
stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against \ 
Domestic Violence 
wanting to be home .. blah 
< PROPFIRST > starts his new job at UPS on Tuesday ! I'm so proud of him , he's gunna be working two jobs . 
Ugh .. I don't feel good . 
does not have time for childish people . have a nice day . =) 
blah 
It's a GIRL ! I'm sooooooo happy ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't PERFECT , but is PERFECT for you ... who would do anything for you ... who makes you laugh ... who is your best friend ... who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for everyday then post this as you status ? 
Only\ 
an Aunt can hug like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and love like\ 
a friend . If you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , repost \ 
this as your status ! 
* whispers * am I about to lose my virginity ? - Ahahahahaha I love Glee ! 
The Curious Case of \ 
< PROPMALE > Button is so freaking sad , that was so not the movie I should have watched hahaha . 
So\ 
I just read some reviews for Paranormal Activity 2 and I'll say this \ 
now , there is no way I am ever watching that movie . Not when there's a\ 
baby involved , no thank you sir . 
Bonnie : \What's going on ? \ " \ 
So after sitting in the doctor's office for almost an hour they tell me(and the 5+ people waiting for sonograms ) that the sonographer is finally on her way . Then about 15 minutes later they tell us that she won't be there till after 1 . How effing stupid can people be , blah I'm so pissed right now . 
I am so incredibly pissed off right now . My World of Warcraft account was hacked into on the 8th and they took everything . Yeah , would have been no big deal if they wouldn't have hacked into my EMAIL address as well and changed my password . Now all my shit is locked and I can't even go in and change my email on my WoW account , because ' its been permanently disabled ' wtf . 
I don't understand why people have to be so mean . If you love someone you don't tell them that they are acting like a 5 year old when something upsets them . They are suppose to tell you it'll be okay . I'm having a hard time controlling my emotions but some people don't get that . 
blah fml 
Blizzard can suck my ....... >.> 
day #2 of barfing my brains out . i cant keep anything down again . i think im dying . 
blah I'm starting to have some pretty bad stomach pains and i dont know what i should do ..... 
I'm still feeling extremely crappy . My doctor is completely retarded . She sent over the fax for the prescription but didn't authorize it . Who does that ? I'm thinking about heading to the ER , but I know < PROPFIRST > will prolly say no . Anyone wanna babysit ? Haha 
My prescription is ready . Now I just gotta find somebody to go get it ! Blah I wish I could drive . 
acid reflux .... omg .. if its not one thing its another ... i just can't win for losing 
blah getting < PROPFIRST > up is going to be funnnn .... not 
Your\ 
son will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart \ 
for a lifetime . It's National Son Week so if you have a beautiful \ 
son(s)that you love with all your heart , copy and paste this to your \ 
status for at least an hour 
I wanna see the Deathly Hallows ! 
omg the fresh beat band should die ..... 
doctors appointment today . yay me .. not 
redbull ... with a lil bit of gin =P 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
its 2 o'clock already ? where did the morning disappear to ? 
Blah I hate getting up before 9 . But I guess I should be used to it by now . 
13 : First off .... you would be number 13 . Hahaha , * cough**cough * House . But anyway . You were like one of the first people I ever talked to when I joined the < PROPMALE > Potter message boards . You are seriously like my best friend and one of the ONLY people that I talk to on a daily basis . You are an amazing mommy and your kids are absolutely adorable , especially the little man . 
Brody woke up at 6 .. why would he do such a thing ? 
Thanks everyone , for the birthday wishes ! Love you all ! 
brody just broke this huge vase of my grandmas .... great 
just finished season 1 of sons of anarchy ... now I need to go rent season 2 hahaha 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . A man is still looking at his thumb . Re-post if this made you smile . 
Gotta take Brody to the doctor at 9 . Hopefully this will be our last visit there . Doubt it though . 
my back hurts so bad today ..... I cant wait to get this over with 
ugh ... that is all 
the ending to season 3 of sons of anarchy still blows my mind hahaha 
needs a new mat for a pack n play . anyone have one their willing to part with ? or know where I can find one ? 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap ... be ready to ... receive a ...... ton of shit !!.. Real women keep this going !!! 
I'm so worn out . I feel like I may fall over . 
wants to play the xbox . but the little monkey butt won't give up the tv . thank you wow wow wubbzy . >.> 
finally gunna play me some fable 2 .... hopefully 
I cannot believe that we just got up 20 minutes ago . I have got to get crap back on schedule . 
So I fell last night , tripped backwards over a dog , while I was holding Brody . I landed on my butt , HARD , he landed on my belly . Now it hurts to sit . Yay me . 
blah .... the dvr deleted my show last night . what the heck . it only taped last night .. that's retarded 
so ... the dvr fixed itself ... and my shows are back . 
Ugh .... is it next week yet ? 
I KNEW < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > couldn't be trusted .... just saying =P 
doctors appoinment in the morning . hopefully its my last one till i have the baby . ahhh i cant wait 
I wish I could just sleep for the next 6 days . It would make things go so much faster . 
i love the nanny . always makes me laugh 
blah is it wednesday yet ? 
yay for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! sadface for < PROPFIRST > poor guy . and i still HATE < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > what a doucher 
just took brody out in the snow for the first time . only out there for like 5 minutes but he liked it hahaha . just need some boots for him 
just bought the new maps for cod : black ops now just waiting for it to download ... bah come on 
so brody just threw up in the bed . how lucky am i ? i know he has a temp but he wont let me check it blah 
omw to the hospital . im so tired . is it 8 yet ? 
Cadence < PROPFEMALE > 8lbs 1oz 19inches born at 8:25 am on 2/16/11 
Thanks everyone ! she is doing great , is big and healthy . I'm doing good too in like no pain at all , we shall see what tomorrow brings =P 
omg i definitely hurt today . cant wsit to get my pain killers 
i would so love to have the laptop right about now . haha boy am i an idiot for leaving it at home . im so bored i would be happy with a darn book lol 
how the heck do i send pictures to my fb from my phone ? i feel so retarded right about now coz i dont have a clue 
can't wait to take a shower today . gosh ill feel so much better once i get clean . i feel super dirty ... ew haha 
I can't wait to bring baby Cadence home tomorrow and have my family together like its suppose to be , finally complete . i LOVED getting to see Brody tonight but it just wasnt enough . 
im up at 130 in the morning when the baby has been asleep since 11 wth is up with that ? hahaha damn you pumping 
soooo im out on the couch with brody , cadence is in her bassinet , < PROPFIRST > is in the bedroom in the bed .... tell me how THAT'S fair 
i am so happy to be home with both of my babies . i cant believe that shes here and brody is finally warming up to her . he found her binki and took it over to her then tried to give it to her <3 
well one child down , one baby to go . i hope brody sleeps for a while . im tired . i need a nap . 
both babes are asleep . awesome now for some much needed ME time haha . 
Cadence is such a good baby . Its crazy . Almost scary coz Brody was so different when he was her age . 
So I've lost 15lbs since I had the baby on the 16th . It feels nice .. even though most of it was baby hahaha 
so i totally just spilled 7 oz of freshly pumped breast milk and then discovered that the monkey man put my mouse in the toilet last night . what a day so far 
yay for projectile throw up ! 
the laptop wont turn on or charge or nothing . great . kill me now . 
brody's coloring and cadence is watching him ! or thats what it looks like to me haha so cute 
i hate when it storms and im alone . freaks me out at least i live in the basement 
R.I.P. Grandpa < PROPFIRST > . You will be missed . <3 
not having a computer really blows . im gunna die if it cant be fixed 
2:30 in the morning and im awake . thanks Broman .... go back to sleep ! 
so no comp and my phone seems to have walked away . awesome . 
just started watching Sons of Anarchy season 1 again ! yay ! i LOVE me some Jax ! 
think i might drink a couple beers tonight . hmmm havent done that in a LONG time 
new sister wives tonight ! yes ! 
yay for 3 hours of sleep ! if its not the baby wanting to eat its brody NOT wanting to sleep with < PROPFIRST > anymore . today is gunna be a LONG day omg 
I love < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! <3 
why is it so hard for kids to just do what you want them to ? im so tired omg 
criminal minds last night ... omg so sad 
well .... brody is asleep on the couch . now im trying to get cadence back to sleep so i can cuddle up with my monkey man . 
blah so bored haha . i beat fable 2 finally after literally YEARS and now im bummed that i did . maybe ill start a new game 
why does it seem like the only friends i have are online(or thru txt msg) ? or at least sometimes . if it werent for you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Beppler and < PROPFIRST > Mullins , I'd go insane . 
watching the curious case of < PROPMALE > button again . damn good movie 
brody will not quit screaming like a banshee . he\ 
s not crying or nothing .... just yelling at the top of his lungs . idk how his sister is still sleeping 
Brody man just got up . he slept with his daddy all morning what a good boy . i missed him while he was sleeping but i had Cadence so i wasnt alone haha . i love my babies <3 
ive had two hours of sleep and now brody is up . awesome . i love my life 
