I'm sick of this shit , I need an opening , a door to stick my foot in just something to get it all started ... 

Best part of new years is obviously fireworks 
Watching shutter island for the second time , so far knowing the ending isn't helping 
And I said to myself , what a wonderful world ... 
Its funny how when 1 good thing and 1 bad thing happen they don't eqaul out ... 
Academy starts in an hour and a half ! 
My only day without plans this week , what to do ... 
When life gives me lemons , I make orange juice . 
Sigh * english class . O how I long for thee to be over with ... 
I <3 Armor Lock 
they really arent worth the trouble . But that doesnt mean i dont want start something . WTB advice ? 
Life is good I have halo 
If my heart could sing it would sound like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
still has a broken e string :'( 
Restringing a guitar takes for years ... 
Lol walmart 
Graduation tomorrow , yeah I'm kinda nervous ... 
currently has nothing to do all weekend ... 
This is we and we are the night people 
thinks its going to be a fun evening 
Time for sleep 
Has issues ... 
Thinks he's much stronger in the mornings ... 
Where am I and who are you ? 
I definitely need something to do .... 
Sleep is for the weak ! 
Looks to be another restless four hour night before work .... 
Is very extremly bored and has decided to pass time is going to ruin grammer for every , one . C whut i did thar ? 
So as I lay dying , trapt , in this moment as the shadows fall around me and my senses fail I swear I shall be avenged sevenfold . This , truly , will be a day to remember . 
\You built a time machine out of a delorean ? \"" 
Today it is man vs metal . I take on the gym to see who shall reign supreme . P.S. wtb more protein ... 
The time is rapidly aproching when all of the lie to your face , smile while your looking , sorry excuses for human beings that would rather try and destroy someone for trying to be happy in this world we are stuck in will face retribution for their actions , and their judgement will be final and everlasting 
For what evil truly lurks in the hearts of man ? 
Those who I surrornd myself with must learn to live to a higher morallity and remain vigilante in these convictions ... 
F it , I'm going to bed 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ?!?! 
Attention money : stop confusing me . Thanks 
Up down bacwards purple orange music is the source of life on earth . 
I'm not really sure what's going on l o l 
the #1 deciding factor in a battle against a world-searing universe-spanning monster of nightmare and death is gumption . Everything else is just window dressing . \ 
What is this from ? 
Chargers > broncos yes , this is going to happen 
Gg broncos you can go freeze in < PROPMALE > now 
If you don't feel it in the morning you didn't do it right 
Yeah , we beat them on the road . 
Sometimes i feel lke I'm the only one that listens when i speak 
If I'm going to make this happen I need to get my shit together and make it happen 
The long road to ruin 
Today , San < PROPMALE > , you have disappointed me ... 
Definitely needs a haircut ... 
I'm just trying to find my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Here's to the good times , they were good . To the hard times that we shared . You'll never know how much I cared . But now you've left and gone away and I'm finally ready to begin my new day . 
Whats the deal with purple , seriously ? 
to everyone currently participating in this ' < PROPFIRST > game ' i ask you , why ? if its because you are bored then for the love of all that is still good in the world , please , GO READ A BOOK 
I stood upon the edge of the abyss . 
have to leave for work in 5 hours , might be time for bed ... 
Its 347 am and I have no one to converse with ... 
Wants travel at the speed of light just to see what its like 
ok NOW I'm tired . p.s. Six days till TRON 
Tron Legacy this weekend ! 
Whenever people do stupid things and get themselves in trouble all I can do is laugh 
Time to get my workout on . 
Perhaps if I were to stop looking for it , it would come to me . However I want it so badly I'm afraid I can never stop . 
I <3 geometry 
What's a guy gotta do 
Beck = the worst workout music ever 
\You've had some of the best times you'll never remember with me ... \"" 
Like you mean it 
Sum beach ... 
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death ... 
Getting my workout on ! 
If you cut me will I still bleed ? 
Not having a good holiday currently 
Got a new game and a 12 pack , of pepsi ... set for a couple days at least 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas facebook people 
What mysterious powers are at work when you finally fall asleep only to wake up for some random reason like an hour later and then can't sleep anymore ... 
Life is : love , loss , happiness and sorrow . Life is comedy and tragedy and it is all of these things over the course of the day ... 
Rinzler 
And now we wait 
There has to be some way to be completly happy . Or at least to have the things that make you feel complete at the same time ... 
They say I'm the man when I'm really a thundercat 
and the masters of the universe 
Like a good man once said , \when the sun goes down ... \"" 
Life is hard and there's no such thing as fair . Even so , a country boy can survive . 
Its almost 5am and its time for bed 
Its gonna be a blast ! From the past ! 
I think its time to blow this scene , get everybody and the stuff together ... 
Bears , Steelers , Superbowl 45 
Boring day today . 
I'm not the type to play second string , I'll be your first choice or I'll be gone ... 
All in all a good day . Need the next month to go by fast though :) 
The fire that burns eternally . 
Going to work out , been looking forward to this one\ 
all week ! 
Why so serious ? Let's just have fun with it . I mean , it is the only one we get . 
Girl , its just you me and the < PROPFEMALE > . Whatever shall we do ? 
If the world were to end tomorrow , would you be mine today ? 
Girl , if your wondering if I want you to , I want you too ... 
Today my boy < PROPFIRST > Urlacher is gonna put the hurt on someone 
The sun may not always shine on you , life may knock you down and people may leave you in the cold but I will always be there with a candle , a hand , and a blanket . 
It hurts sooo , good ? 
Now to try and get tired enough to sleep ... moment of truth in ~ 11 hours 
That went well I think . 
When all you can do is make it from today to tomorrow making it to tomorrow is the hardest thing you can do . 
Life is not tried it is merely survived when your standing outside the fire . 
If I sleep then I must wake and when I wake I would know if this were just a dream , so for this I must not sleep lest these sweet dreams desert me 
After an extremly long and even more amazing weekend its back to the routine . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , unfortunately its the most valuable one which is why there is so little of it 
Thinking of you ... 
I don't really know what's going on right now , not sure how I'm going to deal with this , hit me like a ton of bricks ... 
Not currently positive the sun is coming up tomorrow 
As we travel down this road called life all we can really hope for is that we made an impression on the right people at the right time , and ultimately we hope to impress someone enough that they travel with us . 
I can hear you , alone in the dark , and I've come to tell you . Don't be afraid , come take my hand and I will show you the way . 
If I go crazy then will you still call me superman ? 
I can ride MY bike with NO HANDLEBARS !! 
1.5 < PROPMALE > , 13:00 minutes , soul crushing defeat . Next 2 weeks are going to be intense ... 
Valentines day , just an excuse to eat far to much chocolate . 
I seem to have misplaced my ability to sleep , if you find it please let me know . 
Not even 9pm and I'm ready for bed ... 
There needs to be more of a nightlife on this mountain ... 
1.5 miles , 12:29 minutes . Making progress 
Saturday night and I'm busy with push ups sit up and running a few < PROPMALE > . What did you do this weekend ? 
Im fairly certain that if I keep working out like this I won't be able to afford to feed myself lol 
The beauty of grace is that it makes life not fair . 
Time to get this show on the road . 
Made it to Tucson , found the place I'm going in the morning and am now at the home of Mr. Stockton . 
0530 am , on the road . Gonna stop and get some water . Here we go ! 
I'm burning for you , burning , like a candle . 
Been playing BlackOps on the ps3 at the Ko Ton residence and , yeah , I need to get this game . 
I'm not the one who wants to hurt you . 
Finally awake and ready to get moving . Going to get all together then I'm on my way to Phoenix 
Good stay in Tucson . Didn't go exactly the way I wanted but got to < PROPFEMALE > out with an old friend and meet a couple of new ones . But now I'm on the road again . 
In Scottsdale , at my grandmas house . Probably here till Wednesday . 
If someone asked me what I wanted , right now my answer would be : I want you , to tell me that you want to see me , to tell me you want me to hold you safe in my embrace , to make me feel that feeling I can only get when I see your face . My answer would be , I want you . 
I know 2 adresses here in the valley and you , Google Maps , are wrong . I know what's at that adress and it is definitely not what I'm looking for . 
Waking up in Phoenix feels like the first few minutes after being hit by a truck . 
Yeah , I'm at a baseball game 
Going to take care of a couple things after the game . Then I'm just going to go exploring . Maybe try and get lost , with a gps ... 
Attention everyone currently on the 101 south bound ; would you kindly fuck off 
Feeling good after a run . Heading across town to explore . Someone text me ^_^ 
I think I need to go back to the mountain to get my xbox and quit my job then just move down here 
Up at 0430 am and getting ready to drive to the testing site . 
I realize now I forgot my sunglasses this morning 
You know who you are and you know what you did . Its never to late to change it but , I'll never forget it . 
I'm hip-hop baby 
Go ahead , take a < PROPMALE > . I'm waiting for you to see that it may not be perfect but its worth a shot . Come on girl let's give it all we got . 
So , tired ; brain , not working . Need sleep but don't want sleep . Good day . Somebody hug me ... 
Getting ready to leave the valley . 
Some people are happy to be home from a long trip I can officially count myself among those who are not . 
In 1 hour its going to be 3/03 . The single most epic day of the year . 
Is at one of those points where you just feel like your entire life is boring the hell out of you . Not sure what to do about it at this point . 
\I'm the man and everbody out there knows that I'm the baddest \"- HU4L " 
Dear world ; I <3 you 
I greatly enjoy working out I would , however , enjoy it even more if someone would go with me . 
Is so bored . This job is going to kill me with bordem . 
Well , suns coming up . Time to go home and try to get some sleep . 
Yep I'm awake . Don't know why . But I am 
Lost in stereo 
Wanted to put something fitting but honestly I think Lost in Stereo pretty much covers it . So , Lost In Stereo . 
You only get one shot ... 
I feel like a monster . The good kind that is . 
O sht y'all I think they forgot about Dre ! 
Honestly , what is the worst that could happen ? 
I can't lie ; I'm feeling a little bit country . 
It ain't nothing but a g thang baby 
While perfection may very well be a goal that is well beyond the reach of any human that doesn't mean that I'm not going to strive to achieve it in every way . You show me a person that is 100% content with every aspect of their life and I'll show you a person that will never know true happiness . 
Hahaha , yeah . 
15 reps at 340 . We going up from here . 
And then there were 2 ... 
The reasons for the misunderstandings , the emergency landings on a plane headed for home . 
Feels a strong urge to consume large amounts of caffine right now ... 
Welcome to the Xander zone 
I feel I have come a long way in the last two weeks . 
What a beautiful day it has been . 
I am so , PUMPED UP ! 
Shoot to thrill ! 
Is in town , off work , and needs something to do like now 
