I don't like to be political here but I just have to get this off my chest . It amazes me how many words Obama can use and how much time he can waste to say relatively nothing . Of course most of the words are um and uh . 

There was a drowning down the street tonight and it made all the emotions come rolling back from when my sweet < PROPMALE > drown . I thank God he's still with us and that he has no long term impairment . If you have a pool never ever take your eyes of your kids 
I have a huge back yard with plenty of places for the dog to dig , he also has tons of chew toys . But all he wants to do is dig up and chew on the new tree I planted . Son of a @#$%*&#@ ! 
Just got home from Safford , it was nice there but it’s too hot here the kids are grumpy and its past my bead time ... I hate coming home some times . 
Why is it that when you ask a group of people what their favorite cookie is the majority will say \chocolate chip\ " but when you put out a plate of cookies the peanut butter cookies and the praline cookies disappear first ? " 
I'm not to proud to admit it when I agree with someone I can't stand and I had to agree with Barack Obama when he said Kanye West is an \A$$ Hole\ " I almost peed myself when I heard it I laughed so hard . One problem though does this mean President Obama doesn’t like black people either ? In all honesty that was supposed to be a private conversation and the recording should not have been released . " 
RRRR Grand Canyon Council lost my training records and now they're denying my tour permit for our Cub Scout activity this Friday . So now I’m redoing all my training on-line hoping they'll approve it , real fun ! 
Sold Scout-O-Rama tickets with the Cub Scouts this afternoon and was plesantly suprised at how nice people were to the boys . Alot of people did not buy a ticket but not one person was rude in fact everyone was polite . 
Most people , some time in their lives , stumble across truth . Most jump up , brush them selves off , and hurry on about their business as if nothing had happened . -Sir < PROPMALE > Churchill- 
Went to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s first soccer practice today ; < PROPMALE > does not get it , he broke down and cried several times when another kid kicked his ball . < PROPMALE > was fine and had fun , he's done it before . 
< PROPFEMALE > Platt went to the RS meeting and I made some homemade pizza for myself and the kids . 
How do you cheat at Rock paper scissors ? < PROPFEMALE > just challenged me to see who had to go to the store . I won and she accused me of cheating , I don't have to cheat I just know she always throws scissors . 
The harder the conflict , the more glorious the triumph . What we obtain too cheap , we esteem too lightly ; it is dearness only that gives everything its value . I love the man that can smile in trouble , that can gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection . ' Tis the business of little minds to shrink ; but he whose heart is firm , and whose conscience approves his conduct , will pursue his principles unto death . 
Over the past 2 weeks < PROPFEMALE > and all the kids have all gotten sick one after the other now I'm dreading my turn . 
What is this world coming to when the president of the United States petitions the Olympic comity to host the Olympics and we get eliminated in the first set of selections . Dang it Bush you just keep screwing things up . 
It's not what you look at that matters , it's what you see . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau - 
The lawn is now de-thatched , it's funny when < PROPFEMALE > and I lived in a townhome I wanted a yard , but now ........ 
Hates allergies and asthma , I had to do an albuterol treatment and now I'm all jittery and cant sleep . 
OK OK I admit it I'm a SG junkie just looking for my next fix . Now I'm adicted to SG-U . That sounds really pathetic I know . 
finds it interesting that the \Your Social Security Statement\ " that I get once a year does not include the total amount I've paid in to date . Do I smell a government sponsored Ponzi-Scheme ? " 
Nice and cloudy outside maybe we’ll get some rain , on second thought I better not get my hopes up too high . 
“I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians . \ – < PROPFIRST > De Gaulle " 
The kids were good today so I took them to see the < PROPFEMALE > Lights and listen to the Kidmans sing . 
“If all the economists were laid end to end , they'd never reach a conclusion . ” – < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
Believe it or not exercising a right IS mutually exclusive from breaking the law ! 
Blizzard warning for northern Arizona , Really ?! What happened to global warming ? 
“Be wary of the man who urges an action in which he himself incurs no risk . ” – < PROPMALE > Setanti 
OK . I get it , Tiger Woods is just as big a creep as most other celebrities but I’m tired of hearing about it . I don’t need a play-by-play on every concubine that that comes forward for her 15 minutes of fame . 
How on earth did I get a ten year old ? 
Had my last appointment with the Orthopedic Surgeon , he said my shoulder is looking good and I don’t need to see him again . Woo Hoo ! 
“A man's country is not a certain area of land , of mountains , rivers , and woods , but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle . ” –George < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
“Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out .. ” – < PROPMALE > Chekhov 
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his . ” – < PROPFIRST > S . Patton 
ARGH ! Another damn Bachelor show !!! 
I'm a bit apostate today ... blue . 
Is make'n cookies . 
“War is an ugly thing , but not the ugliest of things . The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling , which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse . ” –John < PROPMALE > Mill 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
A choice seer will I raise up out of the fruit of thy loins : and he shall be esteemed highly among the fruit of thy loins . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? fleet ? of ? cement ? mixers . ( 93% of you won't post this ) 
“No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow . ”” –Euripides 
What ... tornado warning for < PROPMALE > and Mesa you've got to be kidding me !!! 
Guess what I got in the mail today ? 
“Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well . ” –Josh Billings 
Thank you everyone for the happy birthday wishes ! 
Scout Pinewood Derbies are pretty Fun . Ours went well , only had a coupe break downs when boys lost but we did something like quadruple eliminations so eventually they forgot about winning and just raced for fun . That’s one plus about a small pack . 
“Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live . ” – < PROPFEMALE > Thompson 
IT’S ALIVE !!! I’ve resurrected it once again ; the only original part left in it is the processor , so guess what’s going to die next . 
“The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree . ” –Thomas Campbell 
“After all is said and done , more is said than done . ” –Anonymous 
I got a havalina this morning around 10:20 , thank you < PROPMALE > , I would have never seen it with out his superior glassing skills . 
What on earth is going on ? Someone just may be out of there mind . 
“We are never prepared for what we expect . ” –James A . Michener 
Yep , someone is definitely out of their mind . 
“Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't . ” –Erica < PROPFEMALE > 
Released again , I'm kind of bummed I've never actually had to serve on a jury . 
Replaced the thermostat on the water heater , easy job only took about 10 < PROPFEMALE > . 
and the kids picked 9 grocery bags of grapefruit and one bag of lemons , now we have some juicing to do . 
is enjoining a ice cold glass of fresh squeezed grapefruit juice . 
“Time is the only thief we can't get justice against” –Astrid Alauda 
would like to tell you , that tattoo you thought was cool when you got it ... well now your old so's the tattoo and now it looks like crap , BTW women with tattoos on their back just look plain TRASHY and not in a good way . 
If you got a notice recent that I tagged you in a photo I apologize , it was not me it was a FaceBook Application called “Who is Looking at your profile ? ” 
“Progress always involves risks . You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first . ” –Frederick B . Wilcox 
thinks the dummkopfs who right children’s homework sheets need to be shot . 
Wow ! Wake up and smell the big pile of dog crap we just got handed , this Health Care < PROPMALE > is bad for < PROPFEMALE > . 
loves spring in the valley because of the orange blossoms , nothing better than working in the yard surrounded by that sweet fragrance . 
“The trust of the innocent is the liar’s most useful tool . ” –Stephen < PROPMALE > 
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!! 
Doesn’t whether to be mad , scared , sad , upset ... kicking the dog is just mean , men aren't supposed to cry and I don't have the punching bag up so I don’t know what to do . 
“Let us be thankful for the fools . But for them the rest of us could not succeed . ” –Mark Twain 
My wife is a dork ! 
gets annoyed when leaders refuse to lead ! It’s especially annoying when leaders of youth groups become part of the Clique and hence part of the PROBLEM !!! GROW UP !!! 
The Muse concert was AWESOME ! 
I went to Sportsman’s Warehouse a couple weeks ago and they had several things I needed but I did not have any money . So today I had some money and I figured I'd drop by Sportsman’s today and guess what everything I needed was out of stock ... Crap ! It is kind of funny though I just had to laugh . 
“A government which robs < PROPFIRST > to pay < PROPFIRST > , can always count on the support of < PROPFIRST > ” –George < PROPMALE > Shaw 
literally never saw the sun today ! The last time I worked these kind of hours I did not have to sit behind a desk and got to ride a horse . The bright spot is the kids were there to greet me with hugs when I got home and I gave the wife a kiss . 
These late days at work are killing me , I don't know how Accountants and CPAs handle tax time . I did leave a little late for work today so I did see the sun as a sliver of it started to appear over the horizon as I got to work . 
No work today , what shall I do ? I know I’ll go do some service at the Church Cannery ! 
“You can lead a horse to water , but you can’t make it drink” –Al < PROPMALE > 
would like to know if people are dense or just plain stupid . The verbiage for SB1070 came from the existing Federal law so stop all the crying ! 
There are some people out there who would have you believe that if you agree with them you are individual , independent , a free thinker but if you disagree you are brain washed . I don’t buy that so I must be brain washed . 
gets more action from this FaceBook \Poke\ " thingy . " 
wants to know why door-to-door salesmen think they'll convince me to buy something by arguing with me . 
“Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death” \ 
\ 
–General < PROPMALE > N . < PROPMALE > 
“It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job ; it's a depression when you lose your own . ” ”\ 
\ 
–Harry S . < PROPMALE > 
just saw a commercial for a biodegradable bag made of ( Wait for it ) Plants ! No Crap ! It’s called paper you remember that stuff made of fibrous plant based material , you know the same stuff that 20 years or so ago they stared telling us that if did not use less of it we’d destroy the planet . Now it’s something new and using it is supposed to save the planet . BRILLIANT ! 
likes construction projects but hates all the tedious tasks that have to be done prior to starting . 
Just so y'all know ‘The Little Red Hen’ is about more than just a crazy chicken that likes to make cornbread . 
“ The United States will have to confront many national security challenges in the years ahead , but it won’t be able to defeat those threats until the Defense Department , and the nation as a whole , starts thinking and acting differently > ” \ 
– Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , < PROPFEMALE > Corps Gen . < PROPFIRST > Cartwright 
I don’t know why but I really like the flash memory card reader in my computer . Batteries dead in the camera ? No worries , it'll read any card on the market and I never used that pointless floppy drive it replaced anyway . 
Has it realy been 6 years ? 
WOW ! Can’t exactly say I didn’t see that coming but it was pretty good anyway . 
“ I'm not upset that you lied to me , I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you ” \ 
– Friedrich Nietzsche 
ARGHHHH !!!! Not another stinkin’ bachelor show ! Kill me now ! 
There are some people that are always reliable and willing to help no matter what the situation , if you are one of those people , Thank you ! 
Quit it with all the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > crap he was , still is and apparently always will be a LOOSER ! Now the big man goes on TV and cries a couple crocodile tears to make everyone believe he is sorry , he’s not sorry for doing something wrong he’s just sorry he got caught . 
I hate computers !!! 
I got this in an email laughed so hard I figured it was worth sharing . \ 
\ 
Couple of Weird Facts ... \ 
Did you know .... 
Sometimes it’s not the question or the answer that is important it's the honesty . That’s a concept children take a little while to learn and apparently some adults even have a problem with it . 
I really love my nail gun , thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
My back hurts , my feet hurt , my knees are stiff and I've got a nice sunburn but when the project is done it will all be worth it . 
As we were leaving Denny’s yesterday our waitress catches me and with a big smile on her face says please tell your wife thanks because people usually only leave a comment card when they have something bad to say . 
I miss the family & Arkansas . 
I just have to ask , does anyone make a quality product anymore ? 
Got east cantilever , hip and the rest of the OSB done . It looks good even if I do say so myself . Now I can't wait to get shingling . \ 
I’ll have new pix to post tomorrow . 
What are the odds ??? I got my first choice . Now I've got a good excuse to work up another load and put in some more trigger time . 
What happened to the clouds and rain that was supposed to move in today . 
What am I thinking it's way too hot to do shingles today . 
I thought Mormons were supposed to be known for there honesty and integrity !!!??? 
Today has been a nice day , it started off cloudy and cool enough to finish shingling and then ended up warm enough in the afternoon to take the kids to the last day of swimming . 
ARG !!! This weekend disappeared too fast !!! 
Went to the dentist today for a checkup and teeth cleaning , now my teeth hurt but they’re clean . 
Just finished cleaning the church with the fam ...!!! 
GOOD NEWS BAD NEWS\ 
Good news : it’s not the head or even the head gasket . \ 
Bad news : I’ll be spending my weekend replacing all the hoses on my car . 
Wants to know : why the first word that goes across my mind when I see a Beemer is \PRICK ! \"" 
“Let me be clear” 
Let me be Clear ! . Screw it I’m going on vacation that’s really all I took this job for anyway . 
Had a nice weekend with all the family in St. Johns . It was fun surprising my mom for her birthday . 
So just to make sure I understand , it's OK for convicted felons and other convicts in prison to have all the work out equipment they want so when they get out they can be even bigger thugs but Firemen , you know the guys who < PROPFEMALE > you out of burning buildings and rescue you from wrecked cars and such , cannot have weights and workout equipment because that is a waste of money . 
When the < PROPMALE > Potter books came out I figured I’d never read them . Well I’m not reading them but I sure enjoy listening as < PROPFEMALE > reads them to the kids and I even find myself continualy looking forward to the next chapter . 
Whole wheat spaghetti ??? A bit strange but sure I'll give it a try . 
Had a reaction to the shot at the allergist so what was just supposed to be a 30 minute visit turned into an hour and thirty minutes of having my blood pressure , pulse etc . checked every ten minutes . In the bright side I was able to spend some time doing some reading . 
Starburst jellybeans mmmmmmmmmmm ... I better stop eating them now or I'll be up all night on a sugar high . 
New router all hooked up , we can once again stream Hulu Yay !!! 
I always hate doing an albuterol treatment before bed time because the jitters it causes keeps me awake but I know I'll be sick as a dog in the morning if I don't . 
I would just like to say \Thanks for the Hope and Change ! \ " The change I'll be getting is a $175 a month pay cut . You can take your change and stick it ! " 
Grrrr !! Now the priner's dead . 
I have GSR all over my hands and a gun that needs cleaned now but that's OK because I had fun at the range . 
Excellent ! Excellent ! That's all I can say about tonight’s meeting because I cannot come up with the words to appropriately describe it . 
It's been a good weekend , I feal like I've had a good friend over to visit but now he's gone home . 
I just heard my daughter in the other room laughing , turns out she found < PROPFEMALE > and I in our college year books . 
When I was a kid I hated video games because I’d rather be outside and I wasn’t any good at them anyway . It’s ironic now that this week alone I can't count the number of times I’ve heard \Dad help me I can’t pass this level ! \"" 
I didn't do it on purpose . 
I really hate it when I get so involved with things at work that I forget important stuff . 
I love my wife . She suprised me with a visit after lunch and I was very happy to see her . 
Just finnished the best week with < PROPFEMALE > in Seatle . It was so fun to be able to take her with me . 
Why in the world am I introuble for something I didn't even do ???!!! 
Another power supply bites the dust ; I just hope it did not take the hard drives with it because that might be bad for my anger management . 
Conan Conan Conan Bla Bla Bla !!! Just one more reason I'm glad I don’t have cable ! 
I love my Toyota Cavalier every time I pull into a gas station . 
My wife is sitting here shredding a 1 inch stack of paper because it bugs her when I do it . 
I think I like Google Chrome sure it does not have all the bells and whistles but it also doesn't have all the overhead , loads quicker , doesn't leak memory , doesn't freeze my desktop ........ 
I find it interesting that I have never heard of an < PROPMALE > i strapping on a suicide bomb and going in to a public place and killing people . Yet our modern version of rocks for brains , stinky , hippies would try to convince you that < PROPMALE > is the bad-guys . 
Plastic !!! Realy ? Come on , you've got to be kidding me !!! 
Quite often I find myself missing my motorcycle but not on days like today . Today I'm quite happy to have 4 wheels , anti-lock brakes , a roof and a heater . 
Sometimes life is not fare , so what do you do ? You deal with it and move on . 
Why can I traipse around on the mountain is sub-cold weather for three extended weekends in a row and not get sick but I'm up late two nights in a row and wham I'm down for the count ? 
Where's the Don't Like button for this new profile ? 
Having different priorities does not make one superficial ! 
The solar appears to be fixed , the real test will come in the summer but in the meantime hopefully the electric < PROPMALE > will go back down to where it is supposed to be . 
Now that I'm a dad I appreciate more and more the the things he did for me when I was a kid . 
I want to go to bead but I have kids that are still up doing homework . 
Thank you everyone for the happy birthday wishes ! I tried to keep it a secret but < PROPFEMALE > let it out . 
Some people should not even be allowed to touch tools . 
I don't think it right for it to be this cold here . Its a nice change , sort of , but its not right . 
What I hate most about football is that it turns ordinary men in to crybabies ! 
Sick kid looks like its going to be anther long night . 
My teeth hurt . 
6 year-old + tackle football = Broken Clavicle ! < PROPMALE > broke his clavicle playing football yesterday . 
I like grapefruit , grapefruit tea on the other-hand . Yuck ! It shure helps with a sorethroat though . 
So Pima county wants to succeed from Arizona ? 
Time to tighten the belt again . 
There is a silver lining to this whole housing market dark cloud . 
Don't just tell people what you think they want to hear say whats on your mind , tell the truth and never be too proud to apologize quickly if you are wrong . 
I'm still scratching my head at this one . American Homeless go without eating . American Elderly go without needed medicines . American Mentally ill go without treatment . American Troops go without proper equipment . American Veterans go without benefits they were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . \ " , 2011-03-30 01:42:08 " 
I refuse to be a mindless billboard or unwitting advertiser for any corporation . Now that I've got that of my chest I'm going to sit back and have a refreshing Country Time Lemonaid . 
I used to like Whoopi Goldberg but now I think the is just plain nasty . 
Benadryl for all the children ... it's for eraa ... Allergies ! Yep no other reason . 
I'm SOOOO happy tomorrow's Friday ! 
I am a parent so it is my job to know what you are doing . You however are a child therefore I have no obligation to tell you what I'm doing . 
Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
