My mind is void of anything that has any significance . 

Watching \The Many Adventures of < PROPFEMALE > The Pooh !! \ " Fantastic Cartoon !! " 
talking to old friends ... whom i miss dearly ! 
There should be a group for people who think showers are refreshing ... Cause I think that ... And I would join ... 
Crying myself to sleep because I miss my friend < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Wants all the Oreos and milk she can get her hands on ... 
Had a good day ! 
Nothing is on my mind , but my mind is on a pillow !! 
Has just had a large boulder lifted off my shoulders ... too bad there are still a few more there ... :( 
Just found out that my grandmother's memorial service was last week , neither my parents or I we told about it ... I have a great family ... 
Eating some bomb arse chili for dinner ... never to late . 
Had a fun time with some of my favorite kids today . Now is the time to recuperate . 
Going to usher at the White < PROPFEMALE > again tonight . I hope we have a good turnout . :D :D 
SCHOOL !!!! I am now a SOPHOMORE in college . :D :D Yay me ! 
Can't sleep . school is tomorrow and my mind is to awake ... 
Going to force myself to sleep now . NEED SLEEP FOR SCHOOL ! 
Is having some roommate troubles ... Hopefully everything will work out . 
Going to now immerse myself in a good book . I will come up for air in the wee early hours of the morning . 
Waking up for a beautiful day ! :D 
Talking to family and learning I have second cousins ! This is a super great day !!! 
Strange Harmonious Yippie Amplifier from the Natural Nonconformist Earth is going to bed now . :D 
I lied . Now I am going to bed . :D 
making some microwave pizza for lunch . Not going to be the best pizza of my life , but it is going to be tasty !! 
Having fun making fun of my friends . It is a good thing they love me ! 
In English class with my < PROPFEMALE > girl !! :P 
Catching up after more than a week of inactivity online ... :/ 
At home with the family . I am having a great time ! 
T.V. is on my mind ... It must be the devil ... It distracts me from important tasks ... 
has rehearsal tonight for short plays festival . Woot ! 
Loving Family Guy tonight ... teehee ! :D Miley < PROPMALE > is a robot ! :D teehee ! 
Another show tonight ! If you have the time , the doors open at the USO at 6:30 pm . $5.00 per person . Stop by if you have the time ! 
Just finished researching why classical music is good for the learning process . I feel accomplished ! :D 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if works 
lets see ... nope ! nothing on my mind . 
Did a bunch of much needed homework tonight ... and damn it feels good ! 
Has had a swell day . Now for the much needed sleep in preparation for another lengthy day . 
My fingers are cold , yet my toes are warm ... I hate this feeling . 
Now I lay down to sleep ... Night FB ! 
Spent a fun night playing Rock Band !! 
Cold fingers ... Cold toes ... ah .... cold . 
Had my last final today !!!! WOOT ! Another semester complete ! :D 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends . 
Strange feeling of homesickness for a place I had not yet considered home . I guess I need to accept the reality of where home really is . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Has been on a < PROPFEMALE > Trek Voyager marathon for the past couple of days ... Now I have the strangest urge to visit the holodeck . :D 
He made an impatient sound . 
I yelled at a gangster in line at the bank because I'm sexy and I do what I want . 
If you are MAKING sense , you've just UNMADE confusion . 
Keeps finding ways to distract herself from homework ... 
\Books are to remind us what asses and fools we are . \"- Fahrenheit 451 " 
It's doppelgänger week , woot-woot . Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like . Then post this to your status . 
If anyone who took Rosenberg's Western Civ class would be willing to let me borrow the text book , please let me know . :) thanks 
what is an education ? what does it mean to be educated ? what did your education mean 2 u ? did it make a difference ? < PROPFEMALE > would really like to know . 
Urbandictionary.com type in your name and post this as your status , and put the first entry under comments 
Ready to fall asleep and forget my troubles ... 
Celebrating \Tell Her She's Beautiful\ " Every Female is beautiful to me . I love you all !!! <3<3<3<3 ( strictly platonic ;) ) " 
Had a great Valentines day . Made cards and watched a movie with the kids . :D Who needs love when you have a Secret Garden ? lol 
I really , really think I have a problem ... Is there AA for \Becoming a Fan \"?" 
I am such an idiot that it surprises me that my parents can even love me ! 
Please Help Me with my Barn raising !!!! 
Thanks for acting like an adult . Thanks for acting like you love her ... 
It's Her Choice ! 
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed . As in filling a vessel drop by drop , there is at last a drop which makes it run over ; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over . - Boswell's Life of < PROPMALE > 
Has had a nice break from homework , but feels that Facebook's gravity is stronger than the < PROPFEMALE > to continue the homework ... > < 
Paper #1 complete !! It might have taken me all day , but I feel like I really accomplished something . :D 
Has a long day ahead of her ... :/ 
Ok , sleep now . School tomorrow . Hello life , I am back . 
Has had a fairly busy day , but I am thouroughly enjoying being busy . :D 
CLASS TIME !!! You know what that means ? Learning !!! <3 
PLACE OF BIRTH : You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : Huntington Memorial Hospital , Pasadena California . 
Had a wonderful theological/scientific/theoretical talk with < PROPFIRST > Zanardo . He may have changed my views . :) 
Has decided that despite all the homework I have , I am gonna go to sleep . Night ! 
Has finished three book in three days ... sad part is , i do not have the next book in the series !!! Aggravating !!! Maybe I will forget while I sleep . Goodnight !!! 
That is now 4 books in 4 days ... I feel like I just might be smart ! :) 
English class canceled this morning !?! I think today might be a good day ! :D 
We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful about what we pretend to be . ~ Kurt Vonnegu 
What a day . I have written a paper on the three most important factors of the 19th century . I chose Social Darwinism , Laissez-Faire , and The New Imperialism ... Now to write my next paper ... AHH !!!! >_< 
YAY !! :D Essay number 2 done ! This one is on \The Sorrows of Young Werther\ " written by Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe . " 
Had plans to go to bed an hour ago ... yet I'm still here . 
Just got home from the longest rehearsal of life !! 
Just about done painting the bathroom !! :-) 
Allodoxaphobia- Fear of Opinions ; Some people have it , some don't . 
English paper almost finished ... Maybe I will put off the rest of it until tomorrow morning before class ... 
Just walked up < PROPFEMALE > Lake Bulivard as a rhino ! 
Watching Planet Earth at school today to celebrate Earth Day ! 
Why are girls so cruel ? Why cant we just pick the good guy , be loved , and be happy ? 
Time to watch a movie , then it is off to bed with me ! 
Working on my very first Annotated Bibliography ... Not as difficult as I thought it was gonna be . 
Had a blast with the < PROPFIRST > Man today !! :) I wish everyday could be this much fun . 
Just finished Burned . Good book !! Now i have to wait for the next one ... :-( 
Rhinocerous !!!! 
Alright Facebook , I'm finished for this night . See you tomorrow !! 
I have an interview tomorrow at 1:30 !!! Yay !!! 
Cross your fingers ! 
I passed !!! I am now a licenced driver !!! 
Waiting for my interview !! I'm nervous !!!!! 
Have had a good day of yard work , starting and ending with driving ! :D I love my drivers licence !!!! 
OMG !! Just got hired at Home Depot !!! All I have to do is go take my drug test ! :-D 
Got ropped into helping my little sister with her choir practice . Lets see if I have what it takes to teach . 
At The Ridgecrest Community Band concert . This should be good ! 
I have the song Dream On by Aerosmith stuck in my head ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > . :-P 
Mmmm ... Granny Smith Apple . This must be what heaven tastes like !! 
Ah , theatre homework . We meet again . 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s 8th grade graduation . I dont know how she got to be so old . 
Fml ... My first 8 hour day and i think im gonna kill myself . 
:-P im on my break here at the home depot , and i decided to give you a raspberry ! 
Worst day of my life ... 
Just got off work ... God how tired I am . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Im having internet problems . I hope you see this . I promise I am not ignoring my homework . Not sure when it will be fixed tho ... :-( 
Internet is fixed !!! Yay ! 
I ... Am completely , and utterly in love with someone . 
Oh , so stoked !!! My paycheck is much larger than expected !! 
After a long day , it sure is nice to come home to a nice .... long .... midterm ? What ? 
Who wants a cat !?!? 4 cats need a new , loving home . 3 females and 1 male . The girls are spayed . Inside cats . Message me or send me a text if you are interested !!! 
Looking for a big white dog ( labradoodle ) . He jumped the fence at about 12:30 here in Ridgecrest by < PROPFEMALE > Lake and Up < PROPFIRST > . Please leave a comment or tex 
t me if you see him walking around . Thanks ! 
Please spread the word of the missing dog ! 
There is only 3 letters that describe this day ... H.O.T. 
I wish people wouldn't make promises if they no longer want to keep them . 
Okay , bath time !!... For the dog that is . :) 
Damnit ! I thought I got iff work at 6:30 ... But NOOO !! I work until 7:30 . 
Another hot day in Ridgecrest ... Who could ever believe it possible !? 
Wishes Cheech had a phone . 
Well , my life is really over . My speeding ticket is $1487.00 ... Yea , i dont even make that much in a month . 
My friends always help me when i have a bad day . I love them !!! 
My phone died ... :( I can't call or text ... I guess that is what I get for not plugging it in at night . 
Homework : Check\ 
Housecleaning : Check\ 
Facebook : Check\ 
... Now what ? 
All of a sudden people seem to not trust me . Im not sure where I went wrong , but there is no going back now . 
Woohooo !!!! Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! <3 
Court tomorrow ... blah .... wish me luck . :) 
Ok , court went well . I need to bring proff of insurance and then the fine will be lowered . :-) 
Mmmm ... Comfort food ! Just what a recently single girl needs ! 
First day of school , here I come !!! <3 
Softball . Home Depot vs . Walmart . 4-3 . Yay !! 
Now , 16 to 11 . We rock !! 
ah .... long day . time for sleep , then another long day ahead of me tomorrow . 
If I thought today was a long day ... Tomorrow is sure to show me what long really means . 
Your mamma is so fat she downloaded cheats for the wii fit . Haha ! Love this joke . 
This goes out to my science partners : He was soft touchin it last time , till he got tired of it and was like , \Forget this \"!!!" 
Staying up until 5 in the morning is never a good idea ... 
On the national conference call with Prop 19 . Very interesting . 
Oops . It is only in cali . 
If your trying to break my hart , your plan is flawed from the start . You can't break this heart , Its liquid . It melted when I met you . 
My eyes are just a little sweaty today . They've been looking around and are searching for you . They've been looking for you even though I told them not to . 
New Phone number established . To get it , send me a message . 
why use larger words to say what smaller words say better ? 
Seamus kennedy 
I need to be fixed !! 
Biology . Good time to learn about all the diseases and viruses i could aquire locally ... Yumm . 
Homework ... how you keep me from the things I love ... you must be evil . 
Today might not actually be halloween , but i get to dress up in my costume anyway !!! :D 
Almost time for the fun to begin !! 
This pizza is amazing !!!!!!!!!! 
If nobody is wanting me , that is ok . I will just be sleeping . 
Happy Halloween World !!! I hope im not to old to trick or treat , cause im going !!! 
Watching The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show !!!!!!! Favorite movie ever !!! 
This paper would be easier to write if my thoughts were not getting in the way ... 
Whenever i rough-house with the boys , somehow my face is the only victim ... Fml 
Thanks chelsia for making my lip bleed ... 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes ! It is good to you all care !! :D 
Had a great adventure with my hommie Gs . 21 is turning out to be a great age . 
OMG !! Bomb squad two houses away . Oh snap !! 
It is amazing to get ready for school , and then find out today is Veterans Day . No class !!! 
Somewhere in her smile she knows , that i dont need no other lover . I heart the beatles ! 
I still love to wash in your old bathwater . You make me feel like i couldnt love another . I cant help it , your my kind of man ... 
I am slowly falling apart . I wish you'd take a walk in my shoes for a start . And you might think its easy being me . You just stand still , look pretty . 
Sometimes it is the person you would never expect who saves your life . Thank you . 
My friends are great ! I know there will always be something for me to do on friday nights ! 
After a night like that i know i shall sleep well . 
Im not a loser . Its just a matter of mind over matter . 
Thank you for curing me of my rediculous obsession with love ! 
Biology test tomorrow ... Im not looking forward to it . :( 
Maybe if we are surrounded in beauty , someday we will become what we see . 
If my brain is my enemy , how do i defeat it ? 
At home and a little bored . Come on Friday night ! Show me some fun !! 
Assumptions are the termites of relationships . ~ Henry Winkler 
Cancel my Myspace account ? I think yes . 
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards . 
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69 . From 1725-1765 , a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins , 7 sets of triplets , and 4 sets of quadruplets . 
Children are more allergic to cockroaches than they are to cats !. 
Happy Thanksgiving World !!! 
Warning : Humor may be hazardous to your illness . ~ Ellie Katz 
Me- You guys are just a hoot and a hollar ! Dad- Hoot Hoot ! Mom- Hollar Hollar ! 
\You couldn't get a clue during the clue mating season in a field full of horny clues if you smeared your body with clue musk and did the clue mating dance . \ " \ 
Kisses blown are kisses wasted . Kisses aren't kisses unless they are tasted . Kisses spread germs and germs are hated . So kiss me baby ; I'm vaccinated . \ 
~ Source Unknown 
Kicken butt at Uno !!! 
My hands hurt ... I will never try to do pull-ups on roof tiles again . Key word try . All i did was cut up my hands . 
Halo 1 
Had a good night . Went bowling , played some video games , watched movies and lots of fun with friends ! The hard part is the morning after ... Yuck . 
Watching other people go crazy from nervousness is HILARIOUS ! 
Oh , I love F.R.I.E.N.D.S. !! 
Just watched P.S. I Love You for the first time ... Sadest . Movie . Ever . 
I can't force my dreams to come true . I have a lot to think about and some hard choices to make . I will move on and put the past behind me . That is the only way I will be happy . 
Finished my exams for the year !! WooHoo !!! 
Some people deserve to die very game losing , horrible deaths ... 
Man with a very loud < PROPMALE > decided it would be a good idea to start up his bike at 6:30 this morning , directly outside my window . I have been trying to get back to sleep ever since . 
Do You Realize - that everyone you know Someday will die -\ 
And instead of saying all of your goodbyes - let them know\ 
You realize that life goes fast\ 
It's hard to make the good things last\ 
You realize the sun doesn't go down\ 
It's just an illusion caused by the world spinning round 
I had such a great night ! Thanks you < PROPFEMALE > Archila for the fun and memories ! <3 
I LOST THE GAME ! 
Missing My Friends ... 
Feeling Nostalgic ... 
Who wants a puppy ? I know 15 cute little ones who would love a home . 6 of them are Great Dane/Mastiff mixed and the rest are mutts . They sure are cute tho !! 
Wishes she could stay online all day . But alas , Life calls . Ttyl Facebookers 
My life has just changed drastically . I feel it has changed for the better ! :D 
