I woke up to dogs playing on my back , found at breakfast that my BFF and her brother is sick , I fighted with my mom about who gets to go take a shower first . Yep ! It sure is a happy new year ! 

I'm so happy ! I'm FINALLY on FACEBOOK !!! 
To explane all the photos , I'm trying to fill up my photos section , so just ignore them ! 
I'm look sooooo weird in photos !! Don't I .....? 
My computer won't let me go on the internet all week , so I was very sad ... boo . But , my dad fixed it so I'm happy again . yeah ! 
I am sooooo tired . I barley made it through school ! 
This is profile picture was taken before I bleached my hair ! 
You know what ? ignore the last thing I posted ... I had to change my picture again 
hangin with < PROPFIRST > at my house ... wow she can < PROPFEMALE > on a conversaition like theres no 2morrow ... shut up < PROPFIRST > lolz :) 
Talking to friends over Yahoo ! about how cural hunting is . Even whaen it's on a video game . PS . It was only funny watching < PROPMALE > do it yesturday because he made it funny ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > play with her new IPod Touch . I reallly think she is enjoying it ! She can be on Facebook and listen to music at the same time . She loves it ! I want an IPod touch ... :( 
It's my dad's Birthday . The BIG 4-0 ! Lucky him1 ;) 
Hey ! there is a play at Mott coming up . It's called Summer and Smoke and it is going to be Awsome ! Its at 7pm next Thursday , Friday and Saturday if you want to go . Tickets are 7 dollars . Please go ! You will not regreit it ! 
I'm watching < PROPFIRST > play my < PROPFEMALE > game . Now , I've watched him long enough to have a crush on Link . Ugh ! That makes me no better than those Team < PROPFIRST > fan girls . This sucks ! 
I have a SNOW DAY !!!!!!!!! I'm so happy . I love days where you can sit arond and do nothing ! 
Wow , there are soooo many good movies out right now , I don't know where to start ! (Alice and Wonderland , Dear < PROPFIRST > , Avatuar , < PROPFIRST > Day ... ) 
Hey everybody ! I'm stilll alive ! Have a great evening . 
i just finish two essays . i feel very happy about it ! 
wit the < PROPFIRST > Efron Cheshire !!! partiii !!! lolz jkjk but we are having so much funn ... :P 
A couple of girls bet I couldn't go two weeks without talking about famous people . Well they'll see . You'll all see ! I can do it ! 
I just got done ordering my class ring ! Another milestone in life has past . ( P.s. It's going to have my birthstone , Peridot , on it ! ) 
went to Chilles for dinner . Can't wait for mommy to come home !!!!! I hope she comes home quickley and safely so i can give her a big hug when she comes back ! 
is VERY VERY BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just have the hoedown to look forward to ! 
I'm have my braid and cowboy hat on and I'm ready for the hoedown ! Yeeeehhhaaaaaaa ! 
I played at a concert last night . It was fabulaus ! :) 
I need to hit the pool . Bad ! 
Wow ... if I hear my parents say \BOBBIE ! \ " one more time ... " 
I want to thank everyone for writing to me on my wall and making this B-day special ! 
Ever had one of those days where you wake up one morning and forget it's your B-day ? Yeah ... that's me ... 
That stupid phone has been ringing all morning . Lord make it stop !!!!!!!!! 
Watch out everyone ! I think < PROPFIRST > is getting a Facebook tonight !!!!!!!!! 
Drive-in party tonight ! We are going to be BBQin ' and popping the popcorn all night long ! 
I LIKE IT IN THE CLOSET !!! 
is confused about what she just saw ... \ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5etLRgwXmh0 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter ! It was AMAZING !!!!!!!! I wish I could tell you all about it , but I dont want to be a spoiler ... 
Wow Dad , turkey today was delish !!! :) 
Longest week ever ... ugh ! 
I saw \Oliver ! \ " today . Great job everyone ! Can't wait for the next show ! " 
Spent my snow day doing homework and outside with friends . Snow day well spent ! 
midwinter , spent painting grandmother's house .... grrrrrrrrrr . 
Got some spring cleaning done . It was a pretty dull Saturday . 
