is just enjoying his last days of freedom -- so to speak . 

HOOAH !!! 
To all friends and family , in case you haven't heard . The Lord has given me the opportunity to play in one of the US Army military bands . I will be reporting tomorrow , and do my BCT at Fort < PROPMALE > , in Columbia SC I then go on to music training school at 
I would like to say thank you to all my friends and family for your love and support . I am and will be thinking of you as I serve my country . Thank you for your prayers . In the service of our Lord and country < PROPFIRST > Doney 
Is updating his facebook , after 2 1/2 months of hibernation . Ha ! And is missing his wife a lot right now , and can't wait for all this training to be done !! 
Just thinking about my wife and how wonderful she is . She's very talented , and I feel blessed to have her . Currently she's auditioning for a role in the Lord < PROPMALE > Mass at a local choir . I love her and miss her ! 
My mind is on the news that I will be able to accelerate out of music school no later than Christmas . Yippeee !!!! 
I finished my final chapter in music theory tonight . I am done with the class . Hoooah ! 
Enjoying my long weekend ! 
is tired from spending to hours in the computer lab doing rhythmic dictation . Ugh !!! 
correction two hours 
thanks to all for the birthday wishes 
is about to go practice up a storm , and there has been plenty of that here in < PROPFEMALE > beach . I do believe I see the sun now ! Thanks again to all for your birthday wishes ! 
Happy new year to all my friends and family . May God bless you richly . 
Is having a Battlestar Galactica marathon , although I much prefer the old show's opening credits to the new . That was some incredible , send shivers up and down your spine music . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by a dragon . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . 
coffee ! 
thanks Riss , You're the best sister I've ever had 
Too much !!! 
Thanks for all your prayers 
Just a note to all . I've made it to Iraq , and am getting settled in . Thanks for all your prayers . 
Finally have interenet . Hurray !!! 
For those who would like to know , and if you have friends or family who would like to know but aren't on Facebook my mailing address is Spc . Doney , < PROPFIRST > 3ID Band , DSTB , 3rd ID COB Speicher , Iraq APO AE 09393 If there is something you want to send the post office has special APO military boxes , just ask for them . 
Is extremely sore from working out over the past couple of days . There are places on my arms that are sore where I didn't know muscles existed 
Food -- the Chow hall food here in Iraq is awesome !! That's one thing I will miss !! Speaking of which I'm going to eat . Oh , my new Skype phone number is 480-389-1364 
Is trying to figure out what to do tongiht ! 
Nothing , the coffee has worn off and I'm going to bed . Skype is a great program ! 
Finally got pictures posted on Facebook and hopefully will have more in the following months . Thanks for your love , support and prayers everyone !! 
Is recovering from a mission with the BQ ( Brass Quintet) ! 
Is feeling lonely after viewing all of his friends ' Facebook pages . I apologize to all grammar fanatics if I messed up on ' plural possessivizing ' the word friends ' . I couldn't remember , and after all I'm in the Army . We're not supposed to think . :) 
Is glad to be back on a normal schedule after two 12 hour duty shifts . 
Is irritated that Montezuma would declare war on him after being such a good neighbor to him in Civ IV . Next he'll be sending people over the border to get free health care from my republic . Arrrgh !! 
Is going to read some more of his Grisham novel . \Playing for Pizza \"" 
Is happy that the PX finally got laptop cooling fans in stock . Now I have no reason to make a daily trip to the PX . In the words of the great statesman Pooh Bear -- Oh Bother ! 
Is wishing that Friday nights in the military had more excitement . Guess I'll have to settle for reading about the adventures of Captain < PROPFIRST > Tiberius < PROPMALE > ! 
Wishes he was back in the states celebrating resurrection Sunday with his friends and family 
Happy Easter everyone -- at least it's Easter in Iraq . May the Lord bless you as you celebrate the defining moment of Christianity !!! 
Is very thankful for friends who care enough to send lots of mind-numbing material , and a few books to make me postulate on the meaning of life , the universe , and everything in it . 
Just got done with night time drivers training . Nothing like driving an Humvee and an MTV in the dark . They give new meaning to blind spot . Everything is a blind spot . 
Is glad to be done with army drivers training . I am now officially licensed by the government to drive people up a wall ! 
I'm glad Chow hall head count isn't everyday . As if I need anything else to make my insanity worse . 
Sat down to lunch with other members of the Special Troops Battalion and talked to the Command Sergeant < PROPMALE > . He's a big fan of the band . I think he talked to me and one other NCO more than anyone else -- when he wasn't talking to the group as a whole . 
Is always glad when friends and family contact him out of the blue , and will always make time for those I care about ! 
\contact me out of the blue \"" 
Is really fighting an oppressive spirit from Satan , and is really sick of his attacks on my family !! 
Has reached the conclusion that in order to be a prayer warrior , you have to declare war ! \As for me and my house we will serve the Lord ! \"" 
Just check-mated his Chess sparring partner in 6 moves using only knights . Never done that one before . It was entirely accidental . I was only trying to fork his < PROPMALE > and rooke . 
Is trying to locate long lost friends and acquaintances . 
Was having fun looking up name meanings . My brothers middle name means \bald one . \ " Sorry John -- although you did fare better in the first name category . How powerful are the meanings of my two favorite names : < PROPMALE > \ " Fire of the Lord\ " and < PROPFEMALE > \ " Star . \ " It's funny how people often live up to the meaning of their name . I only hope that I can live up to the meanings of my names \ " Crowned one\ " and \ " Who is like God ? \"" 
The most painful things in life are often the ones that cause us to grow the most . Would < PROPFIRST > have been prepared to lead Egypt , if he had not spent seven painful years leading a group of prisoners in jail ? \What you meant to me for evil ; God meant to me for good ! \"" 
Go Yotes , and Suns ! 
Is feeling pretty good after working out his upper body , abs , and doing a leisurely 3 mile run . 
Is going out into a rainy desert day ! 
Is proud to be an Arizonan today !! 
Had one of those days where you are busy all day and accomplish nothing . Irritating !! 
Bet not too many of you have had the joy of sitting at a carwash to get your car washed and then not gotten your car washed ! 
Amended post : sitting at a carwash for 6 hours ! 
Is looking forward to playing basketball tomorrow with the guys ! 
Is feeling sore , tired , and under the weather . Don't know why . 
Father , so much is changing . I pray that you would help me to change to be more like your son . May I be a blessing and encouragement to others . 
Is glad the Lord gives us friends for encouragement ! 
I walked outside my room today and for the 1st time in a decade I felt heat . Not that wimpy heat that the rest of the U.S. complains about , but that dry heat that makes you feel like a Turkey roasting in an oven . That hot air blast that hits your face and says summers coming in ways only the desert can proclaim . Bring it on baby ! 
Even though I said it already , I say it again -- Happy Mother's Day to my mom and grandma . You are both godly examples and I have been blessed to be your son and grandson . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Three gigs in one day , earned my paycheck for today ! 
Has Amazing Grace stuck in his head -- in a < PROPFEMALE > land style . The crazier thing is I can now play it in that style . Not that I'm good at it , but I can play it . 
Is pondering the words to the great hymn Hyfrydol , my favorite hymn ! Lord , thank you for being a friend to sinners , and loving our souls in spite of our failures . 
Is happy he found the supplies at the PX he's been looking for since the 12th of Never -- and that's a long long time ! 
is convinced that the Facebook generation will all wind up being narrators due to the fact that a Facebook Post causes you to oftentimes write in the 3rd person ! 
Thinks the case in Kentucky against the Vatican is unnerving because of the ramications of being able to file suit against church organizations and not just individuals responsible for crimes committed within a church . 
is feeling it in his legs . Did biking , lower body , and running tonight ! 
flew over the Tigris river today in a Blackhawk with a whole lot of high-up military brass ! The Tigris is a very muddy river for those ancient history buffs who've never seen the river . 
President Obama has predicted that the Lakers will win the title ; this inevitably means that they will collapse ! 
To all my military friends and family -- past , present , and future ; thank you for serving our country . You are the reason I joined , and I am honored and privileged too serve in the greatest nation that has ever existed . May the Lord bless you , protect you , and guide you . \ 
\ 
In the service of our Lord and country , \ 
Spc . < PROPFIRST > M . Doney 
Is way to addicted too Chuck -- the show ! 
\Dear Soldier 
Go Devil baseball . Takin it to the Hogs ! 
me too-miss you that is ! 
Thinks the U.S. was gypped tonight on the soccer field . 
On my way to visit < PROPFIRST > in Baghdad . 
I have arrived , eaten , and been given the grand tour -- of the 1AD band hall . 3ID band has been getting gypped . 
Went out to eat at a restaurant on base , and now chilling with my bro watching movies . Highly profitable stuff !! 
Went swimming today in the pool by Saddam's palace . 
Well , I'm back . Ugh ! It was a nice trip , and I can now add Baghdad to my world travel list . 
Holy cats it's hot today ! That ones for you < PROPFIRST > and Steve -- you dirty dogs . :) 
At a ceremony today our Brass Quintet was asked if we were going to play any of that \waitin around music . \"" 
I give < PROPMALE > all the credit for the mission being accomplished ! 
Is feeling tired and very down today . 
The apple empanadas were superb , or as superb as they can get here in Iraq ! 
Got a coin today from a job that officially could be called a coaster . 
Another door lock successfully changed in the band building -- Mickey Mouse would be proud . 
Is beginning to feel like a house maid with all the band building cleaning of late . Maybe I think I missed my calling and should've gotten into the hotel business . 
You know you're in the military when you prep for something a half hour early , and still worry about being late . 
Oo , excitement . A fuel tanker is on fire not too far from my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
No matter how scuzzy one feels , I've always found that if one brushes one's teeth one feels clean ! That's my one post for the day . 
Christmas in July sales at the PX -- Bose computer speakers normally $90 -- sign says 25% off , register says 50% off . God blesses in unique ways ! 
Getting ready to move to the Ritz < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE>'s 
is relatively settled in his new digs ! 
has really come to despise modern pop music . If music is the language of emotions , then pop music is indicative of the emotionally stunted state that our generation exists in . It has all the emotional expressiveness of a dying cow ! 
Yea !!!! It's ( pause for effect ) Taco Friday !!! 
86 degrees -- breaking out the Parka . Oh yea !! 
is watching the mother of all dust storms coming through ! 
Thank you Lord for saints who have gone before us , and have fought the good fight , finished the course , and kept the faith ! 
has been playing Dragon Age on the computer way too much . I realized this morning that I had been dreaming about right clicking a mouse to pick items up . 
It's official , I lived in the midwest too long . I was accused of having a midwestern accent when I said the word \at . \"" 
stayed up way to late reading a mystery novel -- and now I'm paying for it . Oh well , the price we pay for education . 
wishes he had something to post . 
now has something to say . I'm really irritated at the acronym language kids use today . If parents knew what their kids were texting/posting the parents would beat their children's backsides into Pegasus galaxy ! 
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem ! 
really wishes the < PROPFEMALE > Connor Chronicles hadn't been terminated . 
is convinced that even though soldiers try to hide it , we're all sentimental fools . I was watching a romance comedy and two soldiers walked by and heard about 2 seconds of the movie and instantly identified it without even seeing it . :) 
If you ever have the < PROPMALE > to get an Anthrax shot--don't!! 
What day is it ? 
Fry's grocery store sent me coupons out in Iraq ! :) 
Food for thought : Anywhere Islam is in control of a country , oppression , poverty , or both are the norm . Do a simple google search on \islamic countries . \ " Is there any wonder why Americans find Islam so abrasive ! " 
Hates when he realizes in the middle of the day that his finger nails need to be trimmed and can't trim them till later . It's very irritating . 
was planning on taking a shower , until the nice maintenance men decided I would be better off dirty and shut off the water . In the immortal words of Pooh Bear . \Oh bother ! \"" 
has no more darkspawn or dragons to slay . 
is beginning to think the water gods and conspiring against me . My shower head broke tonight . Fortunately , it was after my shower . And yes , for enquiring minds , I did get my fingernails clipped yesterday . 
Spiritual food for thought . \ 
Prov . 5 21-23\ 
For the ways of man are before the eyes of the Lord , and he pondereth all his goings . 22 His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself , and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins . [ 4 ] 23 He shall die without instruction ; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray . 
Does not like this time of morning : 1 . Because it's morning . 2 . No one back home is up to talk to . :( 
Mr. Squeaks , squeaks no more ! 
These personality results scare me . When I was in highschool I was seriously considering majoring in science ( specifically chemistry ) , and it's a good thing that the #3 state on my list was AZ because THAT'S WHERE I WAS BORN ( Montana would never have worked -- too cold ) . 
Everyone went back to school and up and left Facebook . It's lonely on the Wall these days ! 
8 mice in 5 days ! I think we've eliminated all of Fievels immediate and extended family ! 
Someone get me Poseiden's phone number , my shower head broke again -- and it was brand new ! Arrgh ! 
Please be in prayer for the safety of our troops around the world , particularly in the middle east . Things are very tense right now . 
Just saw an AFN news flash showing a brass quintet playing with a member named Cpl . < PROPFIRST > Blatter . Names you don't want to have as a brass player . :) 
Where were you on Sept . 11 , 2001 ? I was in orchestration class with Mrs. Pinkston , when < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > came running in saying that the towers had been bombed . We all ran down to the Fine Arts building entrance to watch the TV . Although some have forgotten , and faltered in the resolve for justice . I will never forget . 
Cards 17 Rams 13 . It may not have been pretty , but it sure isn't as ugly as the Redskins Cowboys games at the moment ! 
thinks we should quit negotiating with the terrorists running the Iranian government . If we bargain it should be this : you release our citizens and we won't turn your country into a glass parking lot ! 
Yea , a half day off !! 
can't sleep . 
Lady Gaga tweets Sen. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and he tweets right back . Sad how he'll listen to a moron like Gaga , but he won't listen to his own constituents ! 
has intersected with < PROPMALE > , again ! 
Avast ye landlubbers , do ye know what day it be ? It be national talk like a pirate day !! 
Is disappointed that his Smallville season 9 knockoff DVD doesn't work . :( 
I can now say my trip to the middle east has been complete . I saw a camel on the camera ! 
Ok , I get that DWTS is entertainment , but why is it taking up about as much headline space as the travesties going on in our government ? One begins to wonder if Bristol Palin has more political sway than < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
Well , it was one of those mornings in the brass quintet . Our walking bass in Pachelbel's Canon became a stumbling base to describe it delicately ! 
When a man's ways please the Lord , he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him . Prov . 16:7 
I hate when my subconscious is more active then my conscious and I wake up dead ! 
Never thought I'd say this , but , Da Bears ! 
LindsayLohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all soldiers that gave their lives this week , no media mentions them . Honor THEM by reposting . 
Wishes his shift was not at the same time the rest of < PROPFEMALE > sleeps . 
Sunrise , sunset , sunrise , sunset , slowly flow the days . One sandstorm following another , bringing me coughing fits and tears ! 
Dust as thick as pea soup ! 
O happy day ! 
is addicted to Cheez-Its 
I knew it was possible to create a visual image based on sound , but today I have become convinced that a visual image can be created from smell . On the way out of the chow hall , someone had such an awful odor that it left a visual image of that person based on their smell -- and it was not pretty . Personal hygeine : Yet another reason I'm proud to be an American . 
I'm now thoroughly convinced that the team that reaches 9-7 in the NFC West wins the division ( possibly 8-8 ) . 
Just saw on ABC news an interesting study about the affects of work on memory . Those people who continued working past retirement instead of retiring showed a significant decrease in memory loss and an increased lifespan . Just goes to show that work is a gift from God intended for our own benefit . 
I'd like to thank the American taxpayer for paying for new boot insoles . Big sigh of relief . Ahhhhhh !!! 
There's nothing quite like the experience of a controlled detonation that rocks your socks off from over a mile off and creates a mushroom cloud to boot ! 
There is no amusement park ride in the world that can simulate a Blackhawk doing a 90 degree turn on a dime at 100 mph . Hanging sideways in mid-air is an interesting experience ! :) 
How in the world are the Cards tied for first in their division . These stats are effectively at the bottom of the NFL -- Curiouser and curiouser ! \ 
Where they rank :\ 
Cardinals defense : 28th , 382 yards per game . \ 
Cardinals offense : 31st , 240 yards per game . 
Die Zerg Scum !! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Ohhhh < PROPFEMALE > on my mind . Jus ' an ol ' sweet song , < PROPFEMALE > on my mind ! 
Still waiting .... 
does not like Rock < PROPFEMALE > energy drinks . They taste like cough syrup , but without the alcohol . 
The deed is almost did ! 
Cactus Wren 1 has landed ! 
To those who care and a few who may not , my new mailing address is 1679 Gulick Ave . Bldg# 702 , Ft . < PROPMALE > GA , 31314 
Thank you to all for your birthday wishes , prayers , and support . I look forward to seeing , and communicating with each of you as time permits ! 
Happy thanksgiving to all ! 
Thanks to all who made my whirlwind tour to IL a great trip . It was so good to see everyone . Words cannot express my gratitude to all my friends and family for the love you showed . 
O blessed Percocet , how I love thee ! 
is having a ' Dr. Who'athon! 
And the health fun just never stops ! 
.... and onto seasons 4 and 5 of Stargate Atlantis ! 
is off to do some shopping and mostly enjoy some quality time at Barnes and < PROPMALE > ! 
I have done my Christmas shopping . If you didn't get a present you were naughty ! :) 
is bitterly disappointed because his Worms Armageddon disk didn't survive the apocalypse ! :( 
For those of you who care , WOW is now up and running . My character name is Palestrina . 
Wow , the ESV is free on Nookbooks . 
enjoyed a nice hike this morning with friends and dogs . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
just finished watching the Dr. Who Christmas special and all I can say is wow ! Love the BBC orchestra and < PROPFEMALE > Jenkins was stellar . 
I have now gotten Aunt K hooked on < PROPMALE > ! 
If you ever want to feel like you did a 2 mile run in 5 minutes use a jump rope ! 
Just got brack from a trip to Atlanta and a visit to the Coke Museum and the < PROPFEMALE > aquarium ! Pictures to be posted later . 
This was a tongue in cheek comment and in no way real . Friend : \We're going downtown to google the girls ! \ " Me :\ " Huh ? \ " Friend : \ " What's the word I'm looking for ? \ " Me : \ " I think you mean ogling . \"" 
For all you Xboxers if you want to send a friend request my gamertag is Bandwarrior1 . 
It's funny when an NCO is talking to you about how marching mistakes happen and then his cymbal falls apart in the middle of a concert while marching ! :) 
Well that was the easiest tax session I've ever had . 
I was glad when they said unto me , let us go into the house of the Lord . 
Sweeet , just found a free Periodic Table of the Elements charts with tons of info for Nook ! 
Just got a chuckle from the Fox news website caption on their lead article . \The Exodus begins as Egypt Erupts . \"" 
Played a BQ arrangement of Holst 2nd Suite . My chops were not ready for that one , but it was fun !! 
Just want to say to all my friends and family up north -- be careful ! 
There shall be wars and rumours of wars . 
Ahhhh , animal crackers , I can't stop munching on them . I think the FDA needs to check them out and see if they are addictive !! 
paper , scissors , rock , lizard , Spock ! :) 
Bring class to the masses , one suit at a time ! 
is now versed in the < PROPMALE > of button sewing thanks to a long distance coaching from mom . 
is watching \Chariots of Fire\ " for the first time . I remember as a kid practically wearing a hole in our livingroom carpet running to the music . " 
The current administration needs to stop pussyfooting around and help the Libyans by taking a < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFEMALE>'s book and sending a missile down Gaddafi's throat ! 
Is playing the Dragon Age II demo for Xbox 360 . The controls are a little strange , but the ease of motion and range of view are good . 
Quote of the day : \The Iraqi national anthem is like the war in Iraq ; neither has a definitive ending \"" 
Finally got my ASU's put together -- and yes dad I'm going to take pictures with and without my horn ! 
P90X here we come ! 
Is thinking about the irony of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > trial in AZ . He played in the 2006 movie \The Secret . \ " ( An optimist movie and now book that states that everything one wants/needs may be accomplished by wishing it and believing in it . -- Wikipedia ) . Bet he's wishing and believing real hard right now that this trial would turn out in his favor ! " 
Just saw an interview on CNN with a man from a \respected thinktank\ " in \ 
Owwww !!! 
ROFL thinking about the brilliance of the Wisconsin Senate . I love it . 
Two standing ovations and one spilled jar of holy water -- never a dull moment in the BQ ! 
Day 8 of P90X ; I still haven't recovered from day 1 . :) 
Thought this was humorous . According to the army study guide ( which is a tool for preparation for the NCO board ) , it takes about 30 days to unlearn to cuss so as not to cuss in front of the board . \ 
Good thing my parents taught me from an early age to control what comes out of my mouth . Can't imagine the torture some people go through ! :) 
2 ceremonies and a short parade today . Tomorrow is the long one -- oh boy -- here we go . 
Well , if it weren't for the police holding back the crowds I would probably look like a walking tube of lipstick . 
Figures , just when you have to be out of town , the doctor calls to schedule the appointment you've been waiting for for weeks ! Arrghh ! 
Dr. Who prequel tomorrow ! Whooo hooo !!! 
Doesn't our federal government have more important matters to pursue at this time than a perjury case against < PROPMALE > Bonds ? Almost smells like a diversionary tactic . 
70 situps in 2 minutes -- with ease , and a conversation , and breaks ! :) Ab Ripper X , I hate it ; but I love it ! 
Found the best stuff for sunburns . CVS Burn Relief . Has Aloe < PROPFEMALE > mixed with Lydocaine and Menthol . Stuff works . 
Here we go again ; same ol stuff again ! 
Is is not awesome that < PROPMALE > has a batleth ! 
For all those friends and family out in Phoenix , I will be visiting from May 12-20 . Looking forward to seeing everyone . 
Would much rather be visiting friend < PROPMALE > than doing a job tomorrow morning . 
Has learned how to effectively steam asparagus in the microwave ! 
Just finished listening to the latest Patch the Pirate CD , of which his sister and cousin were spectaculARRRRR !! 
Loved seeing the clips of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > McVey playing basketball together and winning the BJ championship game for Beta Gamma . 
Has discovered that Spanish < PROPFEMALE > juice makes an excellent salad dressing . 
