: goodbye single-digits . Two American wars , the worst natural disaster in centuries , and a global economic collapse . You've been an interesting time to grow up in . Hasta la vista , and don't let the door hit your ass on the way out . 

is back in San < PROPFEMALE > with B . Moe . 
dozes . 
' s car gave up its ghost . Anyone in Nor Cal know of a good deal on a replacement ? 
' s family is full of nut-jobs . Now he knows where he gets it from . 
needs to get < PROPMALE > . He digs for gold in his back yard . 
was up until 5am for no reason other than to have fun . Life is good . : ) 
is the owner of a red 2009 Ford Focus . Or , at least he will be when he finishes his car payments in three years ... 
is drinking a beer , staying up late , and playing video games . In the morning he's driving out to see his lady . May the Summer last forever . : ) 
thinks that ' The Assassination of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > by that Coward < PROPFIRST > Ford ' is an outstanding movie and urges everyone that is a fan of beautiful cinematography , great acting , or masterful character development to see it . 
there are no happy endings . The ending is , by nature , an event of destruction and separation . 
has created a Twitter.com account for the sake of academic study . So far , it's about as lame as he expected . 
is taking an Elk Grove vacation . 
to the players of < PROPMALE > League Baseball : you are all on steroids . Stop pretending . Signed , < PROPMALE > . 
is back in the chill and gloom . 
there are two things one can control : one's self , and one's tasks . Striving for control over other aspects of reality is futile , and all things gained through such struggle illusory . It is better to seek attunement . 
slow air , smoke , alcohol , cracking bones , stiff muscles , soft lighting . 
: Our lives went in different directions , our feet treading different paths . And though we reached out and strove , we could not come together . That is how my heart was broken . 
cuts through the bullshit to the core ; epiphanies , sees his folly ; prays for rain . 
the < PROPFEMALE > is hidden beyond a bank of clouds in Moss Beach . The night matches my mood ; the deep darkness revealing a canopy of brilliant stars across the infinite sky . The absence of light grants perspective to the world . 
can't sleep . He gets up to watch the sunrise , taking his laptop with him . As light begins to bloom on the horizon he pours his heart into a letter that he can't send . He cries in the wake of that sadness . 
Rock --> < PROPMALE > <-- Hardplace . 
I swear this oath : I will become a stronger man , a better man , and I will not falter on my path . On my honor . 
District 9 is an excellent flick . Go see it ! 
is going through cuddling withdrawals . Time to man up ! Rawr ! 
\What lies behind us and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us\ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
it took me three break-ups , five betrayals , and two of the most painful moments in my entire life to learn this hard lesson : sometimes , love is not enough . Goodbye innocence . 
this is me : stronger and wiser . 
for a relationship to be successful it must have four components : love , respect , trust , and devotion . If even one of those is missing on either side , then the relationship cannot last . 
with strength , diligence , and will , I quell and conquer my heart moment by moment . 
sings it : \And I am nothing of a builder / But here I dreamt I was an architect ... \"" 
Monterey in the morning . 
begins packing up all of his earthly possessions . T-minus three days and counting . 
just did this mental exercise : what are the qualities of your ideal mate ? Within that ideal , what must be present ? What qualities should not be present ? What qualities cannot be present ? And , now knowing what you want and what you need in a relationship , what kind of person would you have to be to attract that mate . 
somehow just found himself listening to ' The Way We Were ' by < PROPFEMALE > Streisand . Next on the to do list : relocate his testicles . 
sad music ; two beers ; memories ; insomnia ; healing ; moving on , step by step . 
loves his family , loves California , loves adventure , loves new experience . But he HATES goodbyes . : ( 
adios break-up beard , hello handsome baby face . 
: last day in California until November . Finally starting to get emotional . I bid a fond farewell to my old life . It's been fun , and it's been good , but I'm reaching for bigger and better things . 
is off to Minnesota . To death or < PROPFEMALE > ! 
day one : Half < PROPFEMALE > Bay , California to Elko , < PROPFEMALE > . So far so good . 
day two : Elko , < PROPFEMALE > to Idaho Falls , Idaho . Bad lands , friendly people . Tomorrow morning we set off into the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone national park . 
day three : Idaho Falls , Idaho to Billings , Montana . Yellowstone is awesome , Old Faithful smells like Mother Nature's butthole . 
hears a call for help and does what he can to be empathic , compassionate , and constructive . His good intentions blow up in his face . 
\There is no remedy for love but to love more . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
day four : Billings , Montana to Fargo , North < PROPFEMALE > . Nostalgia in the badlands . 
' s soundtrack for the last month : The Foo Fighters ' ' Echoes , Silence , < PROPFEMALE > & Grace . ' Play it for me one more time , Mr. Grohl . 
day five : Fargo , North < PROPFEMALE > to Minneapolis , Minnesota . I'm exhausted in every way , but safe and sound . 
the good news : my apartment is now furnished . The bad news : I am now sick . : ( 
' s Father and Brother leave in the morning . So sad ! : ( 
is in demand . 
\is de-stigmatizing keeping it real . \"" 
is on an epic journey with the Coheed & Cambria discography . 
the Minneapolis club scene = lame . The Minneapolis club scene with new friends who help make fun of how lame everything is = not a bad time . 
made the mistake of reading a story this morning about love , loss , and tragedy . Now he's fucking bummed . Time to get out doors ! 
last day of pure freedom for the next four months . Bonzai ! 
' s future looks < PROPFEMALE > . A big part of it starts in the morning . 
oh , that old , familiar sting . I remember you well , and I'm not happy to see you again . 
is < PROPMALE > Mosby . 
this just in : the Twin Cities are full of hotties . That is all . 
shine on , Mr. Obama . 
' s subconscious is a douche for sending him such wonderful/terrible dreams . 
\The important thing is this : To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become . \"" 
needs to master the < PROPMALE > of being alone without being lonely . 
needs something to do on Monday night . 
flies on bicycle wings . 
has a man-crush on Patton Oswalt . 
is wiped out and hungry . Time to start the day . 
has been good recently . But for tonight , he's going to fill the absence with alcohol . Prost . 
wants the construction going on in his building to stop . Losing that extra hour of slumber every morning for a week really takes its toll when you're already on short sleep . 
is watching Cal vs . Minnesota in college football . 
kudos to all my new Twin Cities friends for being awesome on a kick-ass party Saturday . 
feels his fatigue becoming grumpiness . Time for a good night's sleep . 
put muh face in ' em ! 
' s soundtrack for September : ' Good Apollo , I'm Burning < PROPFEMALE > IV , Vol . 1 : From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness ' by Coheed & Cambria . 
' soul flickers in and out of other worlds . 
finishes off a long week of classes with several beers and a Toro . He feels very , very relaxed . 
is working through the weekend . Sadness . : ( 
is an intellectual berserker . 
up yours , Kuhn ! I win ! 
all the Minnesotans are complaining about the cold . I , on the other hand , am opening up all my windows and basking in the Autumn crispness . ( shrugs ) 
is too slow in the mornings . 
thunder storm ! 
crushed his Korean test this morning . To celebrate , there shall be much coffee and beer . 
:D 
Tigers vs . Twins tiebreaker = epic ! 
wishes that fatigue was a legitimately acceptable excuse for making dumb mistakes in college classes . 
from the academic article I'm currently reading for graduate seminar tomorrow : ' But cybersex - that's the wanking of the future - evokes images of rubber-suited Thors fearlessly forging new sexual identities in the bodiless realm of cyberspace . ' 
forgot his cellphone at home today and feels naked without it . 
structures his life upon the ideal of NOT being a sad and masochistic bastard . 
first snow of the season . 
had a great time with his Mom this weekend ( plus Monday ) . 
typically gets about half of what he sets out to get done in a day finished . This means that he either has to work twice as hard , or he has to care half as much . Hmmm ... 
is falling asleep at his desk . 
you're a towel ! 
' How simple a thing is happiness : a glass of wine , a roast chestnut , a wretched little brazier , the sound of the sea . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple heart . ' 
is procrastinating for a minute by writing a rant about baseball . 
wishes that all the teams left in the MLB playoffs could lose . 
has been working so long today that his internal narration has taken on the voice of a < PROPMALE > Python character . Never has ' It places its object of study at the center , proports its moral superioity over the vilified former center , and subsequently dismisses the validity of those spaces it makes peripheral ' sounded so comedic . 
is burning the candle at both ends . Well , at a third end too ... so it's kind of like a cross-candle ... Maybe a fourth end as well ... 
one theoretical essay down , one midterm presentation to go . It's gonna be a long night . 
meditates on letting go . 
back to basics . 
the Dodgers lose . :D 
apparently ordered the new Patton Oswalt CD while drunk one night . He regrets nothing . 
con trabajo , sans divierto . Con divierto , sans trabajo . No me gusta . 
is still suffering from the bad tator tots he ate at Bullwinkle's on Wednesday night . He would not recommend them . 
yay for All Hallows ' < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPFEMALE > . 
: to live , one must embrace a little death . 
is considering everything he needs to do between now and Thanksgiving break . This is going to be an interesting patch . Time to gear up yet again . 
is burning the midnight oil . 
' s soundtrack for October : ' Good Apollo , I'm Burning < PROPFEMALE > IV , Vol . 2 : No World for Tomorrow ' by Coheed & Cambria . 
: For almost three years I have studied Korean and still , to this day , I cannot get through a round of listening comprehension homework without going into a swearing fit . 
: call me a killer , ' cause I just murdered my Korean test . 
is a grinder . 
serenity now . 
\That ain't workin ' . That's the way you do it . Get yo money for nothing and yo chicks for free . \"" 
thinks that he might have pulled a brain muscle . 
is paranoid . 0_0 
: Saturday is the best day of the week . 
historiography is to history as cooking is to spaghetti . If you don’t do it at < PROPMALE > l , your work is inedible . But if you do it too much , everything gets mushy and gross . Gotta rock it < PROPMALE > dente . 
is gonna call this one early : sound track for November is ' Last of Seven ' by < PROPFIRST > Monahan . Familiar album , new meanings . I never actually listened to the lyrics until this month . Speak to me and usher me outside of my memories , Mr. Monahan . I'll look in and see something different than I thought . 
is heading back to the Bay Area for some much needed R&R in just over a week . Until then , he's in academic survival mode . 
' You are the music while the music lasts . ' - T.S. Eliot 
: if worse comes to worse , we're screwed . 
woke up this morning with a severe case of the fuck-its . Symptoms include serenity and happiness . 
needs to write his papers via montage ; preferably under two minutes per . 
The riddle : when is a vacation not a vacation ? The answer : when you have to work on papers every day of your supposed break . 
is back in the Bay Area for five days of < PROPFEMALE > making with the fam . 
food , family , Christmas tree decorating , and the The Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > makes for good times . 
finished his historiography paper , earning himself one full day of vacation before flying back to work . 
grew up in a beautiful place . 
is heading out to the airport at midnight , taking a three and a half hour red-eye , and then starting his day . It's gonna be brutal enough to be a metal song . 
bury within the sound . 
distinctly remembers a time almost exactly five years ago when he was emotionally cold ; closed off and armored even to himself . It’s only a few years later , and yet everything has changed . He is a completely different man than he was , and hopefully for the better . 
Oh how quickly doth my plans to exercise and work degenerate into eating a donut and taking a nap . 
jumps through hoops . 
is not working fast enough . >_< 
: It's times like these that I am reminded that I could be making a good living with my master's degree instead of busting my ass in a PhD program . This knowledge is both a blessing and a curse . 
: academic steel cage death match ! One man enters , one man and one completed paper leave . 
: Oh ' How I Met Your Mother , ' you rock my socks . Stay the course , you awesome show . 
is productive . 
: final in the morning , then flying to ' Frisco . 
is home for the holidays . 
turned in his last paper , shaved off his finals beard , and cracked open a beer . Time to start the vacation ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! May you enjoy the community , the camaraderie , and the warmth of giving . Also , I hope you get a pony . 
just saw Avatar in 3-D and it was most impressive . Very awesome . 
is happy that his lady is going to be in town tomorrow . : ) 
is too prideful and competitive , and needs to work harder at staying down to earth . 
Four predictions for 2011 :\ 
1 ) Some Americans will be dissatisfied with their government . \ 
2 ) The media will make a big deal out of several things that are not important . \ 
3 ) Weather will happen : snow , rain , heat , all that shit . \ 
4 ) A sports team that is local to somewhere will win a championship in a sport . \ 
Nostradamus has spoken ! 
is very sad that his lady is flying back home tomorrow , but happy that one of his very best friends is flying in tomorrow . 
is counting the days until he can see his lovely lady again . 
likes it when the NFL playoffs are epic . : ) 
is happy to have spent part of his break on Dragon Age : Origins . Holy shit , what a story ! That's the game of the year , no doubt . Many kudos to Bioware . 
returns to the Twin Cities . 
: the streets are made of ice . 
we'll all float on okay . 
is daydreaming of the sand and surf of Waim ? nalo . 
< PROPFEMALE > tinsel twinkling all over town . 
and yay , there shall be football , and beer , and snackables . Amen . 
is up late on account of too much thinking . 
soloed the Archdemon , because he is just that epic ( ... in Dragon Age ) . 
travel within the sound . 
hopes y'all have a loving day . : ) 
let it be known that the University of Minnesota hates Presidents . 
my United States of Whatever . 
is feeling borderline sick ; the most annoying kind of sick . 
Operation Leaf-Blower : U.S.A. vs . Canda in Olympic hockey . 
thinks that it's a bad sign to be grinding already in late February . 
resents the University of Minnesota basketball program for scheduling a game on a Wednesday night and overcrowding all of the local bars . Don't they know that Wednesday is post-seminar hump-day drinking night !? 
that most philosophical of quandries : to get a sandwich or take a nap ? 
my thoughts and hopes are with all of my friends in Hawai'i and the West Coast . Stay safe . 
\it's full of stars . \"" 
is under threat of severe research boredom . 
, buzzkilled . : ( 
is channeling the spirit of < PROPFIRST > Gibbons . 
is getting really fucking tired of being jerked around . 
is placated . 
ain't no rest for the wicked . 
lives a difficult imaginery life in Mass Effect 2 . You're a sweet girl Tali , but don't you realize that my < PROPFIRST > is certain death !? 
Bs get Ph . D . s , amirite ? 
is not well . Gonna go home , gonna do some thinking . 
nothing to do but get tough . 
has a wonderful family . 
has come to an interesting conclusion : he enjoys research and writing , but not taking classes . 
intends to imbibe large amounts of emerald-hued Guinness in honor of the celebrated snake-banisher . Beannachtam na Feile Padraig ! 
is ten beers later and still awesome ! 
the sound of crashing waves and the smell of salt in the air is meditative . I miss it when I'm inland . 
is traveling from the salty mountains of the San < PROPFIRST > coast to the wet flatlands of Minneapolis . 
back to classes . : ' ( 
has no idea what's going on . 
is off to the University of Oklahoma in the wee hours of the morn . 
No sleep ' till ! ( ba bum , bum bum , ba bum ) Minneapolis/ St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
enjoyed the weekend adventure . 
is involved in an epic struggle to muster the motivation to do his work . 
thinks that more people should embrace crunkulous , and experience the joy of a complete and total loss of inhabitions . 
: I just want to live in a place and time where I can be honest . Is that so much to ask ? Is our society so predicated upon lies that this is taboo ? If so , I think the world we live in is wrong , and I don't wish to be a part of it . 
has no idea what got into all of us last night . 
\People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously . This is how character is built . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
the road from Minneapolis to Oklahoma City is full of viruses . I blame Kansas . 
¡Vamos Gigantes ! 
power through the sickness ! Must ... write ... research ... paper ... Duff Gardens ... hurrah ! 
madness ! 
was kept up half the night by thunder and is now zombified for the day . That makes him a thunder zombie . 
Man vs . Research Paper . 
Research paper #1 = Finished . Beer me , for in the morning I begin work on research paper #2 . 
Motivation reserves = low . Tolerance for bullshit = depleted . Estimated hours of paper writing and research remaining = 135 . Time frame = 17 days . Estimated hours of writing required per day = 7.94 . Probability of being screwed = 91.5% . 
was impressed by the Twins ' new stadium . Its so good , it's almost as good as Pac < PROPFEMALE > . 
NEW FACEBOOK PRIVACY SETTING ALERT : There is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites . It is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > then uncheck \ " Allow . \ " Please copy and repost . " 
is working as hard as his motivation will allow . 
, Word Slinger . 
, sprint . 
: in my windowless office there is no time . The day and night drag on to the hum of florescent lights and the meaningless ticking of a wall clock . I am in purgatory , and everything is endless and inane . 
< PROPFIRST > Plainview says : \I'm finished ! \ " ( pending instructor approval and possible revisions ) " 
post paper writing caffeine withrawl is the PTSD of academia . 
: A Song for < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson . 
How many roads we've traveled / How many dreams we've chased / Across sand and sky and gravel / Looking for one safe place . 
made the mistake of turning off his brain several days too soon . 
School's out for summer . Queue the < PROPFEMALE > Cooper and commence rocking . 
had a good day . 
begins the two-day process of moving out of his apartment . 
is exhausted but back in the Bay Area . 
fills his lungs with salt water air . 
is flying to the islands . 
fatigue , island breeze , salt water skin , relaxation . 
congrats to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Love long , and love well . 
nostalgic dorm room living for the next week . 
rock n ' roll . 
had a fantastic time in Hawai'i . 
is thankful for all the kind birthday wishes . Consider all of yourselves virtually hugged . :D 
needs to invent a teleporter . 
finally found the time to finish Mass Effect 2 . Totally worth the wait . What a game . 
\To be awake is to be alive . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
had an awesome fourth of July at the < PROPMALE > Lakes . 
watched ' The Flight of Dragons ' tonight , and it was as epic and wonderful as it was when he was a boy . 
is off to Canada . 
enjoyed his time in British Columbia . There's some beautiful wilderness and scenery up north . Good brews too . 
finally got out to see Inception , and it rocked my socks . 
all the resonant < PROPFEMALE > I have touched and tasted to the one who needs it . 
I wish that the road I was on did not lead away from so many of the people I love , but I'm happy that it leads towards one of them . 
is flying to Minneapolis . 
reconnected to the flow of information . 
had a great time seeing ' Bye Bye Liver ' at the Hennepin Stages . Much recommended . 
is up too early . 
is too tired to effectively interact with other human beings . 
does not understand why the Japanese insist upon infusing their video games with tedium . 
finally finished Final Fantasy 13 . The best soundtrack and artistry I've ever seen in a game , combined with some embarrassingly sophomoric writing and gruelingly tedious gameplay . Sadly , I may be getting too old for Japanese video games . 
and on the seventh day , there was Football . Amen . 
is noticing how disturbingly similar much of the Republican campaign rhetoric is to 1984-style double speak . 
The autumn leaves hold a stark , bony future . But before\ 
then , crescendo , a grand finale of color and beauty . May we all be so lucky . 
Go Giants ! 
< PROPFEMALE > los Gigantes ! 
Philadelphia Phillies fans are a bunch of rotten assholes who deserve to suffer . 
Pumpkin Ale and an SF Giants win rocks my socks . Are the two related ? I'm not saying yes , but ... yes . 
GIANTS !!!! 
The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! The Giants win the pennant ! 
Go Giants . 
Okay , this is for real . On Sunday night , I dreamed of the world series . I saw the scoreboard . I saw that the Giants had put up six runs in one inning . I am an oracle . 
It's Orangetober . < PROPFEMALE > los Gigantes ! 
Two things : 1 ) The people in Arlington make for one fugly crowd . 2 ) Every time I see < PROPFIRST > W . Bush sitting in the audience , I want to punch him in the face . 
Halloween belongs to the Orange and Black . 
52 years of San < PROPFIRST > baseball without a World Series title . 9 more outs to win the first . 
I've paid my dues\ 
Time after time\ 
I've done my sentence\ 
But committed no crime\ 
And bad mistakes\ 
I've made a few\ 
I've had my share of sand\ 
Kicked in my face\ 
But I've come through\ 
\ 
And we mean to go on and on and on and on 
< PROPFEMALE > has a long and storied history of voting against its best interests . Tonight , we the people will add another inglorious chapter to that history . Democracy doesn't work if the voting populace is ignorant , misinformed , or foolish . 
The trip to Montreal is canceled on account of illness . : ( 
I'm uncomfortable with the Veteran's Day rhetoric I've been hearing . I have great respect for the personal commitment shown by soldiers , great sympathy for what they go through , and much love for my friends who are or have been in the armed forces . But I'm not going to use the phrase ' protect our country ' to describe any war that the United States has engaged in since World War II . 
The University of Minnesota hates veterans . 
Snow . 
loves someone with diabetes . It's Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players or cute t-shirts . It's about being grateful when you/your loved one wakes up in the morning . It's 3am blood sugar checks , needles , etc . That's a diabetics LIFE . Repost this if you love someone with Diabetes . 
I just saw a commercial for < PROPFEMALE > Palin's new reality show and threw up in my mouth a little . Then I fantasized about her being eaten by a bear and was fine again . 
it breaks my heart to take away points from students that do so much to kiss my ass . : ( 
For good friends , good family , good love and good health , many thanks . 
Let it be known that the Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > , staring Sir < PROPFIRST > Caine , is the greatest rendition of the Christmas < PROPFIRST > . 
While doing research I came across an article from Fox News that I realized I couldn't use in an academic paper because Fox News is not a credible source . 
my new Facebook profile < PROPFEMALE > did the amazing job of reorganizing my information . Wow , neato . I wonder how many programers contributed their blood , sweat and tears to this monumental project . 
break on through ( to the other side ) . 
To the beseiged grad student , blizzards are irrelevant . Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these strange souls from the eventual completion of their appointed papers . 
Love , warmth , and community for all . Amen . 
was a bit surprised to really enjoy Tron : Legacy . That movie was kind of awesome . 
the sunsets in Moss Beach are the most beautiful in the world . 
grounded ; foundation in a sky house . 
Playoff Predictions : \ 
Ravens over Steelers\ 
Packers over Falcons\ 
Bears over Seahawks\ 
Patriots over Jets 
travels from < PROPFEMALE > green shores to frozen white expanses . 
National Weather Service wild chill advisory for Minneapolis : \WIND CHILL VALUES ... 25 BELOW TO 35 BELOW ON THURSDAY AFTERNOON INTO FRIDAY MORNING ... A WIND CHILL ADVISORY MEANS THAT VERY COLD AIR AND STRONG WINDS WILL COMBINE TO GENERATE LOW WIND CHILLS . THIS WILL RESULT IN FROST BITE AND LEAD TO HYPOTHERMIA IF PRECAUTIONS ARE NOT TAKEN ... \"" 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Republican representatives are obtuse , manipulative buttholes who continually spout extremist rhetoric and make outlandish claims without supporting evidence . 
' Dinner for Schmucks ' ruined my evening . Awful , awful movie . 
Predictions :\ 
Packers over Bears\ 
Steelers over Jets 
Just finished ' Red Dead Redemption . ' It's a great sandbox game with wonderful ambiance , and the journey is great . But its vision is dystopian , its choices largely amoral , its setting depressing , its plot line largely unsatisfying . The problem with dark , pessimistic games like this is that there is no winner ; only variations of broken , beaten losers . 
\A baby sleeps inside our bones so scared to be alone . \"" 
just saw ' The Social Network . ' A pretty good flick , but from what I can find online its not a representation of actual events AT ALL . There's something shady about taking people's ordinary lives , sensationalizing them , formulating heroes and villains , and then distributing the fabricated drama to a mass audience . It's the trash TV reality show format , and it puts me off . 
Looking for a few funny , interesting , and/or informative podcasts to subscribe to . Any suggestions ? 
Saw True Grit . Thems a good movie . 
I predict a Steeler victory , but I'm pulling for the Packers . 
Just watched ' Miracle ' and , in the parlance of men , got ' < PROPFEMALE>' several times . 
Sink deep within the sound . Germinate within the resonance . All that is and has been , compressed in a deep white light of omnipresent awareness . And then ... \ 
\ 
Awake . 
There is something oddly glorious about knowing that you have so much to do that there is no way you can complete it all without doing a half-ass job . Ah , the freedom of lowered expectations . 
A good book , a comfy chair , a hot cup of coffee , and falling snow outside of my window . 
: phoning it in mid-semester since 2000 . 
\Water ? Never touch the stuff . Fish fuck in it . \ " - W.C. Fields " 
Just realized that all anti-immigration arguments are fundamentally reducible to \fuck ' em . \ " An interesting revelation . " 
Get up , brain ! Your work ain't done yet . 
It's a long life , and there's a lot in it . 
I sense something just beyond what is . A place of realization , of possibilities . Behind a membrane of reality ; of convention and fear . Especially fear . If I could dissolve this barrier , I would . But I am only a man , and my equality is crippling . 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s all-day work day . Getting old and responsible is freakin ' lame . 
You know what ? My furthest ancestor I can trace back helped conquer Ireland . Suck on that , St. < PROPFIRST > . Enjoy your green food coloring . 
A beautiful < PROPFEMALE > is in the sky tonight . 
There is too much incongruity in my day-to-day life . Would that I had the time to simply let my heart stir , my mind ponder , or my body speak . Instead these experiences are crushed together by the press of time and bleed into each other . 
Reality is a silly place ; full of silly egos , silly ideas , silly fears , and silly shackles . 
I'm inordinately excited for my Fantasy Baseball draft . 
Reading about Renaissance scientists and philosophers makes me a bit nostalgic for the time when stating the obvious was equated with genius . \Objects thrown horizontally curve downwards as they fall ! \ " \ " Brilliant ! Your name will be known forever in the annals of history ! \"" 
It's opening day . Go Giants . 
I'm off to Nebraska to see the ... the ... or , um ... to do some ... drinking ? Probably ? Anyways , I'm off to Nebraska . 
I went to < PROPMALE > for a conference and all I got was this lousy diarrhea . 
Just received a legal notice from the U.S. District Court regarding a lawsuit directed against Electronic Arts over : ' ... violations of California's antitrust and consumer protection laws in connection with the sale of certain football video games . ' Interesting . 
Our civilization is filled with millions of < PROPFEMALE > worlds . They butt up against each other ; shift , crack , blend , impose , and fade . Rare is the harmonic correspondence ; the deep resonance . Rare , beautiful , and precious . 
Went for my first run in months . That means Spring is here . Count it . 
The greatest message I have ever received through Facebook :\ 
From : Leicester Roncone\ 
' wassup ! I'm a lady !!! I love your profile !!! in my opinion its incredible . I have a number of hot pictures . i'm dying to show off . you interested ? let me know . contact me : littlebaby@mailrocketa.com . I will likely not respond through fb . ' 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . ( Re-post or pass this on if you're so inclined ) 
The woods are lovely , dark , and deep , \ 
But I have promises to keep , \ 
And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep , \ 
And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Frost , ' Stopping By Woods on a Snowy Evening ' 
' Be good and you will be lonely . ' \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
“Beware the barrenness of a busy life . ”\ 
- Socrates 
The Sisyphean Method . 
Fantasies of grandeur and omnipotence . 
???? ??? ? ??? ??????. ? ??? ?? ?? ??. 
Sharks !!! 
Thinking for a living is a shit job in those times when life would be more fulfilling for its occasional moments of simplicity , rest , and experience . 
Done , done , onto the next one . Done I'm done and I'm onto the next one . Done , done , onto the next one . Done I'm done and I'm onto the next . 
Gnomes are tying knots in the cords for all of my electronics . Someday I'm going to catch them , put them in large glass container filled with soil and plants , and then introduce gerbils into their ecosystem . Then we'll see . 
Last day of graduate seminars for the Spring semester . In the words of Ice Cube , I gotta say it was a good day . 
I've finished another year of graduate school ( pending the completion of < PROPFEMALE > grunt work ) . Feels nice . Feels good . Now , beer . 
Clearly there is no god . 
NHL > NBA , and it ain't even close . 
It was as beautiful of a day as a man could ask for . 
Lovin ' Los Gigantes . 
It is 100 degrees in Minneapolis today . So it cycles : five months of freeze , five months of burn 
Finished Bioware's ' Dragon Age II ' . Though perhaps not quite the equal of its predecessor , it's a very good game and an absolute < PROPFEMALE > of personalization . I give it a mighty thumbs-up . 
Thanks everyone for the kind birthday wishes . They're much appreciated . : ) 
Being sleep deprived is kind of like being high . For the next ten weeks ( Intensive Japanese 1001 and 1002 ) , I'm a kite . Coo coo ca choo . 
I'm dreaming while I'm awake . 0_0 
Wine and poetry , for a man whose heart is too mired in the here and now to live in the then and beyond . 
Had a great time doing the pedal pub for < PROPMALE > Bartol's birthday . 
Minnesota soup . 
Has been deeply traumatized by the 1989 film ' The War of the Roses ' . The blackest black is not so dark . 0_0 
Bring the thunder ! 
grooving on the Helplessness Blues . 
The DH is an abomination upon the face of baseball and justice . Go NL . 
Beat L.A. 
The more I get to know Japanese language and culture , the more that it annoys me . Oh for the flower of youth , when I could still enjoy fables of samurai and the storylines of anime . Now I cannot escape a knowledge of tired tropes , convenient myths , and fundamental social cancers . 
<-- knows illegal ninja moves from the government . 
Here comes the THUNDA !!! 
R.I.P. Exercise Bike . 2010-2011 : 0 - 4221 < PROPMALE > . Faithful steed ; devoted companion . You will be missed . 
?????????????????? 
Come all you weary , \ 
Come gather ' round hear me , \ 
Find rest for your souls . 
Red wine , dark chocolate , sad music , and the soft melancholy of the optimist dreamer . 
Socio-linguistic fun fact :\ 
Japanese people never say ' I love you . ' \ 
Chinese people rarely say ' I love you . ' \ 
Korean people often say ' I love you . ' 
California is a place of old magic . It grows in the nooks and crannies , and manifests in many forms of < PROPFEMALE > madness . 
Got my copy of Madden 12 today . I sorely wish that I had not purchased the game . It is terribly bugged and the franchise mode has deep , systematic flaws when paired with its ( supposedly supported ) sister game NCAA Football 12 . I caution all of my gamer friends not to waste their money . 
Thunderdome . 
Hello NFL . Good to see you . 
I just watched a horrifying image as Minnesota football coach < PROPFIRST > Kill collapsed in a fit of seizures that lasted for several minutes . Here's hoping that he is ultimately okay . 
Football . Football ! FOOTBAAAAWWWWWL ! 
I took the morning to finish the last book in < PROPMALE > Cook's saga ' The Black Company . ' I'm glad that I did . 
All of the < PROPFEMALE > , none of the capability . 
Steig Larson's ' Millennium Trilogy ' ( The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , The Girl Who Played with Fire , The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest ) is good . Very , very good . 
, one man fiesta . 
The San < PROPFIRST > Giants were fun to watch this year . It's unfortunate that injuries and bad years from some key players left them short of making the post-season . But hey , all a fan can ask from their team is to be in contention each year . The Giants did that beautifully . Hopefully next year they can get Posey and Sanchez back , move some young people into the mix , and make a run at another world title . 
It's worth re-stating : ' Once ' is one of the best movies . Ever . 
It's a beautiful , beautiful day in the Land of Ten-Thousand Lakes . 
I love autumn . 
I'd really love to support the Occupy Wall Street movement . I think our financial system has issues , and I'm for Wall Street reforms and increased regulations on the U.S. stock market . However , it's hard to get behind a cause that has no clear plan or objective other than to demonstrate dissatisfaction . Without a coherent goal the movement appears to me to be nothing more than sound and fury , signifying nothing . 
The Yankees and the Phillies were both defeated in the first-round of the MLB playoffs , and all was right with the world . 
As I am fundamentally opposed to anything that would bring joy to < PROPFIRST > W . Bush , here's hoping that the Rangers get crushed in the World Series . 
Niners ! 
My body thinks it's a bear and is trying to hibernate . Unfortunately , my mind is attached to an adult human with responsibilities . 
As someone from the Bay Area whose family has a legacy at the school , I really want to like UC Berkeley . But every interaction I have ever had with representatives of the school has been cynical , snarky , unhelpful and/or rude . This has led me to conclude that , at present , UC Berkeley is full of assholes . 
It's a great night to wander around the apartment and sing to iTunes for hours . 
Have a game , St. < PROPFIRST > . What a series . 
Missing good friends , and sending them much love . 
Just finished ' Dark Souls . ' I have never played a game that is such a blatant ' F-you . ' Sadistic gameplay , impossible hidden paths as part of the main storyline , lackluster and anti-climatic story , etc . It all demonstrates an abusive relationship between game and player . This approach is apparently so novel that it generated dozens of positive reviews and a huge amount of buzz in the gaming community . As someone who never found tedium , frustration , or arbitrary challenge fun , this perplexes me greatly . For my part , I thought the game was awful . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > de los Muertos < PROPFEMALE > . 
My grandfather , < PROPMALE > Etcheverry , died this morning after ninety years of a life well-lived . I loved him very much , and respected him even more . 
I want to be a professional experiencer/student of life . That way I can get people to roll their eyes at me when I introduce my occupation at parties . 
, robust . 
Let it be known that the University of Minnesota hates veterans . 
I know it's petty , but I was more sympathetic to the Occupy Minneapolis movement before it fucked up my night by randomly shutting down a bridge next to a university . 
Subconscious in overdrive . 
The Winter did not come boldly . It slunk in on pregnant , slate-gray clouds and fell to the earth in atoms . The world froze in increments . 
I'm announcing my intention to become benevolent Dictator ( or ' Emperor , ' if that suits your fancy ) of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > in 2012 . I promise to demolish and then remake our governmental structures and to liberate our country from the tyranny of the foolish and ignorant masses . Probably no more than a third of you will die in the process . Rise up ! Clemens for Supreme Leader , 2012 ! 
