< PROPFEMALE > Bourgeois : The Spider , the Mistress and the Tangerine the best documentary I have ever seen she is brilliant ! 

< PROPFIRST > J . Heberle July 5th , 1953- June 17 , 2010 I will always love you - Strawberry Fields forever :) 
If your in my life I love and appreciate you . 
Please come to The Pillow Project event this Saturday ! 
Hey I have a few < PROPMALE > pieces in the Pillow project show tonight ! Please come if you can :) 214 N . Lexington Street from 7-11pm 
Lots of stuff 
Just finished a silhouette of < PROPMALE > Warhol for a poster !!!! Crazy I tell ya how life can hand you some of the most beautiful opportunities I'm humbled in that . 
Rope ladders 
HTML 
I can't believe I'm so motivated to create things lately ... pretty wild 
Getting ready for NYC next week !! So much to do so little time 
The Barnes Foundation I hope they don't move it ... I hate big business so much and greedy politicians 
Really sad to be leaving NY actually these are some of the best people I have ever met I will miss them 
Exhaustion 
Silkscreening animal skulls 
Just uploaded pictures from the Albino Animals shoot had so much fun ! 
Iceland hmmm 
How happy I am to be my own boss I will always be a freelancer it's seriously heaven . 
I'll be selling stuff at Trader Jacks Flea Market next Sunday !!!! Sept 5th come visit if you can :) 
Sex Rehab with Dr. < PROPFIRST > is one intense show ... fascinating actually 
There is NEVER an excuse to treat women or men with disrespect . To the guy yelling and hitting his girlfriend at 4am in the morning have fun in jail jerk . 
Hot House !!! So excited 
Can someone explain to me where you find the friend requests ? It's driving me bananas 
Off to Erie to babysit my parents laundromat tis an exciting life I lead ;) 
Looking at vintage glasses wish I could find a pair that didn't make me look like < PROPFEMALE > . 
Cancelled my self defense class due to the fact the gym didn't have air conditioning seriously a two hour kick boxing class in 90 degree weather no thanks . Need to find a class here in Pittsburgh asap . 
Wow witnessed my mom getting hit on in Giant Eagle , so disturbing , the guys lead in \Where is your accent from ? \ " I got protective as he was creeping closer to her \ " She's married to my dad\ " His retort \ " I don't care she still looks good\ " classy stuff . " 
Jeet Cafe 
Hey guys tomorrow is Chalk 4 Peace Day if you do anything for it send me pictures :) I'll be writing Peace and Love all over the city 
Even the worst most intractable mistake beats the heck out of never trying . 
Flea Market :) 
Sometimes if you're selling things at the flea market that are how shall I put this \eclectic\ " old men think you may be selling pot as well . Being asked that was pretty much the highlight of my day cause it was so random . " 
My lucky bamboo plant is dying . I am not happy with you universe I am seriously going to freak out if one more thing dies . 
I'm really shooting for a drama free life . 
So excited to spend the day at my favorite place in the world the library . I pretty much consider it the closest thing to heaven being surrounded by < PROPMALE > books and silence . 
\I've learned that people will forget what you said 
< PROPFEMALE > pong Gooski's tonight with the elusive < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Annoyed .... unbelievably annoyed 
Need to stop focusing on what I don't have ... and focus on what I do have . 
< PROPFEMALE > pong , good company and a spiderman pin ball machine was just what I needed tonight ... way too much thinking going on lately need more fun in my life . 
I'm going to be hiding the < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson < PROPMALE > box I made this Sunday in Frick Park for someone to find if you're interested the map will be posted Sunday ;) 
Just got back from seeing Radiant Child adored it . 
Does anyone know where I could find yellow tights ? I need them for a photoshoot asap . 
Moving on and up 
Going to the Brillobox tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > if anyone is interested in joining 
Hey if anyone has a video camera I want to make a short silent film asap so please let me know if you can help ! It's going to be set in a pond or river somewhere while < PROPFEMALE > and I are doing a photoshoot . I will buy you a case of beer or whatever for helping ;) 
On a diet of VERY angry girl rock ... Live Through This anyone , Ramones , The Smiths and Black Sabbath starting to scare myself a touch . 
Elf Power is playing this Friday at the Brillobox with Ursa < PROPMALE > this show will probably be the best of the year !! So excited 
Sometimes a good haircut makes all the difference !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > you worked wonders 
Nothing like a nice domestic disturbance in the morning geez ... 
Ugh ........ 
Just finished \The World of < PROPFIRST > Gorey\ " unbelievable book he was seriously fascinating such an odd man ... in a good way I actually really relate to him funny enough . " 
Hey is anyone going to the VIA PGH 2010 Festival on Friday night ? 
Could someone PLEASE explain RSS Feeds to me pretty please ... and Google Reader this is seriously driving me crazy 
Loving this rainy weather 
Finally figured out my halloween costume Ziggy Stardust 
Ugh Yahoo I don't like having my Flickr pictures posted here it makes me nervous . 
Mazzy < PROPFEMALE > 
Bought a < PROPFEMALE > moth cocoon yesterday that is going to hatch in spring my life is seriouly complete ! 
Content and happy with my life right now which is pretty refreshing :) 
Off to Erie to babysit Kasia's puppy !! 
Ok props to anyone who has a kid babysitting a 7 week old puppy is well how shall I put this ... quite a handful . But def worth it 
Texting is really annoying I'm taking it off my phone heads up I'm not ignoring you I just didn't get it ;) 
Painting and writing all day :) 
Finally finished the < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson box 
Decided today to do absolutely nothing , but relax in pj's all day life is good . 
Thinking way too much about the past and trying to move on . Man not an easy thing to do ... sigh 
Off to buy bushels of yellow , orange and red flowers :) 
Fall I'm in love with you 
Feeling extremely happy with everything right now so lucky to have such amazing friends in my life ... and yes today I sound like a Hallmark card 
It's amazing what being honest with yourself can do 
Yoga With < PROPFEMALE > at the Squirrel Hill Library is a lifesaver 
Wow the Yahoo Daily Extended Horoscopes are oddly predicting my days lately three in a row right on hmm 
Beautiful day of hanging with a fabulous friend , meditation and finally on my way to getting my portfolio site done . 
p . s I will be selling Raffle tickets at the Pen's game Wed night for the Food Bank so BUY ONE Pretty please ;) 
Wow just stood outside a gas station with a random guy who had a flat tire trying to think of ways to fix it ... duck tape not so much . Didn't have the money to help but a lady came to the rescue people are so amazing sometimes . 
Content and exhausted ... in a good way . 
Hey if anyone wants to go to yoga Tuesday let me know ;) 
So much to do so little time I need a helpful clone or an elf would do 
In an amazingly good mood ;) 
Hmm being offered a free kitten is very tempting 
Decisions ... decisions wish I had a magic eight ball 
Amazed that the dj at wyep could discern the song that was played hours ago by two words \love\ " and \ " hand \"." 
Jens Lekman seems to be keeping me up hmm ... 
Missing the sound of crickets . 
Maybe I don't want a new profile Facebook ... 
Ho'oponopono 
Zasiedlaj ? kto ( który ) ignoruj ? wiadomo ? ci s ? proste ale troszcz ? si ? niezale ? nie 
In an amazingly loving mood . Appreciating the silence and the task of designing a logo on a Saturday night . 
