jetBlue seriously knows how to pick awesome hotel rooms ! Flat Screen TV and < PROPMALE > Size bed ! Yeah baby ! Xbox anyone ?! Lol :P 

JBU in MCO ! =D 
HazMat is boooring .... 
I got to fly a A320 Lvl D today ... had a great takeoff and a great landing 
\How much Blue would a Jetter Jet if a Jetter could jetBlue ? \ " ;D " 
Graduated from jetBlue U ! Time to fly MCO JFK OAK ! =D 
Seriously ... JBU training moduels are sooo time consuming . Good thing I finished all of them today ! :D 
Hmmm night shift at OAK ... ZZZZZzzzZZZZ snore . Seriously I should have brought my Xbox to work heh heh 
Happy New Years ! We gotta fly in the early am but I hope everyone stays safe and has a good time with their friends and family :) 
Already putting some mocha to use this year for our customers ! :p 
Back at OAK ... hmm somehow it is even more quiet than before ... :/ 
Damn I remember now why I hated studying all the time ... but its necessary from here on out again . If only I could soak up all this faster ... 
Wow +TSRA and CB's here in Cali ?! Damn global warming .. 
Applied internally to be a jetBlue Airways Dispatcher today ! :D Now a little luck , a few more emails to send , and a lot more luck on top of that and I can possibly land a interview in NYC ! Woo ! 
Going to see Book of < PROPMALE > in Union Landing ! Anyone is welcome to come ! 3:50 show :D 
Buried in FAA Forms ... 8710 , 8400 ... 8700 .. ugh ... lost in thoughts .. alteast < PROPMALE > will be on tonight ; something to look forward to heh . 
Finally I can try to stay up late and sleep all day tomorrow ... 
I'm FINALLY A FAA CERTIFIED AIRCRAFT DISPATCHER !! after 3 years of waiting , OAK FSDO B . S ... and a ton of emails/calls to other FAA persons .. =D SJC FSDO ROCKS ! 
Finally something happened for me that is good and not stress or jetBlue related ! 
YES ! Finally have a new student to instruct ! Woo hoo wheels up come Monday ! =D 
Bored . Atleast I don't have to work tomorrow 
Why am I wide awake at 9am on my only day off ?! :S 
Seriously I should making decisions for this airline in SOC this is insane ... now I'm off to to HWD to FLY my own flight ! Wheels up baby ! =D 
Storms a coming .. just beat it back in from the North ! :P Anyone want to join me on my road trip to Redding this weekend ?? 
Finally some daily flying and great weather to teach in ! :D 
A few touch and go's at OAK , some sightseeing over downtown SF ; all in a days work . Time to devour a big lunch ! 
Wow my brother from college is getting married and paying for the tux and place for me to stay in MT ?! Who knew a wedding could be cool ?! 
Deep in the depths of my thoughts . Lights out . 
Damn jury summons bs ... Doesn't CA know I have \residency\ " in Montana by now ?! ( 3rd time I've faxed them paperwork ... ) Time to plan a long cross country flight now ... hmm " 
Needs to fly far far away and not have to come back . One day hopefully soon . 
Another day another dollar .. atleast the lousy fog cleared out to tear it up around < PROPMALE > Airport ... I saw a < PROPFEMALE > a/c with a soloing student ... scary stuff ... 
Damn I hate fog and IFR when you have students that are not working on their Instrument . Maybe tomorrow will be better ... screw you clouds , I'm going home . :/ 
Some days its great to be a instructor ... today happened to be one of those days ! :) 
Damn it so tired of getting up at 4am ... patience is wearing thin . I need a different \extra\ " job . " 
Alright lots of sunshine , clear skies , great visibility ! Perfect training day for my students . Now on to some good food and call it a day . 
Hmm hoping its < PROPFEMALE > in the Valley so some maneuvering can get accomplished today . Byron/Tracy here we come ! 
Contemplating alternative opportunities to further myself and my career ... damn I hate paperwork . 
Teach gusty crosswind landings and wind shear practice or stay at home and call it a day .. hmm .. 
Damn Crosswind Landings are fun !!! :D Now if all these CB's could move on out it'd be a great training day . 
Can't sleep but I'm tired . Stressed out and burned . All I'm asking for is for a few hours of sleep damn it >:/ 
Monday is a Thursday for me but feels like a Tuesday today . :S 
Damn IFR ... I need my Commercial student to get his flight training clearance already . Snore TSA .. ZZZzzz 
Wow thunderstorms , heavy rain and light hail ! Not a good day to keep the Suby outside or go flying with my students . :/ 
Now this is a good day : Sleep in , a Intro Flight , some ground school classes and maybe a training flight today and sunshine FINALLY . :D 
12 hour work day = Need more ZZZzzzZZZ 
Fixed some PNR issues , did a cross country to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , buzzed Infineon Raceway , left some rubber at Livermore and ended the day with some weather theory in Hayward . Woot ! 
Next to the insane weather of hain , rain , gusty 40 knot crosswinds and then sunshine , it was all in all another day on the job 
Landed in the most eerily silent airport as a storm came in , booked it back to the Bay and now I'm curious as to why that airport even exists there ... KLLR .. how fitting for a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > novel ... 
Woo perfect day to fly , now off to a potential new place to work ... 
80 < PROPMALE > PLUS visibility !! I could see Mt . Lassen from Diablo today ! WOW ! :D 
Almost time to jump into a Seneca ! Yeah ! Finally something with some hp :) 
Damn I hate trying to sleep mid day so I can fly at night ... :S At last its my friday from B6 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today ! Woot ! I see SJC as a destination as well :D 
Ah my friday ... hmm at the pace I'm going I'm going to have 2 SIDA Badges and 2 Airport parking stickers ! YEAH ! ( Of course I didn't affix any sticker to my car windshield .. hah Port of Oakland ! ) 
One last early AM shift in OAK ... the end is near ! I hope flying keeps picking up :/ 
Failed Airstart , unticketed passengers , pushback tug driver pushing the jet almost to the FedEx ramp while LGB is coming in and full flights ... now that was a ending to my OAK experience ! hah ! What a blast :D 
Angles and Demons ... wow . That movie was insane ! :D 
Damn CB and Unstable weather systems ... fine keep me grounded today I'm starting at SJC tonight anyway . Something new for once .. 
Damn I won't lie I'm going to miss OAK AM ... I need a real flying job and just move on .. 
Seriously stressed out in so many ways that I hate almost everything at this point that doesn't make things easier in some way . 
The ANG has F22s and B2 stealth bombers but not the active USAF ? Wtf ? Suddenly the ANG looks kinda awesome .. 
SJC ... not as fun as OAK ... seriously I can't do this with only one flight ... :S 
American Eagle is hiring !!! YES ! Application takes forever to fill out but worth it .. 25 pilots plus per month ! :D 
It is so strange to have full internet access at the ticket counter .. hmm .. 
I'm going to seriously cry ... my Xbox died last night ... RROD .. :'( At least microsoft sent me a box to get it fixed ... 
Time to clean up the beach in Half < PROPFEMALE > Bay ! F driving , I'm flyin in ! ;) 
Walked the entire 5 < PROPMALE > from HAF airport to < PROPFIRST > Beach ... looong walk but saw all the beaches in Half < PROPFEMALE > Bay within a few hours . Not too shabby .. 
Good Vis today , busy at the non-con airports , not a cloud in the sky . Napa is awesome to fly on days like this ! =D 
Another day , another dollar . I need to go back to a Stage 1 Tune :/ 
Wooo damn Hulu is AWESOME !! I still got to watch < PROPMALE > ! :D woo ! 
IFR HWD-MAE and back ... Turbulence , Icing , Rain , IMC the whole way , and a remarkable breakout at 4000 feet in Bravo Airspace over San < PROPFIRST > ! Now thats flyin ! :D 
Off to Rio Vista ... 
I seriously can no longer fly in the left seat .. it was just too weird ! 
Work = Snore ... ZZZzzzZZZ ... 
damn intro flights on Sunday Ams ! So sick of flight instructing sometimes :/ 
Damn you FedEx on only hiring for one day for Air ops in OAK ! GRR ok I need a airline to call me back I need out of this place ! >:/ 
My chances are next to none . All they can say is no so why the hell not ... I applied to be a First Officer with jetBlue Airways ! Foot in the door , lets try and get it open ! :D ( Any reccomendations sent in would be greatly appreciated ! ) 
I get my XBox back tomorrow !! Wooooooooo ! Time to do some < PROPMALE > yardwork . 
Madera tomorrow AM for another checkride ... let's get another first time pass for my student ! 
SWEET ! Pay Raises AND interline agreement with South African Airways ! NICE ! =D 
Another day another dollar . What is this so called weekend ? Never heard of it . Hmm . 
Oh k time to prep the station for the return of our Beantown flight ! Where's the blue juice ?... 
Ok so free stuff for the customers AND the crewmembers on our new Beantown flight ?! THATS KICK ASS ! Jet SJC to BOS on the shuteye ! Woot ! 
Audi S4 = Really slow car vs my STi ;) 
Woo ! Flyin to Montana tomorrow AM ! Maybe Alaska will upgrade me to 1st class up to SeaTac ;D 
Sitting in SeaTac waiting for next flight . Snore ... 
And so I've returned to Billings , Montana ! Ahhh fresh air and even better scenery ! :D 
Thunderstorms ! Monson rain ! Lightning strikes near my damn car ! This is insane out here in the backcountry ! Lol 
Congrats Zac on getting married Bro ! 
Woo one more day in Montana ! Full flights today outta SeaTac ... oh well :p 
Seriously doesn't want to leave Montana and go back to California .. :/ Come on and make some pilot jobs up here ! 
Back in SeaTac ! I already miss Montana :/ 
< PROPMALE > !! Season finale wooooo ! Good way to finish off my vacation :) 
Seriously is it the full < PROPFEMALE > or does everyone who has to fly out tonight have some sort of problem checking in ?! 
Up ! What a good movie wow . :) 
Today : Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs ! :p 
Chillin at SFO ... listening for jetBlue 1436 on approach ! :) woo BA 747 ! 
Wooo we are going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for our station anniversary next month , for freeeee ! Damn this airline seriously kicks ass ! Yeah \other guys\ " you got nothin ! ;P " 
Bored .. guess its time to wash the STi and busy myself 
Would really like to somehow get a job with Mountain Aviation if there pilots are about to retire .. come on Citations and < PROPMALE > Airs !! 
Red Dead Redemption on Fox ! This is awesome ! :D 
Can't sleep .. ugh .. playing < PROPMALE > Wake until I finally crash out 
Smack ! Hello summer heatwave .. :S 
Another day , another dollar .. I need another vacation away from here ! 
Damn I hate having allergies grrr >:( 
Now this is nice when its dark and 75 degrees ! :D 
Time to Fly the Monterey Bay today ! :D 
E3 is nothing less than AMAZING with the stuff coming out for gamers ! =D 
Pissed off at jetblue and the bs PTO system that they use . F'in useless 
Damn it I hate having to run through 2 terminals to get to the buss when it doesn't stop !! 
Yeah yeeaah no missing the bus tonight ! HAH .. and the flight was late .. BLUE TURN ! ;D 
Woo going SF with my dad for fathers day . What to do hmmm .. 
HOT hot hot .. come on night .. need some natural AC about now ! 
Come on American Eagle gimme a call ! I want out of here ! Haha 
The dog just hit the screen door at full speed and had the most hilarious wtf just happened ?! Look all over his face LOL 
Meeting with < PROPMALE > Barger was AWESOME ! How cool is it to meet your airline's CEO ?! :D 
Happy 4th of July to everyone ! Hope you all have a blast and remember those who gave the ultimate sacrafice past and present to give us our freedoms today . Now go blow some up some fireworks and eat some bbq ! =D 
All quiet on the western front ... come on 2300 so I can go home ! 
Job hunting ... 
Why does California have to suck so much ?! Why can't it be a great state instead of a dump ?.. :/ 
Planning a trip to Seattle in September for PAX West 2010 ! Any accommodation suggestions ?? 
5.1 Dolby Surround Sound = Awesome Movie and Gaming experience ! =D 
Dragging though the minutes at work tonight ... :/ Snore ... 
YES FINALLY FOOTBALL SEASON HAS BEGUN ! Goodbye lame Baseball ! 
Got some real golf clubs ! Time to hit some balls for the hell of it ! :D 
Almost time to play some more Medal of Honor Beta ! Hopefully its alot more fun tonight :) 
Laptop gave out after 8 years of servitude .. damn this sucks . :/ 
Scored a interview with FIT in Florida ! Now I just need to get AA or Cape Air to do the same hmm 
Damn summer just hit Cali with its backhand and it F'n burns ! :S 
I JUST WAS HIRED BY CAPE AIR for Captain ! WOO ! :D Yeah I'm going to Boston ! 
Writing for a gaming website and preparing for my ATP = Awesome rush ! 
Game on after B6 tonight , Halo : Reach ! 
Halo : Reach tonight ! Everyone is welcome to join in and have a blast ! :) 
Damn so much to do in just a week ugh stress ! :S 
Yeah JFK ... you and your thunderstorms , runway closures , and near 3 hour bust of the tarmac delay rules ... and then you still send a flight to SJC at 4 AM ... 
Damn it STILL AT WORK seriously , JFK get your shit together ... 
Time to jet to FLL outta SFO woo ! :D 
Nice tropical storm Nicole ... coming in the day I want to fly out of here heh 
Ground school starts Monday , sim training the week after in HYA !, time to start a new adventure ! 
Initial Ground School : Check DONE .... ATP : Coming up next week in Hyannis ! =D 
Yea !! I got a new laptop from my dad as a bday present ! KICK ASS ! I can almost smell the sweet air of Cape Cod :D 
ATP Written : Pass ! Check ... Last day w/ jetBlue :/ coming up .. what a great company damn I hate to leave it 
Off to Beantown tonight ! Bye Bay Area and jetBlue ! Time to open the Cape Air chapter and fill it up with some good times ! won't lie though leaving home is rough . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday comments ! It makes my first day in Hyannis a very memorable one ! :D 
Systems Training Day 2 ! Started practice of cockpit flows and emergency \red box\ " items . This is totally the most fun I've had in a long time ! :D " 
9K Ground school : Completed ! Aircraft Flows and Simulator next up . Hopefully by next week I will be flying the C402 ! 
Road trip around the Cape to P-town ! 
Seems like a Cape Air STL base is in order for myself after training ... some Midwest flying . Atleast I'll get a FO and have an AA codeshare tagged on my flight number ! 
Mac : I wish I could be there with you in your final moments . I will always remember how much you unconditionally loved us all . May God open his doors so you can be with the angels . I'll miss you so much . 
Rained out on flying today .. hmm . Next week hopefully I'll get to a checkride and IOE ! 
Victory is NEAR ! GO GIANTS ! 
The CLOSER IS IN THE HOUSE ! STRIKE EM OUT !! 
GIANTS WORLD CHAMPTIONS BABY !! YEAH !!! 
Bid Awarded ! I'm going to < PROPMALE > , Illinois ! Mid-West here I come ! 
ATP and 135 PIC checkride on Wednesday !! Finally ... then my IOE and then I'm flyin home ! ( On none other than B6 of course ! ) :D 
Passed my ATP and Part 135 checkride !!! I am officially a Cape Air Captain !! :D 
Got my wings and stripes today from the chief pilot ! IOE here I come . Lets get this done before thanksgiving .. that'd be awesome :) 
First IOE Line tomorrow ! HYA-BOS roundrobin ! YEA this is going to be fun ! :D 
Boston routes today have been the most fun I have ever had in my career ! The customers and crew at this airline rock ! Next up : ACK Air ! :D 
Hello and goodmorning !, I'm < PROPFIRST > , your Nantucket Captain for today ! Yeah this job is awesome ! Come fly ACK Air on us ! =D 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Time to pull out roasted turkeys , tons of food , snacks , xmas lights and trees , connecting with family and friends and bringing hope and joy to everyone ! This is the best time of the year ! =D 
IOE Completed ! I can finally leave HYA !! Time to migrate back west :) 
Back to SJC tomorrow afternoon on FLT 471 ! Get to see the SJC crew ! woot woot ! =D 
Sitting at < PROPFIRST > ( BOS ) bored ... snore ... ZZZZzzzz ... ready to jet home ! 
Is home in the Bay until Friday .. then road trip to my new home in Illinois ... 
Sushi Boat tonight ! Home is great ... :D 
Finally in < PROPMALE > ! Time to live it up on the line :D 
Comcast seriously has a monopoly on the internet market and charge ridiculous prices yet I still pay it anyway ... hmm ... such is the costs of renting a house 
Crew scheduling foul up , de-icing unit runs out of gas , and a dead battery on the a/c so it had to be connected to a power cart .. all on my first flight today ... : X 
Woo blizzard warnings , rime ice and full loads ! This is some rough flying over here but man its great ! haha 
A full day of jumpseating back home to OAK on SWA ! Good stuff :) 
Helping the economy by xmas present shoppin ... of all the places I can fly to I end up buying presents in expensive Cali at home ! haha 
Back to work in < PROPMALE > ... 
2 Short RT's to STL and back tonight and then jumpseat'n back to OAK in the AM ! 
Sitting in AUS waiting for my 3rd jumpseat leg to get to OAK after late flights and delays . Its all made up for by sitting up front though :) 
FINALLY HOME .. damn that was a long day jumpseating 
SWA Flight Crews = Awesome . Had a blast jumpseating up front from LAX to STL . Southwest you rock ! :D 
Crazy winter storm day in STL .. of course we still fly here at Cape Air ! and here I thought Montana had bad weather days .. hah . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 9K running full speed in STL ! 
Cookin the Christmas dinner ! Oh yeah we know how to cook around here ! :D 
Eating sushi with my dad and brother in fremont ! 
Got a droid x for christmas ! ! :D 
On to my 2nd droid x ... the first one had issues :( 
Time to migrate east to STL in a day full of cancellations hmm 
Rain showers , thunderstorms and turbulence today ! Its going to be an adventure getting back and forth to STL 
Tornado sirens at STL going off as we boarded our < PROPMALE > flight . The flight itself was one for the books ! 
My first full days off in < PROPMALE > are coming up ... im sure that will be oh so exciting 
Ok lets not get any more severe icing on the routes tomorrow ; that'd be great . 
Still does not understand the \bar scene\ " ... :/ " 
Ready to jumpseat on SWA back to OAK and relax at home . I found more to do in Montana than out here ... 
Go JETS ! Beat down the lousey cheatin Patriots ! Yeah ! 
Almost my days off ... what to do !? Hmm 
Line Checked ! Well atleast it was just like any other flight .. 
Peanut butter jelly time ! Peanut butter jelly time ! :P 
Fog SUCKS ! Delayed .... :/ 
Delays turn to Cancellations ... :( Seriously ... fog like this in the middle of land ?! 
Dead Space 2 ... amazing game ! Well worth the money ! :D 
Freezing Rain coming to UIN and STL ... I see a day off coming up ! 
Jumpseating on UAL from STL to SFO ! :D 
It is so HOT in California holy crap ... damn it I do NOT want to go back to STL ugh .. 
Where do I want to fly on my days off this week ? How about Madrid , Spain ! :D 
First class to Madrid on < PROPFEMALE > !!! :D hells YEAH ! 
I AM IN SPAIN !!! YEAH !! :D 
Departing Madrid in 5 hours on Delta ... maybe we will go back through JFK and have the same awesome crew we had coming out ... hmmm 
Checking in for ATL flight from MAD . Spain was awesome ! 
Peanut butter jelly time tomorrow ! 
The 40 year old virgin = always awesome movie no matter how many times you watch it ! 
Oh yeah clear and a million with 65 degree weather ! Melt that damn snow finally ! :D 
If I'm lucky I'll have contacts to wear after today .. no more glasses finally . Now where did I hide my Oakleys ??.. hmm 
Daytona 500 is insane this year ! Hope I don't miss the last lap before flight time .. stop crashing into walls damn it ! 
House = awesome 
I seriously dislike this town ... I couldn't stand living here longer than my duty week ugh . 
I can not wait until I am out of this dump that's called the midwest . October can not come fast enough 
Hail ruined the hood of my car ... I guess its time to go with some carbon fiber and start upgrading again . 
Ok let's not have golf ball sized hail again today ... that'd be great 
Sweet extra overtime today ! Now if the cruddy . weather can move off to the Northeast that'd be good 
FINALLY SkyWest and American Eagle are HIRING ! APPLICATION TIME ! :D 
Back to work ... 
Come on base bid ... give me MVY or ACK for the summer !! 
System bid closes tomorrow at 12 ! I hope I get Marthas Vineyard ! Otherwise another 6 months in < PROPMALE > ugh ... 
Alright !!! I'm going to Nantucket for the summer for Cape Air !! :D 
Well my CFI is now good until 2013 ... yay ... 
Now i remember why I don't like going to dance clubs ... ugh I am not one to belong there 
Allright time to deal with some thunderstorms and winds upwards of 35 knots ! woo ! Bringing the A game with Hammertime ... 
