One way or another im a bad brother , word to the mother fker ! 

Got to lose your way , just to find your way ! 
Simple as that for your Simple ass . 
< PROPFIRST > FAMILIA FOR LIFE EYYYY 
helloo first day of real a job :] 
We MUST learn to express ourselves . 
Conformity is the process by which an individual's attitudes , beliefs , and behaviors are influenced by other people . This influence occurs in both small groups and society as a whole , and it may be the result of subtle unconscious influences , or direct and overt social pressure . ... WHAT ARE YOU CONFOMING TO ? OPEN YOUR EYES ! 
Who says they want to battle and then is too afraid to actually do it ? not any bboy i know 
I need all your < PROPFIRST > !!! my phone lost all of its contacts ,, please send me your number if your anyone to meh ;] 
Honeing in on my skills to smoke some posersss :] 
some will judge you , some will treat you like an outcast , do you have enough stamina to outlast ? 
mmmm breakbeats flowin through the brain and translated to my feet 
just ran 3 whole < PROPMALE > wooooo , 3 < PROPMALE > closer to world cup status lol 
maaan i dropped my phone and lost alll my < PROPFIRST > .... AGAIN , send me your < PROPFIRST > and ill be a happy kid :] 
Team Edw0rdd 
That octopus doesnt know shiet !! 
Haters gona hate 
Talent is developed , not handed out . 
No love lost .... No love found , never thought id quote weezy f baby HAH 
Fools don't know real if it was on their doorstep , like welcome in to the fake life you get the respect just for the halfstep 
Playing some soccer eyyyyy 
Let bygones be bygones ... 
my grandpa went to pierce 50 years ago under the same name 0_0 thats a trip 
To Live and Die in LA ... 
One good thing about music , when it hits you feel no pain- < PROPMALE > nowell ( not biter drake ) 
Hollywood bound Tonight ! 
i <3 Apples 
Hip Hop still lives in Bboying 
Early mornin session doin it cause i dont have a choice :] GBC FOR LIFE 
Time to wake up and gets what mine ... THIS WORLD\ 
\ 
GRAND BROTHUZ CLAN 
Todays Actions are Tomorrow Dreams . 
(( X+20)-J ) x C = FAT 
TURN IT LOOSE ALL DAY 
Nothing is for certain , definately nothing is handed out , but ill prove my worth through the years of my life not through days of bliss . 
BRAAAINZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
I officially have a English friend :D 
Wake and Break 
First day of work D: 
This goes out to learning from others mistakes . 
GRAND BROTHUZ CLAN ALLLDAY ERRDAY 
Embrace creativity & indulge in originality , and your soul will be welcome to new heights . 
5 YEARS .... NEVER LOOKING DOWN 
thank you to everybody who wished me a happy bday :D 
Know that no matter how good or skilled you are you can always become better and never cease to become more skillful in anything you do . 
High is now where i aim . in all the different contexts . haaaaaaaa 
