getting siblings photos taken than back to VWC :( 

is spending her last day with < PROPFEMALE > hoping on a happy note ... 1 more day till Norfolk !! 
isn't feeling the good bye yet i really dont want to say it :( 
feels like something is missing in her life right now ... maybe it's you ?? 
WAS HAVING A PRETTY GOOD MORNING AND THAN IT JUST ENDED IN A FLASH ... leaving for Northfolk in a few hours , I cant waittttt !!! 
It's 4:03 and I can't sleep Without you next to me I Toss and turn like the sea If I drown tonight , bring me Back to life Breathe your breath in me The only thing that I still believe In is you , if you only knew- Shinedown ( good song and < PROPFEMALE > true ) off to 
Is working on scholarships all day ...... I hope I win a few so I can shut my mom up about paying for college !! 
is feeling lost and feels like she will never be found .. off day !! 
are you joking with me she first takes a love and now i find out the stupid face has the same phone as me .... bitch needs to back the F off fo sho lol 
<3 ' s hearing about new styles of bands so if you have any band in mind i'd love to hear them 
is wishing the SBHS class of 09 good luck in wherever their life’s take them :-) you all should be extremely proud of yourselves !!! ( omg next year is going to be even worse ) 
is feel a lil better but still can't eat :-( sad news .. don't give me crap , i really don't want to hear it !! 
“Told you I'll be here forever , Said I'll always be your friend , Took an oath I'mma stick it out ' till the end” – ( good song but much better when All Time Low is singing it ) my tummy is still hurting :-( 
Had quite the night , starts off running to the book store to find a good read than leaves with guys whistling at her ( if you know me well , I don’t deal with that shit so I let them know how I felt hehe ) . there’s more to it but it’s a long story . 
deff had one of the best days of her teenage life ... spend sibling time with my bro and sis and got to see the band Forever The Sickest Kids and last but most of all I had my ID signd . I couldn't of asked for a better day :-) 
hates crazzy jealous girls ... chill out , i'm not going to take ur man lol 
ISSS SOOOOOO HAPPYYY RIGHT NOWWW .... I'M GOING TO VWC AKA < PROPFEMALE > WESLEYAN COLLEGE !!! ahhhhhhhhhhh this is suchhhhh amazingggg newsssssss but i will miss my < PROPMALE>'s people a lotttt !!!!!!! 
“Some call it arrogant , I call it confident” “I got a big ego , such a huge ego , But he love my big ego , it's too much , I walk like this ' cause I can back it up” –The best 2 lines in the song Ego by Beyonce <3 it !! 
Deff had one of the better 4ths . I’m quite the happy camper right now :-) yaay happy times with high school homies !! 
From now on it's only going to get better and i'm < PROPFEMALE > happy for the outcome in the end !!! 
is soooo happy < PROPFEMALE > is in VA till monday yaaaay WHIFEY TIME .... DC TOMORROW !!! 
i like men dancing around me in string bikinis and their junk bouncing up and down . and i love < PROPFEMALE > marie . <3 hehe BOSSWASnotHERE . 
spent the best day with her wifey < PROPFEMALE > :) i'm sooooo happy right now ... DC in the AM i can't waitttttt !!!! 
is defff having the best time with her wifey this weekend .... work in the AM and clubing at night , i hope !!! 
last night with tessa ... TIME TO GET SHITTY :-) 
LOVIN LIFEEE WITH THE WIFEYYY <3 HOLLA GETTIN SHITTYYY 
seeing Mr. Potter tonight :-) this should be good 
deff didn't feel the < PROPMALE > Potter movie tonight but ok i did cry a lil when dumbledore was killed but just a lil :-( 
is thinking about getting a haircut ... i'm thinking about change ??? 
had a lovely night bowling with some studs and I defiantly learned some new things about some of those young men 
work is going to be deathly today ... running on NO SLEEP blaaaa !!!!! 
can't sleep ... to much on my mind :-( 
has to grow into liking her hair :( stupid haircut people who don't understand english , you all stink !!! 
thinks speed dating on facebook is messed up !! lol who even thinks about dating over the web , i mean come on now ??? 
is completely reckless tonight 
going to my little drummer boy baileys play than maybe taking the siblings out to spend some bonding time .. 
had a good night chilling with Ranna , it was needed !! 
needs time away from those who want to making decisions for me ... with that , I’ll say this in the most loving way , don't text me don't call me and don't message me . I know you’re looking out for me and I’m thankful but I just need time away from talk 
is stupid for eating garlic bread knowing I’m allergic to garlic .... even though it was sooo good I’m now in a cold sweat :-( 
today was a better day thanks to my siblings who I <3 spending time with . I'm deff going to miss them when I'm back at school :-( ( it really sucks seeing you so upset , but I can't help if you won't talk to me ) 
can't sleep cuz of the fact I having so much on my mind also I have work at 9-5 :-( this is going to stink waking up and staying awake !! 
just woke up from a really odd dream about walking in on someone who was going to the bathroom ... the people in the dream i haven't talk to or seen , in a really long time haha soooooo oddddddd !! 
omggg it's true it's true you can die having sex lol AWESOMEEEEE !!!! 
hatess talking to the rents about student loans :-( this is such a long and boring processes that comes with college !! 
<3 ' s getting phone calls at 5 am from a pretty cute but sick marine .. poor guy :-( 
Can’t wait to move up to school N for the new Breathe < PROPFEMALE > CD to come out .... I’m < PROPFEMALE > happy and thankful right now hahahaha :-) 
not feeling my mom bitching about getting ready for college but on a happy note i'm almost at college yaay 3 more weeks !!!! 
is DEFINITELY NOT HAPPY right now , in fact she is even past PISSED OFF . so MAD that words can't even describe this FEELING !!! 
is glad she met a good friend like ranna ... I <3 her so !! 
had so much fun yesterday/ last night , crazzy guys ... AC + PS = bro <3 for life haha 
IS OFF TO NORFOLK TO VISIT MY COLLEGE VWC ..... SOOO PUMPED !!!! 
was driving lost at night in NORFOLK for 2 hours .... I think thats was by far one of the scariest things i had to deal with !!! ohh N while i was trying to get help on the phone , my cell just killed it's self :-( 
is definitely not happy right now I got to say there are some stupid people who make up our world . a little word to the wise , don't fucking promise me something if you’re not going to fulfill it in the end !! 
IS with RANNA and IS <3 every moment ... I'm really going to miss her when we go to school but lucky us , our schools are only 2 hours away :-) 
IS OMG < PROPFEMALE > OO FREAKING HAPPY RIGHT NOW , I JUST GOT IN THE MAIL THE NEW BREATHE < PROPFEMALE > CD AND WITH IT AN AUTOGRAPH FROM BOTH BAND MEMBERS AHHHHHHH THIS IS < PROPFEMALE > THE BEST FREAKING EVENING :-) NOW BLASTING MY NEW CD AND CHILLING WITH THE LIL BRO ... 
had a longgggg day at work only 2 more days of it and 4 days till i leave for school .. Thank god but now I’m off to see the doc for a checkup and after , I’m going to 5 below awesomeee i knowww !!! PS.to you know who , i say pick the ribs !! 
is < PROPFEMALE > pumped for the live chat with BREATHE < PROPFEMALE > at midnight !!! 
really misses her RANNA right now but I know she will be flipping amaizng at college !!!! <3 you lovely lady !!! 
is having a hard time leaving the family for school but on a happy note last day of work today yaaaay 4-9 !!! 
Feels useless and just doesn’t know how to deal with her feelings about anything anymore ... ( I would of thought of a catchy song lyric , but I’m just not feeling like it tonight ) 
had the best last day/night in Ashburn , I'm glad I got to see a few friends tonight b4 i leave and even better I got to go shoping with my mom all day . now i'm leaving for school in 3 hours .... this is so bittersweet !! 
THINKS she’s all unpacked at the NEW SCHOOOL ( I really do miss all the homies at KING’S ) but now it's time for bed , boo 8 am class !!!! ps ..... word to the wise don't walk into Norfolk Wal-Mart at 10 pm ish with a real coach purses , you will definitely be eyed head to toe :-( 
is doing homework allllllllll dayyy while everyone else is at the beach :-( boooo this isn't cool !!! 
isn't feeling this school thing anymore , I'm deff missing the < PROPMALE>'s college crew a lot today :-( good luck on ur first day of classes !! I <3 and miss you all a lot !!!!!!! 
has lost her voice ... yess today witll be a quite day at VWC because i cant talk lol blaaa i hate being sick :-( 
is still sick with bronchitis but < PROPFEMALE > looking forward to this weekend !!!! 
at the beach with the roomie to do hw ( we'll see how much hw i'll get done ?? ) later i'm going greek :-) 
is up early doing homework :-( 
is happy the family is coming up to see me today :-) 
is going to trying to work with what i'm stuck with ... i'm not going to let this new place get me down anymore !! 
missed class again for the 2ed time now .... I'm so upset with myself !!! 
is stuck in her room doing homework all dayyyyyy !!!!!!!! 
taking care of bigs drunk bum ... thank god she is 21 cuz getting her back to her house would of been hard from dodging the guards !!! 
is wanting another piercing ( maybe a lil stud below the right side of my lip ?? ) also i've gotten grades back and i guess having sleepless night pays off because i'm getting A's :-) 
BIRTHDAY IS TODAYYYYY ... FROM 12 AM-NOW I'VE HAD A PRETTY AMAZING START TO MY 19TH BIRTHDAY ( MAN I'M OLD HAHA ) BUT THANKS TO THOSE WHO KICKED MY BITHDAY OFF ON A GOOD NOTE , IT WAS < PROPFEMALE > SWEET OF YOU AND I'M REALLY THANKSFUL TO HAVE FRIEND LIKE YOU GUYS !!! BTW NO B-DAY SEX FOR CHELS HAHAHAAHAH !!!!! 
deff had the most amazing birthday of all of her bithdays ... thanks for the b-day wishes , it was really sweet :-) 
been a YEAR and life goes on .... ugggg < PROPFEMALE > much homework !!! 
feels so not feeling well right now boooo stress you make me sick , Literally :-( 
can't wait to see the family or at least the lil bro this weekend and the next weekend at JMU with my lovely lady Ranna :-) miss you girl !!! 
is soooooo sleepy but cant find away to fall a sleep and i have to be up in 5 hours :-( stupid paper !! 
is kind of upset she isn't doing the extra credit for CJ tonight even though she needs all the extra credit she can get from this class !!! ( also i hope i can see my ranna this weekend at JMU ) 
has this big dorm room to herself for 2 nights and is so lonely . there is no one to talk to b4 bed . ( on a side note i get to see my ranna friday-sunday at JMU ) AWESOMEEEEE !!! 
has been up with a pretty awesome guy but now it's JMU time !!! I sure hope i can sleep on the bus !!! 
missed her bus to JMU :-( boo this is < PROPFEMALE > not awesome ... i guess now i have to do homework because no one seems to be here . 
has the worst case of hiccups .... this has been happening off and on for the past 3 days now :-( 
“YOU'RE LOOKIN ' SO COOL YOU'RE LOOKIN ' SO FLY , I CAN'T DENY THAT I'M STARIN ' YOU DOWN AND DEN I , I WANNA TRY TO BE THE PERSON YOU WANT THE PERSON YOU NEED , ITS HARD TO CONCEIVE THAT SOMEBODY LIKE YOU COULD BE WITH SOMEONE LIKE ME I'M HAPPY KNOWIN ' THAT YOU ARE MINE , THE GRASS IS GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE , THE MORE I THINK THE MORE I WISH THAT WE COULD LIE HERE FOR HOURS AND JUST REMINISCE”- by NeverShoutNever 
2 philosophy write ups , 1 FYE essay with 2 write ups and I have to start on a criminology study guide .... this dousn't sound fun one bit and to make it wors , it seems to not want to stop raining outside which is putting everyone including myself in a pissy mood tonight :-( 
hates taking the VWC FYE class ... there is < PROPFEMALE > much to do and no time to do it all !! 
tried to be a good person by giving $23.00 to a women who told me that she needed money to feed her kids .. Well let’s just say I was played like no other ( I blame you mom for telling me to always look out for people ) now I’m now $23.00 poor and I feel like crap cuz I thought I really helped out a family tonight :-( 
is really really sick ... I still can't eat :-( 
isn't feeling any better today and all she wants is to be at < PROPMALE>'s College for the weekend !!!!! * miss you all more than you'll ever know * 
is thinking are we FREE ..... what do you think ???? 
Is CRAMMING for her stupid CRIMINOLOGY test which is at 4 . it’s no good to procrastinate when it comes to schoolwork :-( 
is wondering what this weekend could bring ?? I'm thinking a quiet weekend because the boy and my big are out of town .. 
\You're only as tall as your heart will let you be And you're only as small as the world will make you seem When the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall Just look on the brightside - you're roughly six feet tall \"" 
cant sleep cuz of being in a ROOM ALONE while a BIG STORM is outsider her window :( leaving for Cashburn at 10 AM to see my lil man act !! 
is not to happy because she won't get to see her lil man act on opening night :( stupid weather why do you mess up my plans !!!!! well now that i'm stuck here in Norfolk lets go to the beachhh !!! 
is speechless over this big news she just found out .... this kind of sucks a lotttt !!! 
saw NEW < PROPFEMALE > and the music is even better than the first TWILIGHT !!! 
deff had a pretty amazing night !! now as for how she will feel in the AM , I'm not to sure about :-( but thats ok cuz it was deff the best night i had here at college !! 
had the most amazing thanksgiving .... starting with seeing Ranna , then saw 2012 with my lil man and back to Rannas house for more chill time :) now today is all about HOMEWORK !! 
has come to the conclusion that The Beatles and Owl City are the SOUNDTRACK to my life .. 
is studing really hard for CRIMINOLOGY this weekend/week !!! ( can't wait for friday to come and go so i can be done with this school thing ) 
can't sleep way to much on my mind ...... this night was madd fucked up booo !!! 
thinks it's funny that she still gets < PROPMALE>'s college emergency text ... lucky you guys for having a compressed schedule :) i wish that here in VA beach we could get a snow day but no we end up getting hurricanes haha 
has her criminology exam at 12 and is freaking out about it :( i really hope i get a good grade on this .. 
got a freaking D in CRIMINOLOGY .... are you joking with me , this is going to bring down my GPA sooooo muchhh .. 
had quite the day of being on the road , but now she is safe at home in CASHBURN haha ok it's time to make money for next semester .. 
is thinking where did this week go off 2 ?? ohh yeah thats right , at hallmark !!!! ( yaaaay hours on end at work ) snow day tomorrow and i'm sure i'll be working for someone .. 
is done with your SHENANIGANS ..... you have played me for the last time and I'm better off without you !! 
and Mr. Shrum feel that the movie Blind Side was INSPIRING haha it just makes you want to go out and do something with your life ... 
, < PROPFEMALE > Yanc and < PROPFEMALE > Kincaid aka my lil man are having wayyyyy to much fun on our videocams playing on skype while we all are about 2 feet away from each other haha 
has a new obsession , SCARVES !!!!!! 
has class at 12:30 .. I'm already missing home :-( 
isn't feeling so fantastic tonight but i do <3 my class i'm taking this winter !! 
feels like she got so much done today :) 
isn't feeling so well today . definitely not enough sleep , thinking about to much stuff .. 
Gray ;-) ( maybe watching the game with some studs tonight ? ) 
Jell-o , boys yelling about random crap , driving a Lexus to taco < PROPFEMALE > for a nightly snack .. yeahh I’d say this was a pretty good and definitely needed night for me :) thanks you 2 
\It is better to be told a hurtful truth than to be told a comforting lie . ” " 
Don't pull that shit again For me now but I'm building up I can see that I've had enough of U I'm finally through And all I see in U Is another mistake right over my shoulder Now I see who U are And all I saw in U Was a boy just lookin for <3 Now all I need is an APOLOGY But damn THAT’S JUST 2 MUCH Everybodys talkin bout how UR not the boy That U say U are With the deceiving little smile and UR black hole of DENIAL 
had a pretty good night ... ok more like a really good night :) 
just woke up from one of the scariest dreams and now I'm really sleepy .. 
has THE peer test today for certification !! I'm madd freaking out : -X 
starts the new semester today woot woot : 0 plan for today : class , gym , dinner and then class again at what , 8ish-9ish ?? 
had quite the busy first two days of classes , now bed time and it’s nowhere near 12 AM . this semester is going to fly by so fast !!! 
is getting another night of no sleep becuase of her endless amount of homework and her annoying cough that seems to not want to leave .. this is no bueno :( 
saved < PROPFEMALE > Kidd ass tonight .. NO REALLY I DID haha what a night 
has an infatuation with MUSIC tonight !! I'm falling deeper and deeper in a type of music transe . The way it makes me sway my hips to a soft < PROPFEMALE > , the way it whisper sweet sounds that seem to take my breath away , all i can do is let go and not look back 
IS GETTING HIGH .......... ON LIFE TONIGHT !!! Just waiting it out , it'll be ok in a day or so .... 
still up late for the 3rd night , this is no good :-( 
got to talk to her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on Skype today and I'm soooooooo happy right nowwww but I reallllllly miss my KING'S COLLEGE FAMILY !!! 
has no drive tonight to do homework 
is still up , I'm thinking about not even going to sleep tonight .. 
needs to find the drive to do her homework tonight and to go to class thursday .. 
< PROPFIRST > White gets his NUMBER 2 GOLD :-) I'm telling you it's because he was waring number 5 and thats a lucky number !!! 
wants 5:00 PM to come already ... TODAY is the DAY I find out if I'll be an RA next fall !!! 
needs to get away ASAP !!! 
grandpap is coming to see me today and I maybe seeing my mom as well ..... definitely needs this family time . 
Is sorry for not ANSWERING Texts , Calls , E-mails or Facebook Chat Messages this weekend . I just haven’t been feeling like myself , you understand 
is starting to really hate school a lot more than she thought ?!? < PROPFEMALE > much to do and I seem to never have time to do it all .... this really is no bueno !! 
IS SOOOO FREAKING HAPPY SHE WILL BE AT KING'S COLLEGE FROM 17th-20th TO VISIT HER KING'S FAMILY !!!!! I MISS YOU ALL SOOOO MUCH AND I REALLY CAN'T WAIT !!!! 
had a pretty killer day at the beach , now it's time to get down to business with these midterms ( 5 days till I get to see Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajer and < PROPFEMALE > Manausa <3 10 days till I’m back with my < PROPMALE>'s family .. I’m < PROPFEMALE > pumped to see everyone ) 
is kind of freaked about her GEOGRAPHY MID-TERM tomorrow but sooo exited that Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajerand < PROPFIRST > Shrum are coming to see her in less than 24 hours :-) this is already a good week end though there are test .. 
is really lucky to have friends like < PROPFIRST > Shrum and Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajer because they came to see her at school and now back to the 703 for SPRING BREAK and wednesday leaving for < PROPMALE>'s College ... madd pumped !!! 
spent the whole day with < PROPFEMALE > Kincaid now watching paranormal activity while doing homework :) it's good to be home with family !!! 
thinks her family is kicking her out of the house ... this is the text i got from my mom while she is in the next room \Do not think I'm being a smart ass by this question . when ur back in leesburg ur turning 20 . r u wishing 3/4 bedroom ? \ " me \ " mom are you trying to say ur kicking me out ? \ " ok now i know how she really feels haha time to do homework .. " 
going to < PROPFEMALE > Kincaid aka lil mans improv show , maybe getting skin cancer and after doing homework till really late tonight .... 
Hello there world , today is St. Patrick’s Day and I’m in fact IRISH .. So I’ll be taking kisses all day ;-) haha leaving for < PROPMALE>'s College ( I’ll be there at 2:40 pm ) and no I didn’t plan to go up to king’s on this day but hell I’ll embrace the celebration !! 
is now home from < PROPMALE>'s College and she had such a good time seeing friends/college family ( you all don't even know how HAPPY i was to see everyoe once again !!! ) ... next order of business , trying to MAKE IT OUT ALIVE in these following 2 months , NO REALLY !! 
Isn’t going back to school today !! Sad news is I have to leave really early tomorrow morning ohh off topic , CNN is freaking amazing especially today’s debate !!!! 
just finished all her spring break homework and is all packed up ( I think ?? ) well leaving for school in 2 hours blaa i'm sooo sleepy .. 
back at VWC :-( I miss my life outside of this place but i'll just have to suck it up !?? unpacking and doing homework for the upcoming weeks ... Miss you < PROPMALE>'s College peeps haha , had madd fun with you all even though i didn't get to party haha 
head is really killing today blaaaaa round 2 of taking concerta and this time I'll try to stay away from soda !! 
<3 being in the sun , chilling with people who give off positive vibes , focusing on school and stay away from those who aren’t so good . OVER ALL THIS WAS A GOOD WEEK FOR ME :) 
Never knew that a lot of the songs I <3 to blare in the car where from SUBLIME .. I’m telling you , in a past life I may have been a hippy haha :P 
note to self do not take your PRECRIBED CONCERTA at 12:00 PM , you will be up the whole night but the good news is you get a lot of cleaning done at night :) now I'm doing homework , fun night I know .. 
can't believe her grandma has a facebook now !!?? : -0 haha your so awesome grandma 
“You know how there's a national database for sexual offenders , well I think there should be one for cheaters as well” hahahahaha WELL DONE .. 
is sooo happy she is transferring back to < PROPMALE>'s College !!!!! :-) 
Moms BIRTHDAY is today .. Mom you’re such an old fart but I’m glad you made it through another year :-) <3 U mom from your #1 cha cha girl ( haha don’t judge me people ) 
head is killing and still needs to get a paper done but not sure how to start it .. this is really lame !! 
Wishes that all these papers would stop being assigned !! 
feels like her HEAD is going to EXPLODE !! over all , I'm really not feeling well because of writing papers all day ... LAME !! 
had quite the weekend of being destructive !! First by starting fights with everyone , even the people who did nothing to her . To solve this problem she was locked away in her dorm room like a psycho bitch and came out tonight with one 4 < PROPFEMALE > paper , one 2 < PROPFEMALE > paper and an Annotated Bibliography DONE !! Lets hope this week is a bit better for me , please god be better !! 
feels so drained today . Anyways finishing up homework ... 
had quite the night of unnecessary belittling . As for now , it’s time to crash .. 
thinks her body is going into shut down mode .... this isn't the best time to be feeling this way ! 
\I think we should just be bros\ " hahahahahaha i guess not ?? " 
<3 s talking to her family on skype .... I really miss them especially < PROPFEMALE > Kincaid !! <3 you boo < PROPFEMALE > !! 
is all nighter . DO WORK ! 
isn't sure if she made a bad choice ? 
it's 4 freaking AM and my butt is still up doing this damn paper and i'm still not anywhere near done .... ohh man i hope these 2 weeks go really fast for me !! 
isn't feeling so fantastic today .... 13 days and I'll forever be done with VWC !! 
had quite the friday ..... durning the day may of not went so well but i had a lot of fun tonght :-) 
has a night of a lot of homework :-( how tragic ! 
bite your tongue ...... let it go ...... just walk away .... NOW !! ( 4 days and I'll be done also I'll get to see the BEEF EFF EFF ) 
<3 s that < PROPMALE > Moore likes her music :-) ohh yess it's ment to be people !! 
has learn to not do that anymore , i feel really sick now but i'm still going to make the best out of my last even/ early morning with the BF : ) 
been ready 2 go home 2 family and Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajer since 2 AM . LATER VWC HIGH , thanks for your drama you brought 2 my life ! anyways 2 more days N the boyfriend comes down 2 C me ! damn it , I mean up haha shut up < PROPMALE > Moore haha miss you already < PROPFEMALE > Powell no matter where we r , you'll always be my big i never had :) thanks for being there when others walked out <3 you ! 
is cleaning the WHOLE HOUSE today and maybe tonight seeing ranna ?? yaaay i can't wait for tomorrow when the BF comes to see me <3 
had a really fun day with her boyfriend < PROPMALE > Moore !! I already miss you dork hahaha <3 well now it's time to start my summer with work and doing a summer math class ... ohh joyyy !! 
\and I am just waiting for the pieces to fall into place .. \ " Boy where have I heard that before ;-) ( can't wait 4 days ) " 
can't sleep and the boy isn't on skype .. < PROPFEMALE > , why not play with photos and make a video of this past year at WVC :) I think thats a great idea , well at least till I crash .. 
LAX BRAH <3 it !! 
gets to spend 8 extra hours with < PROPMALE > Moore :-) yaay i'm soooo happy !! 
has work in 6 hours and cant get to sleep because of her damn sis not shuting up in her own sleep .. I'm glad one of us are getting a good night of sleep but i'm about to smother her with a freaking pillow .... jk i would never do that but i do wish she would shut up . 
spending time with Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajer !! :-) <3 
hit and runs are so much FUNNNN ... not !! PO PO thank you for being no help to me :-( 
outchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh , outchhhhhhhh tummy , you really hurt and what your doing to me it really hurts :-( meds are seeming to not work today/night ... FAIL !!! 
had fun this weekend with < PROPMALE > Moore :-) In less than 24 hours I'll get to see NEMO with < PROPFIRST > Shrum at the aquarium ...... LETSSSS GOOOOOOO , I'M PUMPED !!! 
is off to the 930 club for my lil mans battle of the bands and later helping out at a cancer walk :-) this is going to be a good day !! 
SUMMER OF MUSIC <3 
TRUE BLOOD TONIGHT AT Ranna < PROPFEMALE > Mohajer <3 MISS her ! 
Weekend plans fell through :-( \ 
I've been told \Absence makes the heart grow fonder . \ " \ 
~ Stress is the physical and psychological effects we experience as a result of the way we react to changes in the surrounding environment ~ \ 
(( boyy do I know this feeling well , and it's only going to get worse ! )) 
things are looking up for me these days :-) wishing for the best tomorrow and later in the night it's the premier of eclipse ahh can't wait ! 
is the new Assistant MANAGER at Journeys !! still in shock over the new job but hey Hallmark was fun at times but it's time for me to leave ;-) I'll really miss the new employees who I became friends with this summer :-( 
is somewhat missing the BF but that will be fixed in 3 days :) W-tour in 5 days and starting the new job with no help by others in 6 days ahhh I think I can .... I think I can !!! 
cant wait to see < PROPMALE > Moore <3 I need this break from work ! can't wait to see you sir .. 
did not have a good day at work and now i'm not having a good night :( 
is so bored on her day off and to add on to the fun i miss the boy :-( 
spending last day with the bf b4 he leaves for school :( it was a good summer < PROPMALE > ;) 
is off to her second week of school but hey it's a week closer to seeing the < PROPMALE > Moore :) I miss you ! 
this isn't turning out to be a good night for me .. my stupid laptop keeps crashing . 
Now someone pleace tell me why the F people wear sunglasses in the freaking mall ? One , you look like a D-BAG ! Two , if you're trying to hide that your f'd up as crap , news to YOU home boy , no one gives a shit what you are . In fact , I want you to be messed up so you can spend as much money at my store AND not know what the F you're spending it on . So really now , take off ur hater-wear and show those eyes . 
It’s the beginning of the flipping semester and she is already procrastinating hard core with studding for bio also something is missing in her life right now 
feels shit right now .. 
“tonight little monsters , we’re the cool kids” Lady Gaga u really speak to me hahaaha no but really I like this quote .. 
Bio homework all day , this studying better pay off in the end grrrrr 
didn't have a good day but as soon as i get home and get on that oovoo i know you are there waiting for me with <3 . you may not be here physically but I hope you know you are always on my mind ;) ohh yeahh . Thanks so mcuh < PROPMALE > Moore for that amazing early birthday gift ... I can't wait to see you :-) I have a feeling this will be the best birthday I've had thanks to you ! 
I <3 Thunderstorms ! It's good sleeping weather even though , I NEED TO GET CRAP DONE ! 
is done with bio for the day , now on my way to VA beach for my birthday weekend !! 
They say its my birthday , do do do , HAPPY BIRTHDAY To me hahahaha :) 
Hey so what is your major ? \ 
mass communication ... why do you ask ? \ 
wait your in mass com , but you never talk to people < PROPMALE > Moore .. \ 
IRONIC , I THINK SOOO HAHAHA 
is thinking about having dreads ... what do you think ? 
HAPPY 6 MONTHS ! WHO KNEW ? HAHA <3 YOU SIR < PROPMALE > Moore :-) wish I was there but bio is taking over my life , so we will just have to give it 2 more days .. 
At VWC for nicks Homecoming .. it's going to be a good weekend <3 
what a day .... bug got his ears pierced and saw the facebook movie , I feel really bad for being on facebook now and I tried going on a facebook strike but my addiction got the best of me within seconds of getting home .... FAIL ! 
really hopes she passes this damn bio exam next week .... 2 tutors+ 3 chapter outlines + a study guide = no sleep , no social life , panic attcks and most of all one pissed off chick :( I hope it all pays ! 
found her halloween costumes ....... REPTARRRRRRR !!! 
overnight with my lil man < PROPFEMALE > Kincaid in the hospital :-( what a day this has been ! 
nose is burning and is feeling < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . I slept till 4 , what is going on with me ? 
THANK YOU YOUTUBE FOR HELPING ME STUDY FOR BIO .. anything that you put in a song will stick in my brain :) I really which this didn't take a week to find GD !! 
3 days till bio exam is over and i can breath a lil \ 
11 days till i see my bug\ 
I NEED THESE TWO WEEKS TO GO ASAP !! 
is studying bio , going to bed early , waking up early for GMU with < PROPFIRST > Szabo :) good times !! haha 
feels stressed and depressed .. I really need to drop this feeling ASAP :-( 
is going to have a weekend to herself .. 
all that studying for bio and what happens in the end ? Thats right i get an F !! freaking aweosme right ? so now that I have faild 3 tests , I have to drop the class :-( so over not a good day and i'm feeling pretty bumped about all this cuz its messing up my financial aid .. 
is at the BFs this weekeend .. back home monday night :) 
thinks you'll be ok , I'll be alright and together we will make it through :-) <3 
betssss my bro is SMARTER than your bro ! I <3 him so and let me add my lil man did < PROPFEMALE > AMAZINGG on his report card today !! well done Booo < PROPFEMALE > well done !! 
<3 house !! such a great show and someday I'll be that arrogant bitch of a doctor , you all just wait people !! 
EVERYONE needs someone to talk to even THERAPIST . Not having such a good night :-( chat fest with the twin bro in the AM and I deff can't wait to see my AMAZING bug next week !! 
I'm having a really off day :-( 
Boyfiends milkshake brings all the BOYS to the yard ... no joke its really true :) loveeeeeeee u nickkkkk !!! 
spending THANKSGIVING with Bug and his family 
such a great weekend with my BUG .. I Miss he didn't have to leave me :-( 
investigation time LETTTTTSSSS GOOOOOO !!! 
feels like such a loser for watching The Guild on youtube for the past 3-4 hours umm yeah .... what am I doing with my life ? 
ohhh come on everyone is playing the damn snake game and they are getting really high scores while i ger 20 booo 
is so freaking sleepy .. work 2-7 :-( 
can't stop playing QWOP ... ahh my hand hurts :-( 
nope no new profile for me . nope nope I will not do it haha 
work 10-5 , mean women at work calling me names , playing freaking taxi to the family , school from 7-10 , driving to school i hit a bird , still late for class , also got yelled at by the teacher when asking questons in class and having mean looks from my class , parking ticket on my car , find my dad watching tv on my bed <----- this day hasn't been the best I've had , thank you for letting me vent . 
UR oovoo self is getting jealous over UR facebook self haha silly boy 
what has happen to my college years ? It's come and gone in a blink of an ( O-O ) EYE\ 
- 
is missing her dude :-) anywhooo working , studying and bedtime .. 
just had an ephiphany . I enjoyed the movie Black Swan because it dealt with a ballerina struggling with skitzophrenia . CRAZZY STUFF , I MUST SAY ?! 
Someone told me you had oceans in your eyes , Cold as shadows over European skies , Coasting out the shallow day , Leaving London in decay , To islands on the sea , lands I've never seen , things will get calmer follow me . <3 this song 
is wishing everyone a safe and healthy holiday ! ( To bad I'm the one who is sick .... fail ) I can't wait to spend time with the siblings all day tomorrow , yay sibling game day 2010 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! Everyone is getting snow but me , what gives ? 
feels there isn't that much time in a day to get everything done ..... school , work and somehow trying to fit in sleep . I sure hope I don't end up making myself sick this semester :( on a happy side the bf will be here in a few hours ! LETSSS GOOOO 
I used to be a cat ??? is the show I should be on ... Nick Moore what a loser 
need to start studying bio :) miss you already bug 
has a < PROPFEMALE > crush on < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ;) ohh yeahhh 
\WELL BALLS TO YOU ! \"" 
last bridol plasty ever omg I'm freaking outt 
it only takes one person to make an impact on the world , I want to be that one person . we all are here for a reason . NOW TELL ME , WHAT'S YOURS ? 
just wait it out it'll be ok in a few hours ... 
Its bugs 21 birthday !! 
it's a sad day what my 13 year old bro has a better GPA then me :( 
<3 My Life As < PROPFEMALE > 
what the heck , I did not sign up for this verbal abuse . I need to leave < PROPFEMALE > aka the school ASAP :( 
<3 <3 <3 bla bla bla 
took my first bio test this sem and now i'm studying for the next one in a month ..... I hope I passed this last one ?? 
yup another semester of killing myself over bio 
why don't I live near a sonic :( I want a footlong chili dog 
woow I thought I went to school with that < PROPFEMALE > girl from the new Real World .... I ' m glad I'm not losing my mind when I thought she looked familiar . Hummm crazy DELRAN people 
I HATE STUDYING BIO IT'S TAKING OVER MY LIFE :( 
yaaay I can't wait to meeting my bio tutor !! I really want at least a B in this damn class . 
\I really miss you too . I just started missing you more cause we just watched this cartoon about a < PROPFEMALE > dying and being with his loved one . \ " I <3 how funny/cute < PROPMALE > Moore is at times :) can't wait to see him in a week :) " 
on spring break but yet I'm still doing homework .... yuck bio :( 
sooo on my SPRING BREAK I have SNOW coming down from the gods ! GOT TO LOVE ME SOME GLOBAL WARMING :) 
all work no play ... unless it's this weekend when < PROPMALE > comes up :) yaaay 
everyone that has coming into hallmark tonight is PMSing to the 10th power : ( come on people be happy ... ur life isnt that bad ! 
bio studying , nap time , studying more bio and who knows what I'll be doing the rest of the weekend ?? < PROPFEMALE > happy < PROPMALE > Moore is here this week :) 
a day without shoes sounds like an awesome day to me :) 
