we are officially in the next decade , may it be a good one 

is searching for roommates . 
is hoya saxa ! roommate search continues ... 
is central to nowhere , thinking of sweeping it clean ... 
who is < PROPFIRST > galt ? 
is done with the roommate fiasco . 
gets to skip 7 classes ! thank you college board . 
doesn't know who he is anymore 
United States of Eurasia 
it's so bloody hot ! 
is rooming in a upperclass student dorm , great ... 
Village C East 869 
hasn't ate today 
do i really have to read the secret scripture ? 
as a man on the cross i have no fear 
is trying to learn french 
united states of eurasia 
gott sandte 
did I dream you dreamed about me ? 
wants to touch the other side 
being productive is overrated 
you make me sick because I adore you so 
is still wondering what classes he's taking 
is writing the worst essay of his life 
can be lazy until he leaves for gtown 
needs to start packing 
needs to go get his diploma 
it's so blooooddy hot ! 
is leaving for the airport in a few and will be there in a few , perhaps 9 or 10 pm est , haha 
only at Georgetown do you get to see < PROPFEMALE > Bair - Chairman of FDIC , < PROPFIRST > Schapiro - Chairman of SEC and < PROPFIRST > Summers - Director of the National Economic Council all in one day ! 
wishes he had long hair once again 
wtf , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is at georgetown ? 
college is so much bloody work ! 
how long will i slide ... 
seven minutes disappered as one took as long as ten 
best day to do laundry at georgetown :) 
wake me up when november ends 
5 Days to LA 
wait ... 12 inches of snow tomorrow ? 
scratch that ... 22 inches ... 
will be back in LA in less than a day 
a dustland fairytale 
last night in LA 
a rune told me of many secrets 
is waiting for a break 
when you start thinking about thinking about thinking about thinking - insomnia is eminent 
blasted paper , no motivation , watching watchmen 
thanks for the birthday wishes 
off to new york 
I am as puzzled as the newborn child , I am as troubled as the tide , Should I stand amid the breakers ? Or should I lie with death , my bride ? 
back in LA 
painting , gardening and eating burritos ... this is california 
I am the key to the lock in your house 
a few more weeks ....... GEORGETOWN !!!! 
in the district of columbia 
is stuck between a dream and reality , nothing seems real , nothing feels the same way it use to 
let the reactionary period begin 
Prometheus 
“Ideas shape the course of history . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Keynes 
:( 
:) 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Lippiatt ! :D 
1 down , 4 more to go 
Had to see the Senate in session before leaving DC 
Back in LA , holmes 
I know I'd go from rags to riches , If you would only say you care ... 
does anyone need housing ? 
london and toronto exchanges merging ? 
was expecting more from radiohead's album 
NYC , interesting gloomy city 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes 
everyone believes in work life balance except investment bankers 
apparently LA is the second most stressful place to live , right after sin city 
apple was recently labelled as the least green technology company 
needs some california 
can't wait to finish school , so that I can actually learn something 
for those who don't recognize me when I say hello , I recently shaved my head 
they are shutting down my high school , it was that bad ... 
