so excited !!! No more school and uniforms ! 

so excited for the trip !!!!! 
This Saturday is GILAD SHALIT'S 24th birthday , his 5th in captivity , and we pray his last . Thursday is the 1524th day since his capture while he has lived with no basic humanitarian rights . Please , for this week , post this message as your status . Together we must mobilize , educate , act , ... and stay informed . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient onlyhas one : to get better . I \ 
know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and \ 
put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died \ 
because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
We\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
People of the jewish community of Memphis :\ 
Please come to the < PROPFEMALE > Margolin School for Girls play on Monday , November 22 , 2010 in the gym of the elementatu school building at 7:00 pm ! The play is \Much Ado About Nothing\ " . It's very funny aand cute and everyone should come ! " 
Everyone come to the GMSG play : Much Ado About Nothing in the gym of the elementary school building at 7:00 pm on monday , thee 22nd of november . Admission is $6 
5 down 2 to go . study session 2nite . . . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me happy bday ! Made my day extra good ! :) 
Surprise at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fleischhacker's house !! Was i surprised ? Yes !!! didn't know so many people could fit under the table ! Thanks to everyone who came ! Special thank you to < PROPFEMALE > and her family for letting us use their house ! Thanks to everyone for making this such an amazing bday ! : ) <3 u all ! 
new Maccabeats song for Purim ! Here it is if anyone didn't see it yet ! it should be a link but if it's not just search it on youtube ! enjoy ! \ 
The Maccabeats - Purim Song 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
COLOR WAR 2011 !!!!!!! GO GREEN/GEULAH !!!!!!!!!!! 
didn't really like the breakout so much though . Sure it was funny after and everything , but i was SCARED . Rabbi Perl can be pretty scary , no ? 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Place as your status if you're against bullying . 
BREAKING NEWS : Family in Laredo , Texas massacred in their sleep , bomb hits bus #74 outside D.C. convention center injuring dozens and killing at least one ; over 50 rockets and missiles continue falling in Fairfax , < PROPFEMALE > . Do I have your attention ? Is this completely insane and far fetched ? Then why is it allowed to be commonplace in < PROPMALE > ? if you agree , post as your status 
When is Yom Ha'atzmaut ? 
Oy . This is bad . I have to work on my Navi project that's due by the last day of Chol HaMoed but I have no motivation and it seems too big of a project ! Help ! 
who is < PROPFEMALE > garkavi ? 
Happy May Day ! 
It's Yom HaShoah , the day we commemorate the 6 million Holocaust . Jews with names , families , and stories that were mercilessly cut short . But after all these years , the Nazis still did not fulfill their goal : we are still here , standing strong . Remember the horrors of the Holocaust . WE MUST NEVER FORGET . Please , take 6 seconds and make this your status , to honor the 6 million . 
siren just stopped ! yay ! Sometimes it takes a while to realize that it's stopped 
kind of mad that i couldn't go to the Yom HaShoah thing at the JCC today- but i'll get over it . 
Isn't it kind of ironic that on Holocaust Remembrance day , a day when we commemorate all the victims of blatant terrorism , Osama bin Laden , a worldwide figure of terrorism , is reported dead ? 
Can't wait to go on the Anshei retreat this upcoming weekend ! 
Can't wait for Yom Ha'atzma'ut on Tuesday ! 
going on the ASBEE retreat tomorrow ! Can't wait ! 
back from the retreat :( I didn't want to come back to the real world . 
missing < PROPFIRST > Landing ! Can't wait for the next retreat ! 
been working on chumash all day ! fun , fun , fun ! 
navi review in exactly 42 minutes and 59 seconds 
SCHOOL'S OVER !!!!!!!! 
I'M A SOPHOMORE !!! Creepy thought . . . . I'm graduating high school in 3 years 
I got the play pictures collage ! Play people check ur emails ! se if u got urs ! 
Have a good Shabbos everyone ! 
