is enjoying life 

Is house sitting . 
is going to the beach . :) 
Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don’t speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you’re finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with 
is doing good 
is confused . Today is a bad day . 
is excited about tonight !! 
is tired 
Is excited about tomarrow 
Is glad he is out of high school and doesn't have too wake up early 
excited about college 
is home sick 
doing good at the college thing . Surprising right ? 
Finally got a new phone . ( my old one stopped working a month ago ) 
YO , I was in a car acciedent on wednesday , but I'm fine ( so far ) now worries yall 
thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
I don't think I've ever been more ready for a new year in all my life 
working on Sunday again :/ I'm getting sick of this .... 
hhmmmm :/ 
Couldn't we use , say , the decimal number system , with which we are already more familiar ? 
I got into Chem 1A !!! 
Uhhh .... I'm sick . The flue sucks ! 
I'm no longer Sick !!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand , that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
Is falling into the college routin , now if i could just get a job . 
So , I realy miss my girl friend right now ....... 
is bored ........ 
Is working on scholorships ..... nuf said 
Is very excited to get back up to Truckee to see friends and family , especially < PROPFIRST > ! 
Is happy to be up in Truckee ! 
Misses his girlfriend , a LOT !!! 
see rain falling outside ... 
Hates making stupid mistakes ... 
Is going for a bike Ride !! First clearish day since I moved ! 
Hey , If you can could you post a verse under this ? 
Psalm 55:22 - Cast your burden upon the Lord and He will sustain you ; He will never allow the righteous to be shaken . 
Psalm 100:1 -3 shout joyfully to the Lord , all the earth . Serve the Lord with Gladness ; Come before Him with joyful singing . Know that the Lord Himself is God ; It is He who has made us , and not ourselves ; We are His people and the sheep of His pasture . 
Today is iterresting , to say the least ... 
God is great !, Church is awsome too ! 
Is confused , again ... I really don't like this life , why can't God come faster ? 
Is no longer confused !! Thanks God !!!! 
Wow , I just had someone stop being my friends because of God ! Well , lets see how many more go that way ... 
Other than take a nice big gulp of turned milk , today looks to be a good day ! 
Another day goes by ... 
To this day it amazes me that poeple can be so blinded to God . 
Is excited to go back up to Truckee ! Birthday parties are fun too ... 
I wonder , is there snow in Truckee ? 
Today is a good day , thanks God ! 
Is going up to Truckee for Spring Break . :) 
I am making Pizza ! 
It's nice to be home , Truckee's more relaxed that the city ... 
It's snowing :( 
It's still snowing ? 
Turkey !!! 
Going back to Auburn , wish me luck ! PS Prayers are great too :) 
This is really starting to bug me , you all know how facebook give friend suggetsions , well most of the friend suggestions I've been getting have mutaul friend in both Truckee and Auburn , how does this happen ?? 
Yester day was wierd ... 
had a great day at church ! :) 
“Have you not known ? Have you not heard ? The everlasting God , the LORD , The Creator of the ends of the earth , Neither faints nor is weary . His understanding is unsearchable . He gives power to the weak , And to those who have no might He increases strength . Even the youths shall faint and be weary , And the young men shall utterly fall , 
just got back from a great bicycle ride ! 
Is totally stoked for Ultimate Frizbee :) 
Had a blast with the guys , but I must admit , I hurt . Plus I think I'm a little sunburned ... 
Love hanging out with Church familly :) 
Hey all , I could use some prayer right now . i got some good things and bad things , but as always I need God's strenght to get me through . Thanks 
< PROPFIRST > Rogers's in my base killing my doods 
Long day , but tomarrow looks good :) 
I just got from my ASVAB Test , I score a 98 !!! Praise God ! 
Just got back from a great bike ride :) 
It's wierd moving ... 
Last day of school , this makes me happy :) 
Is home in Truckee ... 
Day Two of job Training tommarow , then off to see the new < PROPFIRST > Hood ( for the second time ) :) 
I am now a full time employee at Safeway , well that's not to shaby I think from part time to full time in one day of job training , Thanks God :) 
The creature in the wall just stoled my brothers necklece and pulled in under the wall . No joke , its kind of funny :) 
anyone ever notice how life just kind of sucks sometimes ? 
hi im < PROPMALE > and i leave my facebook open at church to be HACKED muahahaha\ 
\ 
poop 
Have an awsome Nation Man Day !! 
\Yes 
I love you , Lord ; you are my strength . The Lord is my rock , my fortress , and my savior ; my God is my rock , in whom I find protection . He is my shield , the power that saves me , and my place of safety . I called on the Lord , who is worthy of praise , and he saved me from my enemies . ( Psalm 18:1 -3 ) 
Ephesians\ 
4:31 -32 Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and slander \ 
be put away from you , along with all malice . And be kind to one another , \ 
tender-hearted , forgiving each other , just as God in Christ also has \ 
forgiven you . 
' Now\ 
all < PROPFEMALE > to God , who is able , through his mighty power at work within \ 
us , to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think . ' Ephesians\ 
3:20 
John\ 
15:4 -5 \Abide in Me 
You know , you think I would learn to close my computer when I leave for more than 2 hours , but its just SO hard to learn how to do that . I like men .... A LOT . I also have a gay car . 
\You\ 
Hey all , My Grandpa just had a heart attack last night and is in sugery right now . My gradma is deppendant on him after her strokes and I would like to ask all my brothers and sisters in Christ for prayer . That side of the familly is also not saved , so if you could also pray that my parrents who are there will be a light of love in this crises that would be great also . God is still Good , and thank you all . 
Had a blast at Sun and Splash !! Love hanging out with my church familly :) 
Last Wensday :( this makes me sad ... 
College is crazier than I remembered ... 
.... 
Thank you God for Strangers :) 
Is a Navy Nuke !!!! Thank you God !! and Heck yes !! 
I waited patiently for the Lord ; And He inclined to me and heard my cry . He brought me up out ofthe miry < PROPMALE > , and He set my feet upon a rock making my footsteps firm . He put a new song in my mouth , a song of praise to our God ; Many will see and fear and trust in the Lord . ( Psalm 40 , verses 1-3 NASB ) 
I'd like to take a moment to remember those killed on 9/11 , to thank God that it hasn't been repeated , and to say a prayer for those who lost their loved ones . May our nation turn back to our loving God so that His protection will once again cover us . 
running before school , such sweet pain :) 
This will be fun , Zeke's down for the weekend :) 
bro went home , I'm sick ... I'm waiting for the rain , but it just doesn't come ... 
\ ... being\ 
Jesus I love you ... God I trust you , father , dad , savoir , I need you to hold me . We all do right now ... God you are love and I pray hope with all my heart that Austien is with you now . For us left behind , don't ever leave us ... 
Don't ask , I'm not going to tell you . Just pray for me , please ... I need it right now . 
\At\ 
to bad only old people die of heart attacks , all they seem to do to us younger people is hurt like hell ... 
I need a new profile pic :/ 
It isn't wrong to want to protect people , is it ? 
I could use a speed up in time right about now ... 
what am I to you ? if you want send it as a message . 0% i dislike you , 10% you're a stranger , 20% we've never really \ 
talked , 30% chilled a few times , 40% friend , 50% buddieees , 60% close \ 
friends , 70% you're like a brother or sister to me , 80% best friend , \ 
90% i love you , 100% i don't know what i'd do without you 
I'm stoked , Grandpa said we'll get to start training soon . He may not be\ 
a ninja master , but you don't mess with a career Army < PROPMALE > Officer . \ 
Throwing knifes , rifle range , bull whip here I come 
Feels good to be rocking out to some good Christain rock while cooking . good day 
off to < PROPFEMALE > out with my Couzins ! This will be fun :) \ 
ps spell check isn't working right ... 
So I'm doing laundry and I realized I'm eating . I don't remember getting food or starting to eat ... Then I started thinking ( a dangerous activity ) about it , and realized , crap , I'm going to die if my metabolism ever slows down ! I mean I eat when I'm bored , i eat when I'm sad or happy , I eat when I'm tierd , and I reward myself with food . When I have money the first thing I buy is food . 
Will I ever make it home before midnight ? with my friends , fat < PROPMALE > . 
I really hope it rains :) 
I finally get my Financial aid !!! I can get food ! 
love bible studies , so worth it :) 
Oh my gosh ! I just started watching what may be the best sieres I've ever seen on tv ! If you can watch ' Kings ' . you can see it on Hulu or something , its amazing !!! 
lol , still not used to millitary time . Got on fb and thought wow , there's a lot of people on at midnight , then I remembered 22:00 is 10:00 .... 
hhhmmmm .... so anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
today was imperesivly boring .... 
Is it just me or is time slowing down ? 
Had an amazing time as always fellowshiping with my church familly at youthgroup ! I love you all and you guys are amazing ! I thank God every day that he put all yal in my life :] 
Hey guys ! If any body has a Lab coat or other evil scientist apperal , please let me know ! 
got my computer back :) 
uh , I hate sand castles ... 
Well that took forever . I edited my friends list , started a 9 , ending now , with 243 friends less . I wonder if any notice ? 
is stoke for the Murder Mystery tonight !! 
Is back in Auburn ... 
It's raining , the country's playing and i'm cooking . Feels like everthing should be well ... 
asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd\ 
So I had way to much fun today ! and yal all is all jeasouls :P 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using\ 
only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , \ 
you gotta copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on \ 
yours ! Fair is fair ... Play along 
Is eating some really good chease cake , hate to break it to ya mom , but this one matches yours . I feel extremely blessed :) 
Well I just have to say it , < PROPFIRST > Swift Rocks !! 
So I've come to a conclusion , as far as music goes , I'm falling in love with insturmental paino , go figure 
Hey all , this is a call out !! I need all my awesome brothers and sister in our Lord and Savior Christ Jesus to be in PRAYER for a friend of mine ! Here's what I need ya to do , first pray that this person gets the healing they need bu being drawn into God's healing presance , and second , to show your support like this status ! Now go pray !! 
Hey all , still I need all my \ 
awesome brothers and sister in our Lord and Savior Christ Jesus to be in\ 
PRAYER for a friend of mine ! Here's what I need ya to do , first pray \ 
that this person gets the healing they need by being drawn into God's \ 
healing presance , and second , to show your support like this status ! I'll keeping post this as my status till their healed 
Me again , \ 
still I need all my awesome brothers and sister in our Lord and \ 
Savior Christ Jesus to be in PRAYER for a friend of mine ! Here's \ 
what I need ya to do , first pray that this person gets the healing \ 
they need by being drawn into God's healing presance ! I'll keep \ 
posting this as my status till my friend is healed :) thanks yal ! 
back , as before still I \ 
need all my awesome brothers and sister in our Lord and Savior \ 
Christ Jesus to be praying for a friend of mine ! Here's what I \ 
need ya to do , first pray that this person gets the healing they \ 
need by being drawn into God's healing presance ! I'll keep posting \ 
this as my status till my friend is healed your awesome because God loves ya ! 
I love my family and friends , and Jesus most of all . Today was a good day . 
I'm am blessed ! more than I can tell or ever deserve :) 
Please post this as your status if you know \ 
someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . \ 
Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they \ 
can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because \ 
they have already been eaten by ... dragons .... 6% of ... people\ 
are sitting in the ... shower armed with fire extinguishers & the \ 
remaining 1% are awesome . 
Why do I think so much ? Some times I wish I didn't worry about other people so much , why can't I just be happy that my life is finally going well ? Do I have to help everybody ? It wouldn't be that bad if they could learn to take help instead of all ways trying to do it on thier own . I must be dumbest smart person alive , either that or the dumbest dumy ... 
Well that was a birthday I'll never forget , lots of good things , but the best is always at the end . Jesus gives the best birthday gifts , enough said :) 
hey all ! what ' up ? long time no see :) 
today was long , too long ... 
Thank you Jesus :) 
prayers please :( 
A day off , I don't remember what to do with these ... oh , train for the Navy 
I had a coworker describe me as \quiet and peaceful\ " last night . I think I like that ... " 
Dreams are often lost after waking up . They are to profoundly strange and impossible for our waking minds to handle . There is an incompatibility of a conscious brain and unconscious thoughts , the otherworldly situations encountered in dreams are denied upon waking . 
hhmmm .... still here .... 
What could be worse than a wicked man evil intentions ? A fool with good intentions . 
don't mind me , I talk to much 
I saw the family , talked with the family , the family left . All before 8:30 , I guess early rising just runs in the family 
It's amazing how hard it can be to enjoy a good book , song or show when it reminds you of all the crap your trying to forget :/ 
Got to love old guys :) 
I need more hours in the day .... 
been at work for 40 < PROPFEMALE > now ... 
I don't know why , but I'm in a country mood 
Had to stop and look at the stars on the way home from truckee :) 
\I feel like I learned something .... \ 
I get to sleep tonight :) 
a day off ? now what to do with it .... 
You tend to hurt the people you love , everyone else just is worth the effort ... 
I guess I over did excise yesterday .... It appears I tor my forearm and both pecks , I could even pick up the milk this morning . It was sad ... 
it's going to be a long night , first 8 hours of work done , onto the next . It will be nice to get off work at 7am tomorrow 
Oh , how I look towards the first lights of early morning that prove the passing of this long night 
hhmmm ... I have posted anything in forever , so ... Hi ! 
I'll have worked 48 hours since Sunday , by the time I get off work tomorrow , with more work ahead . I think there's something wrong with me ... 
