just made oatmeal and failed horrendously . Ended up with the kind of stuff < PROPMALE > Twist would ask for more of . 

no matter how long i have a black cat , it will always give me the heebie jeebies when i look into utter darkness and then see two yellow eyes staring at me . 
according to my fortune cookie , I will live a long life and will eat many fortune cookies . 
with fronds like these , well who needs anemones ? :-) 
Therefore do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . < PROPFIRST > 6:34 
my facebook language is now set on pirate language :-) by \updating my status\ " I am now \ " blabberin t ' < PROPFEMALE > mates \"" 
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody ! you guys are all awesome :) 
\I can tell that we are gonna be friends \"" 
Owl City !! And Deas Vail !! And Lights !! All in one night !! With Ayla Hood !! I'm excited !! Can you tell :-) 
concert was fun ! and packed . but totally worth it ! 
good movie tonight- To Save a Life . Had fun ! 
I was daydreaming and I caught myself thinking about those nifty contraptions that peel and core an apple simultaneously and how they work . I'm really not sure why my thoughts ended up there . 
finds it funny how the hope of a snow day takes away any and all motivation to do homework . 
was feeling restless , so what does she do ? Builds a blanket fort of course ! 
Life is just so ... so daily . 
ugh I should NOT have clicked that link ... I put that on my list of things I can't unsee . 
finds it disappointing how the cards don't dance when I win solitaire on my ipod . 
just found two 4 leaf clovers ! I've now found 3 in less than a week :-) 
ha there's nothing quite like going to school and immediately being told to go back home because the power's out ! This is a good day . 
has anyone heard about a dress down day tomorrow ? I got an email saying you can dress down for two dollars but i never heard anything about it this week . 
It's concert time :-) !!! 
Got hit by a band member's water bottle ! And almost got hey monday's drum stick ! I touched it but someone else got it . 
is excited for homecoming tomorrow :-) 
My dishwasher sounds like it's crying . But I can't say I blame it ; if my sole purpose in life were to wash dishes , I'd probably cry too . 
Relient K , Deas Vail , and < PROPMALE > ( 3 of my favorite bands ) are coming to Ohio for a Christmas concert , but of course , it's in Akron . It's too far , so I can't go . Oh well , C'est la vie . 
Sometimes I wish time would stop for a week just so I could catch up on everything that I want to finish . Maybe I could start by not wasting time on facebook . 
Thanks again for the birthday wishes everybody ! I had a great day :-) 
You know it's bad when your teacher says she hopes you get some sleep tonight . 
