i got teepeed last night by my stupid friends !!!!! 

i hate my school . i hate all these new rules . today sucked and its going to be one long year =( 
im hoping school gets better ......... 
yay !!! its the weekend . no more school for two days . i don't want to go back on monday . i hate my history teacher . he makes fun of people including me =( 
ugh . dont wanna go to school tomorrow . history ruins my day . it just ruins it 
i feel that i should write something ................... but i dont know what to say 
im been sick since tuesday . idk what it is but it needs to go away =( 
im better !!! not sick anymore !!! yay !!!! =) 
im kinda confused . idk what to do =( 
still kinda confused and frustrated .... grrrr .. some people .......... 
grrr ............... people should stay in their own buisness and out of everyone elses !!! 
i need more time to do everything i need to do . =( . teh day should be longer 
now im not even sure how i feel . so mant emotions at once ... 
did you know that a peach was the first fruit to be eaten on the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
i kinda wanted to be in OKC for christmas this year ...... i heard it was snowing and i wanted to stay and see it . Now im glad that im all warm in 60 degree weather while everyone else is snowed in =) =) 
excited to go to new years party tomorrow at ryans house 
what a way to ring in the new year !! :) i had a blast last night ! 
........... needs some cheering up ........... too bad she cant be cheered up ...... 
................ sigh .............. 
From < PROPFIRST > With Love is a freakin awesome movie !!! If you get a < PROPMALE > , definatley go see it !! 
so excited for six oclock !!! 
theres no way im gettin any sleep tonight !!!!! 
my head hurts ... 
............... work ................. > P 
The next time i see that boy , he is going to die . i am not even kidding . ill kill him myslef 
not feeling good . 
!!!!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!! =) =) =D 
................... 
\i dont care what people say . the rush is worth the price i pay . i get so high when you're with me but crash and crave you when you leave \"" 
........ i wonder why i keep trying ... it never gets me anywhere .... 
tired ... but i dont want to sleep 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? i could a use wish right now , wish right now , wish right now 
we made it ! we're seniors now guys ! congrats to the class of ' 11 :) 
have no idea what im going to do with my summer break ...... 
what a day !!!! unbelievable ! good and bad things happened today so im not exactly sure if today was good or bad .... stilll ... unbelievable !!! 
......... i hate my job ..... 
.... i hate my job ...... it made me cry ..... no job should make u cry ... 
sititng in the car on my way to Branson . im so bored ! 
going to see Eclipse tonight with some buddies ! yay ! 
very busy day today but its was fun 
i got an iPod touch for my bday !! yay !! 
i have to work on my birthday . what a lousy bday today will be .... 
today totally rocked . thanks pizza hut crew !!! 
why can one never escape problems ? when one is solved , another arises . why cant a person be problem free ? just for one day !! thats all i ask for !! one day !! 
i am so confused !!! so much drama and frustration and ahh !! 
barely breating ...... barely holding on .... the bottom is not so far down ..... but it will still hurt to fall ..... i need someone to tell me its okay and will catch me if i fall 
you ever love someone so much u can barely breathe when your with them ? 
work is gonna suck . i hate working the weekends 
ive decided that im doomed to be single forever ...... i always let myself think things that arent there and let myself feel things that im not even sure exist and then i always hurt after 
wow . work totally SUCKED today . we had to tell people we were closed at like 6:30 cuz we were out of EVERYTHING !! it was bad !!! 
work was easy today .... got to close again .... gotta go back tommorrow 
is so tired !! i feel like i didnt sleep at all last night !! 
why does this always happen ? i cant do this anymore . im tired of crap ! 
Im a space bound rocketship and your hearts the moon .... and im aimin right at you ... right at you . 250,000 < PROPMALE > on a clear night in June ..... and im aimin right at you .... right at you ..... right at you 
now u get to watch her leave out the window . guess thats why they call it window pane 
wishin something would happen that would make me a very very happy person :) 
dont work tomorrow ! yay ! 
is sooooo bored !!! 
missin him !! 
bored bored bored !!! 
work sucked , but other than that , day was great :) 
closing at work with someone i strongly dislike ....... oh joy 
So why in the world do i feel so alone ? Nobody but me . im on my own . Is there anyone out there who feels the way i feel ? If there is then let me in so i know im not the only one 
I <3 someone :) 
\Is anybody out there ? it feels like im talkin to myself . no one seems to know my struggle and everything ive done for love . can anybody hear me ? i guess ill keep talkin to myself . it feels like im goin insane . am i the one whos crazy ? \ " ~ Eminem " 
stuck in < PROPMALE > for the weekend . parents dont trust me enough to let me stay home by myself . bored . hit me up ! 
baby please come back . it wasnt you . baby it was me . maybe our relationship isnt as crazy as it seems . maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . all i know is i love you too much to walk away <3 
I aint heard u yet , not even once say u appreciate me . i deserve respect . ive done my best to give u nothin less than perfectness . and i know that if i end this , ill no longer have nothin left . but u keep treatin me like a staircase . its time to **** in step . and i wont be comin back so dont hold your **** in breath . you know what you did 
im still amazed at the fact that u havent come crawling back to me yet , trying to apologize and take everything back . but by the time u finally man up and apologize , ill be long gone . so i hope ur happy with urself . u just threw any < PROPMALE > we had of ever being friends again 
u better hurry up and apologize to me . u took it the wrong way and now u refuse to believe its ur fault . u need to grow up and stop being so selfish and stubborn . whenever u finally realize that , ill be gone . so man up before someone else has the courage to do what u didnt 
its tiring being mad at u forever . so im done being mad at u . i still dont like what u did but i cant change it . its in the past . so im moving on , moving forward . getting on with my life . i hope maybe you're thru being mad at me and we can at least get back to talking to each other without the insults . i miss u 
please talk to me . i want things to be back to how they were . im tired of fighting . im tired of insults . im sorry for everything . just please talk to me 
\why do I act like I'm all high and mighty ? \ 
hey guys ! i need help ! text or call and give me some advice plz ! :) :) 
dude .... school starts a week from today . get ready class of 2011 
i hate my job ...... and im done trying . i tried to give him a second < PROPMALE > . i cant take all his drama anymore . so hope u have a nice life 
all the pain , hurt , and drama ive been through really is all because of me ..... 
\i can be your hero baby . i can kiss away the pain . i will stand by you forever . you can take my breath away \"" 
two days left and then summer 2010 is over and we will be seniors !!! ooh rah !! live up these next two days ! 
1 - adult and family living\ 
2 -personal fitness\ 
3 -ap english IV\ 
4 -zoology\ 
5 - creative writing \ 
6 - anatomy\ 
7 - web design 
why is it that the people you love the most are the ones that hurt you the most ? 
im am tired of this ..... im done . 
one more day of summer .... good thing summers over . it was a rollercoaster of emotions . i wanted to get off . i felt like i threw up a couple times . hopefully senior year will be better than this summer was 
goodbye summer 2010 ..... im glad im off that stupid rollercoaster . im glad this summer will never , ever , ever happen again and i hope he gets what he deserves 
i hope u get what u deserve . its ur fault ur lonely . its ur fault ur in this mess . i really hope u get whats comin because i wont be around to see it . so bye . im leavin . have a nice life . 
He has no idea how i feel about him ..... but he ruined it so he doesnt deserve to know . the only thing he deserves is loneliness 
is struggling to fix her sleep pattern . its so messed up !! 
got Both ! my essays finished ! 
wow . allergies are bad today 
anyone know of a good place to work at ? i need a new job 
how do i live without you ? i want to know . how do i breathe without you ? if you ever go . how do i ever , ever survive ? how do i , how do i , oh how do i live ? 
i dont know how you do what you do . im so in love with you . it just keeps gettin better . i wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side , forever and ever . every little thing that you do , baby im amazed by you 
wooo !! excited for tomorrow !! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and i are gonna have a blast !! 
pizza hut employees :\ 
if one day you show up for work and find that our store is a pile of rubble , just know that i got tired of the crap , the drama , the stress , and the idiot customers and employees and i took it upon myself to relieve us all of that stupid place 
hope this time it works out better ... otherwise im giving up for good . im tired of this 
so i applied at Walgreens , Target , At The Beach . I tried Petsmart and Blockbuster and ill try < PROPFIRST > In The Box again later . Hope i get hired at one of those places . I ally do need a new job ... 
this flat out sucks 
woo :) 
my new bf is meeting my mom today ..... kinda nervous about it . anyone have tips on how to make it go smooth without problems ? :) :) 
boo . school tomorrow :( 
im gonna be sooo tired in the morning ........ oh well . not much i can do about it now 
................... blah .... ive decided ..... life is blah ... 
my job sucks 
so me and < PROPFEMALE > made 24 cupcakes tonight .. we left the room for literally two mins and my dog had countersurfed and eaten 11 cupcakes , wrappers and all . poor fat dog is gonna have tummy issues 
so i tried giving blood today for the first time . ive decided to wait like 10 years before doing it again . i started hyperventilating and almost threw up and was shaking for like an hour afterward . it was quite an experience 
Seniors : Tomorrow is our LAST EVER ! homecoming ! 
I actually ended up having fun at the black light dance . im glad i went 
this sucks ..... just .. flat out ... sucks 
why do i have to loose a part of me to get something ive always wanted ? 
feels like her head got smashed by a truck and her heart thrown put in a blender and she feels like throwing up and crying . trying to figure this out but cant do it alone and doesnt know who to ask for help 
my head feels like it got crushed underneath a 1000 pound weight\ 
and the tylenol didnt work :( 
does somebody wanna give me a tylenol ? 
feelin a little better . went and worked out with my army recruiter today ... was fun but im so out of shape ! 
Army PT tomorrow ... wondering how sore ill be afterwards 
played football with my fellow future US Army soldiers today ... it was fun and a whole lot better than training :) 
The worst thing a guy can do is .. to make a girl fall for him with no intention of catching her 
just now realized that i havent eaten all day .... 
\sometimes the very thing you're looking for is the one thing you cant see \"" 
what a crazy place this world is . man i need time to stop , just for a bit . i gotta get my head on straight . i gotta stop and think 
why does this always happen ?!?!?! im tired of this crap . its annoying and stupid and it needs to quit 
u know who u are so listen up . u need to figure out what u want and who u need . u need to quit lying and quit making excuses . i have never lied to you and never will . i made u a promise and ill stand by that promise . but you need to hold up ur end of the deal . I AM not going to do this by myself 
\do u remember how we felt sittin by the water ? u put ur arm around me for the first time . u made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter . u are the best thing thats ever been mine \"" 
havin a blast in St. < PROPFIRST > !!! 
this town sucks for shopping . if i ever come back to st. < PROPFIRST > , i will NOT buy anything ! seriously 
is back from St. Louis . has school tomorrow :( 
woot ! had a blast last night ! definatley gonna do that again :) 
\i throw my hands up in the air sometimes sayin ay-oh ! gotta let go . I wanna celebrate and live my life sayin ay-oh ! baby lets go . cuz we gon ' rock this club . we gon ' go all night . we gon ' light it up like its dynamite \"" 
wishin he was here right now so i could stare into his beautiful blue eyes and tell him how much i love him 
i havent been this happy in a long time ... :) i love my baby < PROPFIRST > 
Had allergies for five days now ...... theyre gonna be the end of me . i swear lol 
ready for wednesday already ... woot 
cant wait to see my man tomorrow ! :) 
i dont feel good today . and i gotta work a 9 hour shift today . ugh 
\the smile on your face lets me know that you need me . theres a truth in your eyes sayin you'll never leave me . the touch of your hand says you'll catch me whenever i fall . you say it best when you say nothing at all \"" 
Ready to get tomorrows army physical over and done with 
been up for almost 20 hours straight . had a really long day , but it was really fun . saw old friends , made some new ones . thought more about what i really want . im reallly tired :) 
spendin time with family in texas .... cant wait to be back so i can see my wonderful boyfriend ! :) 
\yesterday is history . tomorrow is a mystery . but today is a gift . thats why its called the present \"" 
so i saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ! best part is .. i saw it not even 3 seconds after me and my boyfriend's song ended . i love it . woo :D 
so im pretty sure im gonna throw up sometime tomorrow morning . my stomachs all full of butterflies and im < PROPFEMALE > scared . no backing out now . this is it 
Wow . What a day this was . Only thing i know for sure is ... I love you baby ! :) 
why is everyone always up in everyone elses business ? why cant people just leave each other alone ? 
not a day goes by when i dont think of you . i love you and i always will . i dont think you ever loved me . i think you cared . alot . but i dont think you ever loved me 
\what you dont understand is that id catch a grenade for ya . throw my hand on a blade for ya . jump in front of a train for ya . you know id do anything for ya . i would go through all this pain . take a bullet straight through my brain . yes i would die for ya baby . but you wont do the same \"" 
People are like a blackhole ... sucking you into their lies and false promises 
im so sorry ...... for everything . im sorry it came to this . i never meant for any of this to happen . i love you baby . im sorry 
\Rain rain go away . Thats what all my haters say \"" 
So this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you sayin I'm sorry for that night . And I go back to december all the time 
popcorn . yum :) 
Um ..... getting suspended for a rap video . what kinda gay crap is that ? everyone who was involved in that shouldnt be punished 
Does anyone wanna buy me some cheddar ruffles ? 
grape NOS + Amateur Surgeon = great time ! 
:) :) popcorn :) :) 
gonna start living one day at time . forget the past . its over . forget the future . i might not make it there . im living for me and no one else 
\nobody likes ugly popcorn ! \ " haha . i <3 statements like these ! thanks < PROPFEMALE >!" 
stupid snow !!! im sick of all this snow ! 
not ready for school tomorrow !!!! blah !! 
Just made ice cream out of snow !! It's yummy 
\no < PROPFEMALE > . This is my pot pie \"" 
\All i know is this : nobody's very big in the first place 
Really needs a job ...... 
Toast always falls jelly side down 
\yea we danced on tabletops and we took too many shots . i think we kissed but i forgot . last friday night . yea we maxed our credit cards and got kicked out of the bars so we hit the boulevard . last friday night \"" 
I'm eating dried mashed potatoes in a tube ! Ha ! :) 
\oh man we were livin . Didn't waste one minute . We talked and drank and danced and said goodbye . We laughed until we cried \"" 
English essay done !! Im proud of myself . Only took me about an hour . Movie and popcorn time :) 
Just got back from a fantastic time with my friends at the Ford Cemter !! Whoo !! 
Gettin ready to go to my first day at my new job at Braums :) 
