Feeling like I was run over by a truck ... I soooo don't want to call in , but what am I gonna do ? 

Working all this weekend ... if anyone wants to take pity on me , I'm accepting donations of grilled burgers , dogs , and tasty treats any and all generosity is appreciated ... 
I see Mother Nature want to play games ... 80 and < PROPFEMALE > all weekend and then soon as I'm off Monday rainy and blahhhh , that's okay I can roll with it ... 
Let the good times begin ..... sun and fun just for me ... 
Okay .... I hope ya'll can handle my new look ... keep posted for new pics coming soon ... 
Off I go to mix and mingle all weekend ... it's either feast or famine , one minute i'm sittin at home talking to the cat about the weather ... the next my social calander is all filled up . 
Back to work .... at least it's air conditioned ( like a freezer ) .... 
2 days down , 3 to go .... enjoying my days off ... 
My weekend was fantastic .... the Finger Lakes were fantastic ... the wine , the water , the weather .... ahhh life is good .... Anyone interested in going back with me let me know ... 
Cool weather is great for cuddling and sleeping ... 
It's raining and chilly .... sounds like a hot cocoa day ... and a hot < PROPFEMALE > and tea night ... 
Better enjoy the sunshine now , and I mean now , do what you go to do because it won't last long and we'll all be bundled up and < PROPFEMALE > in no time .... 
Off I go ... time to be productive ... finishing paper for school 
Who decided what coconut flavor was ? Real coconut isn't sweet at all ... so what's up with this false reality that we all agreed upon . 
Chicken Wing festival today .... yea yea yea ..... 
Happy Labor Day .... If anyone would like to donate to the \keep < PROPFEMALE > happy fund\ " bring me a hotdog and/or burger to work ( i'll be there all day with no tasty bbq ) .... any donation is appreciated .... " 
First day of school .... uhhhmmm what to wear ? 
Feeling real positive .. anything worth having requires effort ... and our attitude is the only thing that we have in control of in the process ... 
Anyone going to Music is < PROPMALE > , this Saturday @ Albright Knox ? 
Music is < PROPMALE > was great ... but damn I can't believe I missed the Blues fest ... 
I'm realizing life and love isn't about finding the \whole package\ " but creating it ... " 
At school .... tired already ... how can I make it till 10pm ???? 
I love being a Nurse !!!! Imagine getting paid to do what you love and work with wonderful people .... it doesn't get any better 
My weekend will be filled with reading , writing and arithmitic ..... sound like fun ? 
Chicago @ Sheas was fabulous ... boat ride on Saturday .... fabulous ... weekend with < PROPFEMALE > priceless ... 
Obama .... won the Nobel Peace Prize !!!!! 
The movie Precious ..... lives up to the hype ... a must see . It's ironic because lately I've been trying to figure what makes some people overcome hardship and others becomes victims to it ... 
It's official I've got the \sniffles\ " .... can't for later on so I can bask in a Nyquil haze ... Donations of chicken soup and TLC are welcome ;} " 
Feeling so much Better ..... and ready to get back on track and celebrate the holidays ... Can't wait to get my cookies started . 
I'm collecting a list of cool movies ... I've never seen ... Any Ideas ?? 
Wishing you and yours a Happy Holidays .... I just opened my gifts and can't believe my < PROPFEMALE > got me just what I wanted ... how attentive and thoughtful ... it's beyond my comprehension to have someone care enough to pay attention to what I say , and sacrifice just to make me smile ... 
This damn economy is hitting even closer to home , at the hospital layoff's began , my job is safe for now ... but how can someone be laid off after 39yrs and given 1 1/2 week notice(my stomach is knots thinking about it ) 
Last Day of Vacation .. it's been great ... 
I karate chopped a fork , sliding down a hill because I'm a Ninja ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by a dragon . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand , that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons .. 
Lacking any motivation .... Please great Universe send some energy and direction my way .... 
In my adult life I always felt boring ... because I lacked drama ( fighting , love triangles , < PROPMALE > injuries , drug issues , < PROPMALE > money issues , ) in my life . Just now I had a Eureka moment and realized how blessed I am that I don't need drama to feel alive and that I've crafted a life with minimal chaos and that the imbalances that do come my way are handled pretty effectively .... how beautifully boring I am ... 
Disney here I come .... 
I have returned sadly without my iphone ... back to reality . 
Feeling balanced , and energized ... ready to do whatever comes my way .... If I could only figure out what that is ... 
I'm soooooo excited . I'm going to have a garden party !!! Yes , it's going to be a real garden party ladies ... floral dresses , and hats required ... plenty of cocktails and finger foods ( no crust ) ... I'm looking at a May/June date .. if anyone has any ideas , please let me know ... 
Here comes < PROPFIRST > Cottontail hopping down the < PROPFEMALE > trail ... Hippity , hoppity ... Easter's on it's wayyyyyyyyyyyy .......... 
I GOT ANOTHER IPHONE !!!!!! Life is grand again .... yes , and I want to share evey glorious moment with you ... 
I can't believe the older I get the more athletic I get ... Started with tennis today , and it was great !!! Pretty soon I'll be taking all competitors in the sports of ... Tennis , Golf and Bowling . Just give me time and I'll be a beast , a beast rocking a pink skort & accesories but still a beast . 
Wouldn't it be great if I had one measly minute to myself .. So i could study in peace !!! Guess not :( 
Uggghh .... I can't wait for Jazz in the park to start .... 
Anyone else going to Artist & Models tonight ? 
My beauty regime is almost complete ... 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility & very little authority . You step into people's lives and make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see people's\ 
capacity for love , courage , & endurance . Happy Nurse'sWeek! REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE AND/OR APPRECIATE A NURSE ! 
Please almighty Universe send positive energy my way ... I could use any and all help with this final . After this it's a wrap !!!! 
´Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings . ´ 
´The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes . ´ 
Today is the start of another beautiful day ... Let my productivity begin ! 
The 3D in Shrek 4 ... was the best I've seen thus far .. Or it could be I felt submerged bcz I was 4 rows from screen ... 
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass .... it´s about learning how to dance in the rain´ 
Mowing the lawn , is such a great workout , and free sun ... snd so much fun to boot :D 
CONGRATS !! To all those who graduated . Special thanks to all the NP's who've been such an inspiration to me ... allowing me to see all can be achieved with grace and persistance :D 
Take my advice ... I don't use it anyway . 
Thank you to all our serviceman , from the bottom of my heart .... Without those who are willing to sacrifice there lives for our security and freedom , this country could not exist ... 
Dyke March .... Followed by Pride block party on < PROPFIRST > .... Much < PROPFEMALE > , to be had by all ! 
My hair was on the 11 o'clock news ... Fame is around the corner :D 
Can't wait for < PROPMALE > Season 5 !! 
´The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels : it is always the false ones that look the most real , the most brilliant . ´ 
Anyone up for a Real L Word viewing ge t-t ogether ?..... starting June 20th 
Allentown < PROPMALE > Festival with Mrs :D 
Usual suspects is on , and it's one of my favorites !! 
It's a 100 degrees in the shade ... WTF ? Having a lovely time though , I'll remember this in < PROPFIRST > ... 
Home sweet home .... Spent a wonderful 4 days in DC , in an overall energizing trip both professionally and personally :D 
Despicable Me another great 3D ... 
At Shakespere in the Park ... Enjoying a picnic with my new picnic basket ( got a $100 basket for $20 ) ... and the Wine , cheese and olives are so tasty ... 
As of today .... I'm giving up the use of profanity , yep ... Im becoming a lady ( and trying to stimulate positive calming energy ) 
Currently at $4.50 .... and the small changes of outward expression are making big changes on the inside ... 
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing on one's own sunshine ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given 2 a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , Christopher Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for u this week . Repost if u support the Military 
In over my head , as usual . If it wasn't for my eternal optimisim I'd be drowning .... May the great universe send me positive , nurturing energy .... Wish me well . 
I know I'm late to the party ... But who would of thought Sponge < PROPMALE > was so political .... 
Great night out on the big gay boat ride .... 
How do you forgive ................................ 
Going to Tuesday nights at Artpark ... If your gonna be there , drop me a line .. 
Inception was great ... Took me long enough to see it ... 
Studying for the GRE , in my backyard on this beautiful < PROPFEMALE > morning ... With intermittent periods of facebook for distraction :D 
Okay , not sure if I'm rugged or stupid ? At the < PROPMALE > festival dripping wet with sweat , browsing ... 
Wow , this Criminal Minds is good ... The bad guy is just like someone we all know . Beware of those who's arrogance supercedes their ability . 
Productivity is the name of the game today .... 
I love cuddling on chilly nights ... There's nothing better .. I know everyone loves summer but I love fall ... 
I've got a freaky < PROPFEMALE > to bake :o and I want some coconut cupcakes !... This could be a great opportunity to wear my new fancy apron ;) 
We've got a Dyson !!! 
Lewiston Jazz festival ... Another great night with my < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
I love ... Strangers with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
First day of classes for me .... I'm feeling good , the passion she is back ! 
Bed sweet Bed .... Me and the kittens :) 
Returning to a Nyquil haze ... Sniffling and sneezing ... Great way to kick the semester off ! 
The Mad House is MAD !!! 
If it has teeth , there's a good < PROPMALE > your gettin ' bitten ... 
The News is driving me CRAZY ... fires , shootings , swat teams , meth labs 
Anyone interested in Bowling in a bar league ? I'm looking to get a team together . 
Thursday night Bowling 9pm .... Volkers bowling alley , $12 a person ... 2 pitchers of beer . Starts Sept 16th :D 
< PROPFEMALE > got me tipsy and ate my Doritos !!! 
Music is < PROPMALE > ... Listening to Brass Monkeez ;} 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL !!! 
Beautiful 1yr old Black Lab- Free to Good Home ... dog food , collars , bed included . 
Looking for 1-2bedroom apart . in Buffalo ... pref . hardwood floors , storage , cats allowed . 
A beautiful day .... to sun , to contemplate , to study , to enjoy the backyard , to thank the universe for all the blessings I'm so grateful for . 
I HATE CALLING IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Write it on the calendar ... 10miles and I feel great !!!! 
Rode another 12miles yesterday , cut caloric intake down , eat every 3-4hrs , nothing after 8p .... When will I lose just 1 pound ? 
I feel out of sorts .... off balanced . I'm in desperate need of some soul enriching , spirit uplifting , body moving activity . 
< PROPFIRST > snores so loud , I feel like we adopted someones grandpa ... didn't think anyone could snore louder than my cat ... I was wrong . 
< PROPFEMALE > got hired !!!!! It's lobster and steak ! 
I'm not a fan of waiting in line :( .... Let me count the ways I could be wasting my time . 1 ) bike riding along the river 2 ) having a late lunch 3 ) taking a nap 4 ) studying 5 ) .... 
Tonight is the night ... 
Baco Noir , warms the soul ... and taste good doing so ;) 
Thank god it's over , now I just pray that I passed :/ 
You only find what your looking for ... Sometimes good , sometimes not so ;} 
OMG !! < PROPFIRST > ( my dog ) was just \playing\ " with the cat and began to drag the cat away by griping the back of his neck by the fur :o " 
< PROPFEMALE > has the unluckiest shoes in the world on ! Dog jumped out of moving car , then almost 2 car accidents ... All the first time she wears ' em . 
My little mental vacation from school wasnt cheap ... Now Back to business ... Lesson learned contemplation and soul searching before or after semester ... Not during ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Is it just me ... Are commercials getting a little to detailed ... What happened to clouds selling toilet paper ... And lady products being ambiguous ... Now all the business is just out there .. :( 
Feeling that second bootle of wine ... On to Cirque :D 
In case I haven't said it enough or made everyone aware .... I hate working nights !! 
Holy Toledo !!! I've been more productive today , then I've ever been in my life ... I think it's that South American tea I drank last night . 
I'm thinking of starting some girly bonding activity .... which sounds more fun .... Bridge Club , Quiliting Circle or Gin Rummy Night ?? 
Dying of thirst , after long day of drinking and can't find a sprite in F&\kin ' 20 < PROPMALE >!!" 
Going to work for 12 ... Been up all day , exhausted and haven't even started work ! 
Today feels like a productive one ... 
Been studying since 11am .. With only 3/4 10minute walk around the house breaks ... 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran or support the Troops 100% ! 
I'm in the lions den ... Pray for me :/ 
Megamind ... Actually had a plot , great 3D ... But why is kids movie $27 ?? 
Economic times have really put a dent in my lady of leisure lifestyle .... having to work , paying tuition , and bills are soooo bothersome ... 
All this hard work and ambition ... has worked up a thirst .... can't wait to get a cocktail break this weekend ;} 
Yes , I know you all want to know .... I'm wireless !! 
Dazed and confused ... 
Once people show you who they are ... you need to believe ' em ... Circumstances may change but peoples reactions to them will stay consistant . 
< PROPFIRST>'s first shower wasn't so bad ... But next time I need to rethink it ... shower 15minutes , cleanup an hour ;( 
What I'd do to be drinking ... Instead of working . 
Happy thanksgiving ! I am blessed beyond measure to know you all and in the upcoming months hope to see more of the people who mean so much me ;) Thank you all for being who you are and making my life richer than I could of imagined ... 
Ohhhh I so miss the days of the Muppets ... Fraggle Rock ... Transformers ... The A-team ... Fantasy Island ... 
Today is a GOOD day .... Memories of simple but profound moments have flooded me :D 
Redbull ;D 
Let it Snow , let it snow , let it snow .... 
Dear Santa : Define Nice ... 
Snow .... like everything else is about attitude ;D 
Is all the hard work and sacrifice worth it ? Having a goal is one thing , but an all consuming lifestyle seems like another ... 
A certain someone is being Ms. Grumpity McGrump .... 
Nesting ... 
Today will consist of reading , reading , more reading , then test :/ 
Getting my butter whipped ... Yes I am unbeweavable ! 
Books by Day .... Booze by Night ! 
Christmas music , check ... Christmas tree done , check ... Pizza in your pj's , check .... Spending the holidays in love --- Priceless ! 
Yes ... It's called cramming ... a little trick I still haven't mastered . 
School is done .... Let the holidays begin !!! 
Dreamgirls ... Is great ! < PROPFEMALE > is doing her thing . 
Mindless activity .... ahhhhh it feels sooo good :D 
Baking cookies ... 
I just drank Vino Coto ... It's a homemade wine that has been open since 1963 ... Kinda like molasses and prune juice ... 
If I haven't said it before , know that if your a friend of mine ... I appreciate all that you contribute to making my life full and joyful ... Happy New Year ! 
Birds in flight ... are not between places , they < PROPFEMALE > their places with them . We never wonder where they live : they are at home in the sky , in flight . Flight is their way of being in the world . ~ Geoff Dyer || What's your way of being in the world ? 
If you don't have something to positively contribute then please refrain from contributing . While I thrive on differing opinions and a variety of outlooks to grow as a person .... if your words offer no benefit to anyone , why are you using them ? I see negativity as the crabs that pull you back into the pot ... Just because many think it's cool not to care doesn't mean I think it is ... 
I want ot change my name to Masala Chai ... ;D .... it fits me . 
I will be seeing Black Swan today ... To see if it lives up to the hype . 
Any suggestions or comments on which test is easier ... The GRE or the MAT ?? 
What time is it ? Time to CUDDLE ... 
Rising & shining ;D today will be a beautiful and productive day ! 
Officially sick ... Let's see how long it lasts ? My superior immune system should be kicking in full throttle any minute now ... I'm sure it'll just be another minute ..... ( waiting ); / 
