Went running today twice and felt good . Sometimes it is nice to do a double session . We also have a long weekend comming . Must go to < PROPFEMALE > Arbor and may go visit son at < PROPFEMALE > College . 

I want all of the folks who are against the prez making a statement to school kids about trying and working hard in school to remember some recent Prezs who did , these include : < PROPFIRST > after the shuttle expolsion , GHW Bush in 91 for same purpose as Obama , and GW Bush in 2001 , 2003 , and 2006 for various reasons . Strange these statments were no big deal ! Clearly if you are a GOPer , doing a crappy job it is no problem ! 
Is the USA exceptional ? In some ways I would have to answer yes , However , we are unexceptional in many other ways , True we are migthy , wealthy , and have many liberites but until we take care of those most in need we not nor will we ever fulfill the myth of American exceptionalism . Get some health care reform NOW ! 
UM wins , MSU wins , CMU plays AZ tough but loses still not a wipe out 19 - 6 in a game they could have won . The only fly is that JGHS lost to Pontiac oh well . 
Oh , and Purdue hardly got by a team they should have dominated . 
Just completed a 5k RACE WALK not a run in 31:22 . or about 10 minutes per mile . won the age group and came in second overall . Thank goodness that beast from < PROPFEMALE > Arbor who can race walk at 7 minutes per mile was not there . He is awsome ! 
Started picture album will have more later of < PROPFEMALE > and others 
And so the kids go back to school today . The stress and all that good stuff is really peaking at this moment ! Aren't some of us glad we just go to a job ? 
< PROPFIRST > Beck published a 5 or out in 2010 peldge for poiticals to be relected hereis mine I would like to know what you think : 1 . USA has never be in any war that has no clear meaning of end . Until the 1950's if we go to war there was always an exit of some form or another and should never be a force to create nations in our image . 
2 . Many think < PROPFEMALE > means we can buy , use , and throw out anything we want . When in fact this very attitude has enslaved us . Not only has it gotten many citizens in debt beyound any hope , but has also made us dependent on other nations who do not have our intersts in mind . < PROPFEMALE > means we can worship the way we want , own property , partener up with whom we want , help community the way we want . 
3 . With the economy being in a downward spiral the fed gov sometimes have to create wealth jobs and and stimualte the econ . This means there will be budget shortfalls . So what . It is not in USA interest to have massive < PROPFIRST > poor folks living in boxes is it ? 
4 . For those that have more more must be expected . Yes this means many wealthy folks will have to pay more in taxes . It is called providing for the general welfare of our nation . 
5 . Last one . Health Care is in crisis . WE MUST DO SOMETHING ! The status quo is not working for 45+million SO DO SOMETHING . I don't know what must be done BUT something has to be done NOW . This should not be that hard nor political . Agian it is provide for the general welfare of or nation . 10 - 14K 4 fams insurance is not realistic nor cannot continue without collapse . 
Obama's speech was very good . I don't like the idea that a member of congress shouted liar in the middle of his speech . If you agree with him or not as a member of congress you should at least respect the prez or any guest in the chamber speaking . It was not wise and I think this plus school house cracked buisness thii week , failing to see their input into the econ collapse , having nothing new to add hurts GOP . Good . 
In the current health care debate a real issue for the public is the one about pre-existing conditions . Well I think the GOP have a terminal pre-existing conditon it was determined yesterday to be < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( R ) SC . There is direct link to this illness exposure to Rush Limpballs , < PROPFIRST > Hate -ity , Larua the B Ingram , and listening to FOX News . If you do these activities please stop before you put your on sanity atrisk 
We in the USA need to think about ways we can come together today to solve the problems of our nation . We owe this to the victims and the their families on this day . Eight years after 9/11/01 . Peace be with all of you . 
Can't wait for Saturday going on a long bike ride in the morning . 
UM beats Notre Dame and CMU beats MSU life is good . By the way I would like to hear from the MSU football is the greatest crowd to say something now about how they have the best football team in Michigan now ! 
I know the sun will come out in the morning the upside down world we live in is now normal . Lions are playing like the Lions , UM is 2-0 and playing well . MSU gets beat by CMU . The world is well normal again . 
This years US Open Tennis Chapionship was great tennis and drama throughout . Although it does not match the theatre of TdF it does score well . Much more excitment than the opening of the NFL Yawn . 
I really think it is time we talk Lions . The Lions did not do as bad as some may claim . Yes they are a long way from being good but the \O\ " was better than I've seen it in a long time . The \ " D\ " does need a lot of work . still trying to arm tackle people All and all this was step in the right direction if we were honest about it . " 
Guess what region in the world was the wealthest in the world in 2008 ? Ready the EU . 29 trillion in managed wealth . Not bad for a bunch of as the right says socalist . By the way before we blame this on Obama check the year 08 the GOPers were in charge not the dems . Don't try to pin this on the stim . In addition EU is a mixed Econ not socalist . 
To follow up on my previous post a couple of days ago I quoted < PROPMALE > Hoover 1931 proclaiming that the free market was the answer it did not work then I claimed we need a mixed econ well guess what the mixed econ in EU is doing better than what we had under Bush . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > said what ? Perhaps the truth perhaps not I am not sure but what I do know is that there were loads of signs that questioned the prez on several trivial issues . Some of these being where he was born , if he is an space alien , and something stupid about being an Afircan lion . There were also implications about his safety such as this tme we did not bring guns and bury him etc . 
Were just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl year after year . Running over the same ground . But what have you found ? The same old fears . How I wish you were here . 
Good night fb crowd 
Weekend near complete UM wins big , CMU wins large , < PROPFEMALE > wins by a ton and MSU and the Lions lose . The weekend and thia fall seem to be looking like it will be very much normal . 
Got an email form my son today . Seems he had to a presentation at < PROPFEMALE > and it was wttnessed by a well known congressperson ( will remain anonymous don't want to talk party ) and this congressperson said that was one of the finest presentations that she has ever seen given by a student . Especially a first year student . This is great as he is very interested in public policy . I know I am bragging . 
UM wins a close one , a little to close perhaps . CMU romps over Akron . MSU loses again . Man what a great fall college football team this is shaping up to be . Let me see UM 4 -0 , CMU 3 -1 , MSU 1 - 3 . Just as things should be . Normal . 
Nobody is going to comment on the Lions game ? I guess I will , Lions 19 Washington 14 . It looks like the Lions are not going to go 0 - 16 this year ! Although should we expect 1 - 15 ? Hey it is a step in the right direction . LOL 
Do any of you know of a place where a person can exchange Euros for dollars ? We have got nothing but the run around with the local banks and credit unions . Either huge service fees or must have an account . It is for our exchange student whose mom sent her 100 euro . So far we have tried Chemical , three credit unions in which we are members , Citizens , Independent , and National City . 
MSU pulled it out =( But the funny thing is , is that it has taken MSU 42 years to beat UM two years in a row . Even though I am a bit unhappy with the final result I think about 42 years of futility that has got to hurt . So Congrats to my friends in green and white for a well played game . 
Sorry it should be detroitlions.com/statistics.html 
Just remember no matter which side you are on in the health care reform debate according to a CBO report by 2018 the mean cost for a family of four to be covered is going to be $ 25,000 + . So when the health insurance industry tries to scare folks with their latest study of higher costs if reform goes through they are really now just telling you they are going to raise rates either way . WHAT A BOGUS STUDY ! 
I have a sinus infection and it migrated to the right side of my face . Yesterday my right cheek swelled way up and it is still a little today . When I look in the mirror I see a younger better looking verison of < PROPFIRST > Mccain . 
We are born many people but we die as one person . Chose to make that one person you will be stand out for the common good for all people from all cultures and all lands . I believe for us our moral imperative should include : 
There is some kind of inbox message going around from people on your firend list it has :) next to it and when you open it , it is not nice stuff . I stupidly got this and opened it so if there is an inbox message from me in the next day or so ignore it . Or any message form someone that just has :) on it . 
As we embark on a new year let us remember that it is up to us to help make the world a better place . It is incumbent upon as individuals to work for the common good for all . This common good obligates each of us to provide aid to our youth , our elderly , and the less fortunate . This aid should be given willingly to all people regardless of his/her place of birth . Everyone from anywhere should be provided for . 
To all of my FB friends , Chirstmas will soon be here remember to keep in mind it is not how much you get on the 25th of December . It is about the deeds you do and the good you accomplish through out the year . Use the talents and gifts you were given at the start of your life to make the world better . Don't count how many toys you get but rather how many people you have helped . Happy Holidays to all of you . 
In some ways 2009 was painful as far the economy , jobs , a continuation of our nation at war , and/or perhaps illness in our families . Yet we are at the cusp of a new year . How did we do it ? We did it with a commodity no one can purchase nor trade for . It is the very nature of the human soul . HOPE . I believe that with no hope we have no soul . Keep hoping all my FB friends and have a very Happy New Year . 
Awesome the Big Ten is sure doing an outstnading job ib the bowl games at the moment , MSU is getting destroyed , NW is getting destroyed , U of M is playing bone headed , PSU is the only one that is holding their own at the moment . Do we Big Ten fans have are heads up our arse because we honestly believed this will be a good day . 
HELP HAITI FAST : text \HAITI\ " to 90999 & $10.00 will be donated to American Red Cross . 100% of money will be passed on . Please retweet & Repost ... Help spread the word . Reposted from another source . " 
No matter how you felt about the presidents State of the Union speech last night ( I thought it was pretty good ) we as citizens of < PROPFEMALE > must remember this fact : ONE IS ALL AND ALL IS ONE . The biggest problem we have had in the last 30 years or so is we have forgotten this . We need to pull together and work together to solve our problems . Not divide and conquer based on politics . 
I am not going to paper over the economic issues that face the state of Michigan but we need to get a grip on things from a historical perspective . Yes things are really bad and we have had a vey difficult time but are things the worse ever ? < read on > 
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow Don't be alarmed now It's just a spring clean For the May < PROPFEMALE > Yes , there are two paths you can go by But in the long run There's still time to change The road you're on ( Led Zeppelin ) *** I hope so . ****** 
Your thought of the day : And as we wind on down the road Our shadows taller than our soul There walks a lady we all know Who shines white light and wants to show How everything still turns to gold And if you listen very hard The truth will come to you at last When all are one and one is all To be a rock and not to roll THE KEY HERE IS IF YOU LISTEN VERY HARD , THE TRUTH WILL COME OT YOU AT LAST . 
Since Blue Cross of Mich . wants to raise rates 56% on an individual soon many will not be able to afford the cost . Hence , more people will go uninsured . The result will be many will not seek care while others will go bankrupt . Is this what a decent society does ? You may think health care insurance is not a right it is however a human dignity issue . 
Just a note to all of us who played the oylimpic hockey board and when I picked Canada to win the gold after they got beat by the US in the first game I believe ALL OF YOU SAID I WAS NUTS , well what just happened ? 
Wonders why the number one thing that will keep the USA economically secure is education AT ALL LEVELS preschool - graduate school and yet it is the first thing we cut . It makes no sense . 
A friend of mine calls all on FB peeps and this seems like an apt name for those who are on FB \peeps\ " . LOL So good night to all of my FB friends or \ " peeps\ " . Have restful night . " 
Sometimes I think : Oh , let the sun beat down upon my face , stars fill my dreams I am a traveler of both time and space , to be where I have been To sit with elders of the gentle race , this world has seldom seen They talk of days for which they sit and wait , all will be revealed Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace , sounds caress my earsBut not a word I heard could I relay , the story was quite clear lying , 
thinks it is time for higher education to put it's money where it's mouth is . Stop talking about the student learning as being the most important goal and actually put your money there . This means in the classroom and not in pools , gyms , football teams , town house dorms , or renovations of recent renovations . 
What a fantastic weekend and Moday we are having . Thus far I rode on my bike Friday in the morning I rode 25 < PROPMALE > ( 40 Km ) , 30 < PROPMALE > Saturday morning ( 48 KM ) 15 < PROPMALE > Sunday morning ( 24 Km ) , and this afternoon 25 < PROPMALE > ( 40 Km ) . That is 95 < PROPMALE > or 152 Km . Tuesday I am planning another 30 < PROPMALE > ( 48 Km ) before it rains and cools through Thursday . This is a GREAT way to jump start the spring . 
Does any one see a problem with this ? < read on > 
To all of my conservative , progressive , and in between friends , the most important issue in front of us that will insure economic security for our states and our nation is public education . It is time we LEAVE ALL POLITICS AT THE SCHOOL HOUSE DOORS . 
Ran in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor yesterday and I sure as hell didn't remember all of the hills . I felt great during the run but dang , I simply am not used to the inclines and declines anymore and don't get much of a < PROPMALE > to do so here in flatland . So today I am feeling all of the ups and downs from yesterday . So I guess I will be hot tubing tonight :) a moment ago clear 
Sometimes it seems we can make progress in things that truely hold someone we love back . For days , weeks , months we can actually start to feel better about things but then the deception of the situation hits us right between the eyes and we are back at square one . So what should we do ? Get up , brush the dust off and move on . In otherwords we cope with what makes us sad to become happy . 
Think about people the GOP tried to harm < PROPMALE > , The Demcrats tried to stop Bush , and then the GOP are trying to destroy Obama . How is upping the ante against every president going to help our nation again ? I must have missed the memo . The excuse I have been hearing is , \well they did it to Bush\ " . Since when are we all 6 year olds getting even with the other side . Grow up everyone . " 
<--- likes his new profile picture of his lovely wife ( of 20+ years ) and him . :)) 
Why is the current trend toward Libertarianism and the Tea Party movement so wrong : Here are a some reasons : < see below > 
Congrats to the Bangor Township Schools staf for putting on a nice 5K run/2 mile walk/kids fun run . Nice job by BARC as well for assiting in the event . Cograts to < PROPFIRST > for winning the 5K overall , < PROPFIRST > ( I think she own female overall ) both great people . Also , congrats to me for winning the 2 mile walk time averaged 10 minute < PROPMALE > walking , and Ms G for comming in first for females in the walk . 
Let us not forget that it was 15 years ago today that < PROPMALE > McViegh along with the help of some elements of the Michigan Militia blew up a federal Building in Ok . City . To this day this is the second largest terrorist action against our nation and her people . Much of it seems to have been festered by hate speak against President < PROPMALE > at the time . 
Can someone please tell me one job that was created by the Bush tax cut program ? Can anyone tell me in one way how the Bush tax cuts helped our economy in a sestemic way ? Can one person tell me how our nation is more competitve in any fundamental way due to the Bush tax cuts ? I am not trying to be provocative but really let's get real . 
Let's see , the state of Michigan is having money issues AGAIN . Their solution to this mess ? Cut education . This is paramount to Freedumb ( < PROPFEMALE > Gipps ) , especially when we consider that our politicals in Lansing want to cut spending to around $6500 our so per student ( down form $ 7,200 ) and we realize we spend $ 37,000 + per prisoner in our jails . 
I find it very strange that we have huge banks that we claim are to big to fail must be bailed out ( this was under Bush ) and yet we have public school that are to big to allow to fail and yet we do nothing . AIG bailouts helped millionaires and billionaires recoup their lost money after the crash in October of 2008 . 
wonders when < PROPFEMALE > Palin will use the phrase \Spill Baby Spill \"?" 
Hey all of my FB friends here is a new < PROPFEMALE > that allows us to celebrate our life and our nation without the political arguments . If you read the info it is a < PROPFEMALE > where those of who are burned out by trolls , politcs , and hate form the right or the left can go to just have fun . Check it out and join . 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile and she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ! Post it on your wall if u agree . 
Doing Talk like a Pirate today so don't get freaked over the profile picture . 
Once in a lifetime there is an album that has no bad songs and this one was it . Rumors by Fleetwood < PROPMALE > . I don't think there is a single weak song . 
Interesting how things turn around . 10 years ago everyone was saying Microsoft will take over the world and APPLE is not going to exist . Fast forward to now , it was just announced this morning that APPLE is more valuable as a tech company than Microsoft . 
Another disappointment at < PROPMALE > Garros this year . I am starting to think that < PROPMALE > surfaces should not be included as one of the surefaces for professional tennis grand championships . In this day and time the vast majority of people play the game on a hard surface or on grass . Very few people in the world play on < PROPMALE > . < READ ON > 
Well FIFA World Cup is in full force now . USA and England played to a draw in Group C action yesterday . The English fitba hooligans were out in force on BBC whinning about having to play USA in the opener . Now they are fussing that the goal USA scored on them was luck . Maybe it was but in 10 years no one will remember it and the line will say 12- 06 - 2010 , USA 1 - England 1 . History is like that you know :)) 
My vuvuzela just came in . :) 
Well good luck to Team USA in the round of 16 in FIFA World Cup action as they take on Ghana Saturday . Also , good luck to Germany against England as I hope once more Germany will take out England . 
Congrats to the Germans once again Germany stops England in their World Cup Quest . It was a great game with the usual controversy . But the goal that was not still would have been enough for England to win . 
Now that the FIFA World Cup is in the quarter finals I am rooting for the Netherlands because orange and black look good together , Germany because of the friends I have met over the last year in Germany , Spain because it seems cool to do that , and Ghana because my son is going to Ghana for the month of July to make it to the semifinals . 
I am going to be a little distracted over the next few days since the World Cup is moving into the finals and the best annual sporting event on the planet starts on on the 3rd and that event is the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > . Just like with the World Cup < PROPMALE > I have to say for the Tour ABL . LOL 
Excellent Germany goes on to the World Cup Semifinals with a 4 - 0 victory over < PROPFEMALE > . Go Deutschland :))) 
This could shape up to be an great month . The finals of the World Cup in about 7 days and 3 of the four teams I predicted to get to the semi-finals are still in , The Tour de < PROPFEMALE > is now in full bloom ( watching it now on TV ) , my son just left for Ghana Africa to spend the entire month there to work on a literacy project and to work on creating more good will in the world . 
Currently , we have the finals of the World Cup , the TdF , and the all < PROPFEMALE > break in baseball coming up , so what does the sports media obsess about ? Where Labron < PROPFIRST > is playing in 4 months . I say WHO CARES . < read on > 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > y for a third place in the FIFA World Cup . I know it was not the result < PROPMALE > fans wanted but it is still a great showing . 
Ok I am a fan of Nottingham < PROPMALE > FC , Scotland Football fans , and FC Koln . ONe in England , one is in Scotland , and one is in < PROPMALE > y . I think the language in the English and Scottish ones are harder to decipher than the < PROPMALE > one even though the first two are written English while FC Koln is in < PROPMALE > :) 
It's SPAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a great match . 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
I was thinking I have been to 9 porvinces in Canada , 47 states in the USA and 6 other international countries . I have met through my travels , my job , and on social levels as well as having exchange students people from all of the continents that sustain life . Yes , I've been to so many places I've seen some things I know , love is the answer . It keeps holding this world together . Hell , it's the same everywhere . 
It has been 107 years since the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > started . In the early days the race was about 2400 km long and there were 6 stages in all . The average length of any stage was 400km + ( 250+ < PROPMALE > ) . 
The first true high mountain pass in the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > was in 1910 when the tour passes over the Col du Galibier . At the time the pass was about 2556 meters high or or approximately 8300 feet . The total length in < PROPMALE > was round about 12 < PROPMALE > of climbing . 
The most famous symbol of the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > is the yellow jersey or the Maillot Jaune as they say did not appear until 1919 . Yellow was chosen because it matched the color of L’Auto the magazine that first came up with the idea of the Tour in 1902 in an effort to sell more magazines . The winner that year Flirmin Lambot . 
My how things have changed !! In the 1903 Tour de < PROPFEMALE > the prize money was 5 francs for the first 50 riders who averaged 20k/h or about 12.5 mph . 5 francs is what the average factory worker made at that time in < PROPFEMALE > . The rider who won the stage any given day made 3000 francs and the overall winner made 12,000 francs . That means the winner made 6times more than the average French factory worker made in a year . 
In the 1920’s the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > became very long with the longest being in 1926 a distance of 5745 km or 3590 < PROPMALE > !!!! In the 1920’s the idea of the team became in vogue . Until 1925 teams were not allowed to pace each other and from 1927 – 1929 the race was basically a huge team trial . 
In 1938 a rider named < PROPMALE > Bartali won his first tour . 1939 was the last Tour de < PROPFEMALE > before WW2 . From 1940 - 1946 The Tour de < PROPFEMALE > was cancelled . It came back in 1947 and Bartali rode and won his second Tour de < PROPFEMALE > in 1948 making it 10 years in between tour victories . This is the longest stretch between victories in the Tour . 
The year after < PROPMALE > Bartali's second Tour de < PROPFEMALE > victory another two time winner from italy won his first Tour . < PROPMALE > Coppi won the Tour in 1949 an again in 1952 . Coppi died at the age of 40 in 1960 . The official cause of death was malaria but some investigation have implied the cause to be cocaine overdose . 
Cheating in the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > has always been an issue that has been discussed from the beginning . Accusations of cheating were rampant from the second Tour . In fact founder Henri Desgrange almost cancelled the tour after the 1904 race . 
Certainly winning the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > once is quite a feat however winning it more than once is amazing . The list of two time winners I count 10 cyclist who have done this . However winning it 3 or more times is even that much more outstanding . The first person to do so was Phillppe Thys when he won his 3rd Tour in 1920 . 
After the Anquetil < PROPFEMALE > there were a few transition Tours that ushered in the next Boss of the Peloton . < PROPFIRST > Merckx ( pronounced Merks ) Won the Tour 5 times starting in 1969 . Merckx was so dominate he was nicknamed the Cannibal because he “ate” the other competitors alive . 
< PROPFIRST > Merckx so dominated the Tour in the late 60’s and early 70’s there was some doubt that there would ever be another Boss of the Peloton . But < PROPMALE > Hinault changed that very quickly . Hinault won The Tour de < PROPFEMALE > 5 times as well . He won in 1978 , 1979 , 1981 , 1982 , and 1985 . Hinault probably could have won the Tour 5 times in a row but was plagued with tendonitis in his knees and had to take some years off . 
The rise of US riders in the tour de < PROPFEMALE > took only about 70 years ! In 1981 US cyclist < PROPMALE > “Jacques” Boyer became the first US citizen to ride in the Tour de < PROPFEMALE > . Boyer served as a domestique , a rider who works for the benefit the team leader on the team of < PROPMALE > Hinault . Boyer ended up competing in 5 Tours coming in a very respectable 12th place in 1983 . 
After Boyer’s successes it became clear that US cycling was on the rise and in 1981 the Southland Corporation , which is the mother corporation of the party store chain 7/11 founded a cycling team called of course Team 7/11 . The goal of this team was to have a competitive team made of mainly of American and Canadian riders . 
The rise of < PROPMALE > LeMond The first American Tour de < PROPFEMALE > Champion . In 1984 LeMond rode his first Tour and came in 3rd in 1985 he rode into second after giving up a winning margin during a mountain stage to support 5 time winner < PROPMALE > Hinault . 
Well here we go at 3:30 AM US East Coast time in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor Michigan the University of Michigan , the winningest football program in NCAA history starts it's 131st season against the Universtiy of Connecticut . GO WOLVERINES !!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Just an opinion but , another season like the last two and it is time for \Rich Rod\ " to find a new job . " 
First I am not in a union nor was I ever in a union but we should remember that Labor Day is a day to recognize that the Labor Unions did contribute to our nation and many of the benefits we enjoy today . I am not trying to start anything ( No ARGUMENTS PLEASE ) but rather only reminding you of this fact . 
We started the football season out very well . University of Michigan won big against a quality oppoent , CMU won HUGE , and MSU defeated an inferior opponent and now all of their fans think they should be ranked number 1 LOL . Also , the Lions still don't have a loss . Of course they start on the 12th but still they do not have a loss . 
Politics as usual ??? If I were a Republican I would be very disappointed in this rehash of the old , if I were Deomocrat I would breathe a big sigh of relief , and If I were an independent I would be totally pissed off . Either way it is a funny video by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/thu-september-23-2010/postcards-from-the-pledge 
NBC has been doing a lot of < PROPMALE > bashing lately . It is very sad . Here are some things to think about . 
My favorite blogger/columnist and the person I am moving forward as the next Chief Of Staff for President Obama . Of course she is also my FB friend whom I have never meant and probably never meet ( wonders of FB ) but by golly my $35 donation in 2008 sure should hold some sway . http://www.huffingtonpost.com/seema-kalia/ 
Children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . 
For those of you who don't care don't read but I do have to say this : 21 years ago today the most wonderful lady a man could ever be with decided to marry me . Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > . I would spend my life with you 100 more times if I could . 
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow Don't be alarmed now \ 
It's just a spring clean For the May < PROPFEMALE > \ 
\ 
Yes , there are two paths you can go by But in the long run \ 
There's still time to change The road you're on \ 
I hope so . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzXfkdCoy6U&feature=related 
Every person has 1,000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better ( and stay that way ) . I know that 97% will not post this as their status ; but , I know that my friends will be one of the 3% who will , at least for an hour . In honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting ! You are the strongest person I know ! I admire your strength ! Iadore the person you are ! 
Just a note I would like to say . We live in difficult times with many people suffering but we normal people work together every day . I may not agree politcally with everyone I work with nor may they may not agree with me but we work together to solve problems . < please read on > 
My big question tonight is this , where is < PROPFIRST > Green who is running for State Senate getting $ 1,000,000 from to run against < PROPMALE > Mayes ? Also , why is Mr Green pretending he is not more a less a career politician when in fact he served in the State House for several years ? Further why does Mr Green never tell us what party is running under ? 
I hear many of my friends whom I respect say , I am not a fan of big government and I understand and here what they are saying but , 
Well I hope everyone in the USA as happy of Thanksgiving day as I have had . Let us be thankful for what we have and let us never forget those who less fortunate than ourseleves . 
Why does it seem we are arguing over tax increases when frankly outsourcing of jobs and the lack of manufacturing seem to be the biggest problem we have . Now I am only a math/stat guy but it seems that every since our manufacturing base has started to disappear we have seen stagnant wages for the middle class . < please read on > 
Ok it is time to go and profess my knowledge to young college students on Heaviside ( spelled correctly ) and inpluse functions in differential equations . Until next time I hope all of you are having a great time . 
Well student protests in England over tuition increases . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>' limo was even pelted with bottles and paint . I wonder what will happen here in the USA if our government tries to take away federal student aid ? I have heard rumors for the last month or so that this wll be on the table . For the record nealry 94% of college students get some form of federal aid . 
Well the snow is piling up and many area schools are already calling off Monday . The wind is really starting to pick up and bluster to over 30 mph . 
Don't open ANYTHING that has the letters ( bit ly ) in it . It's a < PROPMALE > hack attack that's hitting facebook . Tell all your freinds ... It's attaching to websites , showing up as posts from your friends and also as messages from friends .... 
In our age of great communication , great discoveries , and wonder my holiday wish for all to keep these things in mind as we progress through what will be another difficult and challenging year . We , it seems , are on the edge and it for many seems to be the worst of times . But really is it ? ( continued below ) 
I really think that anyone who has grown up in the Great Lakes Bay area of MI and in particular the Bay part can relate to these words . 
So then why exactly are our Lansing and DC friends pushing for more Charter Schools ? According to an article on Dec 15th in the Detriot Free Press 7% of Michigan's public schools are failing ( too many for sure ) BUT 37% of Charter Schools are failing based on the standards of the No Child Left behind law . 
As I reflect on this year that is almost over I can honestly say the following : I had great victories and devastating defeats . The defeats seemed to last forever but it was only a perception and not really what happened . The victories seemed to fade quickly but again merely my perception . In other words the best of times and the worst of times lives in at least my spirit and I think it does in most of us . 
What is very interesting and funny is the number of friends and relatives who have said this holiday season how little they are on FB but here is a news flash to all of you .... THE LITTLE GREEN < PROPFEMALE > DOES NOT LIE . Your green lights have been on everytime I have logged on . LOL 
I heard a very disturbing new year’s greeting today . It was , “Happy New Year and may health , wealth , and prosperity be yours” . This is sad because it was wishing me only a self-centered version of happiness and not one of universal joy . 
Still have this week off but I am going on a road trip to < PROPFEMALE > Arbor today . I have to help escort < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > off U of M's campus this afternoon after the A . D . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Fires him for the pathetic job he did for 3 years as the coach of the football team . However , I am still looking for some productive activities besides FB which is far from productive . 
Well after a 2 hour meeting with U of M Athletic Director < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > this afternoon he is going to do what I advised him to do but I am not allowed to tell anyone what that is . :-) 
There are many reasons why I dislike winter in the northland but one particular reason annoys me more than anyother . Why the hell do my sock have to be damp all day . No matter what I do my damned socks are damp . errrrrr !!!! 
It appears to me that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > may have been correct in light of the tragic events of yesterday . < read on > 
In my life I have seen many people arrive and leave this world . We all have or have had our time in the sun . Some of you I have had the pleasure to have walked with in the summer sun upon fields of gold . Thank you . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCNJBopK25I 
Put this dog on\ 
. //^ ^\\\\ your profile\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ that you are\ 
(/_) ^ (_\\) against animal cruelty !! =^.^= 
I have recently heard from some people , which tells me there must be some national level talker of some sort saying it , that in a civilized society you have two ways to make change . < read below > 
It is MLK day and I admire MLK a great deal . I think many of the things he has said are no less valid in our time . Here is one I think we should all think about . “Of all the forms of inequality , injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane . ” -MLK- < read on > 
Snow and ice predicted for after midnight what fun and awesome morning commute I will have in the morning I can't wait !!!!. :-( 
On a national cable news network known as FOX a morning show host was lamenting that the Detriot Schools are so broke , they will have to close half of the schools and it will double the typical class size . A normal class will go from 32 to 62 . LOL that does not seem right . Maybe FOX News the channel this occurred on should do an investigative report on why they have news anchors who can't do basic math . 
My wife and I had some business we had to do in northren Ohio Monday and Tuesday and I am glad we decided to come back Tuesday during a lull in the storm . I think looking at what I see outside we may not have been aboe to get back for a couple of days . We still have snow that is supposed to last for another 8 or 9 more hours . I hope to have pictures of the 10 foot drifts we have around our house . 
Well we can now get out of our subdivision as A guy next door and I cleared out one < PROPFIRST > form his house to the main road with hand shovels . It was about 800 feet . It took us about 2 hours but hell at least I can get to work tomorow . Wait ..................... Damned you < PROPMALE > ROSIN I just sae the announcement you called < PROPFEMALE > off after I did that . ERRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!! 
OK I think I am going to get some fine red Italian wine , some fine cheeses , and some other appetizers . it looks like Soccer Net has a good game on at 3:00 and there is World Cup Alpine Down Hill skiing on at 6:00 . Then I herad the Puppoy Bowl is on as well . Nothing else seems to catch my interest but oh well It sounds like a great day to watch TV . 
