Happy new year :) 

im back home !!! i finally came back to a-town !! 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
cleanin the crib before class , super exciting stuff 
school is boring tonight .. and my instructor is so fuckin monotone i cant focus . 
LOL GO FUCK YO'SELF!!!!! 
Hmm .. Not alot going on today .. kinda bored . 
sleeeepy . 
possible owl tattoo trend ? pretty strange . 
school today , kickin it with my boo (: 
took the day off to < PROPFEMALE > out with trev <3 
relaxing before work (: 
my ex boyfriend is a psychotic felon whos is a waste of life ! i hate you ! 
uhhhh . life is wack sometimes 
Moving again soon , always fuckin moving .. 
kinda stuck in a rut ever since i smashed the mazda .. hopefully things improve soon 
sick of it all 
lol @pirate english for facebook :) 
i hate everybody that lives in castle rock . NO EXCEPTIONS !! 
today was pretty bad so tonight i think ill get a litte crunk :) 
Over & above it 
mmm nachos from qdoba :) 
\Its not the size of the dog in the fight ; Its the size of the fight in the dog . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
baking chocolate chip cookies :) it smells delicious in my apartment 
In class , learning about medical terminology .. kinda boring tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > all night :) 
kickin it . 
fall is my favorite time of year 
e-cigarettes are neat . they work too , i havent smoked in 2 days . 
Getting ready to go take my medical term . midterms ... i'm super excited 
any tips for finding yourself ? i feel kinda lost 
Starting work today at < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
my 19th birthday is coming up .. So far , my plans are to play beer pong and get another tat :) 
Gettin closer to my degree .. Two more classes and i can get certified in phlebotemy . 
Paranormal activity 2 was intense !! 
ughh :( 
i feel so much better today . :) but economics class is like mild torture 
feels like were kinda drifting apart sometimes .. 
Free Weezy !!! 
freezing cold ! 
college consumes my life ! but soon ill be a cute nurse ! :) & young too ! 
ughh fuck the snow !! yucky 
Whatev . 
Happy Turkey day !!! :) 
starting work on the 7th @ ups !! :) 
sometimes people change . and the person who was your best friend can turn into your enemy , and before you know it you have nothing in common anymore . 
beer pong again tonight ? hell yeah :) 
DTA .. dont trust anyone :/ 
why do strange females/friends of ex's try and friend you on facebook ? Its creepy . 
work sucks ! 
just ordered my new samsung captivate :) totally stoked , now i just have to wait for it to get here 
This phone is amazing . :) 
Sleeeeepy . 
Kush con 2010 here I come !!!!!!! :) 
Cyclones are my favorite :) 
Beer pong is the best :) 
Good morning world <3 
Mmmm < PROPFIRST>'s pizza with anchovies :) 
Petite fours are my favorite Christmas treat .. yummy . 
Who works at 3:30 am ? I do . Insanity . 
Its hard to sleep when the sun is up 
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me :) 
Thank God tomarrow is Friday .. for real im exhausted 
Happy holidays to everyone :) and best wishes for the new year 
Mmmm Christmas dinner :) 
Sometimes life has me under a lot of pressure but that's how diamonds are made :) 
Seasonal jobs are lame 
New years < PROPFEMALE > party at the crib :) 
Just got accepted into metro state !!!!! :) 
Stupid snow its way too cold :( 
There's soooo much paperwork for college ugh 
Smartphones are great and everything but its always plugged in :( 
Grandaddy purp or Bubba kush crush ya explode in a bitch mouth like a gusha ;) 
I got all 6 textbooks for $130.88 used and I'm pretty stoked to start at metro on Tuesday :) 
Fuck you , Sunday 
Does anyone else think this whole 13th zodiac thing is bullshit ? 
Today has been wayyyy to stressful .. I'm ready for it to end 
Waking up for school is super crappy at 5 am 
Halfway thru my first day at Metro and I loooove it here !!!! 
waiting SUCKS !!!! 
\It is never too late to be what you might have been . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Walking around the icy campus .. not so much fun 
Weekend !!! Hell yeah no classes !!!!!! Party time !! Lol :) 
I love it when my boyfriend makes me home made breakfast sandwiches ... delicious :) 
I can't wait !!! Super excited ... hopefully only one more day !! :) 
awesome wonderful fantastic day ! :) 
This weather is bullshit ! 
-7 degrees ? And Auraria is still open ? No thanks ! 
Baking yummy orange cinnabon rolls :) 
Mini ice age !!!! Oh no !! 
Okay I'm totally over this -11° weather ... This is not cool . 
Don't be mad cuz its all about progression , loiterers should be arrested 
I'm so hungry I can't wait for this class to end .. I need breakfast 
Dinner & a movie with my baby <3 
I wish metro occasionally closed due to incliment weather .. but nope . They want us all there in 8 inches of snow and -5° . WTF . 
Has anyone else not left the house today except for the occational cigarette ? Stupid effing snow . 
Good morning Facebook :) 
Public speaking .. ughh 
What a perfect beautiful day !! :) 
Mmmmm lobster raviolis :) 
Happy <3 < PROPFIRST>'s <3 Day !!!!!! 
Fuck tha police !!!!!! >:( 
I love smashing around in my torn up ride with my bass cranked to the < PROPMALE > :) 
Pancakes ! 
Life is nothing like a box of chocolates . 
Sanctum was the worst movie ever . Honestly . 
Successfully made it to class without getting another ticket 
Just got a Wii . Awesome . :))) 
Some people just shouldn't procreate 
Monday means one day left to study for midterms .. 
Mmmm smoked chorizo breakfast burritos :) 
So break my body , break break my soul down , just another zombie walking blindly through your ghost town 
Anyone else from Metropolitan state college heard about the ' strategic name change' ? I guess we're now \Denver state University\ " . Thoughts ? " 
Speech on veganism today ... wish me luck I've bombed the previous two :/ 
Weekend finally . I got a B on my speech :) 
Fucking drama ! Fuck off ! 
Need to get away ... spring break is coming up 
Bitches need to get slapped in they mouth ! 
God damn ! I didn't know that all kids do nowadays is talk shit on Facebook . Someone needs to be watching them , from gods sake ! 
Mimosas & The beautiful colorado sunset . It doesn't get better than this :) 
Caviar <3 
Really guys ? A guest speaker in my first class of the day ? I shoulda stayed in bed 
Midterms :/ 
Happy st. Patricks day !!! Time to get drunk ! :) 
Spring break begins now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Grilling up some teriyaki shrimp kabobs with the boo :) 
Mmmmargaritas :) 
Good morning ;) 
Sunday nights are pretty effing boring . 
Spring break is pretty alright :) 
Making my first batch of Jello shots !!!! <3 
I hate the new Dr. Pepper commercial with Fergie !! she looks like shes wearing a really cheap halloween costume 
Back to school tomarrow :( \ 
Spring break should've been much longer . 
I hate waking up for school !!! :( 
Just got my first midterm grade back .. got a 93.5% :) 
:) i just won an autographed Snoop Dogg album and some Skullcrusher headphones from Skullcandy !!!!!!! 
People are so incredibly stupid sometimes , its pretty ridiculous . 
People are so shitty sometimes . 
Gotta write a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper for american civ . today ughhh 
Its not right when someone gives out your phone number to someone you didnt want to have it ! 
I wish it was Friday !!! 
\It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . \ " - E . E . Cummings " 
