just wants some frickin ' sharks with some frickin ' laser beams attached to their heads , is that too much to ask people !? 

no no no no no no no ! no ! no ! NO ! NO ! NO ! NOOO ! NOOOOOOOOOOO !!! wait , yes . 
is totally focused and . . . SQUIRREL !! Wait wait . . . is totally focused and totally responsible . 
has learned that you can't make someone love you , all you can do is stalk them and hope that they panic & give in ...... ;) 
A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one . 
is wondering , is it sick to drop < PROPMALE > Grahams into your coffee just to watch them drown ? 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven looking over you , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you love , care and you are proud of your Dad , You are missed very much < PROPFIRST > Dugaqua 
ITS DAUGHTER WEEK : If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ~~~~ ?. Your daughter will outgrow your lap , but never your heart . ~~~~ 
Happy Mothers Day :) 
Some people say the glass is half empty , some people say it's half full ... I say are you going to drink that , or can I have it ? 
As of yesterday , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization . \ " It shares data with non-Facebook websites and is automatically set to Allow . Go to Account > PrivacySettings > Applications & Websites > Instant Personalizationand UN-CHECK \ " Allow . \ " Please copy & repost this ; even if you uncheck your own box ..... " 
OK .... I laughed often ( got stared at ) , I loved harder ( one new restraining order ) , and I danced like no one was watching ,.. THAT was when they locked me up .... ;) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ... raise\ 
awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
I took a picture of all my gold in Farm ville and sent it to one of those cash for gold places ... I haven't heard back from them . 
is wondering in Mexico do you have to press one for Spanish ? 
No I don't think its crazy to bite off the heads of my gummy bears while screaming in pain and agony . Its just good entertainment ;) 
Thank you everybody :) 
doesnt want to die in a well preserved body , I want to skid in sideways into my grave yelling what a hell of a ride ! 
A person's true nature is revealed by how they treat those they have no reason to be nice to 
is sweet and innocent . No , really , I am ..... Quit Laughing ! ;-) 
Age doesn't make you forgetful . Having way too many stupid things to remember makes you forgetful . 
Sometimes I wish I could go back to the days when I was six and my biggest problem was how to annoy my brother in a new way ;) 
How come people tell you to stay a kid for as long as you can . Yet the moment you do anything childish or immature they tell you to grow up ;) 
Some family trees have beautiful leaves , and some have just a bunch of nuts . Remember , it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking . 
FB IS MESSING AROUND AGAIN !!! Go to the top right of your screen , click Account & then click Edit Friends . Go to the left sideof your screen & click Phonebook . Everyone's phone # is being published . Please repost to let your friends know of this change in security , so that they can remove phone #'s or change their privacy settings . I can see your phone # & so can everyone else . change settings ASAP . 
Right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother . Is holding the hand of a\ 
dying man . Is inserting an IV in a child . Is listening to an \ 
Alzheimer's patient tell a story . And is missing their family while \ 
caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses ... all \ 
... over the world are saving lives . Re-post if you are a ...... nurse , love a \ 
nurse , or appreciate a nurse . 
If you can't laugh at yourself , well , don't worry . I gotcha covered . 
I don't like making plans for the day , because then the word \premeditated\ " gets thrown around in the courtroom . " 
is getting that creepy feeling again ... like I'm being watched ... oh wait it's Wednesday ... Ghost Hunters is on tonight ! gotta watch . 
pushed Humpty Dumpty !! And you thought I was a nice girl !!! Waaaaahahahaaaaaaa !!! 
IM MOBILE 
Has childproofed her home , but their still getting IN ! 
Looking for zoomates :) < PROPMALE > ! 
Question - I bought a flatlands map and not sure what to do with it now lol < PROPMALE > :) 
gotcha thanks for the help :) L 
wow you guys are awesome < PROPMALE > ! :) L 
< PROPMALE > all for your adds and help ! but .... not letting me add anymore zmate friends ... says i have exceeded amount for today and come back tomorrow ... :( 
loves all her friends . So , they lick windows , take the special bus and slap their wrists , they're SPECIAL ! 
5 out of 4 people have trouble with math . and probably won't get this 
Called the credit card company the other day and they said I have \outstanding payments\ " . I said thank you very much . " 
I don't care if you take your time .. just don't take mine with you .. go find the s l o w < PROPFIRST > . 
I fell for you ... because you tripped me 
is getting that creepy feeling again ... like I'm being watched ... oh wait it's Wednesday ... Ghost Hunters is on tonight ! gotta watch 
almost won the lotto . Just missed it with 5 < PROPFIRST > 
Frozen water balloon fights ... not a good idea . 
Working on my bad habit of procrastination ... ummm maybe I'll work on that later . 
Oh My God I stood on a cornflake ... so i guess I'm a cereal killer now 
You gotta know when to hold em , know when to fold em , know when to walk away and know when to run ... 
WARNING if you get a message from me with a link asking to look at my tinned meat DON'T OPEN IT .. its SPAM ! 
thinks < PROPMALE > Gates should have to pay me $20 each time I have to reboot my computer to update Microsoft Windows . 
peoples hearts are not meant to be played with like a yo-yo . Sooner or later that string holding it to you will break and never come back ........ 
I bet a lot of mimes choke to death because nobody believes they're really choking . 
just a sidenote ... when a so called friend lies to you and call you stupid .... i really shouldnt feel bad not talking to them anymore .... you would think .... 
dammit I'm mad is spelled the same way backwards , think about it . 
Don't use a big word when a singularly unloquacious and dimunitive linguistic expression will satisfactorily accomplish the contemporary necessity . 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - means to fear long words ... well isn't that weird 
I wonder ...... in Mexico do you have to press one for Spanish ? 
really ? Just ... really ? 
was once told that life is like a < PROPFEMALE > garden . God seems to pick the best ones . Today that feels true .... in memory aunt kathy ..... :( 
god saw you was getting tired and a recovery was not meant to be so she put her arms around you and whispered come home with me 
is trying to remind myself that death is just a temporary interruption in time with someone - it's not permanent - but it sometimes feels like it . 
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit . - < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
Birthdays are good for your health , it's been proved that people who have the most live the longest . 
They say that 50% of all marriages end in divorce . That's not as bad as it sounds , Considering that the other 50% end in death ! 
says size does matter . I bet you've looked at your TV and wanted a bigger one . 
Huked on fonics werked four me ! 
Here's the best advice I've ever gotten : If you call a psychic and they don't greet you by name , < PROPFEMALE > UP !!! 
I'm only working till i win the lottery 
I'm convinced there is no such thing as a functional family . Every family has a relative they would prefer to keep hidden . If you think your family doesn't have one ... it's YOU . 
To Do List : plow , seed , harvest check , fish fed , check , hit list check , laundry um nope , dishes not yet , floors swept not today , looks like important stuff done 
Blaming crime on a gun is like blaming misspelled words on your pencil . 
I have always been curious as to why there are Braille keypads at the Drive-Up ATM Machines ? Does anyone know ? 
If you've got it , flaunt it . If you don't . PLEASE PUT IT AWAY :| 
I just saw a commercial where every line at Wal-mart was staffed with a cashier . It's amazing what fantasy you can create on television ! 
Is the grass really greener on the other side ? Probably , but you'll still have to mow it and clean up the crap . 
If at first you don't succeed ........ then skydiving definitely isn't for you 
Whoever came up with the saying \Its as easy as taking < PROPFEMALE > from a baby\ " probably never tried to take the < PROPFEMALE > from a baby . It's not that easy . " 
Quick ! Math Test ! there are 83 fish in a tank . 27 drowned . how many fish are left ?............... STOP COUNTING !!!! Fish Cant Drown ! 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > . Ductape is Silver ;) 
you will LOVE this .... had ex call me today , wants to get back together , not a bad guy , a nurse near here , the condition on getting together again ? you will never guess .... i HAD TO PAY HIS BILLS ... omg had to share ! LOSER 
TAKING APPLICATIONS : Knight in shining armor wanted , keep getting losers wrapped in tin foil !! ;) 
they say u should bury the past . but how deep do u have to dig because my ex keeps climbing out of the hole .. lol 
housework would be so much easier with those nifty Jedi powers . 
I have made an executive decision . I am going to lay off my boss and blame it on the economy . [ sorry we just don't have enough work to keep you ] 
Always the same ; too many clowns , not enough circuses 
No soup for you !!! NEXT !!! 
Will my business idea for glass coffins be a success ?.. Remains to be seen ...... 
why is it when you ask someone what the three things they would take with them if they were stranded on a desert island would be , no one ever says a boat ? 
I never start something that I am not going to fi 
< PROPMALE > watches you while you sleep ...... 
If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a \wave\ " is it a \ " ripple \"?" 
Did you know that 2 out of 3 Americans suffer from mental illness ? Think of your two closest friends ... if they are OK , then you're the one with a problem . 
If I won the lottery , I wouldn't be one of those people who immediately quit their jobs . I'd make my boss's life a living hell for a week or two first :) 
If you need a smile ; text me . If you need a laugh ; call me . If you need a hug ; come to my house . If you need money ; this number does not exist 
Aging is inevitable , Maturing is optional . 
Just keep swimming , just keep swimming , swimming , swimming .. what do we do ? we swim , swim ... 
I'm convinced that you can't make everyone happy . So I'll just have to be content to confuse , annoy , and offend all of you . 
Great ! Now the voices in my head have started saying Press 1 if you want to hear this message in English ! 
i am just $ 999,999 away from being a millionaire ! 
another 16 hour shift down .... on to the next .... 
A pharmacy was robbed today , they stole all of the Viagra . The police would like everyone to be on the look out for some hardened criminals . 
Why do I have to grow up ?.. Isn't it enough that I've learned how to behave in public ... 
If the people in movies listened to me they would have lived . 
Thinks that crazy is made of metal and I am an industrial strength magnet . 
Your six years old and you have a cellphone ? Who are you going to call , < PROPFEMALE > ???? 
A recent survey says the first thing men notice about a women are their eyes . And women say the first thing they notice about men is they're a bunch of liars . ;) 
is sure her guardian angel is bipolar . 
Don't you hate it when you die from not passing on chain mail ? 
How much more entertaining life would be if < PROPFEMALE > were instantaneous ! 
Today , someone pointed out to me that the tooth < PROPFEMALE > teaches little kids to sell their body parts for money . 
I work way too much ..... 
wow today is my daughters 5th birthday .... going by fast :) 
Well today was Linnaes first < PROPMALE > E Cheese party , fun but think thats way too crazy to do more than once a year ! and thanks to all who made it by ! 
Hope you all had happy halloween , my < PROPFEMALE > came home with way too much < PROPFEMALE > , but its soooo good lol :) 
Why is it that if you say there's 2 million stars in the universe , people believe you , but if you tell them there is wet paint , they always touch it to make sure ;) 
Why is it that if you say there's 2 million stars in the universe , people believe you but if you tell them there is wet paint , they always touch it to make sure ? :) 
hereby resigns from adulthood . Therefore she doesn't have to make difficult decisions , she can return to playing in the yard , riding her bike and eating < PROPFEMALE > 
I didn't do it yet . I might have done it earlier , and I'm pretty sure I'll do it again tomorrow . So ... yeah i probably did it . :) 
well just had fire department at my house , tree by my porch started sparking on power lines , but did you know that Puget Sound Energy does NOT consider that an emergency ? at least our fire department did lol gotta love those firemen :) 
Last night I turned the stereo all the way up and played a blank tape . The mime next door went nuts . 
I fell for you ... because you tripped me . 
If anybody asks , I was on Facebook all night tonight , okay ? Thanks for having my back , everyone . 
I childproofed my home , but their still getting IN !!! 
The Chicken and Egg are in bed . The Chicken is kicked back smoking . The Egg rolls over annoyed and says : I guess we answered that question ! 
I'm sorry , but due to the cost of energy the light at the end of the tunnel has now been shut off . In it's place you'll find a hyper kid with a glow stick . 
Snow on da ' ground , snow on da ' ground , Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground , look at ya now - car spinnin ' around :) 
Two blondes walk into a building .......... you'd think at least one of them would have seen it ?! 
Don't play stupid with me !... oh , wait , your not playing .... 
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha wait what ??? 
Don't you wish stupid people had a sign they were required to < PROPFEMALE > just to give the rest of us fair warning ? 
If you think you are special , then by all means , get you a helmet and wait for the short bus . 
update for family ..... got a new little cousin on the way tonight .... amber admitted to hospital ...... 
< PROPFIRST > says ... healthy 5 lb baby girl .... mom doing good too :) 
well hope they keep doing good .... keep gettin new updates and not all good :( 
Procrastinators Unite tomorrow . or Thursday . no , Sunday sounds better . or we could wait till Monday , see how that settles with everyone . I'll get back to you . 
the Angel from your right shoulder and the Devil from your left , have been sleeping together for about a year now ... just thought you should know ... 
Size does matter . I bet you've all looked at your TV and wanted a bigger one . 
and in the spirit of ' toons this weekend .... \Be who you are and say what you feel because those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter\ " ~ Dr. Seuss " 
hmmm , go to work or throw myself down the stairs ... go to work or throw myself down the stairs .. tough choice ..... 
Sit down , shut up , hold on tight .. Please keep your opinions to your self until the rides comes to a complete stop at the end of your shift .. Have a great day !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
thinks reality is a nice place but she wouldn't want to live there 
would like to congratulate her co-workers for proving that even the people that lick the windows on the short bus can get a good job !! 
Customer : Is this the real price of this ? Me : No . Sometimes we play a little game called \The price is wrong\ " just to see who complains . " 
BEEP ! BEEP ! YOUR BUS IS HERE ! Grab your helmet and crayons and lets go ! 
I think that when you are trying to explain something to some people , you really need to break it down BARNEY-style for them . 
Are you insinuating that I should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a Lima bean ? 
I survived another day at work with two things ... sarcasm and wit 
I really think that some people shouldn't be allowed to reproduce with out some kind of supervision . I mean it effects all of us . 
coffee , COFFEE , coffee , coffee , coffee , COFFEE , coffee , coffee , COFFEE , COFFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Give me !! 
I think that if everyone were required to work with the public for a year , there would be a lot less A-Holes in the world 
you don't have to be crazy to work where I work . They trained me . 
would love to say to a co-worker \ the tribe Has spoken\ " and\ " you have been voted out of a JOB \"" 
have you ever had a day that changes everything ? sadly , not in a good way , its all different now ..... 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > . Whats your vector < PROPFIRST > ? 
Snowing again :) 
Ignore any posts that say from me about \OMG look at this\ " its crap " 
and thank you < PROPFIRST > ! yes it tried taking over my account , blocked everything and changed password , what a pain for not paying attention to where I was clicking ..... 
Forecast said rain today , of course its snowing like mad out there again .... 
Whoever agreed for me to work back to back doubles after a week of 12 hr shifts should be smacked .... wait , that was me .... damn ..... 
I refuse to talk to naked clowns , they're just not funny . 
Welcome to my profile . Straight jackets are by the wall , meds are in the boxes . Enjoy your stay , and please visit again ! 
The best way to get rid of someone you don't like is to lend them money . 
< PROPMALE > watches u while u sleep ( I am so tired ;) 
I am looking for people interested in time travel . Meet me last Thursday . 
What is awesome about this status is that by the time you realize that its pointless it'll all ready be too late . 
Can I just say working with drama queens is so annoying .... the downside of getting to be their supervisor .... lol 
My work just gave me my employee evaluation with a gift basket , inside was a pistol , rope , pills and bottle of < PROPFIRST > , should I worry or send a Thank You card ? 
If work continues to be the same as it's been lately , I'm gonna have to claim I have Tourette's Syndrome to keep from being officially reprimanded . 
is alive . check tomorrow for another update . 
I have to go to that evil place where they hold my paycheck hostage ! 
If i offend you in any way , please let me know so i can do it again ! 
Yeah ! It's the weekend !.. oh wait , I work weekends , Dammit ! 
I am annoying you with my status updates for one reason and one reason only , because I'm bored and its entertaining me :) 
Do you know that I know that you don't think that I know that you don't know that I know that you think I don't know but I know . You know ? 
How come people tell you to stay a kid for as long as you can . Yet the moment you do anything childish or immature they tell you to grow up . 
I have been to the dark side ... and their cookies SUCK !! 
I love all my friends . So , they lick windows , take the special bus and have to wear a helmet , they're SPECIAL ! 
Could you tell me if this rag smells like chloroform please ? 
I have come to the conclusion that froot-loops are just gay cheerios . ;) 
Remember kids ... Skinny girls freeze to death faster ! 
Happy Mothers Day ! 
Good news ! You can save a bunch of money on child support by switching to condoms ! Just sayin ' ...... 
You can never be afraid of what people think ... a well behaved woman never made history ! 
If a midget came up to me and told me my hair smelled good ... would that be sexual harassment ? Just wondering .... ;) 
I just laugh at CAUTION MEN AT WORK SIGNS .. women work all the time .. men have to put up signs when they work . 
Don't you wish stupid people had a sign they were required to < PROPFEMALE > just to give the rest of us fair warning ? I know I do !!! 
I have been left unsupervised and am bored out of my mind , which usually leads to trouble and other bad things that may happen unexpectedly . 
Watching Glee on Demand today .... it has taught me :\ 
\ 
1 . it's not bisexual , it's bicurious . \ 
2 . babies can be made while making out in a hot tub . \ 
3 . Bad boys fall for big girls . \ 
4 . if you see a gorgeous girl , she's probably had a nose job . \ 
5 . hot ? cheerleeders could possibly be lebanese . \ 
5 . don't stop believing . 
coffee , COFFEE , coffee , coffee , coffee , COFFEE , coffee , coffee , COFFEE , COFFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!! 
In the event of my demise I hope I become a ghost . The list is growing of who i am haunting and it's a tie for who gets it first . 
Don't play stupid with me ... oh , wait , your not playing ..... 
I Need to be out in public . Making friends & having fun , u know ... an alibi . 
I believe too many people have \cranial-rectitus\ " at work . Google it . " 
Going to the store to get some duct tape , rope , a shovel , gloves , trash bags and a large bag of lime ... you'll find out why later ..... ;) 
I can't believe I was late for work tomorrow ! 
Personally I think that Me setting a good example for my child , just takes all the fun out of getting older . 
Live , Laugh , Love . If that doesn't work , Raise , Aim and Fire . 
I wish Facebook would change the relationship status \Single\ " to \ " Independent & Available\ " - It would sound much cooler I think . " 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHH sorry just needed to get that out 
So if anyone knows any good attorneys out there would love the information , there is a certain company that I used to work for that has decided to withhold my pay and when I asked for it they terminated my contract . Time to fight ! 
WOW things maybe looking up ! Have just heard from owner of entire corporation , I think I may have won this ! Its not guaranteed yet , but this is a reason for all to know , ALWAYS fight when you know they are in the wrong ! 
OMG almost just watched a baby almost get hit by a car at Haggen , she left a baby rolling in a cart through the parking lot and it almost got hit , when we found the little hispanic lady ? she tried to leave , I stopped her and called 911 , I can still barely breathe ! 
Thank you so much everyone , you are the best !! :) 
Wow you guys all rock ! thank you so much :) 
I like this one ... Did you know that those who appear to be really Strong , really are the most sensitive ? Did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others , really need someone to protect them ? Did you know that the three things that are hardest to say are : I love you/Sorry/Help me . Put it on your status if you agree 
Hangover 2 , GREAT movie ! 
As a young child my mom told me I could be anybody I wanted to be . Turns out the police call it identity theft . 
Ever notice you are reading someones ' status then realize it was a total waste of time ? Yeah well this is one of them ! 
Never give your all to those who give nothing back . 
It is what it is . ( Unless it isn't ) 
Apparently it's frowned upon to walk into a bank shouting \It's my money and I want it now ! \ " Thanks a lot J.G. Wentworth ! " 
I'll be back in five minutes . If I'm not , read this again .... 
Where would I be without my mother ? Probably in the middle of traffic , without my jacket on , talking to some stranger ..... 
I was going to procrastinate today , but then I decided I'd just do it tomorrow . 
I keep getting this funny feeling that people are reading the things I type here , but maybe I'm just being paranoid . 
