The feeling of gulit only get worse . it will continue to get worse until you complete what is needed and make a mends with your maker ... 

When I was sitting in the cafeteria today I had a flashback to 8th grade and thought I saw someone who I had a cruch on ... then confimed my suspicion that it was < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Wow I thought I was going crazy with numeric nightmares i have been dealing with the last 24hours . Caluclus is what encrypts my brain from thinking stright . 
time to go to work . ooh rah ! 
\Success consists of going from failure to failure without the loss of enthusiasm\ " < PROPMALE > Chruchill " 
Me encanta cuando la gente piensa que no sabe español 
Porque yo entonces hacer < PROPFEMALE > declaración como ésta ... de modo que es lo que piensa de mí , así la próxima vez que se dice en Inglés para que yo pueda entender . 
Ready for the weekend 
I saw some very interesting shoes today made by nike which I thought looked really cool with the purple , pink , black and white coloring toping it off ! Though they look good on a womens feet , sure as hell would not look good on me lol 
Counter Revolutionary Hmm FIGHTING WORDS !! 
\I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance . \ " Socrates \"" 
The improvement of understanding is for two ends : first , our own increase of knowledge ; secondly , to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others . \John Locke \"" 
Getting over the flu . Damn it sucks ! 
Time to go to bed and maybe make it to class and not feel like crap tomorrow :) 
Feeling tired and is going to bed with the hope of a brighter day ! 
Idiocracy seems to be a new policial policy , better yet world policy . Logical thoughts do not exist within the relams of academia . 
3mile run in 21:30 after being sick for a week . damn impressive considering it is only 2min slower than a week ago before i got sick lol 
\The price of freedom is eternal vigilance . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Irony of the day ... Going to the dentist on halloween before trick or treating 
Time for sleep as the morning nears for another wonderful morning of P.T ! 
I , < PROPMALE > L . < PROPMALE > , do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic ; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same ; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me , according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice . So help me God . 
Oh the joys of waiting to find out how one did on an exam 
DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A CHRISOPHER DAVIES AND < PROPFEMALE > DAVIES THEY ARE HACKERS . TELL EVERY 1 ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF SOMEBODY ON YOUR LIST ADDS HIM , HE'LL BE ON YOUR LIST TOO . HE'LL FIGURE OUT UR COMPUTER'S ID AND ADDRESS , SO COPY & PASTE THIS .... 
13-411 . Justification ; use of force in crime prevention ; applicabilityA . A person is justified in threatening or using both physical force and deadly physical force against another if and to the extent the person reasonably believes that physical force or deadly physical force is immediately necessary to prevent the other's commission of arson of an occupied structure under section 13-1704 , 
One more final and it is all over .... 
Replacing my hand guard on my M4 with a Quad rail for extra goodies 
Just finished a movie with a the main part being played by a bunch of ass backwards retarded rednecks who ride dirt bikes claiming the desert is there home when in reality they are a bunch of crackhead hillbillys , \Death Valley \"" 
10 hour at work .... Hm no big deal ! 
Finished working out at the gym , Now to eat lunch and then back to the gym for work . It has been a fine day indeed ! 
Preparing for a math test tomorow ... 
The Jazz Ruled the Blazzers !!! 
What a great day !! Ruled my math exam ! Top that with a 3 mile run ... Now to eat and then off to work ! A fine day indeed :) 
I am going to be wishing I had took it easy tonight in the gym ... I legs feel like lead weights right now ! 
Got a 96% on the calc exam 
What a fine day ... passed my math exam , had a great workout ! and had my computer die on me at work ... Price less 
Great more rain .... we are on pace to have more ran than we have had in the last five years . 
I am still recovering from the Foreigner concert ... Had so much fun that I stayed and for the after party ... I regret the late night because i am paying right now for it lol 
Pain is weakness leaving the body 
Ran four < PROPMALE > today and feel it now .... Lunch sounds good then off to work .. Great day indeed ! 
Time to go to bed and get rest ... 
Feeling great .... Had a great workout day and cut my three mile run down to 19 minutes and increased my < PROPMALE > on bench ! Time to refuel and hydrate ! 
Boozer to Miami ??? Hmm 
If you don't like cops ( or armed citizens ) , the next time you're in danger -- call a hippie ! ( Or a Million Mom Marcher ) 
This week is going to be slower than molasses 
\It is always incorrect to assume you can know what someone's moral convictions are based on their philosophical theories \"" 
Tomorrow I hope will be a better day .... 
Fantastic friday ..... So far 
Night Ranger kicked Ass 
< PROPFEMALE > Was Good .... but I think everyone was so drunk that most of them had passed out or just did not know what the hell they were doing so all was good ... 
Had a great day ... Tomorrow looks like it will be the same :) 
Had the shitist day imagineable and hoping tomorrow brings something better . My luck usally says otherwise and i have worse day than the day before so I dont even know why i even try anymore . Its pointless to care anymore no one shows any apreacation in return . 
Better day today even though we had a monster earthquake and all kinds of crap got broken 
\A Friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway !!! \"" 
Somedays I wake up and think to myself \why do i even wake up ? \ " My answer is i have a purpose on this earth and the purpose is not to complain about things that are out of my hands and live life and not waste time worring about trival things that only make you mad . Tonight i promise myself i am going to live with a purpose greater than myself and live like there is no tomorrow . " 
I formally declare war on society and its pupals . Society wants a war i m bringing the war to it and i dont take prisoners muahaha ! 
My trials and tribulations have led me to believe that one who shows kindness and gives one all their heart may find themselves in a weird predicament where one is unsure and afraid of taking a < PROPMALE > and seeing what the future brings . Without giving one a < PROPMALE > one may find themselves stating “ Wow what a one of a kind and why did I not see the writing on the wall that one was genuine” 
\A true friend is one soul in two bodies . \ " Aristotle " 
Today was a great day ... I feel that life is a unwriten scripture and i am totally excited about the Border Patrol Entrance exam 
One day some girl is gonna break your heart And ooh ain't no pain like from the opposite sex it gonna hurt bad , but don't take it out on the next , Son .... 
Vague and mysterious forms of speech , and abuse of language , have so long passed for mysteries of science ; and hard or misapplied words with little or no meaning have , by prescription , such a right to be mistaken for deep learning and height of speculation , that it will not be easy to persuade either those who speak or those who hear them , that they are but the covers of ignorance and hindrance of true knowledge 
What a great day :) Had a killer workout today ran 3miles and destroyed my abs lol .. Time to refuel and go to work ! 
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled , but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy . 
My number one girl who brings a smile to my face ever moment that i see or hear her my heart tingles with joy , She brings such joy to my life < 8 
I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing . 
Can't wait to watch the lakers and the thunder play tonight !! It should prove to be an interesting game 
Glad to see the bulls beat the Cavs < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is such a chump . 
Don't ever dare to take your college as a matter of course - because , like democracy and freedom , many people you'll never know have broken their hearts to get it for you . 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . ? 
Today or better yet yesterday I made the decision that I am going to move out for the sake of sanity and peace of mind , Already got an apartment in line and can't wait til the time comes and the best part no room mate :) 
Ready for math test just have to wait in the mean time 
Hope i did well on my math test , The three mile run helped elevate the stress of the week so all is good . 
\Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity . \ " Aristotle " 
Have you ever had to love someone that just don't feel the same ? Trying to make somebody care for you the way I do is like trying to catch the rain And if love is really for ever I am a winner at a losing game 
\Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. " 
[ I]'m gonna give you three seconds -- exactly three fu**ing seconds -- to wipe that stupid lookin ' grin off your face , or I will gouge out your eyeballs and skull fu ** you ! 
In everyone's life , at some time , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being . We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit . 
Feeling good today , Nothing is going to stop me ! 
I have always been amazed at the way an ordinary observer lends so much more credence and attaches so much more importance to waking events than to those occurring in dreams ... Man ... is above all the plaything of his memory . 
\Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand . \ " St < PROPFIRST > Aquinas " 
22 days until my birthday :) damn were does the time go ? 
\A friend is one who believes in you when you have ceased to believe in yourself . \"" 
Going to workout be back in 59mins 
Feeling good after a great workout with the defenders of < PROPFEMALE > :) 
“To be your friend was all I ever wanted ; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed . ” 
What a great day ..... Movie was great :) 
Many a person has held close , throughout their\ 
entire lives , two friends that always remained strange to one another , \ 
because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity , the other by\ 
difference . 
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew . 
Happy Mother's Day !!! Today is a fresh start and had a wonderful night's sleep .... time to go get a new phone .... And the day is early so who knows what could be in store .. :) 
I am praying for a miricle ...... 
Time for P.T 
Cleaning ...... Hmm 
Two more days Yeaaaa ! 
Yea got my new phone it is sweet ....... :) 
Life is full of challenges .... Some will be very diffiuclt to overcome but one must push on and continue because failure is not an option ...... 
\Be true to yourself and fallow your heart however weird it seems ... Through trials and tribulation u shall be rewarded someone truly amazing \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Las Vegas 
Dentist are always wonderful to visit 
