Picked all my classes for the fall and am going to be a bio < PROPMALE > 

Just because her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry . And just because she comes off strong , doesn't mean there's nothing wrong . -Anonymous 
Band interferes with my life in strange and unusual ways ... and I'm not even there anymore ! 
Cool as a cucumber 
Writing one of my stories , sitting back , and getting a little sun . It's great that I don't burn and can only get darker . 
Doesn't know how to upload pics and is starting to get frustrated . Can anyone help me ? 
I want to go and do something but it's too late tonight and I don't have time tomorrow ... life kinda sucks . 
Guys suck but thats life , you cant live with them and the rest of us wont survive without them . Oh well . 
Thinking about the best time to visit the band next week . 
Is extremely bored . 
Thinking of how weird it is to not be going to band camp . I promise I'll visit soon though :-) . 
I went to see the freshmen today ! They play very well but there is room for improvement . It was nice seeing those of you who were there . I'll see the rest of you next time ;-) . 
The band was very good this evening . I am very proud of all of them . Go low brass for winning the artichoke and go trumpets for getting the per capita . Cant wait to see the whole show , keep up the good work ! 
Just made pudding ! 
Last Day of Summer(for me at least ) . So did anyone do anything fun ? I went shopping and to an anime convention . 
Had a good second day of collage I really like all of my professors . 
is extremely tired and wants to go to sleep right now but has chem HW to finish 
Wondering about how everyone is doing . I kinda fell of the planet recently and just got back so I'm not sure what's going on anymore . 
I wondering why nobody from ckm talks to her anymore :( 
My computer is fixing what i write and leaving out letters here and there so im trying to be extra careful when typing . 
trying to finish a paper before going to watch the oakmont field shows . Go McClatchy ! 
The McClatchy Marching Lions were great tonight and I enjoyed watching the show they have put together thus far . Keep up the good work guys ! Catch you next time ;) 
is getting ready to go to a Hawaiian wedding and wishes her trumpets and the C.K McClatchy a good show tonight since she has to miss it . 
just got back from watching Paranormal Activity . The ending was really scary ! 
loves it when you don't know what your doing but still do better than people who knew what they were doing :D 
Congratz to CK MacClatchy Marching Lions onyour first place victory and to the percussion and DM < PROPMALE > for your victories also ! The show was great and you guys rocked ! Good Job ! 
I feel very behind in relation to my friends and whats been going on . Where in the world have I been anyway to have missed so much ? 
is dyeing . 
I hate life . 
Great now I'm sick on top of everything else . This is definitely looking to be a great start , not . 
Bored , I want to go out and do something , anything , but I need to save my money for my books for class and everyone seems busy :( 
Life sucks . No matter what you do to make things better for those around you or for yourself things always get ruined and you end up at the bottom . Thats the story of my life and Im tired of repeating it over and over again . 
got to see a pre-release of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland last night ! It was amazing and I suggest if you have the money it is worth seeing in IMAX 3D ! That was probably the best part :D besides < PROPFIRST > Depp ;) 
Happy to have finished my first story and having reached 120 reviews ! Now I need to go back and fix a ton of stuff >:-P 
I'm really happy , excited , elated , joyful , < PROPFEMALE > , glad , delighted , enraptured , cheerful , exhilarated , pleased , gratified , ecstatic , overjoyed , exuberant , jubilant rollicking , thrilled , bubbling over , and smiling XD !!! 
Even happier now ?! 
huh ... 
I got a new phone ! Finally ! So I don't have anyone's < PROPFIRST > and if you want me to you should send it to me . 
Going downtown to see Clash of the Titans 
Happy Easter everyone ! ^-^ 
Wants to slap the guy acting like a professor at the front of the room . 
Is Bored 
Ready to destroy the bio exam this morning ! 
Anticipating what will come after class at the scholarship banquet , I don't know what's going on for once ! Ah !!! 
A lot of older people are actually quite nice and I have found inquisical about what we ( the younger adults ) think , feel , aspire to , an plan for ourselves . But perhapse it is just me that feels this way and perhapse those I have met that do this . 
Is reading The Tempest by : < PROPFIRST > Shakespear . 
Tired and happy it is Wednesday . 
One more class and I am home free for my long weekend . 
Count down : 12 days of class left or 4 weeks or 8 MW classes and 12 MWF classes or 8 more days of Brit lit and shakespear and 12 more days of bio and coms . 
Relaxing now that I'm back from spending the afternoon with Gabby . 
Six little girls , ages 2-7 , are a handful . Trust me . 
\All women are princesses . It is our right . \ " - Indian woman from ' The Little < PROPFEMALE>' " 
It's sad when you find that your reality was a fantasy and those nightmares were the true reality . 
Loves the rain :) 
Is over at tupelo coffe house having a mocha Thai . It's amazing ! :D 
Going to sit outside of my class since I'm early and the other class is still in there . 
Hates comunications class , never again ! 
Ok I need some opinions , why should people read and why don't people read more often ? This is for a speech I have to do and I need normal peoples opinions . 
For those of you who don't read that often , why don't you ? Also what things prevent you from reading in general ? Do you think there any negative effects of reading or not reading ? Please I need feedback for an assignment . 
I get to sign up for classes now for fall semester ! I am going to take French 1a , English 20 , English 30a , English 50a , and history 146a . If they let me get a extra unit waver in June then I'll be taking gov 150 also . I am so happy all my classes are open still ! 
Got into all my classes :D I have to wait for the unit cap to be removed to get into the other two I want to take . 
Somtimes the hardest thing to do is say good bye , other times it's saying good bye but still seeing the person(s ) and having to continue to face them . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies !!! We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you and we wouldn't have grown up to be who we have become . Thank you ! 
Studying for my finals tomorrow :P 
Going to get some sleep . finals beat you to death and always end up easier than you anticipate . I believe I did well . 
Shit happens and then you die . So get over any greivances so you can live your life to the fullest today . It's a lot better than staying mad and bringing yourself down or worrying about it . - < PROPFEMALE > 
What to do my first sunday off .... hmmm .... it's nice to not have to worry about class anymore ^-^ 
B 
I am in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! My first full day it's on it's way and we are having a blast so far ! We saw the sea lions yesturday and the Winchester house . 
Went to Monterey and we had a really bad time sadly . Tons of disrespectful , loud , bad mannered kids running around the aquarium and it was in the morning too ! Then we had bad service at gillberts , it came recomended though for it's clam chowder and that was almost worth the bad service ... Almost . 
We had fun in san fransico , went to pier 39 , the warf , and little japan . < PROPFIRST > finally got to eat narutos . It was nice and a good end to a great vacation . 
Is Relaxing and reading the 6th book in my summer reading list of 55 . Go me ! 
People are difficult to understand , please , and get along with . Now that THAT has been said , emotions are harder to understand . More difficult to control . Plus to make it more impossible they are harder to accept and learn to live with . So if I could I would loose the capasity to feel ( emotionally ) right about now . 
Things tend to work out in the oddest of ways , one can just hope that it is for the best and make sure to go in a direction that enables them to live without regrets . - < PROPFEMALE > Pina 
Ok now to who the true friends are : Pepsi or Coke ? 
Going swimming and then to second Saturday . Fun ! 
Life is complicated . 
I must be a bitch or something with the way some people act around me . Damn I know I can be one sometimes but seriously ? 
Going to the state fair ! It's going to be fun fun fun ! :D 
You never know a person until you have seen them at their worst and their best . Sometimes you can live with the worst and accept it other times it hurts us and then other times it also scares us . Sometimes accepting the other part is the hardest thing to do and may not be the right thing to do . 
Anime is food for the heart and soul and also for the ravenous fan girl XD 
“Naturally\ 
the common people don't want war ; neither in Russia , nor in England , \ 
nor in < PROPFEMALE > , nor in Germany . That is understood . But after all , it is\ 
the leaders of the country who determine policy , and it is always a \ 
simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy , or a \ 
fascist dictatorship , or a parliament , or a communist dictatorship . 
is thinking about doing Mandarins . Any suggestions ? Comments ? Naysayers ? 
thinks she shall go swimming / \\_/ \\ 
IM GETTING A PUPPY !!!! 
IM GOING TO PICK UP MY PUPPY TODAY !!!! Its a little pekingese boy and he is the cutest thing since clouds . 
And Pluto are relaxing after playing for the morning . :D 
My dog sounds like a demon . I feel bad that he needs to be in a kennel but it is necessary . 
I hate the long days(Monday & wednesday ) I have to leave Pluto with my dad from 8-7 . Well at least it's only twice a week . 
If only all my classes got out 10 < PROPFEMALE > early then I would have 20 < PROPFEMALE > breaks between . 
Last class ! Go go go ! 
Just watched ' letters to < PROPFEMALE>' it made me cry . It was one of the best love stories I've seen in a long time . \it's never too late for love \"" 
Ok I am done having 120 friends . I know all of you but really . I do not know if I want that many . It is definitely more than I talk to or who talk to me . So if you want to stay friends either comment or like this and you wont be terminated to acquaintance ? They should expand upon this a bit more , like Friends , Family , Business , Acquaintances . 
\I don't want to survive ! I want to live . \"" 
Relaxing after taking my first exam of the semester . 
Waiting for class to start so I can hurry and get the day over . Lol . It usually takes longer than this for me to start wanting school to end . 
French is hard to speak apparently but easy to write except it's the opposite for me . 
Guess who is officially in the sac state marching band ? ME !!! 
Pluto's getting his last round of shots , so in two weeks he can go for real walks and to new places . I love my little boy . 
Going to get PIE !!! 
Coconut cream pie is amazing ! 
So if I say banana you say ? 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to perform at the boardwalk ! 
I love the rain . I think I shall go dance in it ! XD 
Another boring class of American literature . I wish it was half as interesting as British lit was :( 
Got a B+ on my lit mid term ! 
Today feels like a weird day . I don't want to do much of anything but I have a mid term so ya . I also feel like I have lost something . 
Tired but I got that paper done ! 
Going to the woodland cornmaze tonight ! Doing the haunted run :) 
Et < PROPFEMALE > moment se sentait comme , comment < PROPFEMALE > dirai-je , comme < PROPFEMALE > goût de paradis . 
It's my dads birthday , so I have to make a cake ... I don't know what type to make though since I don't have everything to make < PROPMALE > chocolate ( his favorite ) . Any suggestions or ideas ? 
Football game and then Folsom show . Let's do this ! 
Don't you just love those days where everything is going to hell and your just life FML ? Ya me too . 
And we begin yet another boring day with a test . Joy . 
Going to causeway classic and the bands going to do the show . Hopefully it doesn't rain too bad . Let's go sac state !!! 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there shouldbe no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
Hey so I have a few weeks until my birthday and I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas on what I should do and if you would want to come . 
I really hate having nightmares every night because my life sucks . I try during the day to forget and not deal with it but every night it's the same . FML 
What is up with my luck lately ? I didn't do anything to deserve this bad luck streak . 
Oh ya . I am so not having any good luck lately . I wish I could just hold up in my room for a while and forget the world around me . 
I am so tired . I just want to go back to sleep but I have to study for my final . Grrr .... well the sooner I get done the sooner I can sleep :) 
Ah , my first jury duty . 
Someone or something is trying to kill me ! 
Lots of sleep , soup , and keeping warm . I shall decimate this bug ! 
Ah the good old days of playing the PS , N64 , Sega Gen , GB , and X-Box .... Time to relive it and get my gaming on !!!! 
I hate being sick :( I can't seem to shake this cough and it's been 2 weeks 
I need a real hand and ear right now . I need to know what the point is . Does hearing the bad in my life really make it so no one wants to listen or comfort me ? Am I such a bad friend that when I need one no one answers ? What's the point ? I can't do any of this anymore . Please .... 
Thank you to those who reached out to me in my time of need . I am truly blesses to have you in my life . I trust god to help me get through this and I know now that I have the support of friends and family now . I know that I can get through this now . 
Dancing has become one of my new passions . I have only ever felt this type of ecstasy when writing or playing an instrument . I truly do love the arts . 
Got a DSi !!! 
In pain ... must sleep ... ugh ... but I can't get comfy ... well at least I can't feel my legs right now .... 
We make decisions ( good and bad ) , we inflict and experience pain , we enjoy life , we hate life , in the end it doesn't matter another day ends and everything goes on . 
Feeling a lot better . Finally getting over this phenomena since I got diagnosed and got the meds for it . 
Just finished going over my fiction assignment . I hope it goes over well with my classmates . 
is in serious pain ! 
OK now here is a serious question : How do you know the guy you are with is the one and that you are not just settling ? \ 
Now before people get mad or anything I am only asking because I have been talking to a lot of guys lately and they keep questioning me and my relationship and now I have been questioned by a professor so its starting to bug me that I don't seem to have an adequate answer or retort . 
Tired ... but I have to write comments on peoples assignments still ... FML 
When you see a rain cloud get ready to dance in the rain ! 
I'm so board . I guess I will start the reading for next week so I have something to do . I am unmotivated to write right now so there isn't much of a choice . If anyone sees my muse running around tell her that she needs to get back to work ! 
researching content for my next paper . Always to be ahead and play later than waste time now and rush to get things done later . :-/ 
So I think I am going to join the peace corps after I graduate , it has not been decided for sure but I will probably know for sure after I figure out where I want to go and after the orientation . 
Ok so I have contacted the recruitment officer . I look forward to going to the general meeting next month to find out more about what I will be able to do and go . I plan to stick with this and I am happy that I have the support of my family and friends . I love you guys ! 
Spring please start already , these flowers need your warmth to awaken them back to the world , these people need the birds song to lift their chilled spirits , and I need the life you bring for my own . 
I want to go out .... 
Well I just finished the first part of my epic sci-fi horror story . Hit me up if you want to read what I got so far . :) 
Off to sleep , I had a very long day . 
Oh how I wish break would hurry up and get here ! 
Why do people who claim to be adults attend college and act like children ? I pay to go to class and learn not to attend a daycare facility ! 
Mmm ... North African Mint Tea and edamame ^-^ 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I love how every time I give an inch people have to go and try to steal a couple feet ! 
Uh ... I feel so sick ... I dont think I will be able to go to my dance class :( 
good nap , good food , and warmth makes me feel all better . I am so happy that I reacted quickly to what could have turned into a miserable situation . 
I'm done . 
Ok to make a cup of coffee or to make a cup of tea ... decisions decisions ... 
It's never that easy , even in fairy-tales . \ 
\ 
The beast almost dies before beauty tells him how much she loves him . \ 
The mermaid almost dies before the < PROPMALE > realizes his mistake . \ 
And sleeping beauty is locked away with many obstacles for her < PROPMALE > . \ 
It's never easy for them but they are still able to conquer all with LOVE . 
Everyone in the human race is a masochist , we seek love and want it for ourselves and in going after it and achieving it we hurt ourselves and go through hell . Is that's not masochism then I don't know what is . 
Every part of my body , from my heart to my feet , is heavy with one emotion or another . I think I would be weighed down enough to actually walk on the < PROPFEMALE > and not bounce . :( 
Waiting so I can feel a bit better and not so alone 
Ok much better now . I am going to sleep . It seems much later than it is . 
Another day , I'm so tired of this but I have to go . At least I only have four more days of class ( m-th ) and then I have a break :\\ 
My phone is back on if anyone cares . 
I guess sometimes when we do something to others and it hurts them ( even if its not on purpose ) , we deserve the same and tend to receive it . If I knew that the pain was that bad I wouldn't have caused it , but I guess I have to keep strong and keep moving on . 
\Remember your eyes are blind and can't see what you're really looking at . \ " \ 
I hate being ignored . I feel like I don't mean anything or like certain people don't care when they ignore me . I mean seriously , how can you say you love someone then not listen to them or talk to them ? 
What's the point ? Life sucks , my relationships suck , school sucks , everything sucks . I can't do anything right , I'm a horrible person , I am too critical , I am mean and angry , and I am no good for anyone . I guess I don't deserve anyones love after all and deserve to be by myself :'( 
Men . Can't live with them or anything else for that matter and can't have children without them . Damn me for wanting to be a mother someday :P 
My life is like an f-ing soap opera ! Who the hell is writing this script anyways ?!?!?! Well I'm going to find ' em , get rid of ' em , and start writing it myself because I'm not doing ' this ' anymore . 
Is it really almost eight ? Ugh I have to revise this paper so I can turn it in and just chill over break ... well no time like the present . 
Oh ya ! Just finished revising my paper and added a whole 3 pages to it so its now at the limit of 10 pages ! XD 
Life sucks ... I want a re-do ... 
No one will get this right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___ /___ , who's the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________and my moms name__________ ! !! Put this as your status and see who knows you ...... best ... do you really know me ???? 
Pickles are awesome ! 
I want to go on vacation again ... tropics ... snow ... hmmm ..... 
Don't you just love those days where you feel like you have already done and accomplished a lot but you are only halfway through ? Still have 2 classes , to go to the gym , and I have a game I have to do this evening . Well wish me luck ! ^-^ 
