Happy 2010 to all !!! 

Enjoying the hot summer weather and looking forward to my end of summer vacation .... 
Gutted my bathroom this weekend . Tonite just relaxing with some gametime . 
The NY Giants Rock !!! 
Wow just caught up with an old Army < PROPMALE > ... How cool is it to reconnect ? :) 
Catching up with old friends and updating the 1987 class site ... 
Happy new year everyone !!!! 
Waiting for some info on a new place ... fingers crossed ... 
Appendicitis is no joke . I have a new appreciation for a hot AP . Never had so much pain in my life . Thank god for laporoscopy cause I am back home in under 24 hrs . 
Feeling much better . Thanks to everyone for the well wishes ! 
Feeling good today . looking forward to a relaxing evening out . 
Mentally draining day .. 
Thank you Every one for the Birthday Wishes !!!! 
Tangled within instability creeping thoughts of insanity ; Fight within continues to grow , knocking out true reality . 
So young and so innocent - children are amazing Care free yet compassionate and kind- children are amazing From birth to walking and finally speaking '' Dada''- children are amazing Enthusiastic at day , pristine at night- children are amazing 
Another wonderful day . Good weather , good friends , good times . Awesome . 
The egg hunt is on !! 80 eggs , 2 Stories of searching . < PROPFEMALE > is so excited . 
Off to see Clash of the Titans in 3D with all 3 kids this afternoon . Will be nice end to a great weekend . 
Looking forward to a quiet Monday evening after a busy Easter weekend . 
Debating politics and talking bout life with FB friends . Thanks for all of you being out there . :)) 
Spending a lazy sunday at my brother < PROPFIRST>'s beachhouse . Too relaxing ..... 
Waukesha .... A great place to spend a Sunday 
Congratz on you red belt < PROPMALE > !! 
Nothin better than pizza outside at Little Vincents . 
TGIF . I hope the weekend has nice weather so I can enjoy some nice outdoor time with Nik and Dyl ... 
Dinner at Applebes with my Mom , < PROPMALE > and the kids ... Tasty . 
Sleeping late , egg sandwich with pepper < PROPFIRST > cheese and sausage for me , scrambles & sausage for Nik & Dyl , running around the back yard playing missile tag , watching the kids team up to make a big chalk drawing on the driveway .... It's all good 
All in all a very nice weekend . Hopefully this week is the week I finally close on my condo .... fingers crossed .... 
Happy 8th birthday my dearest < PROPFEMALE > !! 
It's party spa day for < PROPFEMALE > and the girl crew ! 
Off to do a condo walkthrough and then a closing .. Should be a good day . :) 
Hot wings are gooooood ..... 
I am once again a homeowner .... What a stress relief . 
Time to head out and celebrate a bit . :) 
It looks like the weather is shaping up to make for a really nice day to move tomorrow . Awesome . 
Little Vincents Pizza , some time at the park . What nice evening weather to start a weekend with Nik & Dyl . 
MOVING DAY !!!!!!!! SA-WEET !!!! 
Buh-Bye Coram ! 
Life is quite the ride . Thrilling , exasperating , joyous , painful , awesome , scary , satisfying ... What a rush when you experience it all in single month . 
TGIF .... nothing else to say . 
... wondering whether I should or shouldn't go to karaoke tonite ... 
Dental work suks ... 
TGIF ... Time to kick back and enjoy a little . Good friends , good food , good conversation . What more does anyone need ? 
Sat afternoon and just kickin back on the deck enjoying the nice weather . 
It's a Keehn kinda day . Burgers , then golf then dinner at the wharf in Greenport . Rockin F'in day . 
Oh why oh why can't the pool be open yet ? Today is just right for a swim . 
Silence is golden .... duct tape is silver 
Caught 2 Blues so far . Really hoping to hook one for < PROPMALE > to reel in . But he's a proud boy . Wants to do everything himself . Gotta love him ! 
Oh did I mention with < PROPFEMALE > on a sleepover it's Mens night out . < PROPMALE > and I are having a blast .! 
So < PROPMALE > puts a chewed up yellow skittle on the hook and catches a nice bluefish on the next cast . No help from me at all . Just Awesome ..... 
Shot a 109 at Indian Island today . Had a complete blast ! 
Let the vacationing begin ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Vacations go far to fast ! 
I'm really getting used to spending weekends at the pool when I have the kids . Feels like a vacation without leaving home . :) 
So it's wednesday . Just another average workday . I think I'll go take a swim in the pool and make it above average . 
The weekend can't come fast enough . 
Just enjoyed the nicest lunch I have had in a long time . I've contracted an intractable case of the smiles . :)) 
Ahhh ... Independence day . I thank God today for allowing me to be born in the nation that holds freedom in higher regard than any other place on the planet . Independence also holds a more personal note for me today as well and for it I am also glad . 
On a different note ... Yummy is my new favorite word . 
Getting kids then hitting the pool .... Gonna be a hot one from what I can tell . 
Pool is packed . Kids having a blast ! 
It may be Tuesday but I have Wednesday on the brain ... 
Ahhh ... Wednesday . Looking forward to an enjoyable evening . Is is 5 oclock yet ? :) 
is content and happy . 
Cloud 9 ??? .... As if ... I am a Spinal Tap kid ... My cloud goes to 11 . :) 
A quarter to 8 and the kids and i are swimming . Gotta love the summer ! 
Child moment of wisdom of the day :\ 
\ 
Dylan : Peas are little green balls of terror !!!! 
Vacation starts now !!!!! 
Rain ... Blah ! Ruined my swimming plans . Fingers crossed that tomorrow is nicer . :) 
It's Comedy Club nite ! :) 
My face still hurts from smiling last night . To the bouncers out there who don't let people take shoes off .... \Screw you !!! \"" 
Nik at a party . Me and < PROPMALE > on \Man Time \"" 
Why do I wake up earlier when I am on vacation then I do when I am working ?.... 
Hmmm ... Maybe a nap is in order . 
The rain won't get me down today . :) 
Steak , Smores , Snuggling , and really good company .. Last night was enjoyable . :D 
Last day of 1st summer vacation with kids . Next up is Florida in August ! Just have to nurse < PROPFEMALE > back to health from swimmer's ear and a lil URI . Guess it's the price you pay for so much swimming . Well worth it . :) 
Beautiful day for swimming . Kids having fun with their buddies . :) 
Had an Awesome week with the kids .... but in 2hrs \Daddy\ " < PROPMALE > is off duty till Monday . " 
Last day of vacation ... Boo ! Gonna end it with some Fluke fishin on the Bob-O tonite with some really good company . Fingers crossed for some keepers to stock the Fridge with . 
No keepers but no complaints here . Caught a bunch of fish and had a ton of laughs , saw a great sunset and fed some brave seagulls by hand ! Couldn't think of a better way to wrap up a vacation ! 
Doctors with a Blackberry , E-prescribe , and who just generally awesome are good to know . Hopefully my sinuses clear up soon . 
Fighting to keep a smile and a cheery outlook until these antibiotics kick in ... 
Time for a nice beach walk tonite ... Can't wait . :) 
It's all good . 
It's even better .. 
TGIF . And a beautiful one it is . 
Had a wonderful day hiking in Stonybrook , an awesome BBQ din din and some well deserved and relaxing couch ZZZs . 
Coffee on the patio with < PROPFEMALE > . :) Looks to be an outstanding day ! 
is wiped out from a busy , fun , enjoyable weekend . 
One more day till Vegas ... 
Laughin , learning and lovin in Vegas . Too fun for words . :) 
13 hours of NY to pickup my babies and then a Sunday flight to Florida ! Was 110 in Vegas so Florida will be a walk in the park . 
Back in Jet Blue terminal ... < PROPFEMALE > Florida here we come ! 
Exhausting but fun 1st day in Fla . Nothing like crusing 192 in a convertible Mustang . :) 
Wake up call at Summer bay's kids water park . :) 
110 and dry versus 85 and 100% humid . Flip a coin , equally uncomfortable . Good thing is I don't have to work outside in either . :) 
It's slime making time at the activity center ! Gooey ! 
Kids are tiring .... Wish I was one . Unlimited energy .... 
Need .... Coffee ... 
Just finished Jet-Skiing with Nik and Dyl . What a blast ! 
Epcot today . Have never been . Hope it's good . 
Epcot was surprisingly good ! Tuckered out now . 
We fished the Gulf of Mexico down near Ft . Myers today with my brother and had a complete blast ! Kids passed out cold on the ride back to < PROPMALE > . 
Day off ... To tired for anything < PROPMALE > . 
Heading to Blizzard Beach ! Should be loads of wet fun ! 
Amazing weather again . We are having the best luck ! No rain all day at Blizzard Beach . So much fun !! 
NY bound very shortly ! 
Back to work and the daily routine .... Need a vacation from my vacation . LOL 
Broadway with my girl ! :) 
Hanging with my Mom . She looks great ! Gonna get her a FB < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
It's all one big Jedi mind trick ... 
Angels do exist . 
Ahhhhhh ... Gotta love when the wekend arrives . 
Had a wonderful time re-connecting with family last night . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > . 
TGIF . Lookin forward to the promised nice weekend weather . 
Had an awesome week of family , friends , fun , & football . Back to the daily grind today .. 
Fantasy Football Draft night ... Bring it on !!!! 
Today marks two of the best months of my life . Love ya T ! 
SpongeBob opposite day has a whole new meaning ... lol 
Wow ... tired just hit me like a speeding train ... 
Ahhhhh humpday , how I love thee .. 
Remember . 
Are You ready for some Football !!!!!?????? 
Big Blue - Lame Green .... :) 
Coffee , Tea , eggs . Best way to start the day . :) 
Busy fun weekend is about to commence . :) 
Freedom Rocks concert in Southold is rockin !!!!! 
After a great night out with the kids and T it's football morning !! Go Paulie ! Go NY Giants !!! 
Fresh off an awesome weekend . Ready to face the work week . 
Some days just suck .... 
is killin time while < PROPFEMALE > does gymnastics 
Such a great weekend ! Only dim spot was a Big Blue loss ... :( 
Had a great time out at the Pindar Harvest Festival with < PROPFEMALE > and all the kids ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesn't post on Facebook , he posts books on your face .... 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for 3 very happy months ! Love you ! 
Life = 10% action ... 90% reaction 
Hurry up and wait .... Thought this stopped when I got out of the Army .... Apprently not . 
Football sunday !! Better yet is that I get to spend it on the couch with < PROPFEMALE > !!! Awesome ! 
Monday , Monday .... 
Relief ... $weet relief . 
Good day for pumpkin picking !! 
I am so ready for a weekend with the best lady on the planet . :) 
Watchin my son do Tae Kwon Do . Can't believe how fast he has grown up . Where does the time go ? 
Sat mornin kid-tivities . I would like to take this opportunity to thank God for creating the coffee bean and thank the individual who figured that brewing a bean drink for breakfast was a good idea . 
Happy Halloween everyone !!! 
Go red team !!! Remember to do your patriotic duty and vote !! 
4 months . Not only has the magic not faded it has gotten more magical each day . Love you T !!! 
I feel good .... ( Queue < PROPFIRST > Brown Music ) ... 
Work ... work .... work .. 
New Paltz on the brain .... 
< 24 hrs till it's time to road trip it . 
I'm seriously ready for some hiking . 
My legs are reminding me how much I walked this weekend . Was such an awesome weekend I don't mind being reminded . 
Had such a fun turkey day !!! 
Dear God :\ 
Please let the Giants win today . Thanks . 
Is it Friday yet !!?? 
Rain rain , go away if not today then Saturday . 
Looking forward to a nice peaceful weekend . 
Recovering from an awesome night . Oh and subway stalked lady .... leave us alone !!!! 
Football !!!!!! 
I love NY Giant football . 
Snow flurries this a.m. Love it ! 
Big Green Bummer ... Must suck to be a Jets fan today . 
Laundry sucks worse than a Jets-Pats game 
When will I start feeling a little better ? Grrrr Dang cold . 
Dear G :\ 
Thanks for granting my lady some Christmas cheer today . 
The NY Giants have just scored more touchdown on one drive than the NY Jets have in 2 games . 
It's so cold today the Jets coach tripped < PROPMALE > Roker - < PROPMALE > Letterman 
So my daughter says this to me tonight , \Seems like forever since I was a baby . Can't even believe I was a baby . I feel like I have been a kid my whole life . \"" 
While playing scrabble T says to me .. \Well I thought it was a lower case L\ " .... LOL " 
NY giants game today . Hope my presence at the game will help pull big blue through !!! 
It ' s a good day to ne a Giants fan !!! 
Freaking heart breaking loss .... 
Vacation begins in 3 hours . No work til < PROPFIRST > 3rd ..... Woot ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to one and all !!! 
It's days like today that make paying my condo association fees so WORTH it ! Didn't even have to touch a shovel . :) 
Good day for sledding !!!! 
Only in the NFC East can you be 10-6 and miss the playoffs ... total suckage . 
Humpday ... nuff said 
Let's go snow !!!! I am so ready for some more sledding !!! 
Seahawks winning ..... interesting .... 
Jets looking good !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is walking the talk ... 
