Wow , 2011 already ... 2010 just seemed to fly by , amazing how the older you get , the faster time seems to go 

just finished working out for the first time in a while ... but it feels good to be workin out again 
Its waaaaaay to early for school , wakng up at 6 makes for a grumpy < PROPFIRST > haha 
So pretty much I just slept through my alarm and missed my engilsh class , i knew i never should have taken a class that starts at 7 haha 
i finally just finished my essay , and its probably the worst essay ive written in my life haha , oh well ... im not looking forward to 2mrw , waking up at 630 in the morning makes me unhappy :/ 
That essay absolutely sucked to write ... 5 < PROPFEMALE > research paper finally done ... took all damn day lol 
Just beat the first metal gear solid , one out of the four done , metal gear solid 2 up next haha 
so pretty much my phone just broke n i have to use my piece o crap old one till i have enough for a new phone ... not fun at all 
gotta love waking up at 2 in the afternoon 
as much as i hate to admit it , eclipse was a semi decent movie 
goodbye samsung impression , hello iPhone 3GS :) 
It's way too hot right now , especially since my car doesn't have a/c 
So the padres lost :/ ... but thanks to a lil kid , I got a coupon for two free < PROPFIRST > in the box tacos for going to the game 
Aztecs whooping that ass ... 47 to 0 .... AWESOME !!!!! Too bad it will probably be one of the few wins they have this season :/ 
SDSU , you broke my heart :( You had it won , n gave it up in the last minute , but at least you held your own against a fairly big name school 
Calc 3 exam = sad < PROPFIRST > :/ 
Nothing like getting offered weed while walking to ur car downtown haha 
Well my physics class was cancelled , looks like I drove down to cuyamaca for no reason :/ 
SDSU , could you have played any worse ??? You guys were sooooooooooo much better than BYU and u guys lost 
I think just pushed away the most important person in my life 
Pretty good night at Barona , won a nice $265 
Be like water 
just bought a 160 gig hard drive to upgrade my ps3 ... does that make me a video game nerd ?? 
Being sick+having to stay up late studying = a pissed < PROPFIRST > 
hard drive came :D 
Working a casino party for the chargers , so far quetin jammer , < PROPMALE > hardwick , and norv turner have come to my table and philp rivers just walked past me while I was typing this ... freaking awesome !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !!!!!! 
Today was a good day ... golfing with my dad n bro at barona , hit up the buffet after golf , n then did a lil gambling after where I won 40 dollars :) 
Ur all just jealous cuz the voices in my head only talk to me 
Dj gay is sooo freaking clutch for sdsu ... another game winning shot for him !!! 
