We had good time with friends ringing in the new year ! I am paying for it today , LOL ! 

Up and moving , feeling better than yesterday ! I am getting too old for all of that , can't keep up with the younger crowd anymore !! Sure is fun trying though ... LOL !! 
Sunday already ... where did the weekend go ? Back to work tomorrow , have to do laundry and get prepared for the week to come . 
is getting ready to go to bed ... got to get up for church tomorrow . I have definately enjoyed this long weekend with my family , sure hate that it is winding down !! 
is sooooo hating that this long weekend has come to an end ... it was sooooo nice spending this time with my family !!! Back to work tomorrow , got to go to bed ! 
is worn out !!! It is always hard to get back into the swing of things after a long weekend and it was a Monday too !! 
is home from work and ready to relax ! I have < PROPFEMALE > doing homework , < PROPFIRST > giving the scoop from Pop's doctor visit today . It sure is nice to have him home tonight , I miss him when he is gone !!! 
Waking up to my morning cup of coffee ! We went to a friend's house last night , played cards and had a good time ! We will be pulling T's superbowl team on their float in the < PROPMALE > parade today ! 
We froze in the < PROPMALE > parade yesterday but the kids enjoyed it ! Had a blast hanging out and playing cards with friends last night !! 
I am at home with < PROPMALE > today , been a SCARY morning !!! She decided to take her meds by herself instead of waiting on us to give them to her ... she took the wrong medication . She took one of hers with one of her daddy's ... had to call poison control !!! They said to keep her home , watch her but she should be fine . Thank you Jesus !!!!! Terrifying feeling , that is all I can say !!! 
what a messy and wet day ... would have been a good day for snuggling up and resting ! 
up this morning having my coffee . Had a good time ith friends from work at our White Elephant Christmas party last night . We have to run errands today , maybe we will get to enjoy some relaxing family time at some point . 
Monday again ... got to go to work today . Only one more week , got vacation next week !! 
I am sooooo tired ! I am about to get ready for work and I am hoping for a godd day !! 
Just got home from work , been a long day ! 
is enojoying \me time\ " with a cup of coffee ... got two more days of work then I have 9 days off !! WOOOHOOO " 
Yesterday was my last day of work for 9 days and my wonderful hubby's 34th bithday . We were supposed to celebrate and enjoy our evening but we ended up at the ER . My poor Pop , had to call the ambulance for him . How much more can they take ??? PLEASE PRAY FOR THEM !!!!! 
We went Christmas shopping today , what a madhouse everywhere we went !!! Pop is still in the hospital but he is hanging in there ... keep the prayers coming !!! 
is frustrated ... my first day of vacation and I can't even sleep in . Believe me , I tried !!! Oh well , I am going to enjoy my time off with my baby girl anyway !!! 
I am up early once again ... just cannot seem to sleep in no matter how hard I try ! Oh well , my baby girl and I are planning on getting out of the house today anyway . I will let her sleep in and then we will get out and about for a girls day ! 
Here we go again ... up at 6:00 am , WHY ???? Oh well , got a busy day today . < PROPFEMALE > trip with < PROPFEMALE > and Trystan , pick up the four-wheeler , etc . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS to all and your families !!!!!! 
I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas !! I enjoyed spending time with our families !!! 
Just came in from a full day ... went to church , exchanged a couple of Christmas gifts , bought a few groceries and let < PROPMALE > ride the 4 wheeler . Whew ... I am worn out and it is back to work tomorrow Sure was nice having a week off !! 
I am hoping today is better than yesterday ! People were crazy and mean , all of the joy from Christmas left with the holiday ! 
About to get ready for work , got to go the the doctor today too ... uuggghhh ! 
Getting ready for work , I am sure it will be CRAZY !!! Then I will be ringing in the new year with my hubby , baby girl and friends . Hoping 2010 will be better than 2009 for everyone !!! 
Happy New Year's to all of my family and friends , have fun and stay safe !!!! 
Home from work , time to chill ... waiting on my hubby to get home . Need my snuggle < PROPMALE > , nothing like loving on my man !!! 
BRRRRRRRRR !!!! It is cold outside , do not want to get out of the bed ! I just want to stay snuggled up to my baby all day ... to bad I cannot play hookey from work , LOL !!!! Hoping it is going to be a good day ! 
Met my absolutely wonderful hubby 14 years ago today , been togther ever since !!!! Its going to be an awesome day !!! BRRRRRRR !!!! Gotta find a way to keep warm ... 
Been enjoying some family time ... we went out to dinner , watched some TV and now time for bed ! Wonder what the weather will do tomorrow , hope we will have something pretty to look at without the mess !!! 
I feel like poo ... I hate being sick !!! So happy it's the weekend and I am home relaxing ! < PROPMALE > has her first practice in th AM and I hope she enjoys it !! 
Up and moving , having to morning coffee and a litlle me time ! < PROPMALE > has practice this AM and then getting my hair cut again , who knows what the rest of the day will hold ... going to enjoy it with the family no matter what !!! 
Feeling like total poo , this crap is kicking my tail !!! < PROPMALE > spent the night off last night , gotta get up and moving so I can go pick up my baby girl !!! 
I am felling like total poo !!! Just at some chicken noodle soup , about to take some nigh t-t ime medicine ... hoping to get some rest and feel better !! I am miserable !!!!!! 
Got to get up and get ready for work ... still feel like totoal poo !! I wish this stuff would go away , I hate being sick !!!!!!! 
Home from work and miserable from this crud that I cannot seem to kick !!! Going to wash some dishes , whip up some dinner and go to bed ! 
Getting ready for work , having a hard time getting moving ! Can't breathe , coughing hurts ... oh well , keep on trucking !!! Hoping it's going to be a good day !!!! 
So much for having a good day , it was freakin horrible !!!!! So happy to be home relaxing and spending time with my family !!! 
It was week from hell at work , so glad that it is over !!!!! Saw Dr J today ... got a steroid shot , antibiotic and cough medicine . Sure hope it kicks this crud !!!! Looking forward to enjoying the weekend ... relaxing , spending time with family and friends - all of the important things in life !!! 
Up and about to get ready for work ... wishing I could stay home !!! Oh well , no such luck because the bills just don't stop coming in !!! 
I am sooooo tired and it is time to get ready for work ... this is one of those days that you literally have to drag yourself out of the bed and it SUCKS !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > has her first game today , she is going to do great !!!!! Then we are off the Haleigh's bday and some skating ... it is going to be a fun day !! 
Went to church this AM , had the nursery . Sure makes me wish I could keep little ones everyday , I LOVE IT !!!! Maybe one day that dream will come true but until then I will just have to give 110% where I am now . Chillin with the family , relaxation time ... I enjoy slow days just spending time with my < PROPFEMALE > and baby girl !!!!! 
Having my morning coffee and then it is time to do it all over again ... blah , blah , blah !!! Hoping for better days at work has not worked yet so I will just take it as it comes ... what's next ? I am missing my < PROPFEMALE > , back to working nights and it is going to take some getting used to again !! 
Going in to work earlier today , hope < PROPMALE > gets moving with no problems this am ! Another day , another few dollars ... LOL !!! 
Had a long day at work ! < PROPFEMALE > is sick , had to take her to work with me this am to have the doc check her out . She has a sinus & throat infection , she came home and stayed with Daddy ... running a temp now and looks pityful . I hate seeing her like this !!! Wish I could wave my magic wand ... 
Okay ... need to find out how < PROPMALE > is doing this am , does she still have a temp ? This will determine if she goes to school today ... If not , I have to wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home before I can go in . Let's hope she is better than yesterday ... my poor baby girl !!! 
Home from work , < PROPMALE > a long week ! So glad it is Friday because I don't think I would make it another day !!! Now I am chillin with my < PROPFEMALE > and baby girl ... 
It stinks ... I wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > during the week because I have to ; then on the weekends , I have the < PROPMALE > to sleep in and I still wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Jessic and < PROPFIRST > went to wrestling with Trystan and Ronnie ... I should be enjoying this time alone but I miss them !!! 
Up early again , since 5:30 ... drinking my morning coffee , listening to my < PROPFEMALE > snore , watching TV , doing laundry and playing on the computer . We are doing our taxes today , sure ope it is GOOD news !!!!! 
Well , it's Monday again ... let's see how the day goes . 
Today was long but not too bad ... Jess had practice tonight , got home in time to get her rady for bed . I have been enjoying some me time to wind down , now it is my bedtime !! Good Night FB family and friends ! 
Been a long day ... I am sooooo tired lately !!! Just ate dinner and now it is time to wind down . 
Another day ... must I get up ? It is definately coffee time !!! 
Watched Mercy , it was awesome tonight ! And now I am watching American Idol since Law & Order SVU is a re-run . It is abouth time to go to bed , hope I sleep better tonight ! 
Oh my ... I barely slept last night and woke up with a horrible headache on the right side of my neck , going down into the back of my neck and it is making me sick to my stomach !!! What a crappy morning ... I can't quit shaking !!! 
Feeling soooo much better today ... not to mention , I actually slept through the entire night !!! Cannot remember the last time I was able to do that ... IT'S FRIDAY !!!!! 
I am soooooo glad it is Friday !!! Looking forward to spending time with my family this weekend ... Jessica & Trystan have games tomorrow and we are off to the circus on Sunday !!! 
Time to wind down ... watched the kiddos play b-ball today , watched a couple of movies . Got nursey in the morning and then it is off to the circus . 
We had fun at the circus today !!! Time to wind down and get ready for the work week !!!! 
What a flippin day ... I am soooo glad it is over and I cannot wait until betime !!! My daughter acted like a turd today and BS at work ... what the heck ? 
Feeling like crap !!!! Fever , headache , chills and serious pain in my lower belly/torso !!! Have to get < PROPMALE > ready for school , waiting on hubby to get home and called the doc when they open . 
It has been a whrilwind since Wed am ... emergency surgery , stay in the hospital ... just getting home and settiled in . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all my FB family and friends ! 
Okay , what else will this family go through ??? Doctor visits today ... Jessica on antibiotic for cough/sinuses , < PROPFIRST > being treated for flu ( gave hime zpak and Tamiflu ) , I am on prevemtative dose of Tamiflu and I return for my follow up tomorrow from all of my issues . FB family and friends ... Need your prayers !!!!!!!!! 
Well , doc removed stitches yesterday but I m still real sore . Go back next Tues and scheduled to return to work next Wed at this point . 
This has not been the best of days ... rating high on the pain scale today !! Thank God for my wonderful and loving hubby ... taking care of me !!!!! 
It's Friday ... Still sore but I think I may try to get some housework done today . Doc's instructions were not to lift and bend alot but I try to accomplish a little something ! 
First day out of this house since surgery , hospital stay and doctor's visits ... Jessica and Trystan have games today ! Soooo looking forward to getting out for a while ... moving slow , still sore but I will just have to take it easy and not over do it ! 
Took the kiddos to the rodeo last night , think I may have pushed myself too hard !! In some pain today ... that is okay , we had fun !!! 
We added a new addition to our family today ... she is an american bulldog mix , her name is < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well , just took < PROPFEMALE > out for a potty break just in time ... the bottom just fell out and it sounds mean right now !!! Hoping it will blow over quickly , < PROPMALE > needs to shower and get ready for school ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a game tonight ... my baby girl did good and the team played very well against an undefeated team , the kiddos should be proud !!! 
Back to reality today ... the doctor released me to return to work ! It was nice being at home , boring at times but nice !!! 
Work was hell today !!!!! So glad to be home a relaxing with my family !!! 
All aboard the Friday train ... woohoo !!! I don't know if I would make it a another day ... tired an in pain !!! 
What the hell ??? Bad news again today ... had to go back to the doc today due to pain and I am going for surgery again next week !! 
Proud of < PROPFEMALE > and her team , they were quite a match for their opponents ... awesome game !!!!! 
This sucks , living on meds this weekend ... IB 600 during day and stronger at night for pain , antibiotic 2 x day , double birth control pills that make make me nauseated !!! Never thought I could look forward to a surgery but ... I cannot wait until Wed !!! I am hoping for some Red Lobster before then though !!! 
Woke up soooooo nauseated this morning but I want to try to go to work before my appts today !! Gonna try and push on ... 
Sleep ... I sure need a good night of it !!! Up before the crack of < PROPFEMALE > the last 3 mornings ... 3:30 this am , 4:00 yesterday and 3:15 on Sun am ! This sucks !!!! 
The closer I get to tomorrow , the more of a basketcase I become !!!! I am sooooo ready for this to be over !!! 
Today is the day ... praying all goes well in my surgery and for my loving husband , he is soooooo worried ! 
Well , surgery on Wed went okay I guess . The doc said is was a huge mess by the time he went in to remove it ! Came home Friday at lunchtime , went back to hospital at 4pm . They released me yesterday evening ... Home Sweet Home , for good this time I HOPE !!!!!!! My wonderful husband has taken care of me the entire time !!!!! 
I am the luckiest woman in the world !!!! I have the most wonderful , loving , caring and patient husband taking care of me while I am healing !!!! God has truly blessed me !!!!! 
Going to see the doc today for my first post op , getting the first set of stitches removed ... ouch ! Get to see how well I am healing and when I get to expect to return to work . 
Doc removed 1st set of stitches today , return for follow on others April 5th ... then I return to work . 
Saturday morning came waaaayyy too early for me , I slept like poo last night !!! WHat to do today ??? Definately making a run to Petsmart with < PROPFEMALE > , the puppy , for a few items needed . Just going to spend some quality time with the family , I love it !!! 
Hmmmm ... what to do today ?? 
Well it is Monday again ... the only thing that changes for me , getting < PROPMALE > off to school . No work week for me , still taking it slow and easy . 
Pop is in ICU @ Coliseum , need prayers for him and Memama !! 
Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all of my FB family and friends !!! Think green ! 
If you have a wonderful husband who works hard to provide for you and would do anything for you and your family , ? then repost this as your status to give the honest respectable men out there the recognition they deserve ........ because great men are few and far between and I have one !!! 
Man ... the pain , exhaustion , hot flashes and night sweats are in high gear this week !!! The doc said it would happen but it was mild initially and I thought I was going to be lucky ... no such luck !!! 
This headache just will not go away !!!!! 
Today will be my first day out for excitement ... we have a b-day party for family ! This will be outside too , hope I am able to enjoy it !! Definately wont be participating in the ball game ... I will sit out and cheer them on , hoping to find some shade !!! 
Well , yesterday went okay ... defiantely feeling drained today and I didn't sleep well last night either !! Hoping for a good day today !! 
Up early to get < PROPMALE > off to school , soooo tired of being tired ! A good night's sleep seems to be a privilege I just don't have lately !! 
WOW !! We took the puppy to the vet yesterday for meds , had her weighed ... she is 27.6 lbs , up from 19.6 lbs about a week and a half ago !! She is going to be big !! 
Okay , I am going to try to overcome this exhaustion by doing some work from home today !! I have been trying everyday without much success ... 
PLEASE PRAY for our family and peace for Memama ... Pop has decided to stop dialysis , signed documents for no resusitation or life support and the Hospice doctor will be coming in !!! 
REPOSTAMBER ALERT ********** : STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN RODCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW ! SERIOUSLY !!!!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the national news ... i reposted this from another source ... 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence '' ... Doobie Brothers ( I was a little , Mom took me ) and < PROPFIRST > Nicks ( in middle school ) 
It's Daughter week ... If you have one Daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status ... 
Went to hospital today for a visit with Memama & Pop ... He never knew we were there and Memama is having such a hard time ! Wish I had the words to give her peace !!! Please keep the prayers coming !!!! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your mark ... get set ... GO ! 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a student , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM . ? 
Did not sleep well last night , up early ... not sure how this day will go ! Getting out for pink pancakes this am and see some of the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > events . Hoping I will enjoy myself without overdoing it !!! 
I enjoyed myself for most of the day , got very sore in the afternoon hours !!! Had some pink pancakes , looked at mustangs , went to < PROPFIRST>'s bench-press contest , down to let the kiddos ride a few rides and then homeward bound . I was asleep by 6:30 pm ... Too bad I don't sleep through the night !!! 
Well , < PROPFEMALE>'s spring break has officially started ... had to pay extra for daycare this week and she wanted to stay home today , go figure ! 
Today ... I have been married to the most wonderful man 14 years !!! He knows all of my issues , has put up with me this long and loves me anyway !!! < PROPFIRST > has given me the best years of my life so far and I am looking forward to a lifetime yet to come !!! I LOVE MY HUBBY !!!!! 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here is a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met -- I mean our first encounter ever -- then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . I will bet you will be amazed . 
HEARTBROKEN !!! The stray < PROPFEMALE > that has been here since we moved in , I fed from the beginning , learned to trust me and made a home here was killed overnight ... silly but I could help but cry !! Ozzy was my buddy ... always coming to see me , wanting some loving , talking to me ... I am going to miss him !!!!!! We will bury him here since his home was here ! 
Wishing all of my friends and family a Happy Easter !!!!! 
My family is heartbroken right now ... Pop went home to be with the Lord yesterday . We are going to miss him tremendously but find peace knowing he is in a better place with no more pain , sorrow or suffering ! We celebrate the life he lived and the happiness he brought to our lives !!! We love you Pop !!!!!!!! 
Here with the family , spending time with visitors , sharing memories and celebrating Pop's life !! Thank you to all of my friends and family for the prayers , it means soooo much !!! Arrangements have been made : Thursday 6pm to 8pm visitation , Friday 3pm Services , all will be held at Macon Memorial on Mercer University Dr in Macon . 
Today I am remembering the life you lived , the things you taught me and holding on to all of the memories we shared ... I love you Pop !!! You will be missed , never forgotten and always here in my heart until we meet again !!!! 
It has been a rough week , we all miss Pop sooooooo much !!! Heaven is rejoicing , we are mourning but find peace knowing we will meet again !!!! 
Spending as much time with Memama as I can before returning to work ... We all miss Pop sooooo much but I cannot even begin to imagine her pain at this time !!!! 
Got < PROPMALE > off to school this morning , CRCT's started today and I am hanging out with Memama !!! 
Well , trying to make it through another day ... mood swings , nerves , etc . - they are BAD !!! I wish my meds would hurry up and make a difference !! 
Made it through my first day back at work ... I sure am tired !!! 
Praying for Memama !!! It is going to be a hard day ... it is their wedding anniversary , 58 years and they were together 62 or so !!!! 
Crappy day !!!!! I am ME , what you see is what you get , I will work my butt off but I refuse to change who I am or kiss tail for anyone's approval !!! Treat people how you would want to be treated ... remember there is such thing as < PROPFEMALE > and she bites hard !!!!! 
You find out who your TRUE friends are real quick !! Amazing how people can look at you in the eye knowing they have talked shit about you !!! 
It's funny , people wonder what is going on or who I am talking about ... If it is you , you kow it's you and if itls not , don't worry about it because it doesn't matter ! 
I made a decision , followed through with it and feel such a relief now !!! To all that are wondering and assuming ... Don't make more of the story than there really is ! I am soooooo excited , change is good !!!!! 
Got itchy eyes , headache , stuffy nose , sore throat ,... this stinks , I am miserable !!! 
Well I have officially been assigned to a new position as I requested last week ... WR office and I am excited !!!! 
Enjoyed a day with the family ... We went to the fair , spent too much money but had a blast !!!! 
Up and at em early again this am , sure would love to sleep in one of these days !!! Oh well , what to do today ... Hmmmmmmmm ?? 
Headed for bed , got to get up bright and early for work tomorrow ! Hope this week is better than last week !!!! 
What a day !!! I woke up late this AM and I hate starting the day running !!! I didn't even get to enjoy my ME time and a cup of coffee ... ruins my whole day !!!! 
Had a good day in WR ! Hope tomorrow isn't too bad ... first BUSY day alone ! 
Resting where no shadows fall , In peaceful sleep she awaits us all ;\ 
God will link the broken chain , When one by one we meet again . \ 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > , We love you and will miss you !!! 
Extremely frustrated and torn at the moment ... how can things get soooooo messed up soooooo quickly ???? Praying things work out and get better soon !!!!!!! 
Soooooo proud of my baby girl ... Jess got an award for \Overall A average\ " today at school !!! " 
Spending some time with my < PROPFEMALE > , playing with the new < PROPFEMALE > and chillin out !! 
The things kids do just blow my mind !!!! Had a good day today , hoping tomorrow is too !! 
Had a good day at work ... I am loving the WR position !!! 
I am sooooooo sleepy tonight !!! May wind up going to bed early if all works out in my favor ... 
What a dreary day ... need the rain but it sure messes up any outdoor plans !!! 
It is always hard to go back to work after a long weekend !!! I am tired and have to go in early tomorrow ! Hoping to turn in early tonight !!! 
Shooting pool and having a few drinks with my < PROPFEMALE > , we haven't done this in years ... lovin it !!! We went out shopping for our baby girl ... man , she is soooooo spoiled and doesn't even know it !! 
Busy day again today ... last minute preparations for the bday party @ 2pm and we hoping it doesn't rain !!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s bday party went great ! The rain held off , good turnout , lots of wonderful gifts ... thank you all !!! 
Well , took the day off to get things done around the house ... got a few things done , took the kitten to the vet and chilled out here and there . Got the weekend to finish up ! 
Well , had sooooo much going on yesterday I missed the one thing I would have really did not want to miss ... a baby shower for a great friend !! I guess it is a good thing she only lives a few houses around the corner from me ... Be seeing you soon < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Enjoyed the weekend with my family but now it is back to work ... I hate Mondays !!! 
Well , lost 20 pounds thus far ... 10 to 15 more to go !!! Yaaaay me !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you or if he is in heaven looking over you ... copy & paste ..... I Love YOU daddy ! 
There are many complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook has a number of nonactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks ............ you will be removed in order to get more space . Post this on your ... wall to show that you are active in the facebook 
Wow ... I am soooooo exhausted !!!! Late night with the girls , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Now we are watching < PROPFEMALE > Montana . We are going to have an early moning too ... should be interesting !! 
Enjoy our weekend full of family time !!!! Two 10 year olds will definately keep you busy but we have enjoyed every minute of it !!! 
Been one hell of a day !!!!!!!!!! Just wish it would end !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am sooooo tired !!! One more day to get through and it is a 3 day weekend to enjoy !!! 
I am sooooo glad the work week is over and I am looking forward to the 3 day weekend with the family !!! What are we going to get into ??? 
< PROPMALE > and I are at the vet with Gizmo ... got to get the next round of kitten shots . 
< PROPMALE > and I had a girls day shopping yesterday , we had fun ! The family is going to catch some poolside fun today and fireworks tonight !! Happy July 4th everyone ... Have fun and be safe !!!! 
Thank goodness it is the weekend ... for a short work week , it sure felt LONG !!!! 
Up early this am ... excited because we are having Dish Ntwk installed today !!! Just me and the hubby this am , our baby girl stayed the night off ... 
Counting down the days ... PC Beach bound on Sunday ! One full week away from here and time to send with the family ... I am soooo excited !!! 
Today is Friday ... YAAAAYYYY !!! To make it even better ... I am off work for the next 8 days !!!! I sooooooo need this time off ... excited !!! 
Absolutely loving life right now !!! Spending time with the family , waking up with my morning coffee while I listen to the waves crashing in and relaxing in the sun all day ... life is good !!! 
Wow ... sunshine , waves crashing , dolphins cruising by , fish jumping around in the water , seagulls flying by , surfers and kayakers riding the waves ... what a beautiful and peaceful morning to wake up to !!! 
Our vacation is almost over ... last full day away from the realities of life !! Gotta make the most of it today ... 
Well , vacation is over and we are the road home ... it was fun while it lasted !!! 
Keeping the McKinnon family in my prayers !!!! Such a sad situation and they suffered a tremendous loss today !! 
Having such a hard time getting back into the swing of things after our vacation ... I am soooo drained !!! Looking forward to the weekend !!! 
Sooooo glad to see the weekend ... too bad it is halfway over ! Enjoyed the day with family and friends , got to go school shopping tomorrow . 
Hating the weekend is over !!!!!!!!!!! Monday ... uuuggghhh !!!! 
I am stressing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Decisions , decisions , decisions ... why is life life soooohard ??? Just praying that God will open doors and lead me in the right direction !! 
We prayed about it , made a HUGE decision in our lives and continuing to pray all works out ! Fear can hold you back , you will never know unless you try !! 
Big brother ... I was a fan of < PROPFEMALE > for a bit because she was tough and sassy but she turned out to be such a whiney little B ! I am glad she is gone ... see ya Rach !!! 
I am soooooo stir-crazy today ... been up since the crack of < PROPFEMALE > while the family slept in . I wish I could too !! We have nothing to do ... Jess is working on her science project . 
I don't know what is wrong with me today ... I feel like poo and my nerves are shot !! Everything is irritating me ... 
As my good friend , < PROPFEMALE > , would say : All aboard ... we are ridin the Friday train !!! 
At < PROPFIRST > Gs with the kiddos ... go karts , laser tag , virtual coaster , mini golf ... I am already worn out !! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !!! They made my day !!! 
Well , I am about to get ready for work for the last time ... I cannot believe it ! I am gonna miss all of the friends I have made !! Going to be an adjustment , not seeing everyone every day ! I am soooooo excited to begin a new chapter in my life though ! 
Spent my first day off doing absolutely nothing ... nice !! Today , getting my hair cut and getting some housework done . Wow , it is nice to be on my own schedule ... dont mis work but I do miss my buddies ! 
Enjoying life ... free time , getting things done and not having to go to work all day , all week !! I love making my own schedule on my own time !!! 
Well , I finally got my new wireless USB replacement ordered !!! I cannot stand it without internet at the house !!! 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer ... I have to add a little something :) ...... Lord please be with each of them and all of their family . Bless them with the comfort of you Lord . Amen 
It is sooooooo HOT in this house !!!!!!!!!!! Got the AC man here again , 3rd time this week ... hope he gets the thing fixed today !! Been without AC since Sunday and it is MISERABLE !!!!! 
Finally , 3rd time is a charm ... the A/C is fixed and we are cool again !!!!!! 
Up and going early this Sat morning , about to start getting ready my Trystan's football game ... Let's go Pirates !!! 
Home from T's game , it was soooooo hot !!! They won ... Way to go Pirates !!! We had to rush home after getting lunch , the team was going to the Ft Valley State game ... Coach is grilling hamburgers & hotdogs , T's team was going to be announced as they came out in their jerseys . Trystan was soooooo excited , his Uncle < PROPFIRST > took him ... just the boys ! 
We are headed to church this AM ... got to go get ready , get < PROPFEMALE > & Trystan ready and then get < PROPFIRST > up and ready ! Looking forward to hearing the awesome word of God and a day spent with family !!! 
Expensive day !!! We took < PROPFEMALE>'s 4 wheeler to be serviced . While we were loading it , we see my tire is almost flat so we took my care for tire repair , rotate & balance and an oil change since that was due too . Also , my doctor called to tell me about my labwork ... I have to start taking cholesterol medication and she is renewing my narcolepsy medication . 
Looking forward to going to sleep listening to the rain coming down !!! I love it ... so peaceful and relaxing !!! 
Enjoyed a trip with Memama to the nail salon yesterday then had an evening of fun with friends ! Looking forward to a day with the family , starting it off right and heading to church this am ! 
Enjoyed the weekend with family and friends !!! Ran a few errands today , housework tomorrow and hoping to finalize our plans for a trip this weekend ... Life is good !!! 
I like it on ... the bedroom floor , the kitchen counter OR on top of the freezer . 
Trip is over and we have to go home ... always a bummer !! We have enjoyed our time here but 3 days is just not enough , soooooo much to do in < PROPFEMALE > Beach !!! 
True friends don't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , abou your past or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true frien can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . Repost if you have one true friend .? ? 
Enjoyed our trip to the fair yesterday with the kiddos but the lines were outrageous !! It is sooooo frustrating when you have people doing their best to cut in line and it makes me angrier to see parents encouraging their children to do so !!! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Life is God's gift to you ! The way you live it ... is your gift to God !! 
Only an Aunt can hug like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , repost this as your status . 
• *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 
I'M A HANDFUL !! Most women won't repost this . I'm strong , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best ! If you're a HANDFUL , repost !! I dare you ! I'll be looking for the ladies who repost ... 
Concerned student writes : Dear God , why do you allow so much violence in our schools ? Letter from God : Dear concerned student , I am not allowed in schools ! 
We just left the most beautiful wedding ... Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > !!!! Such a GORGEOUS bride !!!!! 
Just got out of church , awesome service ... best of all , my niece was baptized . We are sooooo proud !!!! 
God gives miracles to those who believe , courage to those with faith , hope to those who dream , love to those who accept & forgiveness to those who ask ... 
My husband has laughed with me , cried with me . Hugged me tight . Seen me fail , watched me succeed . Cheered me on . Been through thick and thin with me . Kept me going strong . Given me room to grow . My husband is a promise that I will have a Friend Forever ! * Put this as your status if you love your husband . * 
Trystan & I are sitting in carpool line , waiting to get Jessica ... we are jamming out to some good tunes !! 
Heavenly Father ... walk through my home and take away all worries and any illnesses . Please watch over and heal my family and friends . In Jesus name , Amen . This prayer is so powerful ! Stop what you're doing & set this to your status ... watch what He will do !! 
Watching Trystan practice then through a drive-thru for some dinner and home to bake some goodies for tomorrow . 
It's Christmas ....... NOT X-mas !!! Don't remove Christ from HIS birthday !!! Post\ 
this if you agree ....... Please don't X out the Lord !!!!! (I want to see this on everyone's wall !!! ) If you agree please repost ... 
I may not be all that I should be BUT I am more than I used to be ... God's not finished with me yet !!! 
I am soooooo tired BUT cannot sleep ... frustrating !!!!!!! 
doesn't care what is politically correct ... You can't take CHRIST out of Christmas and expect the holiday to mean anything ! It is called Christmas for a reason !!!!! 
Happy Birthday Jesus !!!! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my family and friends !! May you all have a blessed day !!! 
Well , my second week at Child Care at home ... I am loving it !!!! It has kept me off Facebook though , been slightly busy ... LOL !!!! 
Kentucky just passed this law : to be on food-stamps , Medicaid , or cash assistance on your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . We have to work and take a drug test . So should they !!!!! 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status ? ? ??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Went to the gym last night ... it is sad to realize how out of shape I really am !!! I am about to het ready so we can go again ... no pain , no gain !! 
Left for the gym at 5:30 am ... it feels good !!! Thanks to my girl , < PROPFEMALE > , for pushing me to go and inspiring me !!! This is long overdue , I'm excited !!!! 
Got a unexpected day off today ... what to do ??? 
Just got home from the gym ... we worked on abs and arms . 
Banana 
Allergies ... again !!!! Getting tired of these flare UPS , they seem to be getting frequent again ... UGH !!!!! 
Up n at em early as usual . It sure would be nice to sleep in a little every now & then ... heck , 7 or 8 am would be late for me !! 
We enjoyed hanging with < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > last night , well this am too LOL ! Went to the gym today , did cardio worked on legs . Now , chillin at home with my hubby . 
Wow ! The bottom fell out ... the lightning is something else !!! 
The Girl You Just Called Fat ? She's Been Starving Herself And Has Lost Over 30lbs . The Boy You Just Called Stupid ? He Has A Learning disability And Studies 4hr A Night ! The Girl You Just Called Ugly ? She Spends Hours Putting Makeup On , Hoping People Would Like Her . The Boy You Just Tripped ? He Has enough Abuse At Home ! There's Alot More To People Than You Think !!! Put This As Your Status If Your against Bullying . 
It's DAUGHTER WEEK ! Daughters outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? Daughter ? in the ? world ! 
Okay ... I always tell the people I care about to < PROPFEMALE > in there , things will get better , don't give up , keep your head up , etc . As we all know , it sure is hard to take your own advice !!!!! 
If your Dad was a hard working man , is and always will be your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER ... if you are blessed to still have your DAD , or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you can NEVER replace your DAD ! 
LOOK TWICE - SAVE A LIFE !! MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE ! Please repost this to your status to remind all of your family/friends that it is motorcycle season and to take a few extra seconds to take a second look - it'll make a difference in saving the lives of our loved ones who enjoy the ride ! PLEASE REPOST - EVEN IF YOU AREN'T A RIDER BUT KNOW/LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS 
