the magic better quit f*cking up 

well the magic blew it , time to get back to the real world 
so busy 
Hataz Gonna Hate And They Ain't Gone Quit ... Well I Say F*ck Um Wit A SandPapa < PROPMALE > !! 
she call me the referee cuz i be so official , my shirt aint got no stripes but i can make her p*ssy whistle 
sweat pants , hair tied , chillin with no makeup on , that when you're the prettiest i hope that you don't take it wrong 
R.I.P. The < PROPMALE > of Pop , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , and < PROPMALE > McMahon ... it's a sad week in entertainment 
Gettin ' life together 
now < PROPMALE > mcnair is dead ? wtf is going on ? 
wondering what's next 
bored out my mind , someone hit me up with something 
bout to get a lil workout in , be back in like 2 hrs . hit me up with something to get into 
time to hit them weights ! oh Yea ! 
< PROPMALE > Gatti ? Man it just aint healthy to be a celebrity anymore 
everybodys a jerk ... you're a jerk , i'm a jerk , that jerks a jerk 
I don't wear tight jeans like the white boys ... but I do get wasted like the white boys ! 
i finally saw transformers 2 and i was not disappointed . 
watching Black in < PROPFEMALE > 2 
Hot Boy in a Cold World 
just got done with kickboxing now its time to eat and find something to get into tonight 
BEAST 
time to hit the gym for a little bit , get some food , then work tonight 
Whenever I'm not around and you're feeling down let the thought of me be the reason you SMILE 
I'm Still Fly , I'm Sky High and I Dare Anybody To Try and Cut My Wings . I'm Still Shuttin ' Cities Down Everytime I Come Around N ! gga I'm Still Doin ' My Thing 
I always wonder why birds choose to stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on the earth ... then I ask myself the same question 
got accepted to take the POST Assesment test for the US Capitol Federal Police ... so its off to Washington D.C. next week . yea < PROPMALE > ! 
I appreciate all the support but I guess I can't read good . The test isn't til September ... LOL , my bad . So bottle up the support for a month , then we'll be good 
Suntan Superman 
no class , no football , no college buddies ... damn , guess school wasn't so bad 
R.I.P. AAliyah ... 8yrs gone but you still live on 
got my head to the sky got the ground unda my feet got fire flowin ' through my veins cuz my heart pumps heat 
sometimes you cant < PROPFEMALE > understand the closest people to you 
Some days I say \wish I was a kid again \"" 
I'm here because :P 
Great weekend . Miss you babycakes 
Dammit Kanye ... stop setting black folks back with ya ignorantness . Thank God Beyonce has some class to spare 
The Lost Boy who gets fly without < PROPFIRST > Pan 
Don't you know about the Bird ... Everybodys heard that the Bird is the Word !! well a birbirbir bird is the word a well a birbir bird is the word !! 
I don't want everything but at least let me get something ... damn 
Cleavland Show 
keylargo ... montego ... baby why dont we go down to cocomo , but not to fast cuz rollo takes it slow 
i'm tired of the monotony and mediocrity 
I'll Tighten My Belt Before I Beg For Help 
Why you always want to butt heads with me don't you know i'm an Aries 
Aced my assessment test ! i wasnt worried but it's good to finally get the results 
If you only had 24hrs to live just think where would you go , what would you do , who would you scew , and who would you want to notify , or would yo @$$ deny that yo @$$ about to die ? 
bout to hit the road and head up to the Hill for Homecoming weekend 
havin a good time at the Hill seein his people , watchin the team win , and gettin the new tat 
back in The O . good weekend except for grown foks actin like little kids ... GROW UP 
wait , wait , wait ... OOOWWWW ... and boom goes the dynamite 
i'm about to be all over you like white on rice in a glass of milk on a paperplate in a snowstorm 
Life Ain't Always Peaches ' N Cream 
No AutoTune But You Can Feel The Pain and Sometimes It All Come Spillin ' Out Like I Hit A Vein 
The prisons aint full and the reaper aint biased , anyone who tells you differents a damn liar 
my brain feels all twisted like a pretzel ... i got a pretzel in my head ! 
wtf is going on . can't the world just throw me a straight pitch instead of all these curveballs ? 
man i lost 10lbs in a week cuz of all my stressful dumb sh ! t . back to bein sick and tired of everything 
I plan on eating til i pop 
food was good , chilled for a little bit , time to get back to business . f*ck the dumb sh ! t 
amped and ready to get back on track 
if i didnt get to sleep til 5 why have i been awake since 9 this morning ? ugh 
just gotta make it 
why does diddy have a grill in his new video ? 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get 
rainy day in the sunshine state 
tired 
A Wise Man Told Me Don't Argue With Fools Cuz People From A Distance Can't Tell Who Is Who 
on my mc hammer ish cuz you can't touch this ... HA ! 
i dont fcuk wit pigs like asalamalakum , i put um in the field and let osar meyer bake um 
Graduation tomorrow , i finally get that $ 100,000 + piece of paper 
graduation got cancelled ... flight home got cancelled ... wtf ... WTF !!! 
god bless the dead 
glad to be home and off for today and tomorrow 
out to the club tonight then back to work tomorrow 
had fun last night with my people , going for a run in a little bit , then off to work later 
today off then work the rest of the week . i gotta get rid of this cold or whatever it is i got 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
feeling better so work then maybe go out tonight . hit me up if u wanna do something 
off work ready to live a little 
ready to go to the Miami game . lets go canes 
i need to do something big 
goin out for the last time for a little bit . i gotta save up , i been spendin to much 
back to work 
Ready to get the worst year of my life over with and start 2011 . New year , new decade , new me . Happy New Years ya'll , let's do it BIG !! 
One more night at work then I got a whole week off , can't wait to relax . 
worst start to a new year ever 
they gonna keep pushin ' me until i reach the ledge and when i reach the ledge i'll tell um all to eat a d*ck , take a leap of faith , and let my eagle wings spread 
heard some tracks off the new snoop and im likin what im hearin so far 
CHARGERS & COWBOYS lets get thes W's 
still got crap in my chest and nose , but feelin better 
i get it in 
... 
oh squiggly line in my eye fluid ... 
back to the grind 
I'm about to be a fitness coach so get at me if u want to be a client . I added 25lbs to both my bench and squat in less than 2 months so hit me up if u need some coaching up and i can also help u shed that baby/winter/holiday fat like your resolution says . Get at ya boy ! 
Since they got this whole look-alike pic thing goin i thought i'd put up who everyone says i look liike . i dont see it , but u be the judge 
Goin to see the advance screening of Wolfman tonight 
gooniegoogoo 
pain is temporary , chicks dig scars , and < PROPFEMALE > lasts forever 
im so tired physically , mentally and emotionally its making me dizzy ... i just want to sleep for 3days straight . i miss how easy things were a year ago . lonliness sucks , i wish i could punch it . clusterf*ck ... yea that describes things pretty good 
decisions decisions 
Do you think about me ? 
one of these day i'm gonna start feeling good like the old me ... who knows maybe it'll be tomorrow ... hmm ... sounds like a plan ... chickachicka yea 
did pilates and shoulder/trap lifts this morning but its all downhill from here . cant wait to stop workin at bally 
the guns dont really need any more improvement but im gonna hit up bi's and tri's in a minute anyway 
pilates + chest/ back today , ya'll need to get on my level . im off tomorrow , so what are we doin ? 
for real , whats good tomorrow ? im off and i cant be sitting around all day doing productive stuff . 
don't be mad at him when its on to the next one ... brosbeforehoes ... lame ass chicks need to find a white crayon and color a f*ckin zebra 
pilates is not a joke , third class and its still whoopin me ... its all worth it tho 
i hate when plans fall apart , now i gotta force the pieces together and make life work 
people seem to notice everytime i do smile , i guess that means they come few and far between 
ok you're a bad guy but whats a bad guy to a villian 
looky looky i got hooky 
I want the money , cars , clothes , but you can keep the hoes 
Birthday on Monday and i need to figure out what I'm gonna do . Any suggestions ? 
just watched the erykah badu video ( yea i know i'm late ) and igot two things to say . ( 1 ) DEEP ( 2 ) i was not prepared for the booty ( CRUCIAL ) 
only day off this week and i plan on doing a whole lotta nothing , but u can still hit me up wit whats goin on 
from sugar to sh ! t 
GO ROLLO IT'S MY BIRTHDAY , I'M GONNA PARTY LIKE IT'S MY BIRTHDAY 
layin around doin nothing is great , why can't i find a job doing this ? 
back to work today ugh , i need some change in my life 
Sometimes we try to find a road to the richess/ Need roadside assistants/ Blisters on my knees , from begging for forgiveness/ Ain’t no dollars on my trees but mileage on my feet/ ‘Cause I been climbing to the peak , and running from the bullshit 
anyone ever heard of \John Casablancas \"?" 
getting ready for a big week 
please let hooters be slow today . i dont feel like working hard 
i just made up my mind about what i want to do with my life ... be F*CKIN ' AWESOME !! 
damn , i only took a week off from working out and almost died doing my new workout . 
a lot on my mind 
I'm much sicker than you , and when I play sick i'm < PROPFIRST > with the flu 
who wants to hit up cocoa beach tomorrow ? hit me up 
BOONDOCKS !! 
yo 
the days off were good , just what i needed . back to the grind with another good workout before im back cookin it up at Hoots 
TYGA DOGG in this B ! TCH !! 
people say \natural high\ " doesn't exist but when you make popcorn and spend the whole time thinkin about how it works and wanting to put one kernel in to see how popcorn pops and being amused by the thought ... i think its existance has been proven " 
lame 
ugh 
last night was definately a good one 
Work Day ! back to tear the gym up ! 
Todays Plan : Improve my BODY in the GYM then Improve my MIND in a BOOK 
Just watched Yes Man , maybe i'll try that covenant out for a lil bit 
HOT DAMN !!! IT'S A NEW DAY !!! 
About to start packing for the big trip . OH YEA ! 
< PROPFEMALE > LAS VEGAS ... how bout that ride in , i guess that why they call it Sin City 
9hrs of traveling tomorrow and I'm back in the O . Oh and when I get back please believe I'm definitely gonna be about my business . 
i haven't hit the gym in a week and a half ... i'm back from vacation and bout to set it off in this b ! tch < PROPFEMALE > pinkett !! 
smh ... fml ... wtf 
How come there's so much ignorance in the world ? This is why I don't like people . 
I'm not outta shape or nothing but damn flag football and the sun tag teamed me for a grade A @$$ whoopin ' 
I gotta get my < PROPFEMALE > back on track 
This has been the worst half a month ever ... the next half has got to be better ... just keep swimming 
ok ... so what now ? 
ugh ... 
if the < PROPFIRST > Lopez Show wasn't funny i'd be mad right now . I'm getting a drink , f*ck it 
Feelin ' pretty good today , YEA BOY ! 
Why are people out to piss me off on my feel good day ? Tomorrows my day off and I do not feel like being fcuked with . 
picked up a shift at work tonight ... i might as well set up and live at Hooters 
The Root of Evil is the Lack of Money 
Let's Get It !! 
Stop caring about whats posted on FB so much , it's not the real world . 
Role Models : Be A Drug Dealer Not A Drug Addict 
I'm Tin Man ... Heartless 
The Chains Of My Past Imprison My Future 
stayed out to late last night , woke up early to go to church this morning ( yea i surprised myself ) , and i'm hungry . i swear if anyone f*cks with me at work ... let's just say it wont be pretty 
I'm feelin ' Ne-yo's new music video movies 
I think my swag's slowly coming back . time to straighten all this mess out 
Life is not the amount of breaths you take , it's the moments that take your breath away . 
so bored 
the quack atack is back < PROPFIRST > 
To many times I've been WRONG , I guess being RIGHT takes to long 
I'm glad I went to the Fam reunion this weekend , it helped me more than I thought it would . Just wish I didnt have to go into work as soon as I got in from driving from SC . 
The statistics on sanity is that one out of every four persons is suffering from some sort of mental illness . Think of your three best friends -- if they're okay , then it's you . 
whatever ... 
Friday the 13th ... damn , i'd much rather watch scary movies all day and night with my girl(if i had one ) than go to work . smh 
Back to the basics 
I watched the Mighty Ducks earlier today ... damn I miss the 90's 
chillin 
BEST 8AM MEETING EVER !!! 
Harder to kill than a cockroach on steroids 
Feelin ' pretty good 
I'M BAD , I'M BAD ... YOU KNOW IT ! 
being sick sucks . i'm irritated and don't feel like dealing with people , glad i got the next few days off . ugh 
Feeling a lil better , now all i need is to find something to get me out of the house 
Tats On My Arms , Tats On My Back ... Take Off My Shirt And Flex , The Girls Love That 
Barack Obamas been in office for this long and I still ain't heard him thank Black Dynamite for being his inspiration ... that jive turkey mutha ... 
Why doesn't anyone just chill anymore ? I wanna get out the house but iI don't want to always have to spend money when I do . 
done dealing with people 
Damn I feel outta shape , bout to go for a run before work 
Hopefully life will be better when i wake up than when i go to sleep 
They say good things come in three's ... well , I'm still waiting for my first one . 
I had the pleasrue of sharing a few times with a great guy that was somehow always smiling when I saw him . The good die young and you will be missed . R.I.P < PROPFIRST > D 
time for a change 
women love me , men wanna be me , and animals wanna learn how to talk so they can < PROPFEMALE > out with me . 
The NFL's crying about ppl getting concussions ... suck it up . It's never affected me and I've had 3 , or has it been 4 ... I can't remember ... wait ... what was I talking about ? 
Filling out applications now , workout later , then work all night ( trivia night ... beware Black Dynamite's irrelevant knowledge ) 
workout in a few , look for some jobs , and maybe hit chillers tonight . hit me up with some plans 
Goin ' to Chillers 
done with fake ass people . if you're fake let me know so i can get rid of you . thanks 
Let's Get Dangerous 
LETS GET GET GET IT !! 
I See Through P*ssy N*ggas , Call It My Cat Scan 
I have rassled with a alligator . I done tussled with a whale ! I done handcuffed lightning , throwed thunder in jail ! Only last week , I murdered a rock , injured a stone , hospitalized a brick . I'm so mean , I make medicine sick ! -Muhamed < PROPFIRST > 
Glad I went back up to the Hill for Homecoming weekend , got to see all my people and watch the team win . Good times 
The job interview went pretty good , got a nice back workout in , now im gettin ready for work . pretty fulfilled day . all i need is to hear back back from the right ppl w/ some good news and i'll be a completely content lil guy . 
Grinding 
:) 
i need a new phone 
I LOVE THE CYPHER !!! 
sometimes you just gotta laugh 
hercules time 
Feelin ' Good Feelin ' Great 
i missed when my phone got delivered today so another day with this crappy broken phone ... smh 
new phone so text me or msg me on here 
smh 
so is Ohio St overrated yet ? 1 quarter to find out 
wow , time for some serious self evaluation 
No Habla Jibber Jabber Fool !! 
Tough loss for my Hill Boys , but ya'll still got to much to play for . We Ballin ' Boy !! 
Last night was bull , this job is killing me 
Been to Hell and Back , I Can Show You Vouchers 
HAPPY GANGSTA DAY AND < PROPFEMALE > G-MAS ! 
Why is it that when someone's average or below in something and try to improve on it they are met with encouragement , but when someone is above average in something and try to improve on it they are met with negative feedback( i.e. nerd , workaholic , musclehead ... ) . And ppl wonder why our country is a fat , lazy , C+ student . 
Today's gonna be a long day , hope my 5hrs of sleep was enough 
Ugh , my head hurts 
can't wait for this year to be over 
Today was a good day ... not perfect , but good 
T-U-R-T-L-E POWER 
sleep 
Hello World 
How does 10mins of stupid fc*k up 24yrs of work ... fml 
Happy Birthday to my Pops , < PROPMALE > Wright 
hungry 
thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
let me know what you're doing 11/27 
Yo momma so old she used to gangbang with the Hebrews 
I'm a spacebound rocketship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm aimin ' right at you ... right at you 
Need to be productive today ... car , body , money 
First lag workout in months ... ya'll pray for me 
I made it but I know ima be sore as hell tomorrow 
off to work 
All i gotta do is make it through work and this lond a$$ weekend is finally over . 
much needed day off 
i really dont feel like doing anyting 
< PROPFIRST > McSupafly 
When I Get Right I Promise That We Gonna Live It Up 
finally watched Avatar ... good movie 
going to watch the fights @Hooters 
work 
off work tomorrow but it's still a busy day ... no rest 
of course when I actually feel like washing my car it rains ... smdh 
Coolin ' 
I Go Hard In The Paint !!! Well maybe not the paint but I'm bout to go Hard in the Gym !! AH !!! 
played a little thanksgiving day football now I'm ready to grub til I can't walk . 
I love Thanksgiving but you know you got the Itis bad when you fall asleep at the table after eating . Yup , I couldn't even make it to the couch ... awesome 
Like the elastic in a fat mans underwear , I'm worn out 
Contemplative ... 
Oh < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > you genius you 
please be an easy nnight tonight , i really don't feel like working . 
I'm so mean I'll piss a Happy Meal off 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Ok so the profile pic as a cartoon thing was a hoax by some sick @$$ ppl but I still had fun reliving the < PROPFEMALE > days . The 90's were so good . 
Sometimes , your whole life boils down to one insane move . 
... space bound ... 
Ugh , I could use a drink . FML 
Chillers tonight . Who's down ? 
Thanks , yet again you turned a good day into crap real fast . Guess this is what you call trying . 
hot myself feeling good again 
Long couple days , but it was worth it . 3.5 weeks 
Thor looks so legit 
d -_- b ... chillin 
I'm feelin like Diddy today so my aka for right now is Seabiscuit . 8-) 
Partied a little to hard last night . oooooweeee 
Might as well hit Citywalk with my boi < PROPMALE > and the peeps . Gonna take it easy tonight tho ... maybe . 
where's the love ? 
Red < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday 
Why do i think so much ? I wish I could have selective memory loss . Ugh , honestly I wish I could just wipe this whole year out . 2010 sucked in so many ways , c'mon Fate I'm ready for my visit . I don't wanna go back to ' I don't give a f**k mode ' but it's definitely easier to deal with all the bull . 
I hate being pissed on so does that mean I like getting pissed off ? I guess so since I always am ... whatever , ftw 
Tonight ended good ... listened to Outkast ( w/ a little bone thugs , bubba sparks , and kid cudi ) while watching the lunar eclipse , saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > , and had a loko . * sigh * Nice 
off to pick up some hrs 
i think my head's about to explode 
Lucifer rebelled against God . God is the parent of all things . All people rebel against their parents . So does that make us all devils ?? <3 EMM <3 
Watching Fraggle Rock :-D 
Time top do a little anger management 
You either die as the HERO or live long enough to see yourself become the VILLIAN 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas All !! Have a good one for me . 
Time to jingle some bels and give a little Christmas Football cheer out . Malibooyow !! 
Christmas sucks without ppl to share it with 
thanks to my hooters ppl and < PROPMALE > for being my < PROPMALE > fam on christmas . < PROPFIRST > you my dog too i just don't wanna interrupt the flow . love ya'll 
The plan was to drink until the pain over , but what's worse the pain or the hangover 
Damn , maybe one day I'll be normal ... todays not looking to good and tomorrows pretty doubtful too 
Sick but bout to go fill out some job paperwork . Back to grinding with 2 jobs ... fyi , I hate working . 
Do Not Pass Go , Do Not Collect $200 , Do Not F*CK With Me !! GAME OVER !! 
Didn't get everything done today that I wanted but I got some . I need money . 
relaxing 
Sushi 
Cheddar biscuits 
Rockit Rollercoaster has my seal of approval 
Gotta finish the week off good . 
tired , this past week's been ... something 
Finally got back to the gym after a week of bein off and feelin much better . Ready to get through the day and watch The GAME premiere . 
Damn , I don't know why I thought it was the 11th . Gotta wait for THE GAME tomorrow . BCS Bowl tonight 
I shoulda been a kicker . Play videogames and drink all week , maybe practice for abt an hr a week , sleep in film , then go out an win the National Championship . 
stupid work made me miss The GAME last night . I guess 11.5 extra hrs this week is worth it tho 
Everybody Dies But Not Everybody Lives 
Lifes a B*tch and I'll Die fot the Right One 
WTF !!! I'm a Pisces now ? Nope not cool with the zodiac changes , I'm staying an Aries 
OK , everyone can stop freaking out abt the zodiac thing . It doesn't affect us ppl in the Western world . Trust me or look it up . Still an Aries Baby !! 
don't feel like doing anything 
Anorher day another dollar 
So ... tired . Two jobs is rough . I'm at 45hrs and counting 
tgif 
so my life's starting to get stable aka boring , is this what being grown up is about ? 
We used to < PROPFEMALE > from a tree ... now we behind the rope , V.I.P. $o Ready 
one more long day this week , at least I get a paycheck tomorrow and saturday off . my first full day off in like 2 weeks ... what should I do ? any suggestions ? 
Went to Medieval Times ... AWESOME !! 
another long week begins 
worn out but i gotta hit the gym 
BAKA BAKA !!!!! 
not really feelin good today 
in f*ck it mode for some reason 
eh 
finally saw the captain < PROPFEMALE > trailer ... pretty good , even if he wasnt an original Avenger 
busy busy day , its all positive and im feelin good 
sometimes life turns you upside down so you can learn to live rightside up 
Ready to get out of the da , 
Ready to get out of this damn job 
I love when ppl talk sh ! t then b ! tch up when they come face to face . 
Dyings is Easy , Living is Hard 
When life gives you lemons , you paint that sh ! t gold 
ihop then a movie 
empty 
<--- miss my hair 
really ? really ? can u be that stupid ? 
i doubt you really want to know whats on my mind Facebook and thats good cuz i really don't wanna tell you . 
Forgiving is Easy ... Forgetting is Hard 
Met < PROPMALE > Camby at work 
havent had a phone for abt a week so if u been trying to get hold of me just send me a msg on here . 
just saw Wednesday night Fight Club is back at Makos ... Yea Boy !! 
work work work and waiting for my new phone 
Finally got my new phone so imma need those < PROPFIRST > 
Why are some ppl so damn sensitive and dramatic ? chill out and grow up or go get some help . 
Just shoot me , plz 
finally get a day off . a lot of plans , not a lot of time 
It was all a dream 
Happy St Pattys Day ya'll 
Going to play some mini golf with @ < PROPFEMALE > murphy 
saw < PROPFIRST > , liked it 
Tired , I feel like its gonna be a long day 
Sucker Punch 
MEGACON 
the days been good but its starting to slide ... tired of this 
I feel lie everyones at the beach but me ... lucky b @st @rds 
i need to move somewhere that doesnt have stupid ppl 
Workin security at makos 
Hoping all goes to plan 
2 more days 
