Awesome ! I just found out I was mentioned in an article on IGN.com the other day . There's a game I play called LittleBigPlanet where you create your own levels , and mine are some of the most popular in the game . I was also mentioned in PLAY magazine . You 

We cannot direct the wind , but we can adjust the sails . 
I have our 2003 marching show FBA performance on tape somewhere . I was thinking of posting it up for old time's sake . I just gotta find it ! 
I just bought a $235 computer chair . Well worth it . :D 
Ugh , it feels like everyone has found their path in life and I haven't . :( 
Playin Warhawk with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
I'm bored . 
i need a car badly . i only got 2 grand . :( 
OOOK I just purchased a digital piano even though I've already spent hundreds on presents .... I saw it at the music store and fell in love with it ... looked on Amazon , saw it cheaper , and bought it on impulse . Oh well . But at least I have something to look forward to while I'm at work for the weekend . :D 
last minute christmas shopping fml 
mannnnnn , this christmas is the best ive had for some time 
So < PROPFEMALE > was good to me . New comforter , a bunch of clothes , a nice pair of skullcandy headphones , a bunch of soap and razors . Of course not as exciting material wise but I buy my own stuff nowadays . But this year I felt more alive than ever before .... Or maybe it was from all the drinks I consumed . Oh well , I still had a great time . 
My brother and sister are 21 in a few days . I'm 22 next month . Time flies . 
2- 10:30 shift . So my day is shot :D 
I just bought a $35 pen because I thought it was cool . It's the original pen NASA uses on all their space flights . I'm a geek for that sort of thing . 
I wake up to these giant birds .... taller than me , making raptor noises right outside my window . I feel like I'm living at Jurassic Park . 
I bought LittleBigPlanet 2 bitches . I'm ready to get my sack on . 
If there's a God , he musta been on crack when he made me . 
got called into work at 5 in the morning ... came home at 1 , and now im gonna nap for a few hours before i go back to work at 6:30 today 
I have the greatest family in the world , they stayed up at 11:00 at night just to surprise me with cake and gifts , then we drank and watched some TV . Made a bad day into a good day . 
Leftover icecream cake . :D 
Called in early again . XD Every day of my life I'm called in . Least I get nice paychecks to compensate for it . 
Today was just one of those days ... where nothing good happened . And I got into a big argument with someone ... Usually I don't post negative stuff on facebook but yeah , I need to vent somewhere . 
