why can't I just teleport home ? The 5 hour drive is gonna kill me ... 

Sleep 
The irony of having a surgeon whose first case with me was putting an Olecranon plate in and now he is going to be getting the same plate put into him by his partners . Ice Skating is dangerous people . 
Packing & Running Errands & Packing ... 
In Anguilla , went to Veya last night . The Chef's Tasting Menu was AMAZING 
Farmville Peoples - send chickens ! I need 20 ... 
Last day in Anguilla ... :-( But I get to go < PROPFEMALE > in Annapolis & < PROPFEMALE > as soon as I get back . Okay , technically I get to go watch TV in lounges and freeze in ORs ... but hey , better then an office ! But no beach ... very sad . 
I come home from Anguilla and find my lil brother is visiting from Texas ... 
Foiled again ... 
Blarney 
Using only 4 words tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together . Then copy & paste this to your own FB status & see the responses you get ! 
OK ... lets ignore the obvious problems with the name IPad for now - What's with the cutesy dork need for twin names - IPod & IPad , really ? seriously ? Apple FAIL !!! 
Just finished watching Lord of The Rings - Two Towers . The Monologue/Dialogue never gets old . 
Okay Okay ... we get it ... REALLY - Stop trying to kill us with an Ice Age to make a point already !!! 
is wondering who is going to Katsucon next week . 
Got home at 3pm to batten down the hatches - Got a call at 4pm for medical equipment for emergency add-on tonight - drive to annapolis not bad . Drive back home took me back to my childhood . Weeeeeeeee - slip and slide Civic style - but no boom . 
There is no road ... 
There are no cars ... 
Go Saints ! The onside kick was priceless , but now a 2 point conversion ... sweet . 
Who knew Ice Age was a prophetic movie ? 
< PROPFIRST > - you and I are going back to Anguilla and looking for work . Just as soon as the airports reopen ... I'll risk the hurricanes ! - Now taking applications for roommates ... 
Sorry bout no Ting < PROPFEMALE > - < PROPFIRST > just told me about the store outside D.C. , just so you know who to blame ! 
The IPad ... 1 step down from the IBra 
Greatest Horror Movie I've seen in awhile - \Jesus Camp\ " . Christians everywhere beware who is teaching your kids - it could be these people . " 
No Incumbents Without Term Limits ! 
Notice to Weatherman - No more precipitation - liguid or solid - in < PROPFEMALE > , please . 
Engineers help advance technology . Teachers help make people smarter . Mechanics help make cars better . Scientists help us understand the world we live in . Doctors help make people better . You know - I dislike weathermen who never make the weather better , politicians who never help anyone but themselves & Journalists who just never help . 
Boycott Mexico - Their cops will plant drugs on you when you are drunk and then make you pay a bribe to not go to jail . Mexican Cops like bribes - the Drug Cartel's bribe the cops so they can kill people in broad daylight . When the Drug Cartels own the cops it is open season on tourists with money to be extorted . 
Decisions Decisions 
does not like needles 
wants to go see the < PROPFEMALE > Blossoms 
will be out late working tomorrow - case delayed from 1pm start to 5pm start - all my fault too - I suggested having 2 surgeons for a really messed up shoulder - motorcycles : supporting medical sales people everywhere . 
wants to know what is Hypochondrial DNA ? 
has just discovered Pastafarians 
is loving being back in Blacksburg 
just finished watching District 9 again 
loves the fact one brother has a dog named < PROPMALE > & another has a dog named Bear 
is exhausted . An Ulna Shortening , Clavicle and surprise last minute rush between hospital & office & back for a smashed elbow makes for a twelve hour day . 
is in Lake Placid , New York 
had some amazing scallops and enjoyed chatting with my cousins and the rest of the extended family . 
escaped the giant mutant alligator's clutches just in the < PROPMALE > of time . 
is about to do in some particularly annoying brain cells with some delicious delicious alcohol 
mmmm ... chocolate milk . 
Just got remind < PROPMALE > why kids should take sex < PROPMALE > in school - Highly religious parents that shelter or homeschool your children beware - You too could end up with a grandchild nam < PROPMALE > - Placenta ! 
studying - dinner - studying 
Patellar Reflex & Hormones . Anatomy & Physiology One almost over - Next week Anatomy & Physiology Two . 
Anatomy & Physiology completed - part 2 of 4 credits in 5 weeks starts monday ... where is the alcohol ? 
is taking over the world - taking requests now , apply below . 
wants a cookie 
can has cheezeburger ? 
is glad to still have three brothers ... people please remember to pay attention to stop signs and not park your SUV's on top of other vehicles . 
is very thankful to have an organized professor this time around 
needs more portals 
is hunting a Bronze Dragon - and when I find him ... 
thinks that when you give the government the right to legislate and impose your beliefs on others , you lose the right to object when the other extreme does the same ... vote problem solving moderates in and fire the crazies already . Bad tactics are bad tactics no matter which nut is using them . 
really wants < PROPMALE > to start already 
is done with second summer class and now waits for fall semester ... and for < PROPFIRST > to make up his dang mind ... Atlanta or Anguilla ... Atlanta or Anguilla ... 
has decided for < PROPFIRST > - we are going to Anguilla . Now he just needs to decide where we are staying :-p 
wants a modern day boycott to reign in the banks - find credit unions to join - transfer all bank accounts to those credit unions and get credit cards from them or go to cash if your cards add annual fees or other creative ways to rip you off . \ 
\ 
Customers ditching them equals better business ethics to get those customers back - not that I WOULD go back - Credit Unions are just better . 
mmmmm- sushi 
anyone else want to learn to scuba dive ? 
wants an ice cream sandwich 
wants a brother who actually buys ice cream sandwiches 
' s mother always told their that if you can't say anything nice , don't say anything at all ... too bad I was never any good at listening to my mom ... 
I've always had a hard time getting up when it's dark outside . \ 
But in space , it's always dark . \ 
[ morosely ] I know . I know . 
We are dreamers , shapers , singers , and makers . We study the mysteries of laser and circuit , < PROPFEMALE > and scanner , holographic demons and invocation of equations . These are the tools we employ , and we know many things . 
Every day , here and at home , we are warned about the enemy . But who is the enemy ? Is it the alien ? Well , we are all alien to one another . Is it the one who believes differently than we do ? No , oh no , my friends . The enemy is fear . The enemy is ignorance . The enemy is the one who tells you that you must hate that which is different . Because , in the end , that hate will turn on you . And that same hate will destroy you . 
is back from Atlanta , < PROPFEMALE > and now has to drive from Blacksburg , VA to Columbia 
responsible journalism - the new oxymoron 
wants to see what a Rally to Restore Sanity Looks like 
wants a mint chocolate chip cookie 
Fever , exhaustion and ickiness and some neighbor has decided to use up the last of their fireworks - anyone with spare energy and homicidal tendencies wanna come < PROPFEMALE > out on my street ? 
says welcome to the facebook holdout that finally joined :-p 
wants to know what happened to Fall ... Hot - Hot - Hot - Freezing ! Fall is supposed to be three months not two weeks ... 
it is all about covalent bonds baby 
Beer Beer Beer Beer Beer 
how amazing acupuncture is - better then drugs ! 
misses < PROPMALE > 
is watching a hot man make chili - mmm mmm Good 
Drove back from Blacksburg , got together with the whole family and now off again to study for school ... 
blah blah blah 
10/30/10 
Darker than Black 
1996 Vs . 2010 Microbiology is much more boring the second time around ... 
Deer Park or Dasani ? 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
just one more test left this round 
\We live in Hard times - not End times \"" 
is in Indiana , < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Thanksgiving & beware black friday 
I am Alive ... 
WooHoo - No shoveling for me :-) 
Interesting DIlemma - If one set of bigoted nuts killed the other bigoted nuts at Westboro Baptist Church , would the survivors protest at their members funerals ? And where would we fit all the \Karmas a Bitch\ " signs ? " 
Best Text message ever - no phones - < PROPFIRST > in Pennsylvania gets on WoW and tells Will in < PROPFEMALE > to go to my house and tell me to contact him already and therefore - Facebook ... 
happy for Egypt 
If you've never changed your mind about anything in your life , pinch yourself - you may be dead . 
wondering - what restaurant has the best pizza in Columbia ? 
how delicious would General Tso's or Sesame Chicken Pizza be ? 
mmmmm ... Blanchard's Goat Cheese Dip ... 
sees Sushi , mandatory nurse school meeting and a long drive to goat cheese dip in my future 
For the first time in 176,000 < PROPMALE > I had to have my baby towed ... soooo sad ... I almost cried - until the giggles took over ... who the hell ever has to tow a car for a broken windshield wiper motor ?!?!?!?!?! 
Stethoscope , penlight , bandage scissors , < PROPFIRST > clamp , retarded white shoes ? check . Next up - drug test , criminal background check , double ppd , and whatever else I am forgetting ... now for some WoW 
Sooooo ... any bets on Osama Bin Laden's first words after death ? 
sushi 
now has a key so her dad can't lock her out when she wants to come visit the cats at 1am - HA ! I win . 
contemplating the consequences of mowing the lawn WITHOUT picking up all the sticks in the yard ... dang trees littering up my yard 
