Theres so much shit on facebook , Idk wtf I'm doing . When did MySpace die ? 

Starting to really like Facebook , RIP MySpace ( Happy < PROPMALE >?) 
smoke n ' make music im a modern day hippie 
I found a doller on the ground , today was a good day . 
Gettin somewhere . 
Eyes hella low but I like this feelin . 
< PROPMALE > the F over - lets do it again tonight haha .. 
Fuck sobriety ! 
Having second thoughts ... Alot of them . 
Working on Saturday . . . awesome . 
Damn ... Monday already ? ///sigh 
Ugghh ... Monday morning , I need a drink . <3 VB 
Favorite past time cartoon character ? Easy ... ROCKO ! 
Just watched an episode of Seinfeld for the first time .. That shit was hilarious LOL . 
Eating Chef Boyardee Spaghetti & Meatballs ... straight out of the can - Lol - Bum mode for lunch ///sigh 
On point in that MW2 - show me the competition . 
Id even K 
Beer FTW 
My mom says I'm cool . 
Making coffee thanks to my boy CJ 
Apathy in my veins . 
lifting with ceejay - not as easy as i had assumed . 
Ploting 
Really Air force ? Really ? FML !!! 
Alcohol please enter my system . 
I hate haircuts 
Change . What a love , hate relationship . 
Put me in the clouds , I never want to come down . 
Ready for the night life . 
Piano bar is fuckin official 
So I missed UFC last night . Not trippin , It was a great Saturday night .. now if I could just remember what all happened . Lol . 
Monday already ? 
Stuck on old school Saosin . Here I go into the \one band\ " phase ///sigh " 
Dear air force : Oh how I despise you . 
Saying the final goodbyes to a friend , a brother ... tears come to my eyes . Life is so unfair but there is nothing I can do to change that . CJ we had good times brother , I will see you again sooner or later . 
Dear Change : I hate you but I love you ... mostly I hate you . 
Bout to gym it up with good ' ol < PROPMALE > 
Diversifying my bonds . 
Bout to get my f'in drink on . 
fucin goooooooooone . 
Dear Alcohol , You are my greatest social friend - However . . . you are most misleading . Stage 5 clinger . 
Sunday already ? 
All play and NO work . Thats how I live . 
Not GAF . Too easy . 
Oh yeah . Happy fuckin 420 ! 
Damn Insomnia 
The monotony of the AF work week , none other like it in the world . 
March to the CA state capitol for protest ... and I missed it , bummed . At least my sweetheart got to go represent ! 
So ready for the weekend . Whats happenin ? 
TGIF . 
Chillest friday ever . 
Dead phone . Missing my lady . 
DX left my phone at a buddies house . What could cheer me up ? BEER ! 
Best thing to do on a Sunday ? Get drunk . Haha 
Learning some AA on my synth . 
Ploting . 
<3 Seinfeld 
Unfortunate monotony . 
I wish it was the weekend already . 
LOL Tito Ortiz gets jail time for ' beating ' his wife . ARM BAR BIOTCH ! 
I once punched a magician in the face ... Yeah you heard me . 
Chillin with my < PROPMALE > Gym . XD 
2 Ambien and yet I'm still wide awake ... FML 
Ah . I miss the rain clouds . Waking up to sunshine and birds singing is NOT my idea of a good morning . 
Listen here ! 80's music is F'in amazing ! 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > Sims 8^D 
Yeah weekend FTW ! Farewell sobriety . 
The new Nightmare on Elm st. was NO good . 
Love that post workout feeling . Time to start loving this bottle of Jager ! :D 
I hella want to watch < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate factory - I love Old school classics ! 
Ambien can be a mother fucker . 
Flyin my kite . 
Going to the stor and just realized my shoer are HELLA comfortable . 
Lets all buy yo-yos and re-live the sixth grade ! 
Security in solitude 
LA lets do work on UT tonight ! 
Working out AND watching the Lakers do work on Jazz - nothing like it . 
Thank god for orange juice . 
Missing the California sunshine . More so missing <3 < PROPFEMALE > Bassi <3 
Snow in May - That makes perfect sense right ? -.- 
Unfortunately my Aunt passed away R.I.P. I will be in Cali starting Monday to see her be laid to rest . 
FB authorized at work on government computers ?? LOL . WTF were you thinking AF ? 
Gettin crazy on the < PROPFIRST > Foreman ! Go ahead , name something - I bet I can grill that shit . Chicken , shrimp , veggies , cats , babies even ? Shit I'll DO it ! 
<3 Ambien 
I Still love you Machida ! He'll be back for the belt ! 
I hate when my mind wanders . 
I would love to sleep someday . 
LOL ! So I'm looking at the tag of a shirt that I'm about to wash to read the right wash settings and the first line on the tag reads \Dirty laundry keeps women busy\ " Hahah ! I couldn't agree more . Guess whos doing my laundry when I get home .. < PROPFEMALE > Bassi - Love you babe . " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > AKA The life saver ! 
Enjoying the Cali weather . Have fun in Utah SUCKERS !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > . Discipline . 
Opportunity knocks . 
Two roads split off from here and my life goes running . 
Hah . I dont even care anymore . 
Last day in Cali ... ///SIGH 
A bar called ' The boxing donkey' ? This should be good . 
My last night in Cali couldn't of been better thanks to all my friends , and friends newly made . The boxing donkey has an amazing atmosphere and great people .. and what better way to end the night by being the biggest and loudest table at the local Dennys . 
My heart is cradled in thy stomach - Again I'm taken a thousand footsteps away . 
Time - I name you my enemy . 
Underoath has announced the production of a new record . I'm excited , and so is my penis . 
My eyes close - My thoughts race . When will I sleep 
The pages turn 
Off for some quality time with my friend Gym . 
Oh muse ! Sing in me and through me tell the story of that man skilled in all the ways of contending . A wanderer , harried for years on end ... 
Although you may be having a bad day today , remember - Theres another one coming tomorrow . 
I'm no poor story teller , just a poverish soothsayer . You can smack me into shape if you'd like , or we could talk all night . 
If some gay FB quiz says that I answered a question about you , please ignore it . I wouldn't click on it either . 
4 day weekend - Lets do this ! 
Working is the curse of the drinking class . 
“I am getting so far out one day I won't come back at all . ” < PROPFIRST > S . Burroughs 
I breath you in with the promise of sleep again . 
Theres too many gotdamn poke'mon .. 
I love my squadron , its the fucking blind leading the blind in an everyday attempt to fuck the morale of the very employees that keep it running . Thanks air force ! 
A rule is nothing more than an attempt to limit the enjoyment of my existence . 
All you Lakers haters - What say you now !? 
Everybody should believe in something ; I believe I'll have another drink . 
Just watched the UFC 114 live weigh ins - So many people booed < PROPMALE > Evans and thats because they know full well that Rampage < PROPMALE > is going to put his punk ass to sleep tomorrow ! I cant wait to see it . 
Before I take this plunge , I wipe my eyes dry . 
Tonight is going to be intense . 
UFC 114 - Its about that time . 
Althought its 5am , < PROPFIRST > and I are considering BBQ'ing . 
Indeed it has been one helluva weekend . 
FYI . I Dont like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - I actually quiet dislike paramore as well . I joined the fan < PROPFEMALE > for one reason - trash talk about the recent event with her twitter account . 
You tried your best and you failed miserably . The lesson is ' never try ' . - < PROPMALE > Simpson 
Only a fool seeks logic in the chambers of the human heart . 
D:< Ugghh ! No phone charger means no texting my girlfriend <3 .. and thats just un-American ! 
A pirates life for me ! 
Whatever definition of ' laziness ' there may be , I certainly fit the criteria . 
I'd like mornings better if they started later . 
I've realized that for me finding the motivation to work is a lot like finding the Lindbergh baby . ( A history buff would appreciate this statement ) 
There comes a time when you have to just say ' fuck this ' - That time came for me on 1 March 1988 . 
Weekends and alcohol ; thank you God . 
Next weekend < PROPFIRST > and I begin Expedition End Game ; a hastly organized series of expeditions to some of the worlds most mysterious , and controversial places . First travel is to the uncharted wilderness of Alaska ; next month .. sailing the Bremuda Triangle . We are certain this expedition will claim our lives ; hence the name End Game . 
* Not even you would understand . 
Some see Sunday as a day of worship ; I see it as a day of recovery . 
\We have met the enemy and he is us . \ " - Pogo " 
< PROPMALE > & Fear . Amazing book , I recommend it . 
The idea in the head is always perfect . Resistance begins when you try to convert it to reality . 
I swear we need to find some comfort in this run down place . 
'' Oh my I've written one too many lies this time . Muscles as sore as the loser I am . '' V.T.M. 
\No day is so bad that it cant be fixed with a nap\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Snow " 
Saturday UFC 115 . < PROPMALE > or Liddell ? 
Olympic size , heated , indoor swimming pool . The A.F. finally did something right .. 
I'd offer my hand but then I'd be lowering my defenses . Im obliged not obligated , I hope you understand . - VTM 
I really miss my boo . 
Send me to sunset . 
Just watched a 1986 film called ' Labirynth ' ... Interesting . 
Save us from this open wound we call ' weakness ' 
A weary transgression has made it's transit to my yearning heart . VTM 
She is the voice before I dream <3 
\Beer is the cause and solution to all of life's problems\ " - < PROPMALE > Simpson " 
2006 film ' Children of Men ' ... Amazing . 
Yo Celtic fans ... U MAD ? 
Does it make me an alcoholic if I'm excited by the thought of getting completely smashed tonight ? 
What beats drunk bike riding @ 3am ? 
At this rate we cant keep up - but I sure cant just sit still . 
I love when you wake up feeling like shit after a night you can hardly recall , and those famous words are said ~ I'm never drinking again ! 
$9.00 walmart slip n ' slide & alcohol . Lets see where this takes us . ( Hopefully not the hospital ) 
Weekends are such a drunken blur . 
Cheech & < PROPFIRST > ; truly a dynamic duo . Never have I seen two stoners encounter the police so often yet manage to evade them so easily . 
Another sleepless night .. 
If we're going to trip we're doing this in style . 
GOt some Capt . in me . See me at MW2 . 
Apparently you only need 4 hours sleep before commencment of next day drinking - Ugh ! Here we go again . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Iz BEAST M0DE !! 1 ! 
' It doesnt matter what you say . You never mattered anyway ' - UO 
' Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens ' - Gimli 
The military has a knack for wearing my < PROPFEMALE > thin . 
Its dangerous business walking out your front door ... 
Text I just received ( Unedited , word for word including spelling ): _hi < PROPMALE > name is < PROPMALE > i sow u drum st that u are selling on ksl . Dude i do contruction from plumbing to carpenter rofing walls batron i have my own company dude i havent alot because of the economy but my son its so exited to have an elictric drum set so if need anything to be fic let me know so we can make a deal_ 
I've forgotten more shit than you have ever learned . 
Nothin but love for you Lesnar but Corwin is about to do work tonight . 
Now that I have one , I believe in them . 
Thanks to some inconveniences last night , I now have NO phone . The best way to get in touch with me is through a Facebook message or IM . Isn't this just f'ing great ! 
Alcohol can lead to some really stupid decisions . Im just now realizing this ? LOL . 
Theres something about the night that changes people . 
Although the career of < PROPFIRST > Richards has surely come to an end ; the character Cosmo Kramer ( Seinfeld show ) will not be soon forgotten . 
This morning I watched an episode of ' Animal cops ' aired on Animal Planet ; it brought to my attention that there are some sick , and pathetic human beings out there . 
Theres no such thing as awkward silence when your talking to yourself . 
You've taveled far . What have you found ? 
Press on . Nothing can take the place of persistence . Talent will not ; the world is full of unsuccessful people with talent . Genius will not ; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb . Education alone will not ; the world is full of educated derelicts . Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent . - < PROPMALE > Coolidge . Amazing quote to live by in my opinion . 
Give me a gun and I'll go looking .. 
Just picked up Miss May I's album \Apologies are for the weak\ " SO brutal ! " 
Life ... so amusing Lol . 
The darker things get the better I see . 
I was just told that I'm '' concentration camp skinny '' . Hm .. 
\Its too hot outside\ " is a complaint I could never concur with . I love the baking heat of summer . The hotter the better . " 
Fact : Fat people are harder to kidnap , and expensive to maintain . 
I <3 Haters 
Leftover chow hall ice cream for breakfast . WIN ! 
Drop Dead , Gorgeous tonight .. Holla ! 
<3 Alcohol 
Just a come back another come back ; far too orchestrated far too calculated . 
I'm sick of biting my nails over you . 
I have many leather bound books and my apartment smells of < PROPMALE > mahogany . 
LOL . Does Sonnen really believe he is going to defeat < PROPFEMALE > ? 
' I'll have his wife just to display my power , I'll drink his wine and spit it right back out . Somewhere I grew legs . ' 
I know when to stop drinking ... just not how . LOL . 
Stay classy Sacramento . 
Sushi is such an incredible food . 
I fucking <3 my Ipod .. ESPECIALLY when its on shuffle . I have yet to name my Ipod though ; any suggestions ? 
17 days until I'm a civilian . Thank you sweet baby Jesus ! 
Killin time . Killin time . 
I dont like stepping on sidewalk cracks . I go out of my way to avoid them . 
I will gladly pay you tuesday for a hamburger today . 
Dodge duck dip dive dodge . 
I shall cleverly disguise myself as a \responsible adult \"." 
I have this sudden urge to take a train ride across the entire continental US . 
They say \You're an alcoholic if you drink every day\ " - This is why I drink at night . " 
has become a fan of \not becoming a fan of everything on facebook \"." 
I <3 Hennessey . All night every night . 
Cancel my subscription - I don't need your issues anymore . 
Pour me a glass but don't be cheap with the wine . 
Leave no couch un-fucked ! 
\9/11\ " - Proudly brought to you by your local government and falsely sponsored by '' terrorism '' . Do some research friends ; our government isn't as ' good ' as I'm sure you would like to think . " 
I keep stepping in and out of the shadow . 
< In Cali til Sunday . 
\Thats right monkey .. play my head\ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Chargers lookin damn good ! 
\I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven .. when I awoke I spent that on a necklace \"" 
I had a dream last night . I dreamt I was a dove flying over the sea and then I dove into the ocean ... and I swam with the dolphins . I was two animals joined as one ... which meant - good things are coming . Good things . 
Uniform - $120 . Boots - $80 . Getting woke up at 5am because of a dormitory \drug raid\ " and put on a bus headed straight for the urine analysis clinic - fucking priceless . This is what I get for joining the dumbass Air Force . Fuck morale right ? " 
God creates dinosaurs . God destroys dinosaurs . God creates man . Man destroys god . Man creates dinosaurs . Dinosaurs eat man . Women inherit the earth ... 
A Scanner Darkly , first time viewing and I was pleased . 
Its not what you know . Its what you can prove . 
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow . - Aesop , The Dog and the Shadow . 
Unfortunate monotony 
<3 Orange soda . Yes I do I do I d o-o oo . 
I am no longer required to report for military duty and as of next Friday I will no longer be an official military member . I couldn't be more pleased about this . I have my life back . 
Word . 
word . 
Civilian status ~ 4 days . \ 
I got a bone to pick with so many people that I couldn't before because of boundaries I once pretended to give a fuck about . No more pretending . 
Would so rather be drunk right now . 
Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas ... funniest shit ever ! 
Stoked to see my woman tonight ! :D 
80s night is the shit ! Play that Depeche Mode ! 
October 27th 11am . Peace out air force . 
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
My advice : Establish a network and don't fall asleep . 
Sour skittles are seriously multiple orgasms in my mouth . 
I wish Mr. McFeely delivered my mail .. dude was so reliable . 
Sushi dinner buffet with my sweetheart . 8 months today :D 
Nothin but love for that Chargers defense . 
Got all my classes scheduled . 16 units in 1 semester ... Ima be one busy < PROPFEMALE > . 
December 7th ... a day that lives in infamy . 
Thanks to all my friends who have NOT given in to playing this \number game\ " lol . Go non-comformity ! " 
I put the pro in procrastination . 
Some men just want to watch the world burn . 
Suckin off boord 
Mornings suck . 
Customer : \Do you actually work here\ " -.- .. No I just thought I'd wear my ' < PROPMALE>' atire today ... " 
What do I want for xmas ? A bottle . Drinking is about the only thing this damned holiday is good for . Humbug ! 
My mobile is either lost or stolen . Contact me through FB . 
Oddly enough .. I actually like NOT having a mobile . Serenity . 
Head change . 
We're just two lost souls swimmin in a fish bowl year after year . 
Maybe this world is another planet's hell . ~ Aldous Huxley 
Wake and bake before school ? I think yes ! 
My morning just isnt complete without deathmetal <3 @Suicide Silence 
Call back when I'm honest . 
Through observation I have concluded that only 2 types of people ride the bus & lightrail ... students & tweakers . 
Turn up the fuckin music ! 
Although you may be having a bad today , remember , theres another one coming tommorow . 
So many people are so full of shit lol . 
onward&upward 
I really hate < PROPFIRST > Rogan , the sound of his voice makes me want to punch puppies . 
Vodka + MountainDew = WIN ! ( andGFpassedoutinbed ) 
I wish I could copyright the '' thumbs up '' hand gesture . 
I sincerely hope < PROPFIRST > Bieber is involved in a fatal car accident . 
My life is a cup of sugar I’ve borrowed before time began and forgot to return . 
From a philosophical perspective ... I should delete my FB/myspace accounts . 
I was floating in a peacful sea ' rescued ' by a sinking ship . 
Why the fuck is Music Business such a complicating/confusing class ? 
Sativas give me such extraordinary ideas . 
If you die do you technically become closer to god since you no longer exist ? 
What does ' god ' have in common with ' jobs ' in < PROPFEMALE > ? NEITHER EXIST ! 
Requiem for a Dream ... beautiful . 
You've got the look of a skeptic in head lights . 
More people came to see where I once stood than had ever come to visit while I was there . 
Try to hold a candle to the funeral the honeymoon , the accident in front of you .. but it blows out . 
This games winner is ... PEACH ! ... U C @NT C M3 ! 
Haters increasing my fan base . 
The candle burns on both ends so where does it leave us - Ø 
The tag on my red Enjoi shirt reads : \Dirty laundry keeps women busy\ " :) " 
The Hangover part II ? Really ... Why do the worst movies get sequels ? 
