Triple close to end the Christmas break . I love it . :( 

Hi umm , I'm just testing this out , I'm not gonna put photos on until I decide I like it :D . The only reason I'm doing this is to waste time until I'm ungrounded from my video games . 
< PROPFEMALE > how about them Cowboys being ranked #2 by sports center for this season ? 
Texas Rangers series vs . Orioles . Win : 0 Loss : 4 . I'm very disappointed and upset leading into the allstar break . 
Tennis match ? My alias is < PROPMALE > Nadal . 
I like the first < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > win and then the amazing CJ < PROPMALE > pitching . Basically , take Feldman out of the line-up for Texas and add < PROPMALE > Holland and you have your championship pitching staff . Thank-You Rangers for a good year finally . 
< PROPFIRST > Feldman pitching . Rangers : 0 Angels : 3\ 
What did I say last night huh !? 
Inception is possible !! If only that were true , what would you do if you could be a dream architect ? 
So I met this girl who is extremely shy . It's quite funny actually but I find it to be cute . She is really funny when she talks and is a nice person . I had a good day at the mall with her and talking with her on the phone . Might have a girlfriend soon :D . 
Wow !! Would the Rangers please give < PROPFIRST > some freaking run support ??!!?! I mean the man pitches one of the greatest games of his career and you give him 1 run ? And the one run the A's scored was off of Ranger stupidity !! 
Alright gettin off facebook , wanna talk just text . 972-689-8151 
Anyone know < PROPFEMALE > Minshew ? 
Tonight is the night I pwn some noobs on my video game . Competition starts in about 27 minutes ! I'm getting ready to win the finals and score some good reputation . 
Didn't really see the ranger game for once .. but from what it looks like is Harden pitched great :) ! Hope he keeps it up . 
So I'm getting my new m15x alienware computer really soon like hopefully tomorrow or the next day ! Whoop Whoop !! :D 
Ready to be off work ! :( \ 
Want to see my beautiful laptop so bad !! 
Laptop arrival = success . Game downloads = success . Gaming = amazing . Adjusting to the awesomeness = HaRd . 
List of favorite books : The Black Company series , < PROPMALE > Potter series , < PROPFIRST > Cross series , The Warded Man , The Desert Spear , Artemis Fowl series and last but not least The Seventh Tower series . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > owner of rangers ?! That's the best thing that could've come out of this . Those of you wanting < PROPFIRST > Cuban don't realize that the Mavericks haven't won with him ? < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > helped turn this team around and put it to where it is today . 
Early morning breakfast before bed ? I like it . 
You ever get the feeling where you are one giant backpack ? It's awesome . 
Today we begin the rules of First Person Shooters . \ 
Rule #1 - Aim and tap the mouse , don't hold it down . 
The 4th season of the World Online Gaming League is about to start this Sunday :D !!! \ 
Being the only sniper on your team ? +2 points for reflexes . 
Rule #2 - Use your sound to pinpoint your enemies . 
Had a pretty good night with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and met someone knew who goes by the name of Quintaria . Went to go watch the other guys . Great movie ! It was hilarious . :) 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!! 
Rule #3 - Train your eyes to see differences in the scenery . 
HAPPYYYYY BIRTHDAYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
....... you ever feel like this ? 
I'm happy that my team is sponsored for my video game . Feel appreciated . 
Having fun with Bubble Wrap ? Yes please . 
16.5 the magic number that upsets me 
Homework on 3 : 1 , 2 , 3 Homework . 
Haven't been to church since I don't remember when , things were going great til they fell apart again . So I listen to the preacher as he tells me what to do . He said you can't go hatin ' others who have done wrong to you . Some times we get angry , but we must not condemn . Let the good lord do his job , and you just pray for them ! 
I'm terrible when it comes to staring . I like to stare for some reason even though it's rude . 
Any bowlers on the Flower Mound team should wear their shirts on Tuesday and Thursday . 
I like the freakin pimple/zit whatever it is in the middle of my forehead between my eyes that never goes away lol . 
I would like my friends to be able to be spontaneous and not have restrictions ! What fun is it in having to do the same things because you aren't allowed to do stuff that is actually fun ?!? 
< PROPFEMALE > up that red dress . Let down your hair . Cancel those reservations , there's no need to go no where . As good as your lookin ' right now . Girl I bet your thinkin ' i'm crazy . There's a side of you that I wanna see that never ceases to amaze me . 
Italian bread ! 
I think my peach cup was a little too happy . I went to open it up and it squirt on my face ! 
Two handed for the win ? 
It's quiet ... too quiet . 
Soooo , I'd like to take a poll . Should I practice two handed ? or when I can go straight back to one ? 
I definately like what I'm seeing out of the Rangers . Taking advantage of opportunities is what winning in the post season is all bout . Let's go home and bring the brooms out ! 
\I've got people to do and things to see . \ " -Anonymous " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > starting tomorrow :o . I'm kind of surprised , a little disappointed , and hopeful that he does good . I would much rather see our ace close it out though to just get our first post season victory ever . 
I'm ready to win this dance dance revolution competition . Step master TOT is feelin the beat . 
Phone broke got my new one , need < PROPFIRST > again either text me 972-689-8151 or send me ur number in a msg . 
THAT'S IT !!!! WE'RE IN THE SECOND ROUND OMG !!!! RANGERS ARE #1 BABBYYYYY . GO KINSLER , GO RANGERS !!!!! 
Second Post of ranger game : That was an AwesomeLee pitched game ! < PROPMALE > = My Hero . What a great team effort by the Rangers . I think we are ready to face the Yankees . 
This year is going by super fast and I'm excited . I've been able to meet some cool new people and I am anxious to move forward . 
The people that a bowling alley attracts after dark just never ceases to amaze me . 
Great game Rangers !!!! First home victory in the post season :D Woot !! 
9 innings of beautiful shut out baseball !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , you are a freaking artist on the mound ! 
Are you kidding me umpires ? Let's not even review and baby the yankees some more . 
MOLINAAA !!! 
HAMBONEEE !! 
Good Job Rangers !!!!! Let's keep up the good work ! 
Cant wait for Friday . 
New FMHS bowling shirt : XXX on the front and on the back either 1 . FMHS Bowling - Our balls are the biggest . or 2 . FMHS Bowling - We use our balls the best . Want to ? 
I might start working out . Haha , anyone have any program suggestions ? 
Wow ! Miley will never stop - Watch miley < PROPMALE > with new boyfriend - Leaked News => http://bit.ly/miley < PROPMALE > s 
Cowboys game Sunday ... anyone want to go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , apparently you shouldn't play baseball in the dark because it's hard to see the baseball . 
Cowboys game was awesome !!! Lost 35-17 but just the atmosphere was amazing ! Just wish that some of my friends were there , it would've been much more fun :) . 
College is dangerously close . 
Well , you put on a good run Rangers . I'm sure all of your fans are proud of you and seeing as you are a young team who's franchise has never been to the World Series let alone the ALCS we have some good times to look forward to . 
Ughh , feelin prettty down atm . Can't wait for college , hopefully out of state at University of Colorado at Boulder . 
Why oh why did I ever quit playing baseball ? Stupidest decision of my life . 
There should be a soap opera made at AMF Lewisville . It would be a huge hit . 
Get over it . :) You can't do anything about what they are going to do . Just be glad that you got out before you were caught in the sorrowness for ever . 
I'm extremely bored so if you have a question you want to ask I'll answer it . 
Practice time . 
< PROPFIRST > Frankenstein ! 
Christmas break most likely going to Arizona and up into the mountains where quite possibly I might be able to snowboard !!! :D :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter 7 part 1 was a great movie ! I can't wait for part 2 it will be the best one yet !! 
Work tonight , then I get Monday-Thursday off . Anyone wants to do anything those 4 days just text me or call . Don't know my number ? Message me . 
Bright and early on the break week :) 
So I may be too late on this , but someone told me at school that on Tuesday the bowling team was planning on getting together for like a practice or something . I'm probably going to just < PROPFEMALE > out up there and see if anyone shows up . If you want to come no need to rsvp if you want to figure out what time to be up there you can txt or msg me . 972-689-8151 . 
Hurry up cold weather ! 
<--- Suppressed Anger issues 
I was left speechless about 5 minutes ago .. 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this to your status :) 
Airsoft wars , need people to get a massive war ctf style . I know four - five people who are down but we need 16 . 
I like closing with < PROPFIRST > Smyser . Always leave the building laughing . 
Hi 
SnowBunnies ? Yes please . 
1 more week after tomorrow ..!!! I'm super duper excited ! 
Fun night at the Davenport's house watching the fights ! GSP kicked some butt . :D 
Good bowling today < PROPFIRST > . Way to go team ! 
You're wierd ! 
I love SportsNation ! One of the greatest shows on earth . 
Have arrived safely in Arizona . Next stop - Snowboarding . 
Snowboarding was amazing !! I so wish that I could live on a mountain and just board every day ! Boarding for four days straight open to close though has reminded me how out of shape I am . 
Let Me Down Easy - < PROPFIRST > Currington 
Exams ! 
Laptop , desktop , laptop , desktop . Portability ? Performance ? Aghhhh ! 
To my ear infection that won't go away , I have this to say . \ 
I hate you . 
I loved working Super Bowl Sunday ( sarcasm ) . 
High School bowling regionals this weekend . We need to do good this year , it's been a rough few years but I think this could be it . 
I'd like to congratulate < PROPFIRST > Tan ... wow 879 was it ? 300,300,279 ? 
Thank-you to all the seniors at Flower Mound who have realized what it means to put your differences aside and just be nice for a change . It's refreshing . 
It really sucks to not be able to < PROPFEMALE > out with your teammates right after a big competition where you did really well because you have to work . And then , to add on , you have to close at 12:00 which ends up being 12:30 -45 . 
Fun time in < PROPFIRST > this weekend , kind of sad it ended so quickly . Would've liked to stay there a few extra nights , but glad to be back home at the same time . 
Getting the Taboo for my early Birthday present ! Can't wait to see what this sucka can do . 
I'm excited for this weekend . It's our final oppurtunity and I think we have grown together as a team . It's our time . \ 
\ 
Let's go FMHS bowling team and do our best in State ! 
My mouth is all puffy and numb from the dentist visit :( . 
Bleh ! 
You're the best . 
There's so much on my mind right now .. but this should sum it up - Why ? 
Thank-you Beltre ! 
