is baking cookies for all the boosters up here ! 

just learned how to become a human weapon thanks to an instructional dvd . 
( the human weapon ) spent her morning shoveling dirt . 
( the human weapon ) got some smoking hot deals garage saleing this morning ! 
thinks her baking soda toothpaste tastes like the sheep barn at the fair . 
is at the Island County Fair ! 
has blackberry stained fingers . 
is trying to get out of the house to the grocery store . Well , not trying too hard , obviously . 
is making zucchini bread from summer squash . Can you do that ? 
just found her old ipod , one of the old school , original gangsta ones ! 
just made her first homemade pasta ! Sooo exciting !!! 
is finding out that her new hotub isn't near as \free\ " as she thought . Turns out you can't just add some water and plug it in ! " 
is making applesauce and toasting hazelnuts ! 
just found the remains of a coffee bean in < PROPFIRST>'s teeth . The next hour or so should be REAL fun . 
just got a new dog ! He is a guide-dog-for-the-blind flunk out . Good news = he is very well behaved . Bad news = his name is < PROPFIRST > . 
House is quiet . Kids asleep , < PROPFIRST > is helping the neighbor pull a dead deer out of his yard . Man I love silence . 
When picking up dog poo in the yard , I have learned that it is much easier to find it all if you take your toddler with you . Or do it barefoot . 
I found a ring in my living room carpet that wasn't there the last time I vaccuumed ( sp ? ) so if anyone lost a ring here in the last 6 mos or so , give me a call ! 
Thankful for an extra half hour this morning to read the ol ' Biblio ! 
After 3 years of the same TV , I just found out it has picture-in-picture ! ( Baby < PROPFEMALE > got ahold of the remote ) This is like my birthday come early ! 
What would cause a child to fill the dog's water with said dog's pooh ? 
Sooooo ... I have been telling people all year that I am 34 , but it turns out that I have been 33 and only just now am 34 . What kind of luck is that ? 
First night in Canada ! Peachland on Lake Okonogan . I am exhausted and apparantly the kids are NOT . 
First cell service/internet/civilization in days ! Whitehorse , Canada and big plans for a shower tonight ! 
North Pole ! That's right , we spent the night in the North Pole at < PROPFEMALE>'s House ! ( rv park ) 
Finally moved in to our new apartment ! Now , if I could only get internet outside of McDonald's free wifi ! 
Beautiful day at the Chena hotsprings ! Then the truck caught fire on the way home and the kids screamed in the tow truck all the way back to our apt . Biking to church tomorrow . 
I have found that if you force children to eat McDonalds , they eventually like it ! I am ashamed that I know this . 
Home internet , thy name is heaven ! Sorry Mcy Dinglhoochey , you will get no more of my money for a small fries and cup of water . 
Sunburned ! Curse you , beautiful weather , that lures me outside only to punish my tender flesh ! 
We just got back from visiting Daddy's plane at the Ak smkj base . And I found out that I used to jump ! I completely forgot ! 
In Denali ! That's right ! The most beautiful mountain town on the edge of a national park with 2 babies that need naps every 5 minutes and to be carried everywhere . And I left my phone on the train . 
Rachel : \Jack 
How is it that Lost is over , and yet life continues ? 
It is only 12:15 !? In the afternoon , and not midnight !? Man , my coffee must be broken . 
To bed at midnight , up @ 5:30 . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Fairbanks smells beautifully like smoke ! The wonderful smell and a soft bed at night , the best of both worlds ! 
Why is it that the kids are not interested in eating anything unless I am screaming \no no no ! Don't put that in your mouth !! NO !! Spit that out ! Icky Icky Garbage !! NO ! NO ! NO ! \"" 
Just sprained her ankle at the McDonald's playland . 
homemade almond joy ! mmmmm ... ( 5lbs ) .. munch .. crunch .. ( 10 lbs ) ... gulp .. ( 15 lbs ) ... 
After 3 years of no running , I just finished the Midnight Sun Run 10k ( actually 6.5 < PROPMALE > ) in 1:06 !!!!!! I am feeling really good about myself !!!!! No guarantee how I will be feeling tomorrow . But I have a sneaky suspicion it won't be even close to good . 
Holy Cow ! I now remember why I haven't run for 3 yrs ! Why did I do that ? 
Just lost the will to live . Stupid Ghana . 
Is now an official card carrying member of the Turtle Club ! Are you a Turtle ? 
You will not believe what I just had to scrub out of the carpet . Thanks alot < PROPFIRST > . 
Buzzing oven timer ... Emily screaming ... milk spilling ... poopy diapers ... hot flash ... SERENITY NOW ! SERENITY NOW ! 
Flying home in one week ! Bittersweet really . Bitter because of the 5 hour plane ride with the kids by myself . Sweet because I put some < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse on the Zune for them to watch ! 
my claim to fame : married to the man who dropped the jumpers on the fire caused by a plane crash in Denali ! Morbid , yes . But fame none the less . 
I would love to invite you guys over for lunch ! We have some food that we need to get rid of before we leave tomorrow and I could use some help ! 12:00 or so ? 
Last minute packing , and a 5 hour flight home ! 
Washington ! I am home ! 3 hours of sleep , but it doesn't seem to be slowing the kids down ! 
Ok , not Twisp home , but Wenatchee ( Mom's ) home . It has free 24-7 babysitting ! And cousins to play with , and tricycles to ride ... 
East Wenatchee Sushi , look out ! Mommy's go the night off ! 
Hubby is still in Alaska ! The Fam is missing him big time ! 
If you spell < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in Scrabble , you win ... Forever . 
Home !!! We are home ! Not completely unpacked , mind you , but home ! 
Still trying to recover from last weeks overnighter to Scatter creek . I think I broke a toe ! 
Fully recovered from our 2nd Annual Apple Cider Pressing weekend ! 45 gallons ! And 1 gallon of prune juice , or \liquid gold\ " as I like to call it . " 
Just saw \The Other Guys\ " . Awesome . Definately Will Ferrill's finest . " 
goodnews = I think that I just lost 10 lbs ! bad news = it was mostly the skin off my knuckles while helping Mom and < PROPFIRST > roof thier house . 
< PROPFEMALE > painted for the first time this morning ! Her toys with her yogurt . 
\Of course I can fly an airplane ! \ 
So , we got a cat . Orange tabby , abandoned , found and pawned off on us . He came with a litter box and half full bag of Jonny Cat litter . Hence his name - Jonny Cat . 
The kids just flew with Daddy for the first time ! We had a birthday party for < PROPFIRST > today , and flew around for the afternoon ! And I forgot my camera . 
< PROPFIRST > , at age 3 yrs has graduated from calling me \mommy\ " to calling me \ " mom\ " . \ " mommy\ " is for babies . " 
have been using homeopathic , natural stress relief liquid drops for a couple weeks . Just found out they were for my dog . Which explains why they didn't work . And the taste . 
Snow is slowly melting ! Spent the morning in the sunshine out cleaning up the yard ! And I think we could get by feeding our dog ALOT less . 
