eating minty ice cream , watching the newest Underworld movie ( again ) on DVD , and planning on cleaning ... tomorrow - I promise ! lol 

work in 11 hours ... 
has a new papasan :) 
finishes some MUCH needed cleaning in the new digs : ) Hooray for a new and prettier apartment ! 
is in Vegas , too ! 
probably needs sleep within the next five hours . 
is getting her life organized ... perhaps the summer has officially started 
waits for work to come in ... 4 hours and 45 minutes ... not sleepy ... suppose I will default to finishing laundry 
still awake ... 2 hours 50 minutes ... 
has July 4th debauchery to attend . 
feels productive 
has some decisions to make 
is being so lazy . 
is so sleepy 
feels lucky , and tired . 
is pretty sure she likes commercials more than television shows themselves ... except maybe \Chopped\ " in HD and \ " The First 48 \"" 
hasn't been able to turn on her phone for almost 24 hours ... wth ? 
got a new tennis racket : ) 
thoroughly enjoyed late-night tennis 
changed her own car battery . 
opened this morning . Oil change , tire rotation ( and balance stupid Jiffy Lube ) , return battery core , a spot of laundry , and then off to Gilroy for the festival : ) 
has new DS . 
must get sleep ... work in five hours . 
2 hours 45 minutes ... 
work work work 
looks forward to school ... kind of 
wants Flower City Chinese Food and bowling !!! Woo ! 
feels prepared 
has had a dead phone since 5 am - sorry if you've been trying to contact me lol 
loves that her LSAT prep course used the following as an example of a conditional statement : If SC -> WT ( which equates to ) , If you sleep with your cousin then you are white trash ... is that considered politically incorrect ? 
planning the end 
has more faith in USPS than in the CSU system ... 
yay for mock trial : ) Although it will be my last year - STOKED that it is a murder case ! 
swapping classes ... ugh . 
would love to know if anyone has taken a MGT or HRM course with Houts ... anyone ? 
it's official ... school has begun . Oh yes , and Fresno smells like stinky cows . 
needs a good brain-food snack while she keeps studying for the LSAT ... or perhaps a magic wand ? 
had tennis today . Tomorrow will be < PROPMALE > 122 , < PROPMALE > 118 , HRM 153 , and PLSI 185 ... yay for class 5 days a week 
had an AMAZING first official meeting . Now for homework ... ugh 
has to read foreverrrr ..................................... 
read read read read read read read laundry read laundry laundry read read mock trial read read read mock trial . I need a life . 
home from work finally , time to read 
just printed a document from her laptop to the school printer ! For those of you who have known how to do this : do not ruin this for me ... Yay ! 
dissects \The Libertarian Manifesto\ " ... so much to read ... " 
works in 3 and a half hours ... dumb ! 
hasn't had her phone on her all day , FYI . Left it at the apartment when I left for school today ... so if you've tried to contact me via my cell , that is why . 
no no no no no ... it's not \sobriety\ " . My esteemed colleagues have decided it is \ " sober-ness\ " ... really ? Psh . " 
time to change a tire . Dumb . 
doesn't really care that much ... at all ... about football . Sorry to my loyal bulldog colleagues , but it's true . 
The Colony on Discovery Channel is a bit hardcore for me , but it's addicting ! 
cleaning and pondering some financial decisions ... damn bills and life necessities . 
put forth some effort and you will be rewarded . 
mock trial and other studious activities in the library ... 
Reading List : Penal code - check . Jury instructions - check . Stips - check . Grand jury indictment - check . Order addressing defendant's motion to suppress - check . Order further addressing motion to suppress - check . State's offer on plea of guilt - check . Motion to enter guilty plea - check . Case law - check . When does it end .... now for the affidavits ... 
finished dinner , time to work on that paper and study for HRM 153 with SWCW in the background lol 
hasn't watched Extreme Makeover : Home Edition in the LONGEST time ! 
has her fingers crossed - oh and her phone is dead lol 
let the avalanche of reading begin ... 
Starbucks VIA Ready Brew : This ain't yo mama's instant coffee !! 
you're all ridiculous . 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > McPhee ... still . Oh , and the boy too : ) 
watching a documentary on albinism and leprosy ... I have got to start watching some happier television ! 
needs to finish this Hobbes/Locke/Pateman paper and study for that HRM test . Ugh . 
let the productivity begin . 
college , college go away . Come back ... never . 
dual-degrees ? Do I really want to take the GMAT though ? 
needs to stop falling asleep for extended naps - those combined with my procrastination are not good . 
prosecution direct examination of Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is officially under 5 minutes 40 seconds - booyah . 
isn't sure it's actually worth it . Perhaps the pessimists were right . 
just got $50 for my old Blackberry , woot ! 
fun fact for those familiar with MBTI : I am an INTJ ( and so is Stewie Griffin ) , < PROPMALE > is an INTP ( so is < PROPFIRST > Griffin ) lol 
disappointed in some 
feels like a basic rock song structure with a subtle use of vocal counterpoint , a subtle use of vocal < PROPFEMALE > , mild rhythmic syncopation , and acoustic rhythm piano . 
thinks it's ironic that my only class in session the week of Thanksgiving is my HRM class ... 
Yay for UC Irvine Tournament this weekend ! Oh wait , I still have school and assignments to turn in before that . Crap . 
Hello Seattle , I am a manta < PROPFIRST > 
wants to know who has seen Disc 2 of my \Reba's Greatest Hits\ " set . Have you ? " 
papers papers go away . come back ... never . 
success is the sum of small efforts , repeated day in and day out ... 
so quickly life changes - it has been an amazing few days which is owed to none other than surrounding myself with amazing , loving , and beautiful people . 
lead courageously with all you have . 
laundry , papers , lsat , papers , dishes , lsat , papers ... breathing somewhere in between . 
kitchen : clean . laundry : mostly done . 
time for homemade eggnog and pecan pies ... 
eggnog made and chillin ' , pies baking ... I hope they cook up 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
got off work two hours ago ... has work again in two and a half hours 
Step 1 : 15 < PROPFEMALE > paper on the aging American workforce . 
can't find my phone ... dang it . 
doesn't care about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , historical materialism , species-being , alienation , or Hartmann's criticism anymore . 
wants to know who else would like to walk Christmas Tree < PROPFIRST > on Tuesday December 15 . I am going ! 
law school - how close you are and increasingly more daunting . 
time to cross your fingers . 
hasn't scraped ice off a car since she was in Connecticut ... oh how I miss those snowy states : ( 
loves Easy Off ... time to clean for my mah's visit tomorrow ! 
my headache from my 6 this morning > 950mg of Excedrin Extra Strength . Savage . 
10 < PROPFEMALE > paper on Plato and Perfectionism - Meet your doom . 
would love to avoid the next 18 hours like the plague ... but I guess I can't . Dangit . 
fml . 
will make this simple for you : Keep your station clean , or I will kill you . Name that film . It's on right now : ) 
is lip-syncing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in the living room and getting absolutely no reaction from < PROPMALE > . * sigh * How uninspiring . lol 
is it sad that I find myself wanting to read philosophy books from old classes just because ? 
will file her law school applications by January 5 , 2010 ... hopefully . 
forgot how disturbing A.I. the movie is . 
Happy Holidays everybody ! 
kissed my fiancé when the new year turned over : ) 
feels like a ninja . 
planning the future , ya'll better watch out ! 
yellow . 
is vedy vedy sneaky . 
genius . pure unadulterated genius . 
really wants to hit up some batting cages . 
If six people currently enrolled in section 2 of HRM 154 could drop , I would greatly appreciate it . Thank you . 
anyone have the textbook for < PROPMALE>'s plsi 171 or 174 course ? 
playing COD Modern Warfare 2 > working on my personal statement ... although probably not a better use of my time lol 
lemon drop + splash of strawberry < PROPFEMALE > mix + floating shot of sparkling white wine ftw . Now to clean and actually read a bit . 
get over yourself . 
stoked for Vegas to see mah pops and watch < PROPFIRST>'s team rock the socks off those teams at UNLV ! 
no rest for the weary . 
wtf 
officially loves Netflix on our 360 ... bombtastic . 
finishing up her law school applications ... two more months and time to find a new apartment - in a new city !!!! yay ! 
is the Green Labor Union Vice President for Keppler's Collective Bargaining class ... is it lame that I am excited about this project ? Probably . Whatever , I do what I want ! lol 
will throw something large at the cat that attacked one of mine if he comes back . 
1 . finish thought piece 2 . prepare for mock trial regionals . 
feels sad at the vast amount of pregnant girls my age ... and yes , they're girls . 
is so ready . Bring it . 
Ya'll kill me . 
stressing ... and work in an hour and a half . ugh . 
second exam of the semester at 9 ( check ) , class until noon ( check ) , work from 12:30 pm until 8:30 pm tonight ( eff ) . 
had a highly productive and overall satisfying day - yay for a good start to a good weekend . btw : keep your fingers crossed for Fresno State Mock Trial at Nationals ! 
< PROPMALE > punched my clock radio this morning because in his comatose state of sleep he couldn't find the off button ... and he doesn't even remember it . Good news : I get to go to Mecca ( BestBuy) ! 
trying to be smart about it . 
just wasted a good two hours playing around online doing absolutely nothing productive . How does that even happen ? 
is it sad that my civil liberties prof says \casual\ " when she means to say \ " causal\ " ? Because it definitely changes the meaning of what she says ... " 
hm ... what to do , what to do . 
excited . 
I can't find my phone and gmail has been kicking back almost all my emails sent since Thursday ... so if you need to contact me , good luck ! lol 
you know those times in your life when you have to make important decisions that will affect you greatly and you know you can't think of anyone but yourself in making those decisions ? I'm definitely right in the middle of one of those times - and I don't think I could be any more ready than I am now : ) 
has officially reset her sleep schedule by staying up all night ... class in two and a half hours until 1 , then class again at 5 ... bed by 11 tonight ? 
cannot get up in time for class to save my life . I have GOT to start going to bed before 4 am ... 
loves the anonymity of bartering via craigslist - time to sell my extra stuff for the big move ! Although I still need to figure out where it is I'll be moving ... 
drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama drama ..... you're dumb . lol yay for getting stuff done ! 
no rest for the weary ... but there is some for sleepy face ! lazy buggers . 
game . set . match . 
.... really need to finish this rough draft ... eff . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > - it's on . 
cannot find my phone ... wth ? 
so excited for the < PROPMALE>'s birthday tomorrow ... Happy Birthday !!!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
My phone may be officially gone : ( Need to call greyhound ... but email me otherwise because I have no phone at all for the time being lol eff . 
being so productive today it's worrisome ... trying to make up for only working and sleeping over spring break ... ugh . 
Dear young man who has my phone and is answering it , I will kick you in the shins if I ever find out who you are . You've been warned . 
needs to get a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone ... 
yum . homemade omelets with bacon , yellow onions , green onions , a few mushrooms and cheese . yum . 
has a phone as of last night , slept in this morning and is now sick . eff . 
could dance in the rain while loudly singing Owl City to myself for hours ... possibly forever . 
study until exam at 10am , go home study for exam I have tonight until work at 12:30 - 5:30 pm , exam at 6:00 pm tonight , lecture in that class after the test until 9pm , finish 15 < PROPFEMALE > paper I have to present tomorrow at 9:30 am , class until 10:45 am , meet with group members for class project from 11am - 2pm , work 3p-10p ... will not be missing this . 
got my cap and gown today : ) 
a very good day . 
New number : ) 559.269.7926 
For real , for real ? 
needs some good luck wishes for tomorrow . 
Ladies and Gentlemen , THAT is how you interview for a job : ) 
looking forward to some beautiful weather for the trip to dad's : ) 
In Vegas with the fam ... A day of errands , girl stuff , and an important phone call tomorrow : ) 
is officially the new Digital Sales Manager at the Riverpark Barnes & < PROPMALE > : ) 
needs to clean the apartment before the family all comes 
... Oh , and there were a dozen red roses waiting for me when I got back the other night : ) 
thinking a bit . 
two weeks until school is done then time to study for the gmat . eff . 
Late night scrabble game with the < PROPMALE > : ) 
First day at B&N ... Yay for I-9s and other equally exciting paperwork lol 
hhahahahahahahh no more class ever again .... until grad school . damn . 
In all honesty , my two favorite apps are my advanced English dictonary app and my U.S. Constitution app because they help me with my philosophy papers and my plsi exams ... Yay for the app store and all its convenient goodness . 
People are lame . Just so we're all on the same < PROPFEMALE > . 
You know what I love most about my job ? I'm paid to organize books . Booyah . 
is the proud new owner of a 2010 model Diamondback Lustre2 ... yay for graduation gift : ) now to spend the rest on bills . yuck . 
longest few days of work ever . now time to clean the apartment and get ready for work in the morning . again . 
FYI : Target has $13 fake-suede storage ottomans ! 
same ol ' boy , same sweet girl five years down the road ... 
2 hour presentation to my DM and all my district's SMs and Digital Leads on how to run the digital department ? Psh . I got this . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Nation-wide bbqs and fireworks - you rock . 
It's always hard to understand something never explained to you . 
Despicable you . 
And when I got home from that long day at work , I was greeted by the kittens and a flower bouquet on the kitchen counter \ 
\ 
<3 
need to bathe the boys , but REALLY don't want to . 
I do not now , nor will I ever , want to play Farmville . If further requests are sent , I will simply delete you . That is all . 
This new \pull to update\ " thing on the iPhone Facebook update is dumb . Dislike . " 
is pretty sure that a 25+ degree change in weather overnight is a sign of the apocolypse ... or at least it should be . In the meantime , yay for cooler temps : ) 
Reach with the < PROPMALE > and losing badly to elites : ( 
FYI : Chipotle being built in Riverpark . Booyah . 
having one of those days wherein I realize some people are so damn strange . 
Fed up . 
unfortunate that the hardest decisions often bring the most comfort . 
listening to an orchestral rendition of Nirvana at work ... Lol 
weekend off . Nice , relaxing first day . Pumpkins tomorrow ? Why , I'd love to ! 
Only an hour more of work : ) 
Sometimes , it amazes me how stupid people are . Only sometimes 
Consideration is never a one-way street . 
Crap-E . Back KILLING me , had to leave work early and home alone for 6 hours instead of 3 . 
Some pre-season(holiday ) eggnog n < PROPFEMALE > oughta get me ready for work early tomorrow ! 
Earlier than usual open with the man coming in to see us , gotta be there in 6 hours . Bedtime . 
rain : ) 
Just saw a woman buy two boxes of baby wipes and some ky jelly ... Riight . 
So much satisfaction comes from making big life decisions , now let's hope I am making the right ones : ) 
Two things learned tonight : 1 . Greek yogurt and pears do not settle your stomach , at all 2 . That pale twilight kid was in a < PROPMALE > potter movie ? 
Totally lol'd at a customer's id today . Lol , it twas funny . 
Man , I'm so over it , all of it . People are so ridiculous sometimes . 
The rain came last night and washed it all away 
Plans for the night : a bit o ' laundry , some GMAT studying , and some Wii sword fighting . 
Sometimes you have to just accept how things and people are . Without an attempt to make things better or a plan on how to get there , bitchin's just bitchin . 
Yay bed bath and beyond ! 
First frozen grass of the year on an early thanksgiving morning . Absolutely love it . 
Kind of anticlimactic i guess . Dumb . 
Oh work . Always bittersweet . 
Love Look Who's Talking , such a classic : ) 
rest day , maybe a doctor visit . 
Somewhat productive between periods of unconsciousness . iron supplements ftw . 
On our way home to Fresno . Bought some GORGEOUS Christmas ornaments from union square macys : ) amazing day . Also saw < PROPMALE > potter , but that was not even close to the best part if my day . Goodnight all 
Christmas time makes everything more bearable , even fat head customers : ) 
Out and about . Donated to toys for tots today . I know you all can do the same , so go on : ) it's Christmas 
content , happily so . 
engaged : ) 
bought a wedding planning binder and a bridal magazine : ) 
So sleepy , but off to work I go 
First things first . 
Grocery store , house work , gym , random Christmas movie - probably the Grinch : ) 
Alright , alright I'm up . Yay for a week of rain : ) 
I hate shopping sometimes . Bleh . 
I know it's Christmas and all and I'm as bloody cheerful as any other Christmas-loving nerd , but I could definitely get some satisfaction out of rear ending some people who are out shopping right now . No lies . People are unbelievable ... Alright , venting done . 
just created a \Wedding Venue\ " folder in gmail : ) " 
So close to Christmas . : ) 
work in 5 hours , but still baking and not sleepy ... although < PROPMALE > is passed out lol fat head 
trying to convince the < PROPMALE > to take me to Kohl's at 5 am : ) Wish me luck lol 
Success ! Off to kohl's : ) a couple on-sale towels and some replacement work shoes 
Today is zooming by and I couldn't be happier about it . My bed is a-callin ' my name ... 
New season of Say Yes to the Dress begins tonight and couldn't be more interested : ) 
watching A Time to Kill ... freakin ' love this movie - well , the end at least . 
miss my dad . 
Off work : ) 
picking up < PROPMALE > from the airport in 36 hours : ) 
Yay for day off : ) 
Doing things the right way alway takes longer and is more work , but the ROI is greater than you can inagine 
Taxes tonight bleh 
Lol I'm pretty sure A&E successfully found every white trash person in the Midwest to showcase on Hoarders , bad news bears 
Ugh feels like crap 
Alrighty , bed time . Sneezing has taken a break and i am looking forward to work tomorrow . Let it be a productive day : ) goodnight 
watching \Beyond Scared Straight\ " on demand ... love it :) " 
That's it . Fresno water has something in it that prevents 80% of its consumers from being able to drive or understand what \right of way\ " means ... " 
a nice few hour recovery from work at home : ) Let the search begin ... and my day off ! 
Sooo lazy ... Woke up at 8 , went back to bed , and just woke up ... Time to get things done ! 
Some things are just black and white . 
When you figure out love is all that matters after all , it sure makes everything else seems so small 
In two weeks , I'll be in my new apartment spending time with the < PROPMALE > ( do I still call him that now that we're engaged ? ) and our new roommate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Oh , and we'll be eagerly anticipating the arrival of our long lost , but not forgotten friend - < PROPFIRST > , errr < PROPFIRST > : ) 
Slept forever , forgot what time I worked when I woke up , and upon waking realized that it , in fact , did NOT snow . Dumb . 
Finally off work ... now home to < PROPMALE > 
Sometimes things just pan out and good things come to those who wait : ) 
the glove compartment is inaccurately named 
Power still out : ( 
< PROPMALE > comes home tonight : ) 
Losing one hour of sleep completely worth the hour of sunshine I have after work : ) 
baby it's cold outside 
Time to get domestic : ) cleaning the house while Craigs at work 
* Checking information on MyFresnoState * \You are not enrolled in classes . \ " \ 
... so early ... 
Anyone know where in town one can find some good brioche ? 
Officially added to the list of favorite snacks : homemade banana bread and milk : ) 
making some curried chicken salad with couscous for tomorrow ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , you better come home soon : ) 
Anyone else notice in the California advertisement < PROPFIRST > Kardashian is reading a book on quantum physics ?!? \ 
Ha ! She can't read ... silly . 
Life is at times fantastic , heart-breaking , full of laughter , tears , successes and failures . Sometimes all at once and I love that . 
* scheming * bwahahahahahahaha : ) 
Looking forward to celebrating my future husband's birthday with him tomorrow : ) 
magic mountain-bound tomorrow morning !!!! Happy Birthday babe !! 
One coaster , two coaster , three coaster , four ! 
Best way to top off < PROPMALE>'s Magic Mountain-coaster riding birthday ? \ 
Homemade dinner of porterhouse steak , garlic mashed potatoes with chives and a little fried shallots , and a glass of chilled white wine ( or for < PROPMALE > - a Newcastle and an energy drink ) . \ 
Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > . I love you : ) 
