is boxing ! 

is fallin asleep to some vehicle 
is finally goin dancing again tonight ! 
dancing was awesome tonight ! too bad its hard to go when theres marching band but i guess i dont have to worry bout that anymore ... which kinda sucks too . 
\Well if you want to be a movie star ... I'll get a ticket to Hollywood ... But if you want to stay just the way you are ... You know I think you really should . \"" 
had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > Creek . i just love hearing about my ancestors and visiting their gravesites . 
is listening to the soothing sounds of amazing grace 
is worn after mowing two yards today in this frickin heat . 
thinks he will work on his weedeaters today !! 
there was nobody at church tonight , literally !!! 
woohoo tornado warning !! 
genealogy was fun today !! 
time to fool around on the keyboard 
wrists hurt from playin keyboard for two hours , but its poker time !!! 
is makin breakfast 
is going late night raquetballing now 
just got back from raquetball and its still too hot outside !!! 
packin for < PROPFEMALE > then fathers day party woohoo !! 
leavin for the beach at 8 in the mornin !! yesssssss !! 
why is it so freakin hot ?!? and why do the nights feel hotter here than at < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
would anyone like some < PROPFEMALE > ? 
< PROPFEMALE > anybody ? i got plenty to go around !! 
oh lorsh , gotta get up early and be at my ganny's house by 8 am for some landscapin work !! 
fireworks were gorgeous tonight at < PROPMALE > park !!! hope everyone else loved theirs ! 
thought i'd be in the kitchen but actually helping the handy man . 
made a deal with a friend here at camp tonight that if he did a belly flop off the diving board i would go off the diving board for the first time in my life ... and i had to . it was like my first roller coaster 
This sucks ... last day of camp . have to head home maybe tonight . 
camp was great ... but now i am thrown back into my real life with not so christian examples . 
is once again bored out of his mind 
is really missin camp right now 
believes it is time for a 2nd attempt 
' s legs are killing him right now . both got stung by them ground bees today and his hand was stung by a social wasp too . this sucks 
got tired of it sittin there doin nothin 
como la semilla ... lleva nueva vida ... hay en < PROPFEMALE > primav < PROPFEMALE > ... una nueva < PROPFEMALE > 
is gettin excited ... 2 days til i go to charleston !!! 
about 32 more hours til i leave for charleston !!!!!!!! 
thinks he might have one of the influenzas goin around . this sucks !!! 
so i went to the doctors a couple of hours ago to find out that i have bronchitis ... this truly sucks with out cough meds 
\it's not a cry that you hear at night ... it's not somebody who's seen the light ... it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah \"" 
sitting out in his sunroom and listening to the rain 
is rocking out to some < PROPFIRST > sanborn 
\When you give ... when you love ... when you serve ... you do it unto me \"" 
what does it mean when u play piano til u sweat , cuz i just did ? 
is back from his night drive ... its so peaceful out at this time of night ... and nice and cold too . 
is about to go to a party and clean out everyone at poker !!! 
GO BILLS !!!! 
First day of the full band camp went pretty good ... but it is only the first day . hopefully we will start to set drill soon . 
feels really irritated 
is gonna go try to let off some steam 
is keyboard then raquetball !!! 
woohoo !! get out of band camp at smith-noon , cut some grass , pack for the beach , and go dancing . sounds like a great day tomorrow ! 
just got back from dancing with the my granny ... couldnt believe all the new faces . get to leave for the beach in the morning !!! 
adios hooterville !!! 
is finally home and glad that his brother didnt crash us on the way home and that he has finally reached his spare glasses !! 
took his friend's car out for a test drive and experimented but not with the car . experimenting went okay ... but not the greatest 
why is there so many kids sad about people moving on to college and bettering themselves ? why do those sad kids see this as the apocolypse and not as the beginning of a new and stronger part of their relationships with those going off to college ? it is never the end ... but always the beginning of something greater which is still in the pre-birth stages of its occurence . 
wish he didnt have to sit around on my last day of freedom before school starts once again 
first day always so much fun !!! new and easy schedule now : 1st = computer apps 1 , 2nd , 3rd , and 4th = band , then marching band 
feels ... so ... bare . 
is attempting to write some music for that stupid ensembles thing we have to do in symphonic band 
is gonna go listen to the < PROPMALE > k big band for a bit 
< PROPMALE > K Big Band sounded great tonight 
is glad and sad that this was his last time marching in the < PROPMALE > apple parade 
is attempting to write brass ensemble music 
is breakin out the wounded duck tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > Harper FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you're reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment about a memory of you and I . ( Hopefully a good one . ) When you've finished , post this paragraph on your status . You'll be surprised at what people remember about you 
now gets to do one of his favorite things to do in the world ... tinker and try to fix 
Aaaaaaaannnnnndddd ......... its fixed !!!!! 
is finally relaxing today ... yyyyyeeeesssss ....... 
has most , lost if not all , respect 
has lost most , if not all , respect 
almost completely exploded ... 
is glad that the sun came out finally !!! 
is tryin to decide which song to arrange for brass ensemble 
is gonna sleep well tonight with how cool it is right now 
thinks that he will most likely go with < PROPFEMALE > but might try to Hot , Hot , Hot ... leanin towards < PROPFEMALE > 
is afraid that he might have to lay out of school tomorrow 
it sucks to be shut up in ur house without much to do 
\you can go to college ... you can go to your school ... but if you aint got jesus ... you's an uneducated fool \"" 
\you can go to your college ... you can go to your school ... but if you ain't got jesus you's an uneducated fool \"" 
is hopin he can get back to school tomorrow 
may have found a better song for brass ensemble ... if we ever get to those things 
gah ... this sucks ! tomorrow's my last marching competition with the EHHS Band . 
Finished my competitive marching high school band days on a great note ... the band cleaned out freedom today !! 
for any of you freshman in marching band wondering just how big the Freedom Patriots are ... heres last year's show http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfKKDIKKgbo 
sooo ... my friend tried to give a birthday present by < PROPFEMALE > wrapping my doors shut on my truck . didnt work so well 
is gonna try and catch up on his sleep ... ganight yall 
http://video.yahoo.com/watch/530454/2727380 
is workin on gettin high off of vicks vapor rub :) 
great time yesterday at MHC Homecoming ! cool to see all the alumni from the marching band go out on the field at halftime and play with the band ! 
hopes he gets some sleep tonight ... but has an awesome idea for halloween . in fact i got a part of it done . hope that part doesnt get me into trouble at school ! anyone know of any trunk or treat i might be able to be a part of ? 
is watchin the new transformers movie ! 
finished his brass music but has to find a place to print it out now 
Senior was the best night i have ever had in band , even if we didnt get to play in the stands or march the show , it was still awesome ! thx guys ... felt like yall really liked me tonight ! but i gotta get back to work on < PROPMALE > and the whale for tomorrow now ! but i'm gonna really miss this band next year !! :( 
has seen the piece of music dusk as what its supposed to portray and its gorgeous ! 
looks like he'll be startin no-shave november a little later than everyone else ... but i can still beat out all the kids at school , so oh well 
feels naked now 
wishes everyone in the world to have a wonderful life 
first last concert down and over with ... but the final last concert gonna be hard . at least theres a little way still to go before that one ! 
well ... all my football games while in high school have come and gone ... this sucks , man !!! 
is enjoyin his newest toy ... kinda sad that the best speakers he has are also the smallest ! 
hangin with my dad listenin to an old recording of his high school jazz band 
\And I've been waiting in the weeds ... Waiting for the dust to settle down along the Back roads running through the fields ... Lying on the outskirts of this lonesome town And I imagine sunlight in your hair ... You're at the county fair \"" 
has been asked to play for a bunch of veterans tomorrow ... but i gotta learn the banner 
why do some people take facebook so seriously ? 
so another day has passed without me askin her ... gah i hate my shyness 
is relaxin to some nice jazz 
realized < PROPFIRST > Powers wasnt complete when we read it today , darn ! 
had about the best time with my bro in about a coon's age ! macbeth at brcc is really good too ! 
heres an idea for brass quintet ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSNaN0N_Crs 
actually had fun at the family reunion ! :) 
\And I've been waiting in the weeds ... Waiting for the dust to settle down along the ... Back roads running through the fields ... Lying on the outskirts of this lonesome town ... And I imagine sunlight in your hair \"" 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYKGsyCvgc0 
got 1 out of 2 thanksgiving dinners tonight and raquetball in a few minutes with my dad ! hope yall have a wonderful day like me 
YES !!! family is here ... i get to chow down soon ! 
thinks he might wander out tomorrow and LMAO at all the frantic people 
i'm sorry for 5 of my friends on facebook ... i got bored 
is tempted to go grab another piece of chocolate pie ... hmm , decisions decisions 
might actually get to bed on time tonight ... got a lotta band this week ! 
is pretty pissed right now 
is in the music writin mood again 
has found the muppets show for brass quintet ... anyone interested ? 
just had one of his favorite meals in the world ... chicken pot pie ! but i think i had a little too much of it 
lets see how good Angel & Demons is ... 
angels & demons was a really good movie . now hittin hay so i can wake up and go joggin again before school ! 
well ... i can honestly say i havent been that nervous in a good long while . 
is sewing ... 
gets to go work in this wonderful 28 degree weather ! YEEEEEHAAAAAWW ! 
feels as though the day is incomplete ... 
is doin one of his favorite things in the world ... playin the piano ! 
was just lookin through his basket of music and found all of his old 6th and 7th grade band music for his trumpet 
just found out today i am playin with the 6th grade band at their concert tonight , get some ! 
smith is gonna have some work to do on them 8th graders ! 
is playin some Journey on the piano 
anyone wanna go joggin with me in the morning before school ? 
has kareoke tonight with his madre and bro ... anyone wanna come sing some with me ? 
had a lot of fun tonight singin kareoke with mi madre ! 
is listenin to < PROPFIRST > buble's sway and it makes me wanna get back to ballroom dancing ... so badly ! 
well mostly everyone wanted some snow and BY GOLLY WE GOT SOME ! 
has made it through chapter 1 of Lord of the Flies and has to say its actually sorta good thus far . 
is lovin the new addition to the song he's writin ... but it does < PROPFEMALE > screw up the left hand a bit , oh well . 
\There are stars in the Southern sky ... And if ever you decide ... You should go ... There is a taste of time sweetened honey ... Down the Seven Bridges Road \"" 
is off to make mi padre's christmas present ! 
10:19 pm christmas eve ... finally all three chillens are in bed ! 
is listenin to WNCW for some christmas music ... i like it cuz the songs dont repeat in style ! 
i best get to sleepin or else i'll get to hatin these 3 little ones who'll prolly wake me up in a few hours ... ganight and feliz navidad yall ! 
just fot back from the movies with family ... went and saw sherlock holmes , which was really good ... great christmas so far and have another tomorrow ! Feliz Navidad ! 
great christmas part 1 ... now i hope i can get to sleep tonight unlike last ! feliz navidad !! 
well ... navidad parte dos has come and gone . finished about 14 minutes ago ... so much fun that it lasted from satuday to sunday . prized gifts are a fiddle , a flute , and a tail light ! 
is goin to the raquetball courts in a few minutes ... good thing its only 28 out right now ! 
went drivin to think and see where the road would take me , pardon the pun . i went by nhhs then took old clear creek road which turned into a dirt road not wide enough for two cars goin down the side of a mountain , then somehow stumbled upon highway 74-A and found myself in chimney rock village . so i drove on past lake lure and found out thats a scenic route . turned around when i was about 80 < PROPMALE > out from < PROPFEMALE > . 
its amazing what u kind find at places like hospice and antiques stores ! 
\I wanna be inside your heaven ... Take me to the place you cry from ... When the storm blows your way ... I wanna be earth that holds you ... Every bit of air you're breathin ' in ... A soothin ' wind ... I wanna be inside your heaven \"" 
happy time of movin on and makin promises that mostly dont happen !!! 
cleaning off my pc for my parents ... so many memories !!! 
\When you feel cold I'll warm you\ 
wonders why i am always so OCD when i shave my beard ... hmm ... i hate that 
is finally relaxed once again ... 
is enjoyin his new cd's which he got from the three kings today ! some bluegrass and a little bela fleck and the flecktones 
\if theres a gleam in her eye when she straightens your tie ... u know the lady's in love with you ... if she can get ready for a date without the waitin you hate ... u know the lady's in love with you \"" 
my parents are so addicted to the wii that they forget what time it is to go tuck in my little bros and sis ... i think its gotten too good for them ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my FaceBook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will participate 
is gonna go up to the pisgah national < PROPMALE > and check out some of the waterfalls ... anyone wanna go with ? 
well ganight yall ... gotta get an early start tomorrowcif i'm goin to go see them waterfalls . 
is goin up to pisgah < PROPMALE > now to check out the waterfalls . theyre supposed to be pretty awesome right now ! 
the waterfalls today were gorgeous ... recommend yall drive over there and see before the ice melts . then went dancing with my grandmother ... cant remember the last time i ever danced that much , but it was a blast ! 
i get to start my class out in transylvania county tomorrow and i got my video of Looking Glass Falls uploaded to facebook ... yall should go take a look 
wishes him and the brass ensemble had a place to play a song or two ... anyone got some ideas ? 
if theres a guy who needs a new suit ... men's wearhouse donated a bunch of brand new suits to hospice today 
tomorrow looks like its gonna be a splendid day ! plus i get to wear my favorite attire ... and i know that everyone who knows what that is that is reading this is just shaking their head as they do so :) 
is tryin to memorize how to make the vulture for the band tests next week , goin bowling tonight , and then dancing right after bowling ... \i gotta feeling ... tonight's gonna be a good night \"" 
is going to waffle house in the morning before the SAT if anyone would like to join me then you are quite welcome to , just bring ur own money ! 
is off for breakfast and then the SAT wish me luck ! 
6 hours after Waffle House and i am still feeling the suger rush !!! test wasnt as bad as i thought i'd be either . 
well its about that time on a saturday evening for me ... gotta get ready go to do some dancing up at the ballroom !! i guess this is my night of fun before i start \Wake-Up With Mrs. Raesemann\ " on monday :) " 
' s hand smells like 20 different perfumes ... must have had some fun and danced a lot tonight ! 
is glad that he improved since last year ... 7th chair trombone !! 
well it only took me until 10 minutes ago to figure out what i wanted to do for my senior project ... learn to fiddle ! gosh < PROPFIRST > better accept it cuz i dont know what else to do 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
has just finished the AP < PROPMALE > Works Data Sheet for the Lord of the Flies !! 
\Me mind on fire ... Me soul on fire ... Feeling hot hot hot ... Party people ... All around me feeling hot hot hot ... What to do ... On a night like this ... Music sweet ... I can't resist ... We need a party song ... A fundamental jam \"" 
was just reading over the Behavior Contract for District Band and i love how #2 says \no READING should occur while a rehearsal is in progress\ " because we are READING music . ;) " 
SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has got all-district band tomorrow and saturday !!! super excited ! 
Date Time !! 
JUST HAD SOME AWESOME HOMEMADE CHOCOLATE PIE !!!! 
looks like i have to change my senior project topic now ... gosh what a pain in culo !!! 
does anyone know of a fiddle teacher ? i really need a mentor for senior project 
is going dancing !!! 
this senior project is becoming a bit of pain in my culo right now ! 
is tryin to write this maldito sonnet !! why is it so hard ? 
\You can't walk into a garage and suddenly become a car . \"" 
got in his first hour with his mentor today !! one step closer to graduating !! 
GOT ACCEPTED INTO MARS HILL !!!!!!!!!! 
i think i have enough information to where i wont have to BS any of my senior porject paper ... or at least a 9 < PROPFEMALE > preliminary outline better as heck do the trick !! 
gosh .... i'm just so glad they canceled school today , with ALL THIS SNOW we might have been killed or something out on the road !! phew , what a blizzard !!! 
band rehearsal at my house ... who wants to come ? 
had a great time today ... we had a < PROPMALE > snowball fight with the neighbors that took up about 7 different yards and my friend < PROPFIRST > has some blood drawn from his arm ! these things get brutal over here !!! 
is starting to feel them 2 games of canadian doubles and that 1 against his dad ... gosh my knees are aching !! 
now all yall concert band kids dont forget ... 6:30 . no later . HHS auditorium 
thinks smith should let us play Trombone < PROPMALE > for the spring concert this year !!! 
feels completely and utterly miserable at the moment . ### #ing flu !! 
dear body . please get this flu bug out of my system . it is making my life truly sucktacular !!! 
hopes to see everyone at the concert tonight ... sorry , no school for me :( 
hopes everyone has a great day at school tomorrow ... looks like another sick day for me 
well thx to this flu , i have lost 10 pounds in 2 days ... 
got an audition on saturday up at Mars Hill ... hoping i do good ! 
so my dad thinks we should some yanni in symphonic band ... either \point of origin\ " or \ " within attraction \"" 
anyone wanna go up to Mars Hill with me for a visit ? i just gotta figure out when 
thinks his audition went pretty good today ! looks like my life is beginning to show itself 
God Bless our Troops !! -IS ANYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY PATRIOTIC ANYMORE !?! Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! SUPPORT OUR TROOPS . 
We did pretty good at festival ... GOT AN UNO !!! 
finished up the past two days pretty freakin ' good ... two superiors at festival !!! 
got a looksy at the music for the spring musical this year ... and that stuff is a butt kicker !! but it looks like a butt load of fun , too !!! 
' s face feels as smooth as a baby's bottom ... haha 
i'd say operation april fool's day was a complete success !!! hahahahaha 
is enjoyin spring break and learning a new song on the piano 
Is scared shitless . bout 2 drive a 4 wheeler 4 the 1st time ever\\nYeah baby ! 
The shadows are long , the sun is low , the breeze is nice , the gnats and flies are annoying , but i am about to watch one of the best shows ever , \\nYeah baby ! 
is goin to play practice in the morning ... who else'll be there ? 
play went pretty good tonight ... anyone who hasnt seen should come either tomorrow night or saturday at 7 pm !! its definitely worth it 
just got back from the cast and crew party at applebee's ... went pretty great up until the punk next to me had the nerve to insult the band ! made me wanna knock his lights out . 
finally found a use for all these college brochures 
cant believe the crap he saw come out of his horn when he cleaned it today ... sorta nasty to think i play that with that in there !! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx9v-E0WBNg 
thought the jazz band thing tonight went pretty great ... especially liked the part of the trombones trading parts in the middle of the thing , sightreading's always such a great way to play a gig !! 
is goin to bed ... gotta wake up early for the 5K tomorrow at rugby !! 
Been here at the 5k since 730 . bored as all get out but did manage 2 get in some practice time on the trombone . 
had fun doin the 5K this morning ... got third in my age group , but then i had to go to softball practice , and now mow the lawn ... wish my dad hadnt of stuck me out in right field cuz then i wouldnt be feelin this pain !! 
' s face , once again , feels as smooth as a baby's bottom ... haha ! 
is in a state of extreme euphoria at the moment !! 
sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste\ 
this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? \ 
It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who\ 
need a little extra help & understanding 
anyone goin to that NHHS relay for life tonight ? 
Is behind enemy lines , \\nYeah baby ! 
Is up at the ballroom watching the old folks swing 2 the black eyed peas\\nYeah baby ! 
this sucks that my last full band concert is over and done with ... 
well my grandmother decided that i shouldnt go to prom without being able to show off the weight i have lost by having a new tux which fits me 
got prom tonight and relay for life right after that ! sounds like a fun night ! 
is busy trying to write a trigger trombone duet 
IT'S FINALLY OVER !!!! 
softball team is now 5-0 !!! 
life just seems to keep gettin faster and faster ... got my room assignment today from mars hill . and only ten more days of school . had some fun scaring the crap out of my little brother with my trombone tonight , too . 
well today turned out to be a very good day ... played at the BBQ Fest , then helped out a friend half the day , then helped out my dad , played some raquetball , helped my dad some more , and then played some more raquetball . even got to pull out the fiddle , too . 
its always such a great experience to play for memorial day events !! 
finally got his awesome letter for smith typed up ! 
\Music is Love in search of a word . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Lanier " 
has learned how much it sucks to leave ur high school band of which he has been a huge part of ... absolutely sucks 
thinks he breathed in a little too much sawdust today ... 
so a word of advice ... dont look ahead to the future or u will miss ur high school years . forever to come . we will see each other again . i know it . so dont be sad but rather be glad becuase it isnt the end . not even close . 
just got a straight shave at the barber shop for graduation ... such a bittersweet time for me 
official EHHS graduate and moving on with my life !!! see yall underclassmen later though 
is on here at mhc during SOAR 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . REPOST THIS .. IF ... YOU AGREE . I DID !! 
workout time !!! 
How did we meet ? (: Set this as your status , Wonder how many stories you'll get 
bored out of my mind .................................... 
well , softball team beat out Mud Creek Baptist tonight 24-11 in 5 innnings . sorta nice to beat the team of the church coming to play with us on july 11th ... 
another win for the softball team last night against Biltmore Baptist 18-14 !! 
has figured that the worst drivers in the world actually are not the ones who drive the expensive cars like lexus and such , but those who drive classic cars like the ones down on main street tonight ... there i was waiting my turn at the 4 way stop on main and they just kept plowin right through the stop sign ... gah , that pissed me off . but i got to be the ass i am and cut in between them . 
has figured out that his parents are obsessed with beating his bowling scores on wii sports resort 
got to play the whole game tonight !! that makes 10-3 for the games and 11-2 for the coin tosses :) 
just got back from dancing ... it was nice to get back there ! just wish there were more younger people there 
thinkin i'll go hike looking glass rock trail tomorrow ... hopefully 
went hiking today up looking glass rock ... no not the falls but the rock . about 6.2 < PROPMALE > round trip . now its time to , as < PROPFIRST > says , relax ... 
Sittin on top of looking glass rock and cant believe how beautiful the view is ! \\nYeah baby ! 
hmmm ... just found out how old mercedes-benz really is ... is 1886 goin back aways ? 
SON OF A BEAST !!!! 
its late in the evenin ' ... everyone's computer is shutting down ... maybe its a sign to sign off ... but everyone's determined to stay on- my fb spoof of < PROPFIRST > clapton 
\Pardon the way that I stare ... There's nothing else to compare ... The sight of you leaves me weak ... There are no words left to speak \"" 
\There's no welcome look in your eyes when I reach for you\ 
its just too durn hot today !!! 
is goin up to jump off rock tonight , anyone wanna go with ? 
why is the knife show on ION the most interesting thing at this time of night ? 
just got a call from east about schedule pick-up ... perhaps i should run by there and get mine :P 
Upward road waho if anyone wants something 2 do\\nYeah baby ! 
theres some friendly people out at WA-HO this time of night 
Kinda likin this band 2nite , \\nYeah baby ! 
music on main was pretty good tonight 
\I'm a man of means by no means \"" 
\Trailers for sale or rent \"" 
about to finally watch the hangover 
anybody ever seen the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Holiday Special ? its a movie from 1977 
\This is my rifle ... this is my gun . This is for fighting ... this is for fun . \"" 
is at the beach and has an itchin ' to go to a bar and learn to shag dance 
and the rest of the family is finally here ... we now have 12 people living in a single condo for the next few days ... cant wait to see where everyone is gonna sleep !! 
dang ... 4 more days in hooterville ... i thought this summer was goin by slow for once , too ! oh well , guess i better get on the ball and this durn physical done before friday among other not as important things !! 
why do tetanus shots have to hurt so much even after hours after the actual shot ? 
finally got my new today ... so i need some < PROPFIRST > yall 
is all moved in with the very little bit i brought with me ... gotta great view from the front door of the dorm building ... just waitin on gettin this mandatory meeting over with so i can try to catch the sunset . i think i just might have the perfect spot for it from my front door ... one can only hope 
\they make tuxedos the size of tents \"" 
' s spanish teacher cancelled class today !!! YYYYYEEEESSSSSSSSSSS !! 
is back in Hooterville again for the night ... then headin back to The Hill tomorrow evening 
is back on the hill ... finally ! 
is sittin enjoyin the only left over he figured he could bring back from dinner at his < PROPFEMALE>'s house ... sweet tea 
\I dream at night ... I can only see your face ... I look around but it's you I can't replace \"" 
just found out that there's a BSA group on campus ... Bull Shitters of America ... or was it Black Student Association . eh ... close enough 
finds it kinda funny that as the school year progresses further , facebook gets busier 
\(Whatever you do ) \ 
\And I've been waiting in the weeds\ 
\I miss you in a heartbeat \ 
back in hooterville for a couple of days 
\I loved you since I knew you\ 
is back on the Hill ... looks like i'll be here a lil while this tiime 
\Gunter glieben glauchen globen \"" 
ahhhh ... finally the cool weather of the mountains .... yessssssssss 
is lovin bein on the quad right now enjoyin the evening air and the night time sounds :) 
\Though I've tried before to tell her ... all the feelings I have for her in my heart ... Every time that I come near her ... I just lose my nerve as I've done from the start \"" 
is about to watch american pie : band camp 
\Every little thing she does is magic ... Everything she do just turns me on ... Even though my life before was tragic ... Now I know my love for her goes on \"" 
is in spainhour watching american wedding if anyone's bored and wants something to do 
just got done typing up the manuscript for the Adventures of Captain Trombone : Through His Eyes ... gosh , u just gotta love comic book class !! 
its pretty amazing what 1 1/2 hours of piano can do to one's mood !! 
thinks he might have scared his roommate by letting him hear Ride by < PROPFIRST > Hazo ... haha jk ... we should play that instead of Light Calvary . or really just about anything else 
has a feeling that his spanish test is gonna suck tomorrow 
wow ... looks like MHC does have some good food ... kellogs rice crispy treats suck compared to the ones in the caf . 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly !!! 
\We keep asking ... How do I get out of here ?... Where do I fit in ?... Though the world is torn and shaken ... Even if your heart is breakin ' ... It's waiting for you to awaken ... And someday you will ... Learn to be still \"" 
lets see ... which song to learn next ? got Open Arms down now 
dear whoever continues to smoke right below my window , you suck !! put out the death stick and save urself already . thx 
Been having a \bangin\ " time with the can of clams ... \\nYeah Baby !! " 
Has been having a \bangin\ " time with the can of clams ... Yeah Baby !! " 
time to go mess around with some B flat blues 
So i guess nanny mcphee isnt as great as the first cuz we're syuck in the mini theater\\nYeah Baby !! 
ooooohhh ... what to do ? what to do ....? 
Is gettin real lighted headed from all these pedal notes ! :) \\nYeah Baby !! 
Music was my refuge . I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness . ~ Maya Angelou 
you're so two-faced , you're just like < PROPMALE > !! 
is watching Vampires Suck ! its pretty great so far 
GOOD LUCK EHHS MARCHING EAGLES !!!!!! KICK SOME ASS !!! 
People say I'm strange , does it make me a stranger\ 
That my best friend was born in a manger 
just pissed off his neighbors with his fiddle :D 
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar ? 
is startin to really like the new newsboys cd 
cant believe it took his roommate until just a day or two ago to see the muppet show ... wow . 
dear dumbass who keeps pulling the fire alarm in Myers , \ 
you need to stop doing this shit or someday there will be a real fire and then someones gonna die all because they think its another prank . 
according to the meyers-briggs test i am this ... \ 
http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ISTP_per.html 
played a game of raquetball with my dad tonight ... final score 20-22 . havent had a game like in a while 
way to go EHHS Marching Eagles !!! 
October is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , or friend who has lost his or her battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it , put this up if you love someone who has or has had cancer . 
como estan ? 
\My god there's a clogged toilet ... Drew Carrey must be in town ! \"- < PROPMALE > Proops " 
its amazing how some people can be so supportive of something until that thing becomes a reality 
i'm trying to figure to out whats so great about skype ... so i got one ... dont see the big deal though 
A perfect day to work in the workshop today , Yeah Baby !! 
YEEEEAAAAHHHHH BBBBBBBBAAAAAABBBBYYYY !!!!!!!!!!! 19 YRS OLD !!! 
i just dont have an idea of what to do at the moment .... hmmmmmmmmmmmm 
\All I know is that to me you look like you're lots of fun ... Open up your loving arms ... I want some \"" 
well ... its international hug a band geek day and i havent gotten a single hug ... haha 
Antique tractor show , Yeah Baby !! 
had a great time at the tractor show , and then lunch at J&S , then some < PROPFEMALE > time with the fam followed by Jackass 3D , and finally ended it with finding the scenic route to MHC from Hendo 
why do the baby-makers above me have to use the squeaky bed ? 
thinks its movie time tonight 
was apparently completely dissed by Mr. < PROPMALE > while he was at my high school today ... feelin the love from him right now 
u just have to love Myers Dorm ... i just had a girl walk into the men's bathroom after me and use the toilet ... can u say awkward ? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass . But ......... we ... * can * raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this because , well , they need a foot up the ass too . 
winter weather advisory for Mars Hill ... wth ?!?!?!?! its barely november !! 
gotta head out for the show tonight pretty soon ... this is gonna be awsome ! 
anybody interested in some raquetball tomorrow ? i'm gonna need something to pass the time other than practicing 
bout to watch me some avatar ! 
really wants some breakfast but thanks to this durn fall back thing has to wait an extra hour now ... 
took one long adventure today ... found my way through < PROPFIRST > , Hot Springs , and then over to Ghost Town ... went through the snow covered mountains where there were about 3 inches left on the ground ... got lost over in < PROPMALE > County and ended up at Cold Mountain Lookout on the Blue Ridge Parkway ... 164 < PROPMALE > of driving in one day is a lil too much for me 
anyone wanna go to spanish for me ? 
interesting ........... 
thinkin i should be randomly nice and help out my neighbor with his math homework 
is gonna attempt to learn < PROPFIRST > schmidt's all of me 
This sucks that I have to sit here in math on veterans day ... 
i practiced out on the quad tonight before jazz band ... thinkin i should practice out there more often 
seeing you makes it worthwhile to get up every day :) 
why does everyone who lives around me have to drunk , redneck , gang-bangers , or baby-makers ? why cant the noise just stop ? 
i get to see my two little brothers get baptized at church tomorrow !! 
lovin the monster burgers in the caf tonight !! 
thinks < PROPMALE > Smith should prolly start on his project thats due tomorrow ... just sayin 
wow ... these aldi's brand cheez-its are pretty good 
Everybody , Somebody , Anybody , and Nobody : There was an important job to be done and Everybody was asked to do it . Anybody could have have done it , but Nobody did it . Somebody got angry about that , becuase it was Everybody's job . Everybody thought Anybody could do it , but Nodody realized that Everybody wouldn't do it . Consequently , it wound up that Nobody told Anybody , so Everybody blamed Somebody . 
Who\ 
actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions except for maybe one or two people : First \ 
name____ Middle name_____ Last name_____ Age_____ Birthday_____ Eye \ 
color_____ Hair color_____ Nickname_____ Favorite color_____ Best \ 
friends_____ Favorite thing to do ____ Fav food______ who do i \ 
... love_________ put this as your status and and see who knows you best 
\Pardon the way that I stare \ 
i must be gettin old or something ... cuz gosh ... i've been having to hit the hay early this week ... the latest i've stayed up all week ... wth ? 
sittin in my room listenin to my cassette tapes ... feels a lil more like home now 
listenin to some WOW Hits 1999 ... gosh that doesnt seem like 11 years ago 
loves how he can hear a single note of a song and think of tons of others that start out the same way 
anybody wanna catch some breakfast with me ? 
The people you think are the closest to you , might just be the ones that hurt you the most . They might mean a lot to you , but to them you might just be whoever on a road full of people 
Obstacles are put in your way so that you can discover the magnitude of the strength you possess . 
INBOX\ 
ONLY ; Tell me something you always wanted to tell me . Stays between us . \ 
Put this in your status and see what you get :) be honest ! 
we should play this in wind symphony\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjlBCAx6330 
536 pm and just startin out on our way down to < PROPMALE > from hendo ... holy hell this is gonna be a loooooong night ...... 
238 ... finally layin down to sleep .... holy hell this was a long night ... \\nYeah Baby !! 
U know ur a band geek when u only want to see the bands in the parades on thanksgiving day !! 
Gah ! Why can't we eat now !!! 
Sittin in imax waitin on < PROPMALE > potter to start and just saw a person walk in with the owl and a wand ... whoa\\nYeah Baby !! 
Saw < PROPMALE > potter , faster , and the new predators ... all really good ! \\nYeah Baby !! 
Holy hell !!! 65 < PROPMALE > south of savanna ... man i gotta long way to go before i make it back to school tonight\\nYeah Baby !! 
back on the hill after a ten hour drive and 62 degree drop in temperature during that time . 
so myspace killed aol ... facebook pretty much killed myspace ... so whats gonna kill facebook ? 
\Hold the line ... love isn't always on time \"" 
\All I wanna do when I wake up in the morning is see your eyes \"" 
so i have figured out that all these count basie songs sound like the same darn song ... what the heck man ? 
24.8 degrees outside and i'm sittin in my room with the window open and one of the two box fans on 
\Get up offa that thing ... and dance until you feel better ... Get up offa that thing ... try to release that pressure \"" 
Winter Concert tonight at 7:30 in Moore ... joined by the Choir tonight also . 
just sat in the Mars Hill WaHo for 3 hours eatin and swappin tales ... time for some sleep ... something < PROPFEMALE > Oopsie Renfro should look into sometime :D 
\Once you've reached college and you're still in band ... you've reached a new level ....... of Band Geek \"" 
guess i'll head down to Moore and see if i can get in ... 
\I've been biding time with the crows and sparrows\ 
well ... according to weather.com, its about 17 degrees out and with the wind chill its supposed to feel like 1 degree outside .... WOW !!! 
\I'm more than a bird ... I'm more than a plane ... I'm a birdplane \"" 
people of facebook i need kooky ideas : name an unlikely superhero and a conflict for he or she to solve 
\I know sometimes you feel so helpless\ 
FML 
\When I see your face\ 
\If perfect is what you're searching for\ 
i'm startin to get as bad as my dad ... i'm startin to recognize bands by the sounds of their guitars . haha 
was just informed by his roommate that it was literally snowing in our room earlier today ... anyone else notice the problem with that statement ? 
well ........................... damn . 
really messed up his right arm and right leg ... durn 
well ... my annoying-as-all-get-out roommate , < PROPMALE > Smith just left for home and i got the room all to myself ... oh darn ! hahaha jk 
\Oh her eyes 
Aaaaaanndd ... break starts now !!! \\nYeah Baby !! 
i'm feelin a trip to the Pisgah < PROPMALE > here pretty soon ... gotta see the waterfalls after this weather 
well ... the puppy has arrived and is sleeping in my lap as i sit next to the fire :) 
\I blank out and the thoughts around in me \ 
day 2 with the dog : he's startin to get ornery ... i call him monster , but the rest of the family doesnt like the name :/ 
\You're beautiful and you're always shining \ 
Wii gaming has reached a new low ... when they have a game like they do now called Babysitting Mama , its gone too far . comes complete with ur own baby doll with sensors inside of it for the controls ... wow . 
church christmas Concert at First Baptist of Hendersonville at 6 pm . yall should come !! 
well ... the concert went pretty good last night at church . i havent seen the sanctuary packed out that much in a long time ... any of yall who didnt go who could have missed out on some good stuff 
someone let me know how the lunar eclipse is ... screw stayin up 
\You still win me ! \ " ~ My little bro as the other one beats him at wii sports resort " 
wish i had something to do right now other than baby and puppy sitting 
\And I'm blessed 
\True love is finding someone you can stand to be with for 10 inutes at a time . \"" 
time to wrap some presents with yesterday's newspaper and painter's tape 
Frah-gee-lay ... must be italian \\nYeah Baby !! 
hope everyone is enjoyin their christmas !! 
uploading cd's into my itunes i came across one particular one i didnt even know i had ... it contains a bunch of the < PROPMALE > Python songs !! 
watchin my dad < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Harper and my stepmom < PROPFEMALE > S . Roque-Harper try to learn how to play guitar hero ... of course my dad sticks with the drums 
\I was shy I turned away \ 
anybody know anything about hoodpins ? i thinkin about gettin some for my truck since the latch broke on it 
\I hope you don't mind that I put down in words \ 
i wonder if i will ever fill up my macbook's hard drive ... 
\I sat on the roof and kicked off the moss \ 
family game night with guitar hero ... it was going great until i started to record it and then my lil bro broke down crying cuz he thought i was gonna put up on here ... such a weirdo 
\I know it's not much but it's the best I can do \ 
anyone wanna come help me babysit for christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? u get to play with a 3 month old puppy as an added bonus !! haha 
movie and whitman's sampler ... yum yum 
time to go practice .......... 
Is suddenly and inexplicably depressed ... so what do i do to get undepressed ? turn to my trombone\\nYeah Baby !! 
\it's hard to tell you all the love I'm feelin'\ 
music is my drug ... youtube is my dealer 
only 3 more days 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
i think < PROPMALE > Matter just might beat the hell outta my dog tonight if he keeps barking ... 
Oh yeah ... mighty mite basketball with my lil bros as the smallest ones out here\\nYeah Baby !! 
OH MY GOSH !!!!! IT'S DEFINITELY TIME TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL !!! 
should prolly pack up my stuff so i'm not rushed tomorrow to leave before this 4-8 inches of snow hits hendo 
while here in hendo it feels like -2 degrees ... in Malaysia its currently 119 degrees ... interesting 
\don't cry the Lord replies \ 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation UNDER GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone !!! 
off to the hill 
is back 
pretty much an entire campus shutdown for 2 days ... dang 
just saw a MHC truck try to go up the hill behind myers dorm , slide back down it in reverse , and then try it a second time while fish-tailing all over the road ... he actually made it this time , tho 
out of 305 friends on Facebook , theres 40 online , yet no one ever seems to want to talk ... what is the point of Facebook then ? 
\Fly me to the < PROPFEMALE > \ 
\I can't stop lovin ' you\ 
\I don't know if we're in a garden\ 
so it seems that all other colleges relatively close to Mars Hill are closed today , yet little old Mars Hill College refuses to cancel classes , even though it has not stopped snowing outside since yesterday ... anyone else see the problem here ? 
wants to watch a movie but doesnt know which one to watch 
anyone wanna do something ? 
alright ... its official . < PROPFEMALE > Oopsie Renfro has the most annoying neighbors i have found on campus ... yes < PROPMALE > Smith , they are worse than ours 
good sermon at Mars Hill Baptist today . 
really wishes he could hear with his left ear right now ... but no ...... thanks to el padre and his genetics i cant ... muchas gracias padre . 
ahh .... one more class and i'll be done for the day since brass dont go to band today 
SON-OF-A-BITCH TOOL : ( A personal favorite !! ) Any handy tool that you grab and throw across the garage while yelling ' Son of a BITCH!' at the top of your lungs . It is also , most often , the next tool that you will need . 
bout to watch me some repo ... 
what a revealing game \Never Have I Ever\ " is ..... " 
bout to watch me some of the new < PROPFEMALE > trek 
\When I'm tired and thinkin ' cold\ 
bout to watch me the new incredible hulk 
well ... got up here at school and realized i forgot the power cord to my macbook ... anyone got a power cord i could borrow for 20-30 minutes to charge my battery ? 
Bout to watch me some hotel rwanda ... hope its not a waste of 2 hours\\nYeah Baby !! 
just fixed his macbook with a feather ..... 
\I tear my heart open 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour . ? keep fighting ! 
\She's got a smile that it seems to me\ 
GOSH !!!!!! ITS SO FREAKING HOT IN MY HOUSE !!!! 
\She's got eyes of the bluest skies\ 
watching my Ealges : Farewell Tour 1 DVD .... oh how missed this 
actually been productive these past couple of days ... got the truck cleaned out , the terminals on the battery replaced , cleaned off my granny's furnace filters , played in the orchestra at church , played some raquetball with my dad and lil bro , and got to start workin on my motorcycle ... here comes 50 years of work to get that thing goin again ... haha 
why is it so hard to find information about my motorcycle ? 
\I can see that you've been hurting 
\I believe in second chances\ 
Hi , I'm a guy . I'm single . I would never cheat on you . I would always text you first , tell you that you're beautiful every day , say I love you in front of my friends , never choose my video games over you , protect you , try my best to never make you cry , hold you and never let you go , kiss you in the pouring rain . Yes , ladies , I do exist . No , I'm not gay . Stop dating douche-bags and jerks . Date me :) 
stayin at school for the weekend ... gotta figure out ways to entertain myself ... give me a call if ya < PROPFEMALE > out 
watchin the fiddler on the roof for the first time with < PROPFEMALE > Oopsie Renfro 
tryin to decide whether or not to go dancing tonight .... hmm ... 
3 am and i'm finally getting back to the room after some practice and trying to figure out some chords for jazz band ... this is why i'm not a music < PROPMALE > . at least its now sunday and i can sleep in 
watchin the super bowl in belk on the ultimate big screen 
should really be doin a paper right now but feels like pullin a Katerina Canter and procrastinating :P 
My problem is i love you . I love your name , I love the way you look at me , I love your gorgeous smile , I love the way you walk , I love your beautiful eyes , I love the sound of your laugh , i love the way you get mad , i love the way i dont understand you at all . I love the way I can be having the worst day of my life and seeing you completely changes my mood . I love how when you touch me I get weak , thats my problem . 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is to love and be loved in return . 
so ... my littlest brother went to a < PROPFIRST > bieber concert tonight with a friend .......... sometimes i just really worry bout that kid . at this rate , he may never get his man card ... 
time to watch some Blast ! 
Mission Accomplished !! Yeah !!! 
bout to watch Despicable Me 
To girls every where . STOP BITCHING ABOUT GUYS BEING JERKS . STOP BITCHING ABOUT THAT ONE GUY YOU LOVE TREATING YOU LIKE SHIT . US NICE GUYS DONT DO THAT NOT A DAY GOES BY WE DONT STOP THINKING ABOUT THAT 1 GIRL WE LOVE . BECAUSE TRUST ME IM GETTING TIRED OF THE LIKE PAGES SAYING \TOO ALL GUYS\ " . Not all of us guys are \ " PERVERTS OR JERKS\ " . STOP COMPLAINING WE LOVE YOU JUST REALIZE HE DOESNT " 
experiment successful ... club soda and a toothbrush takes mildew/mold off of shower walls ! 
Hotdog World !!!! \\nYeah Baby !! 
just saw I Am Number Four ... pretty great movie !!! 
< PROPMALE > Smith + Nerf Gun + Boredom = ... well i dont really know 
thinkin maybe i should just start leaving my phone in my room now cuz all day long whenever someone called or texted me , i was in class ... never out of class .... 
BANANA PUDDIN ' FROM MY MADRE !!!!!! 
( in a very scratchy/grumbly voice)\Roxanne ... You don't have to put on that red light . \"" 
BOB'S SOFT PEPPERMINT STICKS !!! 
i tracked down the serial number on my little trombone and found out that it was made in 1936 ... this means its 2 years older than my grandfather ... wow 
argh ! my entire body is aching from pe , capture the flag , train wreck , and everything else today !!! 
wish my leg would just fix itself ... that would be awesome . 
never figured band tour would be so much fun ... playin on different stages and for different people that usual is sorta nice . been to < PROPFIRST > Central High School , North < PROPMALE > High School , and Mooresville Senior High School . got two more tomorrow ... gonna be sad when this is over , tho . 
< PROPFIRST > !!! 
? if you love me , ( Comment On This Status)\ 
? if you think imma good friend , ( Like This Status)\ 
? if you hate me , ( Message Me And Tell Me Why)\ 
? if you ever had a crush on me , be honest , ( Poke Me)\ 
? if your not scared , ( Make This Your Status ) 
so hows life treatin ' ya ? 
why is it snowing ? i mean i guess it doesnt really matter since its not sticking , but why ? 
so how's ur life goin ? 
cleaned the top of desk , my box fan , and the window screen behind it ( of course after i wrote my name in all the dust and gunk built up in it ) . now its time for the caf . 
is currently in a flair war with < PROPFEMALE > Oopsie Renfro . this should get interesting 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children , outside of siblings . No one will ever understand your CRAZY family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately , re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world :D Love ALL my cousins and so blessed to have them in my life ! 
bout to watch Inception 
such hostility when it comes to March Madness ... 
played 3 games of raquetball today ... won 1 , lost 2 . and now time to get ready to go dancing tonight 
my little sister got baptized today at church !!! and now it's time to go find a place to practice me some trombone with ( 1 ) getting yelled at for it or ( 2 ) getting the cops called on me for it ....... 
i get a different computer and i still steal all the bandwidth at home ... what in the world ? 
bout to watch me some Boondock Saints 
time to watch some season 3 of 24 
apparently i hit the jackpot of LPs at Goodwill today cuz everyone had something to say about this Boston album ... and i gotta say , it sounds AMAZING !!!! 
The Girl you just called fat ? Has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? Has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? Spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? Is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you have the guts to stand up against bullying ! 
i think i play guitar hero too much ...... 
\Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash\ 
well ... finally beat my dad in a game of raquetball again ... 23-21 ! but then he got pissed cuz he cant take losin to his son and beat me 21-3 . but i dont care bout that ... just as long as i beat him every now and then 
been waitin all break for this .... sunset over at jump off rock !! \\nYeah Baby !! 
just got back from Jump Off Rock and saw the sunset , a bunch of people , and a guy propose to his girlfriend ... i think he picked one of the best spots in hendo 
\Como la semilla \ 
time to go to lunch then back to The Hill 
back on the hill ... what to do ? 
\And its funny how it's the little things in life that mean the most \ 
time to bullshit the shit out of the bull on this rough draft 
\f I could be < PROPMALE > even for a day\ 
lovin the wireless in Myers right now ;) 
i love how everyone who can get wireless in their room on campus has gone to it and now the ethernet is completely free :) loaded up < PROPFEMALE > Burana on youtube and it never paused ... all the bandwidth i want now ! 
Whooped some ass in raquetball tonight ;) but now its time to try studying some muscles ..... 
WTF DUKE ?!?!?!? 
bout to watch the tourist 
When I walk along with two others , they may serve me as my teachers . I will select their good qualities and follow them , their bad qualities and avoid them .  
is playing this new zombie game he got on his macbook and its pretty funny cuz theres all this screaming and blood and gore , yet in the background is peaceful , classical piano music .... haha 
april fools day tomorrow >:D 
saw an actual opera for the time tonight ... i thought it was pretty good . and the mars hill kids did good for their part :P 
what to do on a saturday in Mars Hill ? 
\Everyday we live 
bout to watch 24 ! 
always loves watching the lightning !! 
back in hendo for the night . then off to school tomorrow evening to practice for all the concerts :P 
time to watch the karate kid ... the new one 
would any of you music < PROPMALE > majors like to help me out on my research paper of why music < PROPMALE > ucation shouldn't be taken out of schools by letting me interview them ? 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants ... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism Awareness Month , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it . 
feels good cuz he finally fixed one of his weedeaters and one of his blowers today 
All of us have wishes to be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to survive cancer's deadly attack . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died from , is fighting against , or has beaten cancer , copy and post this . 
anyone on campus wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tonight ? 
well ... only gettin 5 hours of sleep last night is already starting to get to me ... why do i have to be the nice guy ? 
music is really gettin to me in college now cuz i just figured out that Asya Gantt's voice and whenever her phone vibrates are both an F 
anyone is Mars Hill up for some Waffle House ? 
never imagined he could put together music and pe topics into an english research paper 
YES !!! F *** YOU RESEARCH PAPER !!! 
YES !!!! F *** YOU JURIES !!!! 
its always sad when you reach the last episode of 24 .... 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face . \ 
Dont be that guy/girl 
if anyone needs help moving off campus , let me know . i got plenty of free time now 
