I was walking out of the theater from watching Sherlock Holmes and saw a very tall lad about my height and thought to myself \dam hes tall ........... \ " Took me about thirty seconds to realize that I was that tall to . " 

wow i completely forgot about facebook ...... anywho i made it back safe and sound not that im vibrating or anything that would create sound but well i guess ..... yeah ...... i got up early . Anyone really that happy to have school start ? 
Its going to be a loooooong day today X.X 
Mountian Dew , Super smash bros , 2 in the morning , ahh life is grand . 
I think that being on wipeout would be alot of fun . we should have a school event like that . 
If love has no anger how come Cupid keeps shooting people with arrows ? That seems like a very angry thing to do . 
Just finished the first of two bible projects . Now to write a 2 < PROPFEMALE > book report ....... yay 
Has decided that halo although as fun as it is should not be played to the wee hours of the morning . 
How can the people on american idol think they sing ? They sound like they are having their vocal cords being thrown through the proverbial blender . And for that matter should have their vocals sent there so they cant torture anyone else with their horrible singing . 
Just finished cutting 30 blocks of cheese 4 times ...... if i never smell cheese again it will still be to soon ..... i dislike ( with a burning passion that is equal to or greater then the strength of the all the suns in the most vast universe that is ponder-able ) school . 
They are throwing the bloody food !!!! how would you like it if we came to your wedding and threw mash potatoes ?... i love comedy . 
Staying up till 2 in the morning , not the wisest decision , but definitely the funnest . Hidalgo , Captian < PROPMALE > , and Super smash bros yeah it was fun ! 
Just got monster < PROPMALE > 3 . SOOOO STOCKED . Looks amazing !!!! 
the play is over . well atleast till tomorrow ! 
It was beige . well maybe an off color white , i still cant tell ..... so im gonna go with beige . definitely . 
Gets to go to walla walla tomorrow to < PROPFEMALE > out with my cousins and sister ! boo-yah ! 
Has decided to go with a buzz cut ..... haven't had short hair in awhile , back to my beginnings , fun . 
Well the deed is done , and i look damn fine if i do say so myself , and i do . 
Just finished helping make quiche .. gueche ? what ever ... now to get ready for tomorrows class day . 
So im watching dancing with the stars , ( Dont judge me ) and they bleep the part where one of the dancers goes F *** but they don't when he goes Son of a B ***** . Anyone else notice that ? 
For those of you in bible class , don't forget that final projects are due tomorrow . 
Is thinking about the asb president speech ... so many things to say and yet so little time .... * le sigh * 
Just finished his Spanish final ... which means only one final to do tomorrow . 
I just watched 5 minutes of the Spanish channel we have , a guy was taken onto the stage surrounded by scantily clad women then song to by a fat woman , he then started singing back only to be squirted by a squirt gun by a midget in a clown suit , which when the squirting didn't stop the singing took the gun bashed a lock which allowed 2 midget wrestlers to go tackle the singing man ...... WTF 
When you make someone stop what they are doing so you can watch under half of a movie that you havent seen and then spend the rest of the movie complaining that you dont know whats going on .... then you are a SOB . 
Just finished Zombieland , and wow that made my week . Defiantly gonna watch it again sometime . 
Went and saw predators today . That was an awesome movie . although it was alittle sad to only see people over 50 in the movie theater . and no im not kidding . 
The truth is irrelevant . perception is everything . 
Fun Fact of the Day . The sun < PROPFEMALE > at 4:16 in my neck of the woods , and had set at 8:37 . 
So my sister had her car broken into . but since its a piece of crap there was nothing to take but some quarters . so as she is leaving the room after explaining this to me she leaves with the statement , \I'm not that peeved that someone broke into my car . I'm peeved they didn't steal my car ! \"" 
It's 2 in the mornin . Yeah its time for a resident evil marathon . 
school starts Monday and i have to drive 5 hours to get home and what do i forget to bring ? My Wallet .... Go me ! 
Your mumbling words but I can't hear anymore , You're totally entertained but i am absolutely bored . To the sharks with your conversation and see what they say . \ 
Have had this song stuck in my head all day . 
Why is it that im finding more fun playing a game created in 1996 then a game created in 2010 ? Did we lose the ability to understand what fun is ? 
Is \frustrated\ " that the government thinks they will be able to control the internet when the top engineers and computer techs in the world are telling them they cant . " 
Sooooo i need to pack for senior survival ..... but instead went to watch guardians of gahoole , and now feel that it was the right decision . As i look at the bags i have left to pack ..... 
Sooooo ..... SAT tomorrow .... joy to the world ..... 
Was it Monday or Tuesday that < PROPFEMALE > bio project is due ? 
Seniors get your money in tomorrow !!!! 
Seniors don't forget your money tomorrow ! Haven't i said this before ? 
Time for the 4page fun to begin . Thank you who ever came up with random name generators i'd kiss you but i cant seem to find you . 
As an evil overlord I will add indelible dye to the moat . It won't stop anyone from swimming across , But even dim-witted guards should be able to figure out when someone has entered in this fashion . 
On my drive home from school i saw 2 police cruisers and one bomb squad vehicle ..... oh my . 
Realized I don't have school tomorrow . So happy . :) 
Anyone care to enlighten me on what exactly we are supposed to do in bible ? Cause what i thought we were supposed to do isn't what i think were supposed to do . 
Yo mama so fat when she jump in the pool her splash attack actually does something , I laughed . 
Okay english 4 heres your choices for me . White supremecy , the pc line , animal cruelty , or immigration . Choose wisely . 
Okay so i can bring salsa tomorrow , but some one else has to bring the chips . 
So i'm sitting here rewriting my English essay and only one thought is going through my mind , \ 
\ 
\I'm going to hell for writing this . \"" 
Isn't feeling good , so i'm not going to school tomorrow . Yay ? 
Oy , what was due today ? Thanks . 
Sooo i might have broken a bone .... that aint good . 
HAH it aint broke , just sprained . 
After talking about how its better to make people feel better then sad . \ 
Me : My mother told me to always tell the truth . \ 
Mother : I want to amend that ! 
change of plans im not going to school tomorrow , just drivin . 
where the hell went my vacation ?!?!?!? 
Someone needs to bring super smash bros brawl to matts , cause i cant find mine . 
