another fire 

Is excited that he finally got a facebook 
is tired ... I hate mondays 
wow < PROPFIRST > , you really like qoutes . :) 
is procrastinating on his annotated bibliography ... 
Ohio State game today . Sweet . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Body is freaking awesome , and not just because of < PROPFEMALE > Fox . :) 
is going to Findlay to get clothes for homecoming :) 
homecoming tomorrow :) 
played paintball today . It was awesome 
is gonna start voice of democracy tonight . Kill me now :( 
Is gonna put a smile on his face :) 
is tired and wants to go to bed 
is feeling better today :) 
cinnamon toast crunch for a late night snack . yum . :) 
Work from 5 to 12:30 tonight . :( 
got drug searched in the staples parking lot with a few guys cuz we were eating cheeseburgers in my friends < PROPFIRST > at 11:30 . We were clean though . 
are we having an antigone test tomorrow cuz we still haven't completed the study guide 
not much homework today and no more VoD . Praise Jesus 
goodnight facebook :) 
ugh , cold and rain aren't a fun mix :( 
is pretty much willing to talk to anyone on facebook right now :) 
why do the god's of facebook mock me ??? :( 
just got done watching < PROPFIRST > darko . i'm so confused 
no school tomorrrow . F-ing sweet :) 
is in desperate need of something fun to do tonight 
college visit today 
good day . not much homework and tomorrow is friday :) 
boring weekend except for when i got a ticket for trying to drive a 4-wheeler through town . I know , I'm a rebel 
has senior pictures today !!! 
is bored ... 
just got modern warfare 2 . fucking sweet !!!! 
is annoyed by people constantly sending love notes as facebook statuses . seriously , get a room 
YAY FRIDAY 
last week we didn't do shit in school . why didn't they just give us a test then ? 
wow .. hour and a half naps are awesome :) 
anyone else see the < PROPFIRST > lambert video on AMA ? all i can say is wow > o < 
needs help with trig . anyone interested in a tutoring job ? 
Cat . I'm a < PROPFEMALE > cat and i dance , dance , dance and i dance , dance dance 
yay . leaving for florida in exactly a week . can't wait . :) :) :) 
:( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
why can't it snow and stay warm ?? :) 
just got AIM its gamerweave@yahoo.com 
( sigh ) i'm gonna miss taking exams . they are just so much fun and i love studying soooo much :) 
CHRISTMAS BREAK YEEAAAHHHH !!!!!!!!! LETS ALL PARTY . 16 days of break 
Avatar omg this movie is AMAZING 
supp my facebook people . talkie to meeee :) 
HEY EVERYONE !!! FACEBOOK IS NOT A DIARY !!! MAYBE SOME OF US DON\T CARE ABOUT HOW PISSED OFF YOU ARE RIGHT NOW !!! " 
yes .... finally a sunday that i don't have to work :) 
is very tired . wants to sleep , but can't :( 
is being amused by looking up wikipedia on wikipedia lol 
the weather is beautiful for like the first time , so what do I do ? sit in my room with the blinds closed and draw a portrait of < PROPMALE > Cobain .... Thats my life in a sentence . LOL :) 
God of War 3 = better boss battles then the legend of < PROPFEMALE > and metroid combined .... yeah , it's pretty epic :) 
is confused and still trying to remember everything that happened last night :/ 
just discovered i still have my charizard pokemon card . awesome :) 
it was a cool and lovely breezy afternoon how does it feel when you got no < PROPMALE > ? Pass the dutchie on the left hand side pass the dutchie on the left hand side 
28 days , 6 hours , 42 minutes , and 12 seconds . That is when the world will end 
9:11 make a wish :) 
I wish I had a ride so I could actually get out and communicate with other humans :( 
realized today that i had 3 paychecks waiting for me at work . no wonder i am always broke . LOL 
Everyone right now , go to youtube and listen to electric avenue . its amazing :) 
is gonna play some dodgeball for some reason : l 
I can't believe I have never heard of Beatallica . It's the ultimate parody band i have been waiting for my whole life . :) :) :) 
OK , so here is a slightly racist conversation between my family at the dinner table :( Mom : I'm so mad at my boss , one of these days i'm gonna blow up on them\ 
Me : Mom , you're a terrorist ? \ 
My sister : yeah , I noticed your skin has been changing color\ 
Me : yeah ......... wait , what ? LOL -gotta love my family 
cliffs of dover gave my ears an orgasm :) :) :) 
just had a monster , a 5 hour energy and am ready for a full night of scrapbooking . 
is jammin to styx :) 
\I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought 
is in love with a random person and thought i would just let everyone know even though i could directly talk to that person instead 
is anyone else an INTP ?? introvert intuistic thinking perceiving ?? just curious . if anyone cares to find out go to http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp and find out . you may find it very insightful 
thank you all . :) 
gonna go end my b-day by going to see the last airbender with good old mr. J-sweirls . :) 
Just 2 days left til < PROPMALE > . College here I come . :) 
Thinks it's time for people to take a closer look at what our government is doing and stop buying the bull shit 
Has came to the conclusion recently that the only way to live is in anarchy . The government has become obsolete thanks to the Internet . Even if you don't agree , at least give it some thought . We all need to think . 
Just got to my new home city tonight . Moving into my bachelor pad tomorrow . Yay 
All moved in . Roommate is pretty cool , Orientation tomorrow and I get my MacBook tomorrow :) 
The new world order is real and we are all victims to it 
the pledge of allegiance is a lie and was created by a socialist . it claims that our states are indivisible and under god . those are both lies fed to us . our states united voluntarily and can secede voluntarily . also the idea that our country was founded under god is a lie . there is nothing wrong with people being part of a religion but separation of church and state is necessary 
THE FOUR LEVELS OF COMPETENCE\ 
1 . unconscious incompetence = you don't realize how bad you are\ 
2 . conscious incompetence = you are fully aware how bad you are\ 
3 . conscious competence = you remind yourself constantly how good you are\ 
4 . unconscious competence = you never think about how good you are 
Has anyone else been getting spammed on here by by your friends trying to get you to get new ringtones ? kinda weird that 3 of my friends want me to get 25 new ringtones . 
if the universe is expanding , what could it possibly be expanding into ? 
is sooo bored . feeling a need to socialize for the first time ever . :( 
if you have one bucket that holds 2 gallons and another bucket that holds 5 gallons , how many buckets do you have ? 
lab from 1 to 5 in the morning , then class from 9 to 1 , followed by another lab from 1 to 5 in the afternoon . Yep , my weekday schedule is going to be fun 
My next door neighbors have 2 cats on their porch and they like me :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Kucinich rule !! :) 
less than 2 months until proposition 19 is voted for in california . :) a vote for hemp is a vote for < PROPFEMALE > . 
8 hour drawing classes . is there any class sweeter ? 
has to finish 3 big < PROPMALE > projects and successfully model a 3D character and rig it for animation before monday . also some sleep would be nice . 
and it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right , cuz the will has brought no fortune still i cry alone at night . don't you judge of my composure cuz i'm bothered every day , and she didn't leave a letter , she just up and ran away . \ 
Who is it ? -MJ :) :) 
has mid-senior year nostalgia and doesn't quite fully understand why . : l 
how is foliage in ohio ? i wish i could see it right now . just dumb palm trees 
loves coming into school at 9 when class doesn't start til 1 . 
this begins day 2 of nude guesture drawing . this should be fun . 
so who honestly is behind the < PROPFIRST > profile ?? lol 
lotta pink profile pictures out there . don't quite understand why . seems a little silly . : l 
damn . i think i'm at school 4 hours early again . :( 
oh man i think i'm gonna be sick . :( 
do they still make movies in 2-D ?? 
how do i keep waking up 6 hours later when i only mean to take a little nap ? its starting to piss me off . but it just feels so right .. 
this is october . i couldn't have to complain that the AC is out . i should be freezing my ass off right now . ohio , oh how i miss you . :( 
anyone else not able to get on to get on to ALEKS ?? 
if i don't get out of the apartment this weekend , i think i just might consider not being nice to the next cat that i see . :( 
i found a switchblade laying on the sidewalk in front of the apartment yesterday ... oh i love this neighborhood . 
The way I see it , the world is a very dangerous and unbalanced place , so i realized the only way to ensure peace is to make everybody dangerous . -Lucky Harith from Fallout 3 
twas a pleasant day riding along the sidewalk to school on my bike until i was slammed into by a car and flew over their hood . the bike seat is a little messed up but other than that i'm alright 
getting a shiny new bicycle today =D 
now i know what its like to get screwed over in the real world :( 
bicycle bicycle bicycle i want to ride my ( new ) bicycle bicycle bicycle =) 
when the only p < PROPMALE > of college that i enjoy is the pencil drawing that i do until 7 in the morning every night , something is definitely wrong . considering the fact that i am majoring in computer < PROPMALE > . 
i feel like i need a drastic change in my sleep schedule . every day i wake up and get like 1 hour of sunlight . it just feels wrong 
this is turning into a pleasant day . drinking a 7/11 < PROPFEMALE > slushie , jamming to metallica , and experimenting with the 3 dollar water color set i bought at walmart . ahh , life .. :) 
attention all : if you have an ipod dock stereo and a computer with itunes , play the songs on both of them at the same time but have them at different places in the room . i swear i am listening to surround sound right now . its pretty sweet . 
i HATE bugs . why do there need to be 2 inch cockroaches in my apartment ? why can't there just be 2 inch miniature cats crawling around that serve their purpose instead of those nasty things . 
i'm sure making a great start to my new semester . i came to school to retake one of the several classes i have failed only to find out that not only was it not being taught in the same room but in a different building across campus . i circled around for an hour before giving up , going to nasty taco < PROPFEMALE > and going home . 
things are going my way today . i got an early flight and will be in detroit before 11 instead of 6 tonight . :) 
heading back to < PROPMALE > now . had a good time back in the state that i love , a little bummed i couldn't stay longer but i'll be back in about 3 weeks . and maybe permanently in a few months . :) 
White-collar conservatives flashing down the street\ 
\ 
Pointing their plastic finger at me . \ 
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die , \ 
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high -Jimi Hendrix 
you know what grinds my gears ? when every other word out of my lab instructor is \umm ... \ " she drives me insane . :( " 
just finished watching soylent green and that is a pretty intense movie considering when it was made . i liked it though . SOYLENT GREEN IS PEOPLE !! 
so what is with the new wave of pokemon profile pictures ? its cool and all . just curious 
THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKING ME THIRSTY !!!! 
I think my date went very well haha =) 
I'm gonna fill my entire apartment with scented candles :) it smells good in here for once 
after playing some internet games , i came to the conclusion that internet games haven't changed at all in the last 10 years . also , what does robot unicorn attack have to do with robots or the action of attacking ? 
and to think i'll be back in the air port ready to come home in only 24 hours . =) 
i'll be boarding a plane in exactly 12 hours :) 
wow . nothing kills 2 and a half hours like college humor clips 
screw you guys [ full sail university ] i'm going home =) 
my ... life ... is ... AWESOME !! 
so apparently i'm going to go to miami with a new friend ... and ive been chilling with another guy around my apartment . and i'm starting my temporary job on sunday . its kind of funny that right when i'm about to leave in a month things start happening for me .. 
the twilight zone has to be one of the greatest television shows i have ever seen . why have i waited until last night to watch an episode ? the episodes are 50 years old lol . awesome show nonetheless 
i found a girl's iphone today and got it back to her just now . good < PROPFEMALE > for me =) 
prison break ... prison break ... prison break ... prison break ... prison break =) 
can it please be 1999 again ? 
i just realized that it has been 7 weeks since i have posted a piece of < PROPMALE > on facebook ... i suck ... :( 
