Bring on 2010 , because 2009 can't be over soon enough ! 

sushi , karaoke , < PROPMALE > the cab driver , bishop , crazy randomness , and 1mile random pedicab in the rain = awesome NYE 
camping in February . 
hates rainy season . 
it is reallllllly hot out 
Gets to see her boy in 4 days ! 
is the best procrastinator EVER 
Is tired and not looking forward to tomorrow/today . 
needs a roommate . St. < PROPMALE > Fl anyone ? 3.4 < PROPMALE > from white sand beaches ? 
Is totally getting ice cream on her lunch break 
Is so done with the lack of accountability . 
has an 8 < PROPFEMALE > paper to write tonight . Monster anyone ? 
longest ..... paper ....... ever ....... 
starts at wachovia on the 17th . Yay ! 
Well . That's humiliating . I give up . 
Books , pools , and undertow tonight . 
Is only 24 
Has the cutest dog ever 
thinks too much . Whatever happens , happens . 
needs a trip in the works .... but to where ? 
Stupid rainy season 
< PROPMALE > Jones is the biggest scumbag to ever walk this earth . Email for details . 
Will not be threatened 
Is so excited to get started on my life ! 
is beyond exhausted 
says ... BRING ON THE FROGS !!!!! 
sleep ? probably not ... 
off to Loft . Wheeee ... 
has to cut the cord 
Ladies night .. ;) 
Is tired but loving her new job 
Is way too tired to have 8hrs behind a computer 
Is digging her new job 
is in such a crappy mood today 
Has a lot of stuff to figure out 
Hates the general public 
loves her some Ice Road Truckers ... 
still doesn't have her hurricane stuff together .... :/ 
Low of 76 tonight !!!!! A/C OFF !!! 
Needs a d o-o ver on life ... 
Is starting to get excited for halloween .... 
is thinking applebees after 10 tonight .... 
So this is what fridays feel like ..... 
Needs to have some fun tonight 
Really doesn't feel like being at loft right now . 
Does not like thinking days 
is so sleepy but still had way too much to do .. 
Really likes her new job ... ll 
knew it wouldn't last long ... return to normalcy . 
why am I so nocturnal ? I don't get it . I have to be up in 5 hours and still don't want to go to bed ... 
Is not having a good day .. 
needs some new pictures ... 
should definitely be at ladies night , not loft . 
So wishes she were homwe for peach fest !! What's up with me slways starting new jobs right before ?!?! Definitely making it next year !!!!! 
Bad bad bad morning 
First Fridays ! only consolation for not being in downtown < PROPMALE > .... 
Is thinking about becoming an ex-pat 
..... like dead flowers 
The world needs more < PROPFIRST > Cera-esque boys .... 
is super pumped about Gossip Girl starting tomorrow .... which is kinda lame , but oh well !! 
GOSSIP GIRL !!!!!!!!!!!! 
no more dirty dancing for Swayze ... :( 
off to work ... 
off to school . Good thing I love accounting , otherwise this would suck .. 
when is it gonna cool down a little ? Good gravy . 
vet , clean , laundry , pull weeds , Hula Bay ... 
stupid cat . 
it is such a gorgeous day today ! 
Watering trough tonight ... Yeehaw . 
Macroeconomics and I just don't get along ... 
is always up so late :( 
holy crap i love that show . 
so it's fall , but still a bajillion degrees out ...... 
laying out by my pool :) 
Why don't dogs understand that Saturdays are meant for sleeping ... 
USF over FSU 17-7 ! 
doesn't really want to work tonight 
first friday ? perhaps .... 
Gunslingers with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
just really doesn't know what to do anymore ... 
Go Packers ! 
is hating everything 
ruins EVERYTHING . 
LOFT ? again ? blah . Downtown after ? 
Downtown St. < PROPMALE > . text . call . 
is such a sucker 
needs to get out of here . 
needs a new plan 
Green Iguana . Do it . 
is smiley today and feeling pretty accomplished . 
< PROPFIRST > Sinatra makes cleaning 100000000000000000000000X better 
Has to be in Tampa at 8:30 ? Crap . 
has no plans for tomorrow night ? foolishness . 
Go Bulls !!!!! 
really doesnt know what to do anymore . 
WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON TONIGHT !?!?!?! 
why is < PROPMALE > from The Office so freakin cute ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Biv DeVoe said it best \never trust a big butt and a smile\ " Have a good Saturday night y'all . " 
really wants to go somewhere for her birthday . Vegas , cruise , Miami ? 
Oooh I'm thinking Key West . Who's with me ? 
Everytime I hear Kickstart My Heart by Motley Crue , it reminds me of < PROPFIRST > Holler and barefoot circle with < PROPFEMALE > :( 
has a < PROPFIRST > Houstons Greatest Hits CD :D hahahahahahaha 
Parkside applebees tonight with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has been lonely for years , why would tonight be any different ? 
gives up 
So I was thinking this night was set up to be a wash .... then I remembered that its Monday ! Football and Gossip Girl ! All is good in the world !!!!!!!!! 
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son , I got 99 problems ....... 
Anyone wanna take an accounting test for me tomorrow ? I just don't feel like it . K ? Thanks . 
goes back to the gym starting tomorrow . or maybe Tuesday .... 
needs an adventure soonish .... 
totally buying everyone snuggies for xmas hahhahahaha 
laptop and shopvac . Bring on 6am ! 
really really really can't get sick now .... 
I just saw that verizon-ATT commercial with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . and he was sooooooo much cuter without that extra 20lbs :( 
Needs to get better fast ! 
is such an idiot ! 
So it's looking like Green Iguana tomorrow night for my birthday ! Score ! 
Had a very good night last night 
remember kids , it's never ever ever what someone SAYS thats important , only only only pay attention to what they do . Actions definitely speak louder than words . 
“I love sleep . My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake , you know ? ” - Hemingway 
14 1/2 hour work days do NOT make me like xmas . round 3 this week tmrw . 45 hrs in 3 days ? why the heck not ... 
There's no place like home for the holidays .... :( Miss y'all . 
Complacency kills . 
always the same story . 
just found $20 in the pocket of my jeans ! Score !! 
the more boys i meet , the more I love my dog . 
has been a hermit lately .. 
go Saints ! 
night y'all <3 
is really very pumped about PBR tomorrow . 
I'm telling you , the secret to a clean house is < PROPFIRST > Sinatra 
has been free from him for 6 months today ! 
is official <3 
is a lucky girl :) 
wishes he would leave her alone . I have to get out of here ..... 
almost almost almost beach weather ! SO EXCITED !!! 
Got another A on an accounting exam ... bringing my class grade to 100% 
business law- not so fun 
Oh 15 yr old truck , why do you wanna drop chucks of rust in my hair ... 
is so thankful it's the weekend . 
UFC : Contributing to < PROPMALE > complex worldwide . 
The gulf of mexico is BEAUTIFUL today ! 
Who's calculator died in the middle of an accounting exam ? Oh yeah , mine ... 
Busch Gardens yo !!! 
A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have 
GATORS !!! A.k.a , the cougar den ... jabberwocky where are you ?!?!? 
13 days and counting ..... 
Beach this weekend ? Yes , yes I think so . Thinking Pass-a-grille ..... 
I don't know why I am so obsessed about saving for retirement .... but I am . 
It's 10:30 and 88 degrees inside my house , helllllllllllo summer ! 
business law final in an hour ... eek . 
bought plane tickets for Peach festival weekend ..... :D 
Accounting final ! Yeeeeeaaaahhhhh . 
Do you think people buying pre-owned airplanes take them for test flights ? :/ 
Out for some crazy semi-psuedo mexican holiday ! 
not digging this feeling .... best to go to bed . 
1st Friday ! 
Trough tonight ! Yeehaw ! 
Just curious , have I ever mentioned how awesome my best friend , < PROPFIRST > Planitz , is ? Because she shines brighter than most ... 
Well , lets get this over with . 
Started Finance class today , have another on wed , and 1st exam a week from tonight .. love summer classes ! Oh , and I'm actually starting to feel like I'm learning something .. sweet . 
Hopes she can write fast enough for this class 
Bring on the 3 day weekend 
Pass-a-grille this afternoon , Waterin Trough tonight . Love my weekends ! 
Was supposed to rescue a 42 chrysler today , but some dude in Indiana put 300 bucks down on it to pick it up in july ... 
My neighbors really need to get better internet or a better wireless router , it's really slow tonight ... 
misses that boy 
Should not be studying for her finance exam at 1:40 am . Wanna learn about CAPM and how to calculate future cash flows from current market puchases of stocks or bonds ? I really don't at the moment . 
Slight downside of living in Fl , there is allllllllways sand on my tile floors . Always . 
is so freaking excited that her car insurance just dropped from $450 every 6 months to $245 
Less than 24 hours until the boy comes home !!! 
Fishin ' 
Happy Father's Day to my dad who , many of you can attest , is the absolute best dad on the face of the planet alive or dead ! 
Hey d-bag , the purpose of headphones is so that I don't have to listen to your crappy music . Congratulations , green day has sucked for years . 
:/ 
Happy birthday to my < PROPFIRST > , best best friend of 20 yrs ! 
Packing for Wisconsin ! 
Doing the up north thing and really not wanting Wednesday to come :( 
In chicago because my flight was delayed ! 
Sailing lessons ! 
Getting ready for my exam tomorrow and then sailing at 3 
Crossing my fingers on this finance exam ... 
can't wait to go sailing this weekend . 
So very frustrated right now . 
Beach then sailing later . 
At least I had a good day out on the water . 
Really wants to go to the Tigers game tomorrow or Thursday .... 
sooooo in the market for a mini fridge 
Downtown for first fridays ! 
is pumped for the peach festival ! I'll be home in 3 1/2 weeks ! 
I need to hurry up on the saving for a sailboat 
loves her boy . 
Has to go home from St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . I really like it here :( 
Soooo .... what was YOUR first cd ? 
wishes she could stop worrying all the time . 
I'll be home on Wednesday !!!!! 
Is not really very excited at all about being back in fl .... 
Sailing !!! 
Lovin me some packers !!!.. and the boy ! 
this is not why I moved to Florida . Big changes are coming ! 
Better keep your eye on me , I'll go coastal on you . 
Playing with my g2 ! 
No < PROPFEMALE > for marketing class tonight :( 
is very hopeful right now .. 
Is so thankful for my dad in my everyday life . I would be such a different person if he hadn't been my best friend .... 
Having a bit of a cockroach/palmetto bug problem at work :( 
loves my St. < PROPFIRST > weekends with the best boy ever 
Have I ever mentioned that red is my favorite color ? It's turning out to be a beautiful night ... 
Really Florida ? What's this 55 degree stuff ? Not cool . 
I love being a Packers fan .... 
my < PROPFIRST > has earned $48 dollars in 2 months of interest . Sweet ! 
I just won $100 on a $2 scratch off ! 
is thinking about doing St. Baldricks ... :o 
Thank you to our military , past and present , especially my boy , my dad , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
The weekend can't be over yet ! :( 
worst/best procrastinator ever ! 
I think I need to go to bed :/ 
Crazy floridians , having thanksgiving outside . Happy turkey day all ! 
I'm thankful for my awesome , though insane , family both biological and selected . I don't see enough of everyone as much as I'd like . I am also thankful for the amazing boy that I get to call mine , because guys like him are one in ten million . Oh and also the job/roof over my head/food stuff too .. 
Waterin trough 
Pretty dang excited about life in general right now ! 
\We're just like you .... only prettier \"" 
Lemme got those digits girrrrrlll ... or boy ? 
777- I'm pretty sure you had a < PROPMALE > role in me flunking math classes all through high school . You still have a great sense of humor and I appreciate your distaste for the general public . 
7-You're an extremely intelligent and beautiful girl which was part of the reason the circumstances made me so angry . You're going to find someone who is going to blow your mind in an amzing way because you deserve nothing less . 
411- You're one of the few people from Disney I still talk to . You were fun then and are still now and you better be putting that florida road trip in the works ! 
10342-Oh man , where to begin . I was so blessed to have you as a roommate when there were literally hundreds of people out there . Between adventure wednesdays , amigo's , and F'Real shakes who knows where to begin . We don't get to talk as much as I would prefer but strangely enough , I know that if I were to text you you'd reply asap . Especially if i needed someone cut . With ginsu knives . 
Thank you everyone for the bday wishes . I'm now officially closer to 30 than 20 . Awesome . 
So tired of this 
Friday ? 
Just be yourself .. it doesn't matter if it's good enough , for someone else 
Looks like its a kinect christmas :) 
Oh my gosh , < PROPFEMALE > is 36 .. I feel old . 
It is flippin GORGEOUS outside ! What a beautiful day to end the year with !! 
Yay ! Go Pack go ! 
Nothing like rollerskating to remind you how out of shape you are .... :) 
Go packers ! 
Man I wanna go snowboarding right now ... 
Lovin ' this game ! 
Awesome ! 
Thoughts and prayers with the friends and families of the officers today . 
Hard to get to school when there are tornado warnings and the streets are flooded ... 
Friday night wake . Not the best start to a weekend . Love and miss you < PROPMALE > . 
Rough night ..... But happy birthday sister-in-law ! 
I effing LOVE my team ! 
Go pack go !!! 
Day one at the gym . Feels a lot better than day 2 is going to ... 
Just got 4th if july week off ! 
96 on stats exam ! 
