( Revise ) Got a new job ! I'm now a bartender at the Redheaded Step-Child bar otherwise known as Hornbacks . :) 

6 hrs of sleep then work do not work well together .... come on 9 o'clock 
Has aching feet and calfs ... :( 
Had a great night at work !! 
:) Wgat a Great Day !!!! 
About to make a big change 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > !! 
College Station is layed out so much better than < PROPFIRST > . 
Drinking the night way ... :D 
Workin out !! 
I tried a new machine at the gym now my ass is killing me ... :( 
Can't sleep .... :( 
Is out on the town and about to head to Halo for a Drag Show !!! 
Omg I had such an AWESOME time last .... I'm\ 
still kind feelin it :) 
Is about to let the bitch out 
Sometimes remembering the past hurts ... There are very few things I would change in my past , but losing important people to me hurts , even after all these years ... 
< PROPMALE > Potter marathon anyone ?? 
Ugh why does it have to be so bright :( that well teach me to get up this early 
Sleep is for the weak ... 
I dreamed about u last night ... it made me miss u . But you were still the same conceited asshole you've turned into . 
Sun + 7 hrs at Schlitterbahn = Lobster People 
I've got to go to work but I feel like I'm dying :( stupid sun .... 
First I was a lobster now I'm a snake :( stupid sun 
One fight down .... 
Bout to head to Halo around 9 , drag show tonight , hit me up if u wanna join !!! 
I'm up $500 at the Casino !! 
I came with nothin but clothes , was given $400 to play with , total amount I'm walkin away with is $894 and a shi t-t on of change . Favorite moment : trying not to drown in the jacuzzi tub that came up to my shoulders while I sat in it . :D 
What < PROPMALE > of night is it ? Black-out drunk so u don't remember the day 
Just gonna stand there watch me burn\ 
But that’s alright because I like the way it hurts !!!! 
Go Aggies !! 
I love me some guys in jeans and cowboy boots !! 
Just got done w/ yoga ! I haven't sweated so much indoors in forever 
Fuego !! 
College town + baby shower = baby bottle beer chugging 
Come get some some free cupcakes at Hornback's and watch the game !!! 
I HATE getting lost . Turn at the 3rd light w/ the red house is bull$hit !!! 
6 days till I'm 22 !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! :D 
I think I'm dying ... fml 
I know I'm in-love cause I miss and want what I already have . This goes out to you baby !! 
I GOT IN !!! Whoop !!! 
Mmmm .... I love cold weather !! 
We're moving tomorrow !!! 
The dust bunnies are trying to kill me !! 
Doin the round-about on A&M . :/ 
GO AGGIES ! 
Just three classes worth of books : $780 !! I still have one more class !! Can I borrow a twenty from everyone .... :( 
