is laughing at all the people with hangovers today . Martinelli's sparkling apple cider FTW . Oh , but does that mean I'm not allowed to watch The Hangover today ? Poo . :( 

Oh , < PROPFIRST > Dawson . You do make me smile . Too bad you're nearly ten years older than me . :( 
Is testing out her new facebook < PROPFEMALE > . =P 
is watching Myth Busters with her very asleep mom . Isn't her life exciting ? 
is fighting a < PROPMALE > case of the hiccups . 
spent the afternoon watching Little Einstiens with one of the coolest little girls she's ever met . 
just set off her own house's alarm system . URGGGG . 
is enjoying not partaking in the apocalypse , also known as the ' Battle of the Valley ' . Go individuality . 
Rain makes me ... 1 . Lethargic 2 . want to read 3 . calm 4 . unwilling to do my homework 5 . sleepy 6 . happy . :) What about you ? 
just finished < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins ' book , Identical . If you like the English language and haven't heard of her , shame on you- get to books store , help out our economy . You gotta jump on this book before it becomes the next Twilight . Thought her other books were trippy ? Just wait . This book keeps you interested , disgusted , in awe to the end , where it dumps you on your ass with your head spinning . Trust me- you'll love it . 
is eating steak . Jealous ? 
just went on a run and now has an upset stomach . =( 
is wondering why she is still awake . 
is going to the beach . =D 
is procrastinating . FTW ? 
just went to the fridge for the third time , rummaged around for something to eat once again for the third time , and the concluded that there is nothing good to eat for ...? You guessed it . The third time . 
is majorly stressed . Would be aprectiated if someone held a pity party , cause I need one . 
just got her hair cut . Very petty . =D 
Ima Boombel Beeeee . =D 
is officially excluding herself from interaction with the male species . Period . 
is confused . Is conusing , mefinks . Oh well . 
My phone is most definitely hiding . Or I have finally actually lost it . I've never been much of an optimist . 
is in a good mood . And is wide awake . And is smiling waaay too much while writing this . 
just got back from Jazz Choir rehersal . I'm pumped . There's a real < PROPMALE > I get a solo in a sappy love song with my Jewbro . Sooooo good . Picture it : Jacon Carmack and I singing to each other in front of hundreds of people ...? Gonna be amazing . 
Nighty-Night . I'm trying out this new thing where I go to sleep at a decent time . 
had a dream about finding her phone . It would appear my subconsious is looking for it , too . 
Guess who found her phone ?... After it went through the wash . 
My phone is in ICU . I will keep you all updated with recovery . =D 
My phone still works !!! Huzzah ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Rebellion = epic fail . 
wants band names that have female lead singers and an original sound . Help ? 
I just want to anounce , world , that < PROPFEMALE > Henderson and I are running away together . It's been fun hiding our secret love away from you all , but she's been pushing for marriage ... my baby gets what she wants . You probably won't hear from us again , but Don't cry . Chill harder . :) 
was just reffered to as a ' saucy wench ' . First time for everything ? 
has soap in her eyes . :( 
My brother's home . Everybody say ' hi , brother ' . :) 
Mmmmm ... don't we just LOVE hypocrisy ? 
I love House , MD . Good night , world ! 
And I was so convinced I was above average teenaged drama . Looks like I know less about myself than I thought . 
Good music is chicken soup for the soul . Listen to the Foo Fighters with me ? 
Dear world : being sad is overrated . Anger is what it's all about . 
Homework day . No fun day . Dislike , dislke , dislike . 
Photoshop frustrates me . YES , I entered in the right Serial number . You just don't like me enough to work !! 
Two minutes ago : ETA is 10 minutes . Now : ETA is an hour . >.< Grrrrr ... 
deleted the text messages . Moving on is for winners . 
Deep breaths . Five hours of rehearsal to come . If you here about a massacre on the news occurring at Canyon Middle School , you know where to point fingers . 
Bad , bad , bad morning . So , my carpool's car broke down , and that means walking to school and being a little late with a pass . No big deal , right ? Except I fall on the way there . Hard . Half of my knee is covered with a rasberry , and that meant being even later to my first period : PE . I rush to put my backback in my locker , and it JAMS . Greeeeaaat . Someone out there is laughing their ass off at me . 
has a booboo . 
First bit of free time in three days . As in , a moment that's longer than the time alotted to post something and run out the door . Remind me what I used to do with this time ? 
PLACE TO BE TOMORROW NIGHT : Canyon Middle school ( D-11 ) , 7:00 o'clock , ' Everything I Ever Wanted ' . I will be having a mental breakdown/sob session on stage . Come seeeee it . Give me a hug after the show if you're there because of this post . :) 
Come to the show . Come to the show . You will like it . I promise . :) Oh , and guess who didn't completely fail at her geometry test ? < PROPFEMALE > did . 
Play was great . I'm still running on post-show adrenaline(sp ? ) . Going to cast party ... In an amazing mood . :) 
Back from the cast party . Oh , isn't it fun being hit on by a bunch of sixth graders ? They're all cute , but no , I don't have any classes with you . That's because you're ten . 
is skipping out on her volunteer shift . I just wish I had something equally rebel-like to do instead . Sleeping sounds slightly sad . 
figured out what to do today . < PROPMALE > session . :) I already know what sketch I'm doing : http://media.photobucket.com/image/model/shyjonesmodel/MODEL.jpg?o=7 . Isn't she funny ? 
After 4+ hours of putsing around doing not much of anything , I have about three fingers of my ' model''s hand done . Such is the life of an artist . :) 
Ah , Twilight series ... I think I see a glimmer of hope for your quality , and then you slam me with the acting skills of < PROPFIRST > Pattinson . What a SHAME . 
Good morning , world . Today : more < PROPMALE > , more homework , more putsing , and jew school . Not a bad day , overall . :) 
loves Sholani Macaddan . And < PROPFEMALE > Henderson . And House , MD . Jeeze , I really need to limit my love affairs , don't I ? 
is seriously missing the < PROPFEMALE > of the Supermarket . :( 
Another performance tonight , although this one isn't as important . Winter concert with Jazz Choir . Alas , no solo this time , but that's cause there wasn't a song with one . Next time , my darlings . :) 
had fun at the choir performance . Allah < PROPFIRST > , I love you and your clumsiness . Made my day . :) 
thinks someone should come over and feed me . Know how to boil water ? You're invited . :) 
thinks hot showers are quite possibly the most amazing thing imaginable . You know what's not ? How cold you are afterwards . D: 
The weather outside is frightful , but inside it's so delightful .. what ?! Jews can like Christmas jingles too !! 
Hello , bombshell !! ( That one was for < PROPFEMALE > and for the awkwardness of changing backstage during ' Everything I Ever Wanted ' . ) :) 
The law is for shmuks . Except for that whole , you know , justice system thing ... yeah ... maybe not . :) 
Story of the day : I recontly bought some really nice boots that I knew were water damage suscepitble . My brain was apparently turned off this morning because I decided wearing them was a good idea . I ended up walking around half a mile of rough path to where I get picked up with broken glass all over it in my socks while it was raining . But my boots survived ! :D 
You know , most of the time I love my mom . But there are a few days here and there when she gets pissy and mean for no reason , and it makes me want to do something very much like a teenage rebellion . 
is at the Oakland Zoo today until four for a volunteer shift . Come say hi . I won't bite , but I can't promise anything for the animals . :) 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday party . Can I be proud of the fact I was the only one who didn't fart the entire party ? I think not . 
has a big ass spider about two feet away from her head . Helpppp ? 
misses her grandma . I have quite possibly the greatest grandma ever . She makes me laugh . Too bad we have a country in between us . Oh , and is it sad that I have a status about my grandma ? 
Oy , jeeze . Don't do that . I'm really , really done . 
Cops is so legit . I don't ever want to go to jail , but if I have to , I want to be featured . Can someone make that happen for me ? Thanks . :) 
loves you . :) 
didn't realize it was kahlua until her head started hurting . Who knew I couldn't tell if I was drinking alchohol ? Frat boys are gonna have such fun spiking my drinks . :S 
is considering skipping school tomorrow . How pissed off would Mrs. Stiedel be if a Jazz Choir kid didn't show up to the assembly ? 
Does anyone know what time the first half of the assembly ends ? 
Rix Linayao is my HERO . Best dance routine ever . Worth going to school for the first two hours . Oh , and isn't it a bit of an oxymoron to be a 4.0 student while skipping school ? I think so . :) 
is working on a gift for the mother . Petty flower . :) I'll make sure to post it when I'm done . 
is coverred in paint and finished . Three hours of work , water color pencils . I really like it . I'll post it when it's dry ! 
Ahhh ! Hawaii in two days . Who's coming with me stowed away in my luggage ? 
is watching the Hangover . 
The human subconsious is a very interesting thing . I was having a drean sometime this morning about taking an essay test in history . My brain , or the part of it that makes decisions when I'm not consious , decided waking up was better than staying asleep and watching . Cool , huh ? 
Uh oh . I'm painting again ! And I still have packing to do . Someone stop me ! :O 
is going to Hawaii !! Why else would I be up at this hour ? Talk to you ckickas later ! :) 
Is a sea turtle stalker . Hawaii is AMAZING . I wish you were all here to snorkel with me . Oh , and cranky middle-age Asian men do not make for good condo partners . 
saw Air Force One today . MR . PRESIDENT OBAMA IS IN THE HOOD . 
Hawaiians of the male variety are INDEED a win . I do love this place . :) 
is back from Hawaii . I miss it already . I want to live there for ever and ever and ever and ever . Childish ? Eh . Maybe . But then again , hey , nice to meet you , my name's < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
has been having quite possibly the strangest dreams of my life as of late . < PROPMALE > Sears , < PROPFEMALE > Lushington and < PROPFEMALE > Ippolito have all made very odd appearances . Random , yes . Entertaining , most definitely . :) 
found her history book under two weeks worth of dirty dishes , wrappers and the other random crap that ifnds its way onto my desk . Do you know how much I would like to have another two week layer added ? Probably , cause you're all going back to school like I am . D: 
misses people . A little sad today . No brother ( yes , I miss his obnoxious self ) , no Hawaiian weather , less free time , and no quality TV . :( 
Toooooo much work from Mrs. Hansen . Agree ? Like it . 
wants that solo soooo bad she can taste it . 
is going to the mall with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , also known as my queer of choice . Love you , < PROPMALE > ! :) 
spend the day at the zoo .. mandatory meetings = poop . :( 
' s atom looks like someone threw up red vines and cashews all over it , but hey , it's done . :) 
can't remember the last time she saw herself without makeup and jewelery and all the things that define her . Kind of sobering to see it all gone . I'm still trying to figure out if I like what I see . 
is a COMPLETE IDIOT . I started boiling water to make some pasta over an hour ago . I then proceeded to forget about it . Cut to five minutes ago , I notice my windows are starting to steam up . FML . 
chilled at Peidmont Avenue for a few hours with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Henderson , now having dinner with the fambam plus them two . :) 
WANTS A SHOPPING < PROPMALE > . Interested and free anytime the next two days ? Hook me up , buttercup . :) 
made coffee banana bread . Want some ? 
went back to the mall today . VS's wasn't the same with out you , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , but atleast I had enough cash to buy something this time . :) 
< PROPMALE > with Henderdaughter ( HA ) tonight . Henderdaughter , you better comment . Otherwise I will feel stupid . :( 
is lovin her some mango salsa . So , how about that weather ? :) 
mkay , that's the third time someone's commented on my boobs today . Can I shoot someone now ? No ? Okay . 
wishes the weather would JUST DECIDE . 
< PROPFIRST > Gonzales , you are in my thoughts . Feel better soon . There are plenty of people here for you . 
Middle school dances = ridiculous . For those of you who are cool like me and stayed home , good for you . For those that will find this on an hour and a half ,.. get you're hormones in check and find something better to do . 
Makin some cookies with < PROPFEMALE > Ippolito in an hour . NOM NOM NOM 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s place . Next up : Jew school . I love you , Jew friends . :) 
So , does anyone else hate it when everyone is available on chat except the ONE person you want to talk to ? I would say FML , but I think it's a little extreme in this case . 
ALL OF YOU ASK ME THINGS http://www.formspring.me/mira32196 
COOKIE COOKIE COOKIE STARTS WITH ,... what was it again ? Oh right . C . :) 
loves the fact that Obama's making tons of old stuffy people laugh in a super serious speech ( re : State of the Union Adress ) . I only know about around half of the stuff he's talking about , but hey , I'm trying . :) 
needs to stop joining everything she sees . Can you , world , help me in this by not making such clever little snippets as titles that I cannot resist ? Thanks . I apreciate it . 
is seeing Rent tonight . You all should BE THERE . Actually , who is gonna be there ? I'll feel like a dweeb if I have to < PROPFEMALE > out with my parents the entire thing . 
Unhealthy . Unhealthy . You know when you can tell something is alllllll wrong and it's never gonna work and it's never gonna happen and you want it so bad ? Self destruction in action . Can't stop now , though . Wish me luck ? 
wants to tip her head sideways and watch these thoughts fall . I think I finally understand why people do drugs . I'm not interested , but a break from reality when reality isn't great is a nice thought . Oh well . 
is trying to get stuff done and failing . Text me , perhaps ? 510-882-3734 
spent the night on The Hornet . 
is doing her iSearch on the history and legalization of marijuana . :) 
There's someone in my head but it's not me . 
Doppleganger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous you've been told you look like . After you post the picture , copy this into your status 
needs a clear mind and a more in depth view at the same time . Yay for self conflict ? 
talked about several good things with several good people last night . * GASP * Could life finally be righting itself again ? :) 
My grandma and your grandma sittin by the fire . My grandma said to your grandma I'm gonna set your flag on fire . 
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way . The time is gone . the song is over . Thought I'd something more to say . -My thoughts at this time more often than not . Can someone please shut off my brain so I can sleep ? 
is now set up with voice lessons with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Who else works with her ? Other than you creeksiders . :) 
thinks that middle school is for people who can tollerate ignorance . Oh wait , that's what society's for . Grrrrr high school , come faster , please . 
won the SOS essay contest ( eighth grade ) BIIAAAAAATCH 
WANTS TO CHILL WITH YOU TONIGHT . Text me , por favor ? Even if we don't usually talk . Especially if we don't really talk . 
Goodbye to sleep . I think this staying up is exactly what I need . Well take apart your head . Take apart the counting , and the flock it has bred . ( Maybe the reason I have been screwed in the head lately is because of this music I listen to ( damn rock and roll screwin up the youths (???))) 
is CHOOSING to be happy today . 
is officially , full out sick . Love you too , world . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christabel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is coming over to entertain < PROPFEMALE > the sickie . Thank god , cause I have abslolutely noooothing to do . 
did NOT want to see the video of the sledding accident with the olympics . ( erase , please ? ) 
has finally , honestly stopped caring what people think . 
First voice lesson with Ms. < PROPFIRST > tonight . She's hella nice . And her cat is a beast . 
True love can be whishpered from heart to heart , when lovers are parted they say . But I must depend on a wish and a < PROPFEMALE > , as long as my heart doesn't know who you are .... Goodnight , my someone , goodnight . 
is celebrating Chinese New Year a week too late at a party with < PROPFEMALE > Henderson and < PROPMALE > Carmack ( WHO IS PERFORMING IN A SHOW AS WELL !!! ) . 
is writing . It helps with thinking . It also makes me very very sad . But that's just life . 
went 11 hours without power last night . 
I am repeating this status because no one helpful ... well .. helped . I wants to know who I want as far as teachers for freshman year . THIS INCLUDES advanced science , algebra 2 , PE , and French . 
has given up . I am , officially , a tea person . 
Chimp+piece of rope wrapped around chimp's body = beginning of fashion . 
seeing < PROPFEMALE > in Won-deaf-land in a few . Except I'm not ready and I'm leaving in five minutes . Ha . :) 
had choir this morning , choir this afternoon , vocal rehearsal with Sholani Macadaan a little later and coming up , a singing lesson . Voice tired much ? I think so . 
just found out her parents are not helping with paying for a car at all , despite good grades/jobs/what not . Yeah . Not so good . 
Psssst .... guess who found her graduation dress ? < PROPFEMALE > did . :) 
* generic I-Search sucks status * 
just logged onto facebook to find that 209 people want to be my friend . Is someone playing a trick on me ? 
needs new music . What say you ? 
hasn't drawn in over a month , and oh , it shows . But at least it's still fun . 
for best singer ? I thinks so . If you do too , you should vote . :) 
Nitin : \You suck . \ " Me : \ " You suck for money . \ " Nitin : \ " You suck for free . \ " Dear Nitin Bajaj : you win ... for now . " 
Jazz Choir poop in fifteen minutes . We gotta impress them fifth grade kidies . 
Drama dorks are the very best people out there . No joke . 
Mummy's pissed . Wruh Wroh . 
is going to Top Thai with the father because his fancy suffle(sp ? ) didn't come out well . Hahahaha . Life is not all bad . :) 
Dear high school , come now please ??? Thanks a bunch , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tryout for pops poop tomorrow . Wish me luck and stuff ? Given my accompaniment actually decides to work . :3 
had a salad for a snack instead of the See's Candies that were calling her name . I am slightly ( extremely ) unhappy with this decision . 
' s brother is home . Makes for good conversation and cramped living conditions . Eh . I'll make the trade four times a year . :) 
Thankie for the birthday wishes ! It was a nice day . My brother is from now on referring to me as a some-teen . Ha-ha , < PROPMALE > . Ha-ha . 
you know , sometimes life has a lot of stuff going on outside of school . And sometimes not . This is one of those ' not ' times . Boo . 
has fallen back in love with Bloons . CLASSIC . 
is learning how to sew . You can catch me on Project Runway . 
' s papa is in Saudi Arabia . Great place for a jew , right ? 
is still amazed daily by middle school students . I'm just seriously thankful that there are also people in my age group that actually care about others . They keep me sane . 
.... and WHY am I up ?? 
went to the gym with her momma . 2.5 < PROPMALE > on the treadmill and an hour of arm/ab reps , and I'm thinking I'll be hurtin tomorrow . :) 
absolutely adores getting emails about meeting ' lovely Russian Women ' . 
starts her first real day of work tomorrow . Assistant for hugely succesful and brilliant physicist , anyone ? I think so . :) 
I'm at work and on facebook . What is wrong with this picture ? Oh . Right . I haven't actually been asked to DO anything . Hope I still get paid . 
is considering making a procrastination song . Eh . I'll do it tomorrow . 
IQ of 138 , according to semi-professional online test . do I believe it ? Debatable . 
Worst head ache I've had in years . Fever . School tomorrow ? We'll see . 
is finally feeling better . Migraines : looks like I have them . Yipee ? 
... sleep is overrated , anyway . 
Going to midrasha tonight for the first time in foreverrrr . I missed my jew friends there . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > ... summer vacation , anyone ? 
things I have eaten today : chinese takeout leftovers , frozen pizza , ice cream with fudge . Am I an American yet ? 
doesn't it kinda suck when a friend's parents don't like you ? Super bummer , and I feel terrible about the effects it causes for my friend . :( 
science bowl today . Science nerds FTW . 
dislikes the fact that clams are invertibrates . 
is there ever a time that I DO feel 100% ? Not that I can remember . 
... might start modeling ? :) 
home sick . I hate my immune system . 
is going to Irvine tomorrow . Brother+beach+shopping+good food+nice weather+a change in pace = a good time ? :) 
What what ? No more theater ? No . This cannot be . 
is choosing to believe she can fully rectify years of bad diet by eating carrots for a snack . 
is wishing for a change . Summer , mayhaps ? 
is reading an intense and old zombie book . BUGGING OUT . It's crazy . 
Maaaallllllllllllll today . Who wants to go with me so we can people watch ? 
is going PP tomorrow !!! :)))))) 
enjoys spreading the love with this status mess . Even though it's a chain , I'll excuse it just this once . So , if you like this status , I'll be sure to leave you a compliment or a memory or whatever . 
feels a little excluded , but hey , that's life , right ? 
math final time limit = death . 
enjoys not going to the dance . Seriously ? It's an excuse to bump and grind just because you feel like you can cause you're now a ' young adult ' . Sorry to rain on your parade , but I'll pass . 
so , my brother is home for the first time in months , and the first thing he does is walk into my bedroom and t-bag me . Oh , the joys of siblings . 
loves her some Sweeny < PROPMALE > . 
Can we just skip the whole wait two hours in the sun just to hear your name called and get to freetime and friends and sun ? That's where I want to be . 
It's kind of amazing just how terrible some people are and just how little they care . 
You know , it might have taken me fourteen years to realize it , but siblings are not ALL bad . :) 
is going on a boat . 
is actually a little afraid . Wish me luck ? I hope I don't need it . 
Turns out I'm just abnormal . Yayy . :] 
ALWAYS pleasant to be in bed and find a spider on your leg . :S 
doing the boulevard with < PROPFEMALE > Henderson at some point today . Want to meet us there ? :] 
To eat at my house : homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese , salad , watermelonade . Want to eat dinner with me ? :] 
screaming Brand New lyrics with < PROPFEMALE > Christabel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > = ultamite fun . :] 
is drawing again . It feels ridiculously good . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > later tonight ... gonna chill with my choir nerds . :] 
loves seeing little girl's profiles saying they were born in 1994 when they have their high school graduation year listed as 2016 . If you're gonna lie about your age , you might as well do it consistently . 
Even though I'm an angsty teenager and , therefore , must hate my parents on principal , sometimes there isn't much better in the world than my father , a park , and a couple of steaks . :] 
Do you ever get the feeling that the more you put into a relationsip or friendship , the less you get out of it ? 
has strange dreams . 
has felt a little antisocial this past week . In a bit of a funk , take me out of it ? Let's do something tomorrow . 
Hair cut . I don't notice a difference , but hey . 
Urrrgnnnhhhh ... too ...... early . 
Ouch . 
You stole . From the cradles they were rocked in . You took the first words that they spoke ... yeah , you stole . 
Well , hey , making an idiot out of myself isn't anything new , so I'm gonna say that went pretty well . :] 
Relay for life . :] 
Fiiiirst day at Spindrift . It's a really young group , but that means less crappy competitive juju to deal with . I can already tell it's gonna be a great show . :] 
... not gonna lie , today wasn't great . I have two options : totally let it get to me , probably let it ruin the rest of this experience . Or , try to do my best with the hand I was dealt and be satisfied with that . Or really , just say ' screw it ' and quit . I'm not sure which road I'm gonna take . 
Everyone thinks they know best , when really all anyone knows is how to make noise . I feel like I should tape my mouth shut . 
Sorry to burst your bubble , but I don't think posting a chain status is going to prove your ' love to god ' . 
No Harm , No Foul was vedy vedy good . I partied on < PROPMALE > Lushington's roof . Good night . :] 
Wow . Nothing like starting your morning by fainting . So , guess who's not going to rehearsal ? 
Mexican Coca-Cola . ? 
I owe < PROPFEMALE > Saylor and her dogballhands the winning lottery < PROPFIRST > . Seriously , < PROPFEMALE > . I don't know what would have happen without you . 
And so it continues . 
thinks you should see Seussical the Musical this Friday or Saturday night . I will be shaking my butt . Repeatedly . Isn't that enough reason ? 
Naps are for people just getting out of rehearsals . :] 
Screw 42 , homemade chocolate frosting still warm out of the pan = the meaning of life . :] 
is leaving for opening night of Seussical the Musical soon . Come support me ? 7 o'clock tonight , 2 tomorrow . I'd love to see you . 
I like punching myself in the face repeatedly until i can't feel it any more . Then i laugh until i pass out 
Sooo , I was hoping vacation would take my mind of of things . Has it ? No . It's just given me more time to think . Greaaat . 
The opposite of war is not peace ; it's creation . 
Horse back riding is for people with much stronger legs . Oouwwwch . Still great to be back on a horse after a year and a half . 
Plane ride . 
dreamt that her mom forced her to become a nun . New Jewish practice , methinks ? :D 
Heeere we go , \ 
0 vocal ensemble , Susoeff\ 
1 english , Paris\ 
2 CCG , Whitaker\ 
3 Honors bio Patrick\ 
4 < PROPMALE > , Klews\ 
5 Munch a bunch at lunch\ 
6 PE Iglesias\ 
7 Algebra 2 adv ., Mitchell\ 
Please , please , pleeease , even if we don't talk that much , let me know if we have a class together . I'm starting to feel like a loner . 
my computer has a bug and is freeeaking out , but I'm too cheap to buy anything to fix the problem . Does anyone have any free alternatives ? 
How I wish you were here . We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year . 
Good luck , my fellow freshmen , and I'll meet you at the finish line . ? 
.... so all the high school hype led up to THAT ?... kind of a let down . 
< PROPMALE > often sounds like english + a healthy dose of alcohol ... I'm thinking this is no coincidence . 
Creepy men playing jazz and talking about their sex life = a nice weekend in SF . :] 
On my own , pretending he's beside me . ( I love < PROPMALE > Miserables . ) 
.. why did I feel the need to like a million stupid pages a year ago and leave present me to painstakingly remove them one at a time ? 
Dirty Dancing . ? 
Dear guys at CVHS : could you please not spit everywhere all over campus so that the rest of us have to play Minesweeper : lugi edition ? Gee , thanks . 
Oakland Zoo calls . I'd absolutely love to see someone there . Surprise me ? 
is shuperly duperly excited for Improv this year . :] 
I'm so classy , I put a plastic bag in my lap as a napkin as I eat Safeway chinese food . 
Ugabugah . ( I picked this up from Frau . ) :] 
One year ago today , I joined this time sucking jerk of a < PROPFEMALE > called Facebook . Here's to 365 days and 364 wasted . :] 
Just remember to always give yourself an out . You don't know how much your future self appreciates it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Saylor and Lenee Madera owe me a cookie . Jerks . 
.. who in the right mind thinks walking up to a girl you barley know , putting your arm around her and referring to her as \my sexiness\ " is cool ? Honestly . WAY creepy . " 
Does anybody else absolutely hate crying in front of other people ? 
Boo at the Zoo is amazingly cute . You should come visit < PROPFEMALE > and see all the kiddies in their costumes . :] 
I refuse to admit that I'm too old to trick or treat . Ahthankyou . 
I would write a status about how annoying it is to have a million statuses about the Giants clogging up my newsfeed , but that would be adding to the problem . Oh wait ... 
is worried for him . 
My grandma is coming to visit . Best thing ever . :] 
Word to the wise : if you think you're going to get hurt , chances are , you are . 
Tired in more ways than one . 
I have the most uncanny ability to write something down and not absorb it at all . 
... why , Mr. < PROPFIRST > ? Why would you assign a project due on the day of the < PROPMALE > Potter premiere ? Do you hate us ? Did we do something to hurt you ? I don't understand . </3 
HP 7 with some of my favorite people . Anyone else going to the 6:45 @ Chabot ? 
I will not be eating until 7 o'clock this evening . I barely ate last night . Why ? IT'S FREAKING THANKSGIVING . ? 
I am so different than I was a year ago , and even more so than the year before that . It's kind of psyching me out . 
Sad . Legitimately . I wish things could stabilize for a change . 
Really , really , really unfun end to an otherwise really , really , really nice night . 
I ? free technology . Thank you , < PROPMALE > Muhlfelder , for the iTouch . Even if it is scratched up and first gen . :] 
< PROPFEMALE > , so I'll admit it ... I'm becoming one of those people who are absolutely OBSESSED with Lost . ? 
is hiding from the testosterone invasion upon her house , known as a < PROPFEMALE > party . The joys of being a sibling . 
Just stay with me . I promise . I'll try . 
I have been home alone all day and just realized it 5 minutes ago . I am a master of observation . 
.. remind me not to stay up till 3 in the morning when I have stuff to do the next day . 
Bored , conflicted , annoyed and frustrated , all at the same time . 
... I don't know how this happened , but I have no one to do new years with . Wow I'm lame . Anyone want to adopt me tonight ? 
I like when you see something on your wall or whatever and then facebook sends you a notification for it 5 minutes later . Well , aren't you proud of yourself , FB ? 
People need to figure out how to give/take a compliment . It's time for a chain reaction . Spread it . 
I hate people . 
.. sorry , but there's no way I'm staying up past 11 to make a wish . I like sleep better than pointless cultural nuances . 
My house very nearly caught on fire this afternoon ,... close calls , anyone ? 
I love little kids . So much . 
Facebook off . TV off . Phone off . Life off . Hello finals . 
Dear world : I am now officially freaking out over finals . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . >.< 
Being at the emergency room is not exactly how I imagined I'd spend my day today . 
I hate people who say they hate drama , cause 90% of the time it isn't true . In all honesty , I'd rather put energy toward something productive than spend time worrying about another person . This isn't a cover , it's just the truth . 
Pops . Has . Eaten . My . Life . 
400 hundred friends on facebook . Am I cool yet ?... no ? Okay . 
I hate my immune system . ANY TIME , seriously any time , there's a bug going around , I catch it . Full on . 
It's funny ; the things I find myself living for are the things I will never be able to predict . There is no reason or rhyme to what makes a person tick . 
is getting on a red eye in t-minus two and a half hours . Goodbye California , hello , Philadelphia . :] 
I'm forever blowing ... bubbles , pretty bubbles ... in the air . 
has been reading her honors bio text book aloud to herself for the past three hours . Sadly , the family member most concerned about this is my dog . 
WHY DO ANTS LOVE ME ? 
I find it kind of ridiculous we celebrate a person's birth and not their mother's hard work . She's the one who went through hours of discomfort . You just ... cried . HOW IS THAT A FAIR DEAL ? 
Thanks for the massive wave of birthday spam . It was a pretty good day . :] 
is definitely NOT bi . I just happen to have an extremely immature brother . Also , Marley and Me > sexuality jokes . /end rant 
I love spring so hard it hurts . 
How to : do bio project : 1 . Plan to do 50-75% of the work two nights before it's due . 2 . lose power for four hours on that day . 3 . Freak . 4 . Stay up all night working on it with the help of caffeine and good ol ' dubstep . 
Confused . 
