got woke up by incoming mortors today . Thought it was some douche making crazy noises while working out ( cause they do that a lot and I live in the Gym ) so I rolled back over and went to sleep . 

woke up and realized that his life was like the movie groundhog day only in Iraq . 
really wants to sleep but can not stop watching episodes of \How I Met Your Mother . \"" 
thought the rainy season was over ! 
Well today was by far the best day in Iraq EVER !!!! I got some mail and some awesome fucking news . 
One day later and the Army is already threatening to piss all over my parade ...... figures . 
is installing Mass Effect II 
is looking forward to a week with no lights or A/C 
is watching youtube videos of people's reactions to the now infamous 2 girls 1 cup 
going to buda-pest today , dutch girl owes me 10 euro's 
in buda-pest ......... food is still good and women are still smoking hot but it's cheaper and a bit more americanized methinks 
Beware of Gypsies !!!! 
well we have to call it an early night , over-budget and having to get up too fucking early to do anything tonight . Hopefully the hydrofoil ride back to vienna will be worthwhile ...... GOD DAMN IT I JUST WANT TO STAY HERE !!!! To all my fellow soldiers , if you vacation in Europe , COME HERE FIRST !!!!! 
is watching skid row videos on youtube . 
Best part about this Bday was the fact that it will be the last one the army gets to take from me . 
\A lie is just a great story that someone ruined with the truth . \ " < PROPMALE > Stinson " 
I have tasted freedom ...... and it is good ! 
still get's anxious around ethnics despite praying for more racial understanding in his prayer circle . 
hates all things apple 
is switching to skype 
This is to all the Dublin residents I debated in Amsterdam . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > population = appr . 6.2 million\ 
Americans claiming < PROPFEMALE > ancestry = appr . 36.3 million\ 
Feel free to marginalize us and lump us in with all the other 280 million inhabitants of our great nation . \ 
Cheat yourselves out of the only people who have ever given a flying fuck about your homeland and cultural identity . \ 
Good luck . 
Sooooo ...... How bout those mid-term elections ? 
Is finally off that god forsaken train and in Rome ! 
Should I go to Naples tomorrow or get drunk in Rome tonight and go on Friday ? 
Italy would be nice if it weren't for all the italians 
has to get up in four hours ! Ive been drinking all night and I am going to pay for it tomorrow ! If there is one song that can put me to bed with a clear head then I guess it is \ 
' the weight\ by The Band ! If you do not like it then ........ FUCK YOU ! " 
Loves airports with smoking lounges 
Has been traveling on planes and trains for over 22hours now . Having finally arrived at Syracuse airport my ride ( not naming any names ) informs me that they have lost the keys to their car . Having conducted a thorough search we then discovered that the keys were of course locked within the car . We are now waiting on AAA . FML 
Went to punks last night . Got up and went to Davinci's for breakfast . Nice place but they seemed kinda sketchy about serving us . Maybe it was because < PROPMALE > spent the first 5 minutes in their restroom throwing up . 
Wow . Either I've been defriended by my cousin for who knows what or ....... nah , never mind . I'm pretty sure that's what happened . 
Can't go out tonight . I have to head down to < PROPMALE>'s and bake some cookies and whatnot for tomorrow . Sorry to miss out on any drinking tonight but we need to get this done and for good reason 
Gee I wonder where I'll end up drinking tonight ... hmmmmm 
OMG ! < PROPMALE > is Mysterion ! 
Can't find the key to my truck and I am out of smokes .... 
