La La La ... dont know what else to say . 

helping little kids find the magic of the theater . 
The sun is your friend until it burns you ! Hurting ! 
likes tennis just wish I was better at it . 
thinks Phantom of the Opera has to be the best musical alive . 
I can drive ! Well ... if i have a parent or legal gardian with me . Thats better than nothing though ! 
I wish I had more time to read . My books are sad that I havent pick them up in awhile . :( 
Im a babysitter for the next two days ... I think it might just kill me . 
Just got home from babysitting ... and im tired ! 
Im excited to see the kids in there costumes . 
I wish my life was more exciting ... but I guess I should be careful what i wish for . 
Went to the bookstore today and bought some new books ... im excited to start reading them . 
Might be coming back to VA within the next week ! Still not final but I really hope it works out ! Fingers crossed ! :) 
My mom , brother , and I might get a flight out monday ! I cant wait to see you guys again !!!!! 
Im so excited to come home ! :) 
Im good ! What about you ? 
Sorry too ! Thats so cool ! I always wanted to do that after my brothers did it , but now im in guam and they dont really do stuff like that here . Oh and no ! I was always taller ! 
Will be home in two days ! See you guys soon ! =) 
Im HOME !!!!! 
I love blue crabs so much ! 
love my company . :) 
I have the < PROPMALE > potter puppet pals song stuck in my head , and I really like it . 
lazy couches are the best place to be , especially when you are there with friends like mine . 
Inkheart was a surprisingly good movie . I want to read the book now . 
Last night and today were awsome . Im going to miss you guys so much when I leave . 
Time goes by too fast to waste even a minute of it . Especially when you have friends as amazing as mine . I love you all so much . 
Had one of the best nights of my life with some of the best people in the world ! Thank you guys for making some of my last nights here amazing . I love you all and will really miss you . 
Helped my mom with the yard sale , then wnet to barnes and < PROPMALE > got some cools books and a new journal . Now im at my granny's and im quite happy . 
Reading does wonders for the soul . 
Why ? Why me ? I just dont understand ! I will miss everyone so much ! It was great top see you guys ! 
So ... i got off the plane , went to straight to the callback , and got the lead ! Im so happy ! Its makes coming back alot easier . 
Unpacked and cleaned my room today , and now im extremly tired . First day of school tomorrow pray for me . 
First day and i have a butt load of homework ! :( 
So ... I've been in school for two days and I already found someone who reminds me of rashie and < PROPFIRST > . Funyy huh ? 
My first week of school is over ! 
My room is fricken HOT !!!! Im burning up in here . 
Lots of homework .... yay ! 
Finally done with my book report ! I can breath again . 
so glad its the weekend . 
I met WE THE KINGS and got asked to go off with them ! Best night ever . Didnt go with them but still really cool ! 
Wonderful weekend full of energy drinks and < PROPMALE > pillow fights . 
Just finished all my homework for wed . and tomorrow . So I can relax the next couple of days . 
Haha ! Yeah ! We actually just had a < PROPMALE > snow storm . School was out for a week . Lol Well ... right now Im doing a show and we just opened today . So thats taking up a lot of my time right now . What about you ? are you going to do another show ? 
Yeah , its really fun . I feel like im really doing good job which doesnt happen a lot with me . Im sure the lord will help you get in if you just ask him . 
Why is it that one minute you life is fine and then the next you are extremly confused and feel stupid ? 
Another \typhoon\ " is coming . Wounder if it will really hit us this time ? " 
Virginians !!!! I miss you guys so mcuh !!!! I cant wait for the summer I get to spend it all with you ! :) 
The last show for Little Shop of Horrors tonight . I'm going to miss < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Just worked out and I feel awsome ! 
I miss all my people from < PROPFEMALE > . I hope all you guys are doing well . :) 
Stayed home sick today so ... my baby came over with mcdonalds to make me feel better . How did I get so lucky ? 
Off to run ! :) 
Just finished running and I am so happy with myself . 
I miss my baby !!!!! :( 
Been running the past couple of days and feel awsome ! :) 
Had a good run today with < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Thank goodness it's the weekend !!!! 
Going to a graduation and a graduation party today ... busy busy busy ! 
I miss him so much ! :( 
Dissapointed .... :( 
Making a the top bunk of a bunk bed STINKS !!!!!! 
Only one week left ! :) 
Bored ! :( 
Can't wait for next week ! 
Half a day of school tomorrow !!!! Yay !!! 
This STINKS !!!! I hate it !!!! 
Sunburn hurts ! :( 
My baby comes back in one day !!!! =) 
I'm so excited !!!!! <3 
My Baby's home !!!!!! <3 
In Virginia ... if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out just fb me . :) 
Went to Busch Gardens today ... it has changed a lot . Not as good as it used to be , but still fun . 
In Kentucky for the week . 
I am so bored and I have no clue what to do . :/ 
watched my baby model in a fashion show today ! he did so good ! im so proud ! :) 
Won't be able to sleep tonight :( 
Hmmmm ... :( 
Get to see my num num today ! :) 
I'm starting to like the way my life is going right now . :) 
I get to sing a duet with my baby for University Singers !!!!! =) 
Stevne won his soccer game last night !!!! He did such an amazing job !!!! Blocked two one-on-one goals !!!! I'm so proud of him !!! =) 
Going running with the University Singers today ... \ I Love it ! \ " :) " 
Hmm . Does anybody have a funny quote :) 
