Tooo many thoughts ... Comtemplating my future-who will be in it ... and who may not :{ 

is searchin for a representative sample , collecting data , and gonna have [ them ] present the findings in a 2 - 50 minute presentation ... on a poll ... [ ;)] 
is searchin for a representative sample , collecting data , and gonna have [ them ] present the findings in a 2 - 50 minute presentation ... on a pole ... [ ;)] 
is in my M.Y.N. mode right now !!! Haha ... Trey Sig , J . Holiday , Jagged Edge etc ... Hahaha !!! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends . 
feels that Colorado is toooo fuccin small ... and that the Saints are the shit !!! That number deuce-deuce !!! 
is Stranded ... according to how < PROPFIRST > explains it ..... and is feelin that D.N.A. album right now ... 
Developed From My Negatives --- jus like my photography ... -Dash 
Look . To all u that went to the concert ... I curse u !!! But I hope yall bastards had fun ! :-) 
I need some Ray-Day suggestions ... bday is on a Tues ... and i have nothin to do the next day ... but , idk what to do on the day ... give me ur thots !!! 
That which is not understood is seen as a threat !!! Food for thought ... 
Man ... fucc these papers ... I'm goin eco-friendly !!! 
It's the bday ..... what else is there to say ... that's enuff in itself !!! Im ready to get YADED !!! :-P 
Wow ... yall the kid felt the love !!! A < PROPMALE > thank you to all of you for showing me that love !!! If yall missed < PROPFEMALE > Love ... tooooo bad-she had me weak !!! And the Ciroc helped !!! 
Family and friends ... I am inviting you to my crib on saturday ( May 8th ) to come celebrate my graduation with me ... if u knw where I stay , come by , if you dont and want details get at me !!! Im startin it @ 3:30 ... 
Well , I thank those that showed up to my lil grad bbq !!! It was fantastic hangin out wit every1 !!! i love all of you !!! 
Yo , let me give a shout out to the O.G. of this number shit ..... LMFAO ... 
Possibly a Partially torn ACL ... but a sprained knee ... damn Perk ... \ 
Man , hopefully Boston get their ish together and step it up so we can grab this ship !!! 
Ur dope ( no drugs) !!! 
\Ur hands are so soft ... I wonder if that's y they feel so good inside of me ... \ " Gotta love females !!! Especially the one that said this to me ... " 
\Bitch I'm A Beast & U Knw Imma Go Hard \"" 
Shake Well and Insert ... then Higher the Dosage !!! 
When it rains ... man it pours ... I have to figure out how to find some shelter in this storm ... 
\How can I start over when my past keeps reaching into the future and pullin me into the present ? \"" 
Ima go to Sonic and get a Route 44 tonic water .... lmfao 
T-Mobile fuc*n succz ass !!! Get your ish together ... 
Boobies : Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Uneven ( o )( o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) , Big ( o )( o ) , Small (.) (.) , even Grandmas \\./\\./ .... Save them all !!! Repost for Brest Cancer Awareness !!! 
Please put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a \ 
disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a \ 
cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS !..... 93% won't copy and paste this . 
Is it weird that I can find myself listening to < PROPFEMALE > Smith's Whip My Hair Song ??? I laugh at it everytime , but I listen to the whole thing ... 
If you want to laugh , go look at the video on my profile ... but please make sure you have a bathroom near you !!! 
is happy that the f*n Heat lost to Utah in OT w/o D . Will !!! And I wonder how the Nuggets ( and the blind fans they have ) think they will do something this year giving up 144 points to the Pacers ... gotta love the NBA ! 
Q : do u see urself wit me honestly ? A : honestly , I dnt see myself wit any1 . I can't , gotta work on me more !!! bt I will not say never . Boss gotta make decisions ... 
Q : Why is it that you always try to act so tough and mean yet I always brought out and knew a different side if you . Which one is the real you ? \ 
A : Both . Adaptability is something that I think I have . So I am tough and mean , and I am the opposite at times . It depends what sum1 can bring out of me . So I was never two different ppl , just had different sides to me in different situations . 
Q : Did you know ?? if i would of knew you was gay bac when we was smaller i would a played hide and go get it and house wit you like every time i came over LMFAO fareal\ 
A : funny the way u made that statement a question ... but im glad u didnt assume ... but around that time my attention was on one gurl ... but she is a bestie now ... well glad to knw that i always been the object of attraction !!! JKJK 
Do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get ... 
Have u ever had an experience with someone being an ' unorganize aggressive' ??? or what does that mean to u ?? 
I don't really care for the Heat , but I hope they kicc < PROPMALE>'s ass . Ungreatful fans ... all he did for that city . But I will say , they have some very creative shirts and signs goin on in the crowd . My fav is the \Lyin ' King\ " classic ! :-D " 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal is to not see a humane face on Facebook until Monday Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Invite your friends to do the same . 
I love me some rum and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Chipotle parking lot ... book buybacks ... hooked me up !!! 
#374296 ...... I do miss hearin that sweet voice that always relaxed me and put me to sleep . If I ever visit I hope we can chop it up . I told u , I'm coo wit where I'm at and maybe one day we can be a lil more than what we r ... u knw I put enuff distance time in for it !!! 
#21 ... party , party , party ... we all got wasted !!! u knw that's the most recent memory ... but can't b forgotten ( well what I remember !!! ) But we def have to get it in again !!! 
I do feel like I prioritized , so I am now free to play ... FB b comin wit the games fareal ... like its trivial , bt I'm drawn to em ... too bad !!! So send in ya numbaz !!! 
#49 ... I don't even think words can describe how coo we are !!! u are def a very close friend , sum-n like a bestie(jk jk ) . u def are a best friend , cuz I knw ur there for me ... I am surprised we r this close , bt I def wldnt trade it at all !!! I luv ya and rep \Denver Baby\ " all day !!! " 
#730 ... well bac in high sku , I wish u wld have said a lil more , cuz I wld have been willing to see what was up . My lil cutie , them eyes-baumb ... I wld actually still -- bt I aint tryna disrespect . Ur coo tho . Oh yeah , keep in touch more mah . 
#2009 ... I'm glad we met . it was nice to see some sort of color in the community at the college . I am glad we r coo ... ur a dork and make me laugh . I wanna still < PROPFEMALE > out for the new semester-we will !!! I dnt flirt and u called me mean so-u aint gettin nothin !!! jk , I'm up for an even present exc < PROPFEMALE > e !!! 
mornin daddy , time for some ce-ral * katt < PROPMALE > voice* !!!!!! 
#1212 ... I will say that it was my pleasure to give u somethin u aint felt b4 !!! I always take that wit pride , all while havin fun !!! what more cld we ask for ?!?! bt u r a coo person and I luv that ya lil one is priority !!! 
#35 . 6 ... if anyone can believe I was attracted to dudes , this guy right here was definitely one of them . You are actually still too cute . I like that u love bein a dad ! we dnt talk bt , hey its coo . u was coo when we was talkin . 
#1225 ... we had fun in high sku !!! I do knw that you were so nice to me(u still are ) and I thot u were too coo . we dnt talk much , bt we r still coo when we do . 
#100 ... it is still interesting to me how we jus started talkin and became coo . I didn't mind . ur so caring and that is coo . I miss ya too and we shud < PROPFEMALE > for a day or so . I still wanna volunteer wit u tho . my bad on bein MIA .. its been one of those yrz . bt I got cha !!! 
#0 ... Keek-da-Sneek !!!! well I jus have to say that u are a coo person(when u was talkin ! ) . u knw we didn't talk much-cuz u didn't talk much !!! but beyond that a great baller ... athleticism out this world . glad that ur still doin ya thang !!! I wish u well !!! 
#97 ... haha , I will say that we wasn't that close , bt u was super coo and I mean who cldnt luv ya ?!?! a good football player and u have a good heart . congrats on fatherhood and stay u !!! 
#7 ... well , well , well ... my early morning running < PROPMALE > !!! I hated those days-bt anywho !!! I did enjoy our talks bout r'ships and I am glad u were there to keep it real but not judge me on the immature things I told ya ! u was a beast when we played and I was sad to see ya go ! bt the jello shots night at ur crib was too fun !!! I miss ya and congrats on motherhood !!! 
#09 ... well we aint too close cuz I jus met cha in the summer . bt u r coo and very supportive of the A-CO movement !!! bt u like to have fun and that's what's up !!! 
#24 ... u was coo to me and I like that u wasn't on that bullshit ... I wasn't either I was jus busy !!! I hope erything is good wit cha and congrats on sku . I wish u well . 
#215 ... u have to excuse me if I can't remember hinkley too well . bt I knw we was coo and didn't have no drama . we wasn't close , bt we were friends . bt I fuxx wit cha !! 
#2525 ... I dnt want this to be a give-a-way , so I won't make it that ... u have been there for me thru A LOT of thick and thins ... I thank u for bein strong and caring . u have a good heart and u can provide the route for wanting to be better . u r one person that has built a home in my heart , yeah u finally got there !!! bt thank u for being in my life . and saying I love u is an understatement . 
#2222 .... well we fell off , bt I gotta take responsibility for that . way too much to say-gotta b short . u were my breath of drama-free air . u was there for me when I was havin problems . I truely did care for you , I still do , way more than I shud . u were so caring and under the \hood\ " u were so soft and jus wanted security . I do apologize for things bt I can only grow from em . I fuxx wit cha and I wish u well as a mommy ! " 
#4828 ... well we haven't knwn each other too long . bt I do enjoy ya company !!! u have a good heart and it is rare now , to come across sum1 that cares for others ( friends ) the way u do !!! I am glad to have ya in my life . 
#787 ... I will remain ur < PROPMALE > Songz !!! bt ur coo and I knw u wld do what u can for me !!! that's coo to have and I'm glad I do !!! 
#4 ... I luv u and that will never c < PROPFEMALE > e . u r loyal to me and I am to u . that means so much in such a small breath . it is very important to me . I love what ur doing for yungsterz and I wish u well in all of that . we need to fareal < PROPFEMALE > out when I cme home !!! I luv ya Shaq !!! 
#44 ... man ... u r my nigga-fareal . we knw we got each other and we dnt even have to say it . its unspoken and sometimes that means more !!! my ryde or die fareal , I luv u my ninja and I wish u well in ur passion for music !!! 
Sad to say that i actually had a lil bit of fun playing the numberz game . I dnt really feel like I get bored with games on here ... so I aint gonna stop ... there are some late-comers , so y stop ?? So if ur late , still send the < PROPFIRST > or the throwbac questions !!! 
#08 ... Well we haven't known each other too long , but it has been a pleasant time . I'm glad that i met an older , strong Christian that doesnt judge . It is rare to find that . Thank you for not judging and trying to be there for me when i need ya !! If we dont make it over this semester , we will be there next semester !! 
I jus finished watching the Lunar Eclipse ... some things in nature jus CANNOT b caught on film ... if u missed it , guess u have to wait til next time ... winter solstice on the way !!! 
My fellow club-goers ... does weather stop u from partying ?? if not , what does ? Jus wanna knw ... 
Damn u Stanford ... bt a damn good game !!! Streak starts over now !!! < PROPFEMALE > is bout to get too motivated and go off !!! Love basketball ... 
would like to knw if ppl r scared of the snow/cold tonight ??? How many ppl r still gonna go out ? 
I guess I am an Aries now ... Bt I think I've been a lil bit of Aries at times as well as Gemini ... bt always my Taurean foundation !!! 
Can't F-N sleep and I gotta b up early ....... sum1 care to engage in a convo ?? 
Dear Sleep , 
... U friggin succ bc I cannot seem to have any sort of r'ship wit u right now ... u dnt even wanna see me , or hear me , or understand me ..... puh , puh , puh please dnt do this to me !!! 
I'm on this \Must see BG\ " kicc !!! he is puttin in work !!! " 
Dammit ... my C's got lazy tonight ... I need them to play better . 
Picking a side , which is stronger ? Love or Revenge . I wanna hear what u have to say picking a side-not using both ... 
Good win for my Cs !!! Glad that NY beat the fuccin Heat too !!! 
Well if Facebook is really gonna shut down on the 15th of March , I guess I better start collecting phone < PROPFIRST > !!! So inbox ur < PROPFIRST > to me !!! 
... That's why they're called fries ... 
is wondering ... y is every1 trippin so hard on the weather ??? its CO ppl ... been cold for yrz ... its colder-put more layers on ( if ur lucky enuff to have more clothes ) and keep it pushin . Take precautions for this sort of weather and u wldnt have to complain !!! 
It is unfortunate that I had to conform and get a twitter acct ... so I gotta say follow me @Ladies_Delyte 
Haha !!! Hell yeah my Spurs went to the fundamentals to win !!! 
Along with the commercials being pretty sub-par , they are , of course , sexist !!! Damn blue pill * Catalyst inside* !!! 
Well , GB , u didn't surprise me !!! I was wit cha !!! Get it !!! Now , who gets MVP ... Rodgers or Jennings 
Man , I'm 2-for-2 in this fb championship predictions !!! I shud take it to vegas , huh ?? JKJK 
Damn , I feel out of the loop , ery1 is gettin tatted ... 
Sex so good , I'm ya antidote ..... 
She loves the complexity ... 
#ifyoureallyloveher ... u still love her ... so true . DeRay was hittin !!! 
Off that < PROPFEMALE > and Henny !!! Gawd damn !!! 
... Bcuz they use real mud ... 
\Can u b open minded 2 change but not make any changes ? \ " A friend asked this question ... I think it's a good one ... what do you think ? " 
I never underdstood the true significance of the saying \Time is of the Essence\ " until I ran out .......... R . I . P Grandma < PROPFEMALE >..." 
\I don't regret ' us ' . I regret what we became after all the smiles and love that we shared . \"" 
#FML , I fuccin swear ..... I think I'm gonna fuccin explode ... Ima go under my fuccin rocc and stay there ... 
\There's a time in life where you have to let go of what you are used to and move on to something better . \"" 
Ok , I knw it is Biggie anniversery , I want to knw can one not care about it b/c they are a true 2Pac fanatic ?? It is like being a die hard Laker fan and cheering for the C's .... is it allowed ??? ( Dnt assume u knw where I stand tho-cuz u dnt ) ... just wondering what the FB fam thinks ... 
\Smart girls open their minds . Easy girls open their legs . Foolish girls open their hearts . \ " C'mon ladies ...... let's get better !!! " 
FB fam ..... I have a question , on a touchy subject . Do u you think that children under 18yrs shud b able to get an abortion w/o parental consent ?? Why or why not ( w/o using religious perspectives) ?? 
I wish the UNC Bears much luck , they will need it !!! 
Come here and let me give u a Suga high !!! 
\Most of the problems in life are because of two reasons : we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting . \ " This ish is so hittin right now !!! " 
\I pork a bitch until I pull her hammy\ " -- Wale " 
\I just want to smell your breath 
< PROPFEMALE > Squad on myne baby !!!!! Those lovely ladies know how to get shit poppin right !!! Don't be sleepin on ' em an support they evnts !!! #Lez -gooo 
\I will do < PROPFEMALE>'s work for her \"-- Tyrell " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is soooo friggin sexy !!! I wld love to make him my baby daddy !!!! lol 
\I never belonged to you . I was never yours . We were never us . You confused a great friendship for something more than it was 
\I'm just a toad and I was tryna ribbit !!! \ " REALLY ?!?!?! I can't stand u gurl ... " 
Man , life is amazing . I have the pleasure of being stressed over the options of graduate school in Oxford , Ohio ( Univ . of Miami-OH ) or Greeley , Colorado ( Univ . of Northern Colorado ) or pursuing experience within coaching in Denver ...... wow !!! What to do , what to do ... 
