New-Years-Eve was great , < PROPFEMALE > <3 , Friends , Hockey , and a party 

going to take a nap ... 
church is canceled for tomorrow .. going to < PROPFEMALE > out with they guys . I cant wait to go skiing .. haha there is sooo much snow everywhere 
i am ready for convention already ! 
I had a great time tonight :D 
Now i am really ready for convention ... 
had a great week at convention :D to bad everyone could not go ... it was amazing !! 
is going to play airsoft tomorrow ... for the first time :) it should be fun 
airsoft was fun , only two shots broke the skin :) 
i just went to my first real concert .. it was awsome :D 
friends are the best thing since sliced bread :) lol 
i am off today .. yay ! :) 
for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .. 
oh ya the weekend :) 
i know that everything happens for a reason ... sometimes you just need to have < PROPFEMALE > . 
i am ready for classes to start ... and ready to go skiing , i just got some new skiis yay 
i am going to see my first rodeo .. i am pumped !! 
done with the first day of classes ... and i am ready for wednsday ! :) 
done with classes ... ready to go to the fair , and see a rodeo :) 
i had a great time at the fair last night ... deffinantley need to do that again sometime !! 
i am ready to spend some quality time with my friends :) 
had a great time with my friends last night :) now time to get ready for a 5k ! 
just got back from the 5k ... i ran it 1 < PROPFEMALE > faster than the last one :) 
I love Life :) and my friends , and i am positive that everything does happen for a reason !! 
time to do some homework .. yay 
it feels like fall is coming early this year ... get ready for the snow . 
Had so much fun last night :) i cant wait till next time :) 
yes .. no school monday , :) family gathering tomorrow after church .. so much good food !!.. and relatives of course lol 
I had a great time yesterday :) ... i am going to try to be more decisive lol haha and i dont usually wear tight pants :D ... 
done with classes today ... time to work on some homework . 
just ran a mile .. prob the latest i have ever run . 
i know that when i am with you ;) .. there is a reason time passes with such ease :) 
STeelers !!! game one .... now !.. and still happy from this entire week ;) 
ha .. the steelers have to wait till the end of the game i guess lol 
did good on my first a&p test ... time to get ready for the next one haha , not . I am ready to see what next week has to offer :) 
done with work ... yes , going to a wedding at 4 today :) .. and i cant wait till tuesday :D 
going to do some homework :/ but i do not know how much i will be able to concentrate lol :) 
i am eating moose track icecream right now :) it is so good ... 
had a great time last night bowling :) and i really wish starbucks was open later , even though it was getting cold lol .... i cant wait for the next time :D 
going to try to get all my homework done tonight so maybe i can do something tomorrow ;) 
almost done with all my homework and studying :) yay ... well for this week lol 
The game was great !! the perogies were great !! the friends were awsome ! :) i wish it lasted longer :) 
Liked church today :) going to have a dude day at 1:30 lol then steelers 4:30 woopwoop ! then study study .... 
:D 
tomorrow is the first day of autumn :) 
it seems like the more you study .. the slower time goes haha :D 
just played basketball to see who is on my church league team :D i am so sweaty .. we should have a pretty good team .. 
I am ready for friday night :D ... but first i have to study for my anatomy test tomorrow ... 
:) i wore flipflops to my classes today and my toes got cold .. who would have guessed lol 
going to help my dad < PROPFEMALE > some brick .. he needs more muscles lol 
the only downside to flipflops is , that you feet get so cold !... but it was worth it lol ... had a great time talking it the street ;) 
our team had a basketball game saterday night ... we didnt win , but i think the team has some potential ... and chemistry . I am ready for game #two ! 
finally .... not too much homework this week ! woopwoop ! just a little to study . 
:D i am ready for tomorrow , the feelings are real .. and i am going to get some new shoes haha ;) 
:) i had a great time thursday shopping ... and at starbucks :D .. this weekend has been so busy .. 
cant wait till thursday :D and one more test this week ... ready to get it over with . 
got to sleep in ... the first day since college started . i feel rested yay :D 
my teacher didnt show for my first class , haha .. now only 3 classes today .. 
what happened pens ... so many penalties .. 
:D i am ready to go to the soccer game tomorrow .. and maybe get some hot beverages hah :D 
:D had a great time last night ... i think fires were made for the soul haha :) 
every day with you is like the first day of spring ... :D it never gets old ... 
just finished my first clinicals ... i am going to like my job :) 
:D i really like blankets ... haha 
yaaaa !! pens win in the shoootout ! 
:D i am ready for friday .. i hope it is not too cold , but cold enough for a blanket hahaha 
:D had a great time at the game ... and an even better time at eatenpark :D and an even better time after that .... 
:) can't wait to dance with the mennonites again lol :D 
studying ... back around 10:15 ish ahah 
done with homework for now ... and i could really go for some peach rings :) 
wow .. i didnt think i would have any more homework this week , wrong ... but at least i still have friday night with my friends :D 
i like to dress up :D 
have you ever started to smile becaues of someone :D and were still smiling when you when to sleep ? :D 
I am happpy that i can always be myself :) 
i am ready for tomorrow night :D ... i know i am going to have a good time :) 
:) friday is here , yay !! 
i waited a whole week for friday :D and it was worth the wait ... :D i wish friday night was longer than all the others 
the time changes tonight !!! :D 
it is hard to trust someone with you heart when you have been hurt before . 
feels relaxed .... :) 
my body may be tired ... but my mind dreams about you all the time .. 
haha ;D i like suprises .. :D 
cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > today :D 
had a great time tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and friends ... even though my toes almost froze off , but it was totally worth it :) 
<3 
tonight is going to be awsome :D i get to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and i get to dress up !! 
:) had a great time with Emm and < PROPFEMALE > at the banquet ... and then we had bunch of fun with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and the gang hahaha ... :D 
study .. study .. 
Go !! Steelers !! 
one more class ... 
finishing up some homework ... :D ready for friday 
soooo happy tomorrow is friday ... i miss < PROPFEMALE > .. 
I had and awsome time at the hockey game with < PROPFEMALE > :D there were 3 fights ... and i got to eat dipndots :D haha 
work tomorrow till about 3 .... then hw which seems to never go away . 
that was a great month :) i plan on many more to come <3 
:D i am ready for the concert tomorrow with all my friends ... woopwoop !! 
that was a great concet .... i am definitely looking forward to the next one :) 
Get to help sing the music at church ... then off to thanksgiving with the Mausts 
I am ready to see < PROPFEMALE > .. and go on a double date with < PROPFEMALE > and DJ :) woopwoop !! 
I cant wait till wednsday ... i am ready for thanksgiving break 
That was my frist BlackFiday experience haha ... i was not bad lol , and snow .. yay i cant wait to hit the slopes :D 
:) i cant wait to go to church , and eat lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and her family tomorrow ... 
that was a great thanksgiving :) now i have to study for my 3 tests this week .. yay haha but soon enough it will be the weekend lol 
got a good grade on my first 2 tests :D .. only one more this week . Time to work on my final project till 6:30 ish .. then basketball game at 7 .. be back at 9ish :) 
:D cant wait for Friday , i get to be with < PROPFEMALE > ... two more weeks of school to go . 
:D almost completely done with my final project ... then all i have to do is Study till next friday . 
I cant wait to be with you ... :) 
So happy to see < PROPFEMALE > today :D woopwoop !! 
haha .. Iceskating was a blast :) i cant wait for the next time ... so < PROPFEMALE > can teach me some cool tricks ;D 
Finals week .. yay .. i cant wait till friday , that will be a relief . 
One final down .... 
I am actually hoping class isnt cancelled tomorrow so i cant take my final ..... It is snowing like crazy .. 
One more final friday ... 
last day of class ... I cant wait to go skiing .. 
finally done with finals ... Now It is definitely time to start thinking about skiing :D 
I Love < PROPFEMALE > :D haha and cant wait to see Her 
cleaned my room today ... haha now i can see my floor 
Ready for the snow to stay .. I want to SKI !! 
Soooo excited to see < PROPFEMALE > today :D it feels like it has been forever . 
:D now this is the snow i want ... Now i can go skiing !! 
going to a christmas drama ... then i get to spend some time with < PROPFEMALE > and friends .. :D 
Had a great time last night :D today .. maybe going christmas shopping .. then i have a b-ball game at 6:30 ... back around 8ish 
going to sleep early ... haha i am really tired ( totally worth it ) :D , work tomorrow morning . 
hanging out at < PROPMALE>'s and missing < PROPFEMALE > :) cant wait to see you em 
Done Christmas shopping !!.. 
Now that is how the pens should play !! 
:) Christmas is of the essence .. i cant wait to see EM !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
Christmas with the mausts tomorrow .. :) i cant wait .. 
i never thought getting snowed in on winter break could be sooo good :D .. perfect timing . 
is liking the snow ... 
Pens at 7 .. back after that ... 
I cant wait for New Years < PROPFEMALE > !! I miss you Em 
i cant wait for tonight to come :) 
had a grantastic last to days with < PROPFEMALE > :) cant wait to attempt skiing now haha 
n/a 
when you close your eyes .. who is the first person you think of ? :) <3 
Got to go skiing with a bunch of my friends .. and 2 were first timers .. It was < PROPFEMALE > much fun . Now i cant wait for wed . skiing alll day haha 
Picked my classes for next semester , and picked up my scrubs .. then later going to < PROPFEMALE > out with the dudes . 
ready to see < PROPFEMALE > .. and cant wait to ski with her and my friends tomorrow .. All Day ! hahaha 
had a great time skiing wed with < PROPFEMALE > and friends .. going skiing again tomorrow after work :) i cant wait 
love skiing ... i cant wait till wednesday , most of the guys are going ... except < PROPMALE > * haha he has work 
:) three months* ! 
First day of Class .. not bad .. i think i am going to like this semester 
\from the highest of heights to the depths of the sea .. Creation is revealing your majesty \"" 
Class in the morning tomorrow .. then going Skiing later , and missing < PROPFEMALE > all day :) 
I cant wait for tomorrow :) 
The concert was great ! to bad it had to end .. 
I am ready for college this week . I miss < PROPFEMALE > .. cant wait for tuesday . 
Going to Starbucks tomorrow .. :D to see Em , woopwoop !! haha 
Had a great Evening with < PROPFEMALE > :) Starbucks , Movie , Supper , Mall haha , Walmart , almost getting lost :D haha jk ... :D and some singing hahah <3 
Went skiing yesterday .. the slopes were actually good , even though it was < PROPFEMALE > warm the past few days . 
Work .. Homework .. Basketball .. Winter X games .. and missing < PROPFEMALE > 
:) i cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > on Thrusday .. 
has to be at college at 6:25 tomorrow to leave for clinicals .. yay !! but it is going to be early ... 
first pharmacology test tomorrow .. i am sure it will be fun . 
No school for me haha .. yay !! going skiing later .. 
college tomorrow .. then Movie with < PROPFEMALE > :D .. then spend time with my friends :) 
haha .. found out on the way home that my exam and class is cancled for tomorrow .. kinda excited , but now i have 3 exams next week .. yay 
Read and reviewed for my test monday .. going to get some sleep and watch the game tomorrow with my gf :) i cant wait 
The superbowl was actually pretty good .. had a good time with Em and friends . 
Enjoyed clinicals today .. Something new every time . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... you are perfect . :) 
There is so much snow !!! i like it < PROPFEMALE > bad . 
it is looking like i will have class tomorrow for sure ... 
I cant wait for tomorrow .. :D and sunday .. this is going to be a great weekend <3 
I had a great Valentines Day weekend .. made pizza , watched 39 kids .. and home videos haha that was great ;D .. :) went bowling .. but the best part was spending time with < PROPFEMALE > <3 
i am ready to take a nap .. clinicals went good today .. 
Drinking < PROPFEMALE > Soda .. only the best though , Vernors !!! 
4 Months :) i love you Em 
Got my car unstuck .. now i am pooped . 
wants to go skiing again soon ... next week hopefully . 
Had a great time a Megans Bday party .. I like Ems fam .. they like to have a good time . 
clinicals were ok .. bball at 9 .. back at 10:30 
Sleeping in tomorrow .. then catching up on some reading . 
God is good .. all the time . 
cant make it out of my driveway .. and 68 is closed .. so i guess , no school for me . 
Church tomorrow .. subway with the dudes , < PROPFEMALE > out . then home to study . 
Gets to spend the day with Em .. it is a good day :) 
I bought 2 pairs of shoes ... At the Same time lol 
work till 8ish then maybe hanging out with the guys , and missing Em all day . 
Had a great time with Em bowling last night .. she beat me . haha but i dont mind .. bc she is amazing 
Reading .. and Clinicals tomorrow .. 
Had a basketball game tonight against the school .. and it was fun . but we lost . 
This weekend is going to be a lot of fun .. i cant wait 
Went skiing tonight .. it was a lot of fun , i want to go again .. i wore a long sleeved shirt and windbreaker pants .. it was < PROPFEMALE > warm haha .. the snow was a little poopy , but what would you expect .. 
I had a great weekend , I got to spend time with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and DJ .. and was one of the activity leaders at camp .. laurelville is a great camp and i hope to help out again .. but for now i am going to study and sleep in my own bed :) 
<3 5 Months ! 
is ready for saturday .. Concert , friends , fun , < PROPFEMALE > :) it is going to be great . 
Ready for tomorrow .. :) < PROPFEMALE > .. Friends .. Concert . 
Had a great weekend .. now i just need to catch up on sleep and studying lol 
it was supposed to rain today ... but it is snowing .. maybe i will go skiing tomorrow lol 
it is nice out .. should i play basketball at the park .. or ski lol 
studying .... How exhilarating 
I got to see em tonight .. now i cant wait for saturday .. and Spring Break ... haha it starts friday after class lol 
is talking crazy to random people on modern . haha . 
Ran three < PROPMALE > today .. and going to run tomorrow again . I miss Em .. and cant wait for wednsday :) 
Going to run at 11:30 .. just cleaned my room .. and then hw the rest of the day .. 
Really excited for tomorrow :D ... i cant wait to see Em .. 
\If my heart was a house you'd be home \"" 
I have to wake up really early tomorrow to get my classes picked for the summer semester .. it isnt going to be fun ......... 
Test tomorrow .. then i have the afternoon off .. finally :) .. cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > again 
first game of the church league's playoffs tonight ... i hope we do well .. i am pumped already haha 
Missing Her ... 
work at 6am .. off around 2ish .. then going running with < PROPFEMALE > .. then a drama . I cant wait :) 
just went for a run with < PROPFEMALE > .. it was fun . Now we are getting ready to go to a drama .. lots of fun :) 
good day at clinicals .. now i just have to study for a pharm test tomorrow .. :) cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > today 
i get to sleep in tomorrow , the first in a long time ... then work at 1 
Get to see < PROPFEMALE > today ... I CAnt wait !! 
The trip to DC was great .. spent the whole day with friends :) 
last day of clinicals tomorrow .. well for this semester .. then work at one 
Test tomorrow .. then the evening off .. no work , studying , nothing .. just relaxing 
just got done running .. and some strength training .. now i dont feel as bad about the doughnut i ate lol 
Friday !!! I cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow woopwoop !! 
hope the weather will be nice tomorrow .. i think i am going to wear sandals 
Test tomorrow .. Corticosteroids on the mind .. i am definitely ready for the weekend 
So happy Friday is almost here .. I get to see Em . This is going to be a good weekend :) 
One Final down ... 
two Finals done .. just orals tomorrow .. and one more final friday .. i am ready for the weekend .... 
Done With all my finals ... now i just have to wait till monday to see what i got . 
I to see my final grades today .. I passed all my classes !!! 
Really excited to go to the Race this weekend ... I get to see < PROPFEMALE > , friends , and maybe even the beach :) i cant wait 
i ran 3 < PROPMALE > in cold rainy weather .. and it felt sooo goood .. 
is in delaware .. going to the beach tomorrow morning :) 
ready for the weekend .. i cant wait till i have a summer free of school 
in washington county now .. had clinicals from 7am to 7pm .. it was good . Staying at best western .. then going to back to the hospital tomorrow from 7 to 7 
this is going to be a great weekend .. i can feel it already :) 
had a great time doing clinicals at winchester hospital .. I definitely need to go there agian . Ready for next weeks clinicals 
is excited for friday :) i cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > 
Class till 2 .. work at 3 .. then home to sleep . I get to work in the sleep lab tuesday and wednesday , i am excited . 
excited to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :) 
finished 2 summer finals .. one more today .. then off to work . 
8 months :) i love you < PROPFEMALE > <3 
i think my car is broke .... 
I hope this next year will be as good as the last 
That was a good birthday :) 
going to see all the mausts this weekend .. LOts of them lol .. :) and < PROPFEMALE > is coming 
i am bummed that i couldnt get off work to go to the beach ....... 
one more week of summer semester .. i am ready for summer break lol 
Cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday :D 
just ran 3 < PROPMALE > .. i feel great !.. cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :) 
Had a great time in New York with my family , relatives , and < PROPFEMALE > .. I really hope we can do this every year . 
not a bad first day .. i guess i kinda like college lol 
one more class .. then work . I cant wait for saturday .. 
had a great week at clinicals .. and cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > this weekend :) 
at ocean city with my RT class :) 
having a great week in ocean city .. but i cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > 
got to see the sunset with < PROPFEMALE > :) it was good 
Staying in Winchester tonight at my 2.5 cousins house , then going to clinicals tomorrow at City Hospital . 
going to get my ankle checked out tomorrow .. hoping it is just a sprain .. 
ankle is feeling better ... get to spend the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > :) woopwoop ! 
only a few more weeks .. time to study for finals 
one more week .... i cant wait to go skiing ! 
one day down .. 
One more final .... i cant wait to be done 
all done with this semester .. now just to wait for my grades 
YES !! i passed all my finals .. i am so relieved . 
Christmas is here ! i cant wait to hit the slopes !! 
Loving winter break .. Cant wait to go skiing and see < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Going Skiing !! 
there is sooo much snow at my house , i love it !.. church was cancelled and now i am going to < PROPFEMALE > out with the guys 
Going skiing all day tomorrow ! i can not wait .!!! 
PiTTSBurGH !!!!! 
Steelers know how to represent !! 
got to go to work now ... :) really enjoy talking to frika and felody 
:) most likely going skiing tomorrow .. hope to have fun , my whole family might actually go .. i guess it will be a learning day for some 
Slept Rawesomely last night .! 
It is snowing .. going to work . College starts up for me tomorrow .. happy it is my last semester ! 
I <3 the Steelers !!! 
get to go to < PROPFEMALE > hospital tomorrow for prenatal orientation 
College was cancelled due to crazy driving conditions . I think I am happy ? I did actually want to go to < PROPFEMALE > though :/ 
There is a buttload of snow in gville !! I wonder if I will be able to get home :/ 
a little under the weather .. and i dont mean all the snow .. lol 
feeling better :) home till work 
work at 3 .. and i guess i need to study and read 
Home :) and i get to sleep in tomorrow 
<(^^,)> I like music ! 
I feel Good ! 
hmmm , what is on my mind ? 
PITTSBURGH STEELERS !! 
Good game . Still love the steelers 
done with clinics for this week ! i should study , but i am tired in < PROPFEMALE > many different ways .. i guess i will try to study . sigh 
Three days of clinics here i come 
Good game tonight guys , now time to catch up on some sleep 
I love music ! 
Clinicals tomorrow and thursday , actually looking forward to them :) 
done with clinics for the week , class and work tomorrow 
:) a new week 
Lucky :) 
So i scheduled over 50 hours of clinics for next week .. i think it will be a learning experience . I'm ready 
finally the weekend is here for me :) 
I think this week may be harder than i thought .. Bring it on ! 
E-Day !!! 
came home only to find my friend from japan came to visit ! Glad his whole family survived the tsunami . 
Ready for clinics the rest of the week .. i think 
Happy St. Patricks Day ! 
One more day of clinicals this week 
God is Awesome . 
Two more days of clinics this week .. Then I get a break .. Not lol 
Real 
When you love to live , somehow life slowly reveals itself to you . There really is a God that loves and gives . 
Only 40 more manditory hours of clinics left .. I am kinda excited haha 
missed my playoff game due to sleep , i think . i wish i would have not laid down as early as i did . 
