who's the one who wrote that i scored low on my SAT ?! 

WHICH ONE IS YOUR FAVORITE Always forgive your enemies - Nothing annoys them so much . If < PROPFEMALE > is so popular , why do you have to buy her friends ? When everything's coming your way , you're in the wrong < PROPFIRST > . I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out . I couldn't repair your brakes , so I made your horn louder . For Sale : Parachute . Only used once , never opened , small stain . TO BE CONTINUED 
Do you have trouble making up your mind ? Well , yes or no ? If everything seems to be going well , you have obviously overlooked something . Many people quit looking for work when they find a job . When I'm not in my right mind , my left mind gets pretty crowded . Everyone has a photographic memory . Some just don't have film . You know the speed of light , so what's the speed of dark ? 
Join The Army , Visit exotic places , meet strange people , then kill them . I poured Spot remover on my dog . Now he's gone . Evening news is where they begin with ' Good evening ' , and then proceed to tell you why it isn't . Before borrowing money from a friend , decide which you need more . ( Friend or Money Death is hereditary . There are three sides to any argument : your side , my side and the right side . 
Never argue with a fool . People might not know the difference . When you're right , no one remembers . When you're wrong , no one forgets . Cheer up , the worst is yet to come . Always remember that you are absolutely unique . Just like everyone else . Everyone makes mistakes . The trick is to make mistakes when nobody is looking . They say hard work never hurts anybody , but why take the < PROPMALE > . 
Always borrow money from a pessimist . He won't expect it back . I like work . It fascinates me . I sit and look at it for hours . If you can't see the bright side of life , polish the dull side . Where there's a will , there are five hundred relatives . Everybody wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die . SORRY ABOUT IT BEING SO LONG 
well the surgerys done with ... still hate iv's ... 
Who needs help with the Trig homework still ? 
well i have survived yet another day of driving 
so what chapters did we have to read out of frankenstein ? 
just finished my english yay procrastination 
soooo .... apparently bowling isnt tcns strong point either :/ 
