happy new year everyone 

Love is making a shot to the knees of a target 120 kilometers away using an Aratech sniper rifle with a tri-light scope . 
one of the best shows ive seen has ended . goodbye LOST 
currently feeling an odd mix of excitement joy depression anxiety hope worry and a whole mess of other conflicting emotions 
currently bored out of my mind 
going insane out of bordom 
its almost over and i just want to thank the people who made these 4 years the bet of my life . 
its almost over and i just want to thank the people who made these 4 years the best of my life . 
well we did it congratulations UC class of 2010 
cant wait to go to the AnimeNext convention next week 
cant wait to go to AnimeNext tomorrow 
thank god for the beach 
hope every one is enjoying their 4th of July 
depressed that out of all the literary achievements our generation is going to be known as the ones that made vampires < PROPFEMALE > 
taking a walk and thinking about stuff 
finding japanese easier to learn then what he was expecting 
needs to find something to do 
randomly watching < PROPFIRST > of the dead in the middle of night for no reason . 
enjoying shark week 
on vacation in williamsburg . 
weirdest vacation ever . 
just went to see inception . i wish i had gone to see it earlier . best movie of the summer 
enjoying his 18th birthday 
finally got to set up xbox live today 
loving the fact that i only have one class on my first day 
cant wait to find out what my history class is gona be like 
feels so odd sitting at home on a weekday 
first week of college done 
9 years ago today cruel sick people twisted thier reigion to commit mass muder and spread terror . but we showed them that we will not break no matter what they try 
love that < PROPFIRST > Cobert used parody of Dr. Strangelove 
playing Reach 
take me away to a peace I've , take me away where my life can be my own 
I'm tired of being what you want me to be . feeling so faithless lost under the surface . dont know what your expecting of me but under the pressure of walking in your shoes . every step that I take is another mistake to you . i've become so numb I cant feel you there . I've become so tired so much more aware . im becoming this all I want to do is be more like me and less like you 
yeah watching invader zim in the middle of the night 
just had class canceled for the first time 
looks like twins are going down without a fight 
is going to Yankee Stadium for game 3 of the ALCS 
why not hopefully you all know the rules about these things\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . blueeeee\ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
... 4 . The animal you remind me of . \ 
... 5 . Ask somethingI've always wondered about you . \ 
\ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . What's on my shirt now\ 
9 . Challenge you to post this . 
as much as this hurts to say . Congratulations Texas you earned it . 
Time to play Fable three 
cant wait to go down to Rowan and visit < PROPFEMALE > Ruggieri 
Kids with special needs are not sick or gross , they only want what we all want .. to be accepted . Can i make a request ? is ANYONE willing to post this & leave it as your status for atleast an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way 
cant wait to go to deathly hallows part one tonight at midnight 
< PROPMALE > potter was awsome 
is bored 
really pissed about how the Yankee's management is treating < PROPMALE > Jeter 
< PROPMALE > potter was just as awsome the second time as the first 
is about to go take the driving exam 
its official i passed the driving exam 
first semester done 
wishing he could get to the UC alumni mass . 
happy holidays everyone 
-PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
wishes he could go visit U.C. 
watching band of brothers on dvd 
why are people so stupid as to attribute the earthquake in Japan to \Devine Retribution\ " or \ " karma\ " for < PROPFEMALE > Harbor . something that no only happened 70 years ago but also something that the US did more than enough to get revenge for . " 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Carr , < PROPMALE > Becker , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Child , < PROPFEMALE > Ruggieri , Arty Russo\ 
those zombies wont know what hit them 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Red Sox Fan . Being a Red Sox Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for Red Sox Fans and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 100% of Yankee fans will repost this ... Simply because we know how to copy and paste ...... as well as tie our shoes ... Go Yankees !!!! 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? It's Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . 
