Whats up I finally got internet again . so now i can be cool like the rest of you all . 

i need anothe tatoo 
Should I change my name to Master Beattie ? hehehehehehe 
So tired 
CABIN FEVER ....... and i don't live in a cabin . HEHEHEHhhhhahahahhhehehe 
The second day back to work was harder than the first day back to work . After having four days off wednesdays should be a manditory stay home day . 
The love from familly and friends has kept me going .... Thank you all . 
Happy Friday everybody .... We made it . 
Balboa park puppet show then hours at the childrens park then dinner with the parental units ....... so tired 
Life is tough in San Diego .... Paris and I are about to go swimming soon because it is such a beautiful day ........ yay 
Happy Happy Happy Joy Joy Joy . 
just spent the last 2 hours playing my daughters video game while she isnt here . WHAT A DORK 
< PROPFIRST > starts balet tomorrow ... yea for her . I also just painted her nails with the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland inspired polish from OPI do I sound like a comercial 
HAPPY FRIDAY everybody . Go Chargers 
Just grilled a HUGE steak and made horseradish mashed potatos ..... yum till it hurts 
I love the rain . 
I cant wait for the weekend . good times in store for me and the little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . My heart is ten times bigger while i am with her ...... awww 
Lets all have some fun this weekend and try to make someone laugh soooooo hard they shoot something out of their nose . 
Good times to all . Thanks for letting me be a part of all your lives at one point or another . Punk rock and stuff . Blah 
Court sucks . The outcome was good but it took four and a half hours 
ARGH 
my alergies wrecked me today . almost friday though ..... yea 
is happy it is friday . < PROPFIRST>' birthday is sunday call me after ten to wish her a happy b-day if you wish . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderfull daughter < PROPFIRST > . She turns 6 today . I love her with all my heart . 
sometimes you feel like a nut , sometimes you don't 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Mean people are mean . Dumb people are dumb . A-holes are a-holes . Crazy people are crazy . I can't change you , but what am I ? 
Reality is what you make it and I feel I havent been very creative . Time to have fun !! 
Cats or Dogs ? 
When you feel all alone in a room of friends and you just want someone to hold your hand and say ...........? 
if you want people to think you are crazy walk like you are angry , smile like you just heard the funniest joke you ever heard , and flap your arms like a < PROPFEMALE > . well that is my random advice for the day . enjoy . 
So the other day I saw a elderly homeless man crossing the street in high heels and thought , dang I thought my friends were weird . Glad it wasn't me . 
HahahahaHaaahahhhaaahhaa . grrr 
Good times with some good friends this last weekend . 
is singing don't worry cause every little thing is gonna be alright 
My Baby girl is not feeling well ( just a cold ) hoping she feels better soon . 
I need a vacation !!!!!!! 
The meaning of life is the persuit of knowledge . I have faith in you all ...... thanks :) 
No new tales to tell 
When you know what you want but cannot have . When you search for but cannot find . When you love with all your soul ........... 
I hate driving sometimes . There are too many people on this planet for me to drive the way i want :) 
feelin the blues 
I got more cheese than cheetos . and it is nowhere on me 
I know it is late , but Happy St. Paddys day ........ and Poag < PROPFEMALE > Hoan 
Another day another dollar . Damn I need a vacation . Thinking of AZ .. 
Going to Legoland tomorrow with my angel < PROPFIRST > . Good Times . 
It kinda wierd when you notice that children need a distraction from everyday life just like us grownups . Also when will it be legal to snap at people who cut into line at amusement parks . I understand holding a place but when twelve people push past you arent you alowed to throw an elbow or two ? 
Sometimes it is not good enough to hear you are loved but you need a hug or see that < PROPFEMALE > in a smile . 
Please send your luck and best wishes to me and < PROPFIRST > . I have familly court again tomorow . Feeling a little nervous . 
Take a quote and add \in bed\ " to the end " 
< PROPFIRST > had her Ballet recital today , she was awesome . Sorry to all that i have been a flake to recently . 
MONDAYS 
Food coma ...... good times 
Sometimes power does not come from within it comes from without . 
Why is it that the more you want something the harder it is to have ? 
Everybody needs to sing more . 
Easter earthquake ....... the big one ? 
I gotta swolen knee and it hurts to walk . The doctor said i got to put the lime in the coconut then shake them both up . 
Like a < PROPFEMALE > pong ball in my knee . Doesn't hurt so much as uncomfortable . No dancing for me for a while . 
Ouch 
Sometimes I feel like holding on to my dreams is a waste of my time . The only reason things turn out good in the movies is because they are in the movies . Then I realize SCREW THAT my dreams will be realized . I will get what I want . HA ! 
Change is coming I can feel it ! 
Anybody going to earth day at balboa park ? 
All you all suckas needs to peep the movie BLACK DYNAMITE 
Going downtown today . Nervous as always . 
Some people know how to manipulate the system . Some people think only of themselves . Some people have so much bitterness within that it turns them ugly . Some people are evil . 
I was infected with hatred and I let it grow . The hatred feeds on my soul . I need to get rid of it without hurting others . I can do this . 
Am in better spirits . Wishing for all my friends a simple smile . 
Thank You 
Thank you all for thinking of me . I have the stomach flu . not the best birthday . 
is getting better all the time . 
\And so the boy cut down her trunk and made a boat and sailed away . \ 
Another day down . One more . Just one more . Three days off with my < PROPFIRST > . 
FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!! \ 
For those who have helped me through the tough times , Thank You . 
Everybody cross your fingers to me movin to a better place , to hgher ground . 
I am over the lazy worthless people i work with . i could throw a rock and hit ten who would love to have their jobs . Happy freakin monday . 
The offer was taken and am in escrow . hopefully moving in aug . 
Last week I was promoted to warehouse manager , cool . 
On friday I went to the fair . I almost got the chocolate covered bacon , then saw the deep fried butter . I opted for the corn dog and fried Zuchinni . I must be getting old . 
< PROPFIRST>' last day of kindergarten is friday . She rocks . 
Finishing the < PROPFEMALE > apps . less than a month away to moving . I am so tired of signing my name . House warming coming soon . 
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there . WE ROCK 
Why cant weekends be five days long and work only two . Everythiing else seems backwards in this world . 
Some times the \what if's\ " and the \ " Suppose things were like that\ " Make me think there are too many people . I think I will have lots of fun waiting to see if humanity can adjust . \ 
BLAH 
Crazy people are crazy . I am not saying i havent lost a marble but DAMN 
Looking forward to tomorrow . FRIDAY !!! 
Court again today , so sick of going . This time it is child support , get to see how much the babys momma will pay me . An arm and a leg would be nice , literally . 
She is a dead beat mom . She decided to go to school full time so that she wouldn't have to pay much for our daughter . She gets to pay less than 200 a month . That is ok with me I AM BUYING A HOUSE ...... HA 
Every Little thing is gona be alright 
nothing 
Kinda mopey lately 
Good getting better 
Camping with < PROPFIRST > , awesome , sunburn . 
Getting prepared for first grade . 
Even a hermit needs to come down from the mountain and say hello . \ 
Sorry to all , getting close to moving . \ 
Of all the things I miss , I miss my friends the most . ( cheese wiz ) 
Ruptured my eardrum this afternoon , in SOOOOOOOO much pain . ouch . 
Better 
Hey , can I get some ........... 
O.K. Going shopping for stuff for the new house . Moving for the next three weekends . \ 
also are you down with O.P.P. ya you know me . 
:( 
Painting today , call me if you can help in the evening ? 
Smiling 
No painting for awhile . Tons of other things , Painting party will be last on the list . 
Going ... going .... going ............. nah still here :P 
Is it better to be picked last or not at all ...... chosen ? then when did I start having mental vomit ? 
Strained my rotator cuff in my shoulder havent slept a full night in over a week . Sooo painful . My daughter told me \dad you are falling apart \"" 
well the x rays didnt find any bone problems . PT starts soon . 
Still hurtin , it cant hurt forever ..... right ? 
No new tale to tell 
Getting better i think . 
Road rage lady rearended my car . battery went dead . friends helped . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Paintings almost done , move in this weekend ? 
Moving saturday or sunday , me thinks i could get help on sunday . 
Sometimes a whisper is the loudest thing you have ever heard . :) 
BOO 
Sooooo tired of moving all the little things . Almost done . 
Life is good to me . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status ! 
Good times are coming , I can feel it . 
Wrapped presents for Paris ..... can you say < PROPFEMALE > . She has me wrapped around her pretty little finger . 
N.F.L. efilnikcufecin 
Smile 
Wall fell in back yard . Mudslide . No damage to house .... wheew 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Love you all . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you all 
Back to work . grumble grumble . 
Life is good . I AM THE FRESH < PROPMALE > OF EL CAJON 
Thank you all for making this year a good one . I hope I have put some smiles on your faces . 
Life is just a distraction that keeps most from their dreams . A lucky few can bring the two together . Stop being distracted ! 
Hard to be soft , tough to be tender . 
If I could I would make farts sound like laughter and shoot glitter out .... just saying . 
Filed my taxes ....... getin paid hehehehehehhehehehehehhehe trouble 
Emotions are like waves . You can't stop them , You can't keep them , They are always different , and they are affected by lunar cycle . 
Going for a bike ride with < PROPFIRST > at lake murray .... fun :) 
I can do laundry without going to the laundry mat for the first time in 15 years , maybe more . The puzzle comes together . 
Sometimes i cannot express myself through words and music always works , thank you all for putting up with me . ;) 
... now if i could only figure out a way to .............. 
Hmmm now what can I do ? 
I am what i am , and thats all that i am ........ well maybe more :) 
Hello world it me again , 
St , Paddys fest at balboa park tomorrow ... wish i had a kilt , hahhahahah chicken legs 
So my daughter tells me this joke this morning , \ 
How do you wake up Lady Gaga ?........ Poke her face . HA 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day everybody ...... Pogue < PROPFEMALE > Hoan 
Smile , I am . 
Just saw Hot tub Time Machine .... LMFAF 
just got two tickets to magic mountain . Muahhahahahahahha cough cough :) 
Too lazy to do anything responsible today . Maybe i will just empty those beers and call it nap time . 
A truth about me , I am scared to do the things that I can do . I feel like people will recognize only those accomplishments . I only want people to see me , not my actions . Now you know . 
< PROPFIRST > has a dress rehearsal for her hip hop class today . Cool . 
