^ < 2011 > ^ Lets make it a good one 

needa find a ride to work tomorrow bout to crash in a few , something on my mnd gotta think shit over 
There Is Nothing Better Than Good Weather , Meat Cookin On Da Grill , Family , And Cold Beer ..... Fuck Yeah 
Got a Day Off Tomorrow , Gonna Go Clubin Tonight And Get Fucked UUUP , yeah < PROPMALE > 
I Got Me A Shiney < PROPFEMALE > 
Workin Doubles For The Weekend , Still Goin Out On Sat . Though . Club Chrome Get ' Em 
5 Dollar spot today baller .. I'll see yall there 
Getting My College Application Done 
Works A Bitch !! Have to do 38 hours in three days 
Last Night Was A Trip , Don't Know Whats poppin Tonight 
Mahn I am just frustrated with these fake ass bitches n the world 
Work Today till 9 , After wards It's what ever . Prolly gonna go out n chill with da people , get drunk 
< PROPFEMALE > & ashums are the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit !!!! wooooo ! 
lol my homegirls are funny 
Day Off ttime to kick it 
Gonna go make some quik money , yall hit me up round 4 if ya talkin bout chillin 
Got An Idea ? Don't know If Ishould But I Got An Idea 
Bad Idea but Ima Be Happy 
Mayn My Boi < PROPFIRST > Thowin a party Next Friday ( da 9th ) , Keg , Bottles , < PROPFEMALE > ... Snacks ? Haaa Let Me Kno We Gonna Do it BIG 
My Stomach Hurts 
4th Of July Time To Bar-b-que n all .... Goot A New Phone So Yall Hit Me Up With A Name and Number 210-273-5158 
hurt my fuckin back 
Chillin , Gotta go to SAC Tomorrow 
Chillaxin , kicking it 
Tierd , working 9 to 3 
Big party tomorrow . All girls are cool , men well pay at door unless contributing , erthing starts at 10 . Hit me up for info 
It's Goin down tonight 
heading to work , textin with < PROPFEMALE > 
At Work 
Work 
Chillin at < PROPMALE > millers MUNCHIN !!! 
Off Work gonna go home and chill 
Work all day , sleep all nigt 
Tryna clean Up , but its a slow process 
cleansing 
Chillin Bro 
LIFE ? 
Your such a effin Luuser 
Some people just dont set any standards , And Some Just Dont see What they Got o have ... I Do Both 
at da clinic , might need some stiches 
Port Aransas in 2weeks 
Enjoying A Beast ass Breafast Crossant Before Work 
Ready to get off Work n chill 
Workin and Getting Paid 
Finished at sac , bout get on some pollo loco 
You be up on erthing other hoes ain't ever on it 
I Think I Done Fucked Up 
College , Ell Yea !!! Im Doin It 
Sleep-work-sleep ... that's my schedule for the weekend 
Court Today 
< PROPFEMALE > sea , then home 
Loving my life right now hahahaaa 
Do WORK BABY !! All Day SOHN !! 6Flagin 
No Mas Aqui Pasando el Tiempo 
Clean .. no weed , no cigs , no drugs ... cutting the alcohol 
Gonna hit the work out , eat , then the mall 
Nothing really as it seems , yeah i shouldve known that . Thought i called an Angel , Devils had my phone Tapped 
Confused on a certain subject , don't kno bout it to much 
??? 
Getting my head correct 
This shit was all i knew 
I good bein 1deep and these girls be liking a meskin , but mayn what's up with her , she just cut yur boy off ?? 
7days till first day of college 
Im Bored 
Goin to work all day today , 9 to 11 
break tyme 
Back on , workin till 11 
Working on the Car for A minute ,,, Hit A Meskin Up 
Mayn school starts on monday ! i needa hit the bunny-room n get throed this friday 
Trying to be better for me , them , and you ... 
just finished cleaning the car , bout to hit the bank 
lol courage the cowardly dog and Chowder all day , chillin with my people later 
i hungry 
needa find a ride to like chuy's or salsalitos , ihungry 
Motivated For Greatness , Ambitious To Succeed , Determined to Accomplish ... I Will Proceed To Leave an Impression on this World So That I Am Never Forgotten . 
off at eleven , Ready for school tomorrow 
First day of college goin good , so far . Goin to spanish now 
Already got my text book , payed part of my tuition , now to figure out how im gettin to SAC tomorrow 
College is goin good so far , just need to make sure evrythinng gettin paid for 
wtf where did this rain come from no where 
out off kickboxing now headin to s\ 
\ 
panish class ... feeling good doin good 
Where are all my people at , no1 hits a meskin up nemore 
Mayn Fuck My Car , Its A Waist of Money mahn . I Need to Sell it N Get Myself a Truck 
at last time to get home , work at five 
work till 11 tonight 
Clean-up My Act Write A Few Violent Song But They Wavk Like < PROPMALE > Rice With New Balance On ... Sober Life Is fuckin Wack 
i got a puppy 
pit-huahua 
brass monkey , that funky monkey 
bout to give my puppy a bath 
my puppy better than yours hahahaaaaa 
named my puppy Rascal , my lil s.a. gettin dewormed 
Heading To School , up a lil to early but i got tacos 
Headinborn back to da crib , can't wait to see how much Rascal shit in my room >:{ 
free pitbull/chihuahua puppies lookin for homes 
Mayn !!! Bout to be 20years old . Thinkin bout throwing myself a badass party like in the past but shit ... im gonna be the only 1 sober 
classes got cancled 
Got math next , i need like a cup of coffee , a monster , some aderal and a line ... I'm tired bro 
we thinkin river , barbque , n party this monday for my birthday 
Bar-B-que 
workin all day redy to go home , got 3 more hours ... gonna chill for tonight 
outta work gonna go buy some supplies for tomorrow 
gotta work till 3 , then of to culebra meat market and get the grill started 
goin to the heb store for some grocery 
found something ... hhmm 
Thank you everybody for makin today so good , really enjoyd my bday and Thank ya'll for showing me love 
mayn this is some Bullshit , ima have to catch the via in the rain 
mayn fuck this rain , i got fuckin soaked 
So i have a hour to burn so I'ma go donate blood for a shirt lol ... Gotta go get my puppy his shots today 
Holy shit ! 4th kind just tripped me out ... Life will Not be da same 
Maury or Chowder ?? What to watch lol 
WTF !!! They're Makin A Yogi Bear Movie , Ahh Ell Yea lol 
So I'm the Fake Shyste Punk huh , How bout < PROPFEMALE > i Had to get your back back when , how Bout when you got in my face but backdown when i got hype . I swear these peons need a lesson taught to em , or maybe they just need to remember who's real n who's Fake 
AA Class is Some Funny Shit 
Ran into some pictures that had me thinkin a lot , just took a minute to sit down and remines ... Mexico , Middle School , My lil bro n sis ... New Ohleans . Ah Funny thinking bout the bs i seen 
mayn usher got em ! lol 
If being a Scrub is the new cool , Well I Guess I'm just luuser 
I don't need no friends , I don't need no brawd ... I Can Do Bad on My Own 
Feels like my mind is playing tricks on me 
See it , Want It , Buy It , Own It ... This is the I Ball 
College Made Meskin 
i just hope that you miss me when ever I'm gone 
I Wanna Send a Mad Kill yourself To All The Peole That Don't Hit Me Up Anymore Just Because I Don't Be Buying Beer For Yall Or Drinking With Yall ... No Need to Mention Names , Weak People Kno they Wrong 
I Wanna Send a Kill Yourself To These Guy's Tongue-Kissing Stripper , Kill Yourself 
Kill Yourself !! lol 
Got a new bed , who wanna come check it out 
Do Work Baby !! All Day Baby , All Day !! 
Out of school , time for work 
my car is shit ... ima get me a truck 
Coach Done Got Em !!!! haaa 
Fuck That ranch party , I'm a Go Party Hoppin with my girls 
am i the only 1 up this early 
Got class at lakeview today , then gotta call the recruiting office . afterwards got some money to be made 
Chillin Gettin Tipsy haa nigguh to early for thish but fuck It ... Money 
Boh-bob-Bobby Bushay 
Sushi Go Hard ... gotta get back to da crib cold outside 
Clases at sac today , the weather goin hard 
stay up UT , Every1 going there keep your heads up n be safe . God will be there for yall 
Hooka Bar 
chillin like a mug , no work no school , gonna go hard on em today 
chillin with my dog 
mayn im a be late for class 
Mayn ya boi almost missed his bus , lol chased this mufycka down to the next stop haa straight chopped it n caught it lol 
sleep 
my puppy chewd up my phone charger , no phone until i get a new 1 
yea < PROPMALE > got a new charger phone back on 
tierd need some sleeps 
Today Was Good Day , On The Real ... Chilled With My People N My Puppy , Good Weather , Super Nachos(Ell YEAH ) , N Basketball ... Mayne !!! To Good To Be True 
Tacos then off to my last class 
If Crunk Was a . 44 , Id Be A Pump ... Yeah They Mad Cause Im on My Own Agenda , But I Say Fuck'em 
My Soul Is On Firyaaaaa 
walking my dog , watching the lightning 
You better stop talkin before you get drop-kicked in the chest and stomped in the nuts hoe 
mayne i hate thursdayS . but i love cheddar bacon wedges from jac-n-box . 
class ..... 
mayne i need some sleeps , for real 
power nap and then gonna finish this double 
gonna give the pup a bath n clean the room 
Yea Im Dog , But shit dog's get lonely too ... and although im gettin me im still tryna find her , ya dig 
dear lord oh jesus , please protect and care for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , n the children 
mayn what's good with everybody who wanna get down on some sports next week , basketball , football , kickball , n baseball next week ? Holla at me , tryna get like the whole northeast together 
Feels like time is slipping away 
You're contagious , touch me baby , give me what you got ( sex ) sexy lady drive me crazy , drive me wild ... \ 
( And I just can't believe this shit ) 
We Don't Have to Worry Bout The Money , To Have Us A Real Good Time . If your cool then I'm cool , and we're cool 
midnight dig walking 
Gonna shower , power-nap , then go out later 
zro or drake ? 
ok ok ok , popeyes or church's chicken 
We Are Built To Conquer Environment , Solve Problems , and Achieve Goals ... We Will Find No Satisfaction Or Happiness In Life With Out Obstacles to Conquer Or Goals To Achieve 
got punched in the nose by some chick lol fuck that hoe 
Gotta do community service at Animal defense league 
I Love Haters , They make Me look better with they bitchin 
serving the community ... 4 more hours 
bout to open a Can of whoop-ass on your candyass jabroni , i am the peoples champ 
I Smell Success 
fuck mayn , rangers mahn .. Rangers 
Smelling Success , Taking in the < PROPFEMALE > , Shittin Pefection 
i gave a homeless guy a 20 , told em to go buy beer n have a good day ... He bought a chicken sandwich smh 
time to do work baby , yall hit me up later 
lost my heart in louisiana , sold my soul in texas , found my head back home but no love for a meskin 
what's goin down tonight facebook 
i think outside da box 
I Ain't Hearin ' Nun Of That 
What Type Of Games Is Being Played , Hows It Goin Down ? If It's On Till It's Gone , Then I Got To Know Now . Is You With Me Or Whar ? 
I'd like to send out a\kill yourself\ " to the World . World Kill yourself " 
On The Real Sometimes I Think Im Goin Crazy ... 
Getting to Class , Then To The Recruiting Office , Make Some side Money , N kick it With my girls ... World Kill Yourself 
12:45 Bout That time .. this shit Crazy .. lose my mind 
12:45 Bout That time .. this shit Crazy , lose my mind 
Good Morning Everybody , Ya'll Have Good Day Mayne 
I think Ima Need 2Cans of Whoop-ass For This One 
always wondered what expensive champagne bout , so ima go get me a bottle o 2 , se what's up 
Milk N Cookies ?? I Want Some Stake N Shrimp ! This ish Not Satisfying 
I Love Girls , Girls , Girls , Girls . Girls I Do Adore , So Put Your Number On This Paper Cuz I'd Sure Loved To Date Ya 
jerkIn ?? look a bit like retardation , that o i don't get it ... nuck it though im good wiTh bein an asshole 
lol i don't kno how but big red n peanuts got rid of my hangover 
Pacquiao vs . < PROPMALE > 
Mayne < PROPMALE > !?! Manny Done Got Em .... Pacquiao A Beast , had to watch the fight on the internet at home but glad i got to watch it . Shout Out For My < PROPMALE > Fans 
You Ain't gotta lie to kick it booboo 
Ya'll Don't Understand , I Ain't Scared of You Mufuckas ... 
Attention Females Looking For Work ! We Are hiring At La < PROPFEMALE > Off 281 & 1604 
Girls lookin for Work go apply at La < PROPFEMALE > in Northwoods , We're hiring 
Complement The Women Around You More , Low Self-esteem Is The Lead Cause Of Hoedom ... I See It All The Time ... But no really compliment them , most females deserve to feel good about themselves 
Made some Sweat Tea , Got a Big Cup , gave my pup a scoop of peanut butter , went outside n just chilled ... Taken time to enjoy the lil things can be more productive than watchin tv or BSin with everybody . 
Takin ' trips , and buyin ' gifts , I'm sorry I'm not on that tip\ 
If you want romance you should just stick to who you are already with\ 
If you in that mood you can hit me on that late night tip 
sleeps 
Yeah i go hard 
working all day baby , all day !! chingao 
good morning everybody , yall have a good day naw 
Got My Work out Done , liking the results . Week 3 abs gettin more define n arms n chest seem slightly larger , sore as ell though 
body is worn out time for some rest 
Good Moning Everybody ... Why dont you make someones day n Complement somebody . 
Bout to get some shoes 
no work tilll sat 
Food !!!! 
Do not seek the Cause , You will die seeking the cuase , Die seeking the cuase not knowing that the cuase is you ... 
Good Weather n Sweet Tea , \Like\ " this if you can dig " 
writing 
I'm supposed to stop but I can't ( Uh-huh ) I'ma dog ( Yea ! ) , I love ... n im addicted to money cars n clothes 
I Just Want the Paper 
To Get On Your Level ? I'd Need to Step Down More Than A Few Steps . If ANything You Should Be On My Level ... I'm Just Sayin Though lol 
The absence of evidence , Is NOT The EVidence of Absence 
Wish I Could Go Back In Time N Enjoy They're Company Again . Friends that are gone , Friends That Have Moved , N Firends that Have Moved on 
Is It CArtoon Day Or What ??? Why Is Everybody Putting Cartoons As There Defualts ??? 
Alright This Cartoon Started Something , Looney Tunes Or Disney Tunes ??? 
Out My Face 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Run With It Or Fall Behind 
No Need To Stress 
What If Heaven Was Hell N Vice Versa ? (yeahh !! ) If I Told You To Go To Ell , Would You Say That I Cursed Ya ? 
needa sleep got finals tomorrow 
Good Mornin Everybody . It's cold outside 
Taking my finals today then go do something Prolly hit da mall 
I Think I Compliment These Females Too Much ... Lol They Kno They Enjoy it Though 
Hold em up whats with this number thing ?? 
Girl the back of your head is ridiculous ! 
I Believe The lords most beautiful creation is the Human Female Body ... In most Cases ( not Tryna be mean ) lol 
Already !! Done With All My Finals 
my puppy lost his first milk tooth(baby tooth ) 
Haaduuken !! 
nothing < PROPFEMALE > t through today , i hate < PROPFEMALE > plans don't follow through , got some new shoes though 
hop up out of bed , turn the light on . Take a look at the toilet , take a pee . Yeeahh !!! 
im not conceited , im confident . not emotional , passionate . Give more than i Take , love more than i hate . Smile now cry later . Shawty love me now hate me later 
I do Me No Matter n Whenever 
Hate me now , You kno What Go Ahead And Hate Me Twice 
Ginobili !!! Got Em Again ?? Ell Yea !! 
i don't kno bout yall but i like bein original , ya dig 
last night was fun with da fam .. Congrats to my sis and bro-in-law < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Ardila , yalls weding went hard lol 
BUUUUURRRRRR !!! 
If I Was Pookie , Id help You Burn This mutherf**ker Down 
Sometimes you just gotta wait for it , instead of tryna rush everything , ya dig 
having myself a blue christmas 
Sometimes it feels like I need a Superwoman to help ME save myself from MYSELF . To Help A Dude Correct Himself , ya kno ... Sometimes life just seems like it would be better if you had a partner , ya dig 
Alright Hypothetically , Who Would You Fight ? Who Would You F**k ? Koolaid OR Sweet Tea ?? 
bout to get cut up . Get a fresh fade goin , then money time , uh ya dig 
Bdough get em !! 
jaa my lil primo from mexico , no speak english , lol likes the song \slob on my nob\ " lmao " 
its like a pancake wrapd around a sausage link playuur . Its a breakfast corndog and they go hard !! Go get you some balluur they're only a $1 for 2 at da heb . 
Lol back to sleeps , every1 have a good morning ima sleep thru it for once 
right mu'fucka , ikno you have that pic for the Girls n all bro ... But don't be sending a meskin a request with you in chones as a defualt . lol That ain't cool bro . I don't think any dude in da right mind could dig that . Idc how good you kno em , that ish just ain't right .. SMDH 
Hate it Or Love it . The Underdog On Top 
Try n keep up , Ya dig 
I ain't scared ... Plain n simple 
Bravo !! 
Get da Fade up , jog back to da crib , n then wait on < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > . Money time is always now ... 
Burrr !!! lol < PROPFEMALE > outsidE 
\Man I get So many girls in my bed they should call me bitches ! \ " ... \ " WTF ?!? I Ain't callin no grown Man Bitches ! Whats Wrong With you \"" 
Taking The Family dog to da vet here in a few , he isn't lookin to good 
Having to put him down wasn't a surprise , hearing the words hurt n threw me off . But what bothered me more was the fact that i couldn't do more for him . I wish we were less negligent and treated him the way a family member should have been treated ... I'm going to have our dog , Trooper , put to sleep this Wednesday ... 
Im just in it to win 
Throed off meskin swagger ?? lol what yall kno bout that 
ny or da heat ?? let me kno 
Man I get So many girls in my bed they should call me bitches ! \ ... \ " WTF ?!? I Ain't callin no grown Man Bitches ! Whats Wrong With you\ " lmao " 
A F*CKING sHARK aTE mE !!! 
The Almighty Moose !!!! 
mayn !!! 50 piece mcnugget for $10 and Big Dipper Pizza for $12 ?!? Whats with these deals lol 
iShit Perfection 
Popeye The Sailor MaYYYN !!! lol 
time for work .... 
chillin with da nephew bout to eat some macaroni and cheese with ham and pimparonie lol icook beastly 
Gotta Love Da Fam mahn .. Monterrey to the Duece-Dime all the way up to Funkytown , We are connected , ya dig 
Fresh off work , idk what Ima do tonight ... 
Damn son !! the house down the street burned down .. got off work n there was like 3 fire trucks 
\lol You dumber than nails\ " .. \ " Like A Hammer\ " .. ??? lol what ?? " 
DVR Baby !! Cant watch the game today , cause you know some of us work for the money , so ima record that ish lol 
watchin da cartoons n feasting on some peanut butter n oatmeal cookies sandwiches , with milk . bout to hit work up in a few 
time for work ... bout to cook the f**k out some crepes and sandwiches !! Bout to hit wally-world first get some juice 
Yeah im pretty cool\ 
lol 
4 words of wisdom for you midnight eaters or late night drunks , \Bacon Cheddar Potato Wedges \"...." 
\Even if Was jumped By Abunch of barbers I still couldn't be faded !! \ " Bout to get fade up n hit da scene " 
Drinkin a Bottle n Bumpin Some Music , Some Project < PROPFIRST > N Three 6 Mafia 
P . W . A 
cutting down on expenses and planing out some moves 
I only eat the red Crayons , cause they taste the best ( yeah !! ) ... lmfao 
Good morning every one , hope ya'll have a great day . Be productive and have some fun 
Bout to see whats good with this security job tomorrow .. Today just chill n get my money booboo 
Damn i just wreckd shop on some ihop ! Chicken Fried Steak mashtatoes n brocoli , Banana strawberry pancakes , and a pickle !!! 
Im not good at bein normal , just can't do it ... 
Extremely Unnecessary , But Completely Worth it lol ... I Aint Scared !!! 
large 2topping pizza for $5.99 , ell yeah 
\Twisted off the urb 
You don't understand , I ain't scared of you muf**Kahs 
I wish i could say all the right things , but that just aint me :/ 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen Is my Boi , I dont care what they say ... that dude go hawrd lol 
Short cuts are for slackers 
La t night was wild !! lol Got throed partied hard n i didn't even open my bottle ! yeah !!!! l < PROPFEMALE > 
Bout to get me n my nephew faded up at Rodneys 
Damn it got a double tomorrow ... but at least i got some parties n things planndd out n all for da night 
wish we ould be there to welcome our new addition to the family ... Aubree < PROPFIRST > , my new born neice 
say who ever got da xbox live on 360 send me yalls name things , just copped me a membership thing 
\Rock n roll ganstahh ( rocknroll gangstah)\ 
F*ck all the rest man . i swang the < PROPFEMALE > toy , \I hate you jodi !! \ " Watchin Babyboy !!! -- lmao Fat B go hawrd " 
You just a lil too special huh ? lol 
bout to hit da pool , then nack to the damn fence 
army maybe , navy probably .. idk yet 
< PROPFEMALE > , real people got it real talk ... but of course theres a moment , limit , n line in which it well be lost .. Ignorance , everybody got it 
All that and a bottle of < PROPMALE > P 
Got a lOt off love for ya , but sometimes the ish you say annoys me ... 
