I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , And that enables you to laugh at life's realities . -- Dr. Seuss <3 

Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice . From what I've tasted of < PROPFEMALE > I hold with those who favor fire . But if it had to perish twice , I think I know enough of hate to say that for destruction ice is also great and would suffice . -- < PROPFIRST > Frost <3 
Forgiveness comes hard to many people about a lot of things ... but the only way we could ever have the right to not forgive others is if we've never had to ask for forgiveness for ourselves . Which means that no one has the right to keep a grudge because everyone makes mistakes . It's what makes us human . ( On another note : working on scholarship essays -- text me if you need me ) 
Waste . Of . Time . 
< PROPFIRST > Neutron is pretty awesome . Just saying . Haven't seen this movie in years ! :D ( On a darker note : Econ homework is killer ) 
When you love someone like that , when you give what you can't take back . When you love with all your heart and soul , its so hard to let it go . ( < PROPFEMALE > McEntire <3 ) [[ amazing song . ]] 
Well most likely this is going to be my last status update until Sunday night . I'm leaving to go to Disney World ( again ) with my family tomorrow . Hope you all have a good rest of the week and if something happens feel free to text me . Goodnight ! 
I'm on my way home ! :D 
I am home finally . :) I loved my vacation , but the one thing I am really going to miss was the beds . Haha 
Well I love that tech has spring break and everything .. but I would much rather both of my spring breaks to come at the same time ... the point of spring break is to not have to go to school . haha . 
What can you do when your good isn't good enough ? When all you touch tumbles down ? ' Cause my best intentions keep making a mess of things , I just wanna fix it somehow ... but how many times will it take ? Oh how many times will it take for me to get it right ?.. I can't go back and undo this . I have to stay and face my mistakes , but if I get stronger and wiser I'll get through this . I'll get it right . 
home tomorrow . Finally ! :D 
Dear time , would you please stop moving so fast while I'm sleeping ? I would like to not feel like crap when I wake up . Thanks . 
Finally finished with homework . Getting my hair dyed tomorrow and then picking up my prom dress after rehearsal . :) Can't wait for this weekend ! 
I love awesome people . :) 
IM totally the worst staller ever !!! I mean jesus cristo 
< PROPFEMALE > was amazing . A lot better than I thought it would be . :) Everyone did an amazing job and all that hard work definitely paid off . Prom is tomorrow and I bet that is going to be amazing too . :) Goodnight everyone ! 
Prom was amazing . :) Before and after . I was with amazing people all night long and I even got to see Grace Lewallen come out of her shell and learn how to dance to fast music . :P I love you all . Especially a certain goober who made this night so special . Well have to work tomorrow . Goodnight everyone ! 
I'm going away for a while but I'll be back don't try and follow me . Cause I'll return as soon as possible . See I'm trying to find my place , but it might not be here where I feel safe . We all learn to make mistakes and run from them with no direction . We'll run from them with no conviction . Cause I'm just one of those ghosts . Traveling endlessly . Don't need no roads . In fact the follow me , and we just go in circles . 
I really wish this storm would go away right now ... 
Yay surround sound ! Keeps all outside noises away . Haha 
Today was very good . :) Now for some well needed rest to take on the day that tomorrow will without a doubt bring . Goodnight . 
So much has happened in such little time ... Wow . That's all I can really say . lol . 
paper .. ughh . 
Rest in peace Granny . I love you . At least you aren't suffering anymore . <3 
Stay with me , baby stay with me , tonight don't leave me alone . Walk with me , come and walk with me , to the edge of all we've ever known . Well , I'm not sure what this is gonna be , but with my eyes closed all I see is the skyline through the window . The < PROPFEMALE > above you and the streets below . Hold my breath as you're moving in , taste your lips and feel your skin . When the time comes , baby don't run , just kiss me slowly . <3 
We're all okay until the day we're not . The surface shines while the inside rots . We raced the sunset and we almost won . We slammed the brakes but the wheels went on . We ran away .... <3 
You with the sad eyes don't be discouraged . Oh I realize it's hard to take courage in a world full of people . You can lose sight of it all and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small . But I see your true colors shining through . I see your true colors and that's why I love you . So don't be afraid to let them show your true colors . True colors are beautiful , like a rainbow . <3 
Now that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of Jupiter in her hair . hey , She acts like summer and walks like rain , reminds him that there's a time to change . hey , Since the return from her stay on the < PROPFEMALE > , she listens like spring and she talks like June , hey hey hey .... Tell me , did you fall for a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ? One without a permanent scar and then you missed me while looking for yourself out there ? <3 Train 
I am not a fool , and it comes straight down to your p's and q's . And mister I think you have me all wrong ' cause at the end of every day I like to lay my head your way and listen to your heart sing . All I'm trying to say is that whatever you do it's okay , ' cause baby I'll stay with you . I'll stay with you . <3 < PROPFEMALE > Perri 
( You only know what I want you to .. ) I know everything you don't want me to .. ( Oh your mouth is poison your mouth is wine ) Oh you think your dreams are the same as mine ... Oh I don't love you but I always will .. Oh I don't love you but I always will . I don't love you , but I always will ... I always will . <3 TheCivilWars 
I just want to hold your hand . < PROPFEMALE > on every word you say . Let's write a song for us and sing it till we're old and gray . Forget me not , my dear , my darling\ 
forget me not , my love . I'm coming home real soon .. Please leave a light on for me , tell me that you'll always be true and you'll be the only one for me . ? 
If the world ends .. I hope you're here with me . I think we could laugh just enough to not die in pain . If the world ends , it won't finish you . You're not the type they can capture , You flit like a fly catcher and they can't pin you down . :) 
Is it love tonight ? Can we get it right ? Yeah , can we get it right ? Cause these are the days worth living . These are the years we're given and these are the moments , these are the times . Lets make the best out of our lives , even if hope was shattered I know it wouldn't matter . Cause these are the moments , these are the times . Lets make the best of our lives . <3 
Secret love , my escape , take me far far away . Secret love , are you there ? Will you answer my prayer ? Please take me anywhere but here .. Anywhere but here . <3 MaydayParade 
Massive headache . Gone to bed . Text me if you need me . 
I had a great time tonight with DarylLeigh Conner , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Grace Lewallen , and < PROPFIRST > Versluys at Aroma tonight ! :) Great music by Not All There and amazing coffee . I couldn't have asked for a better evening . I love you guys ! <3 
Tonight was amazing . Now it is time for bed . Goodnight world ! 
And all I can taste is this moment .. and all I can breathe is your life . Cause sooner or later it's over , I just don't want to miss you tonight . And I don't want the world to see me .. Cause I don't think that they'd understand , when everything's made to be broken .. I just want you to know who I am . <3 
Gone to bed . Beach trip tomorrow . Can't wait !! Goodnight everyone ! 
The beach was amazing !! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Versluys , DarylLeigh Conner , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > Cooper for making it so ! It's about time for bed , so I guess goodnight facebook . Work at 8:30 in the morning . Text me if you need me ! 
I just got a letter from the White House . That's pretty cool . :) 
And all the roads we have to walk along are winding .. and all the lights that lead us there are blinding .. There are many things that I would like to say to you , but I don't know how . Because maybe you're gonna be the one who saves me .. and after all .. you're my Wonderwall . <3 
Time together is just never quite enough .. ( When you and I are alone , I’ve never felt so at home ... ) What will it take to make or break this hint of love ? ( We need time , only time .. ) When we’re apart whatever are you thinking of ? ( If this is what I call home , why does it feel so alone ? ) So tell me darling , do you wish we’d fall in love ? ( All the time , all the time ... ) ? 
We can live like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > if we want . <3 
Ever get that amazing feeling that happens when you've been terribly worried about something and then find out that it's going to work in your favor after all ? Well I have it right now and I could not be happier in this moment . :) 
Maybe , I need to see the daylight , to leave behind this half-life . Don't you see I'm breaking down ? Lately , something here don't feel right , this is just a half-life . Is there really no escape , no escape from time , of any kind ... come on lets fall in love . <3 
Sometimes I love when unexpected things happen . :) It just makes my day . Anyways , gone to the other house . Text me if you need me . 
I guess it was great while it lasted . :) Had a wonderful day/evening . 
I hope every dad out there had a great father's day ! :) 
Benadryl in the morning is a no no from now on . I'm not ever going to make that mistake again . This has been a lesson learned . Goodnight everyone ! 
Funn night tonight . Oh and my sister was awesome ( of course ! ) at her swim meet . :) She kicked some serious butt . haha 
Even the best fall down sometimes ... even the wrong words seem to rhyme . Out of the doubt that fills your mind you finally find , You and I collide . <3 
Freedom Writers . <3 
Gone to work . Text me if you need me ! 
Have faith in me ... I said I'd never let you go , and I never did . I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it . If you didn't have this < PROPMALE > then I never did .. You'll always find me right there , again . 
Gone to work from 1:30 to 5:30 . Text me if you need me ! :) 
You have to love a nation that celebrates its independence every July 4 , not with a parade of guns , tanks , and soldiers who file by the White House in a show of strength and muscle , but with family picnics where kids throw Frisbees , the potato salad gets iffy , and the flies die from happiness . You may think you have overeaten , but it is patriotism . ~ Erma Bombeck 
Love don’t run , love don’t hide . It won't turn away or back down from a fight . Baby I’m right here and I ain't going anywhere . Love’s too tough it wont give up no not on us ... Baby love don’t run . 
Scars remind us of where we've been . They don't have to dictate where we're going . 
Today I don't feel like doing anything . I just wanna lay in my bed . Don't feel like picking up my phone , so leave a message at the tone . ' Cause today I swear I'm not doing anything ( other than going to work for 6 hours . ) :P 
Really just has too much on her mind . Like normal . Just waiting for the time when everything will be just completely simple . Simple sounds very nice , though it won't ever happen .. 
I'm done pretending , it's about time you stop too . 
After a fun night it is finally time for bed . < PROPMALE > Potter was amazing . Goodnight everyone ! 
It's something unpredictable but in the end is right ... I hope you have the time of your life . <3 
So I got a new phone , same number , but I need everyone's < PROPFIRST > again . Just text it to me if you want . Thanks ! 
Gauntlet 2011 !! 
You're only broken on the outside . You're shivering , but the warmth will come back . It's hard to see beyond hindsight when all regrets fade in from black ... Did the promise of day , turn cold in the night ? You are the light . All you have is your name , but the air is alive , you are the light . I believe in you . 
What have I gotten into this time around ? I know that I had sworn I'd never trust anyone again , but I didn't have to ... you had me at hello . ( ADTR <3 ) 
My best friend is home !!! :D 
Well ... It's time to go be a freshman .. Again . :P 
Headache . Ugh . :( 
I got my little girls today and we are off to see Spy Kids ! :) Text me if you need me ! 
So tired , work from 1 to 6:30 today .. hope it isn't too bad . 
There are awesome people in my life right now . :) I'm so thankful for them . 
\The hero is commonly the simplest and obscurest of men . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau . Those who lost their lives on this day trying to help the victims of the 9/11 attacks will forever be heroes in my eyes . Those who have dedicated their lives to keep our country safe and who are still fighting 10 years later are our heroes and they deserve nothing less than that . So to all the heroes out there I have one thing to say ... thank you . " 
Shower , then doctor . I am really getting tired of this whole crappy immune system thing . Just sayin . 
I really really hope I do well today ! :) 
Ready for the beach !! :D 
Beach bound ! :) Text or call if you need me ! Peace ! <3 
So I have established that I could not be a mother yet . IF I even still want children after this week . Thanks Mom ! ( < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Sweeney < PROPMALE > . <3 
Nothing's gonna harm you , not while I'm around . Nothing's gonna harm you , no sir , not while I'm around . Demons are prowling everywhere , nowadays , I'll send ' em howling , I don't care , I got ways . No one's gonna hurt you , no one's gonna dare . Others can desert you , not to worry , whistle , I'll be there . ? Sweeney < PROPMALE > . 
One last kiss .. before I go .. Dry your tears , it is time to let you go ... One last kiss . ( Forever . <3 ) 
I was just another promise you couldn't keep . Read between the lines , we can't give in this time . Just let me go for now I'll be just fine don't you know ? don't you know ? Now that I'm back on my own . <3 
Gone to work ! Text me if you need me ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Hour . <3 ( TheCivilWars ) 
You had my heart , at least for the most part ... ' cause everybody's gotta die sometime . We fell apart , let's make a new start ... ' cause everybody's gotta die sometime Yeah , yeah , but baby don't cry . ( <3 AvengedSevenfold . ) 
Thank you to all those who are risking their lives to keep our country and our freedom safe . To all of my military men thank you and I love y'all . <3 you know who you are . 
And all the roads we have to walk along are winding ... and all the lights that lead us there are blinding . There are many things that I would like to say to you , but I don't know how .. because maybe , you're gonna be the one who saves me ? And after all .. you're my wonderwall . <3 
Ready for a fun weekend with a Mr. < PROPFIRST > Bass & Family . :) 
