is 22 . geez . 

got into the first wreck of my life today but will and I are ok . and the retarded girl who thought she had a turn arrow ... about two minutes after it had turned off . 
Straight No Chaser Auditions ! Thursday and Friday at 8 at the Music Annex . Get your butts there . 
wants the world to know that if there isn't a man waiting for you at the end of the rainbow , then come to my room ;) 
Straight No Chaser auditions TONIGHT ! at the Music Annex Building at 7:30 . 
so I have decided to be a baseball fan this year . Opening day ! One game down only ..... wait how many more games to go ?!?! Ok never mind . I quit . 
not my fault , i swear . 
shauny's bachelor party . epic . 
is trying to figure out how its possible that my head is on fire , but the rest of my body feels like im laying in ice . Oh , and also trying to figure out why tylenol pm doesn't take care of my fever , or let me go to sleep . yay to dying . 
still exhausted but my fever finally broke . Thank God . 
oh < PROPFIRST > hes a hotshot . hes doing the easy version ... easier . hes makin contact , elbow thigh ! - ab ripper x jerk . 
a-team is awesome . the end . 
Dear second session , you suck . sincerely , me . 
Wanna know an awesome feeling ? Looking at your assignments for French , then turning to them in your workbook and seeing that they are already done . Score one for me . 
is back in the haute . yippy skippy . 
you know that feeling where you're not asleep , but you know you should be ? Every night . 
alright four day week . Too bad its the busiest week ever . cool . 
french test here i come . oh no ... 
is rockin the facebook right now . 
Im making an executive decision . Running . Sucks . 
I wanna quit the gym . Everything you have is really heavy !! 
its wednesday night . What do you guys wanna do ? 
One week of class , moving and homelessness . Score . 
is unpacked . ish . finally . if anybody wants to chill come over . just text me . 
I just realized that I moved closer to taco < PROPFEMALE > . I think I will definitely regret this . 
had a little nap , so now I'm awake and full of energy for a big night of .... watching tv . oh yeah . 
I don't understand why , but every time its on , I end up watching undercover brother . Its just so awesome . 
okay . having a pool is the best thing ever . 
you know when you re-experience things from your childhood and they aren't as good as you remember ? Its good to know that PB&J's arent that way . 
well , my 2 weeks of summer were pretty awesome . The beginning of the end . 
soooo trying to be a good guy is not worth it . And for those who disagree , three punches to the face proves it . 
I love the fact that we haven't had to turn on the air conditioning all weekend . Such a beautiful weekend . 
seriously , if i miss another turned in assignment because the printing servers are down , Im going to kill someone . 
Need a New Year ? New Career ? Then UTI is the answer . Best commercial ever . 
ABC Party . < PROPMALE > Drives-aMini < PROPFIRST > Wye . < PROPFIRST > E . Stout . Its on . 
Weeds is amazing . 
Okay , clarification for those who might have read this wrong , the TV show Weeds , is amazing . Again , TV Show . 
No rehearsal last night , got out of class at noon with nothing to do but homework . This being a regular college kid is kind of awesome . Lookin forward to tonight ! Go IU ! 
First full run through today . So here we go . 
had a great weekend , and now im watchin some < PROPMALE > and waiting for the week to begin . 
soooooo happy right now ... couldn't be happier ... 
dear fortune cookie , I love you . 
Friday . 
being sick officially blows . 
if my sibelius deletes this arrangement one more time , those who are in close proximity should be afraid of flying computers . 
The sky tonight is unbelievably beautiful . Humanity's insignificance is mind-blowing 
Bout time that bucket came back 
< PROPFIRST > Nielsen . The world just lost an amazing actor . 
White Christmas and Lighting Project . Yeehaw . 
Goodbye lighting . I hate you . 
I had so many dreams last night that I thought that it was Saturday when I woke up . Turns out it isn't . crap . 
I can't really think of a better way to start off Christmas break than tonight :) Bed time . 
Happy Valentines Day ! I figured since Christmas always cuts into other holidays I would knock it down a < PROPFEMALE > . 
what up snowday . 
