Had steak tonight . Good , delicious , steak . 

has a brand new friggin ' dog . 
Has a brand new friggin ' hellion . 
feels that if you break a window , you should repair it in the most adorable fashion you can and try and play it off . 
feels that if you break a window , you should repair it in the most adorable fashion you can and try and play it off . - BTW < PROPFEMALE > , I may or may not have broken a window . 
is tired . 
reflects on that feeling you get when you catch your yard on fire . -Everyone has this feeling , right ? 
' s financial aid is all fixed . Let the schooling begin !... ... again . 
is tired again . 
up up down down left right left right B A 
Last comment was the Konami code . Try it for a surprise ! 
Class @ 11:00 . Interviewing @ 1:00 . Exam @ 3:00 . Let's do this ! 
Class called short ( It prefers the term , \Little \") . - Lab was taken . Interview went amazing . Exam felt like a piece of cake . Today is good . " 
Locked myself out of the house . Walked to school . >.> Might have to walk to work . 
wants to know ; Can dogs look up ? 
Registered for classes like a pro . Who said you even need to look at the \recommended course list \"." 
I lost . 
See last status update . 
Get a project ; work on project ; complete project . - Rinse & repeat . I think I got this shit down to a science . >.> 
Will be coming back to Manton .... eventually . I dunno , probably next week . Probably before Thanksgiving . Not sure if I can be more specific . 
It's just , when you buy furniture , you tell yourself , that's it . That's the last sofa I'm gonna need . Whatever else happens , I've got that sofa problem handled . -Fight Club 
If at first you don't succeed ; call it version 1.0 
One meeting down . Five papers and three projects to go 
One more paper down and turned in ... ... Boom . 
And another one goes , and another goes , and another paper gets turned in ! 
has finally dug his car out . Car still runs beautifully . 
just blew his front tire out . Repairs are going to suck . 
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he lucky ? ~ Stanislaw J . Lec 
So .... fucking .... bored . 
Avatar was amazing . 
Living room to kitchen shot . Fork from couch to sink . Made it . 
Puppy just got a bath . Now he smells like apples and wet dog , not just wet dog . 
Ahem ..... I lost . 
Just got books . v.v 
So much .... Taco < PROPFEMALE > .... so good . 
Has read one chapter of his school book . The entire book is done as a comic book . I'm going to love this class . 
woke up at 6:30 ish ... it's a first ! 
I recently took up ice sculpting . Last night I made an ice cube . This morning I made 12 , I was prolific . - < PROPMALE > Hedberg 
Happiness isn't good enough for me ! I demand euphoria ! 
We must fight to keep our lives as they are . We must fight to change our lives at their core . We must fight to understand new things . We must also fight to comprehend the old . We are eternally fighting , for we are War . 
Boom headshot . 
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple . ~ Dr Seuss 
You don't have a soul . You are a Soul . You have a body . - C S < PROPFIRST > 
is formatting a 1TB HDD . Sound boring ? It is ... 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Berlioz 
is ignoring work ... and doodling ! 
Oh god ... so many doodles ... so little work done . 
Chicken fried rice , sesame balls , and homework ... meh not the worst . 
Please copy and paste this on your status if you know someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
I lost ! 
Anyone want a ticket to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > show this Saturday ? You need to be a MTU student . 
Just had two awesome home-made pasties . 
is training the dog to fetch beer from the fridge . So far he's ate the turkey , knocked the pop out of the fridge , and peed on the kitchen floor . 
There are some remedies worse than the disease . ~ Publilius Syrus 
There is a tail coming out of my desk . Either Orion is hiding under it , or my desk has become a monster waiting to bite my legs off . 
Homeworking in the lab ... freakin ' hurrah . 
< PROPMALE > , meet fork . Fork , meet < PROPMALE > . * stab * 
is currently trying to fix humanity . Please send more glue . 
Pinky , are you pondering what I'm pondering ? 
Ever get that feeling you'd forget what the holiday is if you didn't have google to remind you ? 
Mmm ... Rootbeer and chips . What a great dinner . 
Almost finished with the Student Chapter's website . v.v Just a few more hours . 
knew the good weather was a trap . Ackbar had my back . 
wants dayquil , or nyquil , or something to make my head stop pounding and to keep me from coughing . 
Oh god ... I found Halls 
6 more days until I go to < PROPFIRST > , TX for the STC summit meeting . :D 
In < PROPFIRST > , TX for the summit conference . So far so good ! However , I am not fond of a plane landing . We need to invent hover planes . 
STC Summit Conference is going great ! Having a great time and meeting so many new people ! 
Classes are done and done well . The summit conference was awesome . Now , I am home getting back to getting things done . 
School , bank , and all money issues dealt with . Back to enjoying my summer ^.^ 
Hates it when the first part of waking up is talking to a moron . 
hanging out in the pizza shop for a few hours then going swimming . 
Bored stupid ... save me . 
has just figured out how to make cake in a coffee cup . >.> That cakepan will never get washed now . 
has a migrane . 
would love it if the fan would cool the house down a bit , but the dog won't move out of the way and let it do its job . >.> 
Orion had his first day at the beach today . He's been napping ever since . :D 
Rain , rain , come and play . Make the fire ban go away . :) 
< PROPMALE>'s World ! Party Time ! Excellent ! 
“Trust that little voice in your head that says \Wouldn't it be interesting if .. \"; And then do it . ” - < PROPMALE > Michals " 
wants a Droid X . 
Puppy refuses to lay down and is hogging the fan . Too hot to tackle him and take the fan back v.v 
Finally , rain has come . 
Second day as the Lode News Editor . I think I like this job . :) 
PS3 Move is sweet . :) 
Interview with Stryker Medical went amazingly well . There is strong competition for the internship though . Best of luck to everyone , but I hope I get it ! :D 
The news never sleeps . v.v Lots of stuff to do today . 
The fish trap exists because of the fish . Once you've \ 
gotten the fish you can forget the trap . The rabbit snare exists \ 
because of the rabbit . Once you've gotten the rabbit , you can forget \ 
the snare . Words exist because of meaning . Once you've gotten the \ 
meaning , you can forget the words . Where can I find a man who has \ 
forgotten words so I can talk with him ? ~ Chuang Tzu 
Ahem , too all of you who are diligently not winning THE GAME . \ 
