OMFG I JUST MET MY GRANDPAS TWIN ON FACEBOOK !!!! 

OMFG I JUST MET MY GRANDPAS TWINS GRANDCHILD ON FACEBOOK !!!! 
sleepy time ! working at UNMC From 7:30 -4 then Got Youth Group From 5:30 -when ever it gets done 
time for the sleeps working in the morning again ... 
I NEED SOME ONE TO SKATE WITH 
Doing More Latex and Such For The Zombie Costumes for rocktober 
I'm Sick Of Being Persecuted By My Supposed \Brothers\ " . I now Understand Exactly How Jesus Felt . Maybe I'm Not Meant To Be With Christians . All It Ends Up Bringing Me Is Pain And Aggravation ... " 
The Tension Is Gone ! Praise God For He Is Holy , And Is Capable Of Over Coming Any Situation . 
There Is No Such Thing As A Snow Day When You Work At A Hospital ... 
wow just witnessed a demon get cast out of a house . probably one of the weirdest feelings ever . 
Cool guys don't look at explosionsThey blow things up and then walk away Who's got time to watch an explosion ? Because cool guys have errands that they have to walk to .. Keep walkin ' , keep shinin ' Don't look back keep on walkin'Keep struttin ' slow motionThe more you ignore it , the cooler you look 
watching the < PROPFEMALE > cartoon while filling the tub ! 
Every one should go read my first ever note Its pretty amazing ! 
Ha ha ha oh man one of the nurses was just walking around laughing like bowser . EX- Huwa Huwa Huwa in a low voice hahaha oh my . And then they heard miss may i cause i was listening to them and their response was \ Are they pullin off toe nails over there ? You should tell them they can take that guys nuts out of the vise grips now cause those are some high screams\ " Its stuff like this that makes me love working here . " 
Prepare your brain for RAZZLE DAZZLE !!!! 
WAKE UP WAKE UP ! This is no hallucination ! This is what we have become ! This is what dreams are made of ! 
COD Is Gay 
Have you ever filled a bath then realized \Hey I really don't want to take a bath right now\ " ? Well I just did hahahaha . " 
Frustration 
Patt Just Looked At My Junk ! 
The Thought Of You Brings A spring Of Butterflies Up Through My Soul . 
The band has been renamed \Martyrs of the modern age \"" 
A . F . I is gonna be at sokol on june 6th 
Going to youth group tonight for the first time in over a month , I'm super excited ! 
I some how made < PROPMALE > by accidentally spilling red liquids on my green scrubs . YAY ACCIDENTS ! 
So my phones battery just went from 80% to 50% now its up to 90% ... I need a new phone this thing is stupid . 
Huge favor , if any one has spare mics or any mics my band is recording this weekend and we are trying to get ahold of some . If you can help please contact me ASAP . 
A big thanks to calvary christian church for hooking us up with some mics for Martyr Camp . < PROPMALE > T is the man . 
New < PROPMALE > for MOTMA courtesy of AJ ! Check it out guys it's sick . 
Oh noes both my feet are asleep ... 
Is it just me or does any one else look at the serving size , not too see how much I should eat but to see which has more ? 
This is all too much , it's getting difficult to cope . 
Take me back to how in used to be , I'll never close my eyes again . How could I ever forget a place like this , Somewhere that I can call my own . \ 
My eyes will only see , where I'm supossed to be . 
Take me back to how it used to be , I'll never close my eyes again . How could I ever forget a place like this , Somewhere that I can call my own . \ 
Practice last night was amazing 
Finally I've snapped back to reality , and am back to my normal self . 
The weather is rather suitable at the moment . 
It's a good thing I don't have the funds , Or I'd probably be smoking 3 packs a day ... 
Wow so pretty much every one in the band is single now . \ 
\ 
over the span of friday to today the three of us have had issues . \ 
Looks like we have more time for the band . 
we got offered to play a show at Hot topic ! 
hmmm tonights gonna be another sleepless night . 
I just wanna go home , I'm not even doing anything and I'm just down today ... 
Really ? \ 
Why the hell is it that when I turn on the radio it just makes things worse . 
I won't give up , I will never surrender . \ 
I'll stick by your side for ever and ever . 
Every one should go see The Martyrs Of The Modern Age June 4th at rebels in council bluffs . \ 
starts at 7 
Kiss all you're energy goodbye < PROPMALE > , CAUSE WE'RE ADDING ON ! 
I get to see her today ! \ 
=D 
And now I don't ... Today sucks . 
Never mind I'm just retarded . \ 
ha ha 
Listening to some Lamb Of God waiting for this amazing girl to call me =) 
Why is it that when ever I become happy it all goes down hill again ... 
Some one just please shoot me ... 
I Couldn't be Happier Or More Relieved ! 
Ope ! Lamb Of God Just Impregnated my ears with a hardcore metal baby . \ 
Practice tonight , with a bass player ! \ 
It's gonna be so sick . 
Holy something ! \ 
Lamb Of God's new stuff has given me my creative influence back ! \ 
AND I'M SO READY TO WRITE SOME INSANE MUSIC TONIGHT !!!!! 
I hate how you always come up with a sweet idea for a guitar part while away from your guitar . WORK IS SO LAME ! 
We'll never get out of this hole , until we've dug our own grave ! 
Composure by august burns red is pretty much my favorite song ever right now ! 
Yesterday was amazing . 
TODAY IS THE DAY !!!!! 
So my BLS course is on saturday , and they have yet to send me my books . \ 
I might have to cancel . 
oh my goodness amazing day of skating ! 
So \A paradox with flies\ " is probably my favorite song ever right about now . " 
Last night was the most amazing skate session ever . \ 
Awesome people , perfect weather , got alot acomplished and it was just all together fun . Can't wait for tomorrow ! \ 
New guitar and a B.A skate session plus saturday is a wake and skate day woooooooo ! 
Well every one I am very sadened to announce that MOTMA is done as < PROPFIRST > and I are the only remaining members . \ 
We aren't sure if this is permanent or just us going on hideous , but < PROPFIRST > and i are using this as a < PROPMALE > to take a break . \ 
Which means you will probably see us at < PROPMALE > skate park on 72nd and < PROPMALE > or at roberts on 78th and cass , on almost a daily basis . 
Please pray for me , because when I get off work I am headed to All Out Skate Shop . For the 3rd and final meeting about a possible sponsorship/street team deal . 
I got the spot ! \ 
And I'm starting out good too . By going out to Grand Island this weekend and promoting and spreading word about All Out 
I'm so stoked . \ 
gettin off at about 12:00 \ 
runnin home , packing then I will hopefully be on the road by 13:00 - 13:30 ish 
Oh my goodness . I drove atleast 12 hours yesterday . 
I JUST GOT A SPONSORSHIP OFFER FROM SteelMX / SMX Optics !!!!!!!! 
I NEED SOMEONE TO SKATE WITH ! 
I just picked up two more sponsors yesterday ! \ 
I'm now a sponsored skater for All out skate shop , Six Feet Deep Clothing , Shadcase and Steel MX/SMX Optics !!! \ 
God has blessed me greatly . 
Alright everbody , what are your thoughts on a metal cover of pump up the jam by technotronic ? 
It's so hot out , Milk was a bad choice . 
Just got a sponsorship with Wreckage Clothing ! \ 
I'm getting 50% off all product 
I AM NOW AN ELITE RIDER FOR H2O AUDIO GO CHECK IT OUT \ 
www.h2orider.hookit.com/members/h2oaudio/ 
Wow who cast the gay schedule spell up in here ? \ 
Cause I wanna kick them in the mouth . 
He ate the uterus ? Nope strike three ! The answer was placenta . 
Holy 13 hour shift batman ! What a long day . 
Getting Ready to do my first photo shoot for skating ! 
I just got sponsored by Globe Skating Shoes ! 
Freakin Varials and hard flips are kicking my butt ! 
My beard is offically longer than my thumb . I have kinda long thumbs too ! 
Just saw a sign saying G-Sale . I was very disappointed when I found out there was nothing gangster about it . No glocks , AKs . No this was just a garage sale ... 
Who would like me to put up an up to date picture of my attempt at growing a beard ? 
FINALLY QUIT AND AM SMOKE FREE !!!! 
Last night was hands down the freakiest night of my entire life . 
The last lost continent is the most amazing song I have ever heard 
oh , oh oh oh oh , oh I'm as cold as the cold wind blows when it snows and it's twenty below . 
Quotes from yesterday . Levi : Ethaaaaaaaan is a hoooomooooo . Me : .............. Sapiaaaaaan . Levi : Man how many Drs are dying ? It must be a pandemic . Me : Or some one is doing it ! Levi : YEAH , First it was hobos and now this ? 
Adderall XR : 40mg(perscribed for adhd)Nicotine : 21mgcoffee : how ever many mgs are in 2 pots . HELLO PRODUCTIVITY ! 
Maybe I should write some stuff ? 
trying to write some stuff , join me just go to my profile and click the link ! 
4 more days ! 
Woooooo ! After 14 years of wanting to , I finally made up my mind . I'm gonna enlist ! 
With each passing day I get more and more excited . I just want the next year to fly by . 
With each passing day I get more and more excited . 
It's 1:47 A.M I'm the only one awake , and I'm watching house by the cemetery . \ 
I wish my little jew friend was here . 
Hey Mercer you gonna come with us ? \ 
Nah man I'm a zombie now . 
Raimi : You wanna come with us ? \ 
Mercer : Nah man I'm a zombie now , What ever you do don't use moulssons serum . \ 
Don't use it on some one unless their really dead 
SAY ANYTHING ON SUNDAY !!!!!! 
SAY ANYTHING , METRO STATION AND SAVES THE DAY IN ONE HOUR !!!!!! 
Say Anything and Motion City Soundtrack killed it !!!! 
True or false , Hardcore kids usually start crap with people in real pits by being assholes and end up getting laid out by the people in mosh pits ? And which pit is more brutal throwdown or real pits ? 
Aaaah Yeaaaah ! Watchin Blacula ! 
Shish Kabob 
Two things are running through my mind right now , why am I still awake ? \ 
And WERE WOLVES ON WHEELS !!!!! 
Working jaming to The clash ? I think so ! 
Cause we all end up in a < PROPFEMALE > pine box , with a mighty small top and a mighty dark plot and the might fine print hastens the trip to our epilog . 
Heh jam session and we got one song done , oh yes this band is gonna work ! 
Dear oceano , chill out . \ 
Please realize cussing non stop at the crowd is tacky , and encouraging the crowd to fight and punch the person next to you in the face is not cool . And to your guitarist , get off the drugs and stop spitting and the crowd and trying to act like a bad ass . \ 
You just look lame . 
HA I go to smoke a cig only to see some one walking up to my door to case my house . 
Starting a facebook < PROPFEMALE > for people who need advice , a person to vent to or just somd one to talk to . \ 
You think it's a good idea ? \ 
let me know your thoughts on this . 
Random fact of the day . whales ejaculate 400gallons of semen at a time , ever wonder why the ocean is so salty ? 
Do not fear , for I am with you ; do not anxiously look about you , for I am your God . I will strengthen you , surely I will help you , surely I will uphold you with My rightous right hand . < PROPMALE > 41:10 
Me : Watcha Doin ? \ 
Hannah : Just watching this move . What about you ? \ 
Me : About to make some popcorn , watching 16 and pregnant . \ 
I'm not gay I swear hahahaha . 
Playin some guitar in stickam . 
Bury the hatchet ! 
A Day To Remeber in KC on March 26th , Who's down ? 
So stressed I had to drive with the window down cause I was hot . 
So , Suicide Seasons : Cut Up . by Bring Me The Horizon Is possibly the most amazing album I've ever heard ! 
At first I thought it was raining white smart cars , then I realized those were just huge snowflakes . 
A day to remember , bring me the horizon , pierce the veil and we came as romans on march 26th in KC ! 
This snow needs to melt then dry up , so I can skate . \ 
I don't wanna lose any sponsors . 
Stuck at home , bored out of my mind . 
guitar time ? I think so ! 
Albums I've listened to so far today . \ 
A little bit of The powerless rise by As I Lay Dying , Number[s ] by woe , is me ( 2 times this morning)\ 
The cleansing , green monster single , no time to bleed suicide silence self titled and 4 other demos by suicide silence , now working on Three cheers for sweet revenge MCR . 
Gonna order some stuff from my sponsors soon . \ 
Any one want some shoes , shades , clothes or skateboards ? 
I should really clean my trashed room , but writing music seems like more fun . 
time to jam ! 
My guitar is in the shop getting some < PROPMALE > duncans put in . \ 
But here's the question which tuning should I get it set to . \ 
Drop C , B or A ? 
