i love weiner !!!!!!!!! and pecker up my rectum 

hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Hendrickson (: 
im gay 
I wanna kiss my best friends fiance shes got a body that looks like beyonce 
Hey everybody someone has my phone . sorry if you get weird messages from them . if you need to get a hold of me just text < PROPFEMALE > 
Cause sometimes we don't really notice just how good it can get so maybe we should start all over start all over again- HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! 
Bottles poppin till we can't stand 
Be back in a few hours ... stockin up for the month at the pig . 
everyone go to the SCREW YOU < PROPFEMALE > link me and dame put up its hilarious 
http://www.screwyouhannah.com/index.php?c=viral&m=index&id=9c2643f597ffc6dff2fb9b61f9e32199 
when life gives you lemons make lemonade . how does it ever taste good without the sugar or the ice though ? 
I <3 < PROPMALE > track and field athletics 
when you see them pretty little country queens man you gotta admit that its in them jeans aint nothin wrong just gettin on your hillbilly bone ba bone ba bone bone 
I'm asking you to come change me into the man I wanna be 
Oh and I close my eyes and you and I are stuck on the farris wheel rockin with the motion and hand in hand we cried and laughed knowin that love belonged to us girl if only for a moment 
Get caught in the race of this crazy life tryin to be everything can make you lose your mind . I just wanna go back in time 
this is my temporary home its not where I belong windows and rooms that Im passin through this is just a stop on the way to where Im going Im not afraid because I know this is my temporary home 
I just want to make sure you know just who youre getting under this old hat cause girl Im not the kind to two time or play games behind your back Im a little more country than that 
Without saying a word you can light up the dark try as I may I could never explain what I hear when you don't say a thing 
And if it looks like we were scared to death like a couple of kids just trying to save each other you should have seen it in color a pictures worth a thousand words but you cant see what those shades of gray keep covered you should have seen it in color 
We love it - we hate it - we're all just trying to make it in this crazy town 
Same old boy same sweet girl ten years down the road he held her tight and kissed her lips in front of the picture show 
Rain makes corn corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisky 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Track and Field Athletics 
just when i thought it couldnt get no hotter I caught glimpse of the farmers daughter 
drive until the city lights dissolve into a country sky just me and you ... free as we'll ever be 
Scars heal < PROPFEMALE > fades and all we're left with are the memories made pain hurts but only for a minute yeah life is short so go on and live it cause the chicks dig it 
when I hear your name I feel rain fallin right out of the blue sky and its the fifth of May and Im right there starin in your eyes and nothins changed and we're still the same and I get lost in the innocence of a first kiss and Im hangin on to every word rollin off of your lips and thats all it takes and Im in that place every time I hear your name 
Yeah shes good when shes bad shes cute when shes mad and she does all the wrong things right yeah boy its a fact when theyre made like that You aint ever gonna sleep at night 
Baby Im on my way to come and get ya meet me at the end of your drive grab your shades and your string bikini ... I know a spot down on the river underneath the sycamore tree save all your kisses up bring on your sweet love pour it all over me 
My felicitations to all graduating friends . I'll miss you guys . 
you've got willing arms that'll hold you tight a hand to lead you on through the night right here I know your heart can get all tangled up inside but don't you keep it to yourself ; when your long day is over and you can barely drag your feet the weight of the world is on your shoulders I know what you need bring it on home to me 
You wear your smile like a summer sky just shining down on me and you I swear your heart is a free bird on a lazy sunday afternoon I love the way that you're up for anything and never worry bout what people say 
Phone gone . If you need to get ahold of me you can text < PROPFEMALE > or call my house phone .. 329-6959 
When I'm a ship tossed around on the waves , up on a highwire thats ready to break when I've had just about all I can take , baby you save me 
I'm gonna live where the green grass grows 
There's always that one person that will always have your heart You never see it coming cause you're blinded from the start Know that you're that one for me , it's clear for everyone to see Ooh baby , you will always be my boo 
I believe in memories They look so , so pretty when I sleep Hey now , and when I wake up , You look so pretty sleeping next to me But there is not enough time , And there is no , no song I could sing And there is no , combination of words I could say But I will still tell you one thing We're better together . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
We gotta start makin ' changes learn to see me as a brother instead of 2 distant strangers and that's how it's supposed to be How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me ? I'd love to go back to when we played as kids but things changed , and that's the way it is 
Today that's good enough for me , breathing in and out's a blessing can't you see , todays the first day of the rest of my life , and i'm alive and well , yeah i'm alive and well 
You and me go fishin ' in the dark 
You gonna feel my rush you don't feel it then it must be too real to touch peel the dutch i'm about to tear shit up goosebumps yeah i'ma make your hair sit up-Eminem 
Sometimes God gives us opportunities in life and we fuck it up . You just gotta keep goin ' keep livin ' hopin one day you'll get another < PROPMALE > and you'll do it right . 
Life is too short to put it off anymore You gotta live it before , it's too late Can't turn that clock back around On what your dreamin about You better do it now don't wait 
Lifes like a novel with the end ripped out 
I don't see nothin wrong with a little bit of bump and grind 
I got so many ya'll got dimes but i got twenties 
Her laughter fills my soul And when I hold her I don't wanna let go When it comes to her I can't get enough So it took me by complete surprise When my heart got lost in those deep green eyes She's not at all what I was looking for ; She's more 
Picture a place that they exist , together It has to be a place better then this , in heaven So right before I sleep dear God what I'm asking : Remember this face , save me a place\ 
In thug mansion . 
cause love only comes once in awhile knocks on your door and throws you a smile and takes every breath and leaves every scar 
So baby gimme that toot toot Lemme give you that beep beep Runnin her hands through my ' fro Bouncin on 24's While they say on the radio ... It's the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin that body got every man in here wishin Sippin on coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freakin weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun 
But you'd have to walk a thousand < PROPMALE > in my shoes just to see what it's like to be me i'll be you let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain i'll feel mine go inside each others minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through each others eyes but don't let em say you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you 
' Cause I didn't know I needed you so\ 
And letting you go was wrong\ 
And baby I know you got your radio on\ 
So this is my , my bad , come back song\ 
\ 
I know I said I wouldn't miss you\ 
But now I'm saying I'm a fool\ 
You're on the feel good side of leaving\ 
And I'm the backside of a mule\ 
And I didn't know I needed you so\ 
And letting you go was wrong 
Eavesdropping should be considered a crime 
Life's too fun and I'm too young and the night ain't over yet ; like i said I can sleep when I'm dead 
Don't take life too seriously , No one lives through it . 
Life's not the breaths you take , the breathing in and out , that gets you through the day , ain’t what it’s all about , you just might miss the point , trying to win the race , life’s not the breaths you take , but the moments that take your breath away 
Chew me up and spit me out I fell for this So many times It's ridiculous And still I stick with this I'm sick of this But in my sickness And addiction Your addictive as they get Evil as they come 
\You seemed so gung-ho about it\ " - Dylon Wilde " 
R.I.P. T.C. you deserve a good life up there 
< PROPFEMALE > your visions and your dreams and your hopes as they are the children of your soul . - T.C. 
There are many things in life that will capture your eye , but very few that will capture your hear . These are the ones to pursue . These are the ones worth keeping . - T.C. 
< PROPMALE > potter in 15 hours and 39 minutes !! 
So many people dressed like < PROPMALE > ! 
Yeah I know , I know When I compliment her She wont believe me And its so , its so Sad to think she don't see what I see But every time she asks me do I look okay\ 
I say When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change Cause you're amazing Just the way you are And when you smile , The whole world stops and stares for awhile Cause girl you're amazing Just the way you are 
Basketball Game tonight ladies and gentlemen ! 6 o'clock at brodhead . guys then girls game . Wear a campion !! 
I can go out every night of the week can go home with anybody I meet but its just a temporary high cause when I close my eyes I'm somewhere with you , somewhere with you 
We on a world tour Wale your man hustlin in each and every gutta with the mic in my hand 
Well I'm what I am and I'm what I'm not but I'm sure happy with what I've got I've lived and loved and laughed a lot and that's all I need 
I want summer already 
Boys Game at 730 .. Be there or be square . Blackout ! 
The nights are gettin darker And there's no peace inside So why make our lives harder by fighting love tonight Cause I been there before and you've been there before But together we can be alright Cause when it gets dark and when it gets cold we hold Each other till we see the sunlight So if you just hold my hand , baby I promise that I'll do all I can Things will get better if you just hold my hand 
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best , night and day , to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight ; and never stop fighting . -- E.E. Cummings 
I love < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ((((: 
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live -- Albus Dumbledore 
If perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same 
Ten Pages ... I hate this class so much right now 
Boys Game Tomorrow w/dance team at halftime !! Dress Up- CHRISTMAS ! 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Basketball 
You say you're leaving as you look away I know there's really nothing left to say Just know I'm here whenever you need me I'll wait for you So I'll let you go , I'll set you free And when you've seen what you need to see When you find you , come back to me 
That you are here - that life exists , and identity ; that the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Nah I never been in space before , But I never seen a face like yours , You make me feel like I could touch the planets , You want the < PROPFEMALE > , girl watch me grab it , See I never seen the stars this close , You got me stuck off the way you glow , 
Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > likes my Christmas present when she finally gets here !! 
Hardball is the saddest fuckin movie ever 
Oh , take your time , don't live too fast , Troubles will come and they will pass You'll find a woman and you'll find love And don't forget that there is a someone up above And be a simple kind of man And be something you'll love and understand Baby be a simple kind of man Oh , won't you do this for me son if you can ? 
PLAYOFFS !!!! 
And just like that girl , you got me froze Like a Nintendo 64 
Sometimes in life god gives us < PROPMALE > s and we fuck it up . But we gotta keep living , hoping someday we'll get another < PROPMALE > and we'll do it right 
You can't really know where you're going until you know where you've been -- Hitch 
White out tomorrow for guys game !!! 
Hunting theme tomorrow for guys game ! Girls hip hop at Halftime ! 
PACKERS !! 
Packers-bears showdown next weekend ? 
So if everyone could come to the guys game this Saturday at edgewood it would be wonderful . Probably the biggest game of the regular season .. number 2 vs . Number 3 in the state 
So the theme saturday is blackout !! Again .. THE BIGGEST GAME OF THE REGULAR SEASON . #2 vs . #3 in the state ! Tickets go on sale tomorrow so get them early if you can ! 
Everyone show up Saturday ! 
May God bless and keep you always May your wishes all come true May you always do for others And let others do for you May you build a ladder to the stars And climb on every rung May you stay forever young 
It's too cold for school 
If anyone needs a ride to the guys game tomorrow I'll be happy to oblige 
Do you even know how to drive an automatic ? 
< PROPFIRST > shields is my hero 
Guys game in stoughton tomorrow ! Be there or be square 
Good luck tomorrow dance team ! 
Congratulations dance team !! 
Finally !! 
Good luck tomorrow dance team !! 
Packers baby 
Boom baby ! 
Bringing home the hardware ! Go pack go !! 
Live in the moment and appreciate that life brings tomorrow 
don't worry about what you don't know ; lifes a dance you learn as you go 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow 
Guys game tonight with dance team at Halftime -- prep ! 
you must be the change you want to see in the world 
Crazy Valentines day theme tomorrow for the game ? Anyone opposed or have other ideas ? 
Does anyone have a fake bow that would resemble Cupids ? Lol 
Beach/pool party/summer theme for the game tomorrow ! 
If you're willing to support our public workers < PROPMALE > high school is having a walk out at the arches at 815 tomorrow morning . Try to make signs if you can 
So proud of < PROPMALE > high school ! 
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on making it to state ! 
You could call me anytime and I’d come running I’d go to hell and back to rescue you I’d give up my soul and everything I own If that’s what you want , I’d do that for you 
Brick walls are there for a reason . They give us a < PROPMALE > to show how badly we want something . 
Time is all you have . And you may fine one day that you have less than you think . Make the best of every moment you are given . 
I get to become an uncle tomorrow ! 
Baby < PROPFEMALE>'s crying !! 
Blackout tomorrow for the guys semifinal game ! Dance team at Halftime ! 
For those of you who weren't in school or didn't hear the announcement the guys play again tonight in < PROPFEMALE > for the Regional Final Game against Deforest at 7 PM . Theme is CRAZY RED AND WHITE . Doors open at 6 for those of you who don't have a ticket already ( 4 dollars ) . See everyone there ! 
Thanks for everything guys . It was a great season . I love you all 
Would everyone prefer gangster crazy or superhero for the girls game tomorrow ? 
You gotta plow a 4 to appreciate an 8 < PROPFIRST > Armstrong Dylon Wilde < PROPMALE > Tordoff 
Theme for girls game tomorrow is crazy ! Dance team at Halftime ! 
I love everyone 
The chills I get when you lay your lips on mine , that's beautiful , beautiful every time 
I love spring break 
All that stupid fun And all that shit we've done Where the good times gone ? 
