Had a fun visit with Megs and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , and played with the kittens while they romped and ran ! 

blackbird singing in the dead of night ... take these broken wings and learn to fly ... 
is glad the first kitten went to such good people ... =) 
feels like I should still be in Milwaukee ! 
FML 
splash , boom ! 
Guess what ! It's warm and muggy in Michigan today ! Time to go out and be productive .. < sigh > 
Hiding all Polls from my FB , they're driving me crazy . 
Party tonight with special family and special friends ... but watch out for Miro ! lol 
So happy to have my kids here from Milwaukee . Wish they could stay longer ! We had a terrific indoor picnic today =) 
They're gone and yes , it's way too quiet here now ..... 
Good night , friends and family ... love you all =) 
Some day we'll find it , the rainbow connection .... 
lonely night ... 
feeling .... disconnected . 
beddybye time ... another long day tomorrow , but I might get a 4 day weekend if I play my cards right ! hahaha 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
A busy weekend ahead , with friends , family , and of course fun ! 
So tired I can't see , off to bed for me ! night night , loves ! 
missing my Milwaukee family ! 
had an awesomely good time at Deaf Celebration Day and at < PROPFEMALE > O'Grady's last night . It was wonderful to see so many old friends ! Wish we could do this more often ! 
thinking that games are no fun to play alone , unless they're called solitaire . 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Matthews sing .... \Sister .... \"" 
Nicaraguan Prodecoop in my cup ... gracias muchacho ! 
... to sleep , perchance to dream .... =) 
zoom zoom zoom 
what's on my mind ? I'd have to have a mind , for something to be on it ! naptime ..... zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Sumbuddy come farm for meeee ! lol 
Got my Sista staying with me ... having a mellow day so far today , but have to work later ... booooo ! 
Local Yokels should come to Open Mic at The Bar in < PROPMALE > , tonight ! Last < PROPMALE > !! 
Six a.m. Six hour shift . Ain't life grand ? May have to go in search of coffee and sustenance , soon ! 
Rest well , family and friends .... a good week started today ! 
doesn't know where life is going any more ... 
I shall take you to bed & have my way with you . I will make you ache , shake & swear till you moan & groan . I will make you beg for mercy for me to stop . I will exhaust you to the point where you will be relieved when I'm finished with you . And when I'm done you will be weak for days . All my love , The FLU < thanks Kay ! > lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a safe and happy day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all ... good night ! 
I feel at home here in Milwaukee ! 
Sooooooo ... anyone up for a bit of farming ? 
Sitting around at the Corner Brewery in Ypsi , waiting for NYE Festivities to begin ! The place is sparkling , and I'm thinking I might see Doc's face once or twice tonight when he comes out from behind his camera ! Happy New Year , Everyone ! 
Happpppppy New Yearrrrr ! 
flesh tone ! 
haha now none 
flesh , once again ! 
Why , when things can be so simple , do people have to complicate them with deceit ? 
as always , everywhere and messy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , baby ! 
Invisible ! hahaha 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Enjoying El < PROPMALE > San < PROPMALE > from my Chemex ... great way to start the morning and hopefully kick the headache ! 
Yummy PBJagel and ChaiLatte at the Ug ! 
On the bench right by the front door 
Some things you can understand , but never quite come to terms with . 
Don't Be Cruel ... Elvis Presley .... go figure ? lol What was the # 1 song on the day you were born ? Google it , look it up and post as your status . 
The person with this name is the most amazing person you will ever meet . After you say hi to her , magic < PROPFEMALE > dust will sprinkle on your head and then you'll be able to FLY ! OMG ! Who WOULDN'T want to fly ? That girl is so cool . Her name must be < PROPFEMALE > ! * begins to fly * 
Avatar : 3D IMAX , see it ! 
Word for the day : sarchasm ( noun ) the gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the people who don't get it . . { thanks Tams ! } 
Can we really have our cake , and eat it too ? 
I guess I'll settle for Life , < PROPFEMALE > , the pursuit of coffee ! lol 
Ummmm ..... snow ? hahahha ... Guess today will be a housework day ... not that it needs it , of course ! ha !! 
.... and to all a good night ... =) 
Eff ' em if they can't take a joke . Why do folks have to think it's all about them ? Oh , nobody else in life is dealing with stress , that's it . Well let me tell ya ... it just ain't so . 
Had an interesting day at the Field Museum of Natural History today , and some AWEsome coffee at Intelligentsia ! Tomorrow , back to Chicago for some more adventures ... who knows what the day has in store for us !? 
Sons may outgrow our laps , but they never outgrow our hearts . ( Post this if you have an awesome son or sons ..... I just did . ) 
So , yeah , I was in a car accident yesterday . Wrecked my back pretty good . Sitting on an ice pack , freezing my backside today , great fun ! No work for a couple days , will see how it goes ! 
If you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest , well-behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ! 
It's Daughters Week !!! If you have a daughter , who makes your life more interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life , and makes life worth living , copy and paste this on your status .... The world would not be the same without our BEAUTIFUL GIRLS !!! 
If you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status .? I do - twice over !!! Love you sons ! 
Yay , sure sign of spring ... the CRANES are back ! Heard them flying overhead this morning ! Yay ~ ! 
Must not forget to ' spring forward ' tonight ! 
Interesting day ... Took my hubby to the airport .... watched my kids on video streaming from Milwaukee , The Great Lakes Regional Barista Competition , where they were judging , and now am ready for bed .... this bad back is for the birds ! 
Well , I was hoping to go back to work next week , but I still can't do much of anything before I'm in pain again .... sigh ... 
? People must understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure , but acceptance and RESPECT ? 
Sipping Sprecher's Generation < PROPMALE > tonight ... some good stuff from Milwaukee ! 
Today is my first visit back to the Ugly Mug since my car accident . Great to be back ! 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL . New Jersey & FL are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries as well . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this to your status 
I love spring's promise of more to come ! Now I wish I was able to go out and hike and bike and play in the sunshine ! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ? 
on the coffee table ... =p 
I may not be the most important person in your LIFE . I just hope that when you hear my name you smile and say THAT'S MY FRIEND ! Share this heart with everyone you care about ? 
< PROPMALE > Browne's been talking to me all day .... his lyrics ring in my mind ... 
Why do so many people only want ' friendship ' when it's convenient for them ? 
L*O*V*E * Y*O*U* ! Today Is LOVE U Day . Send This To Every Friend You Love . You're Spoiled If You Get 4 Back ! DidAnyone Ever Tell You How Important You Make Others Feel ? Somebody Out There's Smiling because of YOU . Did Anyone Ever TellYou that Many Times They Were Sad .... You ... Your E-Mail ( And Chats ) Made ThemSmile A Bit ? ? :) 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness ; it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will ... suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support , good people :) 
In loving memory ... rest in peace , < PROPFEMALE > . 
This is MY X-Box ..... 
Had a nice weekend with my Grand Rapids family , good times , good food , good beer ! 
Only need nails and rope to finish the barn upgrade on my Island ! 
The closer they are , the farther away they seem ... strange paradox ? 
I think I've lost myself . Or something . 
Not just afk , but afl . 
It's been a great weekend ... Out to dinner with Hubby on Friday night , attended a wedding Saturday night , where we had a wonderful time , and Sunday spent with family , whom I also feel are my best friends . Tonight ... food from Lei Ting , and a delicious Lambic ... yummm ! 
I find it disheartening that I feel it necessary to ' unfriend ' some people , on FB and in ' real life;' people I have enjoyed being ' friends ' with , but who obviously can't see past the nose on their face . Too many live in their own little worlds , believe only what they want to believe , think they deserve only the ' very best ' of everything , but don't want to lift a finger to help themselves . 
People who believe they are entitled to whatever they think they need , but who turn up their noses at excellent sources of assistance .... 
Nothing like a couple pints of awesome beer and snacks with family and friends to lighten sore spirits . @sigh @ 
Some things are puzzling and perplexing . It's hard when you can't figure out the what's and why's . 
It's been a .... day .... =/ 
We can only do so much to make people happy . They themselves have to decide when it's time to grow up and be responsible 
“Friends are the \ 
pillars on your porch . Sometimes they hold you up , sometimes they < PROPFEMALE > \ 
on you , and sometimes it's just enough to know that they are standing \ 
by . ” 
Currently sitting in my car on the driveway because it's raining so hard I can't get my door open 
Well , we survived the mega-storm , with the loss of our front-yard tree , and our month old deck canopy . Such is life ! 
It feels so good when you post something on someone's wall and they delete it ... way to make someone feel worthwhile ... 
Oh yummy .... I shared my chicken with Domino the cat , and she had a fly for dessert ! Don't I wish I was a cat , too ? hahaha 
Only\ 
an Aunt can give hugs like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister and love\ 
like a friend !!! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , \ 
post this as your status . ? I love mine :) 
We had such a great time yesterday in Grand Rapids , being with family and friends is always the best ... =) 
Shine on , you crazy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
In for my first epidural pain injection . Hope this thing works ! So tired of being unable to live normally ! 
Theysay a true friend can go periods of time without speaking & never questions the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they are , and don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but , that you ...... always love them ! ~ Repost if you are lucky to have at least one of these friends . **** You know who you are !!!!! ***** 
Lately wondering if I even have a mind ?! 
So apparently I have to find some way to entertain myself tomorrow . Hmmm 
Thinks some people she knows are on the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... 
Most people know about the ' < PROPFEMALE > Rule ' whether they consider themselves religious or not .... I'm glad I have friends and family who understand and follow : Do unto others as you would have others do unto you . To my way of thinking , it's the only way to live . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week ... ... and this is in honor of all those wonderful kids 
Any\ 
book that helps a child to form a habit of reading , to make reading one\ 
of his deep and continuing needs , is good for him . ( < PROPFEMALE > Angelou ) 
Had my second set of epidural injections today ... feeling ok , need to take it easy for the day . See the surgeon tomorrow to set up the surgery ... gahh ! 
Whew . Toooo much ! 
Counting down to Friday . 
3 days 
One busy day today , getting things ready ... shopping , sorting , and so forth . Hope I can sleep tonight , it hasn't been too easy lately ! 
This one's for you , Teresa : \ 
ANY < PROPMALE > CAN MAKE A BABY BUT IT TAKES A MAN TO BE A DADDY 
Word for Today : Compassion 
Good night everyone ... see you some time next week ! 
Mmm Cream of Wheat and applesauce , anyone ? 
has that restless , wanna-do-something feeling ... but doesn't know if she has the strength to go very far yet ... < sigh > 
don'tcha just love the neck bling ? 
Corner Brewery\ 
Alt 22 release party is tomorrow 6-8pm . Free for mug clubbers or $10 \ 
admission . Unlimited Alt 22 for two hours , appetizers and listen to \ 
owners , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > Greff , talk about the beer . 30% off to-go six \ 
packs of Alt for release party attendees !!! See y'all tomorrow . 
I like it in any spot that's convenient ! 
Time to take this collar off for a while .... makin ' me sweat ! 
Had a fun time at a Halloween party last night . Lots of good people and gruesome snacks . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Love the Pool Paradise , too ... hope the CSI folks fished the body out of the pool ! lol 
OK , I can't believe the governor vetoed the Sunday liquor sales law change . Grrr ! 
Had a great day in Ypsi , topped off with music by Sharky & the Habit ! Wooooo ! 
Had a great evening with friends , for a surprise birthday party ! Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > , and best of wishes in everything you choose to do ! 
I hate it when FB chat freezes in the middle of a conversation ! 
DETROIT 187 .... the more I see , the more I like . Nice character development . 
Put\ 
this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is\ 
that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a\ 
choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and\ 
EQUAL RIGHTS . 64% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your\ 
... status for at least one hour ? 
I just wanted to speak up about the Photo Memories feature that's been showing up on FB lately ... it's such fun to look back at past times and remember how great they were ! 
Had an excellent day with my hubby and son and his friends , and my daughter even popped in for a while ! Coffee and shopping and food and beer ... what else could we have needed ! 
Just wondering ... would anyone is my area < SE Mich > happen to have a girls size 10 or 12 cheerleading outfit available for Halloween ? Doesn't matter the team or colors ... my granddaughter is having a hard time finding one that isn't too scanty from the costume stores ! 
Pardon me while I drop out for a while . 
Good thing I got my neckbolts tightened in time for Halloween ! 
Ten Walking Dead viewers here tonight , I hope it's good ! 
has the feeling that her back won't allow her to stand in line at the polls today ... 
Had a terrific evening with Megs and < PROPFIRST > and a bunch of friends ... the group kept morphing around us all evening and it was so relaxing and interesting and fun ! 
Tinychat time ! Click the link to see me - http://tinychat.com/walterhh 
To those we've loved , or loved and lost ... All my life's a Circle , sunrise and sundown , the < PROPFEMALE > rolls thru the nighttime , til the daybreak comes around ... All my life's a Circle , but I can't tell you why ,. Season's spinning round and round ... the years keep rolling by ... Thanks , < PROPMALE > , for giving me these words to share ... 
Hope tomorrow puts me in a better state of mind and a lesser state of pain . G'night friends . 
This is so aggravating , my fb chat isn't working right , and my fb for iphone isn't working right ... gah ! 
Vote to keep < PROPFEMALE > Grey & < PROPMALE > Hough dancing on ABC ! \ 
\ 
http://soc.li/CzJAcwD 
You know what I love ? How our family and friends , and our families ' friends all mix and intertwine and have fun of one kind or another . It warms my heart so much to have such an extensive bunch of wonderful people to reach out and touch and enjoy ! 
I don't know what I did to deserve the kind of weekend I just had , but please , whoever's in charge of weekends , I don't want any more like it . Please ! 
“Democracy\ 
begins in human conversation . A democratic conversation does not \ 
require elaborate rules of procedure or utopian notions of perfect \ 
consensus . What it does require is a spirit of mutual respect - people \ 
conversing critically with one another in an atmosphere of honesty and \ 
shared regard . ” – < PROPFIRST > Greider , reposted from the Coffee Movement Party 
PLEASE\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in \ 
case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy \ 
and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of \ 
people are sitting in the shower with fire extinguishers , and the \ 
remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this 
full of alone-ness 
Well yeah . ok . 
has left the building ... 
thinkin ' some things aren't the way it was always believed ... 
has a husband , and he is home ... =) 
ok , it's almost 5 pm .... do I really need to get dressed today ? 
Gonna go spend some time tomorrow with oh my ! son , everyone have a great night ! 
Eric : I don't believe in punctuation , period . 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status . Invite your friends to do the same . 
Haha I love it that FB reminds me that it's Doc's and my anniversary on Saturday . How else would I remember ? 
I'm so wasted I poopt myself :( 
34 years today .... is marriage an institution or does it just put you there ? lol 
For any of my Island Paradise friends , I could still use some nails and rope to finish upgrading my barn . Thanks ! 
Yeah well .... whatev . 
I had a really great Friday with my kids ... spent the day with < PROPFIRST > in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , then had dinner with Megs in Brighton ... just wish < PROPFIRST > would answer his phone ~ ~ !! 
Whew .... after several busy days , I can sit down to tell everyone Happy Holidays ! I wish you all peace and love today and in the year to come . Hugs and kisses to all my special friends and family ! 
Goodnight , Mouseketeers 
Mmmmmmm Anodyne Coffee's Organic Brasil Chiapacla Diamantina , Chemexed for breakfast , with fresh Scottish scones ! Can it get any better ? 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please ... copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass it on . 
“Those who danced were thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music . ” ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ) < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , is this true ? lol thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If you judge people , you have no time to love them . This is from my friend < PROPFIRST > , who has been sharing some wonderful quotes . I think this one is especially poignant ! 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Re-post if you agree . I've posted this before , but it is worth repeating . Peace and Love ! 
Local friends , family , whomever ... < PROPMALE > Pianki will be playing at a < PROPFEMALE > concert at < PROPMALE > High School . There will be music for most of 2 days ; < PROPMALE > is playing at 9 p.m. on Saturday . This is for a local family ... see my recommendation below ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT********STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW ! SERIOUSLY !!!!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the national news 28\ 
.. That is Michigan , not NY 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be someone's first choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past ...... but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am ... or watch me as I walk away . Post this if you're proud of being you . 
I'm listening to the voices in my head and I've come to realize that they are having more fun than me . I'm gonna go join them for a few drinks ! hahaha thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for this one ! 
Kids and adults with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it . This one is always worth reposting ! 
Ok everyone . Thank you all SO much for all the wonderful birthday wishes . Only a few are aware that I am having lumbar spine fusion surgery today , so I may not be too responsive for a couple of days . Love to you all , see ya on the flipside ! 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour .... for any and everyone fighting a painful , life-stealing disease , love and the strength to overcome it coming your way with hugs and kisses ! 
Wednesday night update . Sleeping a lot , have a bellyache . Can't eat much at a time . typing is a big challenge Trying to get up and walk around a few times a day . Miss all my beds . One more handful of pills , maybe a snack , then bed again . nightnight 
Looking for/considering in-house physical therapy/rehab . somewhere in my area 
