Welcome 2010 ! 

Happy ! < PROPMALE > is up in the new gallery ! 
Thank God there's only like 2 weeks left of this semester ! 
ok , no more facebook or myspace or ebay or craigslist now . must write 8 < PROPFEMALE > research paper for ughhhh , research methods in sociology . coffee to the rescue ! 
Ya know how the tooth < PROPFEMALE > leaves $ under your pillow when u lose a tooth ? Well , why can't there be a homework < PROPFEMALE > that magically has your paper typed and double spaced under your pillow when you wake up ?! 
Why is when you're in line at the store some goof always has to push their cart so far ahead that it's jabbing into your spine when you're trying to swipe your card ? And why is that people seem to think it's ok to just leave their dogs poop everywhere ? I do not like stepping in poop or cleaning it up , which is why I do not own a dog . And why , why , why does this bitch feel the need to call me ? Where is my wine ?! 
February : Cell phone contract's up . May : Graduating . June : Raine done with school . July : Outta here . 
< PROPMALE > Miller . 
Last day of classes before finals - wooooohooooo ! Hellz yeah , bitches ! 
Raine dropped the cellphone in the bathtub . Not that I'm real dissappointed , but would be nice to have all the #'s out of it . Where is the Invincible Phone ?! 
One A down , three to go . . . hopefully . . . 
has offically given up on the hope of ever finishing this research paper . Laundry , housecleaning , painting , and finishing the Da Vinci code are winning out . Sorry , soc , but you lose . 
Looks like the wheels of < PROPFEMALE > are turning . Justice does still exist . Just takes a while longer . 
getting ready for Friday ! Woo hoo ! 
Tomorrow , tomorrow ! Open house , meet the artists reception , free food , free drink , and a good time can be had - < PROPMALE > SEEN 21 Public Square , WB 5-8pm . SEE IT !!! 
is ready for Wilkes-Barre ! You wanna see it ? Tonight's the night ! @ < PROPMALE > SEEN 21 Public Square WB 5-8 pm 
Mmmmm , a whole month with absolutely NOTHING on my agenda ! How delish ! Novels and paintings , here I come ! 
How come there's no cool photo uploader thing on my facebook ? I do not want to upload one photo at a time ! I don't get it ... 
Do NOT want to go to the mall . :( 
Life is good ! 
if something is giving you pause , maybe it's time to stop and listen 
Back on my grind , hey only january , february , march , april , and maybe a week of may to go ! Woo hoo ! The end is in sight now ! 
This is your life , and it's ending one minute at a time . . . 
man , homework , homework , and more homework . why do i put it all off until the last minute ? ..... sigh .... 
seeing double . Note to self : pick up new eyeglasses tomorrow , like you were supposed to do a few weeks ago 
I think it's gonna be one of those nights again ... 
dealing with my sick kid , trying to get homework done , must get house cleaned , must do laundry , somebody just shoot me ... 
Going back to bed so I can have more strange dreams in my feverish , delirious state . 
Back to my normal cantankerous self after my 18 hours of sleep or whatever it was . Feel better now ! 
It's cold , but that sun is nice and bright ! I'm goin ' to get me some vitamin D - good for the bones , skin , and mood ! 
Jeez , just when I was starting to get the < PROPFEMALE > of this facebook thing , they go and c < PROPFEMALE > e everything on me again . Damn kids and your techological innovations . 
Well , wtf . last day of at&t contract . Call to cancel service and I was disconnected . what does that mean ? Should I just wait & see if my phone shuts off , or should I call back ?! 
Where the heck's all this snow we were supposed to get ?! 
Cinnamon Raisin Bagels & Coffee . Then I'm going out to get a little Vitamin D . 
I need some motivation to do homework . :( 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeepppppppppppppppp 
Countdown : 4 weeks to spring break ! 
Let it snow , let it snow ! Woohoo ! 
Ooh 8 to 14 inches ! 
I have the best neighbor ! 
... and my kid's in the house . Go figure . 
Made some soup & I'm going back out to play ! 
Only 15 hours til the children go back to school ! 
has come to a conclusion . 
Loves how people snowblow paths that lead directly into a 10 foot high snowbank . Like you couldn't at least give the poor pedestrians an out to the road ?! 
has come to yet another conclusion : I really can't stand people ! 
spring break , spring break , spring break 
Four hours of trying to do homework and I've read a whole 16 pages . WTF is wrong with me ? 
Hope everyone has a fantabulous < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
Almost done w/ homework . Gettin the Led out ! < PROPFIRST > Plant live in concert on Rock 107 ! 
Mission accomplished . Somewhat . 
To hell with any more homework . Mañana . Novel . Sleep . 
Wakey wakey ! Can't believe we're gonna get another snowstorm when that sun is shining so bright right now 
Come on DEEEEELAY ! Stupid HASD . 
Have an appointment with my advisor to discuss my future plans . Um , yeah , with like 10% unemployment rate , 500 people applying for a job at a restaurant in Hazleton , student < PROPFEMALE > payments , everything going up except paychecks , my future plan is to < PROPFEMALE > myself . 
ohhhhhh , too much long < PROPFIRST > silvers 
Ah , life . . . 
Gallery duty mañana . 
Come on caffiene , do what you do . 
Back from gallery duty . Had a good day . All's well , spring's on the way , and thing's are gonna be gettin ' better . :) 
praying for that freezing rain , cuz I'm a slacker and haven't done my homework . whoops ! :) 
Ahhhh , sleep and ( hopefully ) sweet dreams . . . 
Wow , did everything I was supposed to today . I think . Guess I'm really excited about this party on Saturday , lol ! 
guess i have to pull the ol carhatts on and get out there with the shovel . that is IF i can get out my front door , lol ! 
Well , I've managed to squeeze out my snowed in front door , and find the steps , and partially dig out my car , and my tummy's all nice & full of pot roast , so now I guess it's homework time . 
oh , whhhhhhhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ?! Must make it through today , Wed , Thur , and Friday !!! 
Monday : 48 and < PROPFEMALE > . No school . Wonder if they'd commit me for setting up the lawn chair in the snow & catchin ' some rays ? 
GEESE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Spring cleaning :) 
according to my child , she does not need to go to school to learn anything because she knows everything already ! rofl ! 
A chorus of birds , the tulips are growing , and the sun's shining bright . Doesn't get much better ! 
just wants a nap , goddamnit ! 
Nervous . Career fair . 
So nice to be back home , in my sweats , and get those goddawful shoes off my feet ! Now , if I could just find my voice again , I'd be alright . 
feels like death eating a cracker . Maybe crackers would help . 
Anybody see the standard speaker & who got arrested ? Does this surprise anyone ? Weren't they calling this guy a child molester when we were like 14 ?! 
Student < PROPFEMALE > repayment , ugh . Time to get a damn job . 
Federal or state job ( stability , stay in the area ) , private sector job ( maybe better salary , but have to move to big city , and higher probability of being unemployed ) , < PROPFEMALE > myself , or go back to waitressing and default on my student loans ? Look for a job near here ( limited options but low rent & expenses ) , move ( better options , but pay more for everything) ? Move ? Where ? I'm so Hazleton who would take me ? 
Got me my chaise lounge . So if I start stockpiling Vitamin D and UV rays now , will that prevent SAD this winter ? 
Chaise lounge oh yeah ! 
Yay , it's the war of the car stereos . Let's see how hard we can thump that bass . ooooohhhhh ! This summer ought to be especially enjoyable . 
Good Morning ! 
Happy Easter ! Where's the hrutka ?!!!!! 
Don't want to go to school , I want to wash my car ! :( Wax on wax off ! 
Can't find my damn car keys grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! Why does this always happen when I have 5 million places to go ?! 
Really freaked out that my daughter went on a field trip today to the circus , and apparently sometime later ? an elephant killed it's trainer ! Thank God she didn't witness this ! 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ............................... 
can't take anymore of this today 
Time to get a move on ! 
Third Friday ! 
Who taught these kids how to bag groceries ? Common sense bananas do not go on top of bread . Bag of apples do not go on top of goldfish crackers . 
Got a 100 on my 8 < PROPFEMALE > American Legal Procedures Paper . Feel pretty freaking awesome ! Only 2 weeks left of school and 1 math final on my bday ! 
would like to know why I haven't gotten my unemployment this week ? 
glad I'm not going crazy yet . . . at least in regards to whether I filed my unemployment or not ! :) 
Oh coffee I <3 U ! 
Again with the park job , grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Earth Day ! <3 u Mama Earth ! 
Git ' er done ! You can do it Duffy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ready to rip out my hair over school ugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh can't wait til it's all done ! 
Am Govt final , math tutoring , math homework , math class , presentation on my website , writing for the web class , finishing current event paper that was due yesterday , reading a poem out loud tomorrow ( ugh ) , can't wait til it's all over with ! 
Why can't people park in front of thier own damn house ?! 
Ah , full < PROPFEMALE > , that's what it is ! 
Two advil and a few deep breaths . . . 
Halfway through one final paper . Thank you Third Base Hoagie , thank you Diet Coke , and thank you Advil . And thank Mom for getting the kid out of my hair . But mostly Power to the Third Base Hoagie !!! 
1 1/2 final papers finished , math review questions sorta finished . 1 1/2 more final papers to do by tomorrow . Study for math final , have 6 poems , 1 8-20pg short story , a 500+ word report on a book of short stories , and an e-portfolio done for monday . I think I can , I think I can . . . 
Hoping Raine has a better day at school . Yesterday she said 2 of her classmates told the class not to be her friend anymore . Dislike ! 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS Done with my online classes ! 
Wow Facebook why do you suck so much tonight ? 
Ok , now just have to make my e-portfolio and study for my math test . Which is worth 200 of 600 points for the whole class , every q 6 or 7 pts ugh FML ! 
Fucking bored now - gonna go mow the lawn or something and probably give myself a hernia or a heart attack as I've done nothing but sit on my ass for the past 6 months 
So much for that idea . . . Where'd this cake come from ? Whoever left it better come and help me eat it ! 
Me : -100 energy + Kid : +100 energy = big clashes today . grrrrrr tired . . . . 
is fairly certain my gpa has been shot to shit this semester . 
I love when I buy the jumbo size bottle of Pantene one night , and go to take a shower the next morning and find the whole bottle empty . My kid is fucking lucky she's at school right now . 
Little cretins that live in my dryer are shrinking all my pants again . It's their goal to inflict upon me the dreaded cameltoesis . Bastards . 
Happy Mother's day everyone ! 
Getting ready to go to the < PROPMALE > show at Penn State Hazleton . Nervous ! 
Home now thank God , getting these damn heels off and putting my sweats on ! 
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddddddddd .......................... 
3 A's , 2 A-'s , and 1 B+ . Coulda been better , but whatever . 
Blah , blah , blah . 
Cleaned my room and found $20 and a pack of smokes ! :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is ... While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her ... While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic\ 
Violence 
Dinner : New York Strip Steaks , baked potatoes with cheddar and bacon , FRESH CORN ON THE COB !!!! ( waiting so many months for this - giant 5/$2 people ! ) , and for desert chocolate strawberry shortcakes with whipped cream ohhhhhhhh yeahhhhhhhh ! 
Graduation tonight , going out to celebrate tomorrow ! Yeehaw ! 
Is there a do not call list for cell phones ?! I'm ready to frigging scream . 
Going out to celebrate graduating w/ highest distinction and getting the Kostos award and my birthday and being fucking awesome ! ;) Thanks to all my friends for putting up w/ my shitty behavior while I worked to get this , thanks to < PROPMALE > Palahnuik for writing Fight Club , and thanks to 2 evil women whose names both start w/ L for treating me like shit & making me work that much harder at this . It ain't over yet . :) 
Fight club !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
A police officer is working the streets { day or\ 
night } to keep you safe . A police officer is missing their family while\ 
caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , police officers\ 
all over the world are saving lives .? It's Police Officer Appreciation\ 
Week ,. re post if you are a police officer , love a police officer or\ 
appreciate a police officer 
Day 1 of my job search and I'm ready to call it quits and go back to waitressing . Why is looking for a job more work than just working ? And who goes to a job fair wearing tye-dye and jeans ? And you people wonder why there's no jobs here . Y'all are just a shining example of the best Hazleton has to offer . If I was looking to start a biz here , I'd turn around and run like hell . 
soooooo boooooorrrrrrreeeeedddddddd ugh 
Got shit to do and this lousy weather just makes me want to stay in bed all day 
Oh the sheer joy of motherhood and the mystery of how my house could go from immaculate to pigsty in 2.5 seconds ! 
washed that bitch like I was getting ready to sell her ! 
The prospect of having to look for a job downright terrifies me . Is this normal ? 
Videos taking forever to play , is it my computer ? 
I certainly hope there was video production going on last night , ahem . . . < PROPMALE > . 
hot toooooo hottttttt ! gotta love the fools w/ their hoodies & wool hats on in this 90 degree weather ! 
Rock on London , Rock on Chicago 
omfg 
dying of heatstroke 
Job hunting gives me chest pains . 
I love how it's been like 80 for the past two weeks , and of course now that schools done we're back now to near freezing 
Finally found a job opportunity that I would LOVE to have ! Now just crossing my fingers , hoping and praying that I get it ! Wish me luck ! ;) 
:) Got a callback ! :) :) :) 
Yard sale if the weather cooperates . I have \more books than you can shake a stick at\ " so if you know any readers send ' em my way ! " 
Making chicken parm mmmmmmmmmm ! 
Bored out of my mind 
Had a great day at Tuscarora with my precious daughter and my lovely neighbors ! 
Ah , I need references ! 
Slept too late . It's wonderful having neighbors who blast the music til 2 in the morning or later . Not . 
Ok I'm up at 4:39 a.m. Fabulous . 
Oh my nerves . 
Kids n ' a dog . Think I'll keep the dog and get rid of the kids lol ! <3 u < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Monster migraines all day :( But I did get to see two fat chics with pants way too short and way too tight fighting over one of them's \marido\ " and that amused me for a while lol ! :) " 
I want to be onstage with < PROPFIRST > Duritz . 
Seriously ? These people had a deer carcass in their house ? WTF ? 
Since when I am a fan of Petville ? This is what I get for leaving Raine on the computer I guess , lol ! Vacation I say ! That's what I need ! 
Vacation I say ! I want sand and water , margaritas and coladas , all you can eat buffets , hot sun , cool swimming pools , room service , air conditioning , need I go on ? 
God Weather , make up your mind already !!! 
Somebody please come rescue this cat . This girl moved and left it to starve ( how anyone can do that I dunno ) and it keeps trying to come in my house . It's beautiful white with one blue eye and one green . I can't have pets and the shelter won't take her . :( 
My baby is 8 years old today ! Hope the party goes good ! 
Happy that the rain held off for the party , but now wishing it would really pour and maybe cool things off a little ! Raine had a good time ! :) 
Raine is going to the dentist today ! 
Really who the f cares about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s wedding ?!!! 
7 a.m. one pot of coffee and half a pack of cigarettes down . sleep - none . Yay . 
very uncomfortable . and it would be nice to be able to sit outside and enjoy some fresh air , but so effing much for that I guess . 
right in your eye ! 
If you were my checkbook where would you be ? And please don't tell me in a hotel in < PROPFEMALE > Beach . 
Ah , peace and quiet , finally !!! I've waited all summer long for this ! 
So , anybody know the name of the 29 year old teacher that was doing her 18 year old student at HAHS ?! Curiosity's killing me here people ! 
< PROPMALE > ya big freakin ' waste , I guess you're gonna make me < PROPMALE > through cobwebs and darkness and triple locks just to get out the hose and water my plants , ya old bastard . 
Ya ever just wake up with a strong sudden urge to punch somebody right in the face ? Me neither , but as the day goes on , whoa < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Looks like a nice day to hose the bitch down . Wax on , wax off ! 
Freezing my arse off ! I'll take the snow , the rain , the heat , whatever , but this wind has to go ! 
Well , I was gonna go shopping but I got to Dollar General , and I had a flat . :( But thanks to 2 DOMINICAN guys who pointed that out and put the spare on for me !!! :) 
Job interview tomorrow . Ready to throw up , oh my nerves , already ! Must do something about this social anxiety problem . :( 
ohmynervesohmynervesohmynervesohmynervesohhhhhhhmyyyyyyyyynerrrrrrrvvvves !!! 
Omg , soooo bored , soooo tired . Going to get some new tires , up next - inspection and then my bitch is all ready for winter . 
These fucking people on Ebay piss me the fuck off . They leave positive feedback and then they email you that they didn't receive the item ?! WTF ?! I have the delivery confirmation , that shit was delivered !!!! I'm fucking done , anymore I'm selling on Craigslist , fuck this , people can pay cash and if they don't pay or give me a hard time , I'll poke out their eyes and skull fuck them !!!! 
Life can be such a sad , cruel joke . The people that are decent get shit on , and the scumbags just go around doing whatever they want all the time and suffer no consequences for it . Ah , well , < PROPFEMALE>'s a big bad bitch and every dog has his day ! :) 
Mama's got P.M.S. and a credit card . When you dish out the bad , just remember it comes round like a boomerang . Hope someone's ready to catch it . On the playlist for tonight : Pavarotti , Miley < PROPMALE > , Slipnot , Manson , Puccini , and Verdi . Enjoy , enjoy ! 
Quieren jugar , vamos a jugar . < PROPFEMALE > Pavarotti , < PROPFEMALE > Placido < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Madame Butterfly ! 
Well < PROPFIRST > Callas , Non capisco < PROPFEMALE > accidente che si sta dicendo , but you're gonna be f < PROPFEMALE > at 5:30 a.m. ;) 
Hmmm . I wonder if some certain persons enjoy listening to the sopranos of the opera at 7 in the morning as much as I love listening to thumping bass at 3:30 in the morning . Wonder how that tastes ?! ;) 
Oh gee , some people can dish it out , but they can't take it . Awwww , poooorrrrr babies . :( 
Note to the world : A credit card carrying woman with P.M.S. is NOT the person you want to fuck with . 
Hmmm . Perhaps I will be able to solve a < PROPMALE > problem for only $34.99 . :) 
People that have no respect or consideration for other people are not deserving of respect themselves . I'm done putting up with people's shit , and from this day forward I'm just gonna tell people exactly what I think about them , and whatever they give , they are just gonna get it right back 10fold . So there . Put that in your fucken crack pipe and smoke it ! 
Did I hear somebody say they want to hear some Slipknot ?! :) 
Looking for a job . This shit's depressing . I should've gone to school for engineering or some shit . Sales , sales , sales , who the fuck wants to sell shit ? And then they want to pay you a minimum salary and tell you you'll make $ 100,000 with commissions . My ass . 
feels GREAT after a good night's rest ! Ah , peace and quiet !!!! Wonder if someone got the hint ? If not , it's okay , I didn't even drag out the Slipknot yet . :) 
Life is short . Today sounds like a good day to do something you always wanted to do . Me , I thinking I might like to get myself a guitar and learn how to play . :) 
WTF ? Burglaries , Jeddo , Freeland . . . Dear God , Please . One word . Powerball . 60+ acres in Montana or Wyoming and a barbed wire fence sound good to me . I'm really getting tired of all this . 
Boy it sure is nice to get a good nights sleep . Today looks like a good day to clean the dog shit out of the yard . Which is kind of funny considering I DON'T OWN A DOG !!!! 
I keep having nightmares that I'm working 2 jobs . One at < PROPFEMALE>'s and one at Long < PROPFIRST > Silver's . I think I just ran out of unemployment too . Is that what it's gonna come down to ? FML . 
Should have known the peace was too good to last . If it's not thumping bass , then it's domestic violence . Fucking ridiculous already . People , please , lay off the crack a while ! 
Ok , so anybody know of any apts/houses for rent in Drifton , Weatherly , Freeland , Drums ? The middle of bumfuck nowhere perhaps ? Long as I can find a job to go w/ it out there . . . Prefer a single house , but I'll deal w/ the neighbor thing long as they don't shoot , sell , or smoke crack or heroin . Pot smokers I'll deal with . I just want to fucking sleep at night . Thanks . 
Well , put my name in the new diner . We'll see what happens . I want the cash and I want it now ! 
To make it Stand , You Wet it ! To make it Wet , You Suck it ! To make it Stiff , You Lick it ! To Get It In , You Push it ! Damn !!!! Threading a Needle when you're AN OLD FART is a BITCH . 
Is Hickory Hills still a decent place to live , or are they also suffering from crack infestation ? Anyone know ? 
need a goddamn caffiene drip to get me going today 
When will the past stop affecting the present ? What's done and over with is done and over with people . Is anybody the same person they were 10 years ago ? I doubt it . 
12,999,999 and me . 
is going to bed . I better not hear a peep out of anyone . 
If I don't find a job soon I'm gonna go < PROPMALE > some crack dealers so I can pay . . . for guitar and < PROPMALE > lessons . . . and my rent and groceries , but you know , we gotta get the important things outta the way first . :) 
God FB , WTF ? 
OMG these online job applications , WTF ? The silly questionnaires and whatnot . Wow . What else do they want to know ? How many times a day people wipe their ass and what kind of toilet paper they use ? Jesus , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . I'm developing carpal tunnel from filling them out . 
is hoping that the warm weather keeps the schizos outside and I don't have to hear no crazy stories up the gallery ! 
And nobody better try to pass me no fake $100 bills , and my car best not give me no shit , and nobody better mess around with my car none either , and most of all no schizo street people telling me crazy ass stories ! I've got a T-Square , ya hear me ? I'll fuck you up ! 
Home from gallery doo-tayyy . No schizo street people , no sales , and my car only gave me a little bit of shit . 
Oh fall boots ! :( Damn you < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret . 
gettin ' the led out and the caffeine in and going to git ' er done ! Hellz yeah ! 
is seriously contemplating a change in scenery . 
Mmm , listen to all that furniture being dragged down the steps . Could it be ? Will peace and quiet be just only a few hours away ? 
is very proud of my daughter who got her first progress report today and her lowest grade is a 90 in gym . Of course . Thank God she got mama's brains and dada's good looks , lol ! 
My my my , all of a sudden I live in a nice neighborhood again . How bout them apples ? 
Oh , my bad , I thought it was all over , but it's not done yet . :( No one here all day , and now we are moving stuff at 11 p.m. making as much noise as they possibly can and I have a job interview tomorrow . Fucking greeeeaaaaattttt . Never fails . I give up . 
enjoying the peace , quiet , lack of stress , the rain , the memory of the awesome sleep I had last night , and my renewed spirit cuz of it all . Time to go make some split pea soup . 
Oh my eyyyyyyeeeeee . 
Like 12 hours of sleep ! I feel 16 again ! 
The sun is shining , everything's so peaceful , it's going to be a beautiful day ! 
R.I.P. 
is awake . 
The conspiracy theorist in me wonders if the bedbugs are operating as a low key economic stimulus . I'm doing some decluttering and I called Catholic Social Services to see if they would take some of this kitchen stuff and they told me they are not taking any donations because of \The Bug Situation . \ " I wonder what the poor people are supposed to do then ? Go dumpster diving ? " 
movin ' to the country gonna eat me a lot of peaches 
So I got up and had like 5 cups of coffee , and then I went online to peruse the papers and apparently I AM SUPPOSED TO BE BOILING MY WATER !!!! ACK , WHHHHHYYYYY ???!! 
a glass of wine . A glass of wine is on my mind . Only one !?! Time to replenish my supply . :( 
An interesting fact about October 2010 : This October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays , all in 1 month . It happens once in 823 years . These are moneybags . Paste it on your status and money will appear in 4 days . Based on Chinese feng shui . Whoever stops this will experience ............ none . ( Money is good ! ) 
Double blessed - out the job early and it is a beautiful day ! :) 
Went to the store and forgot to buy cigarettes . Now I have to go to sleep b/c I only have 1 left . :( On the menu for tomorrow : Chocolate covered bacon . :) 
Hey I got money in 3 days ! I won $16 on the powerball ! And y'all didn't believe in my feng shui ! Suckers ! 
WTF is the point of any and all of this ? I think I'm just going to fashion myself a marijuana habit and say fuccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk everything ! 
900 things are on my mind . Like why is my computer being a bastard ? Why is it that when you take your kid to the doctor for something mild they always end up getting sick with something worse within a week ? Why am I not making enough money ? Why did I not get the hell out of here when I had the < PROPMALE > ? 
Listen .... If ever the Roads meant something to you ..... if you have a memory that started at the Roads .... If you ever knew the heart of the Roads End Pub .... pass this post on and be there on Saturday Night to say good bye and to give < PROPFIRST > a hug .... he needs it . 
My computer either needs a good swift kick in the ass , or I need to call up Verizon and give them hell . 
Oh aren't there somedays when you just cannot wait to send the kids off to school ?! Lol ! But I sent her wearing purple & I don't think I have any purple clothes . Hope purple eyeshadow works . 
Always so much to do and so little time in which to get it done . 
Yay ! My car's inspected ! 
Ahhhh , sleep , nine hours of glorious uninterrupted sleep on the weekend ! Ahhhhhhh ! What a blessing ! 
Does anybody know what time the dogs dressed up for Halloween thing is in Freeland today ? 
Tomorrow 
ugggghhhhhh went to bed early trying to catch up on sleep and had a horrible nightmare . Now I'll be up all frigging night , and oh God it was awful . 
Can't seem to keep up with the pace of my life . But it's ridiculous . I'm like a hamster on a wheel , always running and running and never actually making any progress . 
and then again maybe I AM making progress . Oh my nerves . Holy shit I dunno if I'm ready for this !!!! 
I GOT THE JOB !!!!!!!!!!! I'M GONNA BE OUT THIS BITCH !!!!!!!! HELLLZZZZZZ YEAH !!!!!!!! But I'm gonna miss all my friends . :( Love you guys ! 
Oh the joys of apartment hunting on unfamiliar territory ! 
Ay chingada what craziness ! Lmfao !!! The fact that I'm gonna be outta here soon ? Fucking PRICELESS !!! 
Well , since I can't punch Barletta in the face without getting arrested , I did the next best thing . I VOTED KANJORSKI !!!! :) Good luck Democrats ! Get out and rock the vote , only takes a minute !! 
Well , I guess this spells trouble for us poor folk . We are still in a recession are we not ? So that means quite a few of us . I would just like to thank the man upstairs for helping me out and leading me to a good paying job and the opportunity to get the hell out of HTown . Maybe I will be able to afford rent , groceries , and child care now and I won't have to worry too much about what these jerk offs do in office . 
Apartment hunting is making my skull hurt . 
Why is it so hard to return a simple email or phone call ? And now the house phone's battery is dead , and my cell phone seems to have completely died for no good reason that I can see , so I can't even begin calling these people for the 900th time . Ugggghhhhhh grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Ok , note to self : Thou shalt only take apartment that I will be happy in . Must have laundry facilities ! Must not have scumbag neighbors ! Can be old , but must be clean ! Thou shalt call , consolidate , defer , and by any other means lower my student < PROPFEMALE > payments tomorrow so I can afford said apartment . 
#1 was dirty & smelly & 1000/mo . #2 smelled like cat piss & the ceiling was falling down . #3 was immaculate . #4 was okay . #5 I didn't even go to because he was spitting the whole time we were on the phone & he's evicting the people b/c \They're scumbags . \ " #6 was on the 3rd floor & the previous tenant moved out b/c of allergies ?!! " 
Oh yay it gets dark at 5:00 now . I just want to go the hell to bed and it's only 6 p.m. Fuck winter ! 
I'm going to sell all my wordly possessions because I hate moving . Anybody in need of anything ? 
Ok , things are working out . Thank you Jesus . 
Thanks to all of you who have given up your time , your freedom , your life in some cases , and time with your babies so that the rest of us can have our time , our freedom , our lives , and our time with our babies . God bless each & everyone of you . 
Always the drama , always the violence . WTF is wrong with people ? I am so goddamn glad I'm leaving this town and getting away from these people . Whatever happened to live and let live ? Why are people so fucked up ? Why do people want to hurt other people ? Man , I hate that shit . 
In less than 72 hours . . . 
Well , shit how bout them apples ? Thank you for prayers answered and awesome friends . 
Damn , my kid ate all the good Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Yeah , cuz I'm sure that a person can be capable of beating themselves so badly that they have to get LIFEFLIGHTED !!! Wow . Ya ever know someone that if they just keeled over , no matter how badly it sounds , that you'd just have to go and pop open a bottle of champagne ? 
Damn , don't tell me < PROPFEMALE>'s coming to kick some ass , and I'm not going to be here to see it !!! = 0 
Hmmmm , been awful quiet alllllll day here in FB land . What does it all mean ? Is someone on the move , maybe ? 
Ok , here's a question . Does anyone have one of those dorm sized refridgerators laying around they are not using ? I need one like yesterday . I'll trade whatever , maybe somebody needs a washer , dryer , TV , VCR , couches , dressers ? 
I <3 my new job & my new town , first time ever I've gone a whole week without having a temper tantrum or yelling or being a miserable bitch or just wanting to kick someone in the head . Hope everyone is doing as lovely as me ! XO Now what is the scoop ? Have any scumbags gotten arrested or anything exciting happened ? 
To shovel or not to shovel , that is the question . 
We're the psychosemantic police . You can't even see us , so how in the fuck can u do anything about us ? 
Getting the led out early on a Sunday morning . My neighbors must love me ! 
And counting crows , inxs , and some insure 90s one hit wonders . 
How is it possible to make more collecting unemployment for a year than you've ever made working ? 
Ugh more freaking snow , another freaking school delay , grrrrrrrr ...... 
I <3 all of u ! Look ! Look ! The suns about to come up ! And if I open up my window , which I won't b/c it's 9° I'd hear chickens & geese & horses later ! And I've got yummy coffee and heat and I'm gonna go paint pretty pictures ! Xo 
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care , for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or Ill . -buddha 
Move and the way will open -Zen proverb 
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows . -Buddha 
Free ! Child . I'll pay support ! 
No heat , water , or electric . Fantab ! Hope they fix this asap 
Yay ! Power's back on after a cereal dinner for 2 by candlelight & oldies on the battery operated radio . Now if my feet would warm back up ! 
OMG there's like a freaking foot of snow outside ! You'd think I was in the poconos or something . 
Well I attempted to go work , but I failed miserably . My back hurts so bad from shoveling that I can't even lift up an asscheek to let out a fart . Now I'm gonna go throw myself in a snow pile & maybe I'll go numb , lol ! 
Yesssssss it's Friday ! And instead of having to bust my ass & work 30 hours within the next 3 days I get to relaxxxxx ! WooooohoooooFUCCCCCKKKKKKK WAITRESSING !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ugh , doing double time at the laundromat b/c I forgot to start one load til the others were dry ... uuuugggggggghhhhhhhhhh ...... 
It's gonna STORM !!!! 
OMG my kid is up since 5 . Any other day I can't rouse her . 
You would think with all the miracles of modern technology we would be able to accurately predict the weather more than an hour in advance 
Chemtrails ? 
My kid just busted face on the sidewalk . :( 
Mmm chicken parm .... mmmmmmmmmmm 
Three things cannot be long hidden : the sun , the < PROPFEMALE > , and the TRUTH . 
Had a nice day at the zoo with my babygirl ! 
< PROPMALE > us women in the laundromat have sharp objects like knitting needles & scissors & nailfiles so I wouldn't get out of line over the big washers if I were u ! 
Nobody likes a hoverer . 
Rise and shine fuckers ! The early bird gets the fresh coffee ! Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! <3 
The person who left their dogs to die in cresco is the man who owns the blue comet diner ! BOYCOTT so he can see what it feels like not to eat ! Repost 
Thousands of birds falling from the sky , fishes washing up on shore , dead bees & cows , record unemployment , food shortages ... not to worry people-your government & corporate sponsored media says everything is a-ok ! 
Ya know ... if women ran the world we wouldn't have all these problems . Just sayin ' . 
What a bunch of bullshit 
Lol the convoy song !!! 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
\you're the craziest son of a bitch I've ever seen \"...\" exactly . I'm an american \"" 
Where does one sign up for this \revolution\ " ? Because I am so ready for it ! " 
Nature's first green is gold ... 
I'm smiling because I don't live here anymore ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > with rains . Awwww ! <3 
Good morning world ! 
Exhausted , tired of clouds & the news . On the bright side , I saw a butterfly yesterday ! 
