This year I have decided to make New Year resultions ! 1 . To work out everyday , that includes sit ups , leg lifts , weight lifting , bun work out , inner thigh work out , chest exercise !, To eat more healthy than I usually do , eat alot less , To be nicer to my husband ( sometimes he can really tic me off ) Be more positive than ever before ! Laugh about something every day ! Spend more time having fun !! 

Ok it is time for a shower after walking 2 < PROPMALE > . Cut it one mile short today ... Kinda tired . Walk Hard !! 
How did he do that ? Praying right now ! Please let me know !!!! 
IT is now time to hit the road !! Gotta go for my walk , jog , walk , jog with my dog !!! She likes to drag me at a faster pace .... So here I go !!!!! 
i well be going to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > house and have a party 
i love are dog shorty she is american bit bull she is so good 
i love my husband he is hot he is so sexy 
Ok < PROPFIRST > !!! I am shutting up now . I took that test and results are the same !. We are our own indivigual people !!! We don't belong in a group or class !!!!! We are Special ! 
Happy Father's Day to all you wonderful men w/wo children !!! Have a great and happy day !!! Visit your Dad's 
Now getting ready to go sweat some more !! Time for a walk . So do you think I am crazy .? I do not use my A/C in my truck . It works fine but I like to be conservative and not burn as much fuel !!! 
What has happened . FB kicked me off for a second ! 
Yeah !! I am really excited today !!!! I lost 7 pounds !!!!! I have been waiting Yeah !!!! 
WOW FB is really busy tonite . It has kicked me off 4 times . 
Hey what i sent you would be for you know who ? HAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
Country living . I can hear the crickets , loctus , and the coyotes hawling !!! Gotta love it !! 
Well this is the latest I have stayed up in forever !!! Good nite !!! 
Now is time for my daily exercise ... Gotta go walking !!!! 
Tell him to take his Meds . 
My son's girlfriend brought me some Beautiful Pink Roses ... < PROPFEMALE > is GREAT !!! Make a wonderful wife for my son who's B-day is tomorrow ... He will be 20 !!! Not telling my age I had him when I was 15 !!! hahahaha !!! 
OOHH True Blood is on in 9 < PROPFEMALE > . Only 2 more shows left .. 
On my way home saw some real COOL old car going down HW66 ! 
Today what can you say !!! Somedays just be that way !!! You have to take what you want out of life ... Stop sitting by and get up and get what you want !!! Yeah Ha Ride'em < PROPFIRST > !!! GABR !!!! 
WHO IS FRANK ?..... Can you guess ? Can you figure it out !!! 
Gotta go till later !!! 
FB sure has opened a whole new world ! Found some good friends and found some relatives also !!! I hate it when everybody moves sooo far away !!! 
Time to Huff and Puff Gotta go get busy walking/jogging . I have somehow got to get my son in shape ! And myself also ... I will get there soooooonnnnn !!!!! 
Feel really good !!! I do really love to exercise ! It makes you feel sooo ALIVE !!!! 
Life ... Is it everything ?... Are you happy , or are you sad ?.. You have to make your own happiness ... life is not anything unless you can be happy most of the time !!! You have to make that happen !!! You choose how you want to feel !!!! You make me happy !!! 
Today is a new day . New outlooks on life . Choose your < PROPFEMALE > and live it to the fullest !! Make it exciting ! 
Well it is Desperate House Wives , Brothers and Sisters ans Drop Dead Diva !!! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !!! 
Today was a great day !! Friends , family , and fun ! Thank you and good nite ! 
Today I am starting a new < PROPFEMALE > in my life ! Never know I may end up writing about it ! 
Just moving stores that's all ! I am still living where I always have ! It is a new chapter in my life . It is new and it starts a new chapter ! 
Today and any day find something to laugh about ! < PROPFEMALE > you are sooo very funny !!! 
Today is a new day ! New things ! Everything can be new !!! 
It is a great feeling knowing that you made someone elses day better !!! Knowing that they did not dread getting up and coming to work !!!! 
Is wondering why life has to be a < PROPFEMALE > !!!????? Who intended for it to be that way ? KIS is my moto !!! 
Ok life is much better today ! 
Give me your eyes so I can see ! Everything that I have been missing ! 
Silence , try to fathum the distance , carved across the canyon ! Can you guess the singers of this song ? God is gracious , though sin has seperated us ! For those of you who know POG initials of the group ! 
Tis the season to be jolly !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody on my FB !!! Have a great time and remember to be thankful for the time you get to spend with your family !!!! And friends !! Love ya all !!! 
Ok I have managed to make < PROPFEMALE > cheesecake , Sin , and Turtle Pumpkin Pie ! Man I should just get them already made , but it would not be the same !!! 
Ok today my sinsus are really hurting ... Have never had that before !!! I have taken somekind of medican , asprin and man still not working !!! Ready to jump out of my body !!! 
Ok now I went to town and got me some Claritin , Aleeve and Ocean nasal spray if not better by tomorrow I will try Sudafed ! 
WHEW ! Glad the medican kicked in finally !!! Yeah ! I almost feel 100% . 
Ok what the heck ... Yesterday felt pretty good last night was another story . Could not go to sleep till 1:00 AM , Back up at 5:00 AM . Hurting all day except when I took Aleeve . Now I have Sudafed . If that doesn't work need Dr. 
YEAH !!! Took Sudafed and guess what ... I woke up with no pain !!! Wow dumby me should have taken that days ago !!! Live and learn ! Yeah !!!!!!! I'll be back to 100% before you know it !!! 
Today < PROPFEMALE > Haw ! I am felling mighty fine ! Feeling crappy sucks ! I am sooo glad to be felling great ! 
Ok we almost had clamity here !! Sugar Glider on the loose and Shorty thought how nice I have a snack !! Oh no we cannot have that !!! That thing cost more than the dog ! 
Tis the season to be jolly !! Walking in a winter wonderland ! I do not know about any body else ... But I am freezing ! 
The weather outside is < PROPFEMALE > ! Da da da it is still COLD !!!! 
Up on the house top I hear the ice chips fall !!! BRRRRRR !! Keep warm Good night !!! LOL !! \) " 
Dashing through the snow , on a one horse open slay , over the field we go , Laughing all the way hahahahahah , Gotta go I'm going to see my BFF tonight ! 
Can someone please tell me how some people can sleep alot ? I cannot sleep alot never have and probably never will until I'm 80 !!! 
Christmas Party !!! 
Today is a new day ... I have been comtiplating somethings ... hmmmm ! 
Seriously thinking about breeding my Pit Bull ... Not the ones trained to fight . Trained to love !!! anybody want some puppies ? 
Now I am seriously thinking ..... WDIGM ?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well the weather outside is delightful , BRRRRRR !!! Snow is on it's way ! 
Ok My Face book < PROPFEMALE > is retarded ! T5he top of the < PROPFEMALE > is the bottom , and the bottom is the top !! Yeah trying to mess with my mind !!! Cannot it is clear of alcohol and drugs HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
Ok now my retarded Face book is fixed ! \0 " 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!! Have a great and safe day !!!! 
I hope every one had a Great Christmas and has been safe on the crazy streets !!! 
BRRR !!! It is still COLD !!! \) " 
OK My Facebook is being retarded again !!! 
So they weather man says more snow is on the way !!!! Tues 20% < PROPMALE > . Wed . 70% < PROPMALE > ! So what do you'll think about that ? 
It is starting to spit outside . Are we going to get 2 or 3 inches ? 
IT SNOWING !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! HAVE A BLAST BRINGING IN THE NEW YEAR !!! MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A DESIGNATED DRIVER !!! BE SAFE AND HOPE TO SEE ALOT OF YOU'LL NEXT YEAR !!!!! ;) ~ 
I'm ready to go I have been up sice 2:50 AM ready to . Get . Started !!! 
Take me as I am or watch me aas I go !! I'm . < PROPFEMALE>'s . Friend !! 
I had the craziest dream last night !!! Oh my 
I am who I am !! I'm loving and forgiving even if u continue to piss me off !! Once I care about u I always will ... so don't think I don't , I do care ! 1 
Gym time w\\Zack !! 
I gotta get off here and go exercise !!! I hope it does not keep me up all night !!! 
< PROPFIRST > white 
Ok all you praying friends . My Uncle < PROPMALE > really needs prayer and so does my Aunt < PROPMALE > (I know a < PROPMALE > name ) Really need prayer . My uncle was operated on for 3 brain tumors and my Aunt < PROPMALE > said that it was not good !! Me believing in hope and faith know that God is in control ! 
I am really looking forward to the weather getting warmer today !! Just while I have been sitting here , it has went from 10 degrees to 13 degrees . Woah hoo !!! Let the sun get warm today !!! 
Today !!! The weather outside is looking < PROPFEMALE > !! \) ~ " 
What happened to our beautiful sunshine ? :( I guess i will have to get artifical sunlight !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > day , washing those clouds away !!!! 
It is nice out side except where is my sunshine ? 
Last nights rain was weird . It is not Spring !!!! That's ok I love the sunshine this afternoon !!! 
What has happened to Face books chat ??? 
Spent some family time with my Aunt and 2 Uncles !!! it was great !!!! 
Trying some new things today . I am coloring my hair a light < PROPFEMALE > brown with high lights ! And bought me some Acaitrim and see how that works ! 
Today , Good day !!! Everyday sould be a good day !!! 
Redo ! I am redoing my hair . Too many hightlights in one spot ! Not ! Now I am doing a ultra light < PROPFEMALE > brown ! Yeah ! 
Maybe , this stuff looks red ? WTH ???? 
The weather outside is delightful ... No it's to darn cold ... gonna have to buy me an Esmiko parka !!!! 
Everybody enjoying the wonderful snow !!! I want to go sledding ! Darn I do not have a sled(note to self go buy one !!! ) 
Where is my wonderful sunshine ?!!!! Oh where can you be !!!? Let's see that sunshine and everybody will be happy !!!! Let it shine , Let it shine ! 
YOU are my sunshine , You make me happy when sky's are grey !!! 
I Support our Troops !!! They all do a wonderful job protecting and serving !!! 
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY !!!! Check list ... Sandwiches , Chips & Dips , Salsa , Drinks ... What else do ya need !!!! Now let's see the COLTS kick the Saints butts , or for the other side see the Saints kick the Colts butt !!! SUPER BOWL SUNDAY !!! Oh don't forget the dessert ! 
Here is the scoop !!! No More SNOW !!!! 
Ok here i am setting in my recliner getting ready to snooze something I never do and the darn phone rings ! Well so much for a nap ! Guess I did not need one !!! 
I am eating red seedless grapes and they are wonderful !!! Plus I am getting my antiodidants !!! 
Happy Valentines day !!! Hope all you'll have a great time with your sweeties !!! Those who do not have one Hope you find one !!!! 
Today I get to be < PROPFEMALE > Homemaker w/ < PROPFEMALE > smart sink set . And < PROPFEMALE > the cleaning lady !! Then when that is all done I get to be < PROPFEMALE > Crocker ! \) " 
Today is a new day and we seem to be having a < PROPFIRST > Contest !!! 
Define a reason why people like to piss you off over and over WHY ???!!!! 
Hey tomorrow is Monday ! Yeah !! 
Just another Monday ! Make it a great one !!! 
Today is going to be a beautiful day ! 
Life .... Can't get away , Can't get away ! 
FB is being retarded again !!!! 
INTERVENTION NEED REFEREE !!! WTF !!!! 
Man I hate waking up at 4:00 AM and cannot go back to sleep ! That is 1 hour 1/2 early ! Gonna be a LONG day ! 
We have babies ... My dog had 8 puppies this morning !!! 
OMG !!! Just saw Fire Proof Your Marriage ... was that just a sign or what ! 
Everyone who is married or going to get married really need to see Fire Proof Your Marriage ! It is really worth seeing ! It will help if you are in trouble ... Have a great day ! =) 
Well Im in trouble ! 
Whew ! what a day ... glad it is almost done ! 
=) it makes people wonder what your up to !! Have a great day ! 
How long must I pray , must I pray today , Cause I'm on my knees begging you to not test me ! 
Looked down from a broken sky , traced out by the city lights , my world from a mile high , best seat in the house tonight , touch down on the cold black top , hold on for the sudden stop , breathe in the fimilair shock of confusion and chaos .. all those people going somewhere why have I never cared ! 
OMG !!!! 
Love is a shelter ! 
KIS ! 
Man life can sure through ya a hard right then a hard left ... What in the world is going on ... There must be something in the air ! Love ya Baby Sister !!! 
Make it a good day ! =) Sunshine ! 
I really wanted it to be a < PROPFEMALE > day ... it was being shy and hiding behind the clouds ! 
Today is wild and crazy day ... make the best of it !!!! 
Ready your self , Ready your self ! 
Doesn't matter what they do , what they think , or what they say . at the end of the day I'm ok anyway , cause you get me ! 
Give me your eyes for just one second , give me your eyes so I can see everything that I keep missing ! 
My husband said that I am full of crap !!! LOL He should know !!!! HAHAHAHA 
Stress who invented that crap anyway !! We don't like it and we sure don't need it so go away !!!!! And stay away !!! 
Who ever designed contact was the greatest thing ever !!!! 
Hibbard OUT !!! ZZZZZZZZ !!!! 
TTFN !!! 
WOW the stress went away !!! It is amazing what relieves stress ! 
Good thing I did not go last night ... just got called into work at 615AM and I would not have been worth a crap ... Oh I forgot I am functual no matter what my state ! LOL 
When is it time to say enough ?! When is it time to say goodbye ?! When it is ... I am a flower fading quickly , A wave tossed in the ocean ,..... 
The most adorable thing happened last night ... My baby Spenc who is 9 was singing in the kitchen washing a few dishes and just singing his heart out . He sang several different songs i thought he forgot some words and was going to tell him and he just started singing it !!! TOTALLY AWESOME !!! And I would have missed it ! PRICELESS !!! Darn it I should have had the video camera ! =) 
I was having the most action packed dream of my life ! It was like I was sitting in the theater and just when it is at the climax ... There goes my action adventure dream the darn phone rang at 6:07 AM 
WOW after that dream hope I have an action and adventure packed day !!! Maybe I will get that adventure after all !!! 
Lovin every minute of it . Lovin ever minute of it ! ALRIGHT !! 
Well lets see !!! 
Every thing rides on hope now , Everything rides on faith somehow , When this world has broken me down .. Your love sets me free ! 
Give me your eyes for just one second , Give me your eyes so I can see , Everything that I keep missing , All these people going somewhere why have I never cared ? 
I believe that miracles can happen ! That's what faith can do ! 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY EVERYBODY !!!! 
AWESOME !!! God is soooo very good !!! Did great miracle for a friends friend and a friends baby !!! God is good all the time , And all the time God is good !!! He put a song of praise in this heart of mine !!!! Through the darkest night His light will shine !!!! God is good !!! 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Where < PROPMALE > thou my < PROPMALE > ? 
Ok now it is time to go walking ... even though I want to stay on .. And exercise cause that is what I gotta do !!! GOTTA KEEP IT UP !!! 
When it comes down the line ., What are you afraid of ? When I call out Your name ! 
Get your motor running , Headed down the highway , Looking for an adventure in what ever comes my way !!!! 
Did every one enjoy our beautiful blizzard yesterday ? I did !!! Love the snow !! Do not like it so cold but ... 
Ok what is the problem with FB now ??? I cannot get my messages out of my message box !!! RRRRRRR !!! I think it i 
My computer is running like my Grandma SLOW !!!!! 
Still FB will not let me get my messages !!! Refreshed < PROPFEMALE > 15 times to no avail !! Stupid thing ! GRRRRRR !!!!!! 
It happens in a blink , It happens in a flash , It happens in the time it takes you to look back ! 
OMG I have got a new appliance !!!! It is the neatest thing ever Hover Craft !!! 
It's your life what ya goimg to do ? The world is watching you !! Everyday the choice you make !! 
Well let's get on with Spring ... I want sunshine everyday and a light rain every moring to water the grass , flowers , and trees . The rest of the time I want that sun to shine !!!! 
We've only just begun to live , white lace and promises , a kiss for luck and we're on our way ! 
And when the evening comes , We smile so many roads to choose , We start out walking and learn to run ! 
I really need to exercise , does sweaping and moping count as an exercise ? 
Amazing Love how can it be .... Amazing Love I know that its true ... It's my joy to honor youI 
Save me from this prison help me to get away , Only you can save me now from this misery , And I have been locked up way to long ! 
Can anybody hear me ? Is anybosy with me ? Nothing can seperate me from You ! 
It happens in a blink , It happens in a flash , It happens in the time it took you to look back , What have I done with my life ? It happens in a B L I N K ! Happens in a B L I N K !! 
Well I have a couple of dent is my fender , couple rips in my jeans , Try to fit the pieces together perfection is my enemy , but on your whoulders I can see I'm free to be me ! 
Well I have a couple dents in my fender , couple rips in my jeans , try to fit the pieces together perfection is my enemy , but on your shoulders , I can see , I'm free to be ! your free to be you ! 
Now that this STRESSFUL day is almost done Yippy Ky Ya !!!!!!!!!! 
Listened to some old songs yesterday All we are is dust in the wind ! Very rare for me to do that ! 
I can only Imagine ! What it would be like ! Have you ever wanted something so bad you could taste it !???!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wonderful , is what I perseved this life would be pain and problem free , But over time I found the avenue that through it all I see that I may be miss understood cause I wouldn't ever fake it your the only one who understand my pain cause you get me !!! 
Wow after much trying to change my profile pic man I am taking a computer class at VoTech ! 
Everybody have a bright sunshining day ! = 0 
What are you waiting for ? ..... It's your < PROPMALE > to move ! 
OMG , SOMEBODY SAVE ME !!!! 
Tomorrow will be a brighter day !!! Look at it that way and your day will be great !!! 
Would you dare , dare to believe ! 
I am thinking that < PROPMALE > Jackman is sexy , sexy , sexy !!!! Just watched Wolverine WOW what a body that man has !!! GRRRRRR !!!! 
My husband told me that I need to be cleaning doing something usefull ! Hello who has been with out a job ? Sure has not been me !!! I work my butt off and then some thinking someone needs to do the house work since I have been supporting us ! 
I think I can , I think I can , I know I can ! 
It is all ways great to talk to your BFF everyday !!! Love ya girl !!!! 
What are you waiting for ? I am going to keep bugging you till you burn me that CD so I can sing the rest of the song !!! now's yuor < PROPMALE > to move !!! 
What are you waiting for ? It's your < PROPMALE > to move , your insecurities ..... 
everybody have a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day !!!! =) 
Who in the world turned down the heat and turned up the cold ? What the heck I want warm weather !!!! Or get a snuggie !!! 
Would you give me a revelation ? Show me what to do ! 
would ya dare to believe , dare to believe , all the pain you've been feeling last through the night and the joy is coming ! Would ya dare to believe ? 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > .... Really need the word to that song BAD !!!! What are you waiting for ! It your < PROPMALE > to move ! 
Some days are good , some days are even better ... Then some days are a pain in the drain !!! And now nothing a few drinks cannot fix ! 
Well finally I have got my stuff together ! Got my head back on straight right where it should be !!! Be back to myself tomorrow !!! Don't worry Be happy ! Be Happy now !!! 
It is your life , what ya gonna do ,? The world is watching you ( gonna be good ) Everyday the choices you make , ( gonna make the right ones ) ..... 
Here we go : You look round and staring back at you , Another wave of doubt , will it pull you under , You wonder , What if I'm overtaken , what if I never make it , What if no ones there , To hear my prayer , When you take the first step into the unknown , You know that He won't let you go , So what are you waiting for What do you have to lose , Your insecurities , They try to hold you , But you know you're made for more , 
So don't be afraid to move , Your faith is all it takes And yuo can walk on water too So get out and let your fearfall to the ground , No time to wastem don't wait , And don't turn around .... So what are you waiting for , What have you got to lose ! 
Well get out !!! Gotta go for that walk and to exercise ... Day light is a burning so I gotta keep turning !!! 
Well part one is done ... now for part 2 . Sit ups , leg lifts , arms butt and working that inner theigh muscle !!!! Gonna have to get some heavier weights so I can get a chizel !!! 
Don't let your light go down , Don't let your fire burn out , Cause somewhere somebody needs a reason to believe , Why don't you rise up now , don't be afraid to stand out , That's how the lost get found ! Have a bright < PROPFEMALE > day !!!! =) 
So step out even when it's storming , Step out even when your broken , Step out even when your heart is telling you , telling you to give up , Step out even when your hope is stolen , Step out you can't see where your going , You don't have to be afraid , So what are you waiting what are you waiting for ? 
Ok ladies , what the world do you do telling your husband over and over agian all the clothes do not go all together !!! They have to be seperated no matter what , even if it is the last load , and small ( let's just through everthing in together !!! )NO !!! how do you get your man to understand !? 
So get out and let your fear fall to the ground , No time to waste , don't wait , And don't you turn around and miss outon , Everything you were made for , so you play it safe and try to run away , What are you waiting for , what have you got to loose , 
Good morning , Good morning time to rise and Shine !!! Have a lovely day !! =) 
So what are you waiting for ?, What do you have to lose , Your insecurity tries to hold to you , step out when it's storming , step out when your broken , step out even when your heart is telling you to give up , step out when your hope is stolen , step out you can't see where your going , You don't have to be afraid , So what are you waiting , what are you waiting for ? 
What if I'm over taken , What if I never make it , what if theres no one ther , to hear my prayer , When you take that first step into the < PROPFEMALE > known , You know He won't let you go ! 
My dog chewed up his shoe ... what the heck . She must be mad at me !!!! Cause ? IDK 
Well now that the dog chewed my shoe up !!! I gotta go exercise hard so I don't beat her !!! 
Gotta pry myself off of FB and my phone and get my butt up stairs and get it moving !!!!!! NOW I AM TELLING MY SELF OR I WILL NOT BE SBLE TO GO TO SLEEP !!!! MOVE IT !!! 
Get out and let your fear fall to the ground , No time to waste , don't wait , And don't you turn around and miss out on , Everything you were made for , Gotta be , I know your not sure , more So you play it safe , you try to run away , If you take that first step into the unknown , He won't let you go ! 
Well , Well , Well , I am thinking !!! Thinking hard and thinking deep !!! I am thinking it happens in a blink , happens in a flash , it happens in the time it took ya to look back ! 
Now I am thinking that I need to run away for a week from everything !!!! Go lay on the beach and soak up some sun !!! 
BOO HOO !!! My oldest son has left the nest \What the heck was he thinking leaving his momma\ " !!!! I will miss him and have texted him everyday !!! I will have to run away to his house some time !!! " 
Tomorrow is a new day , new ideas , new dreams , new hopes , and new everything !!! Have a wonderful time !!!! =) it makes people wonder what ya have been up to !!!!! keep it coming !!!! Don't stop it now !!!! 
Don't fold under pressure , A smile can make it better , Whoa you know , Yeah , A smile can make it better , If everything goes wrong , Keep singing this song , Turn it up make it loud , You , you can't get away , Don't , don't try to get away , 
Yes I said that out loud !!! 
Today is < PROPFEMALE > the cleaning lady , dusting laundry(banned husband from doing it ) , dusting , aweeping mopingWOW what a job !!!!! Love it !!! 
So what are you waiting for , what have you got to lose , your insecurities tries hold to you , But you know you were made for more , so don't be afraid to move , Your faith is all it takes and you can walk on the water to ! So get out and let your fear fall to the ground , no time to waste , don't wait ! 
Wow I am suprising my self more and more ! I managed to fix my own techno problem all by my self ! Woot Hoot !!!! 
It happens in a blink , It happens in a flash , It happens in the time it took ya to look back ! 
Well I went for my nice walk and did all of my exercises !!! Yeah !! And cleaned house cut the grass and did all the laundry !!!!! Oh and the dishes dusted mopped the floor ... Will have to do it all over in a day or 2 ! ~ !!! 
GOOD MORNING !!!! What a lovely morning ! Every one have a great day !!!! WOW ! 
Here I go again so What are you waiting for , What have you got to lose , Your insecurities try to hold to you , You were ment for more , So don't be afraid to move , Faith is all it takes and You can walk on the water to , So get out and let your fear fall to the ground 
Well I have a couple dents in my fender , rips in my jeans , try to fit the pieces together , but perfection is my enemy , but on Your shoulders I can see , I'm free to be me ! 
WOW how can life be so calm one minute and then crazy in the next minute ?!!! Man need to take a deep breath and just breath !!! I can feel ya breathe 
Well it is time for some changes !!! Change is always good though !!! Staying in the same o'le routine is not good ! Gotta get out and let the fear fall to the ground ! 
Part one done , now for part 2 ! 
What the heck !!! KIS !!! Keep IT Simple !!!! 
Hey the changes thing is working pretty good so far !!! I am not going to jenks it by commenting any further though !!! Don't wanna ruin the moment !!! 
Well revelation came today in a big way !!! It happens to be a good one too !!!!!! 
So get out and let your fear fall to the ground ! So what are you waiting for , what have you got to lose , your ensecurities tries to hold to you , But you know you were made for more , So don't be afraid to move , Your faith is all it takes and you can walk on the water to ! 
Today is a good day even though it rained , which I was in doors all day working !!! It is still < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Well , well , well ... 
What , what what !!!!??? 
Open up your mind to see what new things are instore !!!! OPEN ! OPEN !!! 
Now it is time to exercise !!!!! Get R Done !!! 
Mowed the yard ... walked 2 1/2 < PROPMALE > now on to the next part ... crunches , leg lifts weights ... really wanna wear a bikini this summer oh don't forget the tan !!!!! 
Today I need to work on the tan ... outside looks < PROPFEMALE > and bright ! 
WOOOW !!! Ok felt like I needed the sun today !! Lobster on the back ! I feel the burn now ! Alavera here I come !! 
Today today I'm gonna run away now , you brake trying to keep it together , Love , love is all you need , your a < PROPFEMALE > but you've never known it , cause life hase came and left you blinded ...... 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !!!! All you lovely ladies !!! Wonderful Mothers , I hope this is a very special year for each and every one of you !!!! It is great getting on here and talking to all of you daily !!! I really cheris it and want the very best day for all of you wonderful mother !!!! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! I do not know where they went .... 
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!! Glad the work day is over !!!!! 
Hello , I take it that all the Mothers out here had a wonderfully great day !!! Pampered and showered with lots of gifts !!!! 
Well , well , well , I cannot work on my tan if there is no sun for me to and at the rate it's going ... I will have to go to the tanning salon !!! Good idea though ! 
Things seem to be going crazy right now for my friends ... My life has settled down but every body else seems to be going in an up roar !!! Come on now can't we all get along !!!!!!!! Yes we can !!!! 
Pound Puppies ! 
Were did our beautiful < PROPFEMALE > days go ...? We need the rain but I need a tan !!!! 
My 10 year ols son told me that it was just wrong wearing socks w/ flip flops ... He told me it was in the hand book !!!!! LOL !!!! 
Feels like I have been here forever , Why can't You just intervene , Do you see the tears keep falling , And I'm falling apart at the seems , But You never said the road would be easy , But You said You would never leave , And You never promised life wasn't hard , But You promised You'd take care of me . So I'll stop searching for answers , Ill stop praying for escape 
I guess me and the tanning bed are going to have an appointment !!! My tan that I got in the natural sunlight is calling my name to get darker and no sun outside !! BOO HOOO !!!! 
It's your life what ya going to do ? The world is watching you !!! Have a beautiful sun shinny day !!!!! 
Boo Hoo think I will cry now ! 
Sun shine !!! Sun shinny day !!! Please just say you will stay !!!! ;) 
The ship is setting sail and leaving the port ! 
Yes got to enjoy just a brief moment of sunshine !!! Tanning bed has my name on it !!! LOL ! 
Well yesterday I decided to dring < PROPFEMALE > bucks double shot energy and vitamins , and then right after that drank a sugar free Amp well needless to say define going to sleep NO WAY ! by the time I get to sleep it is time to get up . Not sure if it was the energy drinks or if it is just me being hyper ~ ! Have a great < PROPFEMALE > day !!! 
Well today was a very busy day !!! I got off work on time kinda now time to party hardy !!!! Yeah !!!! 
Where is the funniest place in town any suggestions from any one ? I am off and getting ready to head out .. LOL as soon as I get ready !!! 
Had much needed fun ... next time remind me not to forget how to 2 step or just make sure I continue to pratice ... dance classes Good exercise ! 
Well what in the world ? 
Can anybody hear me ? why do you seem so far away !? 
Today today I'm gonna run away now ! 
My son has just made a wrestlin mud pit right outside the back door !!! Lovely nowwhen the dogs jump on you guess what now you are going to have doggie prints all over your pants !!!! 
Endurance : state of enduring , continuance , < PROPFEMALE > , fortitude . To continue in the same state , to last to abide , to submit , to sustan , to bear to undergo to tolerate ... When can you say I have endured too much already ? 
FINALLY !!! I got revelation today !!! Yeah haw !!! Hot digidy dog !!! I Know that everyone is running trying to get away ( you can't get away ) Life can be like a rat race , like evrday can be so mundane , but Im saying , Hey heyOh oh I'm not getting caught in the undertoe , I'll keep taking it easy and taking it slow I'm never going to follow , No 
It is time to hit the exercises now that I am all pumped up and ready to go !!!! 
Living for the weekend . Everyone have a great weekend and don't do nothing I wouldn't do ! 
Step out ! When its storming , step out when your broken , step out when your heart is telling you to give up , step out when your hope is stolen , step out cannot see where your going , you don't have to be afrais , so what are you waiting , so what are you waiting for ! 
Woke up this morning urg at 4:00 AM and could not go back to sleep !!! Wow starbucks double shot , EMP sugar free and some energy tea !! Made it through the day hope I can sleep tonight ? 
Everybody have a great sun shinning day !!! 
Gotta work out double today ... Yesterday none so today you play you pay ! 
woke up at 3:00 AM today ... What in the world ... I did go to bed early cause I was tired , I only sleep about 5 to 6 hours and that is it ... This better not become a habit !!!! 
I'm making limeaid today cause I have no lemons !!!! 
What are you waiting for what have you got to lose your faith is all it takes and you can walk on the water to !!! 
WOW this crazy rollercoaster of life I have been on ... I'm getting off ! 
Wow all these 80's songs keep going through my head right now !! < PROPFIRST > Benatar Fire and Ice Hit me with your best shot !! Guess it is the day for that !!! 
My dear husband made me a grilled burger ... Great but why did he put ketscup on my burger !!! LOL Cause that is the way he likes his ! 
Now Kid Rock songs come to mind All summer long and She wore her blue jeans ! Go Kid Rock !!!! Bad Boy ! 
You see my anxious heart , You see what I'm feeling , And when I fall apart , You were there to hold me , How great Your love for me , Now I see what your thinking , You say I'm beautiful , Your voice is healing me , With out You I just can't get by , So I'm Hanging on every word You speak , Cause it's all the I need , Hanging on to every word You say , To light up my way , Even every little whisper I'm Hanging on as if it were 
How come none of my family members want to exercise !!! What's the matter with you\ll Get up and get moving !!!!!! " 
Make today a fun and exciting day !!! Hope everyone enjoys it !!!! 
I see you like a a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , And I love it , Yeah the light in your eyes , And I wonder , when your looking in mine , Do you see them , Like a < PROPFEMALE > in the shy ,, You got me falling for ya , and I won't stop till I hit the clouds , see i don ; t wanna hide these feelings , or even try to figure them out , sparks flying all around , Electricity , dance with me , dance with me , ten feet of the ground , no gravity , 
Rolling on with some Kid Rock and All summer long ! Good tunes to listen to on the way home ! Since I should not Ever do LSD !!! 
My son just told me we have a Jucazzi out side .... I want to know where it is !!!!??? 
Got to see my baby tonight ! I sure miss him very much !!! I know he misses his momma too ! 
Oh no My walls are gonna break , So close , It's more than I can take I'm so tired of turning and running away , When love just isn't safe , I'm strong enough I've always told myself , I never wanna need somebody else , But I've already fallen from that hill , So I'm dropping my guard , heres your < PROPMALE > at my heart and Everything u want , but it's everything u need . 
Let the tanning begin !!! 
I really gotta get off here and work it !!!!!! Out !!!!! 
Todya is going to be a sun shiny day !!! =) and be happy !!! 
I'm so excited that I just can't hid it !!! 
I'm so excited that I cannot hide it ! 
I'm still so excited and I just cannot hide it !!!!!! Today today everyday !!! 
Well I am still excited !!!! But I am tired ! 
Hi ho it's off to exercise I go ! 
Be brave , be brave the waters all around you , I'll stay I'll keep you from sinking , Love , love is on your side , Your stronger than you'll ever know ! 
Time to hit the road ! Got to go do my exercises !!! 
Part one done I walked so fast that I wore a blister on the back of my heal ( don't know whether that is a good thing or bad ) Oh well now for part 2 !!!! Really hit the floor ! 
Some one in my house keeps turning off the fan ! What is your problem ? 
Signed my Baby up for Salvation Army Camp for the summer !!! Got to get him out of the house and moving ... instead of being a couch potato !!! I hope he enjoys it ... This was his 1st day .. I went to pick him up and he wanted me to come back later ! 
You know this is the longest period of time I ever sit ... Is when I am on Fb but I get up quite often and do laundry and other stuff ! 
Today today I'm going to run away now !, you brake trying to keep it together , Love , love is all you need ,, because life has come and left you blinded , Stole your smile and left you crying , it's not your fault but shame is all you got now , your heart is tangled up in ssilence , it's time to let go and see the light ! 
So what are you waiting for what have you got to lose ? your insecurities try to hold to you , but you know you were made for more so don't be afraid to move , Your faith is all it takes and you can walk on the water to ! 
Give me rules I will brake them , give me lines I will cross them ... 
Today today I'm going to clean house now ! Instead of running away !! Have a bright < PROPFEMALE > day !!! Even though the sun is not shinning !!! You can shine though ! 
I am convienced that I hate pics or I hate taking my own pic to change my profile ... Need professional photographer for this !!! LOL 
Oh My the sun is out time to go out side and get that tan going !!!! 
Bikini time sun shine tan = Yeah < PROPMALE > me\ 
Why 
I''M THINKING FRESH BLACKBERRY COBBLER !!!! TWICE BAKED POTATOES YUM !!! YUM !!!! IT IS COMING W/ME SATURDAY NIGHT !!! 
Well I am not at a loss for words let me tell ya !!! Just don't need to comment on that !!!!! 
So what does your name say about you !!!!???? 
Thought I would fill my < PROPFEMALE > with the true meaning of who I am and my personality !!! 
So what are you , So what are you waiting for ? 
So you look aro < PROPFEMALE > d , and stearing back at you , another wave of doubt , will it pull you < PROPFEMALE > der , you wonder , what if I'm over taken , what if I never make it , what if no ones there will you hear my prayer , If you take that 1st step into the < PROPFEMALE > known He won't let you go !! So what are you waitin fo , r what have you got to lose , your insecurities try to hold you , you were ment for more so don't be afraid to move 
Wooow Hoot off to < PROPFEMALE>'s with Blackberry Cobbler and Twice baked potaoes !!! Everybody have fun !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s the host with the most !!! Had a great time < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SUN BIKINI SUN TAN !!! 
Have a special prayer request for all you people who pray . My son has to have a spinal tap on Wednesday to see if he has MS I am claiming NO , NO , NO , He does not have MS !!!!!!! This cannot stand in Jesus mighty name !!! 
Thank You very much after much of being upset I have a peace and know that everything is going to be ok ! I have great faith and know that God is greater than any thing ! And know prayer changes everything ! Thank you love every one bunches and God bless you'll !!! 
So I'll stop searching for the answers , I'll stop praying for an escape , And I'll trust You God with where I am , and believe that you will have your way , Just have your way , Just have your way ! 
Feels like I've been here forever , Why can't you interviene , do you see the tears keep falling , and I'm falling apart at the seams , But You never said the road would be easy , But You said that You would never leave , And You never promised that life would not be hard , But You promised that You would take care of me . 
Oh what a lovely bright < PROPFEMALE > day !!!!!! 
When life and things try to get you down ... Look up tomorrow is another day !! Make it the happiest day of your life !!! And continue to have greater days !!! 
Wow what a wonderful time out side !!! Went to OKC to see < PROPFIRST > Tomlin and TOBYMAC !!!! Great great concert !!! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > it was wonderful and a great time !!! The breeze was a blowing and just right for being outside !!!! 
Today today I'm gonna run away now , You break trying to keep it together , Love love is all you need Your heart is tangled up in silence , It's time to let go and feel the light , I know it's easier to hide But you gotta let go and feel the light ! 
Get out and let your fear fall to the ground , no time to waste don't wait till you turn around miss out on everything you were made for So what are you waiting for ! What have you got to lose ! 
Feels like I've been here forever ! Why don't you just intervene ? Do you see the tears keep falling And I'm falling apart at the seems , You never said the road would be easy , But You said you would never leave me , And You never promised that this life wasn't hard , But You promised You'd take care of me . So I'll stop searching for the answers , I'll stop praying for an escape , I will trust You God with where I am .... 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU WONDERFUL MEN AND FATHERS !!!!! 
Well is it hot enough out side for every one ? Well I guess it could be hotter !! Love the sun shine tho ! 
Tuesday night I got the priviledge of going and see < PROPFIRST > Buble ' and the Natural 7 . Well I can honestly say that I had no idea who that was ... I'm bad It was fantastic !!! I enjoyed every minute of it !! I really need to get out more often ! 
I want to know where all the < PROPFEMALE > ers go to when there are no clothes to < PROPFEMALE > up there is a ton ... When you have 50 clothes to < PROPFEMALE > up where did they all go ? 
It's summer time baby !!!! 
Well save me from this prison , Lord help me to get away ! 
Saw the beautifulest rainbow this morning on my way to Big O'le Slick < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What is the real truth nothing but the truth !!!!? 
Never to late to get back up again , Love calling , love calling ! 
Today , today is going to be a great day now !!! Let it shine , let it shine !!!! 
Let it shine , let it shine , let it shine !!!!!!! We all seem to be getting on the same < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Well some of us tho !!!! Let it shine ! Your light !!!!! Let it shine !!!!! 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > day washing those clouds away ! 
Time for a shower ! Mowed the grass and sunbathed < PROPFEMALE > ! I am all sweaty !!! And stinky !! 
Hello all !!!! Have a wonderful happy , smiley , & great day !!!!!! Oh and what is just 2 days away !!!!! 
Well it is late but must work out any ways !!!!!! 
I wish every one a very blessed and Happy 4th of July !!!!! Be safe and have a blast ! 
Husband has lost his mind ... Bought me a shirt that is 2x WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today I hope it is sun shiny day !!! We need to all get to our destinations safefly and have a blast !!!!!! Happy 4th ! God bless us all !!!!!! 
Rockets over Rhema was great ! Great friends , Great music , and Fabulous fire works !!! 
Oh what a wonderful morning , Oh what a wonderful day !!!! Don't worry be happy , be happy now ! 
Well guess what I have a 1981 year book in front of me right now !!! Boy how every one has changed . Especially the men !!!! Ladies you'll look wonderful as usual but the men sure have evolved !!!!!! LOL 
This year book sure is interesting looking at the old pictures ha ha it is too funny !!!!! 
I've got a couple of dents in my fender , a couple of rips in my jeans , try to fit the pieces together , but perfection is my enemy , on my own I am so clumsy , But on Your shoulders I can see , I'm free to be me !!! 
My son got his test results back from the Dr. I HAVE GOT TO SCREAM AND SHOUT PRAISE THE LORD MY BABY IS NORMAL ( haha for those of you would think other wise ) NOTHING IS WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I AM SOOOOOOO VERY THANKFUL THAT PRAYER DOES WORK ALONG WITH CONFESSION !!!!!!! MOMMA CAN STILL TAKE THAT AUTHORITY AND HAVE A GOOD OUTCOME !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's your life what ya going to do , the world is watching you , everday the choices you make ! 
My heart beats standing on the edge , but my feet have finally left the edge , like an acrobat , there's no turning back , I'm letting go of the life I planned for me , and my dreams , I'm losing control , of my destiny , It feels like I'm falling and that's what it ' like to believe , so i'm letting go This is a giant leap of faith trusting and trying to embrace , the fear of the unknown 
Don't know how it is You looked at me , And saw the person I could be , Awakening my heart , breaking thro the dark , Suddenly Your grace , Like sunlight burning at midnight , Making my life so beautiful , Mercy reaching to save me , All that I need , You are so beautiful , beautiful , beautiful ! 
ell went out side and tanned at 10:00 AM Man it is hotter than you know what out there . I am thinking my husband needs to buy me a pool !!!!!! Or go buy a house that has one !!! Need one !!!!!!!!!!! <3 
Had a great time at Big Splash !!!!!! Hot but there was lots of pools to choose from !!!!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > you the bomb !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This is the moment , It's on the line , Which way you gonna fall , In the middle between , wrong & right , but you know after all , It's you life what ya gonna do ? The world is watching you , Everyday the choices you make , say what you are & who , Your heart beats for , It's an open door , your heart beats for , Are you who you always said you be ? with a sinking feeling in yoor chest , always waiting for someone else to fix you ... 
Looked down from a broken sky traced out by the city lights , My world from a mile high , best seat in the house tonite , touch down on the cold black top , hold on for the sudden stop , Breathe in the familiar shock of confusion and chaos , all these people going somewhere why have I never cared , Give me your eyes for just one second Give me your eyes so I can see ... 
Well I've been treated like a valentine , That's been ripped up and left behind , I'm a fragile girl , In a crazy careless world , My dreams were torn and scattered on the floor , But You've been picking up the pieces Lord , ' Cause Your love is real , The only hope to heal , My paper heart is Yours now , I have landed in Your hands , Come so far to find out , My life will never be the same , Since You wrote Your name , On my paper heart .. 
It is a nice < PROPFEMALE > day !!!! How dark is to dark on a tan ? 
Good Morning !!! Everybody have a beautiful day !!!!!! 
Alcatraz 
Today Today gonna be a great day now !!! Don't worry be happy , be happy now !!! \) ~ " 
Big Splash was so much fun !!!!! Had a great time !!!!! Lots of sun !!!! Got a little red !!! 
Hey everybody have a great day !!!!!!!!!! 
So what are you waiting for ? What have you got to lose ? 
Today today is going to be a great day now !!!! Everybody have a truly wonderful < PROPFEMALE > day :D 
Today is a great day ! It is going to be 105 degrees . Debating on laying in the sun to get somemore sun but ... going to have to go to the pool cause it is going to be so hot ! 
I went to the public pool today ... Nice park way to many people(not really ) But you cannot dive in . What is up with that ? Water was nice and cool and for $3.00 cannot beat that !!!!!!!!!!! 
Is it hot enough for everybody ?!!!! It is for me !!!!!!!! 
When you're down and out , and you don't think you have a friend , when you're lost in the doubt , And you can't see what's around the bend , Just hold on , Don't turn around , Keep on walking , Don't lose heart , Cause here I am , Where ever you are , When the rain is falling , and there is no silver lining , And you just can't seem to find the light .. 
Every body have a great and sun shinny day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It better not be raining all day that will bite if it does !!!! It will rain on my parade ! 
Wow that was fun seeing everyone from the o'le day !!!!!!! It was great seeing every one !!!!! 
LOL !!!!! My son told me to speak human !!! That is too funny cause I told him IDK !!!!! 
Well RED is all I got to say ! Spent to much time in the pool yesterday ! And that is the color of my face ! Every body have a great day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well when every thing falls apart Your arms are there to catch me !!! 
Shot through the heart and your to blame , Darlin ' you give love a bad name ! 
Woo Hoot I am so excited !!!!! I lost some more weight and upped my exercise !!!! I'm loving it !!!! It it is not McDonalds !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Day 2 at the gym !!!! Wow what a work out !!! I'm still loving it !!!! 
HHMMM !!!!! 
Day 3 was not as good as the other 2 but day 4 is awesome !!! HAVE A GREAT DAY !!! 
Well what the french toast !!! I'm with ya on how friends just drop ya like a hot potato !!! That's okay I'm growing and learning still !!!! 
Hey today today is such a lovely day !!!!! Don't worry be happy !!!! Be happy now !!! 
I just heard the biggest 
I just heard the biggest load of BULL SH*T THAT I HAVE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE !!!! I HAVE NEVER NOR WOULD EVER STALK ANYONE IN MY LIFE !!!!!! WHAT WAS CONCERN FOR THAT PERSON IS NO LONGER IN MY FU ***** LIFE AND CAN BITE MY AS * YOU CAN GO FU ** YOURSELF AND WOLLER IN YOUR OWN SELF PITTY MF !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well today is a new day and all that is behind me !!! Yeah today is a wonderful beautiful day !!!! Everyone have a great day ! 
Well now that the weather is getting cooler , to bad I was enjoying the heat !!!! Just kidding !!! I just like the tan !!!! Everybody have a great day !!! 
Today is going to be my tanning day Yeah !!!!! 
Everybody have a great day !!! < PROPFEMALE > day chasing the clouds away !!!! 
Everybody have a great , fun loving day !!! It's my sons 21st birthday !!!! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! I love ya baby !!!!! (No I'm not getting older he is ) 
Well how is everyone today ? Even though it may rain it is still a beautiful day !!!! 
Happy Labor Day Weekend !!! For all of you who get a 3 day weekend , Good for you !!!!! Me I have to work . 
Every body Every body have a good weekend !!!! \) ~ " 
You are my forever love , from the bottom of my heart I sing to you , From the depths of who I am I love you !!! 
< PROPFIRST > , I have not heard that song in years !!!! Thank you being loved is sweet !!!! Makes the whole world go around and around upside down !!!! 
You are my forever love , You are my forever love , You are my forever love , From the bottom of my heart I sing to You , From the depths of who I am I love You , With everything inside I'll run to You , ' Cause all that I have become I owe to You , 
Well these past month I sure have learned a lot of different things !!! Different journey's that I have been on and I can honestly say that < PROPFEMALE > go round ride sure the heck is over !!!! Yeah Haw !!!!! I am back to REALITY !!!!!! And I like it I like it a lot !!!! 
It's your life what ya going to do ? The world is watching you , everyday the choices you make , boy I have been making some wonder !!!! 
You know what ? Life just keeps getting better and better !!!! 
So they are saying Fall is coming in just a raining !!! Well that is why there are tanning beds !!!! Have a great day !!!! 
HCG OR HGH ? 
Working out is really starting to pay off !!!! I believe by next summer I will really love the results !!!! I fell so much better when I work out . More energy and a much better attitude !!!! Now about the tan ... I sweated my butt off to get my tan all outside this year !!! Now with fall coming I am goung to have to go to the tanning bed UGH !!! 
Some people who go out into public really need to take there meds before they leave their house !!!!! 
I have often wondered why the full < PROPFEMALE > brings out the craziness in people ? And why do they have to be so cranky ? Especially in public !!!! IDIOTS !!!! Maybe I should take meds in order to deal with such people !!!! Or better yet stay away from me !!!! 
And yesterdays sermon from our Pastor was Do you have true peace ? Even when those crazy people came at you ? ( UH Uh sometimes ) And know how to respond ? Well yes if I try hard enough !!!! Some people need a slap into reality ... but that would not be Christ like would it ? Nice thought tho !!!! 
Life is a journey . Some people that come into your life want 1 or 2 things , they want something from you or they need something from you . Some are here forever and some are gone in a flash !!!! All I got to say is Yippie Kie Ya !!!! 
Work out !!! work out !!! Got to keep it up !!!!! Now about that cookie ? 
If women are to check and add oil to there truck why did a man put the oil cap on sooo tight that I can't get it off ? 
Better is one day in Your courts , better is one day in Your house , better is one day in Your courts than thousands elsewhere !!! My heart and flesh cry out , for You the living God , Your spirits water to my soul , I have tasted and seen .... 
Who made the salad ? 
It can happen in blink , happen in a flash , happen in the time it took you to look back ! 
On the dresser !!!! 
I am just wondering why that scale keeps adjusting that ten pounds ? What is the deal ? 
Wow that was Great !!! Sweet !!!! 
I like it , I love it , I want some more of it !!! 
The only thing missing in my day was a work out !!! Double for tomorrow oh boy that is going to bite my butt !!!! But no pain no gain right !!!!???? I love it !!! 
How special !!! My baby cut me out 3 hearts and put I love you on it !!! My baby is precious !!! He will make a wonderful husband some day !!!! 
Can't wait till Friday gets here Arkansas here we come !!! 
Happy !!!! Happy !!!! Happy !!!! \) ~ " 
Okay I looked thro this magazine < PROPMALE>'s and man I think I need to go cowgirl !!! After buying all the things I really like $ 2,000 . 00 should cover everything from boots , shirts , pants , purse , jewelry , and belt !! Now I need to ride a horse !!! 
Song Song of the South , sweet potato pie and shut my mouth !! Now why is that song in my head ? Have a great day every one !!! 
Glad this work day is over !!!!! Man what a day !!!!! Tomorrow will be better !!!! 
I am so excited !!!!! I just can't hide it !!!! Ready for my sister time to Arkansas !!!! 
Have a wonderful love filled fun day !!!! 
I am up way to early !!! Oh well this time I will be ready early !!! My alarm clock is set 1 hour ahead ... What was I thinking ? leaving OK faster or what ? Arkansas here we come Look out !!! 
Arkansas was a lot of fun !!!! Had a wonderful time with my sister and my aunt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Thanks ladies !!!! 
Yesterday felt like the beginning of summer and it is fall . What is today gonna be like !!! A wonderful beautiful day !!!! Have a good one everybody !!! 
Got my thoughts , Got my words , Got my head full of answers , Got you wrapped up , Got you under control , See my future like the past behind me , I think I know where Your leading , Don't need no questions , Don't need no rocking the boat , but I forget all the mystery ... 
Had a wonderful time last night with all my boys !!!! Got to have dinner with both my sons and my husband too !!! We had a great time !!! I miss my son < PROPFIRST > since he moved out !!! He is doing great though !!! Love my boys !!! 
Where is that Tech-no man when I need him ? I know , I know , Vo-Tech learn to do it your elf !!!!! But it helps if I knew one !!!! UGH !!!!! 
I truly feel very blessed to have each of you'll in my life !!! Each of you have touched my life in some manner and time !!! I truly love each of you'll and thank you from the bottom of my heart !!!! Who could ask for better friends to know !! Each of you are very very special to me and wish the very best to each one of you'll! Wow that is how you share friend ship and love !!! You'll are AWESOME ! AND THANK YOU !!! 
This is for everyone that lives in Mannford or in Sand Springs . A lady that I work with is in desperate need of a good baby sitter/childcare provider . Does anyone know one ? I appreciate you helping me help her with this problem !!! She has the sweetest baby girl 7 month old !!! Thank you 
Life can be such a wonderful journey !!!! Seeing where you came from . Seeing where you are going !!!! And all the wonderful things that are in store !!!! 
Looks like I may get to be a cowgirl after all !!!! Yea Haw !!! Now I gotta get me some boots !!!! ( It's getting deep ) I have a friend coming over to break my horse !!!! Now where is that clothes magazine !!! 
OH boy !!! Someone in my house has sprayed air freshner in the house but the problem is IT STINKS !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I decided I needed to visit Drysdale's today !!!! I think Cowgirl up is the way to go !!! 
Well this friend of mine often asks me to do things w/her . My husband tells me that I am not married to her . So in < PROPFEMALE > of that she bought me a ring the other day !!!!! 
Oh boy !!!!! Who knows what tomorrow will bring !!!!! 
Never under estimate the power of God and how He will use you to reach someone you did not even know !!! Wow tell the story later today I have to get ready for work !!! Every one have a great day !!!! 
He is still working on me !!! I am not perfect , and I do have my faults , but the best thing is that I am working on them !!!! Some days more than others and some days I just be me !!! 
So what are you waiting for ? What have you got to lose ? Your insecurities try to hold you !! you were ment for more so don't be afraid to move ! 
When your down and your out and don't think you have a friend , When your lost in the doubt , and you can't see whats around the bend , Just hold on , Don't turn around , Keep on walking , Don't lose heart , Cause I am here , I am here , Wherever you are , wherever you are . When the rain is falling , And there's no silver lining ! 
Today today I'm going to run away now !!!! Got to go get a passport so I can leave < PROPFEMALE > to the tropics !!!!! 
I would really like to know why in the world do people feel the need to tell stories ? LIE ?????? It is beyond my understanding !!!! It makes them smaller not bigger in my eyes ! 
I think I need to get back in my box and my own little world again !!!!!! People are really starting to make me up set !!!!!! WTH ??????? Oh well brush it off go to the gym and exercise , then get my 12 minutes at the beach ! ~!~!~~ ! AAAAHHH thats better now Butt head !!!! 
I have great appreciation for our wonderful Veterans !!! If it was not for you where would we be ? With out and not free for sure !!!! Love you all and pray for your safety every day !!!! God Bless the USA !!!! 
Well what can I say ? Alot but I'm not !!!!! 
I huff and I puff off to the gym I went !!!! I feel so much better now !!!! \) ~ " 
Man am I ever gonna get there ? 
Have a great day everybody !!!! 
WOW !!!! Every body have a beautiful day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GREAT DAY !!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY !!!!! 
I am really going to suggest to the gym ... A punching bag !!!!!! 
Well I am increasing my time at the gym ! I am up to 350 sit ups and i want to see those results !!! I am thankful for the energy and strength to workout !!! And I am very Thankful for all my family and friends !!!! Have a great day !!!! \) ~\") ! <3 <3 <3 " 
Just got done shopping !!! Bought the uh now must achieve my goal dress , it fits but I want to look real good in it !!!! I went to the nutrition store and got the stuff they were they have been advertising on KXOJ !!!! Burn burn those calories up !!!! 
Well what do you have to be Thankful for : I have a lot to be very thankful for !!! Family friends , co-workers , life !!! Does not get any better than this . A job !!! Health !!! Now for more wealth !!! 
Have a Blessed Totally Awesome Thanksgiving Everyone !!!!!!! 
OOOOHHH AAAHHH Turkey and dressing here I come !!!! To me the dressing is better than dessert !! And don't forget the gravy !!!!!! YUM YUM Give thanks !!! 
Hope everyone had good food !!! Now time to work it off !!!!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > I really need to work out with you today so I can burn that off !!!! 
Thanks < PROPMALE > !!! I need to work out with you every day !!! You will whip me into shape faster !!!! I feel the burn !!! 
Just got techno more in touch 
Cool just got more techno savy !! 
It probably needs a charge ! 
Learning is always good ! 
Awesome catch Ou 
What a way to recover OU !!! 
Ok way to recover OSU 
Now this is where the challenging begins ... book in and and still haven't figured out how to send multiple message ! I . Will . By the end of the day ! 
Sorry so late today !! Still trying to figre out my new phone . Yes . I've got the instructions ! Working on it ! Google helps too ! 
Good morning it's Monday and guess what it's raining ! Have a good day !! \) ~ " 
Thanks < PROPMALE > working out w\\u makes the time ly by !! 
Happy Annivesary Baby !!! 
Now when are you taking me out to wear . My little black dress ? 
Okay if Vin Diesel's gay what is he doing at the < PROPFEMALE > Secret show ? Hello he can't be gay !! 
Good Morning have a great day !!! 
Come on spring !! BBBRRRR !! It is to cold already !! 
I should have had this new phone when I was really into FB !!!! 
The weather outside is delightful , so Let it snow , Let it snow , Let it snow !!!! 
Somethings going on in Creek county .. 2 OHP 3 < PROPMALE > . Outside of . Kellyville ... Wasn't me !!! 
I came down stairs and the front door is standing wide open !!!! Hello what are we going to do heat the winter !!!!???? 
My son just called me baby bear cupcake cream pie ! And that he loved me and happy holiday Mommy ! Wow ! Love you < PROPMALE > !! 
ow what in the world is wrong with my new phone !!!! Crazy thing I think that technology is great but hello !!! 
Every one who normally gets a tx from me in the AM sorry will catch up later my phone is jacked up !!!! Have a great day !!! 
Okay back to the gym since I got my truck back !!! Let my son borrow my truck . < PROPMALE > fixed it now I have my wheels back !! < PROPMALE > will have me hurting making up for the only 2 days worked out !!! Got to get right back at it !!!! I'M READY !!!!!!! 
Not feeling any pain , tomorrow different story , maybe not ! Thanks Zach ! 
Today still feeling great !!! Yeah the belly must have liked its new workout !!! 
Everyone have a brrrr great day !!! I want Spring or Summer back boo hoo !!!!! 
How much bigger do you want it ? 
My son just told me I was pretty !! What an awesome son ... I just spent 2 . 1\\2 hours at the gym ! 
Wow I feel that work out ! Thanks < PROPMALE > ! I promise not to wine !! 
Another great work out w\\Zack wow he is reallygoing to . Whip me nto shape !! Was so . Sore this morning but now after working out GREAT !! Working . Those abs ! 
Work Christmas Party !!!! 
I do not like it when my Son calls me and he's upset ... it makes me troubled !! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Today , today , gonna be a great day now !!!! 
Work , fighting parade to get to the gym was a nightmare !! It . Took forever but . We made it !! 
The weather outsides delightful !! 
Off to the gym w\\ < PROPMALE > !! 
Good Morning its bbbbrrrrr cold my fingers and my toes tell me so !! Have . A great happy day !! \) ~ " 
Ooooh Earthquake cake mmmm I made 2 of them ! One for my sisters party and the other church !! 
And I will need to go to the . Gym !! And there won't be enough time soooo do I skip it tomorrow no displine work out at home !! 
2 parties to go 2 today !! Everyonehave a great day !! Today . It is suppose2 be 50 woo hoot !! It will feel like spring !! 
Wow this wasa busy night !! 
Now time . To work off what . I ate !! 
Working out w\\ < PROPMALE > then its off to a party 
Can u really do a power workout and get everything accomplished !!? Getting ready to find out !! 
I am so excited !! I just cannot hide it !! My son < PROPMALE > is in the Christmas play and singing !!! I cannot wait !!!!! 
Okay people need to be taking there meds !! HELLO !! 
Another fabuless work out with < PROPMALE > !! Changed our routine ! Week 3 yeah and I'm still doing it !! Almost one full year of working out !! 
Yea haw I hope I sleep all night !! 
Good Morning !! Everyone have a great day !! \) ~ " 
Are people that lonely that they must tell you their life story ? 
Question : what is it with people say um before they can say um any um other um word ? Come on learn . Some freaking language fr < PROPMALE>'s sake !! 
Today , will be a nice warm day !! Have a great day !! \) ~ " 
Another great work out !! W < PROPMALE > of course !! He givesme crap if I try to cheat on . The holding yourself up peddling 
What the heck ? Why do people have 2 be cranky ? Just don't undrstand . Sure I get in a bad mood from time to time BUT COME ON !!! Tis the season to be jolly falala 
Goals for 2011 ! 1 still work out even harder than before !! Find some thing to always be thankful for daily ! And finish my scrapbook projects I got started !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all . Blessings !!!! 
Brr pumping gas its cold !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas every one !!!! I call myself very blessed to have as many and good friends as all of you'll!!!!!! Have a great one !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Call me crazy I'm at the gym ready 2 work out yeah !! 
Off 2 the gym w\\Zack !! 
Brrr !!! Come on Summer !! 
Wowza a power work . Out !! Awesome !! 
Now to bake a carrot cake !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > 
No < PROPMALE > today let's see if I can go it alone !! 
Had a great time !! Thank u every one who came out !! Herbie loved it made him feel special !! He is special !! 
27.00 w tax 31.00 
I'm sure they have a special for New Years 
Any ideas about New years ? Any suggestions ? 
Why is it when I tell someone something they just don't get it ? HELLO !!! 
Another grand work out with < PROPMALE > !! Boy am I sore !! No pain no gain !! 
Spendin the last day of this year doing my 2 hour work out !! Thenhome to shower then off 2 dancing yeah haw !! Look out here we come !! 
Happy New Year !! 
hey haven't forgot anybody been offline with the phoen And the computer . 
Well well well , My cell phone < PROPMALE > was way out of what I expected !!!! $447.00 and it is not on but hopefully in the next 2 weeks !!!! And I have not forgot any one just my phone is off ! The computer would not log on so finally got that back on line ~!!~ !! Talk about with drawls !!! But my additions are all gone now !!!! I survived !!!!!!!!!!! LOL Love you'll!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so excited !!!! I just can't hide it !!!!! Work out time 4:30 be there or be square !!!! 
Awesome work out w/Zack !!!! The glider is my new friend !!!! Talk about burning calories up !!! 
Awesome work out alone !!! No < PROPMALE > but I am motivated to do it with or without < PROPMALE > !!!! I still go and do it !!!!!!! 
Good morning to all !!!! Have a great day !!! Stay warm !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Awesome work out yesterday !!! It will be awesome today !!!!! 
Good Morning !!!! It feels like a heat wave !!!! outside ! Have a great day !!!! 
< PROPMALE > has done it again !!!!! I dropped 6 pounds this week !!!!! Yeah !!!! I'm so excited !!!!! I just cannot hide it !!!!!!!!!! I got on the scale and kept moving it down wooow hooot !!!!!! < PROPMALE > you are pretty awesome !!!!!! Thanks for taking the time to help and work out with me !!!!!!! 
Beer !!!!! 
Good Morning !!!! Enjoy the sunshine !!! today !!!! It is suppose to snow Wed . < PROPFEMALE > I am ready for Spring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BOO HOO I didn't even get to enjoy the wonderful weather we have been having !!! Ugh at work the most of the time !!!! Glad I have a job ... would have loved to have spent some time out side !!! 
The weather out sides delightful !!! Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ,!!!! I really do love snow ! Always have !!! I find it a captivating magnetic force the allures you to take a look !!!!! 
Okay here's the scoop !!! My 4 wheel drive part is unavailable and I cannot get to work . Any one with a 4 X4 that is in East of Bristow OK and is headed to town want to give me a ride !!! PLEASE !!!!! 
Where's the snow ploy man ? I could ride to town with him !!!! 
Man this bites !!!! 1st time in 12 years that I have not made it to work !!!! I really need a ride !!! UGH !!! Yes that is how dedicated I am !!! 
I really need some of those Alaskan snow shoes right now !!! 
I hope the man who plows the road comes today so I can get to town !!! 
I am so very hyper today let me see what I can do today to burn off this energy !!!! 
I am all dressed and ready to go !!!! 
GOOOD MORNING !!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a great day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Are you rooting for black and gold or green and yellow ? Let's see hmmm who's going to win !!!!??? It is Soup R Bowl Sunday !!!!!!!!! 
How long do you think it will take me to shovel 1/3 of a mile of snow ?.... Should have started days ago ... couldn't thou , everyday I left at dark and everyday I have returned at dark . <3<3<3<3<3 I bet that would be equal to 2 hours at the gym , or more ? 
Good Morning !!!! Let's not say that dirty word snow it is coming !!!! Go away !!!! I say !!!! You can only stay a day ! 
Oh my I must get ready for work !! Shall I pack a bag just in case ? 
Well Nowata had record low temps . WOW -31 degrees where is my Alaskan parka and snow shoes !!!! That is way to cold for me time to move where its warmer !!!!!! But then again Spring will be here before ya know it !!! 
I am so very glad the snow is off the road !!!! Back to my regular workout routine !!!!! Even though I was not exercising as much . I am so excited to say I still have lost weight !!!! Thank you < PROPMALE > !!!! I owe it to you !!! For just changing a few things in my diet !!!!!!!!!!! 
I seriously need to go to the car wash today !!!! I seriously need to get a 2nd job in the evening ? Anybody know a place that is hiring ? 
Made it to the car wash only to come back home to a muddy road ! But I went to the gym !!! Lost some more weight !!! Whoot Hoot !!! I told Zach wow is this going to happen all the time !!!! Better than McDonalds !!! I'm loving it !!!! Thank you Zach !!!!!! You are GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Valentines Day !!! <3 <3 <3 
Just when you think life sucks ! Then BAMB !!! \) ~ It get's as great as GREAT can get !!!!! <3<3<3 \ " 0 " 
Good Morning !!!! Have a great < PROPFEMALE > loving day !!!!!!!!!!! I am !!! <3 <3 
Good Morning ! I am up way too early everyone have a great day !!!! 
HMMM Something is in the air !!!! Not sure if that is good or bad yet ! 
Some people sometimes drive me nuts !!! 
Good Morning !!! Everyone have a great day !!!! After work off to the gym I go !!! I must , I must !!! Actually I love it !!! Want some more of it !!! 
HMMMMM !!! Is all I am going to say !!! 
I just cannot help my self man I love going to the gym !!!!!!! It is so interesting I must say !!!! Oh boy !!!!! 
3 < PROPMALE > on the glider and ab work out went great !!!! 
Woke up at 3:35 AM in a tizzy thinking OMG I am going to be late for work !!! Well nope came to my senses and realized nope that is Tues . not today !!! LOL went back to bed for 2 hours !!! LOL Got a laugh for this morning !!! Have a great day it is suppose to get warmer today !!!! 
Went to a new little place in Owasso , I have to say it was quite interesting !!! 
Feel the burn !!!! Glider is my new friend !!! 3 < PROPMALE > !!! Yeah baby now to get to 5 < PROPMALE > a day !!!!! I'm working on it !!!!! 
Good Morning !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a great day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \) ~ " 
WOWZA WOWZA is what I'm saying !!!! 
Everyday needs to be gym day !!! Ah the feeling is great !!!! 
Who ever turned on the air conditioner on out side can turn it off !!!! 
WOW !!!! I am seeing those results !!!! Thank you Zach !!!!!! 
Great work out just got done !!!! Better than McDonalds I'm loving it !!!! 
Good Morning !!!!!!! Going to a birthday party after church ! Then for sure hitting the gym hard or may try Zumba today !!! I cannot wait !!! 
Well I didn't make it to the gym or Zumba , My uncle bought some land out and round mountain and we went hiking out there . Believe me I got my work out , I was in heels hiking !!!! Sure enjoyed it ! Then we went to see an Ole neighbor on Coyote Trail !!! Man that was even better !!!! Had a wonderful visit and man how things have changed since we were kids !!!! 
Good Morning !!!! What happened to Spring ? Oh well make the best of it . We need the rain !!!! 
Hey what's up ? Have a great day !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > day !!! Chasing the clouds away !!!! 
< PROPMALE > even without you going to the gym with me , I have been being a good girl !!!! I even went today and did my work out did not work on the biceps tho !!! 250 on the exp !!! 
Had a great work out at the gym !!!! Yeah !!! Makes me happy to go !!! 
Spring Break , what is that ? And why did I not do that years ago !!!!! 
Good Morning !!!!!!!!!!!! Have a great day !!!! 
Well , well , well , my my my 
Work out has been great !!! I am upping my game !!!! Doing more and more now !!! Awesome just wished I would have started or never stopped years ago !!!! 
Have a great day !!!! \) ~ " 
Had just a small bit of bad < PROPFEMALE > , Frig went out and the repair man said it would cost $600.00 to fix it and that I could go buy one cheaper than that . What's up with that ? !!!! Well already bought a new one . Nothing fancy for me just give me the best and cheapest one you got ! I could spend money on something else like a car !!! 
Well now it is time for me to get off my duff and get to the gym !!!! 
Go to the gym , go to the gym , go to the gym !!!! NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had some much needed R & R over the weekend !!!! 
Now back to reality ! 1 the gym !! 
It is gym time !! 
This is the stuff that drives me crazy !!!! This is the stuff that drives me wild !!!!!! 
Oh boy let the fun begin !! 
Oh my I thought that there was a burn ban . There is a fire a few < PROPMALE > frm here . 
Sometimes I ask what have I done to deserve this ?? Hello Lord can you PLEASE answer that question ? You know what I'm talking about !! 
Today is your day !! Make the best of it !! Go fly a kite it is < PROPFEMALE > enough !! LOL ! Have a good one !! \) ~ " 
I sang to a ninja under your bed cause that's how I roll !! 
