Ha 4:42 and we just got home .......... drunk typing now ..... my new years rez is not drinking so much anymore ,,,,, ps baby you ripped it up on rock band tonight !!!! love you sweet cheeks !! 

Watching to see how the playoff dice may fall ....,.... who we going to play next week ? 
Well 29 today one year and counting until the dirty 30 The point of no return , I certainly don't feel 29 , Kandi says i am close to being a creepy old man , ha ha she is a real Comedian , 
Book of Faces 
Yet you cannot lay remorse upon the innocent nor lift it from the heart of the guilty . Unbidden shall it call in the night , that men may wake and gaze upon themselves . And you who would understand justice , how shall you unless you look upon all deeds in t 
I can't seem to shake my addiction to world of warcrack ....... I wonder if they have WOW anonymous ..... Hi my name is < PROPMALE > and i am a user . LOl 
I just want to ask what the Fuck is the matter with people . I mean really i just don't understand sometimes peoples fucking Malfunctions ................ Well RIP < PROPMALE > McNair ....... I hope whomever shot you burns in hell . 
Bored . 
\We are stardust We are < PROPFEMALE > We are billion-year-old carbon We are caught in the devil's bargain And we got to ? get ourselves Back to the garden \"" 
Well super psyched That Rasheed < PROPMALE > is now a Celtic !!! Can you say banner 17 .... i feel real good About the Pats , they are going to be a sick offense again with a real good infusion of young talent on Defense ... Redsox have a filthy nasty pitching and 
Ahhh Football season is here . all is right in the world now . PS i need more people for fantasy football . i set up a private league so their is no douchebaggery going on sooooo join and invite a friend or two . And for the other 2 guy's that have already joined ( you know who you are ) i just have to say ...... \ It's on like Donkey Kong . \ " PSS .... You are wrong < PROPFIRST > Byrne it is never \ " the same as it always was \"" 
Getting ready to head to Boston to watch a Red Sox , Yankee's game ....... Go Sox !! 
Went to Fenway again last night to watch the sox ! Great seats ! great time ... left at the rain delay in the 7th though right after < PROPFIRST > Bay made the play from the outfield to throw(can't remeber who cuse i was to busy yelling at < PROPFIRST > to make a play ) .... someone out at the plate ....... i was looking directly down over him when he did ... freakin guy has a cannon for a arm . 
GO PAT'S!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S ON LIKE DONKEY KONG . 
\ How did you get the Beans over the < PROPFIRST > son ? \"" 
Dont want to be an actor pretending on the stage Dont want to be a writer with my thoughts out on the < PROPFEMALE > Dont want to be a painter cause everyone comes to look Dont want to be anything where my lifes an open book Dont want to be a farmer working in the sun Dont want to be an outlaw always on the run Dont want to be a climber reaching for the top Dont want to be anything where I dont know when to stop 
< PROPFEMALE > slumbers fill your eyes . Smiles awake you when you rise Sleep pretty darling , do not cry , And I will sing a lullaby 
Wtf not quite sure who's idea it was to have soccer games at 8 in the freakin morning or why i needed to get up at 6:30 to be there for 8 but not very impressed right now . not in the least . i am sure it wouldn't hurt the kids to have the games at 10 or 11 instead of 8 
Getting to the very end of my rope when it comes to people and their over inflated sense of self importance and ego , which really hides Insecurites they have about themselves and life . I am so trying to be the better Man and not let it bother me but is so hard sometimes , so very hard . I really do not have any time in my life for these sort of people , These \Type A\ " personality's " 
Thanks to everyone who was able to make it to the show last night . we had a blast and i hope everyone else did as well . 
is anyone elses facebook screwed up ? cuse mine sure is 
Well i suppose all you yankee fan's are pumped , i just want to say sorry if you fall on nails tonight , Ha Go Sox . Bleed Red like the rest of us . 
Progress is never perfect . 
Wake me when the day breaks Show me how the sun shines Tell me about your heartaches Who could be so unkind ? Do you dream to touch me ? And smile down deep inside Or could you just kill me ? It's hard to make up your mind , sometimes . My angels , my devils , my thorn in my pride . 
WTF PUNT THE FUCKING BALL !!! 
What else can i say but that the game last night has left a bitter taste in my mouth all day ...... that should have have been a W for us . man oh man ...... next time belicheck don't listen to < PROPMALE > and do the right thing ...... PUNT THE FUCKING BALL . 
< PROPFIRST > Montana : Me , I want what's coming to me . Manny : Oh , well what's coming to you ? < PROPFIRST > Montana : The world , chico , and everything in it . 
i just watched a couple episodes of ALF on HULU ...... holy crap did that bring back memories . 
Well I hope the < PROPFIRST>'s game has a better outcome this week ! I think i may go watch the game at < PROPFIRST > Gage's place . although last time he and i drank two 30 packs and a 12 pak ..... man i was hungover for day's after that one !! will certainly have to refrain from doing that again . 
< PROPFIRST > Adams here i come ........... MMMMMMM Beer ! 
So i was asked to participate in a group ring around the < PROPFEMALE > with my children . so i obliged , and as we were doing this family ring , i thought it best to tell my kids the real meaning of the song . the look of horror and disgust was priceless !! when i told them it was was written in the mid-evil ages about the plague and the burning of the bodies which creates the ashes and the poesy's they left on the bodies . 
Happy Thanksgiving , Eat Drink And Be < PROPFEMALE > . 
Up at 3:30 this a.m to have some breakfast and then go cristmas shopping for the chitlin's on this blackest of friday's ..... hope we dont get trampled by savage shopping mobs . 
Wow talk about waking up on the wrong side of the bed , i am a fucking asshole today , yup down right rotten . and thinking about that lame performance by the pats last night doesnt help at all . BAH 
Just got done watching inglourious basterds ! All i can say is WOW ....... Quentin Tarantino is an amazing film maker !! Film < PROPFEMALE>'s , Dialogue , Action , a fusion of old film making and modern cinema , Twist's and Turns , Chapters , and last but not least . Violence and Gore . All staples of a good Tarantino Movie ! A Must see ...... 
Yup so i have lennon's christmas song stuck in my head . and now with any luck i can implant it in other peoples heads ...... So this is christmas and a haaappy new yearr the young and the oooollllddddd it's the best time of year ........... ;} ha i hope it works . so i am not alone with this . 
After gleaning more info from the events that transpired . The taste left upon my palate is a ever darkening disdain and contempt for people and their shallowness ...... wont someone please remove these fools from my sight . 
Going to watch the new episode of the legend of the seeker on hulu ..... folowed up with the leauge .... 
well i hope everyone who was wishing for snow is satisfied . looks like you recieved your wish to the degrement of others lol ....... man i hate winter i wonder if ill ever have a change of heart . you know wake up one day and go mmmaaannn i love snow do a little jump and click my feet together and give a little whistle .... nah probably not . 
Just got home from Band practice ...... chilling drinking a extra large buweiser can . aka last of the beerheekins ..... then off to bed for me . 
Is wondering what < PROPFEMALE > Rabbit ever saw in < PROPMALE > Rabbit ? Oh wait doesn't she tell < PROPFIRST > Valent at the end of the movie ? Or somewhere therin ? 
Wow this is the first time i have seen the grizzlies this year . they have a pretty talented young team and i think they will be a team to reckon with in a few years . 
< PROPFEMALE > schlummert füllen Sie Ihr Auge . Lächeln erwarten Sie , wenn Sie weinen . Sleep pretty darling weine nicht , ich will ein Wiegenlied singen . 
\A truth that's told with bad intent . Beats all the lies you can invent . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > .. .... Auguries of Innocence . " 
Just had some Indian cusine ! i must say i freakin love Naan dipped in Mashed vegtable curry sauce . Freakin yum . 
Faceebook is acting like a piece of shit this A.M sorry for the double post . 
I wanna put on ..... my , my , my , my boogie shoe's 
können Sie es glauben kann ich wieder Deutsch sprechen . in dieser verrückten Welt der Technik ! Früher habe ich in der Lage sein , als ich < PROPFEMALE > war , kann aber nicht mehr , weil uns unser Schulsystem ist gescheitert . aber trotzdem gute Nacht alle ! 
Getting ready to watch the Celtics game . hoping they pick up the W ! 
You thought the leaden winter would bring you down forever , But you rode upon a steamer to the violence of the sun . 
Being < PROPFEMALE > Incarnate is a daunting task ..... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > don't know what i would do with out you .... prob bags with tissue paper lol . Love you Baby and can't wait to see the kids faces tomorrow ! ~ 
yup ! up and drinking wondering why i am not tired ? and what i should do to entertain myself . 
Some new words for a song i wrote , kinda keeps with the new years spirit i think . LOL I wish my days were slow , serene like a young Child's daydream ..... Where minutes are days and hours were a lifetime ..... But now decades crawl by ... And time it seems to fly .... As i watch the world unfold .... Through these cold adult eye's 
Ok i do believe i am in the dark ..... many status posts of colors mostly pink and white ?... what am i missing is it breast cancer awarness or something ? could someone plz enlighten me ? 
Burnt umber how's that lol ..... i have no fuckin idea ....... 
Ok so i took matters into my own hands ..... and i now know the answer .... ha good trick but i am on to u guy's and yes if i were to wear one for my man boobs i would go with burnt umber .... 
Man i had way to much to drink last night .... this is why i have been taking it easy and only drinking every 4 days cuse i am soooooo sick of hangovers !!! no pun intended .. lets see i started drinking when i was 15 ... and ill be 30 in 6 months ..... if i were able to count how many of those days i was hungover it would easily be 2 plus years of just being sick with the booze flu ..... man my body fucking hates me .... lol 
playoff's start tonight yesah .... 
Go pats !!!! 
what is going on .... wow wtf 
Let's keep fighting boy's!!! games not over yet . 
BAH team had no heart all year ..... no fight like they used to ... but i suppose when u cut out the heart of the team , it takes awhile to find a replacement ..... we need to get a pass rush next year ..... and another vertical threat at wr like we had with < PROPMALE > stallworth . 
10 of 2 in the a.m and i just bit my fuckin cheek chewing on a slim < PROPMALE > ....... i sure do wish i could take my irritation out on something right now !!! fucking hate biting my cheek . 
I alway's wanted to be big in japan ..... HA 
After watching some shell silverstein vids on youtube i am conviced the guy was a pedophile .... i mean just listen to his parody on a boy named sue ... from the dads perspective .... kinda creeped me out .... 
I was watching 60 minutes earlier after the football game . and one of them was on haiti ... they were useing a bucket loader to scoop up the dead body's and put them into what looked like dumptsers .. that were sent out to mass graves . it was creepy and sad at the same time . 
LOVE MY MOM ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
wow feeling frisky today !... anyone up for a debate of any kind ?.... i do have to warn you though i may come on a little stong so bring your big boy/girl pants if you feel you want to tangle with some words .... pick a topic any topic .... 
Good practice tonight ! and next month will be 11 years since i have smoked a cigg .... sorry just mulling that over and decided i would share . 
I am skating away on the thin ice of a new day ..... 
I think the pastrami sandwich i had at the brew pub made me sick .... it had to of , i only drank three beers and .... pukey pukey time ... sucks ... 
wow slept in to qaurterpast 12 haven't done that since my kids were born .... kinda feel like i am 20 again lol . 
The jet's defense is nasty ..... i so whish the pats d could be like that next year .... 
a Entertaining game to say the least i hope the next one is as well . 
ok so that didn't go according to plan lets go new orleans ....... it's a battle of well balanced teams . 
I heard something on sports talk radio the other day they said if you are a New England fan , that asking who you favord in the jets colts game , was like asking if you wanted to have your left eye poked out opposed to your right one ..... i just want to say , my right eye just got poked out !! 
Wow what a great game !! that was extreamly enjoyable to watch . i tip my hat to < PROPFIRST > farve and the vikings .. and to you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > because when you told me in august that the saints would be in the bowl and beat the pats this year i did not belive you !! so Let's go New Awlan's let's get your first tropy ever ... it's a year of firsts !! 
\When will you realize your body is not a carnival ride ? \"" 
I don't mind the sun sometimes the images it shows I can taste you on my lips and smell you in my clothes Cinnamon and sugar-y and softly spoken lies You never know just how you look through other people's eyes 
Man oh man third day in a row that < PROPFIRST > has been puking .... i feel so bad for him but he seems to handle it well ... as in the actual getting sick part doesn't scare him , thank god or this whole ideal would be tramatic . 
The bottles stand ? as empty , as they were filled before . Time there was and plenty , but from that cup no more . Though I could not caution all , I still might warn a few : Don't lend your hand to raise no flag atop no ship of fools . 
Went to see the captain , strangest I could find , Laid my proposition down , laid it on the line . I won't slave for beggar's pay , likewise gold ? and jewels , But I would slave to learn the way to sink your ship of fools 
WTF < PROPFIRST > gave me the stomache flu ... WTF this is not what i needed ... 
Your rain falls like crazy fingers Peals of fragile thunder Keeping time Recall the days that still are to come Some sing blue . < PROPFEMALE > your heart on laughing < PROPFEMALE > Stray down to the water Deep sea of love Beneath the sweet calm face of the sea Swift undertow . Life may be sweeter for this , I don't know See how it feels in the end May Lady Lullaby sing plainly for you Soft , strong , sweet and true 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments .... Of or pertaining to something , that , by the carefully judged standards of a select few individuals , is very cool and awesome 
Any one have a flute that they don't use or need that maybe want to get rid of for cheap ... or at least a reasonable price ? 
Yup 
Nothing is easy , though time gets you worrying , my friend it's ok , just take your life easy , and stop all that hurrying , and be happy my way ,.... Nothings easy ... 
Yup so the new down stairs neighbors smoke in their apartment .... you know how i know this ? cuse i have lived here almost 4 freakin years ... and have never smelt butts ... ever ... now this is the fucking third time i have come home and my house .. doesnt just smell but fucking reeks like a fucking cigg ..... 
Well heres to a Saints victory tonight !! hopefully we get to see payton cry tonight ! 
It's a game . 
Congratz to the saints ... and sorry payton manning i guesss your team is not the team of the decade like douche bag < PROPMALE > Polian like to lay claim to . 
McDondald's say's it best ..... \ Be you do what you do . \"" 
is wondering when his FB < PROPFEMALE > layout will change like everyone elses ? 
The Middle 8 
Time for bed ! 
\ You can never account for taste\ " < PROPFIRST > Zappa " 
Freakin psyched !! just got a call from Retro Music and my electric guitar is done being worked on and set up !! i haven't played her in 5 years ..... and will have to admit i had a little pride swelling up when he say's \ you know i was actually really surprised how amazing this guitar sounds . it's a very nice guitar . \ " yup stoked . " 
It wouldn't surprise me if the pats draft offense at 22 ... like < PROPFEMALE > Tate . or if one of the explosive backs become available .. Tight End , Tackle ... Ect ... with the depth in the first 2 rounds this year , because of the CBA ... i think it is like 54 extra eligible players .... and the < PROPFIRST>'s haveing 4 picks in the first 53 picks ... i do think we will get some talent to add to the roster . 
Well , I have been a father a couple times over ... but this is my first time being an Uncle . 
Is wondering why Dunkin Donughts insits on hiring people with no fu*kin brains ! i mean WTF your job is to get people what they order .... if you can't handle a job like that get a new job !! every time .. everytime ... this is why i can't stand stupid people ...... it wasn't even busy we were the only ones ordering !! and they still got it wrong !! 
YUP ALITTLE BIT WASTED ............................... 
Yup 2 in the afternoon and still < PROPMALE > over ..... but had a blast last night !! 
Man oh Man those < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s were good last night .... but they got me blitzed .... 
Yup hate the snow ! I wonder if i am the only Anomaly around here ? been living in N.H for 20 plus years and i still hate and despise the winter time 
is under the table and dreaming . 
Does anyone remember Zach < PROPMALE > ?.. you know the sick comic book artist we went to school with ?.... i thought i saw him on here so i shot a email out asking if he went to monadnock ... and he replied he is from the \fukin future\ " so i was like ok someone forgot to take their pills today ... now this douchebag zach < PROPMALE > .. but not the one we went to school with gets sending me nasty emails ... " 
You can watch the combine on nfl.com nice !... i don't have the nfl network so this is the next best thing ! 
I could be < PROPMALE > like a wandering Gypsy ... I could be poor like a fat wallet lost ... I could be first man or I could come last ... It's not who breaks the ribbon boy it’s how you get across .... I could be red , blue , black and white ,.. Sunset darkest at day , brightest at night ... I could be the sun , or I could be the < PROPFEMALE > ... I'm made up from the stars .. I'm shining so bright . J.B.T 
Ahem ... what we got here is faluire to communicate . Some men you just can't reach . So you get what we had here last week , which is the way he wants ... well , he gets . 
is thinking that C.J Spiller and < PROPFIRST > Clausen will be Seahawks after this draft .... just a hunch . 
HMMMM strange things abound .... makes me think and wonder .. 
Made the drive from bratt safe tonight ... got a little carried away on the beers tonight at practice .. lol .... 
Now I don't know , but I been told it's hard to run with the weight of gold . Other hand I have heard it said , it's just as hard with the weight of lead . 
Just have to say < PROPMALE > Haynes is the motha fukin man !! 
Going to get some eggs < PROPFEMALE > at mamadukes . 
Broken Ideology 
Just heard < PROPFIRST > Haim died ... bummer ... might just watch lost boys today . 
yuppers bustin into the vodka now ... should make for a wonderful morning .,. U 
\If you don't fail you will never succeed . \"" 
\I used to think that anyone doing anything weird was weird . I suddenly realized that anyone doing anything weird wasn't weird at all and it was the people saying they were weird that were weird\ " . < PROPFIRST > McCartney " 
Hmm i think it's it's daylight savings time tonight .. which sucks .. that means instead of being 2:14 in the a.m it is now 3:14 in the a.m wtf .... i hope i wake up and someone has told me i am wrong on this !.... but i do like longer daylight hours . 
About to watch law abiding citizen ... hope it's as good as it looks . 
Can't wait until i get used to the time change .. seems to be a rough one on me this year . 
is wondering what it is about March that at least 50% of the people i know are born in this month ... that's no joke it could be well up to 75% also ,, sooooo many people ... 
just got home from a really good show !! it was fun thanks for everyone who showed up !!! and hope you had fun !! 
Trying to upload pics from last night . and it says my java runtime envoirment needs updateing but the update keeps failing both auto and < PROPMALE > ....... getting a little bit irritated about it all . .. i just want to upload some freakin pics !! 
Had to resize these freakin pics .... this has become a < PROPMALE > pain in the arse ! 
alright ... for those of you waiting for these Pics ( you know who you are ! ) i will try posting them tomorrow ... i am done with them today ... tried 4 times to upload them and they failed everytime .. so i have resized them all ... and will post them tomorrow morning . 
I find it very strange that we are having 70 degree weather in the middle of March ..... that isnt right ... for this time of year/ area . 
Ive only been awake for all of 45 minutes and already bordom is setting in ! what the hell can i do with a 2 year old that we both would enjoy doing ?... probably nothin .. suppose i could throw him on my back again and take a hike somewhere .. but that just doesn't seem entertaining to me today . 
Goodnight World ...... 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship .... REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ... 
Really whish i could take a nap right now i am pretty sick of this shitty day .. and hope it will get better ... 
\We are not Human Beings having a spirtual experience . We are Spirtual Beings having a Human experience . \"" 
Been giving my self a crash course on Summerian History over the past three day's .. i must say it fascinates me to no end . 
I alway's forget to look down in the right hand side of the < PROPFEMALE > ! thats suppose to tell when peoples birthdays are .... so if i am your friend on here and i didn't whish you a happy Birthday , i am sorry and Happy Belated !! 
Strangers passing in the street .. By < PROPMALE > two separate glances meet .. And I am you and what I see is me ... And do I take you by the hand .. And lead you through the land .. And help me understand the best I can .. And n o-o ne calls us to move on .. And n o-o ne forces down our eyes .. And n o-o ne speaks and n o-o ne tries .. And n o-o ne flies around the sun ... 
wow .. went to pick Bri up from school cuse she is sick , and i cannot belive how freakin nice out it is .... wow .... well when her grandmother comes and picks her up i am going to throw < PROPFIRST > on my back and i think a nice 3 to 4 hour hike is in order .... hopefully catch a tan ... this white boy is in serious need of one . 
Ok so this will be my first time in our new Jeep that ill get to drive with the top off ... pretty psyched . 
Man oh man i can't stand the yankee's!! and it's not even cuse i am a Sox fan either , i woulnd't be able to stand them no matter what team i rooted for ! 
Good Ball Game ! 
I think the Eagles are ballzy .. for trading < PROPMALE > Mcnabb in their own Division ! Could possible come back to bite them . 
Taking the boy up Gap mountain .... every year he gets heavier and heavier .... good work out , though . 
well booze is gone ... damn it !! i wasnt done ! but my excircise in hiking the mountain ... is def catching up with me ... think i may go pass out now !.. peace ! 
Just heard exciting news ... freakin pumped !! 
have an extension for google chrome that give me i dont like button .. and skins for my facebook ... want to see if this really works or not ... soooo i will dislike my own comment . 
Pretty Psyched for tonight !! there may be some famous guests attending our show !!!! SHHHHH don't tell anyone ... it's a secret !! I hope they do ... and if they do our guests who show up will be in for a treat ! man or ill be in for a treat ,, regardless should be very cool !!!!! 
Thanks to everyone who was able to make it last night ! It was a blast like usual and i hope to see everyone again next time !! 
Pictures of last night will be coming ! 
I have been wide awake since 2:30 this morning . and i awoke in a strangely reflective mood . i really wish there was somewhere in my apartment i could go and play my guitar without waking everybody up . 
Wen't to drop < PROPMALE > off at school and decided i wanted to listen to Blues For Allah and was getting pretty bent that it was skipping so much , then it dawned on me .. i have had that cd since i was 15 , that means that particular cd for 15 years wow i think that may be a long time for a cd ... no wonder it skips so much LOL ! 
I don't care < PROPMALE > Collins has a great voice and writes good songs !!... not afraid to say it anymore !! LOL 
I Hope Someone Get's My Message In the Bottle ! 
Sweet finally got comcast NE sports back ... after 4 plus months of not having it .... one day the station doesn't work and then one day it does ..... so basiclly couldn't watch the celts all winter and now on what the last game of the season or close to it , i get it back .... Lame if you ask me ! 
Looks like pedroia is on pace to have another league MVP year !!!! All 5'9 of him ! 
Your rain falls like crazy fingers , Peals of fragile thunder , keeping time . Recall the days that still are to come , some SEEM blue . Hang your heart on laughing < PROPFEMALE > , stray Down to the water , deep sea of love . beneath the sweet calm face of the sea , swift undertow . Life may be sweeter for this , I don't know , See how it feels in the end . May Lady Lullaby sing plainly for you soft , strong , sweet and true . 
Awful quiet around here tonight ! kinda weird change of pace i am not used to . 
I just wish the draft would hurry up and get here ... sick of waiting for it !! 
\The rhythm of her conversation .. The perfection of her creation .. The sex she slipped into my coffee .. The way she felt when she first saw me ... Hate to love and love to hate her ... Like a broken record player .. Back and forth and here and gone .. And on and on and on and on ... only several < PROPMALE > from the sun \"" 
WOW i guess when you have a 30 something point lead over another team they just switch over to another game .... bah whatever ! 
How can you teach people who chose to be ignorant ? They wallow in their own comfortable bliss . Blind to things around them . 
Ok so i hiked gap 2 days in a row last week and today was my second day in a row this week and if tomorrow is nice i am going to make it three .. gradually work up to everyday of the week ! and with the extra 35 lbs on my back that is < PROPFIRST > .. i do think its a great work out !! And Monadnock is next on the list ! 
Draft's almost here ! 
Looks like Kindle and or Odrick will be here at number 22 .. lets see what they do 
well traded back twice .... Kindle and Odrick still on the board but i see Odrick going to baltimore ... well find out soon enough . 
Wow < PROPMALE > just drafted Tebow .... WTF ...... good pick ! i think he may be a good quarterback and McDaniels is a good quarterback coach 
Just watching vids on < PROPFIRST > McCourty last night , weirdly enough .. and thought to my self he would be a good fit for the pats ... just didn't think it was in the first round !! 
Another good pick .... now we need to draft < PROPFIRST > Norwood . 
I hope the pats will pick up < PROPFEMALE > Tate with this next pick coming up ! and go celts !!! 
well that sucks no < PROPFEMALE > . 
Nice we got Spikes ! 
Pierce and < PROPFIRST > are on fire tonight !! 
Good Game man !! i would love to see D'Wayne < PROPMALE > in a celts jersey next year !! wishful thinking i know .... 
A Looooong Day ahead of me ..... have to try to fit Band practice in today before < PROPFEMALE > and I travel 2 hours for an Engagement party and drinking ! Should be fun except for the driving part ! and Let's go Pats let's keep on filling up the roster with good players ! 
is pretty pissed he can't watch the Celts game tonight cuse it's on NBA.tv WTF ...... irritates the piss out of me !!!!! 
Yup kinda bored ! 
wtf is going on with FB Tonight ?.... changing shit again i see !! 
Can't stop yawning this morning . it's rather annoying . 
I wish < PROPFIRST > wasn't sick i really want to hike gap mountain now that it's nice out this week . 
Just got done playing Master Of Puppets for my kids ! LMFAO it was great their natural reaction was to head bang ... LOL ! a little change from what they normally hear , here ! 
Good night world ! 
I do believe i drank to much last night . 
Cold mountain water , the < PROPFEMALE > merchant's daughter , Mountains of the < PROPFEMALE > , electra bow and bend to me . Hi ho the carrion crow fol de rol de riddleHi ho the carrion crow bow and bend to me . 
Only one up now .... but want to thank everyone who came here tonight i had fun , and it was a good time . 
I am sweating like a fat kid at fat camp , right now .... love hot weather just not the humid part . 
That was a travel !!!!!!!! that's why i hate NBA officiating !! 
Let's go Celts ! Woot ! 
Buzzed now !! 
Pedialyte works great for hangovers !! doesnt taste the best ... although the grape flavor is the best one of the bunch .... but the stuff is almost like magic !! 
That ain't workin thats the way you do it , money for nonthin and the chicks for free ! Now that ain't workin ' that's the way you do it Lemme tell ya them guys ain't dumb Maybe get a blister on your little finger Maybe get a blister on your thumb . 
Gone Hiking ! 
Headstone of < PROPMALE > PURSELL . Born in 1896 , \ 
Died in 1971 , i think this is the only other guy in the history of of \ 
the world who i have the same name as ... he lived in tasmania ! i guess \ 
my name is unuiqe .. cuse i can't find anyone else with the same name as me ... 
ha in fact you want to see something funny google your name and then hit the images link at the top ..... 
We're bobbing on the surface and the shadow glides below .. They say she feels my heartbeat , oh but how I'll never know .. That it's the ocean flowing in our veins . Oh .. That it's the salt that's in our tears .. Oh .. ' Cause we could have come so very far\ 
Oh .. In at least as many years .. take the highway to the great divide 
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's on here . 
Nice they need to keep up the intensity !!! And keep on making Lebron < PROPFIRST > cry like a little bitch !! There was someone in the crowd that had a huge Lebron head that was pouting and had a tear coming out of the eye !! thought that was priceless !! 
Looking forward to see Rondo get another triple double tonight !! I know i shouldn't be looking ahead to the next series but the Magic scare me . not so confident of the match up as i am of the Cav's . 
Let's go Celts !! 
It's a game tonight folks . 
Looks like the Celtics all season , Rope A Dope is paying off !!!! they look full of Vim and Vigor !! Like i said to people before the playoff's ( you know who you are ! ) it's time to put up or shut up for the Celtics ... So far they put up . Now is the time not to be cocky , and go for team wins like tonight !! 
The Magic scare me Match up wise this next series !! But i never lose faith and i wont underestimate this Celts team ever this year !!! 
Man i can't believe how late i slept in today . Let go C's!!!!!!!!!! 
is in the process of writing a new song that i am pretty psyched about !! hitting a wall with the lyrics though .. per usual 2 verses in and a chorus , oh well they rest will come i am sure . 
Watch out gang green is coming !! 
I Love how < PROPFIRST > pierce winked at the camera after he said the the Boston fans are not going to let them become complacent in there next 2 home games ! 
The Celtics are on fire ! Yessah ....... 
There aint no time to stash the gumbo Or rattle around in a cage The sacrificed childs made bubbles And spittle is everywhere enraged 
going to take the boy for a hike up gap mountain . then i am going to come back and work on building the website for the Biz . 
I hate black flies ! 
is Yuengling deprived :( I wan't one sooooo badly right now ! \ 
But instead I live with the fact that they are a bunch of elitist brew masters , who deprive most of the country of the sweet nectar that is their beer . 
WTF i knew better than to allow this fucking app access !!! against my better judgment ... i just wanted to be distracted by beach babes ! Sorry people . 
ATTENTION !! The Video \DistractingBeach Babes[HQ]\ " is a virus if it gets posted on your profile DON'TCLICKIT!!Soon As You click it you get a virus that automatically sendsthe video to your friends ... WHAT EVER YOU DO DON'T CLICK IT !! COPY&PASTE THIS INTO YOUR STATUS TO WARN YOUR FRIENDS !! " 
To much beer and not enough food = hangover for this guy ! 
Go C's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bringing the kids out on a boat then some swimming . 
Wow , holy freakin hot batman ! 
This heat doesn't add to my friendly disposition , that's for damn sure . 
is hoping the Celtics have a answer for J.J Redick tonight ! fuckin guy kills them off the bench . 
here we go ... man i have a bad feeling about this series now ! remains to be seen though . 
oh wait what was i sayin about Reddick ?.... WTF ... 
And this is why NBA officiating is\ 
is a big piece of turd !!! one of those guys is getting < PROPMALE > tonight by his calls ! 
Ready to Rock and Roll , and Groove and Funk ..... and all other necessary evils 
WOW i drank to much last night !!!!!!!!!!! per usual ...... but psyched the C's are in the finals !!! 
Wtf to do on this gorgous day ..... i was outside , now thats over ... need to figuire out what to do next ............... really whish i owned a canoe or 2 . 
played some ball with the woman , and the kids ... was fun but have my fix of the sun for a bit . 
WTF is all i need to say ....... 
It's times like these , you figure out who your true friends are ......... 
Cloudy day's are good for clouded minds . 
All i want for my birthday is another Celtic Banner !! Game 6 would be a day before and Game 7 would be a day after , that still counts i think .... we shall see .... oh and ps .. another Patriot Super Bowl win wouldn't be a bad thing either . 
God i can't stand kobe < PROPMALE > ... guy seriously bugs me . 
\The\ 
I am watching the lakers win , but i don't think the better team is winning\ 
I am wondering what the score would be if the shots the celts were making were actually going in . 
After listening to some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tonight , it is more than evident that < PROPMALE > Matthews was heavily influenced by his singing style .. and even song arrangement . 
Gargamel !!!! Arrr ................................... 
Holy Rain Batman . i feel like i am in florida or something .... 
is pretty aggrivated that he woke up today and there is no tv stations ! i wonder if its the whole town or just mine .. if i cant watch the celts game tonight cuse of it i will be bullshit . 
successfully watching the game online ... and not with espn 360 either ... psyched finding this site . 
Back to the Garden , where it's all even .................. 
Cooking some Beer Brats for dinner , man i sure do enjoy Brats . 
Alright these guy's need to start making some shots here . 
Bahhhh 
Getting ready to watch the Book of < PROPMALE > , i hope it's good . 
Let's Go C's !!!!! 
Good Night , Cruel World !... at least a celtic win soothes the ole bones .. LOL , JK no Ole bones yet ... another 10 years or so .. then it's weary ole bones .... 
Wishes he was still sleeping ........................ 
Treading Trodden Trails For Long , Long Time 
< PROPFIRST > Pelky , ( bedard ) stopped by tonight , holy shit it's been awhile .... had a good time drinking some beers and reminiscing on \Grandma's House\ " back in the day ! Holy shit we did some delinquent shit there ... We really did ! \ 
HEY\ 
LAKERS : ... ??? (•_•) ??? All Boston Celtics fans pass it on !! 
WTF ... need to weather the storm .... perk goind down is not good at all ! 
is very peturbed with the celtics .... i wanna say they will come back and win this ... but .. the way they are playing i find it very unlikley . 
Can't watch anymore ................................ 
I am the dirty 30 going to need a gurney , to lay down my head , after all of the good drinks ...... Sorry < PROPFIRST > reworded it on you .. lol 
Going to the killer for some B-day drinks .... no kids equals some free time for mumma and I . 
Went t the V last night first time ever ! really liked the music being played there , and think it maybe the first place i have seen around here that has rouge on tap ..... feelin that shit this a.m for sure though , hangover big time ! 
The green better take it tonight !! Losing Perkins is a crippling blow though ....... everone else needs to play like champions tonight , and wipe that smug look off Kobe's Face !! 
Freakin tired , need to go to keene to do some food shopping but kinda to lazy to cook tonight .... i wonder if google will tell me what i should eat tonight ... LOL 
Hmmm would love to rent some Canoe's today to take the kids out on , i wonder how much an idea like that will cost . 
R . I . P Grandpa , you will be missed ! 
holy crap that was a earthqauke i felt ... thought my apt was going to collapse .. 
Ha , I posted on the keene sentinel facebook < PROPFEMALE > about the Earthquake and they put me in the paper . LOL 
wow my F'm computer is fucked up , what ever virus i got is a doosey .. 
Pretty bommrd that my computer is screwed up , hope it last long enought to get the pics and important stuff off it . 
Going to go party and cook some ribs on the ol'e charcoal grill !! can't wait . 
Just spent the last day in a half in chesterfield had a great time , played some music last night and some horse shoes all day today ..... oh and of course lot's of beer drinking !! 
Good stuff keep up the good work ! 
should turn the mic down when you play ... it ' overloading :) 
Wow whats up with all the new advertiments on here ? Kinda annoying , but better than having to pay for FB I suppose . 
Standing here \ 
The old man said to me Long before these crowded streets \ 
Here stood my dreaming tree \ 
Below it he would sit \ 
For hours at a time Now progress takes away \ 
What forever took to find . \ 
Now he's falling hard \ 
He feels the falling dark \ 
How he longs to be \ 
Beneath his dreaming tree \ 
Conquered fear to climb \ 
A moment froze in time \ 
When the girl who first he kissed \ 
Promised him she'd be his . 
Hmmmm i wonder if it's just coincidence that I get a blue screen error on my computer around 11:30 - 12 am every night for the last week ... it cant be . now if i can just figure out what software or drivers of mine is causing it , i'd be much happier . 
I thoroughly enjoyed last night ! i drank to much though . now to shake it off so I can bring the kids up to seths later for a good hike ! Not very happy about the fact someone stole a 18 pack of beer from us i have a pretty good idea who it was , like you said < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch they will get theirs . 
At a beach house in Groton CT with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys , thanks to the < PROPMALE>'s for inviting us to come , it's awesome here !! 
Man wish i was still down on the beach , next to that cool sea breeze . it's been a great couple of days . 
Bringing the kid's to see the monster trucks at the fair grounds ! 
Going to watch a pee wee < PROPMALE > movie with the kids ... they freakin love the guy for some reason . 
\Goodnight you moonlight ladies . \ 
Tuck and roll motha fucka , tuck and roll ... * said in < PROPFIRST > L Jacksons , Pulp Fiction character voice * 
Got home a half hour ago from spending all day tearing down a barn in this F'n heat and humidity !!! seriously WTF I don't live down south for a reason . a little much i have to say a little much , i could have passed for a black man with how much dirt and dust that was on me from sweating so much , and it basically turning into mud on me .. 
\I'm going to write my words on the face of today ! \"" 
T-Minus four day's till Patriot training camp starts and offically the start of the new season !! 
Waiting for football season is like waiting for a surprise or a vacation day , it doesn't come fast enough !! 
97% of teens ( and middle aged women ) would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight standing on top of a skyscraper about to jump . If your one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn , screaming , \DO A FLIP YOU SPARKLY BITCH ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status " 
Yup , bed time ........................................ 
\Close your eyes and bow your head 
Lindsey\ 
Lohan who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled \ 
20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 These 20-somethings gave \ 
their lives for you this week . Repost if you support OUR Military . 
Just like in Music it's not about what you see , it's about what you feel ! 
< PROPFIRST > turned 3 today , how time flies ... Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > . 
See I once was a young fool like you , \ 
afraid to do the things\ 
that I knew I had to do . \ 
So I played an escapade just like you , \ 
I played an escapade just like you . \ 
... I sailed a wild , wild sea climbed up a tall , tall mountain I met an old , old man he sat beneath a sapling tree . He said now if you got some questions go and lay them at my feet . but my time here is brief so you'll have to pick just three .. 
I'm so tired , I haven't slept a wink\ 
\ 
I'm so tired , my mind is on the blink\ 
I wonder should I get up and fix myself a drink\ 
No , no , no . \ 
I'm so tired I don't know what to do\ 
I'm so tired my mind is set on you\ 
I wonder should I call you but I know what you would do 
Wakey wakey eggs and bakey .............. 
Not sure what to think about the Shaq signing .. he plays piss poor pick and roll defense and never runs the floor ... but they do need big men till Perk comes back . 
Sweet talkin ' people done ran me out of town , and I drank enough of whiskey to float a battle ship around , But I'm leaving this game one step ahead of you , and you will not hear me cry ' cause I do not sing the blues . 
Holy crap < PROPFEMALE > over city ............. keg beer does it every time !! 
Boredom is a foul beast , and it's been sharpening it's teeth on me ............. 
Pre-season games are better than no games at all . 
oh yes excited over this Pats team ... there is potential there for sure . 
It all relates to relativity . 
Wow way to many beers on a empty stomach last night ....... haven't eaten yet today starting to get a tid bit hungry here . Time to make a brunch for the ages . It's going to be damn good !!!! 
Butt Rock : A kind of music popular among tweens esp . in the midwest and is usually found in the alternative rock\ 
section of a music store . Butt rock bands usually have predictable percussion break downs , simple bass lines , simple guitar riffs and overly \ 
emotional/ semi romantic lyrics . 
Can't F'n sleep WTF 
Trying for round 2 of sleep ! It better come or else I may bash my head off of something so I can sleep LOL 
Home at 2:30 and hopefully my wonderful < PROPFEMALE > tapped the game as I requested about to go and check right now . < PROPFEMALE > if you remembered then you get a :) if not then I will :( Tears in beers and what not !! 
Yuengling oh fuck yeah !!! Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for bringing me some up from Virgina ..... It's like Christmas in August . 
well it's 11:30 in the morning right now and after being up till 5:30 this a.m I am wondering why the hell I am awake right now !!! 
If you ask me I think grilled cheese sandwiches should be considered comfort food . I think they are anyways . Or it could just be my love affair with cheese ! 
All in all it's just another brick in the wall . 
Yup made it home did a < PROPFEMALE > walk across the kitchen and cracked the beer while winking a imaginary people ........ oooohhhhh yyyyeaaaahhh 
So maybe I could be a fly And feed arachnid as I die .. \ 
And view the ritual from within The silken tunnel that they spin .. 
Kids are off to school !! 
I need some Grammatical religion ... 
Well looks like we got the house in Richmond super stoked about that !!!! only downfall is I'll probably be without the internet for awhile .... I think I will have < PROPMALE > facebook withdrawals .... and withdrawals from all the other million things I do on the internet but 20 acres of land and a huge place to live thats not right next to the highway and cop shop are wonderful things :) 
Send me on my way 
is under the table and dreaming .. 
Gronkowskiis a beast ... he makes it look easy . 
In the shadow burns the flame that does not light the night\ 
as we dance in pure blackness praying to make it right\ 
Human is as Human does , some pray for forgiveness from above\ 
Some pray to make it right , to light the flame that illuminates the darkest night\ 
By Me ..... yup I know artsy some would say , but that's how I roll 
Roll away the dew . 
Just want to say every time I stay up till 3 the same 2 people are always on ;) If you feel like this is you , it prob is :) 
I usually would be psyched to go see music at the music fest but not feeling it this year ... it's pretty uncanny how some people can sap the passion of things right from you .... 
With our thoughts we make our world . Fortune Cookie 
moving shit blows !! 
F**ck I do believe I was hacked !! Be careful of what apps you accept on this site that's for sure !!! I kinda feel like I am on myspace again ! I really do hate the low lifes that sit around coming up with malicious things on the computer ... these people are lame ! 
When is Richmond going to get caught up with the 21st century ? I grew up in the town with no cable and there is still no cable . I don't want to pay more than I am paying now for shittier quality satellite internet !! I am adding this to the growing list of things I find very lame !! Anyone know who covers Richmond for 3g networks ?? I know it isnt sprint or at&t and they will not say who does those bastards !! 
Need to get motivated for more packing and moving , and sitting in front of FB isn't helping . 
mmmm coffee ! 
need some good moving tunes to listen to .. anyone have any suggestions ?? something upbeat but chill at the same time . I know that sounds like an oxymoron but .. i guess what i mean is I don't want to listen to metal . LOL 
Some people really do have an over inflated sense of self . like they are special and the world revolves around them and everything in it . I find these people lame and if I never have to ever meet another person with this character flaw again it would be too soon . :) 
I <3 Foot ball season ! go Pats !! 
there's battle lines being drawn , nobody's right if everybody's wrong , some people speaking their minds getting so much resistance from behind . it's time we stop hey what's that sound everybody look whats going down . Paranoia strikes deep into your life it will creep it starts when you always afraid step out of line the man come and take you away . 
just dumped a half a beer on to my keybord pad for my comp and now it doesnt work mix that in with the fact i have to work tomorrow and i dont yet have cable at the new place so i was going to record the pats game here while i still had cable and .. all the chords were taken to the new place ... so summery ...... 
is wondering how the fuck you actually defriend people on here would love to know .. 
ahh good didn't even need to do it myself ... 
I try really really , hard not to dislike people but I can't help it ..... so hard to actually meet genuine people in life ... it's a shame really . 
for those who call us the new # is 239-6510 ... goodbye for now cyber land . 
wow been awhile since I have been on here .... but going to build a smomeat smoker for the new place have everything i need but the directions that i had , but dont remeber where i put them on my comp . peace all ....... 
At last I stand toe to toe , with the things that come and go . With the thoughts that shape my world and grasp at nothing , my fingers uncurl . 
Yup everyday I am reminded how much I hate people . different day , different people same petty bullshit ... I often wonder to myself when will I meet some decent people in life ? you know people who are humble but confident , people who don't talk shit or create drama or down other people to make themselves feel better because of their own self confidence issues 
Ive been spending way to long checking my tounge in the mirror , and bending over backwards just to try and see it clearer . but my breath fogged up the glass . so I < PROPFIRST > a new face and laughed . I guess what I am saying that there is no better reason , to rid yourself vanity and just go with the seasons . 
Pass the hot sauce would ya , need to feel the burn . 
Day off , woke up with no power and in a foul mood !!! I hate winter !! not looking forward to going back to the abode and sitting with no power all day . But I suppose I can play the guitar don't need power for that , although I need new strings in the worse way ..... and ..... \ 
Ramble , ramble , ramble I really have nothing to say , \ 
other than I hate winter in the worse way . 
been months since i have been on here ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all . 
Hello me it's me again . another month later ...... Facebook deprived I tell you , Facebook deprived . 
Going with a old school profile pic ... I kinda like the black and white .. and of course you can see God in the window behind me LOL . 
Man I forgot I was a fan of Playboy on here ... they always have the best pics and links to share :) \ 
Ok < PROPFIRST > now I wan't to do something this weekend thanks for planting the seed in my head ... it will now grow into a costly tree of drinking and other assorted activity's ..... 
Going to go and see Dispatch this summer .... ohhh fuck ya 
at the library on the internet ... need to go get some kindling wood and some diesel fuel cuse we ran out of oil . 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s brothers place to watch the game ...... second year in a row I am rooting for a NFC team in the superbowl . I am not a NFC fan but there is 3 AFC teams I will not root for .... in no paticular order ... steelers , colts , and jets ....... and the best thing about the packers winning tonight is < PROPFIRST > Rodgers is NOT < PROPMALE > farve . 
I was thinking of playing rugby this year ... still up in the air though . it's cheaper than playing football but I am still weighing out pro's and con's . 
Holy crap deion sanders you look old . 
Touchdown Greenbay ........ again 
INT number 2 
OK So ....... I do not like the black eyed pea's .... just saying .... 
\What the hell is a Beiber\ " ? \ " I don't know kinda looks like a girl ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > Matthews is a beast . 
GreenBay wins ...... good night !! 
well on fb with the new phone not the same but close enough for funk ...... will someone reply to this post so i can see how this all works on my phone ? 
can any 
can anyone tell me what app to download for my phone to watch youtube vids ? 
off to worky worky 
father johns medicine 
yup up to early in the a.m for it being my day off ..... think i may just go back to sleep 
can't find my mic .... Not very happy right now . 
wow am i hungover .. at mamadukes with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > eating some eggs irish ... trying to anyways ... dont feel very well 
< PROPFEMALE > and i are going to see our first 3d movie tonight hope its worth the price ... nick cages new flick drive fast or something like that . 
so kand's dadlent us some cash so we could see the movie .. debit card expired with all our loot in the bank where we cant get to it umtl monday . Must say 3d movies are really cool ... that movie was pretty good also got to love gunfights , cars , and naked women in 3D :) 
When we remember we are all mad , the mysteries disappear and life stands explained . < PROPFIRST > Twain 
I think that if one truely wants to live forever , then all he or she needs to do is come up with some epic qoute . You know . One that spans generations . Preferably one that has much wisdom and grace as you can muster .... I think I may give it a shot . 
there is just no reasoning with some people . 
had a fun time last night ... good to chill with friends i havent seen in awhile ... and thanks to < PROPFIRST > for being our DD . Red red wine . 
got the officaial confirmation from bergquist last night ...... That means its on like donkey kong ...... stay tuned for some great music folks . Now we just need to pick a name . 
yup new song in the works ... I love when it is as easy as grabbing my guitar and it just comes out ... like it's been there the whole time . 
the whole time change thing sucks to get used to . But at least it stays light out longer thats a plus . 
As I Was looking back on my life ... and all the things I've done to me . I've been searching for the answers , I've been searching for the key's .... The wreakage of my past keep haunting me .. It just won't leave me alone .. I Find it all a mystery , could it be a dream ? The road to nowhere .... leads to me . 
The < PROPFEMALE > be they kings or poets , or farmers , their a people of great worth . They keep company with angels and bring bit of heaven here to earth . 
my body is your fiddle , only you can make me sing . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > day ! I think some guiness is in store for me tonight . 
well I decided that I wanted some black and blues for < PROPFEMALE > day ... And I had the bright idea to go to blueberry fields to see if they have any blueberry ale , and they did bar harbor brand ... Never tried bar harbor blueberry ale so i grabbed it and brought it to the counter and it rang up at 10.50 six pack .... wtf it better taste just like i was eating blueberries !! 
Monday how I hate you so .... You are foul beast sinking your claws into me . 
Full Face Transplant 
Mmmmmmm Yuengling ... Sweet nectar of the Gods !!! Oh how I love you so ... Let me count the sips .... 
Today is my friday amd oh yeah payday ! 
starting to feel a little grumpy again .... Hmmm what can i do to turn my frown upside down ? Any suggustions ? 
heading to band practice with lance ... going to rip it up . 
really good practice last night !!! packed with a amazing jazz jam that took us all around the world and back .. And considering there was a hit and run on a coyote and < PROPFEMALE>'s employees hating us for ordering 10 bacon burgers at 145 in the morning .. it went well . 
darling when I see you in person it's my favorite version never ever be alone . home is not a place it's a state of mind .. Cuse when I see you in person thats my favorite version . 
I can be < PROPMALE > like a wandering gypsy , I can be poor like a fat wallet lost . 
another day another dollar ... 
man really dont wamt to work today Dr < PROPFIRST > is late picking me up should be there right now amd havent even left my house ... He says the roads are shitty ...... it just makes me not want to go in even more ....... oh well such is life I suppose . 
well dr < PROPFIRST > called and said he is off the road so looks like i wont be going into work after all ... i hate relying on other people for shit .... oh well he was doing me a favor he didint need to do ... 
Well we finally have the internet again outube here i come LOL 
At mama dukes eating their amazing breakfast .. usually get the eggs < PROPFEMALE > but decided to change it up today getting feta sausage tomato omelet .. it is pretty freakin good .. love this place . 
getting ready to go to band practice hopefully another good one . 
What's on your mind ? 
Man I love that I can look at the internet on my tv again !!!!! 
