Facebook is becoming crappy . Too complicated . I yearn for the simplicity I first joined for . 

is pretty sure you are supposed to aim for the cars when playing golf . It's a lot easier to hit off of pavement . 
so it wasn't a turning < PROPFIRST > . Whatever . the lady didn't have to be THAT mad . right ? 
got off work a little while ago . It took forever to close tonight , yet I am not tired at all . 
lost voice . Feels like crap . Shearing sheep tomorrow and perhaps baling hay , then work afterward . FML . 
tired and thanking God for the day off . 
just woke up from a nap , getting to bet might be a little difficult now . 
forgot how much energy it takes to ski . I'm exhausted . 
sore all over . Work better not be busy tonight . 
skiing ... because belly flops don't hurt enough when you aren't going 30 mph . 
it seems like I never have time to do anything anymore . Two more weeks and everything should cool down . 
needs motivation . 
needs this sheep thing to be over . pronto . 
joining a fraternity . 
heading to work soon . I smell like sheep . go figure . 
audiobooks , you can do anything while you listen . Go for a run , mow the lawn , walk sheep ... anything , except read ... the irony . 
< PROPMALE > Potter 6- one thumb up . 
wants fair to get here quickly . 
sheep show went great . Not as well as last year , but still great . Now time to relax and have fun instead of worry . 
is dry . After about 40 water balloons , two buckets and many other miscellaneous wettening items later . 
sad that tomorrow is the last day of fair . 
my last fair come and gone . very sad , but it was a pretty great fair . 
finally home for a few a little while . 
Is in a very good mood . I wish I felt like this every day . 
has still got it . Ran 4 < PROPMALE > . first run since cross country season . No stops . I feel good/tired . 
playing cards with the family . nice night in , but the cards seem to hate me tonight . 
hasn't gone fourwheeling for a while . looking for something to do tonight . 
gonna go weed eat . o boy . 
going to a barnstormers game for my dad's birthday . 
back home . leave tomorrow for Chicago . 
in Chicago til Thursday . 
still in Chicago . back on Thursday . Having a pretty good time . 
I don't like hotdogs , but I have to admit the Chicago hotdog is pretty good . 
I like traveling , but being home feels good . leave on sunday for college . 
off to college today . 
tired , and sore . overall , good time . 
has to go sing to a bunch of people I don't know . O boy . 
feels like I'm getting it . One step at a time . 
I can't figure out why I'm tired . shouldn't be . 
needs to run more . Tonight felt good . 
just spent like 3.5 hours working on design . Turns out they were telling the truth when they said it would be a very busy class . O BOY !!!! 
saved a girl from certain death with < PROPFIRST > . 
going to an < PROPMALE > museum . Hooray ! 
is with < PROPFEMALE > planning to take over Liechtenstien . 
my voice hurts . Damn you \Yell Like Hell ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > pong feels sooo good . Haven't played in forever . 
cleaned the house , ate brunch , now I have to shower and shave then go work on a design project , then hopefully make it to supper , then Yell Like Hell , then homework , sleep , and a full day of classes tomorrow . O boy ! 
sometimes I feel frustrated . 
sitting around studying and doing laundry . I feel pretty good . 
How hard is it to spell < PROPFIRST > ? My name is not Brain ... jk I'm used to it ... for now . 
doing laundry and homework . They seem to go hand and hand . 
in a good mood . Need to go to bed soon . Feeling like something big is going to happen this week . 
I think I'll put my homework off til later tonight . It's a bad idea and I will regret it later , but that's still not a good enough reason . 
the hallways are painted , kinda crappily , but painted at least . Gonna take a shower then go to bed . I like college life . 
I wish I could have made it back for homecoming , but tonight was probably more fun . I do miss my Creston friends tho . Lots of love . 
such a bad mood and it's all because of the attitudes people have . 
donated blood today . It took forever , stupid ... veins . Now just studio left for the day and then an open night to enjoy . 
so I think lightning just hit in our parking lot . Loudest thing ever . I found myself on the floor and there was a huge flash that made everything look like daylight . 
I love rainy stay-in-and-relax days . 
design 102 project . so stupid . 
stuck in the same situation looking for a change . 
Angry that the new The Office episode isn't online yet . 
had a good weekend at home . Now , back to college life . 
made it on to Wednesday for Yell Like Hell ! 
I need to get some things done , then I will be able to have a good weekend , hopefully . 
so I was planning on having a good night . Then I got all sick and stuff . Hope tomorrow is better . 
sick on homecoming . Great . 
still sick , blah . 
making a hammer out of paper . This definitely feels like a college class . Actually , it is unexpectedly hard and I will never make another paper tool ever . 
trying to figure out what classes to take next semester . Should probably figure out what mojor to do first . One step at a time ? Nope . 
this design program is kicking my butt . I don't think like this . Crazy designers . 
A pretty decent night . Some go your way and some go the other way . I would say that tonight was inbetween . Nothing to complain about but nothing to celebrate . I guess we have to be thankful for these nights though . G'night . 
has to work on design today . eventually . 
not enjoying working on design , once again . 
about to start initiation week . Might be out of touch for a while . 
a new active member of Pi Kappa Phi . 
this week is gonna take forever . I know it . 
thanks for the birthday wishes . Mucho appreciato . 
I wish I could just skip my classes tomorrow and start break early . Stupid mandatory classes . 
this feels weird . In my pajamas at 10:30 and eating homemade food . Being home feels good . 
windows 7 , yes sir . only $9 , yes sir . 
people in ames keep leaving status updates like \yay snow\ " and stuff and I don't see any snow . Quit getting my hopes up . " 
Snow . ' nough said . 
pretty much a four day weekend . Then three days of tests . I'm gonna ignore that last part though . 
phones broken . 
loaner phone . yep . 
its weird . Lots of guys are leaving the house and I'm not even halfway done with my finals . 
two more finals tomorrow . In tests from 7:30 - 12:45 . At east I can get it over with . 
going to Spirit Lake to visit my Grandma . 
back in Ames . Couple days of getting some stuff in order . 
actually looking forward to classes starting on Monday . Tomorrow should be pretty relaxed . 
looking forward to actually getting into this semester . I have a feeling it should be a good one . 
looks like I'm gonna be pretty busy this semester . 
actually getting a lot done today . Success . 
it bothers me when people put the emphasis on the wrong parts of sentances . 
I wish I could < PROPMALE > in wasting money . I would be very good at that . Maybe I should look into something about working with the government . 
its beginning to look a lot like Christmas , which is dissapointing because its still like 10 months away . 
can't wait for opening ceremonies for the olympics . 
watching me some olympic opening cerimony . My favorite part . 
and life goes on . 
awkward night so far . Time to study for test tomorrow . 
The sun is high , we're moving on . 
This weekend is going by too fast . unacceptable . 
a good weekend . < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , the arc casino night , a new phone and hoodie , and all the spaghetti I could ever eat . 
should probably pack . Leaving for Texas in about 4 and a half hours . 
because even when the pavement ends I'm gonna keep on walking . 
Kansas State !! 
I hate online homework . It is useless . 
swam in a swim meet for the first time since 7th grade or so . I ... didn't die . 
my Psych teacher referred to Family Guy in one of our practice tests . I now dislike him slightly less . 
not exactly what I had planned . sadly . 
first final tomorrow . Alright ... 
Today I felt like the richest man in the world of college , but then it all went away . 
This studying has been surprisingly peaceful . almost relaxing . 
finally done with finals . Looking forward to the summer . I think it is going to be a good one . 
Just bought actual groceries for the first time . Like , bread milk and eggs , legit groceries . I feel all grown up and stuff ... and hungry . 
I don't know why I'm still hungry . 
booked my flight to Charleston . Getting a little more excited now . Just a couple more weeks . 
\Like\ " this\ 
today seemed to fly by . 
watching all my old design friends getting accepted into programs and wondering what would have happened if I had stayed in the < PROPMALE > . 
being pretty productive for only four hours of sleep . Kinda pround of myself . 
I always swore I would never get a twitter account , but now I have to for Pi Kapp College . My bet is my account lasts for less than a week . 
Back home in Iowa , but I hope to never forget all of the things I learned and all of the people I met in Charleston , South < PROPFEMALE > . Pi Kapp College 2010 . 
chatting with the hp support guy online . Surprisingly friendly . 
pretty great weekend . 
I wish I could just have groceries delivered . I hate shopping for food . 
I'm such a handyman . 
still don't feel like school has started . As of right now I still don't have any homework and have yet to buy any books . Am I technically even a student ? 
just dropped $515 on books ... it's a good thing I didn't get to use that money for something fun like skydiving . Instead I can enjoy the good company of boring books for four months only to return them for $20 . Hooray ... 
today I found out you get a lot of strange stares if you walk around town carrying a watermelon . Who would have thought ... 
< PROPFIRST > Kavalier is possibly the coolest man alive ! 
it takes fedex a week to deliver a package ? That's kind of ridiculous . Why does my package have to go from Wisconsin to Kansas ? I believe Iowa is found somewhere on that route . 
curse you homework . 
I love having a light homework load this semester ! On the bad side ... most of my classes are heavily exam weighted . 
I guess not everybody can be logical ... 
I should really go to sleep soon . Saturday seems like it might be pretty busy . 
is employed . Hooray ! 
busy busy busy weekend . Which is a good sign . 
really should have put aside more time to do everything I have to tonight . my bad . 
tired . Just watched twenty minutes of < PROPMALE > potter before I realized it was on the Spanish channel . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! They are very appreciated . 
in less than 12 hours , I will be done with finals . I cannot express the excitement that I feel when I think of this idea . 
sometimes , life is just plain exhausting . 
sometimes its good to just let things go and just go along with the flow . Life takes you to a lot of interesting places and some of the most valuable moments aren't listed in your itinerary . The good times and the bad times , as long as it gives you a story to tell . 
I'm so happy I actually have a job I enjoy now . Kinda helps to want to go to work every day . 
Getting ready for a 17 hour drive . I love road trips ! 
why do I have to spend an hour researching something when I could make up my own perfectly good facts ? 
one speech and three tests this week . Might as well be finals week . 
