oh great ... the powdered milk song again ! 

facebook deactivated my other account . :( 
Exciting news !!!! I attended the Rotary Youth High School foriegn Exchange Program interviews this weekend . After getting nervous , 2 1/2 hours of interviews , and giving a speech I was accepted !!!! 
is definitely not getting an iphone . * sad * But will get an ipod of some sort * happy * My Christmas present to me ! 
hope I get the new piano piece done for the recital ..... Will you be there Mallorie Ast ? 
so , the universal cry for snow didn't work . How about it getting above 50 degrees so I don't have to < PROPFEMALE > buckets of water . 
Interview over , now time for a piano recital that I am not ready for . 
Yay for Christmas break !!!! 
why is it when everything is going fine and then bam ! they throw this giant chord at you and no matter how you look at it you can't seem to play it ? How big do they think my hand is !?! ( in regard to piano ) 
Shamira has been sold !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > just ran into a door ... 
what am I going to do tomorrow ? 
if only all that rain had been snow ..... :( 
Should I cut my hair short again ? Yes , I know it is already short . :) I saw someone at Woods with a pixie cut and it made me want to chop it all off ! 
baking cookies 
< PROPFEMALE > got an Apple laptop . I am so jealous !! 
Watching SNL . 
< PROPFEMALE > gave me an itunes card . What are some of your favorite songs ?? 
Going to build a snow fort !! 
watching Naked Gun 
we went sledding . Bad part : the < PROPFIRST > got stuck . 
went to KC today ! 
playing pictionary . My team is winning ! :) 
tomorrow : horse judging meeting at 2:00 , hippology meeting at 4:30 , and working the booth at the park . Come by and keep me company . :) 
no school !!!! Watching home videos . How embarrassing . : ) 
No School ! 
Monday off , 2 days on , and 4 days off . I can get used to this !! 
that's right , they need to break us in easy . we have gotten pretty unruly in 2 weeks . :) 
Deer in the headlights .... literally ! 
I am going to < PROPMALE > y !!! Anyone know of any good < PROPMALE > language programs ? 
is going to watch 30rock !!! 
It's snowing !!!! 
I am addicted to Praan ! ( song by < PROPMALE > Schyman ) I play it over and over on my ipod as well as on the piano . 
going to choir practice ... lalala :) 
jr. team is going to state in horse bowl !!! 
ACT today ..... what fun 
there is trouble in mind , there is dark , there is dark and there is light , lay your hands over my eyes , as I look deep , through valleys deep and wide , across the boarderline for the empire in my mind ... 
going to Columbia !! 
thinking she might actually go ride ... 
I didn't answer any questions about anybody !!! Facebook you are making me mad .... lol 
rain rain go away , go ruin someone else's life for a change ... 
making a bracelet .... I haven't done this in ages !! lol 
woohoo !! 2nd place with my beer bottle artwork ! lol 
lovely headaches ... :( 
why do I have to feel so guilty ??? 
found another song to annoy my family with ... YMCA !!!! :) 
my brain is slightly impaired from lack of sleep ... it is wonderful not to be quite so uptight ... 
getting my hair cut ! 
well that was a short , powerful rain shower .... 
funny how when something suddenly happens you can think of 5 complete sentences in a second .... for example , when a horse falls ... 
going to watch < PROPFEMALE > at her wax museum !! 
< PROPFEMALE > has an amazing voice !!!!!!!!!! 
wishes I could quit feeling like this ... its been years ... I'm tired of it 
sigh ... 
really ? thank you itunes for deleting all of my songs ... 
lovely . A chicken just got attacked . 
I stay up late doing homework , but I'm always up the latest with < PROPMALE > . :) 
it seems superficial , but in actuality so deep 
I miss jump rope and < PROPFEMALE > :( 
playing 21 guns !!!! 
had a good day . I played while < PROPFEMALE > sang 21 guns , jumped rope again , and there was another very good thing , but I am not going to tell ! :) 
aaahhh the feeling of summer ! :) 
I look at people's status and come up with really sarcastic comments .... but of course I never write them 
:( 
that thunder was awesome !!! Just makes you stand back in amazement over nature's power ! 
silly , silly boy . that is not what you are looking for . see , over there -- now that is the flying dutchman :) 
hey , if your a horse judger the wall is your best friend ! Yes , we do look like idiots to those that don't know , but that is how you win . That wall is most likely what your reason listener will do to you ... stare you down , trying to make you break . However , since we all know that they do this , the best way to shake us up is to actually be nice :) 
watching M*A*S*H ! 
what to make for dinner .... 
I have only been awake for a couple of hours and already I want today to be over . 
going to ride Mia and give lessons ! 
had a very good day ... first one in a while ... I rode twice ( yes my legs are rather raw and my butt bones hurt ! ) Threaded seed beads without a needle ( yes I am also INSANE ! ) and made ice cream . good day :) 
of course that good day couldn't last long . Back to the feelings of hopelessness , shame , and guilt . :( 
hi im < PROPFIRST > lol hanging out with < PROPFIRST > now we are bored together yay lol 
what kind of ice cream should I make ? 
lovely . I just had a spider crawling on me . 
I get to play at < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!!!!!! 
I hate it when someone calls the wrong number and they don't even have the courtesy to say \bye\ " . They just < PROPFEMALE > up right in your ear . " 
the best way to start a day ... with a headache 
well I guess I am going to ride ... 
Now I'm sweaty and dirty . The joys of horses :) 
arabian website quit screwing up already !!! 
I'm going to ride ... lets hope Mia is better and not worse from yesterday ... 
well done babysitting ... lessons tomorrow morning ... I guess I should get some sleep 
what should I do ? Can I handle it ? 
Yay !!! The outbound camp has a piano !!! I was getting worried , because I don't really have any other talents ... 
going to ride at the arena and help my 4-H kids . 
well I had a good ride on Mia ... 3rd one ... lets hope this is a consistent occurrence ... 
teaching always makes me feel happy :) 
my doggie is sooo soft ! 
storm go away ... I don't want to turn off this computer ! lol 
well all that rain is going to screw up lessons :( 
< PROPFEMALE > get up already !!!! I want to play my song !!!!! 
wishing I had answers . 
well I finally have my license ... mom , you can quit nagging me now 
going to bushwhacker ... 
writing a speech ... 
going to a wedding ... 
I am screwed ... 
off to camp !!!! Be back on Thursday .... 
:) 
writing thank you notes . 
watching Butch < PROPFEMALE > and the Sundance Kid ! 
I am starving ! 
going to see toy story 3 
watching The Sting !!! 
don't you just hate it when you want to go to sleep so your mind will blank out and you can't ??? there is only one way to get out of this mess ... I will keep fighting , but it is getting old . 
I have been so tired lately and I don't know why ... 
I feel so left out not following the world cup ... 
Jesus came to the Americas to preach to the indians .... 
I am going to miss state fair :( 
Ich bin glücklich ! 
Es ist heiß außerhalb ! 
okay < PROPMALE > people ! what is \was\ " in < PROPMALE >???" 
Transformers war gut ! ( lets hope that is right ! ) 
google translator talks to you ??? Now that , ladies and gentlemen , is truly amazing !!! 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > for making my room smell sweet and fruity ... not 
why have my tall boots been giving me sores lately ??? 
Pferd !!!!! 
giving a lesson then back to the feelings of being trapped while hopefully accomplishing something . 
off to watch super-teen !!!! ( girls , smash those eggs HARD ! ) 
well this sucks . It is supposed to rain most of today and probably tomorrow too . Mother nature : Why do you always have to rain on the horse show ??? Are we your favorite to torment ??? 
I am going to regret staying up this late tomorrow ..... 
writing thank you notes and still not tired ..... eeerrrrggggg !!!!!! 
horse show went very well !!! I'm so happy !!!!! Mia did excellent !!! :) 
I get to show at state fair !!!!!!!!! 
haha the rain missed the horse show !! :D 
okay rain you can stop now . The trailer is going to flood :( 
it's raining !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to watch slumdog millionaire !!! 
was sick half the night . :( 
enjoy your life as a kid as it all goes down hill the older you get . 
itunes works again !!!!!!!!!!!! 
great , now my computer won't eject my CD !!!!!! 
I love district 6110 !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
37 more days till Germany !!!!!! 
Mom stuck me with needles !!! :P 
going to see Inception !!! 
is sweaty and dirty from horses ! :) 
so mom streaked my hair ..... but also tiger striped my scalp in the process ..... 
going to a SCRYE Conference !!!!! 
It is 6:30 ...... 
I will never get there . No matter how hard I try , it will never be reached . It can't be in my life span . It is not physically or mentally possible . I can only hope to bring myself a little closer . 
State Fair tomorrow !!! I'm pumped !!!!! :D 
not leaving for State Fair until around 6pm :( 
bathing horses in a thunderstorm .... 
< PROPFEMALE > won horsemanship !!!!! :D 
Mia got 5th in showmanship !!!!!!!! 
lessons today ! 
got a like new purple Gap cardigan for 50 cents !!! Best find of the decade !!! :D 
is in a dress/skirt mood ... 
feels sick . :( 
going to see Salt !!!! 
Just got my Rotary blazer !!!!!! 
going swimming !!! 
so should I get the picture of Shamira with her tongue sticking out or the one with her on the rail in horsemanship ? 
\Now that's a horse that will make you start talking to yourself . \ " So true . " 
off to a Rotary meeting !!! 
11 days before I leave !!!! If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , let me know as I am running out of time ! 
just spent 45 < PROPFEMALE > . chopping pecans , because the first batch burnt to a crisp ! Now my thumb hurts . :( 
Mind over Matter . 
going to see The Other Guy with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Phillips !!! 
7 days !!!! :D 
Why do I get motivated to do things at night ? 
Euros !!!!! They are so colorful ! :D 
Just got my hair cut !!! I love short hair !!!!! :D 
is going to regret staying up this late tomorrow ... 
sometimes I just want to rip it out and trade it for a new one ... 
everyone is in school , but me ... 
Just got back from picking up Franziska from the airport !!! :D 
going to Skip and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > just fell off the bed ! 
so < PROPFEMALE > just rode Mia ... 
2 more days !!!!! 
last day !!!! 
for my last meal in < PROPFEMALE > , I had chinese ... 
be back in a year ! hopefully ... 
Off to the airport !!! 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha no , it's amazing here !!!!!! \ 
I arrived safely and everything is fine . \ 
Host family and friend are cool and my room is awesome !!!! \ 
I will post pictures later . \ 
I love Germany !!! Very pretty . :D 
well I've been up for like 35 hours now so sleep is greatly needed . I can't function without delays haha . night all 
I got some sleep !!! :D 
Ke$ha , really guys ??? haha 
day 3 ... 
just took a walk in the rain !!!!! :D 
still trying to master walking down the wooden stairs in socks without falling ... 
I feel short . :( 
My times are still screwed up . I am staying up until 3am every night .... 
First day of school , kinda ... I only went for 3 hours . I am trying out different grades and will know what my schedule is next week . 
has a sore throat . 
going to meet another incoming exchange student and my second host family !!! 
has a cold . :( 
still trying to find the less squeaky parts of this house ... 
everyone is so surprised I am only 16 and on an exchange .... 
\I'm the girl that hides her pain with a smile to brighten everyone else's day . \ " random quote " 
so , I ate my first horse sausage today ... 
Why are the FEI World Equestrian Games leaving Europe for the first time and coming to the States when I'm in Germany ?!? 
I miss riding . :( 
Had a great time with all the Löwes in the the Netherlands this weekend ! :) 
Leaving for a wedding in Croatia (?) tomorrow !!! :D 
perfect day for a walk/run . :) 
had my first riding lesson today ! :D 
We judge others , because we have not yet walked in their shoes . 
schnee !!! :D 
Finally , a white christmas ! :D 
gave up . It's too hard to draw after drinking coffee lol 
Dad passed away this morning . I love him with all my heart and will never forget him . He was such a remarkable person . Truly no words can describe who he was . May he finally be at peace . ? 
Home !!! 
going to see < PROPFEMALE>'s show choir performance ! 
going to ride my pony , Mia . :) 
going to see < PROPFEMALE > cheer !!! 
fever :( 
just got my math books ! yay !! haha 
I finished 4 math lessons today !!! Only 121 more to go ! 
Covered in a mound of blankets . Five to be exact along with fleece pj's , yeah .. I'm still sick . 
I want nutella ... 
For a small , plastic jar of Nutella it costs $3.33 ! This is a rip-off !!!! 
NCIS marathon !!! :D 
screw the super bowl , I'm going for a walk . 
going to KC for prom dress shopping and a hair appointment !! 
best day in a long time (: 
making cookies with < PROPFEMALE > (: 
why won't my lip stop bleeding ?? It has been like 30 < PROPFEMALE > already ! 
made steak cubes , covered in mushrooms , onions , and blue cheese with asparagus . :) 
regional horse bowl competition today ! 
making pumpkin muffins with cream cheese frosting :) 
Can't sleep :/ 
was going to ride , but it got dark too fast :( 
Ride Mia or go to a talent show thingy .... 
maybe I should get up and finish the cake I started ... 
Bonfires and a cool day :) 
all I want to do right now is play the piano . 
Has come to the conclusion that she doesn't like afternoons . They aren't the productive mornings or the calm nights . Merely , a space to be filled until your mind centers itself again . 
The most valuable thing you'll ever earn is trust . 
Is going to disappear into the depths of darkness . 
loving this weather :) 
Perfection is never attained by a perfectionist . 
It's snowing !!!! :D 
Kansas City today !!! 
is very proud of all her horse judgers today :) 
not tired . 
wishes she meant something to someone . 
and the war within continues . :'( 
Love all , trust a few , do wrong to none . ~ William Shakespeare 
