I can't stop sneezing .... 

The sneezy feeling is back ... no actual sneezes , but that sneezy feeling .... the one that makes you crazy .... the one that feels like you dumped a crap ton of pepper in your nostrils .... is back . 
My predictions for 2011 ... 
Twilight zone and Three Stooges marathons happening . which should I choose ? 
Thanks everyone for accepting the friends request . Sorry for any confusion from my original profile . 
Please excuse me while I beat my head against the wall . 
Get a call at 9 am from the school , you know it's going to be a bad day 
Decided to deactivate the other account . 
Why must boy people be idiots ? 
Mmmmm Bacon ! Nom Nom Nom Nom 
Laughing at People's Court . Assault with Dog Poop .... Such a train wreck . 
Just learned that Digsby will allow me to both Like and Dislike something at the same time . Possibly proof that the creators are female . 
I hate it when we have technical difficulties due to the sites undergoing maintenance . It mean complaints will start rolling in . 
\I am Pagan\ " has declared me a \ " Super Pagan\ " where's my cape ? " 
Is tired , but , can't nap . Blah ! 
Sometimes , thinsg on the internet scare me .... 
Sometimes , my inability to spell scares me even more . 
The Rattlettes are starting to try out solid foods .. Still aren't giving their mother any rest now , they're just little garbage disposals . 
doesn't think you have to wear a pentacle to be considered pagan - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
Rattlettes = Better than cable 
I require entertainment 
Managed to get a sunburn and a matching couch/love seat all in the same day . 
Gonna wander off and watch ' The Outer Limits ' and see if I can fall asleep without Ambien tonight 
Plan for sleeping without any ambien failed miserably ... slept for two hours , now I'm up and not pleased about it . 
Sleep , sleep , oh , how I want to sleep ... Yawn yawn .... of course , if I lay down , My brain will decide it's time to be wide awake again ... Wonder how much I'll hurt myself if I fall asleep here ... 
How the Hell did an ' Un-named ' application end up on my recently used list ? I haven't played with anything that didn't have a name . 
Time for Bed ? 
New Kitchen Experiment Underway . Lets hope it turns out good ! 
It's just a melody\ 
it bleeds in me\ 
hard to believe\ 
that I've let it go 
is wondering why I would send people penguins .... - on http://pagan.i2we.com 
I guess my new neighbors don't sleep .. YAY for people that wander back n forth from 2 am until the sun comes up ... Think I'll have to take an ambien to get any sleep tonight . 
Anyone in the area want a rattlette ? 
Char Sui and Veggie Stir Fry for dinner tonight ... The Kids are already glaring at me . 
I just decided ... I want the same color hair as the Char < PROPFEMALE > 
The kid who likes green stuff is now picking all of the broccoli out of the pan to finish it off before I can get anymore stir fry ... 
Playing with hair dye 
Decided to cut my hair ... Fun times 
Facebook can be educational . I now know what a ' Duck Face ' is .. Thanks Bran person . 
has heartburn ... not fun 
Sparkly Vampires and Pre pubescent werewolves is So NOT my thing . 
Hey Guys , I'm not going to have internet access this upcoming month , if you want an email addy or phone number to catch me , send me a message . 
Getting ready to have limited internet access in July . Message me for other contact info 
Watching a few old episodes of Criminal Minds .... Yay for shows about profiling 
Sets up Rust covered spikes and hopes to see a few Twilight Fans fall on them 
Quick reminder guys , internet is going bye bye in the next day or so , message me if you want contact info . 
Destroyed the Kitchen and Made Eggrolls ... 
Just figured out how to use my phone to log in on here 
Wishes that there was a way to only see updates from my favorite ppl when checking in by phone 
Looks like its gonna be a really long day . 
Thinks it would be fantabulous if the univesal remote had a button to mute the children 
Watching aliens in the attic with the kids 
Watchin Fast and Furious . Not sure whats hotter , Vin or his car 
For all of you who havent realized it yet , the werewolf from Twilight is Sharkboy . Do you feel like perverts yet ? 
Lmao ! Guess whats on the Disney channel 
Figured out that I can see Mystics from my phone . I cant respond to anything though 
Maybe its good that i cant respond . Since the only thing I want to ask is if that member rides the short bus 
Anytime someone leaves the site ... I get blamed . I cant even spond 
We finally have our own . com ! Check it out ! paganmystics.com 
Just got to the clinic . Might be here for awhile . 
Omg ! The monsters are gassy and they want to stand in the hall to let em rip ! So the air spreads the foulness through the house . 
If I can get fb right now , then why cant I get to my email ? 
I hate my landlady today 
Watchin Sea Hunt 
Its starting to get hot . Uggh ... Cant wait for morning to be over 
Guess I missed the asshat invasion earlier 
Watching the invention of lying 
Haha ! The Man in the Sky is an Evil Bastard 
Too hot out there . Want to crawl into the freezer 
Cable box is being retarded ... yelling at it doesnt seem to be working 
Stop the ride . Im ready to get off 
So bored right now . 
Dear ___ , I hate your stinkin guts 
You make me vomit 
You are the scum between my toes 
Wants to know what everyones fav cartoons are 
Think before you link . Dont share the BS FB give aways on my wall 
< PROPFIRST > Nelson = James Bond of the sea 
The Bitch is back , and she's NOT happy 
So ... Who Missed me ? 
Ning Networks are offline now , hope that takes care of the confusion 
In the middle of playing one of the mind jolt games , finished off the level , and what happens .... an add pops up .... play a bit longer , three levels later , another add pops up ... Mind Jolt games , I'm disappointed in you . 
Wondering if it's time to wander off 
A cross upon her bedroom wall . \ 
From grace she will fall . \ 
An image burning in her mind . \ 
And between her thighs . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > @ Comcast . ou are a Fucktard and have no business working in customer service 
Has this ever happened to you ? Someone you were friends with for years and lost touch with finds you on the computer , You realize that they are Fucktarded to the 10th power , and you wonder , was I ever that stupid ? 
Has anyone heard of or used scribd ? I keep getting messages about it to the Mystics gmail and I'm curious 
Don't take Ambien while sitting at the computer , it leads to typing nonsence 
Extremely bored . Also , not liking the applications and time wasters that I normally enjoy to keep me occupied . Anyone have any suggestions ? 
Don't be a bitch and throw rocks at the coconuts 
still open to suggestions and recommendations about the games and applications on here . Bored 
Fell asleep for 2 and a half hours , awake now . Sleep not working so good anymore ... Will have to try again later . 
I don't think I like the way the \like\ " system works on FB . If I decide to like something 
Fucktard , Reject , Ass clown ! 
I find it highly entertaining when I have to keep hitting the refresh button because a comment/status message is getting massive comment action . 
Sparked quite a bit of controversy on the Pagan Mystics < PROPFEMALE > with the question , Who in their right mind would join a group called ' Sexual Offenders ' . \ 
\ 
Anyone here interested in sharing their thoughts ? 
gonna wander off and get a nap 
What have you ever denied ? \ 
Because you're just the one that had it all\ 
While I'm just the dice in your hands\ 
And no , it's not easy 
kicks tumblr in the nuts 
Sometimes , I'm the SMART one 
blah ... yahoo IM was spamming 
Hmmm ... Feels like crap , but that might be because I'm tired . The weather here has gone nuts 
Witches Source ( Twitter ) is tweeting about the 21 Lessons of < PROPMALE > ... Have people not realized yet that book is craptacular ? 
Making cholesterol for dinner 
Wondering what kind of random stuff I can do with the blog 
Think it's time to wander off to sleep 
Why pretend that you're someone else when you're on FB , just because family members may or may not see content or opinions that they might not agree with ? 
It amazes me that I don't even have to leave the front yard to piss the world off . 
There is no reason to respond to your stupidity , you keep it going all by yourself and it amuses me . 
If anyone has a cure for the plague , please let me know . ( Allergies/Congestion/Chest and Head ) 
So tired of the 5,000 Groups dedicated to making sure that FB users know that Witches , Pagans , and Druids are not evil ... I mean seriously , if you're evil does that mean that you can't join one of those clubs ? 
Covered Self in Vapor Rub , Taken Two different types of Allergy Meds , and have had 100 cough drops .... Hopefully this will make some progress in killing the mucus and stopping the cough ... 
Oldest Child is teasing the rats ... 
My 10yr old thinks he's old enough to have a girlfriend ... 
Is anyone else getting error messages when they try to go to applications and games ? 
I'm not a fan of the new set up when it comes to requests for applications and games ... why should I have to see it on both the right and left of the screen ? 
You're such a drama < PROPFEMALE > 
I like it on the floor , underneath the chair . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Leave me a comment then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( and if you make a comment , you have to put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Something bit me ... wish I knew what it was so I could get it back . 
Working out the ideas in my head for the PP Blog 
Today , I liked it on the couch , on the hood of the car , and on the ground outside . 
Has a case of the sneezies 
Fill in the blank =\ 
When I bite into a dork peppermint < PROPFEMALE > , I get the sensation of___________________ 
Spent the last 3 hours doing dinosaur research with the 12 year old ... Now she's refusing to go write the actual paper .... Can I kill her ? 
Realizes that if a mob of angry srapbooking junkies attacks , she brought it on herself with the last blog on the Practical Pagan . 
So what if you're Christian and So What if I'm not . Changing your status message to ' Test ' people on your friends list is Fucktarded . \ 
Why can't people be secure in their beliefs without belittling everyone else's . \ 
Lastly , Playing Who's the Better Christian on Facebook is pretty damned pointless . 
I'm tired of the school district and their dress code to make children conform 
Is hiding from kidnappers 
The rats smell like waffles 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed onthe Death < PROPFEMALE > when it was destroyed by the Rebel Alliance . My wish is that people will understand that the Rebels are a band of murdering scum . The Empire wants to bring unity to the galaxy but the Rebels ...... continue to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Peanut Butter and Jelly Sammich = Rat Crack 
Ok , I don't feel good , so , it's comfort food for dinner . Chilli Cheese Fries 
EVERYONE STOP ! Look to your right ! Whatever object is there is your designated weapon in the upcoming zombie apocalypse ! Comment on this post and tell me what it is ! Then repost this as your status and see the crazy things people get !! 
Watching one of the cheesiest horror flicks in the history of horror flicks 
When people post status messages asking ' When will I have a day without Drama ? ' I want to respond by saying , when you stop letting the ' Drama ' affect you . 
Quit being an attention whore 
Neato , found a mutated mousie 
Been watching a free preview of Japan TV .... Realized , they're not putting up subtitles , so I have to pretend I know what's going on .... Pretty damned entertaining . 
Boy people amuse me 
* S * * A * * F * * E * * T * * Y*\ 
SAFETY DANCE ! 
Watching Pulp Fiction 
Fucking crack whores 
How important is baking soda to cookies ? 
Ok , so , I found a something awesome to watch on tv . \Dead Set\ " on IFC . " 
Awesome new post on Magical Symbolism over on Mystics , you should all check it out . 
Watching Reservoir Dogs 
Watching Boondock Saints 
Getting ready to do laundry 
The Lunatic is in the Grass 
is bed time ....... wandering off now 
Get your game face on because it's time to play-Bring the Violence , Disturbed 
Not a fan of how the news feed and status feed looks now . I don't need everything to be bolded . 
Dear Facebook , the home < PROPFEMALE > set up is Lame , put it back the way it was 
I wanna break everything\ 
I wanna make it sting\ 
We're gonna wake up hate\ 
We're gonna wake it up 
BLT time ! Oh wonderous bacon tastic sammich 
Made Kung Pow chicken for dinner 
Looking for a Mathmagician BFF for F.U. 
Children with MP3 players = Instant Headache . 
Emcumbered forever by desires and ambitions 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons or don't believein dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire ... extinguishers , whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
Such a glutton for punishment , have a head throbby that is sensitive to light right now ... so , what do I do ? Sit in the dark with sunglasses on so I can play on facebook 
lmao ... I'm going to bed ... 
wondering which stage of life I'm in ... 
Off to bed ... I'll terrorize you all tomorrow 
Sometimes I feel alone in a million crowd\ 
An outsider wandering alone without 
Just because the messenger says I'm here , doesn't really mean anything . I leave it on and wander away ... ALL THE TIME 
It might be nap time , kinda sleepy but not sure if I'll be successful 
Decided to try making Banana Bread 
Ya know when an image just jumps out at you , and then you spend the next few hours looking stuff up , or trying to find more information ? Yeah ... I'm doing that right now 
I think I'm possibly going to start flinging things ... 
Where are all the Recons at ? 
Damn I made a good pork loin for dinner . I rock 
Woke up to the sound of pouring rain \ 
The wind would whisper and I'd think of you\ 
And all the tears you cried , that called my name\ 
And when you needed me I came through 
Come on , come on , come on , come on\ 
Now touch me baby 
Baking question , Is there a substitute for nutmeg , or ... can it be omitted without screwing up the out come too much ? 
We < PROPMALE > misprinted lies\ 
We face the path of time \ 
And yet I fight And yet I fight \ 
This battle all alone \ 
No one to cry to \ 
No place to call home 
Normal ? Really ? 
Tried another shortbread recipe , this one turned out great 
Got bored , so I decided to start cooking the Turkey 
Happy Turkey Devouring Day 
Only have to worry about making the mashed tatos , gravy , and cranberry sauce tomorrow ... everything else is taken care of . 
uh-oh ... disabled the other profile before doing something ... Guess I have to try again ... 
Turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey 
Think perhaps it's nap time ... 
Let the massacre begin ! 
Hmmm .... I've realized that the Vegetabletarians might be feeling left out in the middle of the turkey massacre .... Sooo , Happy Sweet Potato Massacre to all of you . 
Dear Facebook , Please stop putting Twilight Advertisements in the right hand column ... Twilight is moronic , vampires do not < PROPFEMALE > and werewolves should have more hair than that little boy . 
Apparently , the key to getting the kids to go to bed without an argument , is to stuff them full of food .... ALL DAY LONG . 
Wandering off , think it's nap time 
Some people on FB have multiple personalities . 
The short people aren't happy with me because I won't let them watch \Fred\ " the movie again " 
\Ckass is no place for swearing or vibrating\ " - Victorious " 
Abi was looking at the < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret Catalog ... When I gave it to the neighbor she asked me why I gave it away , I said because you don't have boobies yet and mine are too big for anything in the catalog , she said , well , Mine can grow and you can get boob surgery 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Bowie singing with Bing Crosby , interesting combination 
Confuzzled . Why , and or How are these connections being made ? What's It Mean ? Why am I seeing them ? 
lmao at people who change their faiths/religious preference as often as they change their underwear 
Just got given a slightly used dresser and entertainment center ... Now rearranging things and trying to figure out where everything is going to fit . 
Angel has discovered the Joys of Inspector Gadget . 
Took in a homeless furry butt of the feline variety . He has an issue with clawing , anyone have any ideas on how to break him of the habit ? 
If you want to borrow the phone , get off your lazy ass and come use it instead of sending your kid over to whine . Thanx 
No , you're not allowed to grow up , stop that ! 
off to play with hair bleach 
Post Bleaching , Really surprised , it doesn't look all that bad ... Now I'm playing with the pink stuff 
Everybody knows that I want to rule the world . 
The Boy Child has discovered House of Pain ... He's Jumping Around now . 
lmao , the boy is singing along to songs on the MP3 Player , he's only getting 5% of the words right . 
I HAD To repost this . \ 
Copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone or have heardof someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone or even ifyou've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copythis . It's important to spread the message . \ 
... And the hearts ! ?????? For fuck's sake , don't forget the fucking hearts ! ?????? 
Has a ginormous blister on my toe . New shoes are Eeeeeevil 
Overly bored right now 
Rearranging furniture and stuffs 
Kids are watching the ninja warrior marathon . Its nap time . 
Running a cookie factory right now . My keeblerian demons are demolishing more product than is actually making it into our Christmas gift tins . I think this would be better off left til they go to bed . 
Just finished making some crispy treats . waiting to make the shortbreads til after the kids go to sleep . 
lmao , My sister saw ' She who shall not be named ' commenting on a mutual friends status , so she messaged \She who shall not be named\ " and asked if she was the girl that her sister had < PROPMALE > out with in Highschool . \ 
the kids found the ' Usher ' cd .... Now they're listening to ' Yeah ' over and over .... 
You could do it with a shuffle\ 
You could do it with a stroll\ 
You could do it with a stride\ 
You could do the unknown\ 
ON A WALKABOUT 
Lets chug on over to namby pamby land , you jackwagon ! 
The guy outside scraping paint is bugging me . Too early for that much noise 
What ginourmous crack pipe have you people been sucking on ? -House 
Cleaning the House and Rocking out to LC 
December 13 : emberrorist\ 
\ 
a radical who employs the potential to embarass others as a political weapon . Contrary to terrorist who uses fear . 
Guess I have new neighbors . Just don't know why they waited til after 9pm to start moving stuff in ... 
lmao , me and the boy just had battle of the sticky hands ... lots of fun 
Kinda tired of not being able to fall asleep at night 
Long day ahead and all I want to do is take a nap . 
Trying to decide if I should whack myself with a frying pan , or just take a sleeping pill . 
Cooking The Boy's Birthday Turkey ... apple crisp is in the oven ... 
Turkey turned out great , just wish I could pay someone to clean the kitchen now . 
Please STOP RAINING so I can send the demons outside tomorrow ! 
Time to find the frying pan . Catch everyone later . 
Wandering through the class catalog that will be available for the Spring Semester at the college ... There are a few interesting possibilities . 
The Clouds need to go away so that I'll be able to see the eclipse .... They can take the rain with them 
December 20 : Shatner commas\ 
Oddly placed commas that don't seem to serve any actual purpose in punctuation , but make it look like you should take odd pauses , as < PROPFIRST > Shatner does when delivering lines . \ 
This is what Shatner commas look like :\ 
When , we get to , the restaurant , we should , order some , tasty , beverages . 
Running back n forth to see the eclipse . Too cold to stay outside for the duration 
Watching TV with the Demon Spawn . They have some skewed views on certain commercials 
The Boy Child asks , Mom , can we get one and will you tie me to it ? #cross of devotion 
The Boy woke me up by turning on Disturbed and handing me bacon . Wonderful way to wake up . 
Was uploading a video of the demon spawn dancing ... The little one say , she doesn't want anyone to see it ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > with the kids , passing on the dark and twisty to the young 
Omg ! Found a show called Bacon Paradise ! 
The Druids Mom makes the BEST Peanut Butter Fudge ! Experiencing Fudge Overload 
Car alarms going off every 10 < PROPFEMALE > . Looks like its going to be a noisy night . 
Is there a term for people who find animated characters attractive ? 
Sitting at the doc office , might be here all day since Im a walk in . 
There are some crazy fuckers in the office today . 
You are LAME 
Made a peach crisp , turned out really well , but I still hate peaches . 
Making orange chicken for dinner .... I so rock the kitchen 
What a day ... I'm enjoying a Whiskey Sour now ... Mmmm , Good . 
What is the difference between broth and stock ? 
Going to attempt to make home made tamales sometime this week . Anyone have any tips/tricks ? 
Veiled insults in status comments make me giggle . 
Sautee'd < PROPFEMALE > is my new favorite smell ! 
Watching The Stand with the kids 
Made tamales for the first time . Kida a pain in the ass , but not as complicated as I thought it would be . 
spawn like watching House of a Nudist ( Anubis ) on Nickelodeon 
Bacon makes everything better , BLT for dinner , Yay ! comfort food . 
Made lasagna for dinner . Kids loved it ! 
Just watched Inglorious Basterds , Loved it 
B A C O N 
Watching ' Killshot ' . 
cable went out right before I was ready to go to sleep . end result , my brain became wide awake . 
Brainstorming with the youngest demon spawn . She has a project due on Friday . 
Keep seeing people on my friends list adding those lil ' pic badges ' / taggies to their profile pics ... Wondering if there is a badge for ' asshole ' ... I'd tag myself with that 
Being a pain in the Druids ass . Had to go pick a theme that I liked for the test site . 
Not sure what the problem is today . Is it that I'm intolerant to stupidity ? or is it that I'm so territorial that I automatically don't like new people ? 
@BandedNagini What happened to make you want to start cutting out non essential components of your craft ? 
lol ! RT @CloverQuotes : God created war so that Americans would learn geography . ~ < PROPFIRST > Twain 
It's time for some mindless entertainment . Going to go spend time with the dvr . 
Milk and I are not exactly getting along right now , and I'm not sure I can live with soy milk .. Anyone have any suggestions ? 
Wake the fuck up and smell the < PROPFEMALE > nut crunch ! - < PROPFIRST > Leary 
Is going to experiment with tofu tonight . Should be interesting . 
Just finished watching 2012 with the demon spawn , they are as disturbed as I am . They kept cheering , Yay , the world is Doomed ! 
Tri-Tip , tatoes , and texas toast ... Yummi-fied dinner , have redeemed myself for cooking tofu yesterday . 
OMG ... I can't believe I didn't think about it til now . I should have asked that random FB vampire if he was sparkly ! 
Pork chops for dinner tonight . Smells Yummerful . 
Took a batch of chocolate chip cookies out of the oven just now . Faith Follin This is another non meat related food post . 
I can't wait for the demon spawn to go to bed . 
Got to run to the college , cross your fingers n toes n wish me luck that I can get it put together out there . 
Had bacon on the brain all day thanks to someone tweeting this morning , had to make it for dinner . 
Price checking the bookstore for the books that I'll need to pick up ... I think I'm gonna have a < PROPMALE > coronary episode . 
Anyone have a conjuring spell to bring forth the text book < PROPFEMALE > ? 
We BBQ'd tonight as the fog rolled in 
Chasing down demon spawn to give them some cough medicine ... End up feeling a sharp pain in my foot .... Look down , there are a pair of scissors hanging from my foot ... 
Pork Loin with Plum Sauce and Rice = omg this is tasty ! 
Is done having an opinion about matters that happen in the news . People get way too emotionally involved and can't seem to separate themselves from these current events . 
Think it's time for some mindless entertainment ... 
I am now pissed the hell off ... My child broke my Favorite coffee cup ... The one that Kyz sent me ... 
Now I try again to find\ 
The thing that was my mind\ 
Behold the undersigned\ 
Who said I've lost my mind 
Is scheming .... 
Looking for a flat bread recipe that doesn't need yeast . 
Laughing at techno impaired asshats 
Decided to try some Almond Milk ... not sure how I'm liking it 
I am a little more provocative then you might need , \ 
It's your shock and then your horror on which I feed\ 
So can you tell me what exactly does freedom mean , \ 
If I'm not free to be as twisted as I wanna be 
Working on Mystics , keeping busy , will have site news soonish 
Spruz is so getting on my nerves . 
At the college , soaking up the Wifi and playing with the new toy . 
Oh , if I'd only known that there was a possibility I could get stuck at the school for an extended period of time , I would have prepared better 
Is back home 
Decided to download Picasa to the computer , I think I'll be able to move the majority of the pics to an online album and free up some computer space . 
Anyone want to come mop the floor for me ? 
Going to let the demon spawn play some games for a lil bit . I shall return 
The McDonalds commerical about their coffee scares me . If people actually did that , I'd run screaming from the building . 
Am I the only one thinking in the back of my mind that \no good can come of this \"?" 
Wow ... the boy child just imposed his own punishment ... I find this very interesting . 
Just set up the site to allow people to log in with their Facebook information 
Grocery shopping done .... YAY 
The monkey just got back home , it's still pretty quiet . Hopefully it stays that way . 
Just finished helping Shiona format her paper up for english class , have I mentioned that I think the school has made word harder to use than it should be ? 
Sitting in the library , soaking up some WiFi , and laughing at the lil children 
ok ... that instructor is an asshat ! 
Ohhh , good deal , WiFi is also accessible from the snack bar , this means I can drink soda and play on my toy , mucho better than sitting in the library 
The girl sitting caddy corner from me claims to be tired of drama , yet she's sitting in the library , multi-chatting with people , trying to jam ' em up and catch ' em in a lie ... \ 
Seriously , if you're that tired of drama , why even bother with such things ? 
Playing with Yoono , looks pretty neat so far 
Home again 
I'm beyond ready for a nap 
Oh , reading threads on the Google Chromebook forum and laughing , some of these posts are hilarious . 
Wow ... If you take a Ginseng when you wake up , and then .... drink and Amp around 2pm ... You bounce off of walls 
OMG ! Too Funny ! \ 
Lets play a game , can you tell me who on my friends list I am quoting ? 
waiting for manager to come do yearly inspection , I hate hurry up and wait situations . 
Tomorrow Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow < PROPFIRST > Zuckerburg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account ? Home Invasion Settings ? Cannibalism ? Brains and un-check the \Tasty\ " box . Please copy and repost " 
So , guess what I found at the store today ..... Amp Energy Gum ... This should be interesting . 
Doing a Self Install of a new Cable box and the new digital voice cable modem ... Successfully installed Modem , having issues with the cable box . 
The boy child just punched himself in the junk , for no reason at all . 
Got an email telling me I inherited 12 Million American Dollars ... Hope they can find my address , and bring me a really big check even if I did send the email to the spam folder ... 
I think the Music Choice , Retro Rock is my favorite music channel right now . Have spent an hour with it on , and been singing along the whole time . 
Uugghhh ... I'm so tired of waiting . UPS needs to hurry up and bring me that damned router ! 
The monkey is singing along with Miley/Montana 
There are a few videos up on my < PROPFEMALE > featuring the Spawn Circus 
Dear NASCAR , please stop changing people's < PROPFIRST > so I know who the hell is in the car . Thnx 
They woke me up too early today , seriously feel extra laggy today . Might have to take a nap . 
11 to Go 
Damned Tires 
Nooooooooooooooo 
Ok .... I'm not mad at the Rookie . 
Sister just brought the oldest demon spawn home . Cooking dinner right now , kitchen got too hot to stand in . 
I read somewhere that Revlon is making scented nail polish . I'm considering getting some , that way , when I kick someone in the face , they'll have a < PROPMALE > to smell it . 
Dinner is Done , Demon spawn are being fed ! Mostly happy Spawn , the girls are arguing , as usual , the Boy child is trying to eat everyone's chicken . 
The boy child is walking around shouting about how awesome he is . 
Have some laundry down at the laundry room now , I plan on really relaxing once that's done . I think I've re-cleaned the kitchen 5 times today . 
There was a < PROPFEMALE > had some spawn and she was really Bored . B O R E D , B O R E D , B O R E D , and she was really Bored 
To Blog or Not to Blog ... That is the question 
Looking for some feedback . I'm blogging on . tumblr . now , but I have a previous blog over on Wordpress ... should I move the older posts from wordpress over to tumblr . and kill the older blog ? 
There is a guy .... he's sitting right over there .... giggling to himself for no reason .... 
This is for the ' pagan ' flavored people on my friends list . \ 
Stop bitching and complaining about the Christians and their god . Seriously , if that's the best use of your time , then you're wasting it . \ 
And if you don't like my status message , Kiss My Ass ! 
I need a surgeon to cut off my foot because its not mine 
My primary email account got broken into by gremlins last night . 
With the exception of a pan that is soaking , the dishes are done ! Yeah .... I know ... LAME status 
I decided there were too many random names on my friends list , so , if I can't remember who someone is , or the last time I talked to them , I'm doing spring cleaning . 
RT Voldemort7 : Some see the glass as half full . I see the glass a projectile that can be hurled at someone's face when they're annoying . 
RT @Lord_Voldemort7 : Your weird is my normal . Deal with it . 
Who missed me ? 
I'm sneezy today ... Not cool 
Still trying to figure out what on the computer is making noise ... phantom beeping and chimes are not comforting ... Makes you feel like the computer is planning to self destruct . 
Soaking up some WiFi while ' Shi ' is in class 
' I don't need my jacket , I'm not going to catch a cold ' demon spawn love to tempt fate . 
wth ? Are all of the shows going to be spin-offs now ? 
Feeling slightly crap-tastic , think I spent too much time in the rain today . 
Moving furniture and stuff ... Not exactly fun 
The 12 yr old spawn wants to know if I'm going to ' Speed Dial ' the Mule like its something dirty . 
May have hurt myself moving those couches . May not be able to move once I relax . 
Love Fleetwood < PROPMALE > , but , why has no one had an intervention on < PROPFIRST>'s wardrobe yet ? 
Fluffy Pink Unicorns .... 
Has anyone used the Western Union Prepaid MasterCard cards ? 
Soccer ... Lets play soccer 
Wish I could run an electrical current through the kitchen window ... 
Extra tired today , that walk to the store kicked my butt 
OMG ! Facebook , I hate you ! Stop eating posts from my wall ! 
Goes back to being entertained 
What happened to my entertainment ? 
Is feeling rather sickly , will try checking back later . 
I forgot < PROPFIRST > was in this movie . 
Anyone who may have missed me yesterday , went to ER , got pain meds and antibiotics , slept for remainder of the day . 
Oh , the hilarity ensues .... 
I do believe that it's time for me to go back to bed before my silly ass gets into trouble . 
The oldest spawn wants to be the demon from the animal video for halloween this year 
Still feeling icky and I'm bored . People should stop waking me up . 
Watching ' Heart : Night as Sky Church ' right now . 
Hiccups .... 
Found a < PROPFEMALE > , Orange , Passionfruit flavored green tea . Smells amazing , great if you're a fan of green tea . 
Watching ' The Who , BBC Electric Proms ' performance from 2006 
My eye is starting to twitch . Not a good sign . 
Cricket , I hate you right now for limiting my options on a new phone . 
Just realized ' The Warlock ' is a member of Mystics , wonder if it's < PROPFIRST > ? 
Hi Ho Hi Ho , it's off to bed I go 
Inappropriate Humor ... RT @Hal9000_ : Has anyone thought to question Godzilla ? Is he is suspect in Japan ? 
Waiting to see if I end up with the evil chicken virus . Cut my finger while I was playing with raw poultry . 
Enjoy the Silence ? Not really . 
No more frozen burritos for me . They cause demonic possession of the stomach . 
You and I wake up in a house surrounded by man eating zombies . Using only four words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... four words is harder than you think ......! 
FIVE DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN : ( 1)FINE-this is the word women use to end an arguement when they know they are right and that you need to shut up . ( 2 ) NOTHING-this means SOMETHING and you should be wary . ( 3 ) GO AHEAD- This is a dare , not permission , DO NOT DO IT . ( 4 ) WHATEVER-is a womans way of saying F**K YOU . ( 5)THATS OK-she is now thinking long and hard on HOW and WHEN you will pay for your mistake ! 
Ohhh .... Tainted Love 
Anyone know how to summon a laundry < PROPFEMALE > ? I'm in desperate need of one . 
Turned off the phone while it was charging , did I miss anything ? 
My oldest demon spawn can pronounce words in Japanese almost perfectly , but she has no idea what she's saying . 
Where are all the entertaining people ? 
ok ... time for mindless entertainment . 
Running into it , I would be running to my grave . \ 
It's National Book Week . The rules are : Grab the closest book to you . Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . 
Feeling rather twisty today , wondering what happens to dead penguins . Feel free to share your theory . 
Ok , I'm off to bed , everyone have a good night . 
Waiting to hear back from Ning support , new members are experiencing technical difficulties . . 
Waiting for the rain to start . 
Going to wander off and look at eye < PROPFEMALE > . 
Looking for something new to read , pls feel free to recommend blogs , etc so that I can entertain myself . 
I just pissed off an ewok 
The work of a site admin is never done . 
Wandering off to watch ' Eat Pray Love ' 
anyone have an idiot proof recipe for spanish rice ? 
This question goes with the other one , anyone know how to make refried beans that didn't come in a can ? 
Still have not figured out the right water/rice ratio for making spanish rice . 
Hmmm , someone sent me a message on Witchvox , about a group here on FB as well as from the general area that I live in . Wonder if it's worth looking into . 
I was on the toilet the other day , squeezing out the usual chocolate monkey and eating a meat pie and .... what ? You think there is something wrong with eating on the toilet ? Did that gross you out ? Huh .... then why do people suggest breast feeding mothers feed their babies in the toilet ? If you're a fan of parents rights , I DARE you to put this up a your status .... I'm proudly a HUGE advocate for breast feeding 
I wish it was warmer outside , so I could wander through the grass barefoot , and ground a little . 
Oh look . It's raining again . 
The boy child is reading to the rats . 
I was a < PROPFEMALE > last night in a dream , I bent down over a clear running stream 
It's way too quiet tonight . Maybe the pod people are coming . 
Blah , sinus headache that is sensitive to light . took an allergy pill and some tylenol , now sitting here in my sunglasses in the dark , waiting for the medicine to work . 
Wish there was something to do on weekends besides cleaning 
Having an accidental Slushy , and listening to < PROPFIRST > Walsh sing ' Life's been good to me so far\ I agree " 
I just found the BEST Ringtone ever ! 
The Mt Dew is still slushified 
Trying to think of a meal that I can use blackbeans in , any suggestions ? 
Fuck you and your fruit basket . \ 
I'm sorry , but this is socially retarded , if you want to promote awareness , do what my friend did , do some research , post some links about actual breast cancer , how to do a self exam properly , etc . \ 
Posting Status ' Updates with random fruits is fuck tarded and annoying . 
The boy child is so bored , he's outside playing musical chairs with nothing but girls . 
If I came with a warning label , what would it say ? ( copy and paste to your status to play the game ) looking forward to seeing the answers I get to this one ! :o ) 
too hot in the house right now , sitting outside waiting for it to cool down 
Stirs pot with really big Ladle . 
Need a recipe for BBQ sauce , any suggestions ? 
Hmmm . I think my update status bt txt option for fb is broken . 
Beats head against desk 
Was informed that the ' inquisition ' was still happening .... 
Waiting for my show to finish taping so I can watch it . Yeah , I'm weird like that , but this way , I can skip commercials . 
Getting ready to walk to the store . Fun times 
Since when do we heart Amish Friendship Bread ? I've never even heard of it up to today . 
lmfao ! Just realized what happened , Oh well . 
Cooking chicken , waiting for My sister to get here . 
Happy birthday dad , and happy birthday dinner to my sister ! 
Yes , I am burnt toast . 
corn nuts 
Watching ' Splendor in the Grass ' 
Waiting for the kids to finish watching the < PROPFEMALE > wars show so that they can go to bed . 
