HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

My account keeps logging out on me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I think my dad's gonna go to court over the house 
Aerosmith is AWESOME 
Tejano music sounds so good to my ears in the morning 
So excited for glee season premiere tomorrow 
Finally my account is letting me on 
NEW GLEE EPISODE IS STARTING !!!!!!!!! 
is listening to an ozzy osbourne cd 
The Political Idealogy Quiz -- My Result : Very Liberal . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/14397/referrals/status?aid=100001505744004 
I shouldn't be up it's to early 
The dems MUST win the senate !!!!!! 
Happy holidays everyone 
And I'll see you my friend over and over again .. \ 
Who can we get on this case ? \ 
We need < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
Someone to put you in place\ 
Calling < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , again , again , again , again 
MY THROAT BURNS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so much unrest in mideast hope the new democracies will work 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you please post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
love the 1911 button on youtube 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father at the gates of Heaven . This is simple ... if you Love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this . Just copy and paste ... No shame here 
0 days 12 hours 30 minutes 0 seconds 
Best . Concert . Ever 
is going to be very sore tomorrow 
is dreading tomorrow 
is predicting he will get 1,000,000 birthday punches tomorrow 
