We got back from our trip Monday , and as promised , I have set up a facebook account . My family in Miami made me feel like I was out of touch for not having one . Tomorrow I'll upload pictures from the trip to Miami and a profile pic , since my cousin < PROPFEMALE > doesn’t approve of the cartoon . ;) 

The purple martins are here ! I've opened the window so I can hear them chattering outside . I was worried they wouldn't return this year since one of the houses was damaged and had to be taken down . I love these birds . :) 
I am amazed by my utter brilliance . I was mowing the backyard with our electric mower and somehow managed to mow over the electric cable . Not only did it automatically destroy the cable , but it also did something to the electric outlet . The outlet no longer works ! 
Ugg ! I’ve spent the last two and a half hours trying to get a Texas rebate . The site went live at 7 a.m. and crashed 30 seconds later . The phones aren’t working either . I’m trying to let it roll off my back , but this is time consuming and frustrating . 
My parent's and grandparent's poor health has motivated me to be more active . I can’t just sit back and wait for the diabetes to hit ; I have to take preventative measures . I went for a leisurely 3.5 mile walk with < PROPFIRST > Saturday , and today I did a brisk 2 mile walk after my morning class . I’m hoping to do this several times a week . I’m counting on friends and family to help me stay motivated . :D 
I didn't get to go walking today , but I did put in 20 minutes on the elipitical machine . I kept my heart rate between 165-175 the entire time , so it was a good work out . 
I felt like a hobbit yesterday . The boys would take one single step , and I would take two to try and match their stride . I would then fall about three to four feet behind them and have to jog to catch up . So , for the entire walk I was taking quick little steps and then jogging . I hope that after a few more walks I will be able to keep up the whole way . It’s great to be short ! :P 
We hiked about five < PROPMALE > around the Green Belt today . It’s so beautiful and tranquil out there . 
Ugg ! Two students decided to lift their entire speech off the internet . Do they think I'm so stupid I won't notice ? God , you're in college ; grow up and do your own work . 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday messages ! I'm sorry it took me a whole week to respond , but it was a busy week . :D 
I can't wait for Grey's Anatomy ! Just a few more weeks ..... 
A little nonsense now and then , is relished by the wisest men . -- Roald Dahl 
Uggg ! I was surfing the internet during my lunch break and came across a Grey's Anatomy spolier . I know which couple is getting married next Thursday . I'm not happy .... 
Early voting starts today . Go vote ! And to all my democratic friends out there : Don’t\ 
get complacent . It’s going to be tough\ 
to maintain control of the house and senate if democrats don’t vote , so get off\ 
your tush and get to the polls ! 
