Is it terrible that I only manage to peek into my acct . when the requests pile up ? 

< PROPFEMALE > is taking advantage of the fact that Fadi's at work so she can finally get to the computer ! 
Actively rethinking the decision to give up caffeine ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is surendering the computer to her husband . 
Why do my kids always puke on the three days a year that I have plans to leave the house without them !?! 
Enjoying everyone's photos so much , I might have to add some of my own . 
Freezing , squishy soccer anyone ? 
Once again , avoiding my work by hanging out in FB . 
If i'm already tired now , how will I ever make it through tomorrow ? 
So much for shatterproof ornaments . They should make boy-proof ones . 
One day of shopping , and already two days of returns . Anyone else see a problem here ? 
Thank goodness for school . Can I tell you how long this vaction has been !?! 
Tucked in < PROPFIRST > , the two-year old , tonight . He hugged me and told me that I smelled \delicious . \ " Then he licked my cheek and told me ( mid-cackle ) that I taste delicious too . " 
Decided that the new year needed a new pic . Here's < PROPMALE > , who likes to complain that there are no pictures of the two of us together . Of course , this is also the child who ( again this morning ) requested photographic evidence that I was \skinny\ " before I was a mom . " 
Maybe this new year needs a new job . Anyone know of an opening , I'm thinking full-time with benefits , for an eater of bon bons and/or reader of romance novels ? Because this day gig just isn't doing it for me . 
Wondering how many of my ZTA friends are coming to Mama's tomorrow for dinner ? You know you want to ... All alum are welcome for dinner at 5:30 . Let me know if you'd like more info . Hope to see some faces I'm only seeing in the proflie pics lately . 
The alarm clock never went off this morning , so we woke up an hour late . Rushed out the door and to school , only to learn that we were an hour early -- since they had a two hour delay ! 
Wondering how to explain to my little fort-builders that the dining room chairs need to find their way back by dinner time ... 
If they're going to throw up , why does it have to be in the car ? 
I seriously think I gave myself a concussion at lunch . I was laughing so hard that I bumped my head on a ledge . There are worse ways to go ... 
Added a friend for four boys in the house today , with a Lego obstacle course completed in record time . At least the only battles are playing out through the game controllers ... 
How is it that we all went sledding , we all dug the car back out of the park lot , we all pushed shovels on the driveway , and I'm the only one who wants a nap ? 
I can't do one more snow day with these rowdy monkeys . Seriously . Not one more . 
Either this computer hates me , or it really loves the pictures from Champagne Brunch this weekend because it's sure not letting me get them off the memory card ! 
may be surprising my neighbor when I launch this computer right out the window . 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awesome ? Sons ? in the ? world !!!!!!!!!!! 
will be needing toothpicks for the eyelids again today ... 
So superstitious that I will not mention any abbreviations , state names , or game times . Can I just say that I'm anxiously awaiting an evening of cable t.v. ? 
Have survived day three of official Easter break while scrubbing yogurt off the walls . Wondering who's bright idea it was to load the stuff in shootable tubes ... 
I vaguely remember a time when I used to sleep at night ... 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! They were greatly appreciated . I coudn't thank you sooner , because the bottom of the laptop cracked and dropped my battery . I feel like a negligent parent that needs supervised visits with my computer . This machine hates me ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! They were greatly appreciated . I couldn't thank you sooner , because the bottom of the laptop cracked and dropped my battery . I feel like a negligent parent that needs supervised visits with my computer . This machine hates me ! 
Cracked the bottom of the laptop , so it shut down every time I touched it . Several weeks later , but I can access the internet again . It may be a while before I respond to all of the messages I've been missing . 
< PROPFIRST > , the 3 yr-old , walks up to me and asks , \Are you my master ? \ " \ 
While writing his name on his first-ever homework paper today , the kindergartner giggles to his older brother , \My \ " S\ " has a big behind . \ " The third-grader replies 
My momma told me that if I don't have anything nice to say I shouldn't say anything . Thankfully , she doesn't have a facebook account . \ 
Nothing is budging this foul mood today -- and I can't even blame it on the kids since they're all at school ! I may have to resort to retail therapy ... 
Anyone else find it humorous that my Arab husband will be making cannoli at the Italian festival tonight ? No worries , though . My parents and aunt and uncle will keep him in line . 
Sick kids . After a VERY long and snot-filled weekend , one is beginning to feel better while the next has developed a fever . My days and nights are all backwards . \ 
Now , if I could just catch up will all of my other work ... 
It is so much better to play soccer in the freezing rain than it is to watch . Even when they play a stellar game , wet jeans are a bad thing . And here we thought we might be past all the viruses we seem to be collecting ... 
Time for a new profile shot . This one's for < PROPFIRST > , who turned 9 ( going on 19 ) yesterday . 
usually so happy to make it from the car to the house , that any flat surface will do 
My adult sister tattled on our father today . He sent her a facebook message from his account , which neither of us knew existed . I'm sure I have some unflattering photos to post on his wall -- after he accepts my friend request . 
Can't wait for Sunday ! I'll be at < PROPFIRST > Brown stadium with more than 65 other ZTA volunteers ( and two of my own guys ) to distribute pink ribbons . THINK PINK ! THINK ZETA ! 
Should I be concerned that < PROPFIRST > is traveling through the house with a toy catalog ? I'm sure I'll find it next to his pillow tonight , just like the Scholastic book order form last month . 
That thumping you hear would be the sound of my head as I bang it against the wall . 
My multi-tasking seems to be broken ... 
Ok , had a nerve-wracking end to < PROPFIRST>'s first round out tournaments today . Gotta love the sudden death shoot-out ! Can't wait for tomorrow's round . If I survive < PROPMALE>'s birthday party at McDonald's this afternoon ... Who agreed to this craziness ? 
My very busy weekend got a little more exciting when the 2nd floor toilet decided to play waterfall with the three-year old . Too bad I was in the basement cleaning up the exploding washing machine , or I might have caught it sooner . 24hrs later and I'm still feeling the aftershocks . Oh , and Fadi left for Michigan at 4:20 A.M. Am I having fun yet ? 
Finding evidence of Halloween carnage around every corner ... Kit Kat wrappers , Reese's wrappers , sucker sticks . Would love to know which of the boys is hiding the evidence . 
Nasty strain of November Crankiness going around . My 9-yr old has an ugly case , but I'm seeing symptoms everywhere . Fighting it with frequent hand-washing and chocolate consumption . Last night , I had to break out the big guns and have a drink . 
This one's for my awesome husband ! 
A\ 
teacher is somewhere in the world tonight preparing lessons to teach \ 
your children while you are watching tv . In the minute it takes you to \ 
read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time \ 
for your children's literacy , prosperity , and future . It's American \ 
Education Week . Re-post if you are a teacher , love our teachers , or \ 
appreciate our teachers ! If you can read this thank a teacher ! 
Have deleted my status every time I try to fill it in . Fried and frustrated . Can't wait for today to be yesterday . 
asking everyone to say a prayer for the US \Darkhorse\ " 3rd \ 
The only good thing about < PROPFIRST > and I both having a sinus infection is that we get to have an afternoon nap and cuddle . 
I have an awesome aunt ! < PROPFEMALE > ( and < PROPMALE > ) trekked all the way from Tipp with a pot full of homemade chicken noodle soup , a fresh loaf of bread , and mini muffins with chocolate chips :) all because i mentioned being sick during a text last night . And it is YUMMY ! 
Finally got our Christmas card done . Just decided that it was more important to have fun with my kids while I could . Like a last-minute anything from us would be unusual anyway ... 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Dewald ( Editor , in the UD Magazine I just pulled out of my mailbox ) for reminding me that \There is an Italian saying that when the game is over the kings and pawns go back in the same box . \"" 
< PROPMALE > was asking how to spell his teacher's name this afternoon . When I asked why , he told me that he's writing her a letter . You see , kindergarten really isn't that interesting and he'd like to go back to reading with the first graders . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , family member's names . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom right of the < PROPFEMALE > & click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
So excited when our home phone rang at 9 this morning after being cut off from my phone , TV , and the net since the afternoon before . Unfortunately , it was the neighbor calling to let me know that the power lines are now hanging about two feet farther from the back of the house . As long as a big breeze doesn't come along , that two inches of her tree branch should hold us , right ? 
Have decided that chips and dip for lunch is perfectly reasonable , as long as it's followed by fresh berries . Now to hide in the kitchen so the kids don't see me ... 
Alright ladies . That bottle of wine isn't helping my writing or organizational skills at all , but it was a lot of fun :) 
