TATTED UP !! 

puffing trees to get me high as trapeze flipping Japanese at ease when I'm stacking G's!!!!! 
is procrastinating as usual 
< PROPMALE > jeter = SAVAGE 
gotta get rid of it all 
texeira cano break through just in time for the world series .. now all we need is swisher to a . stop bein a little bitch or b . retire n we set !! we take it at home sat night its meant to be !!!!! 
bitches in the back lookin right-eous , in the tight dress , i think i might just hit her wit a little biggie 101 , how to tote a gun , and have fun with jamaican rum , conversations , blunts in rotation 
you know the come up , stack get right , put the gun up , laugh get nice , split the blunt up , pray blue and whites don't run up , remain humble , you see the change when the range come through 
yankees lost=can't sleep . just seen geno chillin w a ghost = REALLY can't sleep .. 
i speak for all yankee fans when i say i love to see < PROPMALE > still getting it done 
human crack in the flesh , im the last of the best , one word to describe me , spectacular , YES 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN .............. goin back to my roots ... gettin sauced n blunted ridin bikes around town w the crew .... holla if u wanna get up or get down 
niggas fear what they don't understand , hate what they can't conquer , guess it's just the fury of man , became a monster , on top of the world , never fallin , i'm as real as they come , from day one , forever ballin 
yankee parade friday whoevers down get at me 
bitches are hurt holla if u hear me ! 
im outstanding like standing outside up in the twister and walking not damaged standing outside up in the blizzard and walking hot handed 
fuck the game don't let the game fuck you 
one in a million , i'm strong young and appealin ' , was born son of a villain , put on in front of my building 
has broncitis fuuucck 
one for the haters , two for the true and the raiders , i know dudes who eat your food with a razor , its < PROPMALE > , barbaric , brutal behavior , called addict , i talk about the jewelry later .. 
is gettin panera n coldstone wat could be better ? 
lost ones 
i used to have the tre duce n the deuce deuce in my bubblegoose now i got the < PROPMALE > in my knapsack loungin black smokin sacks up in acts and sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks 
is sick of being sick and wants to go out !! fuuck 
u gotta be kiddin !! 
CHEESCAKE FACTORY SAY WHAAAT 
pacha tn anybody ? 
is fasting all day so he can stuff himself 
is gettin so busy on this feast 
wants to know why the fuck its been 2 weeks and hes still sick and cant breathe . he also wonders did he possibly catch THE pnemonia ???????? does anyone out there have an inhaler to spare me a few puffs im dyin over here !!!!! 
is most definitely gettin it poppin !! 
they said they found me on the bathroom floor ... damn 
somebody up there's fuckin with me hardd body 
Free for a new years kiss this year holla back 
A new year and yet another decade is leaving us . Its only right that this bottle of < PROPFEMALE > 2000 must go along with it . 2011 is going to be a good year !!!! 
< PROPMALE > family fun night 
Yo the fog is crazy tn I feel like a zombie is about to jump out on me on some resident evil shit 
Oh you gas-sy huh ? 
ok .. now ima go off on em ... at first i was goin soft on em , but now its time to go HAARD , bustin bangin boguard ! take a shit in yo yard ! take a piss on yo broad ! make a list of yo boys n go n murder them all !.. life is short yea a midget told me that and i always thought i was fly like i had a pigeon on my back 
laughing my ass off 
I LOVE SNEAKERS . put your thumbs up ( like button ) if you love sneakers too 
anyone down for snowboarding tomorrow ? 
i was like yeah , shorty don't care , she a snake too ! 
balls 2 wall tn ! 
got < PROPFEMALE > sauced last night . i dont even wanna be up right now .. goin 2 get somethin greasy to eat 
i love to hit it backwards , call it pig latin 
wants to do so many things all in one night .... and cant decide what to do 
im addicted to this life its gon ' be hard to quit 
anyone wanna buy a 8gig itouch brand new in box ? 
im becoming an avatar .... as soon as we come across pandora im out ... catch me on my flying dragon 
whats good for tonight ?? 8gig itouch brand new unopened in box for sale who want it ? 
hold the person that you love closely if theyre next to you .. the one you love , not the person that simply has sex with you .. appreciate them to the fullest extent and then beyond , cause you never really know what you got until its gone 
all around the world girls all around the world this goes out to girls all around the world 
disciplined intellectual beauty's what i < PROPFEMALE > 
aint shit safe ! 
got a condo in colorado march 4-9 ... everythings paid for u just gotta pay for ur plane ticket and lift tickets .. who wit ' it ? 
needs to go out for a drink or 12 . who wit it ? 
had a shit-in-the-gutter-morning so in return im gettin shit done n then im out . goin to the bk n maybe manhattan to make the best of things cuzz thats all i can do . n i got money to blowww . who wit it ? 
bk who wit it ?? 
where brooklyn at where brooklyn at ? 
lose some then i lose again when im gon ' win some ? 
how ever many people you bless is how you measure success 
life is a , uh , depending how you dress her . so if the devil wear prada , < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > wear < PROPFEMALE > , im in between but wayy more freshher 
fuck these parts-back to the bk stuntin in the cls 
anyone for beer & wings @ halftime ??? blow me upp 
it aint trickin if u got trick trickin if u got it everybody know it aint trickin if u got itt 
ne1 down for panera 
getting things done w my grown man on fuck the daffodils n dandelions feel me !! 
tearin up the outlets or the mall or both idk throwin money call me if u wanna take a ride 
enough of all u \i-feel-sorry-for-myself-i-dont-have-a- < PROPFIRST >\"- knuckleheads !!.. be ur own < PROPFIRST > !! takin my day to the mall throwin money and if im not satisfied im goin to the outlets . this is the way it should be .. i might even buy myself a flower n a box of chocolates who knows .. i got me for life !! " 
most of the time ppl go out w nothin in mind worth celebrating , just out for a good time . the rest just wanna get drunk to 4get all the negativity their lives attract ( but im not talking to ne of you ) . each night b4 you go out come up w a new reason to celebrate and see that it dont bring positivity to your life ..... tn im goin out to celebrate how i became such a god damn success . hit me up if u know how to celebrate 
omg and a celebration it was 
movies ? bowling ? < PROPMALE > n busters ? or bar tn ?????? 
wow ..... im a god damn chef 
shutter island fuck yeh ! been waiting since 09 wtf 
just got fresh courtesy of boogie . shower mall someone hit me up with plans for tonight its a celebration 
takin my irresponsible no good down right dirty drunken < PROPMALE > over sister to work cuz she dnt know where her car is at makin me late for the mall n shit fuck 
ne1 out there gettin < PROPMALE > wild tonight ?? if so let me know where to be n ill get there 
doin what the fuck i want hate me all the fuck you want real niggas fuck with me and i dont give a fuck who dont ! 
i made it like that , i bought it like that , im livin like that 
yo ladies love what i been through blood on my < PROPMALE > boots snub noses club closes down where my mens shoot but she cant stand im sharin everything with the fam that means them too 
there might be bugs on the rest of you mugs but there aint no bugs on me ! 
my bad people i got hit w a virus fuck 
yea im feelin good and spiritual healin hoods with the shit up out my kitchen im pitchin it its really good smokin drinkin im like a fish and ill probably shit on ya bitch probably piss on her lips and shell probably give you a kiss , nasty ! 
you know the come up stack get right put the gun up laugh get nice split the blunt up pray blue and whites dont run up remain humble you see the change when the range come through 
posted up with the geek squad . hahaha 
makin breakfast then comin back to bed and eatin it . aka breakfast in bed 
i gotta get on a better sleep schedule lol 
baby if you give it to me ill give it to you i know what you want you know i got it baby if you give it to me ill give it to you as long as you want you know i got it 
takin a long ass shower .. goin to dublin down shuttin shit down makes sense right ? gettin smacked and definitely not driving my car home ... hope i make it back tonight 
omg tjs gonna order the whole menu n save half for later 
needs to see some sun wtf ?? bunch of errands/chores n gettin soup or somethin rockin my rain jacket 
if this snow gets in the way of me getting to atlantic city tomorrow im gonna flip a fuckin shit on mother nature n then find someone with a private helo to fly me there asap !! 
ATLANTIC CITY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no snow stoppin the 4 wheel drive might get there late but the task is to get there n thats exactly what im gonna do .... IM SUCKER FREE THIS YEAR !! 
yo now i was downtown clubbin ladies night seen shorty she was crazy right n i approach baby like whats your age n type ? she looked at me like you's a baby right i told her im 19 n live a craazyy life plus ill tell u what the 80s like n i know what ladies like need a man thats polite listens n takes advice i could be all three plus i can lay the pipe 
your inception fuck perception go with what makes sense 
last time i had kfc was 2 years ago and it was exactly how i remembered it 
vanessa : that kids from guam probably only speaks spanish or some shit stewie griffin : let me tell you something NESSA a bullet sounds the same in every language so stick a fuckin sock in it you cow ! 
smokin some reefer maybe goin to dublin idk hit the < PROPFIRST > 
wtf why cant i go out one night n not get drunk like i tell myself ??????? 
just got 50% off entire purchase at the ski shop due to my charm but she told me it was really just bc im so god damn attractive idk i didnt argue either way im hitting the slopes of COLORADO tomorrow n im fuckin fired up like < PROPFIRST > moli at dublin last night !!!! 
i need a ride to the airport tomorrow at 12 sharp any takers ? fully prepared with collateral i have money or really good sex depending on your gender 
PEACE OUT NY C U NEXT TUESDAY ! 
im unhappy to be back home and my next trip on the 22nd is too far away therefore im gonna go visit my dudes in between now and then n i cant waiit 
you never know a good thing till it's gone 
weed smokers love me like they love buddha 
omg u shoulda seen me tn 
i take i dont ask for nothin u fake i look past ya frontin for cash ima glutten ima bad influence 
im thirsty , im hungry 
wake up n smell the coffee ... 
who doesnt love bird shit ?? chirp chirp gobble gobble wobble hahaha 
when i say nice i mean lookin right and u cant put a price on somethin lookin right if they ask how much tell em what its lookin like everything i buy fly its like im bookin flights if i want it ima get it that should not be taken light ... 
yo i gotta get on a better schedule for this weather 
eatin breakfast n ballin out hit me if u game .. 
bout to go smoke a blunt n go < PROPMALE > diving holla 
can anybody take me to the airport in the am ? 
IM OUT !!!!!! flight to florida peace !! disconnecting myself from the world for a little bit holla at me in april ......... 
back on the block 
OMG IM SMOKING SO MUCH REEFER !! 
its colder in my apartment than it is outside this is great news like lets get the day started 
bout 2 eat a cupcake n be stuck for the night holla 
i respect a woman but this bitch is crazy 
10 oclock in the morning sun is blaring r u kiddin me ??? makin cd n beachingggggg 
get real 
Got 2 tickets for yankees opening day tomorrow ... who wants to come with me ?? 
I could really use a nice massage right about now ... 
fuck it goin to albany n cortland n comin back when the fuck i feel like .. 
Albany was sick killed it in cortland on way to brooklyn hold me down 
Its 420 already time goes too fast who wants to burn and toast to that ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody gonna go cut some trees down bang my < PROPFIRST > 
yankees all day 
HAPPY EARTHDAY LETS ALL GO DRIVE OUR CARS AND LITTER OUT THE WINDOW AND SMOKE AND MIX RECYCLABLES WITH NON RECYCLABLES AND MAYBE LATER CELEBRATE WITH BEERS , BBQ , AND A BONFIRE , AND LATER PISS ON THE STREET , AND ALL THE OTHER DAILY ACTIVITIES WE PARTICIPATE IN WHAT A GREAT HOLIDAY THAT NO1 EVEN KNOWS IS TODAY YAY FOR < PROPFEMALE > 
i had some crazy dreams last night and a crazy ass nightmare , and then woke up with the song faithfully by journey in my head for whatever reason .... point being i need a dutch who's down ?? 
I shouldn't have drove ... tell me how I'm getting home 
dont really gotta tell you that im smokin good you smell it through the walls 
anyone down for a dutch during this wonderful thunder storm were blessed with tonight ???? 
if ne1 has a time portal that can bring me BACK to last night id REALLY APPRECIATE IT thank you and godspeed 
word of the day .... SMUT .... i highly encourage everyone to use it in their daily vocabulary ... 
does anyone know how to create your own fan < PROPFEMALE > ???? i have endless ideas that consist of sheer brilliance ... 
when theres a WILL theres a WAY ............. loving this storm 
lambourghini dreams beach house wishes pour bottles of champagne for my beach house bitches it aint new to me 
talk to me i talk back 
DID YOU KNOW ?... the amount of technical information is doubling every 2 years .. for students starting a 4 year technical degree this means that HALF OF WHAT THEY LEARN WILL BE OUTDATED BY THEIR THIRD YEAR OF STUDY 
DID YOU KNOW ?... If you're one in a million in china .. there are 1,300 people just like you . < PROPFEMALE > will soon become the NUMBER ONE ENGLISH SPEAKING country in the world . 
money's blinding jewels are hypnotizing 
feelin mahself feelin feelin mah self 
my spider senses is tinglin .. 
wtf is anybody doing tonight give me a good plan 
Stunt hard on these bitches I ain't promised tomorrow 
the game need change n im the mmothhaa fuckin cashier 
aint no time outs death is the only time we gon sign out so we gon grind out 
Bring it on if u think u can < PROPFEMALE > ; n if not , then let me do my t < PROPFEMALE > 
She cool she a < PROPFIRST > she ain't trippin off the weed smoke 
Everyone is home summer is here I love it I fuckin love it 
Who's ever goin to the beach call to meet up 
i just wanna freak ur body oddy oddy .. i kno u dnt do this for every body oddy but everybody aint as horny as me .. and ur bodies .. callin .. meee 
I'm in luv w a hooter .. 
goin to the grocery store to get some food and pick up women .. 
owww !!! ho's turn their heads like ...... owwwwwww !!!! im the man of the .... ow . 
Does anybody have kan jam that I can borrow for the day ??? Please 
who knows where my bike went ? 
ATTENTION : To all you females who grew up/live on long island , you are NOT , i repeat , you are NOT a DIVA !!! 
is anybody interested in riding upstate w me saturday to see < PROPMALE > matthews , stay the night , and pick up my dog on the way home sunday ????? 
< PROPMALE > matthews tonight upstate comin back home with a new dog tomorrow 
Had a great weekend ... on my way back home with my new puppy holla back 
has the cutest hottest sexiest puppy in the mothafuckin world !!!!! 
Everybody come see my pup wup !! 
who has a puppy that is looking to schedule a play date ? 
cheveyo's up 5 pounds in a week HOLLA ... taking shots like a champ no hesitations not a peep ... i am a very proud father 
cheveyo just killed it ... shout out to all the fine young grads up on that cruise ship of a party bus 
I'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets burn it all burn it all I'm startin it fresh cuz half the time I got it right I probably guessed 
Anybody else up early tryin to get the day started ?? 
Sippin on < PROPFEMALE > tn hollaaaa 
Starting my week off right in port washington 
What's everyone doing tn ? Who knows of Fireworks ? 
All dressed up and nowhere to go 
Back to liife back to reality .. 
congrats to the newest owner of a droid-you DID one up me and you DO deserve it , i admit you caught me leaving my phone out one time and all it takes is one mistake ... but just one thing maybe next time you could just ask me for the money if your situation is that hurt this way i could still keep all my priceless photos n videos and personal information thanks .... broke fucken bums out there i tell ya 
is anyone doing anything this morning or want to make something happen ?? 
wish i had a girl in times like these 
< PROPFEMALE > mme see < PROPFEMALE > mme see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mme see ya tongue ring < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mme see < PROPFEMALE > mme see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mme see ya tongue ring < PROPFEMALE > mme see ya tongue ring < PROPFEMALE > mme see ya tongue ring 
been feeling pretty sick lately ... maybe a virus or something ? i need to throw it all up and get it out my system .... i think im gonna turn on jersey shore .. that should do the trick ... 
she actin like she not but u know she fuckin wit it she said i seen it all i said no you fuckin didnt 
cheveyo's farts smell most similar to diarrhea 
i cant take cheveyos farts anymore im leaving 
looking for a compatible room mate short term .. u cook u clean i bring home the $$$ ... inquire resume within =) 
nice night to jump in the pool n burn it down holla if u hear me 
i deserve a queen .. but ill probably end up with some filthy peasant 
even though women change i will always like dimes 
is officially CPR certified after today ... choke artists holla i got the fix u need ahh ! 
family party = mimosa's before 12 = gettin drunk today .. call me 
chaazze n quakers 
without a response from me you really fail to exist and i love to see you fail that feeling there is the shit i swear ahh !!! 
this fkn fly wont leave me alone someone throw me a swatter 
caught in the life i cant let it go whether its right i wont ever know but here goes nothing .. 
< PROPMALE > polo fish out of water 
de < PROPFEMALE > vu , the universe , life , human intelligence ( or lack there of ) , time and matter , spirits and souls , paranormal activity , etc . etc ..... if anyone has anything interesting to say inquire within .. 
need maid service STAT 
movado movado oh where have you gone ? oh where oh where can you beee ??? 
IF YOURE SEXY AND YOU KNOW IT CLAP YOUR HANDS !! CLAP CLAP ! 
SPACE BOUND ! 
One of the most beautiful skies I've seen in my life tonight 
i had a really good status in mind but i forgot 
more than the usual 
I hate living in a conformed society . If humans are so intelligent tell me why were all living the everyday struggle .... when i m wealthy I'm buyin out a private island n flyin my jet there n takin whpever feels this way along w me .. you're welcome 
@ GIANT GAME ! 
shallow shallow waters 
The ignorance in this country is unbearable 
It turns to winter overnight 
You never know the right way until you've been wrong 
beats by dre 
cheveyo is rancid . but he turned 6 months today so i cant get mad . 
Fuck school buses makin me late every day 
Anyone want tickets for the playoff game sat night ? 
Loves girls that work at the mall 
Easy come easy go 
You are the weakest link ..... goodbye ! 
We're speaking from experience - is there any other way ? 
goin into cleaning mode for one time in my life imagine that ... runnin the full strip down on the apt gonna feel good once its done and then im gonna take a picture before i never see it like this again 
take those fuckin heels off its worth it girl 
The sound of silence caused a ringing in my ears 
kid tested mother approved 
dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power 
shes a haggler no im not taggin her 
\robinson cano this season : no < PROPFEMALE > s here at yankee stadium\ " .... if cano has one < PROPFEMALE > tonight ill see to it that the announcers body is found missing " 
Can anyone take me to ronkonkoma train station at 330 ?? 
Da mudderfruckin playoffs !!!! 
Got amped up for nothing tn fuucckk =(( .. I'm shot I need a massage its times like these I need a booboo 
blame it on the alcohol 
so uhh im just gonna throw this one out there what ever happened to girls bein more mature and growin up faster than guys ??? cuz ur all lookin like a sloppy game of duck duck goose n no it is not a good look 
if you come lookin for a hard time .. hard times arent hard to find .. 
whos gettin down for the yankee game tn ???? 
yo who's dude ???? 
killed it las night 
Don't sweat 
open up your heart what do u feel 
Lady in the streets pornstar in bed 
your head will collapse but theres nothing in it so you ask yourself ... where is my mind ? 
im down for a one night stand ill accept it any way that i can cause i aint your man !! 
Pardon my swag 
suck fluts 
i was like YEAH , but is she FB material ?!?!?!?!?!??? 
u dont want a grenade to blow up on ya 
yo i need a mean fuckin breakfast 
Anyone trying to hit up a haunted house tonight ? 
id throw my life against the hood of a car bend it over backwards in the freezing cold and fuck that bitch straight up yo whatt 
My anaconda don't want none unless u got buns hun 
I'm doin me and ur girl doin the saame shit 
Poker at my place tn in need of a cocktail waitress who looks good in lingerie n can serve a stiff drink .. I got a big tip for ya inquire resume within : 
Ne1 wanna go to the diner ? 
Yo I wanna play crash bandicoot 
Who's watchin the fight tn ? 
if ne1 out there has ne sort of balls n wants to play poker hit my < PROPFIRST > 
i had it right the first time 
two nickels make a dime every time 
frames cant catch ya when youre movin like that 
Wise man say only fools fall in 
this weekend starting tomorrow is going to be so out of control 
Giving thanks 
played hooky 
one week later im still giving thanks 
im all about my like button n my poke 
ill poke the shit out u 
Insomnia times a million n one 
consequences keep weighin me down so whenever she thinks im serious im playin around it gets deeper and colder the funny thing is im writin this in my head and she asleep on my shoulder like ... dont u have a man ? why are u trying to be my girl ? 
Chocolate chip banana pancakes 
Bustin out the hat n gloves tn 
dont feel like wakin up tomorrow .... so im prolly not gonna 
whos that girl ?! la la < PROPFEMALE > , la la < PROPFEMALE > 
wanna play sick ? we can all get illlll 
chef boyardee 
finished school and start my internship tomorrow very excited change is great keep it moving people 
n if you pillow talkin with the women that are screwin u just know that she gon tell another nigga when she through with u 
salty n pepperish 
How are these dudes out on crotch rockets right now .. I'm sittin in the car freezin nuts w the heat on wtf 
on my extra super grind 
the allure of breakin the law is always too much for me to ever ignore i got a thing for them big body benz's it dulls my senses 
Christmas cheers and homemade sangria 
ne1 up for the city tn ? 
yo i wanna watch like < PROPFIRST > brown n christmas movies 
TO ALL MY FELLOW M . A . ' S ....... GUESS WHO GETS IN ON TIME AT 9 EVERY MORNING ???????? 
Loading Swag ... \ 
???????????????? 100% Complete 
NY is all about the last minute shopping 
Loves natural pretty women especially on christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Got iced for xmas 
Fuckin loves the cold and snow 
4 wheel drive is tight . Gridin holla back 
\The best journeys answer questions that in the beginning you didn't even think to ask \"" 
What a clusterfuck of events 
Back to life , back to reality 
which activities make you lose track of time ? 
\Fear of the unknown is the greatest fear there is \"" 
I feel like 2010 never even came yet and now its gone 
she looks good in whatEVER she WEARs ......... Shes not wearing UGGZ !!!! 
e-brakin every parking lot in medford holla 
where can we go ice skating ?? 
is it a good idea to bet my bank account on the eagles over packs ? 
Were gettin dumped on this week so siked 
FINISHED INTERN TODAY CELEBRATION BEGINS !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > SAYS TOUCH YOUR TOES GET LOW GET LOW 
10-20 inches by tomorrow yeesssssssssssssssssss 
girl id trade it all money and cars and everything all even give up my street dream all anything to have you on my team all baby girl id trade it .. Nahhhh 
do you do ? 
If there's anybody in the world that's hungry right now call me 
Biggest snowflakes I've ever seen in my life 
sledding at 4am whos wit it wit it ? 
home at 6 up at 10 i still get excited like a little boy who wet his pants for snow 
lets go to bald hill and build a huge jump 
Built a 30 foot igloo call my phone to chill and check this out 
bout to poop my pants 
Are there any good movies playing ? 
this womens lingerie football league is bad news for my dvr ... all i do is hit the rewind .. and slow motion for me movin slow motion for meeeee 
250 on green bay wish me luck 
The more money we come across the more problems we see 
RAIN ?! wtf ?????? 
nipples are weird when you really look up close 
this maze im in amazes me at times 
partee een < PROPFIRST > ghettoo een da < PROPFIRST > ghettoo 
passin out pt . II 
looking for a one night stand inquire with a like button or holla ! 
No1s up to chill n I'm awake as a bat kind of tight 
tryin not to over think .. only cuz i drove and i done had a lot to drink 
good women are rare too none of them have came close 
ROAD TRIPPIN ' USA ... peace out fb , ny hold me down !! if ur warm heart desires to contact me call/text see ya when i see ya wouldnt wanna be ya 
Cheveyo = #1 wing man 
Starting to forget what the cold feels like 
i'm it 
if you dont like my fire then dont come around cuz im gonna burn one down 
i drove by the fork in the road and went straight 
Califor n.I.A. 
U think u like me now wait until the light hit me 
look for me young b cruisin down the west side 
brb k g2g bbl lyl 
x chunky peanut butter banana n jelly on multigrain w a < PROPFEMALE > n peach tea 
