is trying to think of something to do today . 

This week is going to be hard and fun ! 
Im back . But i miss where I was . 
while we're young lets breathe in each moment as we walk the roads to all we'll become let us Dream big and Love even bigger while we're young . 
Im feeling pretty discouraged right now . Im not really sure what to do so ... yeah :/ 
Had a pretty good day ! wet out to eat and is now sleepy 
swim party !!! 
i think the face on the < PROPFEMALE > looks sad lol 
boys ....... DUMB !!!! lol ( efy inside joke ) 
Going shopping tomorrow !!!!!!! yay ! 
Shoping shoping and more shoping !!!!!! and maybe a dance tonight if i feel like going . :] 
yum yum yum enchilladas ! 
has to go to work and has to finish a big project before my boss gets back on wednesday ... oh joy ! wish me luck ! txt me so i dont lose my mind in the chaos ... lol 
I wanna road trip anyone wanna help convince my parents to go to a family reunion next month ??? I wanna get out of here !!! 
hey people !!!! tell me what your first impression of me was on my note ! really do it !!!! i want to know . be as honest as you want or you can make something up i dont care i just want to know what you thought . 
made a cake in record time for activity lol 
i am so tired !!!!!!! ... finished big project fo rthe most part . boss is back tomorrow ... oh joy ... txt me so i dont have to deal with extreamly annoying co-workers . 
went to the gym had the machine that sqeaks ... again . i had my ipod in so i pretended not to notice and it was so hard not to laugh when i saw the faces people were making at me .. hahahahahahaha !!!!!! 
there is just something about floating on the top of the water looking at the sky that brings an amazing amount of peace to my mind ... until someone grabs my foot and pulls me under ... LOL jk(about being pulled under the floating is so true though ) 
we were SOOO close !!!!! just a little more use of our cooresive efforts and there just may be a trip in my future !!!! 
is eating cake ... yes before dinner !!!! countless mother accross the country would be nodding their heads in shame if they heard this . LOL its good tho :] 
had tons of fun tonight ! jinxing batters to get hit in the knee ... conga lines turned stampede with little kids tripping ... the music and friends ... great night ! great way to start a weekend !! 
Lets see ... tomorrow = 1st day of school , thursday =D AVID COOK concert , saturday = weekend ! next thursday = b-day :] next friday = bull riding , that saturday = BEACH TRIP !!!!! thats about it :] 
first day down ... allot more to go ... lol 
Note to EFY friends : you know those little flag things of colleges(their like triangle shaped ) well there are a bunch of those up in a office at my school i noticed today that there is totally a redlands university one ! lol im gonna tak a pic of it one of these days ... lol :] 
My dad and i ... \Pig ! \ " \ " Hog ! \ " \ " Swine ! \ " \ " Flu !!! \ " hahahahahaha !!! " 
< PROPFIRST > cook concert = AWESOME !!!! nuf said . 
i hate coughing !!!!!!!! 
so this morning i woke up to i giant orange fox walking around my house(he made breakfast too ) lol thanks < PROPMALE > . 
today is my sick day ... no going anywhere just sit and be sick . 
so i just went through my whole friends list to make sure i know all of them and this is what i found ... i have personally met or at LEAST talked to all 232 of them fourteen are family ... 105 are those i have gone to school with ... two are former missionaries in my ward(not at the same time ) about 20 are from efy ... and there are allot i still havent put into categories but i thought this was interesting . 
was born seventeen years ago at 10:37 tomorrow !!! lol 
oh dude i totally called it !!! i said the first fight of the year would be the second week of school ... there was a fight this morning lol . If i bet i would have won some money today lol . okay boys ... fighting ... DUMB !!!!! 
to the beach !!!!!!! 
is burnt . :( sun = not a fan of my skin . 
got really tired on the ride home took a nap and now has to do homework ... just what i wanted to wake up to ... :/ 
done with homework !... for the moment now off to bed i go ! 
ick big english assignment ! dang procrastinating ! 
is sore !!! 
to arizona !! 
is home tired and wanting this year to go by REALLY fast !! 
hey is anyone going to go to the priest-laurel activity on friday ??? cause if everyone is going to the game instead im not going to go sit with five other girls and one guy and do whatever we are doing ... 
people who dont know what they are talking about but say stuff anyways make me mad 
i had a good dream :) 
not much to do today . 
schedule for today ... get all dolled up(lol ) , go shopping , take pics , play guitar hero(maybe finish medium level ) , and either go to the dance(if i know anyone going ) or just chill and watch movies . wanna join ? 
hahaha i feel dumb the dance is next weekend not this weekend lol ! 
YAY !!!!! i beat guitar hero on medium ! that makes me really happy :] now to attempt hard then go to the movies . :) 
well idk what im going to do but i need to decide soon i kinda need the free time so that i dont get all stressed but i like this ... UGH !!! anyways meet tomorrow hopefully i have improved from last week i guess we will find out soon enough . 
hey i apparentlly need reminders to not consume dairy products ... ugh . anyways ... didnt run today though ( because of the dairy ) read Dr. Seuss stories on the way there and back lol ! now its time to do homework . my english class is making me really mad though ! ugggh ! 
Hey left my phone in my car which is not where i am able to easily acess so if you text or try to call me im sry . It will prolly die by tomorrow night anyways but if you need to talk to me send me a message or call my house phone(hahaha you will have to send me a message anyways to get the number cause like no one has that number lol ) . 
I want to do something fun this week . I have a meet on thursday . and parade on saturday hopefully the routine will come together well enougth to look great by saturday . 
I am way excited for < PROPMALE > tomorrow !!!! I am going to paint p < PROPMALE > of a Pearls Before swine comic strip . 
I painted awesomeness idk when i will finish it btu it will be cool !! ran 3.1 miles(I still dont understand why the . 1 is necessary but i ran it i think i did better but idk my time yet so we will see ... 
I really want to just scream and hit something !!!!!!!!!!!! i guess thats what pillows are for ... 
is taking a MUCH needed mental health day . no TV for me . 
Im in a parade today . ill put up pics later . 
Homecoming Week !!!! i have no idea what tomorrow is though . i am way excited for Powder-Puff !!!!!!! 
gender bender day is always ... well ... interesting ... to say the least . somebody tell me how powderduff went !! 
I am SOOOOO happy my dress finally arrived . Preforming in the PepRally tomorrow . Then selling floats at the Game . 
pep rally went okay . ( got a bunch of complements so i guess it wasnt too bad col . Gandy made me smile :)) now a pretty chill weekend except i have to write a paper . txt me . 
yay ! i got muffins and cinnabon coffe cake(no cofee) !!! now time to enjoy confrence !! :)) 
didnt do as well as i would have liked in my meet today but at least my leg doesnt hurt as bad as it has before . ( looking on the brightside here ) :] 
i forgot my shoes(running shoes ) so i didnt run today at practice lol 
is excited for tonight to come so she can take her car home get it fixed and give it a bath ... its REALLY dirty . i guess thats what i get for having a white car in the desert . 
for once i dont have THAT much to do this weekend !!! YAY !!! 
has been ' working ' on my car . it's been more like taking allot of the panneling off so we can get to one < PROPFEMALE > light that is out but its been fun ! then i need to wash it get a bunch of stuff out of there , run , and get my hair trimmed . 
is feeling pretty miserable both emotionally and physically . 
I love facebook in pirate !!! lol 
about to get ready for senior pics ... hopefully the wind doesnt mess everything up . :] 
sucessfully completed senior pics ! :] 
If anyone wants a graduation announcement or just a senior picture let me know so i dont leave you out ! I order the announcements this week so once i run out thats it no more . lol just letting you know ! 
is about to go watch byu BALLROOM DANCERS !!!!!!!! ( this is me excited ) 
randomly got a bloody nose .... gross !! 
will embark on a new artistic venture today ... now just what that will be exactly i have no idea ... lol :] 
just got a new PR at the meet today !!!! and is really tired(painting is going good btw ) 
this weekend : write a paper , paint and do whatever else i have time for . :) 
SO much to do ! < PROPFEMALE > many papers to write !!! < PROPFEMALE > O little time !!!! 
english paper .... DONE !!! 
had a awesome dream about pirates that was kinda a combination of < PROPFIRST > pan and pirates of the carribian . =] 
I am now soley a high school student ... no college classes for me !!! NEVER take online classes !!!!! NEVER ! 
interviews ... check !!! now i just have to finish the essays ... yeah lol . P.s. i finished my painting its not too bad . will post pics soon . now i am off to clean my room some and go to bed . night ! 
copy this into your status and see how people rate you . 1 : crazy 2:i'd marry you 3 : talkitive 4 : SARCASTIC 6 : clubhead 7 : moody 8 : dumb 9 : spoiled 10 : mouthy 11 : random 12 : hot 13 : funny 14 : fit 15 : amazing 16 : tough 17 : cute 18 : bf/gf type 19 : player 20 : the best 21 : freak 22 : quiet 23 : sexy 24 : adorable 25 : annoying 26 : rude 27 : boring 28 : down to earth 
SLEEPOVER !!!!! nuf said 
BEFY ... Way fun !!!!! thanks guys ! 
nap then write short essay then prepare lesson . 
friday the thirteenth is just not a good day for me ... i feel like ive spent the day on a rolercoaster being held in only by my foot . im going to bed hopefully tomorrow will be better 
you think by crying to me looking so sorry that i'm gonna believe ? Youve been infected by a social disease . Well then take your medicine ! 
successfully gave blood :) no adjusting of the needle or anything . :] 
is going shopping tomorrow !!!! with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Loller !!!!!! + its a half day+ plus no scholl all next week !!!!! = AWESOME !!!!!!! 
is blissfully happy !!! sandiego+family this week(maybe iceskating too ) , school next week , and trip to Arizona to see more family !!!! the next weekend(first weekend in December !!!! ) 
There is no Arizona No painted desert , no Sedona If there was a Grand Canyon She could fill it up with the lies he's told her But they don't exist , those dreams he sold her She'll wake up and find There is no Arizona 
in San < PROPMALE > . Today's adventure the zoo ... yippey ! oher than that idk . 
Happy turkey day yall !!!! i can now enjoy the day cause the killer headache i had earlier is now gone ! 
is off to the beach then home ! hopefully i will find some sand dollars !!! * crossing my fingers * 
this is one of those ' i was sopposed to be working on a paper but i ended up doing anything but that ' days . lol oh well it will ge done eventually . i have accepted that when it comes to papers i will never get them done early 
AHHHHH !!!!!!! :[ 
which one for my senior quote ? : It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers , but for powers equal to our tasks , to go forward with a great < PROPFEMALE > forever beating at the door of our hearts as we travel toward our distant goal . - < PROPFEMALE > Keller Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort -FDR 
ive decided its fun to steal toms phone play the games and change his facebook status to non mocho stuff ;] 
i am totally loving my christmas pjs !!! guys pj-pants are WAY comfy !!! 
the long day of traveling begins ! 
track is pretty killer ... nuf said . 
you know your in california when ... there is a earthquake you talk about it for a minute of two and then life goes on like business as usual with the exception of cell phones being busy 
A little boy totally made my day ! He was protecting me from monsters . So cute !!! 
six flags was way fun ! now i am sore though ! off to the aquarium and the beach today !!!! 
No more worries !!!! 
put grad announcments in the mail today so if you are expecting one it should be there soon there are only like two i havent sent . 
I am exhausted !!!! 
pretty much this week will be : if i am not in class i am painting and if i am not paintitng i am in class . i'm kinda in a hurry to finish two HUGE projects ( mural and a huge castle ) . we will see how this goes . 
creating her itunes library on laptop ... very time consuming 
Well tomorrow is pretty much good bye cali for me . im not sure how much or if i will be able to get on fb but i for sure wont be using my phone all summer . bummer . i really wish i could have been able to spend time with everyone before i left but i leave in the morning . i for sure will be able to check my email so if you send me messages i will be able to read them . keep in touch ! ill try but i cant promise anything . 
i pretty much love fish lake so far ! this summer will be way fun . 
i kinda want to go home just to visit . im in a road trippy mood i guess . lol 
only a couple more weeks left THANK HEVENS !!! yeah laugh at my spelling skills . i cannot wait to go home i like it here but im done . im jelous of those who have already left ... no fair . 
its wasnt until i was doing my makeup this morning that i realized today is my birthday ! i feel kinda slow for not realizing it earlier but i have more exciting things happening today . 
Thanks everyone today was great !!! 
made it ! 
YUMM banana bread ! 
dear stomach of mine : why do you hate me ? 
what to do when facebook is failing to keep me from doing my homework ? i guess this is when i do my homework . lame . 
I like it on my desk . 
i have realized i have a problem going down stairs safely i almost fell twice today 
I wanna have a party 
says \you mean Stonehenge ?! \ " \ 
don't you love those times where you have to stay up to finish homework but your really tired ? this is when I start texting people to keep me awake . 
\Im just here for the halibut \"" 
you know you are in idaho and the news is talking about a car accident involving a potato truck ... and they feel the need to clarify that the potato truck was not carrying and potatoes at the time of the accident ... 
got cookies in the mail from my parents !!!! i love them !!!!!! 
So much homework to do !!! such little time !! and SO much else i would rather be doing !!! 
I love the entertaining conversations and laughing fits i get into with < PROPFIRST > . Poor < PROPFEMALE > ends up with the two of us laughing at things shes said . but its so funny !!!! 
delivery pizza+dr pepper+movie+fun roomie = best combo EVER !! 
today is one of those days where your in the car and you jut want to keep driving to see where you end up ... i would probably be in a different state if i did . but i want to . 
please I need help I have to do 2pieces for my < PROPMALE > final and I am out of ideas please send me some pictures !!!! 
Tell me why so many people think its ok to treat me like crap . I can take it but that doesn't mean that I should have to . 
new favorite scripture : D&C 58 : 2-4 
One final down ... three tomorrow . 
done with finals !! got recognized by some dude who did a picture scavenger hunt and i was in a couple pics for them at the dollar store . i also now have skype so let me know if ya < PROPFEMALE > wanna chat . 
In airport . flight doesnt leave till 3:15 so i am gonna be here for a while . 
muahahaha I have officially conquered ! first found the ingredients I needed to make dinner without having to go to the store . then I made a amazing tamale pie ! I win . 
went shopping with my mom today :] now having karate kid marathon :D 
back in rexburg this semester should be fun ! 
rearranged pretty much my whole schedule but my classes are still at about the same times . now i need to return a bunch of books and buy at least one more . 
this homework is taking FOREVER !!!! 
SO excited for ice skating tonight !!!! 
definitely filled my quota of slipping and falling on the ice . I fell twice within a minute ! I definitely love that I can laugh at myself ! 
< PROPFEMALE > glad to be back in Rexburg !!!! I am happy that i got to see so many people that i have missed while down for Jord&Kristin's wedding though ! 
No school ! Time to have fun ... well after i get my homework done :/ 
I LOVE going to the gym !!! 
