All scheduled up ! 

Thoroughly enjoyed Up ! 
Off to Minnesota , then North < PROPFEMALE > , then Montana ( Glacier ) , then South < PROPFEMALE > ( Rushmore , badlands ) , then eventually back home on July 2nd . See you then ! 
I'm back ... thousands of < PROPMALE > and thousands of pictures later ... ' twas a great vacation across the US , but I am glad to be back ! .... now for some nice sailing and kayaking weather ... 
I just finished Twilight , though I must admit that I prefer < PROPFEMALE > Rice's novels . Lestat is infinitely deeper and more intellectual then < PROPFIRST > , two attributes that appeal to my classical tastes , even when it comes to light summer reads . All things consider 
I talked to LT Jones today , and I have information about how to get hold of him via snail mail ! Tell me if you are interested in sending a letter to our friend in Colorado Springs . 
I posted information pertaining to reaching < PROPMALE > Jones via snail mail . Send a note ! 
The Climb , Miley < PROPMALE > . Not a bad song . 
Now for some wind so I may fly with it across the open water . 
I have finished the Twilight series . I mentioned earlier Twilight's lack in intellectual depth . After finishing the four books , I must admit that while it lacked intellecually , it exhibited much vivid emotional depth . All considered , these books were good 
So ... what to read next ? 
PSU's required AlcoholEdu program for incoming freshmen .... WHY do they continue to subject us to this ? Have we not had enough of this throughout the last twelve years of nonsense laden schooling ? 
7:00 , < PROPMALE>'s house today . Writing to < PROPMALE > , eating pizza , etc . RSVP if you can make it . 
I just finished reading the Silmarillion ( again , though it has been 4+ years ) . That is an exceptional tale , oft overlooked but nonetheless worthy of renown equal to that of LOTR . 
I just saved $401.66 on textbooks through < PROPFEMALE > and a good bit of searching . This said , I think $278.01 worth of books ( my ending total ) is ridiculous for just the first semester . 
I just received the one grad present to RULE THEM ALL . ' Tis a waterproof atomic clock + * slide rule * wrist watch . 
Ahh . I have finished the accursed alcohol course . Now to watch a movie and eat pizza . 
I have come to be quite adept at using the slide rule on my wrist . More subtle , but much more useful than so many other gadgets . 
Watchmen was not as good as I had hoped . 
Uploading pictures ... finally .... 
FINALLY after 6 timeouts , I have successfully uploaded an album . Pox on the accursed Facebook bugs . 
I have succeeded in posting a few albums . More shall come later . 
Hulu + Stargate SG-1 = :D 
I am ready to go Office Space on my laptop . Presently I am farting in the general direction of XP and wireless/bluetooth drivers . Now to try Win 7 ... if that fails to work , Ubuntu , here I come . 
One word : NUKE . :D It's Win 7 time . 
Win 7 ROCKS ! Automatic drivers , everything WORKS ... this is what Vista should have been . Oh , and we switched internet services ... 6.2 Mb/s BOOYA :D 
,,, and , with the help of < PROPFIRST > , the main structure of the greenhouse is up ! 
< PROPMALE > is through basic ! Congrats , Cadet Jones ! 
I just read The Universe in a Nutshell and was amazed at how many allusions ( the title alludes to Hamlet ) and jokes < PROPFIRST > Hawking managed to embed in a book of theoretical physics jargon . 
Wishes that the < PROPMALE > Python crew would have been the ones to make a movie of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy . If you have read the book , just imagine this .... 
Today is the big day ! The 48'x100 ' sheet of plastic will be stretched across the greenhouse this evening . :D Thanks in advance to all who are coming to help ! 
... And thanks to the help of a small army of volunteers , the greenhouse plastic is up ! Thanks to everyone who helped ! 
packing , packing , packing ... 
At Behrend . All is well . 
Off to honors calc . at 9:05 . 
well , it has started ... homework , reading , college ... 
DUDE ! It's a LOVESAC ! 
Integrate this ( I being the integral sign ): I(x^2/(1+x^2 ) dx 
I ABHOR ANGEL >:-( 
Ahh . Calc , reading , English , reading , gorge , reading , dinner , reading ..... this is the story of my life . 
Montana court : Do you have a right to medical aid in dying ? What do you guys think ? 
Homeward bound ... for three days ... see you guys on Monday ! 
I just preformed surgery on my camera ( replacing the lcd screen ) . All is well now . 
Back at the grindstone . 
Give me calc ... not English ... 
Ahhh . I am able to relax now . 
... so the Ipod nano now has video and photo taking capabilities .... wow . 
GIS ... Ironman ... GIS ... Ironman ........... Ironman Ahh ... weekends are excellent vehicles for procrastination . 
Calc test time . 
Today is a good day . 
GIS , English , and more GIS . 
English essay is DONE , big GIS exam tomorrow though .... then tutoring , then perhaps a nice nap in the gorge after a long week . 
LAUNDRY DAY ... and homework time ... then some fun . 
Off to the Monday ... 
I hate Wednesdays . 
Wednesday is over . Thankfully , it was made better by a < PROPFEMALE > found after lab and time spent with a certain friend . 
Good day ! I am now a member of the sailing club , possibly crewing with Dr. Lasher on Sunday in a race , my name is finally in the mix for summer research , and there is a guest speaker coming at 7:00 ... should be interesting . 
Chem test tomorrow , then WEEKEND !!! 
Nasty outside .... Perfect for a Calc party . 
Ahh . Monday . 
Umbrellas are not of much use when the rain is horizontal . 
The carillon is awesome , and the English essay is a ridiculous rant about Disney World . 
Parents ' weekend was fun , but Today is Homework Day . :P 
Squatting monkeys tell no lies . 
Loooonnnnnnggggggg day ...... a breather now , but back at it in a bit . :P 
Time to draw some pretty pictures for EDSGN 
Woohoo ! Themes for Chrome ! 
I saw a melan squirrel today on the way down the hill to OBS ! 
Scheduling time ! 
The calc book was wrong , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is thoroughly incapable of articulating logic . 
GAHHHH Why , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , WHY must you subject us to this ? 
English is FINALLY done . Now for a GIS test ... 
snow 
Fresh sweet potatoes , Brie cheese , apples , apple cider , good tea , craisins .... best college dinner ever . 
Ahh , good old Avogadro . Happy Mole Day , everyone ! 
Learning violin from Tiff ... quite an experience . 
Lojban 
Ahhh . Good day . 
< PROPFIRST > Cage , 4'33\ " , 2009-10-30 16:25:38 " 
Fie on English and all other subjective subjects . 
Do You know where your towel is ? 
The < PROPFEMALE > concert/show was great ! 
The microwave , the waste disposal , the orgasmic elasticity of the carpets : this soft , resort-style civilization irresistibly evokes the end of the world . 
How do you quote a quote when you cannot access the original ? Note : annotated bibliography needed . 
19.43 Mbps wireless . 
Frosty the Snowman + Tiffy + Hot Cocoa = :-) 
I cannot wait to get into researth like this . http://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/nl901852h?cookieSet=1 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
Good luck to all on finals ! 
done Done DONE ! 
All set with a legitimate copy of Win 7 . Thank you MSNAA ! 
All set with a legitimate copy of Win 7 . Thank you MSDNAA ! 
I have been introduced to a peculiar , yet tasty , new snack : pretzel-crackers ; cracker ( akin to Cheezits ) on one side and pretzel chip stuff on the other . 
I have EMH < PROPFIRST > I for a Shakespeare professor . This is awesome ! 
I didn't think Armadillos lept when startled ... I thought they curled up into a ball .... apparently for the sake of physics problems they leap a meter or two in the air . 
Part II of a physics problem ... note the first parenthetical statement : \Now the cannon is pointed straight up and fired . ( This procedure is not recommended ! ) Under the conditions already stated ( drag is to be ignored ) which of the following correctly describes the acceleration of the ball ? \"" 
Thank you to everyone ! Sorry I am never online so I am just getting these now . 
Time to hit the books . 
MOLE DAY !!! 
100 Mole Day !!! 
Organic . 
just took my last exam at Behrend , and contained the most pages I've ever seen in an exam . Way to go out with a bang . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
Off to it . Disgusting drive down , but I'm here now . \ 
Time to explore ! 
One day down , many to go . So far , UP is BIG and full of great people ! 
