wow i never get on here do i ?? 

no more boys i can't take this .... 
im sore .... 
one day off ( friday ) what to do for fun ? 
got dome new clothes .. well new to me anyway . :) 
i meant some .. 
is excited for San < PROPMALE > !!! but tomorrow will be more fun yay .. and then saturday 
really needs to stop spending money 
Wedding to go to !! 
is wondering about why my mind never seems to to blank when i want it to be 
tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > o close . friends moving everywhere . am i ready ??? 
work , school , eat , breathe , shower , and wake up to a cat spooning me . - my life 
Comic Con 2010 already sold out :( ... going to be stuck getting one day passes . 
i swear i'm becoming more so pale everyday .... need ... sun !!!. just got over the flu at 2:30 ish ( well , broke the fever at least ) stuffy lil hampter . regaining energy and strength . Happy Thanksgiving :) 
Finals done !!!! 
pissed .. i missed a wedding ( 3-7pm ) because i have to work . then my boss calls me on my way to work saying she didn't need me at 556pm ........ 
communication can be such a beautiful thing :) 
So ready for you 2011 . Try me ;) 
Sorry love , all you do is turn me OFF :) 
need ..... va .. ca ... tion . 
just finished w/ family Christmas party :) so fun ! 
serious insomnia ... maybe im just stressed 
im not really sure what to say today ... oo Austinites , for organic grocery delivery to your house , apartment , dorm etc .. go to greenling.com 
one of these days i'll learn not to be so stiff around people other than < PROPFIRST > 
can't control the curly !! 
sigh , laundry ... 
already Friday again ...?? Semester almost over ? ... well then ... off to work 
what a day off ?? and out of class early ?? at this point i really dont know what to do with myself . 
oh btw , the fluffiness is coming ... prepare 
couple more days ahhhhh ..... get to start moving in tomorrow . Having one of those moments where i was remembering \ i've still got 3.5 MONTHS to do this\ " psht " 
obviously i've been playing waaayyy too much Cafe World 
so having one of those moments ... i had a can opener , checked everywhere but the pantry for food , then when i found the foods .... it had one of those easy open tops . ugh 
So sorry for spaming you all with my cafe worlding . I love you though :) i adjusted the privacy settings specific to all non cafe-worlders being free from 8 million posts a day . let me know how it goes 
la di da 
sorry .. i dont read GangSta !!! 
enjoys food so much that .... hmm 
doesn't want to see toy story 3 ... it'll ruin he classics for me 
hungry hungry hampter ! 
life is so odd ... why ?? 
so .... Phone is wet , start sending me your < PROPFIRST > so i can have them in my new phone :P 
still need your < PROPFIRST > .. my lil brother is the only one that's sent me his/hers so far ..... BURN ! 
New camera !!!!!! Bwuahahaha im excited now :) 
Happy INDEPENDENCE DAY ;p 
bleh . * squeak * RAWWWR 
likes food :D 
Going to do laundry since lovely dryer doesnt work , at least i'll finally have time to read BONE while I'm waiting :D 
Hmm ... havent put a pic of new hair up .... pretty sure it'll take a few days lol 
:D :P ;P ;) 
3 days !!!!!! 
Kitteh es crazy !!! may not zive thou teh nigt 
2 days !!!! Comicomicomicon lol 
im back 
so ya , they did pre-registration for con 2011 this year at con . i believe all the 4days sold out already unless they set some pre limit . preview night .. GONE . kinda unfair to the general public 
:D 
Hamptra needs food .. jus sayin 
I SQUEAK SANITY ... 
bought shoes online , went to pick them up before work and didnt really \ 
have time to check them . just got home ..... i have 2 right shoes , \ 
different sizes and laces ones black and the other black ones got \ 
twilighted ugh ,...... 
now has a left shoe to match the right shoe !! and they're the same color . :) i love my xxhi converse :D 
so close ... so far away ugh 
absolutely loves Sonic Happy Hour :D 
He's the pirate to my ninja :) 
:D such a happy Hampter . one day i'll figure out how to do a hamster on this keyboard ...... 
doesnt mind drinking but hates drunks ... :( 
totally freaked out when she spit blue , then remembered eating jelly beans ..... 
It was like a nuclear explosion went off in my brain and ended the world of thoughts - < PROPFIRST > lol 
nice 3 hour hike on the greenbelt to make up for all the sitting i'll be doing tomorrow :P 
no work , no class , .... no fooood ???? ugh 
dude .. if i ever posted my dreams i swear half of you would send me to a mental institution lol 
:) 
ugh really ?? < PROPFEMALE > snot on my glasses 
Any one moving need a roommate ... trying to stay in the southwest < PROPFIRST > area 
Early .... what is this early you speak of ? 
Just want to move already ..... 
:( 
I feel like a hollow wooden juggling ball 
sooo ready ( kinda ) for that spanish test tmo :) 
GREENBELT !! 
Oh also , stopped at a stop sign today and waited for the light to turn green ...... 
i feel like being a mischievous hampter ... 
I feel like im losing more of my mind everyday . i dont know what i need though ugh . X ( 
pretty bad when you think of food being in the window from someone texting you with the phone on vibrate .... love hyatt 
ah , gotta love writing . finally a peaceful mind 
Must .... have ... mini fridge !! 
oh and im free thursday night ..... anyone bored/ want to < PROPFEMALE > out ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Trekkin - The Firm ah it's been too long :P 
Facebook makes me feel like a stalker at times ..... 
ONE HOUR TIL SKATING !!!!!! I'd go bored out of my mind on this computer without it . 
OMG ! so much fun . i believe it's music and bubblebath time for the little hampter 
ight folks , class in the morning 
hampter still up for thursday ( After 235 :P when class is over ) . takers ? 
so sore . lesson of the day : no squats before work . oh , & Moving in a couple of days :P 
It's truly awesome when people that you've been missing/ hunting for have been missing you too :P 
Jogging , more exercise + work = trouble right ?? Ha ! :P wish me luck 
Good Luck to Disturbed in their concert tonight :P cant believe i missed them ugh . 
IDC what anyones says . I'm excited for April \ 
6th . Gaga concert !!!!!!!! 
Reaalllyy want to watch Inspector Gadget at the moment ... 
doo do do do do Inspector gadget .......... Go gadget go !!!! * music plays * 
Ok here goes ... Who DOESNT like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?????? 
i hate asking for favors but is anyone available Friday afternoon ( 10-2 ish , im flexible ) to help move a couch ?? 
Gees ... split my forehead open on a drawing table , then hit it on a cabinet door while throwing the bandaid wrappers away .... yet still no luck finding my camera charger . * sigh * 
Skating was epic tonight !! so much Freedom and peace in the flow 
Groupon says : Can skipping your morning coffee destroy your friendship with < PROPFIRST > \ 
Clooney ? 
wow that nap attacked me ... I had a dream ... in it i was < PROPFEMALE > , Loca was playing while i was running from a blue muppet werewolf ....... 
really wanna go to Ren fair this year , but i'll wait until next year 
About to go move stuff and maybe meet my new roommate !!!!! 
Finally all moved in !! 
Just got the internet set up . :P 
Music + Skating = hamptra in undefinable place of happiness 
Paintball + busy at work + skating = sore but it hurts so good :D 
I really want the new Gorillaz album :D 
So ...... Once I get my new skates ima try going to the Veloway regularly if anyone wants to exercise/ skate with me let me know :) 
Really wanting at least one day of complete nothingness 
so i've got a shrimp lasagna and a regular lasagna if anyone's hungry . :) 
Speakers finally set up :D and Deftones sounds sooooo smoooth 
It's all just kittens and snowflakes 
CANT SLEEEEEP !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Flowers of coffee :) 
Halloween outfit picked out , now the hair ...... 
playing with make up for Tuesday , now i remember i dont have make up remover ..... 
Really\ 
sick of being Used , Rejected , and Blamed lately . It's so frustrating\ 
and I'm really trying not to explode , but SERIOUSLY . I need a Fucking\ 
break ! Worse yet most of the people I want to say this to either wont\ 
read it or cant see it ... UGH , just warning the people that do care .... \ 
dont push me with stupid shit right now .. 
Hamptress is back to herself with everything thought out . Ready for life again :D 
Midnight showing of the Blob ... twas AWESOME !!!!! 
Hampters ride wolves LOL 
\In The Next Room\ " - Neon Trees " 
You know ... just zoning and knifing 
HALLOWEEN SKATE NIGHT !!!!!!!!! 
Wow :) 
Home :) long exciting day tomorrow 
still offering Darkstalkers for Nov . 13 i need to buy tickets soon ...... 
im thinkin short dreads , with red and blonde maybe ? 
That's like the entire LOTR trilogy with ALL the deleted scenes and loving Hobbit moments 
CEREAL !!!!!! Geez i really do love Kix :D 
so when a friend comments on your wall .... you have the option to Comment , Like , and \see Friendship\ " LOL " 
\Heartbeat \"- < PROPMALE > Iglesias " 
My body never ceases to crave Chick-Fil-A on Sunday ugh :P 
Just wanted to say thank you to all of those who texted , facebooked , emailed , blimped , grafittied , and said Happy Birthday :D I love you guys . I have a short story coming by the end of tonight for you . I'll put it on the left of the FB < PROPFEMALE > if it's short enough OTHERWISE .... it'll be in my notes 
and so it begins :P 
Hamptra Epic posted in Notes LOL 
woot ! Darkstalkers twas Awesomeness ! XD I love my Izzy and Rage J 
Im not conceited , I just enjoy being me :) 
Oh Darling , the plans I have for you :P 
Ha !, you thought .... that was the first mistake 
Sigh * Fail 
So .. if I disappear , and you visit < PROPFEMALE > , and you see a truck near the Eiffel Tower that sells Tacos and Muffins ... ... .. It's Jeffs fault . XD 
FOOOOOOD !!!!! 
Gotta love FREE food :D 
SO many amazing weird quotes today that i cant remember GRRR ... 
mmm quiet peaceful day :D 
someone gave me this awesome noodle necklace today XD 
is it Dec 3rd yet ???? 
Night was filled with toothpaste , chocolate mashed potatoes , and < PROPFEMALE > for Friday's TSO concert :D 
Done crying myself to sleep over assholes . The slate is erased and it's nap time ! :D 
the one time i dont handwash my bras and i get myself stuck in a DRYER for like 10 < PROPFEMALE > trying to get one out ... XD 
Friday lineup : Veloway , spa ( i've never been , kinda nervous but excited ) , and TSO CONCERRRRRTTTTT !!!!!! 
yes . i snort when im really happy or find something really amusing ... didnt know it was a mystery 
TSO WAS EFFING AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The needle turned into a sword . Next thing I remember was seeing my beating heart . I was alive after all . 
ugh , farewell 4.0 I'd need a 100 on that last test to keep you . grrrrrr you Ethics ...... like 5 more overall points , a slightly more explained research paper , and i wouldnt be worried . :'( 
one banana ! lol < PROPFEMALE > 
shit .... Kill shot 
2 laps at the Veloway !... almost ;) 
really miss all the pics lost on my other comp esp my cheetah arm :( 
Id very much so like to die right now ... wayyyyy beyond epic fail . 
Sorry everyone , im going through a serious identity/mental crisis . nothing in my head adds up or makes sense anymore . Yes , i am going to see a doctor or therapist soon . it's getting too out of control ... hopefully they dont just give me drugs ......... 
* sigh * boys boys boys 
Just checked my grades ... idk how , but I'm still a straight A student . im still stunned that i got an A in ethics , i thought otherwise :D 
Just wanna be part of something legit 
\oh no She's tryin to get free HBO ! \ " - pigeon in Cats and Dogs Revenge of < PROPFEMALE > Galore :P " 
\for you I'd bleed myself dry \"" 
I know some assholes , some hermits , some drama queens , some stoners , and some intelligent shy peeps .... I'd have to say , they are all the most amazing people I've ever met . I love you guys XD 
gonna stare at tits while i eat food at Twin Peaks :P 
My duck minions shall overcome any flock you send :D 
mmmmmmm PISTACHIOS !!!!! 
Alright . who wants to feed Hamptra ? :D I could set up a fence petting zoo style with a sign \ Please DO FEED wild animals\ " but idk how well that'll go over ... " 
Really in the mood for some techno and sleep . odd enough combination 
\i'm not the same kid from your memory . Well now I can fend for myself \"" 
Can I borrow a bottle of \Drama B-Gone\ " ? I'd love some at this point " 
Great amazing day so far :) 
new show \Being Human\ " not bad so far " 
so my professor has the most amazing beard thing ever ... i'll try to get a picture or draw one ... it is its own limb has it's own personality i swear 
Yes , my boobs are \huge\ " but my heart is bigger :D " 
always love how organizing a room becomes an all day venture and leads to a different mess of \organized\ " piles " 
mmmm DeadMau5 \FML\ " = new favorite song :D " 
Dear < PROPMALE > , i havent met you yet ... but i love you to death XD 
Almost to a point where the idea of being fired seems freeing . Warning to friends , i wouldnt even try to contact me at all from Wednesday night to Friday morningish .. I'll be so effin tired esp . Thursday . longest day i'll have had in a while . i didnt miss 16 hour days and homework crunching ugh . 
i feel a little better , but im sure the TP < PROPMALE > is using me as a snot factory grrr .... doesnt he know i am HAMPTRA ? !! 
Life's a journey . Why can't we all just relax ?!?!?! 
Since you wont accept Canada for an answer ... i am Switzerland ; neutral , leave me out of this . 
i REALLY wanna go out and play tonight :) 
just finished cutting my hair & finally found a nice reddish lipstick . i feel like an absolute fox right now XD 
I honestly feel like a turkey being thrown in the oven after being covered in a < PROPMALE > hearty failsauce ... tasty :( 
