i hold it up and show my buddies like we ain't scared an our boots ain't muddy , but no one laughs , ' cuz there ain't nothin ' funny when a soldier cries . 

kolden : yo , you can't have your cake and eat it too . 
you know you're having a good time when your father feels obligated to vacuum up your chalk dust . (: 
drink up , baby , look at the stars . i'll kiss you again , between the bars . 
oh , i have a date with garneau . drawing , who wants to keep me company ? <3 \ 
\ 
719-64 0-0 598 
come on in , boy , sit right down and tell me ' bout yourself . you like my daughter , do you now ? yeah , we think she's somethin ' else . she's a daddy's girl , her momma's world , she deserves respect that's what she'll get , ain't it , son ? 
I love pastels , but they irritate me so . My bed is completely colorful now , but I seem to be making progress . Someone keep me company ? <3 
mm , peircin ' later ? rys the hardass is comin with me , for sure . (: this'll be a lot of fun . text me ? 
loves her bigbrother . 
Chiefs are ' pretty much screwed . ' aha lame . 
i get TWO needles today . lucky me . 
To all of you who wasted my time pretending to be my pal , I'm over it . I'm here to build my future , and you sure as shit ain't goin ' nowhere . Quit wasting my time . After all , birds of a feather flock together . Go be losers together somewhere far , far away from me . THANKS (: 
You're a parasite , and that's all you'll ever be . I may be happy , for a while , but you're killin ' me , darlin ' . 
hey , get the hell outta the way . you're blocking the path for people who are actually getting somewhere in life . good luck being a transient . 
i am waiting for that sense of relief-i am waiting for you to flee the scene . as if you held in your hand the smoking gun , and on the floor lay the one you said you loved . 
the heart wants what the heart wants . don't be a hater . 
pain fills your heart to the ground , love turns the whole thing around . 
Just threw up- a lot . I'm dizzy and it SUCKS . Time for a shower .... THANKS , Kolten < PROPFIRST > for making me puke my heart out ! 
gonna run till I puke !! 
I can't even count on my left hand how many people from Falcon I'm going to make an effort to keep in touch with after I graduate . I don't need SHIT from anyone as long as I have my education . No one does ! (: 
Just a thought- if you're constantly looking at your friends as ' fake , ' maybe you aughta look at yourself before you look at everyone else ? Be as genuine as you can be and the rest will follow . \ 
10am tomorrow , I'm working my ass off . <3 
Just worked my butt off with < PROPMALE > , now we're leaving . \ 
\dad 
forgiveness is fickle when trust is a chore . 
Trey : We're gonna run up Pikes Peak ! \ 
Me : Then run down , and we'll be in Nebraska ! \ 
Trey : Because Nebraska is TOTALLY on the other side of Pikes Peak . \ 
Your geography skills are kinda fucked up . <3 
I am never scantly clad . 
c'mon , get cold . < PROPFEMALE > creek already has tomorrow off ! :P 
Worked my butt off at Peterson , now I'm left wondering where I'll be in 5 months when you're gone and off to better things . Let's turn this shit-mood into artwork . <3 
People never change , they just become more of who they truly are . 
Someone should tell Fergie she can't sing a note . 
Running tomorrow ? I think so . You need to keep me on track , < PROPMALE > Pelton . How will I survive without you ? I probably won't :)) 
So < PROPMALE > Pelton and I are jogging like normal , and he trips me onto my face , into a snowpile . Kinda like that time you ate shit at Peterson , huh , < PROPMALE > ? ;) Hahaha . 
I am addicted to running . 
\Overzealous is good . Like overzealous gay people . LIKE 
One of those days where just the thing I need is to blast music and dance around my room in boxers . (: Running with Trey'f later . 
stump , stick , stump , stone , stump . wind sprints designated with debris are the best . 
and then I hated everyone . 
Be careful of what you set your mind on , because it will surely be yours . 
Five down for concentration , seven to go . Ow ow . :D 
I am happy . ' Cizin tomorrow with Treyf , and then < PROPMALE > . 
GOODBYE < PROPMALE > . <3 you were my favorite piercing , you were my only piercing ... Or perhaps I can find something to put in there before it closes ? HM . 
Pain is only weakness leaving the body . 
MM , wouldn't it be nice if I could see Koltrain , Treyf , and my girlfriend this weekend ? <3 My house smells like sin because my dad thinks all turpentine works the same . It does- but sometimes industrial sized cans of liquid acid from the Big R aren't necessary . 
if it's a friend you need , let it be me . 
tonight I'm swimmin ' to my favorite island . 
You know you're a slacker when you put a damn crab picture off for over three weeks . My plans for spring break ? Kick < PROPMALE > in the ass and get things done . (: 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I leave my facebook up ALL the time on EVERYONES computer . BAHAHAHA ! 
You're sheep , and that's all . The question is , who's followin ' who in your little group ? (: Time to sleep , then kill brain cells with turpentine . 
\I'm feelin ' pretty gross . \ " \ 
Buying < PROPMALE > supplies is totrure . 
No phone- dropped it in a bowl of cereal . :P 
\My dad says hello . \ " \ 
I'm a busy , busy < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am inspired . 
When all the hard times outweigh the good , and all your words are misunderstood , when the day is lost to the stars , you must follow your heart . 
I love finding ' surprises ' with < PROPFIRST > Hill ... 
See , I've been known to fall in love , but sometimes love is just not enough . 
If someone talks behind your back , it's because you're ahead of them . 
Meh . TRUTH IS ? ------> like ! 
We're all happy Maryssa Nicklas is alive . Let's put aside the drama , and forget those who wish ill . IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED , COME TO ME , OR HER . Everyone else is going off of rumors . And let's not forget those who have fun making things up . Shame on you . 
\Stop being fat . \ " -Trey . \ 
