Yeehaw !!! I got my drivers licence the first try ! I got a 97% too :D 

:( Parents move tomorrow :( 
Hello all my girl Friends , I need some of you to come to my house sometime and help me pick out my carpet color and wall paint color ... lol , I am afraid if I do it by myself my house will look like ... well .... like a guy did it . If you are interested please tell me , so I can set up a time when more people can come and help :) 
Going grocery shopping for the first time ! what fun :D 
Why would God create humans and then not talk to them ? it's like making a sandwich and not eating it . Some would say he did talk to people , so god only ate half the sandwich , then got full and left ? Or People would say we are like a good < PROPFEMALE > , God doesn 
God has weird ways of talking to us , But it does get his point across :) 
Has so much more faith in the way church handles problems ! 
Woot ! no homework today , and I think I did real good on my math test ^^ 
I found my watch , Just in time ... 
Whew ! not a good day to ride a bike :S 
Hey guys , if you get an e-mail on facebook that says go to something like kate.kx.cz, PLEASE don't go to it , it has a key logger ^^ , and I don't think you want that :P 
8675309-eee-ine , Where do i remember that from ? 
Is working hard on homework , hoping to go to church tonight ! 
Is sorta depressed and doesn't know why , it has been a good day . 
HATES HIS TEACHER :( she is biased towards kids , and biased towards guys ... and also loves kittens , so anything with kittens on it get a A+ grade ... I wish College was like the GED , where they would have 3 people grade the same test , then there would not 
Yawn ! feels great to sleep in ^^ 
Bunnies are different then Rabbits ... 
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world ; indeed it's the only thing that ever has . 
Will pay for someone to do my homework :/ 
Please pray for my mom , she is having a really hard time keeping up in her classes and her grades . Also she found out the ulcer and her surgery that she had to take out her gallbladder was not the solution to her pain , it has come back and she is throwing 
Happy fathers day !!! 
Is having hot dogs wrapped in tortillas with ketchup , cheese , and Relish :) 
Is tired ... 
Thinks it is weird . why does he find it funny when people cuss for fun , but hate it when people cuss when they are mad ? 
Procrastination causes all-nighters on homework , have to learn to stop being a procrastinator . 
finally got his homework done , and is going to bed ... 
need more prayers for my mom , She just went to the hospital because she couldn't stand the pain anymore . 
12 A+'s in a row , then an F ... my teacher is mean ... 
twisted his ankle while doing long jumps :S hurts so much . 
If a deaf person has to go to court , is it still called a hearing ? 
Can a hearse carrying a corpse drive in the carpool < PROPFIRST > ? 
I always wondered why when you jump up in a bus , you land in the same place you jumped from . why don't you fly back ? 
Why is it that when someone tells you that there’s billions of stars in the universe , you believe them . But if they tell you there’s wet paint somewhere you have to touch it ? 
why can't there be a simple answer ? Why do most religious things have to come with strings attached and hidden meanings ? is it only to weed out the ones who don't have the determination to get the answer ? 
\Your burnt ! \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > " 
my back hurts ... I think it might have to do with letting someone tap dance on it ... 
Is lounging out at the church , with nothing to to ... homework went to fast . 
Thinking he probably should ... 
last day of school !.... until Monday ... 
is thinking that all facebook users talk about themselves in third-person ... 
\Physical exercise detracts from my intellectual pursuits . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > died today :O 
HAVE A BLAST AT THE CARDINALS GAME !! I got a T-shirt(thrown to me :D ) and a Coin(that weights a ton ) and a picture with the mascot !!! how awesome it that ? perfect first game ! 
You should come to Summer of lunch today , we will be swimming at the Y ! and you will get that good little feeling for helping out :) 
OUCH ! my eyes hurt so bad ... 
is thinking 
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up . 
Is listening to music and fixing photos . 
Thinks my dad should let me do my college on my own , not treat me like a kid and tell me when to do it ... 
People used to explore the dimensions of reality by taking LSD to make the world look weird . Now the world is weird and they take Prozac to make it look normal . 
How many Sutherland's employees does it take to screw in a florescent light bulb ? the answer is 8 . We were there 20 minutes while all the employees tried their hand at putting a florescent light bulb in ... the oldest one finally figured it out . 
00110011 00101110 00110001 00110100 00110001 00110101 00111001 00110010 00110110 00110101 00110011 00110101 00111000 00111001 
YES ! I finally got my mic fixed ^^ 
How is it that we put man on the < PROPFEMALE > before we figured out it would be a good idea to put wheels on luggage ? 
playing poker :) 
Atheism , The belief that there was nothing and nothing happened to nothing and then nothing magically exploded for no reason creating everything and then a bunch of everything magically rearranged itself for no reason what so ever into self-replicating bi 
My Grandpa just died , and I don't feel anything ... 
hmmm .... conundrum ... I get out of classes at 9:45 AM , then Monday has a men's bible study at big mommas at 10:00 AM , then it ends at 11:30 AM , and I can't bring my bike to church because I get a ride from the derryberrys . so I have to drop my bike off . so I 
Wishes he had it ... 
Has figured it out ... boy , this is going to be a long journey , But so worthwhile ... 
Doesn't like rain this early on a school day ... 
is looking forward to < PROPFIRST > , It gives me a break from everyday life :) 
Is planning a Bike ride , If you want to go Message me , I don't know were or when yet , however there will be one :) 
ouch ! after almost breaking my arms/legs/back/chin/feet/floor/hands , I fanally learned how to do the Worm properly ... next , learn to dance to techno music ... whew , my week will be full of pain ... 
Gratuity sure sounds like tooty in a busy Mexican restaurant ... 
anyone ever tried the Sac River bike routes ? the ratings are good , but say its a little tough , and very hard to navigate , but very adventurous . 
Whew ... I have Hypothyroidism ... I get to take pills for the rest of my life , oh joy ... 
Is lounging out today , I get a break and I will use it wisely , I will sleep all day ! 
Have a good night Facebook ! 
wow , I didnt know it was so easy to learn so much more about God . i need to read more ... a lot more ! 
Is homosexuality a sin ? ( no I am not homosexual , but would still like to know your thoughts ) 
I am so confused , stressed , Angry , sad , content , shocked , uninspired , tired , sore , numb , broken , high strung , tense , prideful , ignorant , and selfish . all at the same time , God help me to change , let this point in my life be over soon , let all these bad th 
My Birthday and drivers license number appear in the first set of Pi :D 
Is wondering what other things are like Pi ? 
is doing homework ... so much homework ... 
ah , finally over with homework , going to do chores then off to bed :) 
Off to school ... I hate mondays 
I hate Mondays 
YAWN !!, time for bed ... Night Facebook . 
woot ! got ahead in my homework ^^ , now time for bed so I can do my exam tomorrow . 
woot ! no homework ^^ 
< PROPFIRST > here I come ^^ 
Last day of school(for this week ) ... can't wait to sleep in ^^ 
lol , I like Friend FAQ , Most parts are really funny , but some parts are very bad 
YAWN ! im glad today is the last day of school ^^ 
lol , Waterday while its raining , this should be fun . 
Please pray for my mom , She went to the emergency room again today , and she found out she has 5 ulcers now , before she only had 1 . 
Has done some introspection , and is doing a 180 degree turn around ... 
Sometimes you find your < PROPFEMALE > on the road you took to avoid it . 
oh my ... me and < PROPMALE > looked like idiots trying to get the car to work ... pushing it up the hill(or at least trying ) , I hope he figures out what wrong lol . I am so tired ... 
Thinks Perfect Square Trinomials should have more publicity ... 
doesnt like it when it rains ... 
too much homework ... Will be up till 1 AM , and won't be at church til maybe Sunday , but probably Monday . I need to \get my priorities straight . \"" 
Good night ... YAWN ! 
< PROPFIRST > Darko was ... interesting , S . Darko was worse then < PROPFIRST > though . 
I don't think I did so good on my math test ... i am almost positive I got 3 wrong out of 23 ... 
out doing yard work . 
Gone to camp ! I'm so excited ! 
wow ! that was awesome week ! I loved it ! 
103.1 temperature :S , I am not feeling well , but I am happy I waited to get sick till after camp . However I am mad I broke my 1 1/2 year not getting sick streak ... 
I feel so much better ! Not sick anymore . 
anyone know a good sad song about poverty ? 
wow , I never knew all these things about World hunger and Poverty ... 
Ugh ... I am 17 and my dad thinks I don't need a phone and doesn't want me to have one . I think he is the one keeping me sheltered ... 
Grrr , I hate glitches in Programs you pay for ... 
whew ! trying to make a math problem is hard ... trying to make a math problem have the answer you want is even harder 
might get the Nokia E71x , or the LG incite ... but can't decide which ... both would only be $24 though . 
Note to self : Do not get on the internet with phone before you know if it costs . I went on the internet with my new phone and later found out it was charging me :S lol ... time to shut off the data stream . 
lol ! I just got a chain letter ... on my car , written on paper ... in spanish .... isn't that a bit old-school ? 
Taking Algebra Final , pray for me ! :S 
is going to return his nokia for a samsung ... it is much better . 
I hope there is truth in that saying \God will provide \"..." 
Please pray for my mom , she is feeling very stressed , and that is bad to feel while having 5 ulcers ... 
Is typing this on the < PROPMALE>'s Computer ! :O !!! 
Had a GREAT time at Capstone !! It was amazing ! Favorite part , Omimax and St. < PROPFIRST > museum , both were awesome ! 
more than 900 photos taken , only 300 are somewhat good ... I need more practice . 
I am not liking the way God has pushed my life in this direction ... I think he is trying to tell me something , but I don't know . 
Is uploading Pictures now ... 
Loves people when they tag my photos , saves me so much time ! 
will tag people in the morning ... 
Every generation gets a < PROPMALE > to change the world , how will you change it ? 
if anyone knows a store that sells racks for bikes ( like a rack that goes on a bike , not a car ) I would be grateful :D 
Mercy me got in a car/bus accident late last night , and 2 of the passengers didn't make it(not mercy me ) , one passenger did , she is pregnant and in critical condition , please pray for her . 
Goonies is such a good movie ^^ 
Gone to church 
\I like your blouse \"" 
Just cant believe what he does sometimes ... 
Is going to the career center to get some Yes bucks :) 
I love getting text messages , even though I can't reply back to them :D 
For evil to triumph , good men must do nothing . 
zes vlaggen !! (also known as six flags in dutch ) 
mobile phone cameras have bad quality ... 
YEA ! got all my books , and they will all fit in my backpack ! that means I don't need a bike rack !! The books cost $336 though :S 
I am fixing my new bike , how fun ?! 
lol , just got back from riding my bike in the dark down a highway to give my drunken mom a spare key so she could get into her car that she locked herself out of :/ the funny things in life . 
outside mowing the lawn ... yawn ! I can't believe I got sick 2 times in 2 weeks , and , after 1 1/2 years of not getting sick ... I must be paying for all the times I didnt get sick ... 
Good night Facebook 
\Study this Book of the Law continually . Meditate on it day and night so you may be sure to obey all that is written in it . Only then will you succeed . \ " - < PROPFIRST > 1:8 " 
Just got in contact with a long lost friend , I think I will be happy all day :) 
hmmm , somehow I don't agree with < PROPMALE > being mad and cursing his son when all his son did was look at his father naked and tell his other brothers ... 
uh-oh ... this storm is getting pretty bad , everyone stay safe :D and remember , no dancing in the rain when it is lightning :P 
woot ! my longest work day is coming around the corner , 11 hour shift , I can't wait !! :D 
Is going to go to OTC and scope out my new class rooms and on the way , try out my new bike ! :D 
lol , I love seeing people I know out in the real world . I saw < PROPFEMALE > at OTC , and I saw Keke on the highway ! 
I am packing my backpack for tomorrow ... I am soooo not looking forward to going to classes ... 
whoa ! I seriously lucked out ! All my teachers are great , none are mean , and all are very funny . I think I will have a lot of fun this semester :D 
Well , after doing all my homework for the weekend , I think I will retire to my bed . 
Is so happy when God helps you out in the < PROPMALE > of time , it is almost like he planned this ... 
Hmmm , since I slept in so long ... I might as well stay up all night and get my room cleaned and more homework done . 
finally done with homework(have to stop procrastinating ) time for bed ... up in 5 hours . 
ooo , I am on facebook from otc ... I feel like a rebel >:) 
Is working hard >:) 
wishes he had better habits ... 
outside studying ... I wish it was a bit colder outside . 
I procrastinate faaaar too much ... I need to work on that this week ... 
whew ... 150+ pages of Political science/philosophy/public speaking ... Done ... 
well , it's off to bed I go , I'm so tired . 
oooo , I have a present for someone's birthday , I am excited about how it turned out :) 
Night facebook ! 
hmmm , algebra is getting harder , I wonder if my luck in understanding math has run out ... 
is in some ways thinking about quitting facebook because of their new policy ... 
ugh ! I don't like introduction essays ! why do people need to know who I am and what I like to do ?! 
ugh , do I want to talk to my parents so much that I will stay up till 1:20 AM and then do homework till 3 AM when I have to wake up at 5 AM ... I think I am very ... idk ... 
Can't wait for work tomorrow ! 
i-i-its s-s-s-oooo c-coooold in th-th-the ch-church ... 
sorry if anyone is trying to call me(lol ! ) , but my phone is sorta ... out of minutes , so I will have to wait 2 days ... :( 
this was by far the WORST day of my life ... 
getting 7 hours sleep actually makes you feel refreshed ! :O I should try it more often ! 
Wow ... the computer lab at OTC is full , I can just feel people looking over my should and seeing what I have on facebook ... we are like shoulder to shoulder in here :S 
what is a good way to get a girl out of your head ? I tried sleeping ... THAT didn't work ... 
is so happy today , I think it is going to turn out great for everyone ! 
My speech is doing really bad ... 
oh boy , please pray for me while I do my speech at 10 :( I am sweating already , and my heart is beating so fast :S uhhh , breath in ... breath out ... 
oh man ! I messed up :S I forgot a mandatory paper , and my object(a dandelion ) ... so I couldent speak , and I would have lost 10% on my score if my name was called to go and speak ... it was !.... but God was watching out for me :) I chose to be the timer , so I couldent go up there , and I didn't lose points , and I can do it friday !! woohoo ! 
NO ! my parents are now watching family guy ... my life has ended ... 
hmmm , a good idea has sprung from the celler door of my brain ... I think it might be a keeper . 
well , I did better then I thought I would do on my speech . I didn't say something stupid and my joke was returned with an outburst of laughter :) 
wiggle wiggle little < PROPFEMALE > .... oh wait ? 
* Start Here * 
Parents ... Please God remind me to be a good parent , don't let me annoy my children or call them stupid , Help me to have my children not move out in anger . 
I am glad sleeping makes you stop thinking , I believe I would go insane if I could never go to sleep ... 
weird , no church on labor day ?... 
guess it is time to go to bed :) Tomorrow is going to be a great day , I promise . 
Fact : frogs can't swallow with their eyes open 0.0 
Fact : Moths are unable to fly during an earthquake . 
Fact : To commemorate ratification of the 19th Amendment in 1920 , U.S. playing card manufacturers replaced \staffs\ " with \ " hearts\ " as the fourth suit in the deck . The world soon followed . " 
Fact : The Bible can be read aloud in 70 hours . 
Fact : drivers don't pay attention to bikers and tend to hit them on occasion ... 
ugh ... I can't go to sleep ... I guess I will stay up :/ 
is mad ... his computer is broken ... it won't turn on :( 
9:09 09/11/09 hmmm 
Fact : True friends can move in opposite directions and still walk side by side . God made friendships for those of us who can't live without them . 
Trying to change your relationship status to \In a relationship with Jesus\ " doesn't work ... " 
I wonder if I could have a sleeping disorder ... 
Embarrasing , being in class 10 minutes after it ended so the math teacher could help me and another student with a problem , even though the next class was already in there and ready to start :/ 
whoa , that was a fun fun night ! out till 3 AM :D 
Wishes he didn't have emotions , they crowd his judgment far too much , and at really bad time 
Is the death penalty bad or good ? I have a homework assignment and I would like different views . 
Is finally starting on my Death penalty paper ... 
whew ! done with my Death penalty paper , hope he likes it ... hope he likes people talking about God , cause if he doesnt ... 
hypothetically , I wonder what God does to those who keep his followers from following ... 
Is turning around ... 
I love my math teacher , she doesnt trick us , she puts tests/exams in order , and our exam only has 12 questions on it ! 
wow , internet was out all day , I thought my life had ended ... 
guesses he should probably start keeping a journal . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Swayze ... Sept . 14 , 2009 
lol ... bad day , I lost my keys(for everything I own ) then I find out that my bike needs to be repaired , also my mom will be off her meds for a while since medicaid(medicare ? ) won't pay for them anymore . lol but 1 good thing today , i found my key ... in the middle of the highway , all torn up ... 
loves it when people tag his photos ! makes less work for me ^^ 
oops , forgot to do a quiz online for class today :S good thing I have a break between classes ... 
wow ! the more suspensful time of my life ! Me , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > all played cornhole , it was so amazing ! good job to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > they tried their hardest and almost won , they did a good job ! 
going to the doctors ... I really hope I get the pills , and they do what they said they would do 
oh boy ... I don't like the doctors anymore ... Kidney stones , hypothyiroidism , high blood pressure ... wow ... I am all messed up . good part though , I lost 20 pounrds since riding bike to college and back 
I need help with my tribute speech , i don't know who to tribute ... I thought about Jesus , but I think it is an over used topic ? 
night ... 
please Pray for my friend , he is going through changes and needs help , Pray that he is taking the right path . 
Please pray for my mom , the ulcers seem to have grown and more ar poping up . She can hardly go outside now , because it hurts to move . Right now she doesn't have the insurance to pay for the medical treatment , the doctors think She might have cancer , but they can't tell her that until she gets checked , but they won't give her the check-up without having insurance . Please pray that she doesn't have cancer 
What is a Hero ?...... A hero is an everyday person who can change the world for the better . It could be simple , like helping one person out or by helping millions . 
Sleeping ... 
Today is going to be soooo busy , but I think it will be a great day for everyone , all they have to do it let it be a good day ! 
awe , please pray for my friend , she is in the ER , I don't know why though :( 
has 13 friends online O.O wow , thats a record . 
Heading for school ... 
wow , my speech went horrible , I forgot my lines and I mumbled , also I was sweating and my heart was beating very fast , good thing it was about a topic I know fairly well , will post the video at 4 PM 
if anyone sent me a group invite or an event invite , I can not get it , Facebook is messing up and won't let some people see their \Requests \"" 
Fahrvergnügen , I love that word ! 
woot ... I got a hair cut ... or sorta .. 
You can't live without a passion . Find your passion , Take it , Hold it , And never let it go ! 
going to my first football game !! 
I guess it was a good day at church ... I have been asked to get the youth group into action on friday ... Why do I have a fear o leadership ? 
Fish fry tonight at church , it is going to be fun , please come , I don ; t want to be the only youth who shows up :( 
Is thinking why everyone thinks he is a creeper ... hmmm , what exactly is a creeper ? O.O 
Tomorrow is my massive homework make-up day ... I am so lagging . 
Oh man ... < PROPMALE > the custodian taught me tonight how to set the churches alarm system ... well , I did it when I left the church , then I forgot if I had locked the doors or not ... and I tripped the alarm system ... Ugh ... lights going off everywhere and a screetching alarm that I am sure < PROPFEMALE > heard ... 
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
School ... Im tired . 
had a pop quiz in math today ... I hate those , they should give you all the time you need to work out a problem , if they needed a problem solved fast , why don't they use a computer ? 
oot ! I got a 2K check today ^^ , yes real money , real green letuce :D , time for a lesson in saving though :/ 
ugh ... tough day at work , why do parents leave kids unattended ? they should know that they like to run into things :/ 
This morning was just beautiful , and very cold . It was awesome , only God can make something like that ... and game programmers . 
Loves getting phone calls ! ( except from parents ) 
P . U . S . H : Pray Until Somthing Happens . 
Just got back from Extreme home makeover gathering , that was cool ! 
This life is getting a < PROPMALE > renovation ! 
if a woman that is 8 years older than you flirts with you , should you worry ? 
wow ! I can send free text messages now ^^ ... but only from my computer . So if you ever want me to text you after you have texted me , put what your service provider's name is and I will get back to you ^^ 
I love it when people give me a < PROPMALE > to be myself and show what I am capable of . to many people shoot others down before they even get to know them . 
If anyone has spare books lieing around that they want to give away to help a good cause(children of Uganda ) , Bring them to church sunday , and every sunday after that ! 
is suriously contemplating paying someone to teach him out to drive ... My parents seem to think if I learn I will want to drive , though they will let me be taught by someone else ?... 
Regular morning : Drinking Watermelon flavored tea from arizona , eating rasin bran , drink a half cup of coffee , all while listening to Summer of ' 69 ! 
Is doing a speech on World poverty , why is it so hard to get facts that people will listen to ? 
Yeah ! made my first Pizza hut order-out phone call ^^ I feel so grown up . 
Donate a book , save a life ^^ 
Well ... Today just did a 180 degree turn , I hate cancer . It interupts lives , and takes peop , e from others . 
Thats why I am smarter than my sisters ... I stayed in th womb 8 days longer than i was supposed to . Scientificaly if babies are late , they are more intelligent . :D 
Inside each of us there is a wild side . The problems is , only half show it ... 
Great party < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Going to a real baseball game ! the \playoffs\ " !! " 
awe ... Cardnals lost :( , on the bright side though , I can < PROPFIRST > off 1 thing from my bucket list ^^ 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
Has so much homework , too many Exams ... Please pray I don't fail at them all :( 
In your own words , what is your defination of evil , and do people choose this way of life ? 
\farts are genetic !! \"" 
Really wants to go on a mission trip outside the U.S. ! Just has to find where and how ... 
\A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . \"" 
O.O I am not a mean person ... But when kids are acting like animals , a beast erupts within me ... Why do parents come to let their kids play basket ball , and birng their little kids with them , and then leave ? do they think their kid playing basket ball will watch the little one !? ugh ... Parents ... 
Doesn't think he did so good with his math test ... But got a 90% in PLS , so it evens out ... 
ooo ! my first time I get to mend a wound ^^ a guy at church got a nasty gash on his leg , it looks pretty cool , he's okay now ... the church needs better medical supplies , they didn't have what I needed . 
A potter is going to be preaching for the church tonight , and the youth are in big church ... please come :) 
YES !!! hard work pays off ! I got a woman in Wilard ready to unload a truckload(literally ) of donated books ! That is so cool , I thought I would never get someone to actually donate . Thanks God for the break ! 
Anyone willing to donate a truck for a day ? It would be very helpful if I could get some one to drive me to wilard to pick up a truckload of books ... hehe ... 
... let us strip off every weight that slows us down , especially the sin that so easily trips us up . And let us run with endurance the race God has set before us . ~ Hebrews 12:1 , NLT 
uh-oh ... I got a B in math , I hate sign errors , every problem I got wrong was because of my sign errors ... 
Wnats to do something tonight ... 
I am so tired ... And mad that I got a D on my phlosophy exam ... my lowest score on any test ever :( 
ugh ... Is making a monthly/weekly budget , Sort of fun , but I would rather do homework ... 
Is it morally right for ME to share an apartment with the oppisite gender ? 
These monkeys just keep getting put down ! 
This year was the best year of my life , I owe that to my awesome youth group and great set of friends , thanks guys ! 
And 5 boxes of books are now in my in my possession ! 
watching Scooby doo 2 ^^ 
Just got a visit from < PROPFEMALE > at my work ... that was fun -.- lol 
Hate philosophy so far ... all the different theories either contradict or are the opposite of my beliefs ! are people really that insane to think you should not lie at any time , even if it saves a persons life ? ugh ... I am supposed to be learning moral ... s , but instead it seems as though I am learning to lose them ... 
Please pray for my friend , He is going through a really hard time in his life , and doesn't known which direction he should take , and is really really stressed . 
biking home in the rain , first time ... I hope my rain stuff works :S 
is going camping for the first time !! see you guys tomorrow ! 
Had the best night camping with great friends ! thanks guys ^^ 
Many people will walk in and out of your life , but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart . love people and use things , not love things and use people ... 
ugh , I can't get my photo's tagger right , it seems facebook messed up again ... 
I will miss my first day of school tomorrow ... I hate being sick ... 
Books donated so far : 480 , I should have over 1,000 next week ^^ , schools are the way to go ! 
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . 
Great , now everyone in my english class thinks I am a creeper and a pot smoker ... 
Are pigs flying !? did hell freeze over !? did monkey just fly out of my butt !? My dad is going to teach me to drive this month !! 
oh my goodness ... I am going to die if I don't get this speech done in 5 hours ... 
YES ! got my speech outline done ... it is like 15 minutes though , Ionly have 6 to talk . I have a lot of work to do tonight , I may have to pull my first all nighter :S 
wow , still up doing this speech and other homework , I might not have enough time :S 
time to go to classes and I am not done with the speech , this will be horrible ... pray for me ? : x 
Is very mad at himself and his moral values ... 
wow !? really ? Parnormal activity is horrible ... the only reason people would leave the theatre is because the were bored to death . 
I am starting on Christmas Presents ! :D they will mostly all be hand made . 
hmm , I am starting to like Jaron , but I think he is starting to not like me , correcting your youth pastor I guess is a big no-no 
Telling my teacher I lied to her , please pray she doesn't kill me :( 
ugh ... you know , I decide to stay at this church , and then it goes and does a stupid thing like not letting the basketballers or the MSU classes attend the CLC anymore . Which by the way , the guy who leads the MSU classes has been here for over 25 years ... This church seems to be pulling itself down knowing full well that it is ... 
Riding home ! ^^ 
Is thinking about being a Night Manager at Missouri Hotel , I would work 48 hours a week , but get payed 9 dollars an hour ... I have all the experience , and meet all the requirements , but I am not sure if I want to give up my job at the church :S 
Needs to stop procrastinating , I have 3 hours to to a 5 < PROPFEMALE > research paper ... 
Had some good Coffee with Friends , and then had a good night playing killer bunnies and watching Orphen ^^ 
has to take a test with 4 essay questions in 50 minutes , handwritten , and every essay has to have a minimum of 3 paragraphs ... well I would have had to do that if my teacher wasn't awsome ! I told him I was bad at writting and he gave me a computer and 2 hours to do the test ! ^^ 
Awe , Slap n ' Grab ... it is only sold in 6 places worldwide , only one website sells it . Why is it so hard to get ? 
A question I came across while researching . Who Am I ? I thought about it for a while , and I came up with an answer , I don't know . It's a simple question , why is it so hard to answer . Is there really an answer since we beings are ever-changing ? Then I finally understood , only God knows the answer , and if we learn more about God , we also learn more and more about the answer to that question . 
at church helping with the bowling , I am about to fall asleep on my feet ... 
Camping gives you time to think about life . I think when we go to nature , God comes to us . When we take all of our life normalities and throw them out the window , God enjoys that . No music to blow out God's voice , no cell phone to distract of from God , no computer to take us away from God . Just the sound of nature , in a way , that IS God's voice . 
I had the worst night , I am getting to stressed in this house . I can't sleep , I am so stressed I skipped classes today ... Maybe college isn't for me . 
Is sort of feeling like a double crosser ... I just led someone to Riverbluff , I didn't want them to come to FBC . She was new to the church experience and I wanted her to get a good church . It was a split second decision , did I make the right one ? 
Homework ... Nose , meet Grindstone . Grindstone , meet nose ... 
YES ! I never thought I would say this ... but skipping classes on monday was a great idea . I didn't miss anything and it left me with enough time to get my paper done 3 days before it is due , and enough time for my math studying ^^ Life is good . 
Cintron ... the best energy drink ever ! :D 
is wondering if you can grow marijuana on Farmville then sell it on Mafia Wars ? 
Please pray for me while I go through the 2 hardest tests of the semester . 
is getting a ride from Michael(my pastor ) , we are taking a 2 hour long trip to ash grove and back . What is it with me and pastors ? I always need them for something , wish it was the other way around :/ 
:/ I have a 3.4 GPA ... I need a 3.3 for honors , and I need a 3.6 to get into the Deans list :( I need 2 more points ! 
Is going to buy a Laptop next week . My < PROPMALE > price is $600 , anyone have any ideas for a good one ? 
Just got done with a 4 essay/50 minute Test ... wow , that was really tough , I finished in 50 minutes exactly , then I talked to another student after coming out and he said he gave all of them the weekend to finish since they weren't fast enough ( I had a computer ) ... that stinks ! 
Gone camping ^^ 
Had the best time Camping ! Now I have to upload some pictures and movies ^^ 
Please Dear Lord , help me with what I am going through , only you can help me now . 
is spending $120-200 dollars on a rainsuit , Waterproof backpack , Laptop bag , and facemask ... whew , cheap prices though . 
Is just now getting off work , what a loooong day . Now to set up my class shcedule ... 
lol , now that Marijuana is illeagal , they turn to other products , such as K2 incense herbal mix . It is complety leagal(for now ) and it gives you the same healing effects . I want to know who thought of smoking lawn grass and figured out it made them feel funny ... 
ugh , well my day just went down the drain ... 
it's 11 PM already ?! time flys when you are stressed . Good night FaceBook . 
Hates having to choose between 2 activies ... 
People think I am a little kid because I act different . People think that I can't handle most things because I act different . People think ... They are vastly wrong . I can handle anything and maybe even more than most beings . People say I can't hold the whole world on my shoulders , what they don't relize is , I don't . God does . He is holding me there too . 
my sister just gave birth to a baby girl !! :D 
hmmm , well I am done . I tried , I failed miserably , and now learned my lesson . 
played < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > at KillerBunnies , and won for the second time in a row , I should savor it while it lasts , since < PROPMALE > will beat me next time :( 
I wonder how many cups of coffee can be consumed before you go into epeleptic shock ... 5 one today . I feel sorry for my fellow speech students , they won't understand anything I say to them I will be talk so fast O.O 
Is so very happy !! My speech was the best speech i have done , everyone liked it and I pursuaded 2 people to live in vans XD 
Likes making new friends ! I made a new friend that was 25 years old(Tiffany < PROPFEMALE > ) that lives in Ireland . Then I made a friend who lives in L.A. ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) . I wonder if I am meant to make friends online instead of in real life ... seems easier . 
WOOT ! no work today ^^ I am so happy ! 
So , everyone is wanting that person to share their life with , but what if you don't have a life worth sharing ? does that mean you take theirs ? what if theirs is not worth taking ? would it then be classified that both of you are the same ? then would mean that for a relationship you need an opposite ? so then it would mean that to have a relationship you need positive and negative ? this relationship stuff is tough ... 
I find it quite funny ... NSA means National Security Agency , but do you know what they do ? they look at peoples lives to see if they are a threat , maybe they should rename to National Stalk Association ... 
Happy Thanks Giving Everyone ! 
Well ... my neice almost died , I almost broke a guys jaw , and my nephew almost got into an accident , all on thanksgiving , I guess I am thankful none of those things happened ! 
I bought a laptop ^^ it was 400 dollars , and it will arive wednesday or thursday ^^ 
is quickly finding out that my life I have now will not be able to live if I move out of my parents house . It will be more hectic , more stressful , and way more costly ... 
really wants to get rid of this stress by hanging out ... any takers ? 
Had a GREAT night last night , I am not sore at all either , I hope < PROPFEMALE > is though ... 
Paper for english - Done . research for Gov . - done . Math studying for test - not quite ... 
hmmm , what about a career in psychology ? 
is bored and wants to do something tonight . 
Fun facts of Missouri : Kansas City has more < PROPMALE > of boulevards than < PROPFIRST > and more fountains than any city except Rome . In 1865 Missouri became the first slave state to free its slaves . 
Woohoo ! God provides so much for me !! I get child support till I am 21 , that pays for my rent every month plus half of my food ! :D 
In < PROPFEMALE > we have \all you can eat\ " competitions while people across the globe starve to death ... " 
Ugh , can't wair for classes to be over with ... 
Please pray for my phlosophy teacher , he is in the hospital and it doesn't look good ... He is about 80 something years old , so we need a miracle :) 
is trying to think of clever things to say after inhaling helium .. . 
awesome !! my speech is done before class , thats a releif ... now for my math homework ... 
UGH ! my laptop is 2 hr 42 mins from my house ... why won't it get here already ! I might have to wait till monday ! :( 
please pray , I am doing my speech today ... 
Well ... I think my unprepared speech was way better than my prepared speech ... 
Is cloth shopping online , I can't wait , I have $100 dollars to buy 3 pants , 5 shirts , and a nice coat . 
Had an awesome night out on the town , or as cool people would say \painting the town red . \"" 
Time to do some hardcore homework 1 . ) 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper for Political Science . 2 . ) 6 < PROPFEMALE > research paper for English . 3 . ) algebra ... 4 . ) study for Philosophy finale ... 
† My blood donor saved my life † 
YES ! my laptop is at my house !! awe ... but now I have to go to work :( no time to pick it up , I will have to wait till 9 PM to use it ! I am going to cry :( 
ugh ! wants to be on his laptop right now ... :( 
AWESOME ! got my laptop set up to peak performance ! :D 
1 paper down , 1 more to go , and then study for my math Exam ... 
Yea ! $ 4,050 for spring semester , OTC costs $ 1,360 + books for the spring semester . that means I will get an extra + - $ 2,600 !! :D that helps a lot ! 
well ... My parents are going to KS thursday to look at some houses ... then they are leaving Missouri , I will be totally on my own in about 1 and 1/2 weeks * Gulp * 
is taking \incomplete\ " on all my classes . " 
Well , riding in 15 Degree weather while it is snowing and winds at 23mph , it gets pretty crazy ! 
ouch ! thats the 5th girl to ask me if I am gay in the last 2 weeks ! is that bad ? I know I am not , but is it how I am acting ? lol , I'm scared ... 
:( my Camera broke , That stinks ! 
Is so bored , no more school , what will I do ? 
FLDSMDFR ! 
so ... out of all my friends , anyone wants to teach me to drive ? my parents are moving very soon , and don't seem to have the time to teach me ... 
UGH !, I hate racism , people are so stupid sometimes , most people think racism is for black people only ; well , it's not ! white people get racist remarks aswell . White people were slaves at one time also !! stop fighting about being a different skin color and go back to your lives ! ugh ! 
I was a bit rude to this guy I barely talked to in class about a week ago . That same day in class he hands me a perfectly written out study guide for the first 2 units . I didn't even thank him(I have no idea why ) and then today he e-mails me and gives me the next 3 units , a comprehensive guide , I have no idea why , but he only sent it to me , no one else ! this guy is truly a man of God O.O 
I'm all alone ! theres no one here beside meeeee ! all alone at home , for 2 days , no parents :D 
Don't forget to brush !! 
oh my goodness ... isn't there like a limit on how many people one rec assistant can handle ? maybe 150 to much ?! 
Invites everyone to call him on his cell ( 1-417-522-9384 ) and leave a number rating for how well his answering machine message is ! 
is going to come to OTC everytime I need to upload pictures or a video , their upload speeds are incredible !! 
hmmm , anyone know where you can buy colored duct tape very near the square ? :( my ugly costum is not ready !! 
WOW ! my parents won't be back from KS till saturday !? and then they leave 4 days after that ... I am really alone in my house O.O 
well ... i was going to make Sodium Pentathol ( AKA Sodium Thiopentone ) , which is really easy to make , but then i looked at the side effects to the human body ... maybe I shouldn't make my truth serum . 
Good night Facebookers ... I am sleeping in my own house ... alone ... I am independant :D 
well , I normally cook for 3 people , now I have to cook for one person . this might take some pratice ... one person does not need 2 cans of cream of mushroom ... 
ugh ... please pray for me and my parents . 
lol , I love finding christmas gifts my parents buy for me :D They never were good liars 
well ... I did 3 Final Exams in 2 hours ... I don't know if that is really bad or good . 
Wow ! it's so hard to make christmas gifts ... 
Is opening his first Christmas gift of the year !!! I love traditions !!! 
wow ... I got a can opener for my first present ... Oh how I love my parents sense of humor ... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!! THE DAY WE HAVE ALL WAITED FOR , NOW WE CAN ALL HAVE PRESENTS !!!!!! 
oh ... it is 12 pm ... and my parents aren't up yet ... oh how much longer must I suffer ? 
It matters not how strait the gate , How charged with punishments the scroll . I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . ~ William < PROPMALE > Henley 
lol , I stay up late for no reason ... 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” God , help me to have that strength . 
UGH ! why won't things print like they are seen on the screen ?! :( 
Finally ! after years of searching the internet ... I found the newspaper article of me being attacked by those three dogs .. now to scan in the images ^^ 
well , God works in mysterious ways ... Gives me a job when I don't need it , and takes it away when I do lol . Time to go job searching for the first time in my life , Gonna be fun ! 
lol ... first virus ever ... very violent one at that , but it was gone in 10 minutes . I hate viruses ... 
I like to tape my thumbs to my hands to see what it would be like to be a dinosaur . 
whew , almost all clean for my party tonight ... so much cleaning ... 
((((((((((((((((((( HAPPY NEW YEAR ))))))))))))))))))))) ?????????????????????????????? ? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????? 
lol , I am the last person to want to join the military , but I looked into it more , and the one role that caught my eye , was The Navy SEALS . It is the hardest career to obtain . Should I look into this further , or should I try to stay away from something that will keep me away from my family ? Like have a job where I can leave my work at work , and my work life would never interfere with my home life . 
Whoa ! making plans with a large group is tough ! 
YAWN ! I am up to early ... wait ... I never went to sleep O.O 
Is so not ready for school to start up again ... still have to get my books ! 
hey , applications for a job are fun to fill out ... i never thought I would say that . 
lol ... I tried to take the trash out tonight , but as I tried to turn the door knob , I saw it was stuck . So I tried harder and harder , but to no avail . I then realized ... the door handle is frozen from the outside !! So ... me and my parents are stuck in my house till the door unfreezes ... or until I go out a window ... 
Please dear lord , make my parents truck run so they can move already O.O please ! 
Woohoo ! first day of classes went great ! My math Teacher is a 26 year old Japanese woman , my Psychology Teacher is a 40+ year old PhD/MA/LCP man from Washington state . Both are incredible , I am so glad I picked them . I hope my other teachers are like them . 
YES ! I am legally an Adult , I am Officially independent , and proudly a home owner . My parents are out the door , their truck is out of sight , how boy , what will I do with all this delight ?!?! 
Ahahaha ! The Gym basketball hoop broke off ! they swear they weren't dunking , they only threw the ball up there and it broke . lol , The whole hoop came off ! 
Ugh , staying up till 2 AM , then waking up at 5:30 ... that can't be good for a human being ... 
Going to my first biology class ever , this should be fun ... and very hard . 
Please pray for my friend , she is having Knee surgery :( 
Whoa ! lol i love this site , although ... I hate how we only have 42 years till all oil on earth is used up ... http://www.worldometers.info/ 
Black Ice = bad . Riding bike on Black Ice = Very bad . Riding bike on Black ice while carrying Laptop in backpack = Disastrous ... 
Night Facebook ... Yawn !! 
Pray for Haiti 
Well , If anyone wants to come to my house tonight , it is relatively clean . Come at your own risk . 
that was early ! I got my GED scholarship Accepted ! $900 of free money , now I am just waiting for my other 3 to be accepted . 
Ah ! My house smells so fresh ! I love carpet cleaning powder , My floors are mopped , my kitchen is bleached , my coffee pot is vinegared and My cats love it , they are rolling around on the ground lol . 
Well , First tharapy session went very well ^_^ , She thinks I am crazy , and I think I want her job :D 
WOOT ! my first time getting a mail , I got 4 letters ! one giving me my Visa debit card ^_^ 
Hmmm , so I have a question , If I get emancipated does my child support stop ? If it doesn't then I can get so much more Financial Aid . I hope it doesn't ... 
Up and ready to start a day with freinds :) 
Omg ... I am about to kill this kid ! I have never been so angry in my whole life . I can't touch him because he will scream like a little girl ... Ugh , I think God makes these kinds of kids just to make peoples lives unlivable ... 
You have to look for God to find yourself . 
well ... thats nice ... my dryer went out :/ I find it very funny . 
Why would anyone listen to Obama's wife over anyone else's ? She is no better than any other woman ... Niether are stars , supermodels , sports players . They , if anyone , are the ones you should be wary of , they don't have a lot of formal education . 
Just watched 500 Days of Summer . I am very upset with the girl , of course she had a choice , but leading a guy to believe something that is not true , is wrong . Also , the guy was too pushy and thought he controled the girl . I did , however , like that the end girl's name was autumn . 
lol , guys ... don't install/join a group that says to install a new facebook chat . Just look at the group photo , it is photoshopped . It is a prank , and goes against FB policy . They cannont Mod any thing on facebook . :P 
Today , while riding on my bike to school , I saw an accident . 3 car accident . One person didn't stop at a red and hit the back of one , and then that one hit the back of the third car . 
Did anyone wear red today ?! it was wear red for Haiti today .... 
* SCREAMS * why do Christians irritate me !? Why do Christians think they are so high above everyone else ?! I am so embarrassed to call my self a Christian , not because I won't stand up , but because everyone is quickly realizing that Christians are idiots that are stuck on themselves and have a warped view of God ! The number one reason people are turned away from God is because of Idiots who call themselves Christians . 
Wow , really ?! being white , I find this offensive ! http://www.blackatlas.com/ if any white guy did this , it would be off the internet in a millisecond ! ugh ... 
Yeah ! finally got my internet set up , I can now breathe ! 
is skipping my first class of the semester ... Darn rain . I need to get a car really soon . 
Is car shopping . So many great cars out there , which one to buy ^_^ 
lol ! too funny ... My back tire(the one I fixed only 6 days ago ) is flat again ... I am so glad I have awesome friends ! 
ugh ... walked to and from OTC , 10 mile walk . I think I found my car though . Acura Integra for $350 :D so , hopefully I should have this car before Monday ... hopefully . 
anyone wanna come over to my house ? I am cooking pancakes and bacon ! 
ugh ... I hate it when people back out of deals ... back to car shopping . 
me and my sister have such a good relationship , I said I would call her at 9 PM yesterday , and I forgot . So I woke up and called her at 6 AM , she hates me now ^^ 
YES !! the guy finally decided he wanted to sell the car and it will be mine fore the day is over ! woohoo , it pays to have a mechanic as a friend :D ! 
UGH !! won't get the car driving till tomorrow night , looks like I am walking to school and work . 
YEAH ! got my title . I am going over to a friends house to get an alternator , not sure if it will be put in tonight , but if it is , then I can drive to work tomorrow ! woot ! 
wow feels nice out side , anyone for a swim ? 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . You can ask me one question ( only in my INBOX . ) Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my full honesty . ( but i DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked ) lol this will be fun :D 
Is making his website finally ... although , I did give in a little but ... i broke down and used a WYSIWYG ... 
Whoa ! the bowling alleys have been running for 1 hour now , and NO BREAK DOWNS ! God is loving me today ! 
I love my friends ! my friend took a day off work because he wanted to get my car all cleaned up and ready for me when I got off work ! how awesome is that ?! 
YES ! in 10 minute i will be sitting in my brand new car ! 
I have a guardian angel ... first time driving alone ... I get boxed in my trailer park . A truck in front and a car in back . 4 people get out of the truck and come straight to my car , and one from the car behind ... one was carrying something , they look at me and notice I am not the person and apologize and leave ... first time driving , not even 1 minute out of my driveway ... ugh ! 
not to self about new car #1 : Heat car before leaving for school , or wear gloves . 
ahh ... Nice cup of Butterfinger cappuccino (?) , for 44 cent ^_^ 
Note to self about new car , #2 : Turn off lights when exiting the vehicle . 
I am horrible with directions !! 
73% tred tires , $10 . Set of springs to raise my car above normal height , $25 . driving an awesomly cool car , Priceless ! 
haha ! Good burger is a good movie ... 
good news : I drove in the rain , and didn't hit anyone . Bad news : I was diagnosed with autism and ADD ... hmmm ... maybe thats why I daydream all the time 
it's okay when kids < PROPMALE > the system , all you have to do is yell at them or say no . But some ... when you yell at them or say no , they like to fight back , and since it is in a church ... and not my kid ... that is really hard to teach a kid a lesson . 
woohoo , dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s house , Tilapia fish :D 
Awesome party at < PROPFIRST>'s house , thanks for coming guys ! 
YEAH ! watch the kolr 10 news at 6 , and 10 . also the fox news at 9 . Me and < PROPMALE > are on the news !!! 
Bouya ! who da handy man ? I am ^_^ . No dryer can outmatch me ! they only tumble in fear ! (pun intended ) 
:'( I think my cat is dieing ... 
You will always want what you had taken away from you , even if it was not that good . 
You can't change the past , but by looking there , you can change the future . 
Anyone read \Lolita\ " by Vladimir Nabokov or \ " Atlas Shrugged\ " by Ayn Rand ? " 
Shark attack ! swim away , swim away ! _______/\\______\\0/_____ 
Best Friends are the most important thing in the world to me . I would never trade them for anything . 
my 7 o'clock class got out 45 minutes early ... the only other class I have today is at 10 ... 
I haven't had an apple in about 4 months , I forgot how good they tasted ! 
I had an awesome person guide me home tonight ! 
< PROPFIRST > = An amazing guy who is so funny , and wonderful . Someone who can brighten anyone's day no matter how sad they are . He's sweet , and handsome . He can be sarcastic but he means no harm . He gets scared of nonscary things . His smile is adorable , and his laugh is too . ( this is the only one I could find that didn't contain R-rated material ... ) 
I saved 15% or more on car insurance by switching to Geico ! - is what I would have said if they would have allowed 17 year olds to purchase car insurance ... I had to settle with $160 a month with Progressive ... I really wanted a talking Gecko ... 
I was looking up more faces that look like me , and Obama came up ... oh boy ... 
Feels Awful . 
I quit my job at a helium gas factory , I refused to be spoken to in that tone ! 
lol buying food for tonights meal , I went to the store to buy pizza bread , I bought 6 packets and then came home , I noticed that each packet has 2 pizza crusts in it ... ugh , 12 pizzas huh ? 
Just figured out why you never buy 49 cent cake mix ... 
ugh ... Greek pizza for people who were raised on meat ... bad idea . Never make vegetarian food for meat lovers :/ 
This morning ... I heard someone knocking at my door , so I get up and open the door , My cat pushes past my leg ... They are learning O.o 
Will be sitting at home , doing class work , and NOT watching the Superbowl , like a normal human being ... mostly because I don't have a tv , but thats beside the point . 
Thanks guys for inviting me , it was fun ! Thanks for the table < PROPFIRST > ! and good job Saints ! 
All nighter ... went better than expected ... now I hear Springfield schools may close ? all for nothing ... 
So let's stop condemning each other . Decide instead to live in such a way that you will not cause another believer to stumble and fall . ~ Romans 14:13 , NLT 
Can't wait for my roommate to come ^_^ , its going to be so much fun ! 
My sister is pregnant ! .... I am yet another uncle ... i feel old . 
I am designing my home :) 
sorry to who ever got something from me posted on their walls ... I have to watch out for those spammers ... 
ugh .... I had to put OTC security on speed dial ... 4th time I left my lights on this month . I get A's in college , and can't seem to remember to TURN OFF MY LIGHTS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Derryberry , this is the first of 50 notifications >:D 
Is tearing apart my house , anyone wanna help ? 
Whew ! HQ's computer is back up ... Now time for some illegal activities ... 
Studies show , that there has been an increase in female babies born with longer tails ... I wonder if that is natures way of helping men know when women are happy ? 
Just got back from talking with my new friend in Christ , Lex . He has invited me to go with his friends ( youth group ) to Oklahoma and get to know all of them ... best part , all of them are Russian and can speak Russian 
Has a very awesome friend :) 
hmm , I am wondering , what are good boundaries to put on a girlfriend relationship ? No I am not going to date anytime soon , I am just wanting to make a list . 
ugh !! people should not operate bowling ally equipment without someone there who knows how to fix it ! it makes it hard on me :/ 
Never let younger girls get a hold of your laptop ... It could be life changing O.O 
Really needs to learn to keep his mouth shut . 
Is going for a jog on this fine day , anyone wanna join me ? 
lol ! my phone called 911 ... I got a police officer to call me back and ask if I was in immediate danger >.< 
Every time I talk on the phone , I feel as though I am the rudest person ... As if I am trying to < PROPFEMALE > up as soon as possible ... 
oh my ... I seem to have lost my Visa Debit card ... and here I thought I was responsible ... 
I restate my fact , I don't think anything bad ever happens to me . My debit card turned up , and I didn't have time to fully cancel it . Back to normal . 
OMGosh ! I am going to a prom with my best friend !! 
YEAH ! OTC under payed me last semester , I get $400 extra money :D 
Sorry to who ever I talked to today on Facebook , lol i probably was not me , but < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > lol . Just remember , It isn't me on Tuesdays lol . 
I took my IQ test from MENSA , and I got a 178 ! :D ... I had to pay an extra $100 for a real certificate , like with the little embossed stamp thing ... so I didn't , and they sent me a digital copy , which I will print and frame :) 
Congrats to the first girl to hug me that is within 6 years of my age and is outside my family . 
God once again watched out for me ... I left the stove burner on high last night , went to bed , woke up , and left for school , it has been on for 1 day ... and it burnt a pot holder and cought that on fire , but then stopped there . Wow ... I think I would die without him . 
Is leaving for church , I get to sleep in card board boxes :) all weekend . have fun FaceBook ! 
To whom it may concern ... I have temporarily lost my phone :S , so don't try calling it , you might get a hobo on the other end . 
Found my phone ... it was in the church on the window ledge ... 
????.. ??????? ???? 
Woot ! put 4 new spark plugs in my car . Wow , I never new they played that big of a part in making the car run faster . Next upgrade : Trans fluid , to make is shift faster , and Motor mounts to get rid of the vibrating . Then Struts , so I can go over hill with out my bottom end hitting . 
Got my first Ticket last night . Just as note to others , the date on the licence plate is NOT when you got the licence plate , it's when it expires :) 
Just spent 2 and 1/2 hours with Jehovah's Witnesses . That was fun , and interesting . most things people say about them are wrong . Yet ... I still find them a little different . However , they are nice people . 
I am finally registering my car , lol . I guess I should have done that 2 days after getting the car , but , oh well . 
hmmm , I am thinking about getting a tattoo ... not a huge one , but a small one . It would be of the Jesus fish . If you know the background on it , you would see why I would want one . However as a < PROPMALE > note : The Jesus fish is a sign of a practicing Christian . 
For inspection to work you must not have a cracked windshield ... so , I called around did some hustling , and got a window replacement worker to come to my house and replace my windshield for 140 , tomorrow I will have my car completely Registered :D ! 
I am sitting in my house waiting for my window to be replaced ... only about an hour and 20 minutes left ... 
< PROPFIRST > Horton is going to Pwn ( powerfully own ) < PROPFIRST > Valdez in the FPS A.V.A. Just to let all of facebook know :D ( I think I have a 0.05% < PROPMALE > I may eat these words ... ) 
I am a legal driver now ! My car is registered ! De0-X3U how awesome is that ? 1 
I could get used to < PROPFEMALE > living with me , Cooking breakfast ... hmmm , I'm alright with that ! 
Happy PI day !! 
Ugh ... I don't feel so good ... 
Went to the airport with my friend < PROPFEMALE > Briggs . We saw 3 people do the \run and jump hug and kiss\ " there ! I am so going back to people watch :D " 
Just sneezed 7 times in a row !! what a record , I feel great now ! :D 
Eating Shrimp Scampi !! taste SOOOOO good ! :D 
I am a stupid male , I use people to my benefit , I am selfish at most times , I am bull-headed , I lie , I always think I am right , I have to get the last word in , But hey ... I am human , and if you can't see I am trying to be a better person , then I feel for you . 
I dare you to ask me a question - . ^ http://www.formspring.me/KevinHorton It is totally anonymous , I won't know who asked me the question :) 
They do not fear bad news ; they confidently trust the LORD to care for them . Psalms 112:7 
I just shaved ... who is this person ?! 
I am making my budget ... an unexpected < PROPMALE > , I knew that would come up sometime lol . 
Is watching a movie ... Twilight . 
Why Did the Chicken Cross the Möbius Strip ?? To get to the same side ! haha ! 
Hmmm , morals out the window huh ? 
Yay for staying up all night and then going to SDC ... lol I wish I could get to bed ... 
Payed my $72 ticket , I was 2 days away from having a warrant for my arrest . See , I do bad things once in a while ... 
Just painted my Rims , WHOA ! they look new ^_^ 
This is Holy Week ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !! Let's lift up HIS name and make a statement !! When JESUS died on the cross , He died for YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed !! Praise the LORD Thanking YOU JESUS ~ Happy Easter Everyone 
Ummm , just forget what my previous comment on my status was ... it was worded wrong and was meaning something totally different then what I wrote ... why do I always do things like that ?! O.O lol 
Wow ... what are the chances ? My car blew out all four wheels last night , while in the driveway !! I guess it seems logical after wal-mart put the PSI to 110 , when the safety limit was 40 !! I am so going to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Why does God send people to hell ? God doesn't send anyone to Hell . You send yourself there . God has done everything He possibly can to keep you out of Hell and still leave you as a person with free will and not just a robot . That's the way He made us -- after His image , after His likeness , the power to say “yes” or the power to say “no , ” the power to reject our own Creator , and of course to take the consequences . 
When challenge comes your way , don't back down . Instead , rise up to it , Fight it , Conquer it . Some of the most famous humans in history were not talented men , but men who didn't back down when they hit resistance . 
I dare you to do something nice for someone you don't know . Just a random stranger , and do something nice for them . It could be as small as a smile or as big as buying them dinner . If you did this , post this as your status . 
awe ... my first easter with no parents :( 
BEST EASTER EVER ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Andrews , < PROPFEMALE > Briggs , < PROPFEMALE > Moore , < PROPFEMALE > Derryberry , < PROPFIRST > Valdez , and < PROPMALE > Stufflebeam for being my friends :D 
“Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking . ” Hmmm ... Is this true ? Because if you are a Christian you know that God is watching , so you don't do something wrong ... hmmmm 
Going to my first Baseball game ever ! :D except this time I get to play in it . 
YEAH ! my first game and got a Run ! I am super excited to play a sport this year ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > for teaching me ! 
Wants to make < PROPMALE > names for all my friends ... its so hard though ... 
When you can't see the bright side of life is it possible to polish the dull side ? 
Went shopping for real today , My fridge is stocked ! and cupboards overflowing . I used to hate putting groceries away , now it is a sign of getting older :) 
Wrap up of tonight : < PROPFEMALE > Briggs Beat a train with a flat tire ! My mom went to the ER , and is getting the medical care she really needed 4 month quicker ! ME AND < PROPFEMALE > Briggs RODE MOTOR CYCLES WITH 2 RANDOM STRANGERS !!! awesome night ! 
A True Friend is someone who is there beside you , through thick and thin . They are the ones you can tell things too without any judgmental looks . The ones that protect you from jerk Boyfriends/Girlfriends . The ones that tell you the hard truth and actually stay to help you work through it . If you have a True Friend , hold them tight , and never let them go , because they are as rare as pearls . 
Lord , strengthen us in the courage to confront evil with wise love rather than malice . 
Woot , guess who has an interview ! 
Just letting everyone know , All the groups/fan pages you are a part of might be \attending\ " \ " who wants a Free Ipad ? :D \ " This is a scam . Someone or a group of people have hacked into FB and made groups and fan pages show this on their wall . Don't click the link and you will be safe :) " 
Had my first race in my car today . I beat this guy , who had a much better car . After it was over , I slowed down because it isn't safe to speed , and he raced past me . Then he got pulled over by a cop ... the guy lost twice in the same minute . 
The new Youth Pastor < PROPMALE > Kennedy and his wife < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Kennedy are going to be very good new members of the youth group . 
Rule one for interviewing for a job : Wear pants , not shorts ... even if they are nice shorts . 
Attempt #2 at interviewing ... 
Went to my first fashion show today , thought everything was cool except for the bikini show , and how long it was lol . 
Just drove to Arkansas , jumped off a dock at night fully clothed , went shopping at walmart at 2:30 in the morning , and went to branson . What better friends can you have ?! 
UGH ! why is life as it is ... Why am I as I am ?! 
Softball game at 7:20 , field 5 , Killian Sports complex :) 
Well ... the game ... 29-10 , we were the 10 . They got 18 runs in the first inning :/ But who cares . I had fun . 
Ahhh * takes deep breath * Almost that time of year for landscaping :) 
Just figured out that I have 337.8 GB of unallocated space on my hard drive ... I could have been using all that space this whole time ... Nice move computer -.- 
Now has 2 partitions on my Hard Drive , one for Ubuntu 10.4 and Windows XP . Early birthday present to myself . 
went to Mc'donalds , I ordered 2 mcdoubles , and I got them AND a large fries , how awesome huh ?! thats what I thought , untill I saw my burgers had no pickles :( 
Baught cereal today ... I forgot how good it tastes !! I haven't had it in 2 and a half months ! 
today isn't going so well -.- 
Another awe inspiring day at McDonalds . 
Is a huge fan of \Chasing Cars\ " by Snow Patrol . " 
God finds you in the weirdest places . He helps you in the most unnatural ways . However , when you ask for him , he will be right there with you , 100% of the time . 
Met an awesome Christian girl last night , that shared my views . To bad I forgot to ask her for her last name ... 
I wish people would think before they spoke . It would really make this world a better place . 
“Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking . ” 
Oh life , oh life . Sometimes I wish you were a DVD player , so I could pause you . Sometimes I wish you were a game , so I would never have to play you again . Sometimes I wish you were a Math problem , so I could solve you . However , you are in your own category . I must play you out to the end . So my the best man win . 
If you make friends , knowing full well that you will move on with your life and leave them . Why makes friends ? if they make you happy , is that not using them ? wouldn't it be easier just to make friends with God , and only make acquaintances with humans ? it sure is less drama ... 
wow ... I defiantly recommend \The Book Of Eli\ " it is very inspiring :) " 
Hmmm , life's everyday questions ... 
Wants to have a bible study with friends ... but how does one go about doing this ? Certainly it is a bit harder than just hanging out , right ? 
my face still hurts ... from water being thrown in it ... I always thought that would only happen if I insulted a girl , hmmm guess not . 
One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year . Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year . If you have $10 billion dollars , and you spend $1 a second , you won't go broke for 317 years . The richest man in the world has $53.5 billion dollars . And people wonder why we have a poverty problem :/ 
Well ... thats why black people are better at sports ... They can absorb the sun better than white people ! Melanin , look it up :) 
I have one of the best friends a person could ask for . Thanks God . 
I think I may have broken something in my back ... I am having a hard time breathing and it hurts when ever I look down . I hope sleeping on it will change ... or I will die in my sleep , lets hope not the later :) 
Got a new snake . This time ... a rat snake , about 2.5 -3 feet long :) he is nice and doesn't bite lol . 
ouch ! my arms hurt . they are really bruised ... I bruise like a peach ! it's the second time they have been bruised like this in 2 weeks lol . 
Ho do I get over being Homophobic ? I find it makes me less useful for God . Cause I am really really homophobic :S 
working my first 9 hour day ... 11-8PM ... I hope I get to be on counter ... or this day will never end :( 
working from 5-10 , phone will off . 
awe ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Died last night ... As in \ < PROPFIRST > Dead sausages\ " :( " 
Well , I help my friend swap a transmission yesterday night . Then as I was driving home , my distributor blew ... That sucks . 
Got back home after driving to Kansas city and back . My car worked like a brand new one . Except ... my tire blew out . I don't know when it was blown out , but I say it was getting flat before I left . Now I think it was already eating away are the tire when I started the trip :/ at least it got me there and back lol . 
has a shirt made out of hemp ... I did not know that till my friend pointed it out . 
Gets the feeling someone wants me to go to Nebraska ... 
Another long and boring day . I hope my life changes soon . 
We are our own executioners 
Believing is not enough . Even Satan believes in God . 
Oh my ... a certain someone is going to be mad at me ... I fell asleep quickly after turning off my alarm ... then didn't wake up till 4 :S 
People can never make you act a certain way , nor think a certain way . It takes two to argue . Maybe it's time to start taking your life back . 
If I could have one food everyday for the rest of my life , it would be Cinnamon toast crunch ! I haven't had it in about 5 years , and then I had it tonight ... oh my ... it tastes sooooo Good . I think God eats it for breakfast . 
Sometimes , we have to hold our emotions back , because if we don't , they will take over our personalities like a cancer 
When you say a situation or a person is hopeless , you are slamming the door in the face of God 
Oh ... How I love wrestling :) 
Found my arch enemy ... She likes macs , and hates PC . She likes < PROPFEMALE > more than DC . Hates Google , but uses bing ... Oh . 
I just thought ... My dad never taught me to shave ... Are these things genetic ? 
“Of all created comforts , God is the lender ; you are the borrower , not the owner” 
hmmm , when you have friends living at your house , and then there mom comes over and starts Yelling at them for stupid things . At the moment , I think to myself , Boy , am I glad I have the parents God gave me . Thanks mom and dad for being there and backing me up , even when I was doing wrong :) 
You shouldn't always trust what people say , even if they cite sources . Best to make sure yourself . 
I fear one day I'll meet God , he'll sneeze and I won't know what to say . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > on my only day off , to meet parents I have never met before , having a BBQ with the parents of my neighbors . Something has to break my anti-socialness . 
“The survival of the fittest is the ageless law of nature , but the fittest are rarely the strong . The fittest are those endowed with the qualifications for adaptation , the ability to accept the inevitable and conform to the unavoidable , to harmonize with existing or changing conditions . ” 
Thinks that people should not add a friend's Facebook friend solely on their profile picture . They should Meet the person before adding on Facebook . 
Sometimes , I am just really glad my parents are poor , it helps with college :) 
Hello friends : There is a guy ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) who is going around adding my friends , and telling them I am madly in love with them . If you are one of these who has gotten this message , I apologize .. I have deleted him as a friend . Hopefully nothing like this happens again . To make it clear , I am not madly in love with any of my Facebook friends . 
well ... my radiator broke ... 
\I have often wondered what the 10 Commandments \ 
Why is everyone thinking about life all of the sudden ? It makes me look sane O.o 
Today was really bad . I called a girl a guy in the drive-thru . I Dropped 2 bags worth of fries on the ground . I even broke a girls credit car in half ... How I did that , I have no idea ... However , I did make a womans day . So I guess it wasn't a total loss :) 
Just figured out , get labor day weekend off :D 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
“We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence then , is not an act , but a habit . ” - Aristotle 
Finaly got my radiator in the mail . Put it in , and it runs great ! that means I didn't screw anything up :D 
Why is it hard to believe I have a blog ? O.o 
I have gotten more facebook friend requests in the last day than I have in 4 months O.O 
Can't wait for the Ren fest ! I have the perfect clothing . 
I have a puppy ... haven't named it yet though . she is so < PROPFEMALE > ... 
< PROPFEMALE > fell asleep by my side last night , she is an awesome dog :) 
If you are being tailgated , you are probably going too slow , The fast < PROPFIRST > is for people who are breaking the law , LET THEM O.O 
Now that I am filling better ... I can go on my camping trip , thanks goodness I am filling better :D 
Is having the worst pain of his life O.O My foot has an infection/poisen < PROPFEMALE > I think . Blisters galore . Also , to make it even worse , I sprained/Messed up my ankle because my foot was so swollen . So I have had a mildly bad day today :/ 
Facebook seems to be becoming a public diary ... 
My friend got his ear bit off today . I think thats why I don't get in fights :/ 
Male Friends : things that would normally impress guys , Rarely ever impress Women . 
Wow , going to a movie theater yet again ? thats like 3 times in one month ! That is crazy ... 
Had plans to go see twilight with some friends tonight . However it didn't work out . I am just glad they were all awesome about it . 
\Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work . \"" 
Facebook should have more Relationship status ' , like \Not ready\ " or \ " Not interested in dating yet\ " It would make life easier . " 
Locked my keys inside my car tonight ... Thanks to all McDonald's employees who helped me get them out ... 
Goodbye Integra :( 
Had an awesome time tonight ! My friends are awesome lol . 
My sister gave birth to < PROPFEMALE > , 10/05/10 12:38 am 6lbs . 11oz . 20\ long . I am yet again an uncle . " 
Finally has a TV ... it's been forever since I have ever watched a TV O.O 
just sneezed 5 time in a row ... I feel like I am in heaven right now :D ( i love sneezing ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Lettow , \What day is black friday on ? \"" 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > for beating me in an arm wrestle . Only the second person to beat me ... the first being my dad ... he got lucky . 
The 33 miners were rescued on the 33rd week of the year ; it took 33 days to drill down to them ; they were brought up to the surface on 10/13/10 which = 33 . They say Jesus , who was crucified at the age 33 , was with them the entire time . 
just spilt milk on < PROPFEMALE > ... she hates me 
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined , and that we can do nothing to change it , look before they cross the road . 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . 
I read online that your tongue can't reach your back teeth . I tried it , noticed I could , and then scrolled down ... it said I probably tried it before I finished reading it . I feel stupid . 
Oh my ... why can't I be a psychopathic killer ? Life would be so much easier . 
So where is that mythical girl who is attracted to nice guys ? 
I'm afraid to log in to my email at the library , I'm afraid somebody behind me looking at my monitor will see that my password is seven asterisks . hehe , I am geek 
I read a book about Mongolian literature . It was ok , I guess . It had its prose and Khans . 
What are you girl ... or something ? 
whew , having a warrant for your arrest can give you a sense of fear . Or it can give you a warm and loving feeling knowing someone is looking out for you :) Glad I don't have one anymore ... 
And here I thought I would never like anime ... I think I am in love with it O.O 
Got stomped by < PROPFEMALE > Sharp at bowling tonight ... It was a Ktaztrophe ... 
God makes three requests of his children : Do the best you can , where you are , with what you have , now 
Ugh ... went into work and spilt a bucket of mop water on the floor ... Then , me and 2 others had to push a 3 and a half ton truck out of the drive-thru ... I worked 9 hours , on 2 hours sleep ... Today was not all that good ... yet . 
To be nobody but yourself in a world that's doing its best to make you somebody else , is to fight the hardest battle you are ever going to fight . Never stop fighting 
So for people reading my status ' , I hardly ever write something with my own words it in . Mostly they are composed of quotes I find on the internet and would like to share with my friends . Just FYI . 
Beat < PROPFIRST > in an arm wrestle today ... Yes , < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > . I am very proud , and yes , I am aware I am boasting :P 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
Whatever course you decide upon , there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong . There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right . To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires courage . 
Back from kansas . My dog rode on my lap the whole way back . Spoiled ... Had a good time ! Parents loved my new car :) 
Ugh ... I cut myself shaving ... MY HEAD ! Yes ... I am bald now . 
< PROPFIRST > Lettow kicked the bucket today at work ... I think she pushes daisies around too ... 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
Vampires can't exist ... The < PROPFEMALE > reflects sunlight ... They would die day or night . 
< PROPFIRST > said that she had tunnel vision , she said it comes with age . I replied \Is that like cataracts ? \"" 
We turn to God for help when our foundations are shaking , only to learn that it is God who is shaking them . 
I shot my first gun tonight ! a handgun , thanks aunt < PROPFIRST > ! 
6-4 work shift .... didn't get a break till the 9th hour . stayed 2 hours longer . I am soooo dead right now 
I finally beat Fallout New Vegas . It was awesome , too bad it was so short ... and only 4 endings ... 
Good news : I get to work an over night ! Bad news : I have to come in at 1 AM , after working till 6 today . no sleep for me :( 
I finally beat < PROPFEMALE > Sharp at bowling ! 131 to 92 :D ( out oh about 9 games ) 
I am cleaning my house .... ewwww , it's nasty ... my fridge is the worst part .... 
Christmas shopping is sooo hard >:| 
watched Devil again . if you haven't watched it , you should ! not that scary , but the ending ties your brain in knots ! 
Cut my finger during shaving ... all the way through the nail ! how is that possible ? 
One of the worst day ever ... my hat blew off oout the drive -thru window , I got a horrible review at work , drivethru was flooded so my feet were wet for the remaining 5 hours of my 9 hour shift O.O I am exhausted . 
Had a great night with friends ! I am the Ninja master XD 
So , you know that tale about the daddy long-leg being the most poisonous spider ? it's a myth . Also , for your information , there are two types of them , one is called Daddy longleg which belongs to the Opiliones famliy , the other is called daddy longleg spider , which belongs to the Pholcidae family . Both can bite humans , but choose not too . lol ... confusing huh ? 
Woot ! got my car inspected . I am glad I know how to get down and dirty . It was passed , when it shouldn't have been . Sometimes smooth talking skills help you out in life ! 
Well , by UPGRADING my internet service to TWICE the speed , I SAVED 2 dollars a month ... I am glad I checked ... 
Oh humanity ... where have you gone ? 
It’s far more dangerous to assume people know what they’re talking about , than it is to assume they don’t and let them prove you wrong 
Me and my dog's first Christmas alone . I thinking of ideas for the morning of Christmas , maybe pancakes , maybe a Christmas movie , or give her a lot of wrapping paper to chew up . 
can't wait for classes to start up again at my college ... I am so excited :D 
that is why we should not outsource ... I call 8 different non-Americans , 6 hours total , and they all tell me different things . The second I get an american , he clears everything up in under 3 minutes ... at least I get credit for going through all this ... 
Ugh , I hate general education ... 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . 
My new years resolution : 1440x900 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
The hardest secrets to keep are the small ones . 
So < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > thinks she can beat me in a footrace ... I don't believe her ... 
I took my friends to the airport today . As we were leaving , we went around the \round-a-bout\ " 13 times . We even got a truck to follow us 4 rounds . It was great !! < PROPFIRST > Lettow < PROPFEMALE > Lettow < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Ugh , I wish there was an off button , just so I could not think about anything , ever . A mindless drone . I would enjoy life so much more . 
i keep my keys in my coat . I put my coat on the hanger at mcdonalds bathroom . i forgot it , now my car is locked and i an down one nice coat , my only coat . please let there be a key in my car ... 
just did a 360 on the battfield hill ... going up . in a station wagon , going 30 mph . that woke me up :D 
< PROPFEMALE > learned the to go button ... i am living proof . 
If I had a warning label , what would it say ? 
valentines day is soon , me and my puppy have a date :P 
WOOT ! I am going to compete in a jujitsu tournament ! I hope my friends come :S 
I just inhaled a peanut ... * cough * 
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life you have a thousand reasons to smile . 
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude . We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers 
I look like a bald Clive < PROPMALE > ... 
Trust is like a vase .. once it's broken , though you can fix it the vase will never be same again . 
lol , too funny ! google \recursion\ " ... most hilarious math joke ever . " 
30 hour fast , commences ... 
I would make $42.70 every two weeks if I were in the 1950 ... 
A woman in drive through said I had a very nice smile :D made my day ! 
The Great Debaters is now on my top 10 favorite movies list ! 
The Sixth Sense was awesome , can't believe the plot twist took me that long to figure out ... 
Just got the complete works of both Mozart and Bach , oh very happy day . 
Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , \I will try again tomorrow . " 
Completely bored . Haven't had a social life for 2 months . I think I am just going to people watch , less work involved . 
I've never smoked weed , been drunk , snuck out or skipped school , or done any drugs . Copy and paste this as your status . Whoever likes it thinks your lying . 
Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . 
ahh , parent hood , I don't think I will ever be ready for it . 
A True Friend is someone that knows everything about you and likes you anyway . < PROPFEMALE > Derryberry Is my True Friend :) 
Oh life , why do you taunt me so ? 
Lying in bed with my leg hurting really bad . I was so close to having to call someone to drive me home , I couldn't bend my leg to sit in my car . There must have been Kryptonite in those McChickens I ate O.o 
I just feel like letting go and crying my self to death . 
So I broke my leg yesterday , and now the doctor says I might have to amputate it :( 
Just did a 12 hour shift ending in closing the store . Now I have to go to bed so I can go in at 6AM and reopen the store ... 
Boy : Grandma , have you seen my pills , they were labeled LSD . Grandma : Forget the pills , have you seen the dragon in the kitchen ! 
Satan temping me with choices or God giving me opportunities . I can't figure out which one it is ... 
sore throat and a fever of 105.4 , gotta love being sick on your day off ... hmmm , maybe I might go out and take a walk . 
< PROPFEMALE > Black's Friday music video now has 2 million dislikes , only 250K likes ... Must be pretty bad . 
I enjoy listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I enjoy Romantic movies . I am fond of going on dates with my mother . I take delight in talking about feelings . I have more in common with most females than males . I am positive of my sexuality . I don't care who mocks me because of this , nor do I care if others think I am gay . It is their loss if they can't get over the fact that I am proud of who I am becoming . 
Official ... I am not moving . I am however enrolling in MSU for their Electrical Engineering program . So , for the next 4 years ( maybe sooner ) I will be in Springfield , MO . Hello new home . 
Ugh ... There is a certain personality I really do hate . It's not what they say , or even how they say it , it's just what is said came from them . I am very tolerant , but this certain personality makes me want to own a gun O.o 
Had an awesome time hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Sidebottom ! 
Osama is dead ... Ironically , today marks the 8th anniversary of < PROPFIRST > W . Bush's \mission accomplished\ " speech . " 
living on a deserted island alone is sounding pretty nice right now ... 
Proverbs 24:17 -18 ---- \ 
\ 
17 Don’t rejoice when your enemies fall ;\ 
don’t be happy when they stumble . \ 
18 For the Lord will be displeased with you\ 
and will turn his anger away from them 
So I called my mom twice on mothers day . Because a woman that amazingly tough and awesome , a woman who raised me , and a woman who is helping me achieve my life goals deserves more than 1 phone call :) I Love You Mother . 
That just relieved SO MUCH STRESS !! Thank you God :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Briggs - Modern day < PROPFEMALE > Parks ! 
\IT'S SO FLUFFY !!! \"" 
\Are you wearing the same bra too !? \ " said to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I firmly agree Criticism , if not constructive , should not leave a persons mouth unless he wants it shoved back in . 
whoa , just firgured this out ! If you type your facebook password on your status ( or messages ) it comes up as asterisks . lol , nice thinking Facebook . Proof : *********** 
It is better to try and fail , rather than to never try at all . 
\Eat jelly beans ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Mic " 
My pipe broke under my sink today . I fixed it with : A rubber glove , lanyard , scissors and a paper clip :) 
I just got beat up by 4 females . I just finished cleaning my bruises and gashes . Hopefully they don't know where I live >.< < PROPFEMALE > Briggs < PROPFEMALE > Andrews < PROPFEMALE > Moore Haylie Watson 
Going to find shelter . My parents love so much :) 
Broke someones foot 3 days ago , and now everyone in Mcdonalds knows ... They give me room now , nice to have elbow room XD 
all college text books online = $162 , compared to $439 if bought from OTC O.o 
lol , Westboro Baptist Church ... you disgust me . Once I get over how stupid and misled you are , I might feel sorry for you . 
from now on , I shall be called \kevin Flag raiser !!! \"" 
Off to Kansas city .... 
Yeah ... guess who saw Yakov in person ... TWICE !! :D I had a youth pastor once that made him laugh is Yakov ( yak-off ) . 
My new life motto : Wabi-Sabi 
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words . 
Oh my ... My life schedule for the next 8 weeks means I am going to be pretty much a zombie and a recluse ... 3AM-12PM work , 1- 3:50 Spanish , 4- 5:15 math , then 2 hours of study , sleep and repeat .... 
First class of the semester , here I come ! O.O 
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence . Talent will not ; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent . Genius will not ; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb . Education will not ; the world is full of educated derelicts . Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent . The slogan \press on\ " has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race " 
I just realized ... I have 123 friends ... I will not add anyone else ... 
Oh world ... I have nothing to say to you . 
Why can't I get 10,000 hugs , from humans :/ 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
I cannot even explain how happy I am that my friends remembered my favorite kind of birthday cake , and actually made it :) so happy I might cry :P 
My books finally came in the mail ... one is brand new , original shrink rap . The other is new without the packaging . I will be making a profit off this year's books . 
hmm .... not too good , but I can run 40 yards in 4.8 seconds ... I need'a be faster ... 
I am Awesome , without me , it would be Aweso .... 
Woman was taken out of man ; not out of his head to top him , nor out of his feet to be trampled underfoot ; but out of his side to be equal to him , under his arm to be protected , and near his heart to be loved 
I really want to take a road trip ... I wonder where I will go and who will go with me .... 
Some people need to be punched in the face ! Just so they will remember to be nicer in the future . 
Obama ... the leader of out nation . Obama + Nation = ? hehe , I don't hate Obama , just thought it was a great play on words . 
Wake up ! If you knew for certain you had a terminal illness -- if you had little time left to live -- you would waste precious little of it ! Well , I'm telling you ... you do have a terminal illness : It's called birth . You don't have more than a few years left . No one does ! So be happy now , without reason -- or you will never be at all . 
If you ever need photos taken , contact < PROPFEMALE > Briggs . She majors in photography and minors in mental health . Great listener ! 
In a moment of decision , the best thing you can do is the right thing to do , the next best thing is the wrong thing , and the worst thing you can do is nothing . 
To all my friends : Just talk with me first before dishing $700 dollars on an electronic , chances are VERY good you can get it for $200 ... Btw , bought a $45 laptop cord for $1.15 ... yes , a dollar . Btw , if you have computer issue , call me before spending $99 to get a virus off , lol it takes minutes most issues . 
