tomorrow is going to be a loooooooonnnng day 

getin ready for church camp ! i cant wait to go 
hume lake was ssssooooooooooooo fun 
imma < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > today ... I CANT WAIT TO DRIVE !! 
how can i change my main picture ???? 
i wanna delete my myspace !!! 
ilhwtmtbb 
ahhhh i dont want to go to the dentist later !!!! 
i cant wait till tomorrow :) 
i had a looong day . but it was really fun 
i had a better day than < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i cant wait to leave tomorrow !!!! 
lake mead was amazin ! 
boreddddddd 
the lake was amazinggg 
i wanna go back tooo school 
i had an amazing day today :) 
its the last day of summerr !!! :( 
does anybody play farmville ??!! 
anybody who plays farmville add me as a neighbor !!! please 
last night was crazy ... got evacuaded from wrightwood . hopefully my house doesnt burn down 
i hate when you end something and later on find out its all you really wanted 
paranormal activity is the stupidest move in the worlddd 
GO CHARGERSSS !!!!! 
ah facebook is stupid nowww 
wrist hurts :/ 
f yghuijo[kp]lm nobj , mvcbfxzwx cvbnmp [ , 
irwichcbima ... bswtmba ... 
today was a good day :) 
does anybody know where i can watch the eagles game !!! 
whats on your mind ? 
any one wanna go snowboardin tomorrow ?? 
I know we’re takin’ chances , you told me life was a riskBut I have just one last question Will it be my heart or will it be his ? 
mt high is AMAZING 
did anyone go to mt high tonight ?? 
mt high was tight 
ah 4 test tomorrow !!! 
definantlyy switchin outta ap bio next semester .. i hate those dang reading guides 
snowboardin was great today !! 
does anyone know if the football game is at home saturday ? 
but i dont wanna go to school !! ha 
i wish i could rewind my life and go back six months ago 
i have only had my cast off for 10 days and i already broke my other arm 
snow !! 
mt high sucked todayy 
gahh just got home from down the hill .. was on the free way forever 
cant wait to get up to wrightwood 
i want an ipad !!! 
go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name this is mine : Hot , attractive , intelligent male . Known for his all American good looks , dry humor and sarcasm . Funny , witty and modest . < PROPMALE > is a well rounded , great friend , boyfriend , husband , etc . 
whats the new facebook layout i havent got it yet ? 
great day 
cant believe i won the mt high sweepstakes thing 
cant wait till tomorrow !!! 
Today was sick , got to ride with MFM for the whole day , he throws down !!! 
think imma go up to mt high tomorrow .. saw shutter island tonight it was amazin 
I've been roaming around , I was looking down at all I see Painted faces fill the places I can't reach You know that I could use somebody 
hey hey hey join my group or become a fan or somethin 
new phone ! give me your number ! 
mt high was way to ICY today 
really dont feel like doing bio homework 
CAHSEE WAS SO EASY 
if n = 12 what does -n equal . ARE YOU KIDDING ?? 
Ask me anything and everything at -----> http://formspring.me/chadladage 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/chadladage 
goodnight ... 
shoot crazy dreaamm ! 
??? p ? l p ??? 
tonight is wayyyyy to boring .. imma go to bed 
http://www.formspring.me/chadladage 
it better not rain tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
cant wait till tomorrow !!!! 
i love my new truck !!! 
spring break was amazing i did soooo many fun thingss kinda excited to go back to school thooo 
((((: 
I need a job !! 
eff i guess i should start my homeworkk 
has anyone finished the cross word puzzles for mr reeds ??? 
why am i going to school !!! its snowin outside !! 
great day .. woke up went to the track came home and watched movies 
really wish she didntt get her phone taken awayyy 
i dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow !!!!! 
cant wait for summer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 9 more days of school 
i cant believe it snowed last night 
about to leave for the weekend ! going to the river :D 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
greatt weekend !!!!!! 
just got a job at in-n-out :D 
party was prettyy fun !! hopefully the start of an amazing summer 
summer is kinda boring so farr 
what should do todayy ??? 
kobe's on fire !!!!!! 
1st person to like my status ; will comment ur pro pic . 2nd ; will tell u ur best feature . 3rd ; have u dare me to do something . 4th ; tell u what i like about u . 5th ; will tell u how i really feel about u . 6th ; tell u why were cool . & 7th ; tell u what i don't like about u 
Poke Me If You've Ever Had A Crush On Me . Like This Status If You Think I'm Cool . Put A Smile If We Are Friends :) Put An Angry Face If You Don't Like Me :( Put A Heart If You Want To Be More Than Friends ? Inbox Me If You Have Ever Wanted A Relationship .. Now Let's See Who Is Brave Enough To Copy This . 
Like This And I'll Tell You What I Don't Like About You 
i wish i was going to hume ! 
Gah I want an iPad !!!!!!! 
like this status and I'll tell you what I like , love , dislike , and a confession about you 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get 
i love freaks who cant just text you from a regular number 
does anyone live in spring valley lake ? 
it smellssssss great out side ha 
i would get a ticket :/ 
text me !! \ 
76606697883 
does anyone know when we will get our schedules of school ?? 
aerosmith concert was greattt !! 
gotta raise :D 
anyone get their schedules yet ?? 
now that schools here .... i dont want it to start again 
wow i love rumors .......... NOT 
work was super funny today hahahaha 
that cruise was sooooo fun ... i still feel like im rockin thoughhh 
cant wait till mt high opens 
just bought my skate banana !!!! 
82 days till winter starts ! 
got the banana !!!!!!!!!!!! 
today is so boring ..... 
I cant wait till it snows ! 
First black out at work :D Hahah 
Like\ this and I'll tell you what I like and/or love about you ! " 
mt highs blowin snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mt high might open tomorrow !!!!!!!! cant waitttttttttt 
First chair of the season ! 
Me+ _____ = Perfect couple . Post and see who you get ! 
Lets go eagles ! 
snow in Wrightwood say what ?? :D 
anyone going up to mt high tomorrow ?? 
did serrano play/win tonight ?? 
got my raise today :D 
greatttt day !! 
Pick a number between 0 & 5400 lol send it to my inboxx & then ill write about you in my statuss (( 
< PROPMALE > Ladage\ 
#99 . you seem really chill and ur super beautiful but it seems like u always go for the wrong guys hah 
#1234 i never thought an asian wold be sooo good at snowboarding 
53 slutttt 
High school is flying by ..... 
I hate this weather ! 
Droid :D 
Cant Believe we beat 29s record today 
Anyone going up to the mountain tomorrow ?? 
Who's going up to the mt tomorrow 
Only four and a half more hours to go 
Really don't want to go to school tomorrow 
P90X ...... 
Might snow on monday !!!!! 
ughh 
Green And yellow might be the worst song I have ever heard 
Steelers Are comin back !! 
You know what it is ..... 
Snow !!!!! Finally ! 
13 Degrees !!!!! 
Like this status and u can ask me any question and I'll answer it honest \ 
( send the question to my message box ) 
nothin to doooooooooooooooo 
Can't Wait till summertime 
Pick a number between 0 & 5400 lol send it to my inboxx & then ill write about you in my statuss 
1001 ... your beautiful . fun to talk to . and seem pretty chill but idk if i should even try since your never text me back .. ever ! 
1000 .. geez i havent seen u in forever !!!!!!! But today i saw a shirt that said downey on it and thought of u hahahah 
2222 . your pretty tight . we've had some crazy times haha 
14 ! i wish u were still in one of my classes so i could get allll the work from u hahaha 
12 . your pretty damn funny . and fun to work with . sorry your wife is cheating on you with me 
2700 . how the hell did u get so good at snowboarding in two years .. its < PROPFEMALE > awkward 
810 . never really met you but always heard you were pretty chill . you should hit me up some time so we can < PROPFEMALE > out 
7 . ahaha i still thinkk ur in love with nate .. ur cute though 
4444 . why arent you in my english class this year !!!! welll i always thought you were sooooo pretty but u never talk to me hah 
33 . amazin last girl friend 
5400 ..... text me back ! 
123 . i dont think ive ever talked to u in my lifeee 
752 .. coolest name ever .. even ur middle name hahahhaha ... we still gotta go swimin !!!!!!!!!! text < PROPFEMALE > 
69 .. ha wowwww u would .. i wish we were still friends like we were when we were little . wow way to many w's 
90210 .. we should get ot know each other hahaha text me 7606697883 
Sooooooooooo . Busy 
17 ! I miss you . We gotta < PROPFEMALE > out soon !! I wish things at the river went smoother hahaha 
This weather needs to go away !!! 
Just ate a 3x3 and a doubledouble 
Single or NOT , put this as your status and see what you get in your INBOX ! :) \ 
A = I like you\ 
B = I really like you\ 
C = I like you but I'm to shy to tell you\ 
D= I want a relationship\ 
E = I think your cute\ 
F = I'm falling for you\ 
G = I want to do something with you\ 
H = hug me next time I see you\ 
I = I hate you\ 
J = we should < PROPFEMALE > out sometime\ 
K = your mean to me\ 
.. This is what happens when you're bored (: 
snow day ? hopefully 
words with \ 
friends ? 
so You should ask me a question no matter what I will answer honest if your not scared copy and paste this on your profile ! 
I think I might be addicted to in-n-out 
anyone wannna skypee ? 
