So my good friends . What has those from Cloverleaf been doing for the post oh I dont know ... 2 ... 3 years ? been awhile to you all . 

God someone needs to save me from this song !! If your curious just youtube up crazy loop and click on the first video . be warned tho that prolonged exposure to this song will keep you stuck to it for oh i dont know ... FOREVER ! 
At a beach chillin ... kinda bored though ... yeah 
Whats on my mind ? I shall tell you right now ... teh games server is back up so awesome to that . 
Holy heck audiosurf is the most amazing way to listen to your music ... best ... game ... ever ... 
is ready to be completely engrossed with school here soon . Bring it on education ! 
\Don't beg for things . Do it yourself or else you wont get anything . \"" 
DFO is one intense mmo arcade beat em up . 
< PROPFIRST > Jervis : Doing it for the LOLZ since 1992 . 
Ninjas hangout in laundromats . i knew there was a reason why I wasnt a fan of being at those places and now I knows it because i can sense ninjas ... huh who knew . 
Super Saiyan Robot Gundam Action Time Show GO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Don't roll with the punches ! Freaking dodge them and deliver your own swift uppercut to life ! 
is always on Facebook because he never turns his laptop off nor logs out of anything so deal with it . 
Who here knows what DFO is ? And if you dont then you should and I'll never forgive you for not knowing ... NEVER !! 
Ima possibly stab ya !... If you hand me a knife and stand REALLY still ! 
is not being lazy , he is on energy saver mode . 
Bored . Practicing my guitar a little before finishing up work . 
< PROPFIRST>'s challenge #1 :( For those who play the guitar ) Play the Gerudo's Valley song from Legend of < PROPFEMALE > . If your pro then I demand proof ! That is all . 
( > ^ (>0_0)> so what is that exactly ? believe it can be any number of things really . A surprise hug perhaps ? Or maybe ...? leave your ideas or whatever I dont care . 
Forgive them , even if they are not sorry . 
If I was in the military i would be like Jensen from The Losers because i am pro like that . 
Bought a fedora the other day becaue < PROPFIRST > thinks he is pro ... yep thats pretty much the only reason actually ... and they look cool but thats beside the point . 
Hoo boy . School this week . Awesome . Cant wait . Gonna be another rockin year at Medina . * This message has been brought to you by sarcasm * 
I am , I am everyone , everywhere , anyhow , anyway , anywhere , any \ 
\ 
day ! 
Listening to some pretty epic trance . 
Currently working on an Adobe Flash project . If successful it shall be released for the whole internet to view . 
Halo Reach comes out tomorrow . I still have yet to order it lol might want to do that huh ? 
Anybody interested in buying a 360 120gb hard drive from me ??? lol jeez I hate poorness :p 
Nothing like a match of Team Snipers and then your whole team quits and you are stuck fighting off the opposing team . It does not work at all . Jerks . 
Thinking about the military scene . Mix it up a bit . Havent told family yet though mom will see it on here for sure . Might go to the marines and if i dont pass basic then i would have atleast built some character .... yep ima do it . argue with me i dont care ppl . my mind is made up . 
Marines :\ 
Where you can travel to far away lands . \ 
Meet exotic people ... and kill them . 
Boom your a phantom . 
Don't forget ... KFA . I am a proud KFA supporter ! 
My word I do believe its time to dabble in some haircuts eh watson ? 
Rules of the internet anybody ? What is rule 30 hm ? 
Just killed the Pope for the second time ... wait .... does that sound bad ? Well regardless it is true . 
I demand a piano ... or a harp ... yeah choose the harp . I can strangle meh enemies with a harp . 
* insert obscure inside joke or statement that nobody else will understand , other than you , here * 
Anybody have any spare pianos or keyboards they dont need ? Preferably keyboards cuz pianos are usually perty heavy lol 
ALL HEIL DAS TECHNOVIKING !!!! 
Why cant you see it ? There is a light that brightly shines inside yourself . 
Making a forum for people to get together and plan matches and tournaments for Halo Reach . Possibly making half of it for CoD also but not sure . If you want to know when its done and how its gonna work just hit me up with a message or something . Peace . 
I like when little kids in Halo spout off about pwning in the match when its just you vs three others ... until you are winning by 10 kills and have assassinated that kid a few times and then he quits . Then I really like it . Oh what a world we live in eh ? Anywho I won that maych by myself . Me vs three other dudes ? ha easy win . 
Anything but Skagzilla !!! NOEZ !!!! 
Banelings banelings banelings OHHHHHH !! 
How do I shot web ? 
Must be cold in outer space around this time of year . 
Gamecube on my laptop ? Done deal . GC games playable on laptop also ? Most definitely . 
Did you guys see the giant dragon that was flying around outside today ? Me neither , there was way too much snow in the way ! 
Just tried Starcraft 2 on my laptop . It works great so now im gonna actually purchase it * cough cough * <.< >.> 
Protoss , Terran , or Zerg ? Choose wisely . 
Probe/SCV/Drone rush ? D: 
Forgive them ~ Even if they are not sorry ~ all the vultures ~ and bootleggers at the door waiting ~ You are looking ~ For your own voice but hear nothing ~ 
ROCK .... ROBOT ROCK ... 
haircut haircut haircut haircuuuuuut ~ Sometime this week ~ Bout time ! 
I refuse to change to the new profile until they force it upon me ! I am not facebooks dog ! lol 
loves when someone calls you a computer nerd because you know about internet memes and that they called you that in an attempt to insult you . Also when they tell you to get a life . Good job nubcakes . You fail at the game known as trolling . You may want to /ragequit all over the place . 
Bring up how much better Halo Reach multiplayer is than Black Ops multiplayer while attending a Black Ops only tournament then get out alive and without getting trolled and flamed ?... Challenge accepted . 
slender man is whats gonna end the world in 2012 . hooray . 
Haircut ... accomplished . Length .... minimal . Style .... nonexistent . Care cup ... empty . A job well done . 
Only < PROPMALE > can kick < PROPFIRST > Kardashian off his stage . Keyphrase- HIS stage . 
Going to be signing up for the Delayed Entry Program here soon for the Marines . Need to take the actual ASVAB and all that good stuff . Lets hope I can get higher than I did on the practice one , a measly 50 . If all goes to plan I'll be shipping out to bootcamp this November . Hoorah sounds like fun . 
Did < PROPFIRST > Sheen just turn into an Internet Meme ? 
Anyone else here think that < PROPMALE > Mars ' song Grenade was retarded at first ? Just to find out its actually pretty good after listening to it a bit ? Crazy . Might just be me . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen as one giant troll of the world ? Boss Troll ???? Amazing . He is WINNING . WINNING at the world . 
Don't taze me bro . I got tiger blood . 
If I was to post WINNING under most of the status ' I see would that be considered trolling ? 
Thanks for all the wishes of happiness on the day of my birth guys . 
Playing Minecraft . You know ... the one I got for free . Full version right now but for free lol its like a blocky runefactory . Interesting though . If anyone wants a free version hit me up . I got yo back . 
Dude guys .... Dungeon Fighter Online .... is coming to the 360 .... amazing ... 
