I love it when ppl ignore me but when i miss a txt 4rum them they flip out . Hippocrits . Gotta love em . 

Come on ppl . If i didnt like u i wouldnt waste my time with you or even have u on my fb . End of discussion . 
So i proposed to knox under the stars . We agreed to stay engaged for a while so no bells any time soon . 
Havin a great day ! 
Had another amazing day ! 
Never thought id be so happy ! 
So earlier i thought i was happy . I was wrong . Now im happier then hell . Made my night ! You are amazing < PROPFEMALE > ! I am thrilled 2 b in your life . Moving 2 ga was a wonderful change for me . Love ya ! 
Finalay gettin back 2 sleep . Woke up 7am 2 find knox still playin the 360 . Wasnt very happy ... Going back 2 bed now . 
Ok so knox didnt go 2 jail . He just ows 300 by october :( blah . 
I love being able to use internet hehe . my family file is unfinished , waiting for photos for sum ppl . <3 
Going to relax and watch knox play the 360 
I miss my daughter so much ... it hurts ... 
I have decided a date ... * private * 
Went 2 work with knox 2day . Getting ready to head home 2 feed my lil sabora . 
had a great night with the kids , both went to sleep about 9:30 . was rejuvinating :) 
Wore out . Tired but dont wanna sleep . Want 2 b able 2 sleep 2night . 
Had a rly good last few days 
Watching igor by my lonesome ... 
i lost weight !!!!! YAY fucking YAY !!!!! 
Can't stand hippocrits ... hate my past ... wish i could just forget and move on all the way . just < PROPFEMALE > much pain from it .... 
poor faith , gunna keep a good eye on her . shes so precious xo im here for ya < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I was the man last night muahahahaha . 
Sum one tried walking through my front door till they saw me with knoxs gun by my side . He ran . 
Morning sickness or over-heated ? Bum bum bummm ... 
Pondering the future 
Happy with my Knoxy man and my < PROPFEMALE > sugar 
busy busy morning , hey , its all most done ! < PROPFEMALE > is doing an AMAZING job with this babyshower !!! AMAZING !!! 
children going for a ride while us ladies work on the house some more . < PROPFIRST > I hope you love it !!!!!!!! Its really awsome ^.^ 
Baby shower was entertaining and fun . A lil tired . Cant wait 4 knox 2 be home with me 
A possible event in 2013 
Dungeons n dragons was awsome 2day . Killed a deity and rip krag . U will be remembered . 
A bit wheazy 2day hard 2 breath . Watching league of extrodinary men . Blah . Bored . 
Talked to my mom and dad < PROPMALE > bout 2013 and im so relieved they are ok bout it . Now just have 2 talk 2 aunts and knoxs family heh . 
3 years plenty of time 2 wait right ? Well 2.5 lol 
A thriller wedding ? 
has the chills ... a lil creaped out ... recovering soon hopefully . 
< PROPMALE > is re creating the moment ... lets see how this plays out .... 
Stop being chincy with teh chicken !! 
am I really wanted ?? 
almost have enough money to fly to see my kid for her 5th birthday !! October 26th !! shes growing up so fast . can't wait to be stable enough to go for custody of her ! 
Is In love 
In a lot of pain 2day . Chills abdomin pain and vomit . Been up off n on since 8 with the pain . 
I want 2 play :( 
Wanting some excitement ! 
Its hard when pieces of ones past haunts ya . 
I dont care what they think . If they dont like our decisions then they can f@#% themselves .. 
Feeling a < PROPMALE > in tune .. sad . Happy . Spiritual . Wanted . Hated . Half full so to say . Artistic and dark . Hmmm 
I secretly live in ur basement ... 
I feel alone with out you . 
I got new goods n the mail . Thanks mom ! 
At huddle house all dressed up . I put eyeliner on knox he super sexy hehe 
Writing an interesting roleplay .. 
hangen with meh best pals :) gunna chat with my kid in the morning then perhaps movies and sexy cake later in the day tomorrow :) 
ok tired , going to bed . take care FB . 
THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for an awsome morning :) did not expect it hehehe . LOVE you ALL 
Flying 2morow . Be back in a week . Gunna miss every one ! Im sad and happy at the same time . 
Sitting at the airport . Waiting 4 my flight ! 
In and out of wireless service . I miss my man knox and my friends.so much ! 
Kumori is 5 today ! 
Headding 2 the airport . Be in < PROPFEMALE > around 9.55 pm or so . Xoxo 
I mean 8.55 ish not 9ish lol 
Im home every one lol . Back 2 work eh ? 
.. say youll haunt me .. I wanna know if i belong to you ... Say youll haunt me ... 
Happy halloween every one . 
Had a quiet halloween . Got dressed up . 
Had an amazing night . Passed out hardcore . Goin 4 sushi 2day . 
Why are u screaming , i havent even cut you yet ... 
Big chunk of tooth just broke off . My mouth is on fire !! 
Feeling out of touch with the world and the people around me . 
Sick i suppose .. very busy day 2day n knox wont get up >:( 
Creative and spiritual 
Feeling better . Bored . and very frisky ! 
Depressed . Cooped up . Unsatisfied . Never any time 2gether any more ... 
Feeling better that we talked . Wanting 2 visit friends soon ! 
Doin laundry at the 24 hr laundry < PROPMALE > .. What joy 
Knox works all week . At least he has sunday off . Any plans ? 
Wish i had sum one 2 < PROPFEMALE > with . 
Wish i had a car 2 drive so i can visit friends . 
Got mistaken 4 the hookers on my street . Knox came 2 my rercue . No walks 4 me lol . 
Missing the robinsons . 
new pics of kid up . at the Arno's house waiting for knox to get home . 
I <3 Nekromantix 
I could use a good drink n sum fun ! 
Saw cloverfield . Bored me . 
Going on a < PROPMALE > photo walk sunday . Knoxs 1st day off n a while . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is in heat . And by < PROPFEMALE > i mean sabora . Driving us nuts ! 
Started my day late . Is sad . 
Got rained on in the < PROPMALE > . It was hawt . 
Going back 2 bed . Ebv kicking my butt . Eyes burn . :( 
Ish still tired . Take this ebv away 4rum me ! 
I ated taco < PROPFEMALE > . My head hurts now . 
Going threw all my music 4 a massive playlist ! I is bored :( 
Playin the 360 for now . Still bored 
We need a new car . Knox keeps getting pulled over cus its problems :( 
ok going to go to bed for a few hours ... be up soon lol 
Kinky plans ... kinky hehe 
What to do on knox's next day off .. Hmm . 
My tummy hurts 2day :( 
Wish i had a computer 2 play cataclysm on . I wanna play wow ! 
have to buy a new phone . it fell in the toilett :( i sowwie ppl . out of service for a bit . going to the store 2morow ! hopefully .... 
Got a new phone had 2 pay 69 for it cus they where out of stock of all the deals . Pist me off ! No cash till the 8th :( im depressed . Txt me ppl with ur name so we can get ur number 
Wishing i could see my daughter for christmas . 
Knox just called 2 tell me he lost his wallet .. It had over 200 in < PROPMALE > money in it . Wonderful eh ? 
Yay he found it . A co worker had it apparently he lost it yesterday . And all is 2 b counted for ! Yay lol . 
At laundry < PROPMALE > again . Washing sum things . Blah blah . 
< PROPFEMALE > ale with whiskey and dark chocolate is heaven in my mouth ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until monday there should be \ 
no ... human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for \ 
violence against children 
what to do for x-mas , Knox is starting a new job so monies shall be short :( 
Sin like you mean it or dont sin at all . 
Need sum excitement 
Woke up nearly every hour last night . Hard 2 sleep on 2 twin beds when they r broken :( 
Bored 
sad ... i miss the phone ... at the arnos using their inets while knox looks for teh phone . :'( 
bored today . may play some wow at the arnos . Have to deleiver mums package in a bit . broke :( i wanted to buy presents like crazy for all meh pals this holiday but got cut short :( i'm sorry ppl . 
What has no condition but one condition ? 
What 2 do for new years ? 
We need a new car . Having hardcore problems 
Tron 2 was amazing ! 
Knox goes 2 rockback 2morow ! Im excited ! 
What age will i die if my sickness keeps going the pace it is ? Should we make a game of it ? 
Is the adult industry right for me ? 
Ill again .. Whats new lol 
Happy holidays 
Have an interview 2morow . Cant wait 2 tell knox 
Interview went great . Now just waiting 4 a schedule shoot . 
He has 2 cut his goa-t noooo i must b strong ! 
True friends are those who help me bury the body ... And not run their mouth ... 
Bored . Wanting sumthing to do or sumwhere 2 go . 
Going 2 bed hungery and cranky . 
gunna try 2 have a better day 2day . Will b bored from 2-11pm blah 
New years party ? 
... Playin dnd ... 
... She aint got to love nobody ... 
May the new year be good to u all . 
What 2 do 2day . 
Im gunna yank my own teeth out ! I dont like relying on pain meds ! 
Hoping knox will get a paycheck soon . 
Low income dentists are not taking in new ppl . I called 8 < PROPFIRST > this morn . Whats a girl 2 do ? Gotta do it myself then . 
Any 1 want 2 < PROPFEMALE > on this rainy < PROPFEMALE > ? 
So u all know my body will b donated to science when i pass and im going 2 b cremated . 
Woke in flaming pain not just my teeth . Knox wants me 2 go 2 the hospital but im stubbern . If it gets worse then i may . 
Going 2 the hospital 
They gave me 3 perscriptions . Painkiller . nausia and amoxicillin . 
It hurts so very bad . 
Thanks mom i owe u so much !! 
Ill b seeing u jt hehe 
Its so odd watching t.v 
2nite is dnd yay and 2morow as well . Then monday my search 4 a dentist shall continue ! 
Bow chika bow wow 
Wtf 3.10 for gas insane ppl . 
Just shoveled bout a ft of snow with a broom down our driveway 
Rockback pizza didnt open 2day . Knox gets to sleep lol . Im not used to everything closing @_@ 
Today i have lived with knox for 6 months :) half a year an hoping 4 more 2 come 
Knox returns to work tomorow . 3 days no pay :( 
Tryin not 2 get sick . Knox is sick and im playing nurse lol 
Bored . Havent been able to sleep yet . And alas i am sick with a painful cough :( knox is worse . But im takin care of him . 
101.5 atm . Still in the safe zone heh 
Got to 102.6 which is pretty normal 4 me . No wonder ppl think im odd lol 
The cat ... shes in heat ... Again ! 
In my world everyones a poney and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies :) ... Haiiiiiah 
Looking at apartments 
Spent 50bucks on an ap fee only 2 b declined 4 the apartment we wanted :( guess were not moving ... 
Going 2 my very 1st bar . 
Had a blast at the bar lastnight . Dispite the guyes rap night it was fun . 
Im just useless 
I actually got sum sleep . Crashed hard finally . 
I love this fog :) 
Getting ready 2 head home from taco < PROPMALE > soon joined a club there heh . 
My < PROPFEMALE > likes laying between my legs under teh blanket :) 
I want u 2 comment on this status bout how we met . But lie . Thats right just make it up . After u comment copy this 2 ur stat so i can do the same . 
Knox farted . It was horrid . Paint peeled and the cat died . Btw knox isnt moving should i be worried ? 
Goin 2 take a nap world . Call if u need nything . Doubt ill hear a txt lol 
Prices went up . Foodstamps are zero now . Bought our usual monthly and its all gone :( im sad . 
Once i get meh laptop ill finaly have internets yay ! im excited lol . 
So nausiated today . Dizzy . < PROPFEMALE > and eye pressure and achey body uck blah . Letting knox play dnd w/out me he deserves a guys afternoon lol . 
Cant sleep . Feeling unsatisfied and discontent . Odd spout of anger and twisted mindset . 
Gunna try going to bed now . Night/morning facebook . 
So i took 2 sleeping pills at 10:23 pm and laid down . Why am i still awake ? 
Happy corperation stealing all our money event 1 day to u all ! 
I keep wakin up with breathin problems in the midst of my sleep :( gunna price a humidifier n c if it will help me . 
Ah . Freshly showered . Feel a bit better . Now im bored lol 
Crying my eyes out ... missing my lil one ... 
Gunna sit n a car 2day while knox is at work . Perhaps ill sit at a bar ... Idk yet . Be out 4rum 3ish till he gets off work . 
If any 1 wants to keep me company 2day n newnan txt me . I have limited car skills . If we go to bar first drinks on me lol 
Cops pulled us over . Made us sit on the curb n search the car . Accused knox of lieing and < PROPFIRST > of drinking . Pist me off . 
Had fun at cochran mill park . Took pics of paul . fritz . knox . And jt . Sry none of me . Goin back 2morow . Yay 
< PROPMALE > knows submission wresteling fuck . N i cant use my usual stance grr 
Dont follow others n their footsteps . If they stop u may bump into them . Or even off the < PROPMALE > . Be your own being ! 
Sprained my wrist yesterday n tweaked my shoulder . What fun hehe . 
Lazerous sleeps on his back and in my arms like a human lol . 
I wanna split my tongue . Yes i know the downfall of this . 
Gas 3.39 a gal ! Wtf why over a hundered per barrel ? Fing eh 
Power has been out 4 an hour and has no gass 2 go anywhere 
If i where 2 lay n bed all day my dog n cat would be on either side of me till i got up . Like now heh 
Hope foodstamps get here soon 
Contemplating goin to club opera saturday ... 
Angery i have 2 start dragon age all over again 
Woke up to the dog eating my only pair of shoes oh the fury oh i wanted to severly beat him ! Hes lucky knox loves him >.< and i just fell asleep to gwah ! Phone wont let me do caps !! 
Club opera 2nite . If ur 21 and over u should come . A rare event 4 me 2 b out ppl lol 
... < PROPMALE > the morning ... 
Omg i love the hole n the wall 
Dog tore my shit up hes lucky im plastard and only has 2 deal with knoxs wrath 
Had a wicked blast last night ! Thank u < PROPFIRST > ! 
Watching big bang theory on my harddrive 
Thanks 4 my left wisdom tooth i can hardly open my mouth . Like lock jaw :( 
Mouth hurt so bad .. 
I cant chew my food 
Even though ive had such pain n my mouth i have had an amazing week ! Your the best < PROPFIRST > lol . And love u knox ! 
Had a nice fire n back yard . Cooked hotdogs and marshmellows in it . :) 
Look mr. Bubbles its an angel 
The green hornet is pretty good . Thanks 4 a fun night < PROPFIRST > had fun with u all 
Dog got my nose . Not happy . Well happy st pattys day all 
Was attacked by an angery spirit . Shook me up real bad . Havent been able 2 sleep . I is tired . 
As i look threw her pictures sadness overflows me and i cry . 
Everyday i wonder why i have a facebook . . . Oh yea its my outlet to the world . 
1part coconut rum . 1part bananna rum . 1part citrus rum . 1part pinapple rum . 2part pinapple juice . 2part cranberry juice topped with aged dark rum = heavenly voodoo juice hehe 
Why must i be so afraid 2 dance or sing in public sober ? 
The dog and cat r both gone 
We may have found the cat . I hope so my heart is breaking horribly ! 
Had 2 climb a tree 2 get her 12ft up still no dog 
Knox went 2 look 4 the puppy 
Dog returned . We need 2 build a fence n the backyard so when we leave the house he dosnt destroy the house or terrorize the cat . 
Saw a movie being made on south fulton pky . A car scene . Blue . Was neat . 
Knox got laid off cus rockback is losing money . Wtf 
Wish i had sum 1 to play n the rain with heh 
Cat asleep on my right leg n the dog snoring on my left leg . Cute 
... Dickmilk ... 
Have a lead enima ! 
dont ask me why . But 2day is going 2 b a bad day 4 me . 
Wanting 2 visit < PROPFIRST > asap ! I miss her . 
Knox reserved bioshock 3 and malice in wonderland for me . I loves u baby ! 
I love white russians . I miss my girls . I need 2 visit ppl 
Knox n i are joining the military . Filling out paperwork . 
I found a 4 leaf clover at jeffs house . Now i own 2 yay . Gave my elaminated one 2 knox . 
