Happy New Year everyone ! And a Blue < PROPFEMALE > to boot ! :-) 

A perfect ending to the day for a crocheter with ADD : throwing your sweater over your arm and having the crochet hook you've been looking for all day come flying out of it ! :-D 
Saturday , June 27th is our National Health Care Day of Service Source : bitly.com In thousands of communities across the country , we'll come together , roll up our sleeves , and do what we can to improve vital health care services for people in need . Join us 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , courage to change the things I can , and wisdom to know the difference . 
In breast-feeding women , use isn't recommended . 
Oh , that's IT ! Health care reform , here I come !!! 
Right at this specific moment really hates her life and wishes she was home knitting and playing with her 11 year old puppy . 
Is beginning to see why people have become misinformed and therefore fearful . 
Ok , so far in the last two months , I have been harassed by a client I've done some work for , by three neighbors , by the police twice ( on my own property for doing absolutely nothing ) , and by certain people at another job I have ( tonight and within the last couple of days ) . And one of my upstairs neighbors just slammed something onto the floor loud and obvious enough to wake me up . What GIVES ??!! 
I am completely addicted to short track speed skating now , thanks to my hometown boy , Apolo ! A Seattleite is now the most decorated Winter Olympian ... awesome ! 
Down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better , what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else ... 93% of my friends will NOT copy this ... Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it ...... for at least one hour . 
Why is it that the most genuine individuals are often either the most misunderstood , or considered to be completely ingenuine ( is that even a word ) by everyone else ? 
Glad tomorrow will be a new day . Hit the rock bottom with falling apart / being in a funk today , stemming from being laid off yet again ( for a couple of weeks now ) . The welfare of my dog was threatened , full \mom\ " mode came out . Taking step #1 out of it tomorrow AM . " 
Brownies from scratch = chocolate heaven ! 
Today is a very very good day ! 
Happiness is a warm puppy ! 
MSNBC is now reporting that < PROPFIRST > Frum ( a Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute ) was terminated today for speaking his mind yesterday . Wow . 
So sorry farmville c o-o p friends , I cant access my harvestable crops due to a power outage ! Sending this message via cell phone . :-) Will try again tomorrow . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , it was a wonderful day indeed ! Beautiful day , great friends and family , great food ... what more could I ask for ! 
Avatar . Absolutely brilliant . ' Nuf said . 
Just came back from holding a brand new baby . Wiggly and crying until he came over to me ... decided to snuggle right under my neck with his binky and blanket and fell right asleep . All is right with my world right now ! 
Steph D - I'm borrowing your status from last night ! Mean people SUCK !!! Gah , what a day . 
What kind of water have you pregnant people been DRINKING ?! Lol ! One of my best friends is ready to pop with a boy , my cousin is newly preggers , another one of my best friends is newly preggers ( just found out yesterday ... Mother's Day ! ) , another good friend is a few months in , a good friend of mine just had a baby boy a couple of weeks ago , another good friend is due end of May with a boy ... 
A true friend can go long periods of \ 
timewithout speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up \ 
likethey just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has \ 
been ........ REPOSTif you are lucky enough to have at least one . 
That's it . I can't afford a hybrid car , and have cut down energy consumption in other areas as much as possible . A small step to cut down on oil consumption , but significant nonetheless . No more acrylic yarn . Working through what I have , but I won't purchase acrylic yarn anymore , only natural / renewable resource fiber . 
< PROPMALE > Petty and the Heartbreakers ... still so freakin ' awesome ! 
Am I missing something here ? Did everything ( and then some ) at work , and still got blamed for something that occurred on another part of the property . * sigh * 
Man do i LOVE the smell of sweet meadow grass in the evenings . By sunset it makes the air smell so sweet ! 
More like what's in my mind ... :-) Watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and am learning a ton about the amygdala ! 
My week : Wednesday : Very , very good . Thursday : Not a good day . Friday : Very bad day . Saturday : The sun came out . Then some not so good things . Then some very good things . All in all a good day . Sunday : A good day . Monday : Not a good day . Tuesday : A good day . Wednesday : All in all a good day . Thursday : Devastating day . Next week HAS to be better ! I'm pulling for more good days than bad ones ! 
Godspeed < PROPFIRST > . You were an icon . 
BP's Top kill has now failed . Not many options left , and more and more people are starting to get very sick . @#$% !!!!!!!! 
Flu , flu go away ... come back again ... well ... never . 
Aarrgghh ... anyone have any good home remedies for trying to prevent an eardrum from bursting ? Ice , fluids , analgesics , benadryl and ear massages / jaw stretches / lots of yawns are already in the works ... Thanks in advance ! 
I've been stuffed up for so long now , I've forgotten what it's like to smell , taste or hear anything . C'mon antibiotics and Tylenol 3 , you can start working any ol ' time now ! 
Still feelin ' cruddy . Doc did say it would take 36-72 hours before I start to feel better . In the meantime , Tylenol 3 is making it a slightly more pleasant ride ! ;-) 
NOTE TO MY NON-GAMER FRIENDS : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on the hide button and hide the game . Future messages from that game will be hidden on your wall ! ? " 
Having a bit of a stressful moment , and then Bayley comes up to me with her big brown puppy dog eyes and gives me a big ol ' puppy kiss and tailwag ! Life is good and dogs are awesome . :-) 
I LOVE MY BO-SOX !!! Nava is the new wonderboy ! First ever < PROPMALE > league at bat & he hits a GRAND SLAM !! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and \ 
never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up just \ 
like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far\ 
apart they live ... REPOST this if you are lucky enough to have at least\ 
one friend like this ? 
OK , all . 16 hours a week is not even cutting it anymore . Budget cuts . Think good thoughts as I go on the job hunt again ! Keeping these 16 hours , even when I find another FT job . 
FATHER'SDAY-If yellow roses grow in Heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Daddy's arms & tell him they're from me . Tell him I love & miss him & when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while . Remembering him is easy , I do it everyday , but there's an ache within my heart that'll never go away . Love and miss you , Dad ! I still can't believe you are gone . 
There is no way to happiness . Happiness is the way . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want -- to be ( loved and ) accepted . Most people won't copy and paste this . But will YOU do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education ... week , and this is in honor of all the kids . 
Boston !!!!! Come ON !!! 
A little blurb about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , the umpire who is being inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame tomorrow . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ < PROPMALE >_< PROPMALE > _(umpire ) 
One of my neighbors is cooking bacon , and it smells WONDERFUL ! 
Nothin ' like fresh sweet corn on the cob in summer ! 
The original Free to Be song ! Man , this brings back memories for me ! Enjoy ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_26FOHoaC78 
An evening in , with a brand new portable AC unit . 95-100 degrees with a broken AC unit does not make me a happy camper . 12,000 BTU's at 70 degrees does ! 
Yum ! Potato pancakes cooked with bacon , tillamook cheddar , & green onions . Topped with a sour cream dollop , & applesauce on the side . Gr8 brunch at Elmers ! 
Still awake . Can't fall asleep ! >:-( 
Pain pain go away . Come back again , well , never . Is pain REALLY a necessary part of life ? 
Ok . Time for the life change , again . I've made the decision to pick up my classes again this fall for my second degree . Wish me luck , people ! 
Just found out that my local < PROPFIRST>'s serves Ivar's Clam Chowder ! I've missed my Seattle Ivar's trips ! YUM ! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live & don’t hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but that you will always love them . Re-post if you have at least ... one friend like this who you love dearly . 
I am so beyond disillusioned with the human race right now . Whatever happened to treating people as you would want to be treated ? Sigh . 
Frontierville friends : Can i ask u guys to do me a favor ? I cant get into game & have tons of flax to harvest to meet a goal . Pls help me harvest ! Thanks all ! 
OMG , listening to < PROPFIRST > Halen's \Jump\ " right now . . . what a blast from the past ! " 
Watching < PROPMALE > Burns ' The Tenth Inning on PBS . A masterpiece ! Remembering the 2004 Boston World Series Championship with love and pride ! 
Movies I recommend : The Social Network , The Karate Kid . Both were very engaging . About to see a sneak preview of Secretariat . Should be good ! 
Off to take my first psychology exam in a few minutes ! Wish me luck everyone ! 
Go < PROPFIRST>'s Restaurants ! They dont normally serve < PROPMALE > cristos , but are the only restaurant that actually volunteered to make one for me ! WOOHOO ! 
Cold , cold go away . Come back again , well . . . Never . Oscillococcinum homeopathic remedy has become my friend ! 
I am completely devastated . The love of my life dumped me earlier today , with no prior warning . Dumped me via fb , and then proceeded to unfriend me , and wants no further contact . We've been friends for years , and now doesn't even want to be friends anymore . I have no idea what to do . I am so sick of the grief cycle ! If anyone has any words of wisdom , I could really use some right now . Thanks all . 
OK , much needed humor courtesy of my friend < PROPMALE > ! Thanks for making me laugh , < PROPMALE > ! \ 
\ 
Pretty sad news about the Pillsbury Doughboy . If you havent already heard , he died yesterday of a yeast infection and complications from repeated pokes to the belly . The doughboy was buried in a lightly greased coffin . See below for further details . 
Ok Oregonians & SW Washingtonians , who is going to the Portland Rally to Restore Sanity tomorrow at the Eastbank Esplanade from 12-5 ? Anyone want to go ? 
The weathermen had it wrong when they said most of the snow would miss the portland area . Its the warmest time of the day & has moved from rain to snow ! 
Crap . Trying to get home & the cold weather ruined the air brakes on the company shuttle . Have to either walk 2 < PROPMALE > in 20 degrees or wait an hour for new bus . 
Portland folks . . For some awesome beef ravioli . . < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza & Chicken on 185th & West Union in Beaverton . $3.50 for a huge plate of fabulousness ! 
There is such a thing as the poinsettia bowl in football ? Really ?! Well I guess its possible if there can be a < PROPFEMALE > bowl . . . X-D 
On to meet my knitting gals after a quick shot of < PROPFEMALE > & a beer chaser ( we all got scolded all day at work ) . . . Wonder how the scarf will look now ! Lol ! 
These temporary furloughs are getting really old ... :-\\ 
Ugh . Temporary furlough just became permanent . Damn . But there is a silver lining I am sure , and I have faith it will become clear to me soon . 
1-2 inches of rain expected here in portland tomorrow night . Looking at the already full creek in my backyard with concern . Thats all I need right now . : - 
And now my car is dead . GREAT !! 
SERIOUSLY grateful that my car is running ! YAY !!! The auto service feature at USAA said all they would do when they came out was a jump start . But the guy came out in TEN MINUTES , looked at my battery , did the jump start , told me I have some serious corrosion on the top of it , kicked my throttle into gear when it wouldn't start over , and basically smacked my battery upside the head to get it to charge . 
Anxious moments . Just found out someone is back , but I know I'm stronger now . 
Employed again ! YESSSS !!! Full time with benefits starting after 90 days ! YAHOOEY ! 
Happy Christmas to everyone ! 
New word : snow + hail = snail ! Which is exactly the pace things go when the ground becomes white around here . :-D 
Got back from the vet two hours ago , have been silently praying that the little growth I saw on Bayley-girl's chest isn't an adenocarcinoma ( cancer ) like the vet thinks it might be . Did pre-surgery bloodwork tonight , and will schedule the surgery tomorrow after the bloodwork comes back . Surgery should be easy since the growth is just at surface level . Prayers for my little doggy please ! 
Damn cable box ! Reception has been nothing but partial picture and audio for the last 24 hours . I now need to go in and get a new box , remote , and cables . My wall connection is right behind a dresser that I can't lift without blowing a vessel somewhere , maybe I can < PROPFIRST > rig it somehow ? A really long , skinny wrench for the coax ? Lol ! Oh well , at least it'll be fixed in time for the Oregon game next week ! :-D 
YES !! Regular vet seems to think Bayley-girl's little growth is more cystic in nature . Still needs surgery tomorrow but poss just a local anesth & sedative . 
Got home from the vet about an hour ago . Two sutures , and very heavy sedation = a vewwwy gwoooggggy puuuuupppppy . Bayley came out of the vet's office minus two nipples , with her tail tucked between her legs , a doggy cone around her neck , and trying very hard to walk straight , but failing miserably ! What a trooper ! The vet still seems to think her growths were cysts , but we will confirm it with a biopsy . 
Really TriMet ? A parking ticket because my tires were on the parking space line ? Really ?!? >:-{ 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > computer company . My laptop screen went completely black on me tonight . Called tech support , they answered almost immediately . Within minutes they figured out I need to have the motherboard replaced , along with the screen connector cable . They are sending out a technician to replace them free of charge since my computer is still under warranty . Good customer service just makes my day ! :-D 
Man some people suck sometimes ! Argh ! Someone made a decision affecting my life based upon a twisted story . And i think the decision is final . 
My computer is BACK ! Yahooey ! The motherboard , power adapter , LED screen and battery all died at the same time . All ( except the battery ) were replaced at no charge ! Thank GOD for long warranty periods ! I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > COMPUTER COMPANY ! 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if YOU or someone you know has , or had , an invisible illness ( Diabetes , Epilepsy , chronic migraines , Fibromyalgia , MS , COPD , Lupus , etc ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness ... it's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fabulous on the outside . 
