passes the Bechdel Test . 

is spitting venom in your cup of cheer . 
is gonna find out where you fans really stand ... 
5 AM , trying to write paper , going a little crazy . Someone write me a poem about babies . And death . And cabbages . Things like that . Cabbages cabbages cabbages cabbages cabbages cabbages cabbages GODDAMNIT STAY AWAKE . 
ended her semester in Sociology as the class's lone atheist , with her professor trying to convert her to Christianity , and all the Catholics staring at her like something in a museum . Two down , two to go . 
SCARY FOREIGN THINGS INVADING AMERICAN SOIL AND EATING OUR DOGS : my comment on snakehead fish in my ecology final . Three down , one to go . 
When I come home , cold and tired , it's good to warm my bones beside the fire . 
is a hybrid superior to both parent species in terms of temperament , hardiness , and aptitude for advanced calculus ! 
I need a living room as big as a football field , with rough floors and no furniture or doorways . Any house with a touchable ceiling is a house that is too small . 
should have been a bear . Growl incessantly , eat berries and < PROPFEMALE > , sleep all winter in a fur coat . 
empties her pockets at $100/class , bloo hoo hoo . 
Spiderpig , Spiderpig , does whatever a spiderpig does . Can he swing ? From a thread ? No , he can't , he's a pig . 
Trapped in a painting by an evil wizard , send food cubes . 
Gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > with a big cone hat . 
Dear NYTimes : Do you have a problem with taking my money ? Are you too good for it ? DELIVER MY GODDAMN PAPER OR JUMP OFF A BUILDING . 
Why is there < PROPMALE > Reader's Digest in this library ? 
Email from Amazon : \Based on your previous interest in crocs ... \"" 
Accepting nominations for my celebrity lookalike . Currently down to Oprah or Batman . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
is the girl with radium eyes . 
rode the bus for an hour before finding out classes were cancelled , I'm an idiot . 
OH BABY BABY / HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW / THAT SOMETHING WASN'T RIGHT HERE ? 
OH BABY BABY / I SHOULDN'T HAVE LET YOU GO / AND NOW YOU'RE OUT OF SIGHT YEAH 
SHOW ME / HOW YOU WANT IT TO BE / TELL ME BABY / CAUSE I NEED TO KNOW NOW / OH BECAUSE 
MY LONELINESS / IS KILLING ME ( AND I ) / I MUST CONFESS / I STILL BELIEVE ( STILL BELIEVE ) / WHEN I'M NOT WITH YOU I LOSE MY MIND / GIVE ME A SIGN / HIT ME BABY ONE MORE TIME 
There's a floppy disk dispenser in the computer lab . I bet it writes letters to the abacus and sends them by passenger pigeon . 
is constantly amazed by the amount of crap our economy can support . 
\I don't think our band needs another singer . How fresh were his rhymes ? \"" 
is completely out of practice writing suck-up application essays . Damn my snarky honesty ! 
wanna be a rock superstar , and live large , a big house , five cars , you're in charge , comin ' up in the world , don't trust nobody , gotta look over your shoulder constantly . 
What is that word for time incongruity ? Like , if you're reading a book about the Civil War and someone pulls out a flashlight ? This is driving me crazy . 
cuts down trees , she skips and jumps , she likes to press wildflaaars , AND dress in women's clothing , and < PROPFEMALE > around in baaars ! 
stayed home last night and played < PROPFEMALE > , while my mom went to a concert at Lupo's and got drunk . I think I got the better deal . 
30% of male-specific DNA is devoted to testicle development . ( This shocking fact is brought to you by GENETICS ! ) 
just lectured a weight-loss researcher about feminism , oh dear . 
“It’s fair to say that I’m ridiculously excited about Doctor Who coming back soon . I may do an involuntary wee . ” 
Our parents worried their kids would grow up to be gay . Will we worry about our kids growing up to be furries ? 
had a nightmare about overdraft fees . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Free Cone Day ! 
had the most epically ridiculous Shakespearean-tragedy of a trip to NYC and NOTHING WILL EVER BE OKAY AGAIN . 
slept through her huge Stats exam , but then classes were cancelled anyway . THANK YOU WIMPS OF RHODE ISLAND . 
does not understand why all her classes are canceled AGAIN , especially considering yesterday and today HAVE BEEN COMPLETELY DRY . Is one of the deans the Wicked Witch of the West ? If so , can I meet her ? We could sing Defying Gravity , it would be awesome . 
Doctor Who premiere ! <3 <3 <3 
hopes you don't think things will be okay , because nothing will ever be okay . 
Did the new Doctor remind anyone else of Tigger searching for breakfast at Pooh Corner ? 
groks around the clock . 
should probably be choosing an apartment based on price/location rather than retro kitchens and vicinity to horses . ( HORSES . ) Adulthood grade : C- . 
I'm going to start dating an effeminate redhead just so I can call him my < PROPFEMALE > biscuit , SO DELICIOUS , delectable but not nutritious , morning pastry is propitious , < PROPFEMALE > crumbs on tidy dishes . Nyam nyam nyam . 
got a motorcycle , found an apartment , saved $1000 by catching bureaucratic errors , and is basically awesome . 
\How pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way ! I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading ! \ " \ " Spoken like one who has never known the ecstasy of holding a still-beating heart in her hand . \"" 
didn't go to boarding school , preppy girls never looked at me . Why should they , I ain't nobody , got nothing in my pocket . 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? TOBEY MAGUIRE . 
would like to judge a jam-making contest , it would be such a superior way to spend my Monday mornings . Jams with biscuits , jams on toast , jars of jam stacked on a post . Jams from London , jams from < PROPFEMALE > , fancy jam-stained underpants . I don't know how this sentence ended up here . Fuck Monday . 
got her card deactivated due to \suspicious deposits . \ " What ? Do people call and complain about strangers accidentally giving them thousands of dollars ? Can this be my problem ? " 
Really ? Seriously ? I give you $6300 and you can't let me buy a Nutrigrain bar ? FUCK YOU , I'M HUNGRY . 
would like to stop dreaming about Disney princesses cannibalizing each other . 
I know I'm late but HOLEE FUCKING HELL KICK-ASS , OH MY GOD , HOLY CRAP , I DON'T HAVE ANY MORE BRAINS BECAUSE THEY TURNED INTO LIQUID AND DRIPPED OUT MY EARS , I'M DEAD , OH MY GOD . 
\Nothing I do will ever be good enough for primary parental unit designation : Dad . \"" 
is going to take a shower that will only last 10 minutes and will not make her miss her bus . I know this is possible ! Other people do it every day ! 
is back to square one on apartment hunting , and everything is ugly and expensive and horrible . Maaaaaan . 
broke her cell in half , AWESOME . Don't try to call me ! ( Not that you would . ) 
Oh , you can tell by the way I use my walk , I'm a woman's man , no time to talk . 
is roaming the prairies , wrangling wild denims to make myself a suit . Skin ' em ! Stitch ' em ! Add pockets ! It's a fancy new industry . 
In Soviet Russia , Feather ruffles you ! 
killed her sensei in a duel ( but she never said why ) . 
is a machine for turning food into poop ! 
Thus commenced the Day of the Three Finals . 
ARRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH . 
\Guys love it when you can show them you're better than they are at something they love . \"" 
is celebrating the end of finals with BABIES : THE MOVIE . BABIES BABIES BABIES . 
has a phone again ! 
Only a moron would mess with Tauron . < PROPFIRST > Greystone , you idiot . 
8 hours weekly of 8 am physics lecture ? 18 weekly pages of 24-hour lab reports ? Could these be the best things ever ? I think they might . 
IT IS OVER 100 DEGREES IN KINGSTOWN , WHAT THE ASS . 
You know your life is funked when waking up at 7 feels unspeakably decadent . 
is finally gonna see Iron Man tonight , anyone want to join me ? 
is getting into the rhythm of the three-hour lecture . I wonder how many other painful things I could get used to ? 
celebrated her 21st in NYC with tea and champagne at the Plaza , followed by an < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > concert , a missed bus , and wandering through the city until 7 am . Now I have painful blisters and the knowledge that caviar is delicious . A++ birthday ! 
Also , thanks to everyone that wished me happy birthday ! 
Sometimes it really hurts my heart to know I'll never be able to grow a luxurious beard . 
chewing on a piece of grass , walking down the road . 
is a madwoman who thinks she's Feather < PROPFIRST > Poirier . 
is stuck on the bus and about to miss her final because some stupid assholes decided to get in a fight . 
flakes like a croissant . 
is sick of $40 bottles of iced tea ! Goddamnit . 
wakes up in the morning feeling like P . Diddy . 
What do Beyoncé , Doctor Who , and the JFK assassination have in common ? ( This is an actual riddle , points if you get it . ) 
is so sick of this port forwarding bullshit . 
will pay you $10 to forward her ports . Please , someone , forward my ports . 
“That Lady Gaga sure works hard at whatever it is she does . I just hope she has people looking out for her . ” 
was a high school loser , never made it with a \ 
lady , til the boys told me something I missed . 
Dear drunk guy on the bus : There are only three other people on here . You don't need to sit right next to me . But thanks for asking ! 
is the ambassador of questionable hats . 
REALLY needs a room within biking distance of URI , ~ $500/month . If you hear anything , let me know ! 
Any instance of the word ' erotic ' can be replaced with the word ' necrotic ' for a much more interesting sentence ! 
just signed a lease ! Looking for an awesome roommate to share an apartment on campus for less than $600/month . Tell your friends ! 
Rhode Island is too small , TOO SMALL FOR ME . I fall asleep with my feet in New York and my head in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
is taking care of business . 
en route to Peru , just realized I don't speak Spanish , OH GOD . Excited . 
is safe , exhausted in Lima . Leaving in 5 hours for my flight to Cusco . 
Alpaca chili and pisco sour over the Plaza de Armas . Every tenth person I see is a gringo tourist in a North Face jacket . My hostel has ¨Knocked Up¨ with Spanish dubs ; comforting . Also , yes , I am eating the fruit . 
hiking to Macchu Pichu , out of contact until Sunday . I love you all , mostly ! 
\We can't have a one-legged botanist . That's just a whole new level of weird I don't think anyone's prepared to deal with . \"" 
Oh god , I´m walking around in my baggy green tanktop and this pair of < PROPFEMALE > green hiking pants , and between that and my buzz cut I look like I´m in basic training . DEAR PERUVIANS : YES I AM RECRUITING FOR THE AMERICAN MILITARY . JOIN US . RESISTANCE IS FUTILE . 
sighted : orb-weaver spider , huge black tarantula in a hole in the ground , a bunch of caimans ( 15-ft . alligator relatives ) a couple yards from my boat , huge butterflies , turtles , howler monkeys wild in the trees , and a cormorant eating a baby anaconda . 
last day in Peru . 
says \blogosphere\ " to professors . " 
is always killing something , just by living on the earth . 
I can go to the doctor again ! I can't believe I never appreciated this as a kid . 
“If you’re down with killing it , ” Stein says , “then the least disgusting thing you can eat is the face . It’s almost an act of love . ” 
by land , by sea , by dirigible . 
Farmers ' market , beach , coffee and pastries . Nice Saturday morning . 
Plant anatomy lab on an empty stomach makes me want to eat all my samples . 
Has anyone ever noticed that R2D2 and C3PO look like a modified Dalek and a Cyberman ? 
\Does this mean that we should ... have other nemeses ? \"" 
is a < PROPFEMALE > impotent ball of rage . 
falling back in love with art/poetry/literary fiction after years and years of bitter disillusionment . 
is in love with her Entomology professor ; he's incredibly charismatic and enthusiastic ( about why we should eat bugs , about why bugs are the MOST interesting , about showing us videos of a worm being pulled out of some kid's eyelid ) , very fit for an old dude , and probably Buddhist . 
Things to do instead of write a paper : Make a curry . Clean the kitchen . Practice figure drawing . Listen to \Dog Days Are Over\ " 75 times . Read essays on grammar . Update Facebook . " 
Peanut butter + Mountain Dew : breakfast of champions who woke up at noon and are late to the arena . 
is in Disney World ! 
Oatmeal with apple chunks , < PROPFEMALE > raisins and walnuts , cinnamon and < PROPFEMALE > , milk and < PROPFEMALE > , me and < PROPFEMALE > Spektor , November nyam nyam nyam . 
Broken phone , don't call/text ! 
should never have watched the election results with a bunch of Republicans . God , that was upsetting . 
Drunk karaoke with my downstairs neighbors . ;) YAY 4AM . 
“You tried to use us to conquer the stars , but it looks like it is YOU who has been conquered by the power of love . \ " , 2010-11-10 07:20:34 " 
I always think grasshoppers must taste like snap peas , sweet and fresh and green and crisp . 
I can never try on shoes without feeling like the ugly stepsisters in the last act of < PROPFEMALE > , all cramming my big dirty feet into < PROPFEMALE > dainty shoes that never ever fit . I remain , dishearteningly , unshod . 
Is everyone getting random messages from half-naked women , or am I just a pimp ? 
Dear URI : Shitty technology is worse than no technology . 
“It is clear , then , that the man who does not live according to man but according to God must be a lover of the good and therefore a hater of evil ; since no man is wicked by nature but is wicked only by some defect , a man who lives according to God owes it to the wicked men that his hatred be perfect . \ " , 2010-11-17 04:08:29 " 
yoga ! 
\Chicken McNuggets are 26 percent disobedient robots . \"" 
Ughhh that movie was so good , more devoted than ever to my OT3 . 
Apparently someone bugged my email , ignore any strange messages received . 
Nose piercing , new jeans , new haircut ( just like the old haircut , only not so fuzzy in the back ) . 
has a phone again ! And plane tickets to San < PROPFIRST > ! Does not have : anyone's < PROPFIRST > . 
Wait , they don't love you like I love you , \ 
Ma-a-a , a-a-a , a-a-a , a-a-ath , \ 
Wait , they don't love you like I love you . 
spending Thanksgiving trading hair-care tips with the men in my family . 
broke a month of vegetarianism to eat Thanksgiving dinner and woke up feverish and massively ill . Is this a reaction , or is it too soon ? 
127 Hours : For what shall a man gain his whole soul , but lose his arm ? 
I believe in Saint < PROPMALE > , it's a different type of < PROPFEMALE > Claus . 
Too much energy , yard work after dark . 
Approaching people and asking them to sign things is SO HARD . 
HOW TO COOK ANYTHING , in three parts :\ 
\ 
1 . Fry it , put it on toast . \ 
2 . Fry it with onions , put it on pasta . \ 
3 . Bake it in a cake . 
I want to go winter camping . 
Facebook should have a relationship slot for \mortal nemeses . \"" 
just snogged Madame de Pompadour . 
My favorite maneuver is the Reverse Pygmalion . 
I love you Khaela Maricich , I'm listening to you ten hours a day , and I'm not listening to anyone else . 
Pretty sure I just accidentally wandered through a firing range ... in a tan coat that blends with the winter grass . Yup . 
I hate it when you run into someone cool and want to track them down , only to discover they don't have a Facebook , and you're probably never going to talk to them again . 
\The funny thing is that < PROPMALE > Rendazo secretly wants me . Jocks like him \ 
Over and over : I come up with an idea for an essay , mull it over , sketch it out , get down the bones before I lose it , and leave the outline languishing in my documents folder indefinitely . I miss writing . 
CLEAN ALL THE THINGS ! 
Meditation club ! I love Mondays . 
I want to buy a good camera , for less than $200 , that also records video ; recommendations ? 
Trying to find the route that most efficiently combines busing and walking . Google Maps , why isn't this a feature ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Sweeney , giving her daughter the Talk : \It's a little like having a waste treatment plan right next to an amusement park . \"" 
Tron + Black Swan DOUBLE FEATURE 
One week til Christmas . Holiday movies watched : 0 . Presents bought : 0 . Cookies baked : 0 . Snow fallen : none . Music : metal . Spirit level : Scrooge . 
At a Mormon Christmas service , listening to < PROPFIRST > Brown on the steelpan . 
Flu , laryngitis , final tomorrow , no food in the house , and now I can't find the goddamn < PROPFEMALE > . Only snow is lifting my spirits . 
ahhhh what is that ominous rustling coming from my trash ? No mouse , please no mouse . 
Vegan breakfast ! Clementines , fried mushrooms , toast with hummus , lemon-ginger tea . It's nice being up this early . 
Getting paid to go to NYC tomorrow , awesome . 
Delivering a $1000 package to New York , almost left it in a diner 5 minutes ago . This is going to be an interesting day . 
waited for snow for two months , and the DAY I leave , it blizzards . grumble grumble 
HOME 
I'm not ready for a new year , I'm still too angry about the last couple of months . Everything's been going wrong , everything's in a mess , and I'm not ready to fix it up and let it go . 
Jesus loves me , but not my wife . 
My mother's very gentle and kind older friend went and saw Black Swan thinking it was a movie about ballet . 
goddammit why do I never sleep the night before I travel 
things I like : interesting trees . friendly dogs . peanut butter cookies . helpful people . free wi-fi . < PROPFEMALE > days . victorian houses . 
\Somebody show me the other world where I get to go back there and try it again . \"" 
Jesus this city is expensive , I have to stop eating out for every meal or all my money will be gone by Sunday . 
just got directions to the library from a lady who offered me quality weed , and her husband whose teeth were filed into fangs . They were both friendly and helpful . I love this city . 
San < PROPFIRST > is giving me the longest , most vivid dreams about everything I want coming true , and when I wake up they still feel real . I don't usually remember my dreams at all . I think my mind's trying to flush itself out , make room for new desires in the new year ; good job , Brain , keep going . 
Saw Berkley , Chez Panisse , now going home to bake before after hours party at the museum ! Best last day . 
Ahahaha for a wide variety of cheap , big women's shoes , shop where the drag queens shop ! I can't believe this never occurred to me . 
Coming home , with two sack lunches and a tin of cookies -- thanks for everything , < PROPFEMALE > Poirier ! 
Shuttle --> airplane --> subway --> train --> bus --> ? 
omg omg THE BLOW is lecturing in Providence tomorrow and performing on Monday . I'm freaking out a little . 
rapping for the halibut 
My name : giving people an easy conversation starter for TWENTY YEARS . Gonna start being < PROPFIRST > , it's time that had a comeback . 
finally get why people sleep in their cars and follow musicians up and down the coast -- <3 <3 <3 khaela maricich , court jester in fantasyland . 
Dreamed about being trapped on the fourth floor during an earthquake , then crashing down to the ground in an elevator , cushioned by the bodies of my family . The ground was in flames . I don't think I've eaten any vegetables in a week . 
watching the < PROPFEMALE > rise . 
brutal , brutal insomnia for like four days running . seven am , I don't want to be friends anymore . 
dreamed I was getting sent to prison for selling state secrets to < PROPFEMALE > . All I could think was , what will I do ? There's no internet , few books , and I can't do pushups . 
I wish my ambitions didn't so vastly outstrip my capacities . 
Finally figured out class schedule : plant pathology , animal behavior , astronomy , history of the enlightenment , film history , and woman & science fiction . First semester ever I'm only taking things I'm interested in . 
wondering if D&D's still on , don't want to brave the snow to find out . 
Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip ? 
There has to be a way to transmute sadness into delicious < PROPFEMALE > . 
je te plumerai 
I can't go into my bathroom without looking for a dead body behind the shower curtain . Dunno what I'd do if I found one . 
will never spell ' phytophthora ' wrong . Two-hour lecture on potato blight . 
Watching Tank Girl for the first time since I was 6 . 
I AM THE GREATEST MAN THAT EVER LIVED 
SHOW ME YOUR HONOR . 
February is usually my least favorite month , but this year I'm kinda digging it . 
The most beautiful night ! Cold , ice-clear and massively < PROPFEMALE > , I can almost pretend I'm in Antarctica . 
And just to lay with you , there's nothing that I wouldn't do , save lay my rifle down . 
winter camping ! 
\We shouldn't call human brains ' natural ' since everything's natural . We're AI : ' accidental intelligence . ' \"" 
Astronomy is the best possible way to learn physics , everything has a real-world application . 
hiking ! 
oh\ 
my\ 
SCROD . 
locked out ! woo . 
anxious anxious study study . might eat coffee grounds out of the bag . 
Xena , my only friend . 
Science people : Say a disc were suddenly to pop into existence -- 25 < PROPMALE > thick , about half a billion square kilometers on the surface -- orbiting around the sun . How would gravity affect it ? Could it maintain a stable orbit ? Would it just be torn to pieces ? 
wannabe a professional chair-dancer . 
SECOND PLACE WOO 
IF YOU'RE WONDERING IF I WANT YOU TO , I WANT YOU TO 
I need a chip in my brain to shock me every time I start brooding pointlessly , it's my dumbest bad habit . 
heard there's something happening at the Planned Parenthood on Point Street tomorrow morning , does anyone know if it's true ? 
Thank you . 
bought a T-Rex plushie after months of dithering . Life is sweet . Are we in the future yet ? 
late night God conversations with Sascha Murillo <3 
blood oranges 
Sometimes I think I'm going to stop being a lazy asshole , and then I roll over and go back to sleep . 
was walking through Waterplace Park when a voice recording told me I was in a restricted area , my picture had been taken , and it would be used to prosecute me . I didn't jump any fences , so what the hell ? 
walking down the street , I'm the lady-a , \ 
showing off my map of Tasmania 
is descended from Zebulon . 
so nice , so smart 
Saturday : sushi , sascha , SUCKER PUNCH . sweeet . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Wynne Jones . Damn . 
gettin jiggy with it 
WTF HOW DID I END UP IN KINGSTON , < PROPFEMALE > . GODDAMN TRAINS . 
in Boston , standing in spheres . 
dreamed I had a baby and watched the < PROPFEMALE > crumble out of the sky . I was packing for the apocalypse and decided to bring my laptop charger . 
Maaaan , nothing creepier than coming home to a dark house and an unlocked door . Went up the stairs brandishing a snow shovel . 
I love big noses , I really do . On men and ladies ! This status is dedicated to the dude sitting across from me in the awesome hat . Dude , I wish I could compliment your nose without sounding insane . 
so I was gonna set my cell alarm to wake up early and look for my cell where I dropped it outside , but then I was like , wait . anyway . NO PHONE . 
\Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it's a simple adventure story . Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secrets of the universe . \ " -- Lex Luthor * " 
Dudes , please don't pick the daffodils . 
Monday meditation ! 7:30 , 4th floor , Lippitt ! Come if you like inner peace and/or thin mints ! 
cannot believe it took us five hours to drive from Ludlow to Kingston , my goodness . 
spending hours getting drunk on catmint and sunshine and violets . God bless Persephone . 
Maybe you should kiss someone nice , or lick a rock , or both . 
just used Skype for the first time , what is this nonsense . 
< PROPFIRST > STARK BUILT THIS IN A CAVE ... FROM A BOX OF SCRAPS ! 
switching out my ballcock assembly 
is there any place in walking distance of URI that can make me a damn milkshake 
still thinks everyone should come to Boston Slutwalk 2011 this Saturday ! Dress up ! Protest rape culture ! Stand with your people ! 
a plane ticket , a piña colada , a monk's robe , and a < PROPFEMALE > trampoline . 
just got \sir\ " ed for the first time . Awesome . " 
I miss you . 
on the train to Boston ; just saw graffiti that said FUCK THIS WALL . 
Eating dinosaur cupcakes with sluts in a library . The rest of my life needs to be like this . 
Sick ! Goddammit . On the couch . Send fruit . 
I want to take a road trip to Waffle House to see if it's as disgusting as I remember . 
stuck in a parking lot on my way to Philly to see big sis graduate . The things I do for @Sascha Murillo . 
No room at the inn . 
Raise your hand if you're still in Kingston . 
Not sure the dancing-as-evolutionary-fitness thing holds up when dorky enthusiastic dancers are so damn adorable . 
why am I dreaming about giant spiders that can repair windshields and gas stations on the side of mountains ? 
This dude seriously looks like he has an entire brick of brown shredded wheat stuck under his nose . Congratulations , sir , on a moustache that leaves me breathless with admiration . 
seriously feels like I have mushrooms sprouting in my throat 
I'm so lucky to live in a world so full of cute girls and attractive dudes . 
be my sister wife 
Why are there suddenly gigantic horrible insects everywhere in my house ? 
Anyone who's ever made running look glamorous should be feeling extremely bad because , guess what , you just killed me . 
I am trapped in the dumbest predicament right now , but I'm not going to say what it is because it's too embarrassing . Hopefully I'm getting rescued in the morning . 
I experience a deep and profound happiness every time I remember I have ice pops in my freezer . 
I really feel like this is the week for a hopscotch party . 
Last time I am ever leaving the house in weather this < PROPFEMALE > and a skirt this short . At least the old men at the bus station were happy . 
I think the woman living in the playpen on < PROPMALE > Street has probably figured out the meaning of life , and could answer all my questions if I had any idea what to ask . 
listening to beastie boys and ruthlessly culling my possessions 
aaaaand out , with 34 minutes to spare . 
grateful for : my opposable thumbs . 
double-fisting brownies in a time machine to 1960's Birmingham . 
Happy birthday , Kanye . 
I just want to write love letters to everyone around me . Humanity , I'm your biggest fan . 
Where can I find literary criticism that isn't directed at people trying to cheat on exams ? 
After I finish my Bachelor's I want to become a Master of Forestry , because then I'll be Feather < PROPFIRST > Poirier , B.A.M.F. 
It's the smallest ship in the spaceport of Kir-Moab . 
feeling really lucky to have such a damn fcking talented sister . 
dreamed that somebody was going to pay me $ 50,000 to sleep with Rush Limbaugh . 
This < PROPMALE > Smith doppelganger is on the sidewalk opposite me , and I really want to wolf-whistle . 
X-Men : First Slash 
You know you're a classy lady when you go into < PROPFEMALE>'s just to steal ketchup . 
had a good evening , but can't believe I paid actual money to see Green Lantern . 
so much Latin in my life right now . 
broetry and brose 
I would absolutely change my last name to Warrior except everyone would think I was a wannabe Native American . 
off to a cabin in the woods ! Out of cell/internet contact until Monday night ! xoxoxo brosephs and brosephinas 
Home ! In a field watching my neighbors set off gorgeous illegal fireworks . Going to the URI pool tomorrow noonish if anyone wants to meet up ! 
Absolutely exhausted but happy . My life is full to the brim right now . 
And goddamn do I love watching the bats dart around our yard at night . 
“Be careful with each other so we can be dangerous together . ” <3 
taking a mental health day 
and I never never ever do a thing about the weather for the weather never ever does a thing for me 
doooon't waaaanna get up ... 
Need an escort for the free shows tonight and the queer fancy dance party tomorrow ! Text me . 
marathoning 1 - 7 in preparation for 8 
I love writing papers outside ( except for the ants on my keyboard ) . 
Overslept ; just woke up from a dream with < PROPMALE > Draper trapped by a demon in the body of < PROPFIRST > Giamatti , treating his hangover with a silver cup full of this disgusting slurry of pickled eggs and petrified bacon that looked like raw dog food . Good morning , Facebook . 
There's isn't any ice so instead I'm eating a bowl of frozen peas and they're pretty okay . 
Braving the pool for the first time in years . The water is bright green , like Kool-Ade . It looks like the perfect habitat for a colony of aquatic rats . 
thinks the tub is the best place to study , and certain people shouldn't be calling me after I deleted their < PROPFIRST > and blocked them on Gmail . Take a hint ! 
Haven't played since November and I STILL get intense passing WoW cravings . NEVER EVER PLAY THIS GAME . 
Bus riders of RI : apparently massive cuts in RIPTA's service are planned , and public hearings are scheduled for various times over the next week . Please show up and protest this ! We need more service , not less ! 
running on a mixture of sugar and nerves . I can no longer feel hunger or pain . One day , 4.75 hours . 
Goldenrod smells like mangoes , sassafras smells like Fruit Loops , and there's a weed that smells like pineapples covered in Magic Marker sponges . #botanyforever 
DONE . Aced . Basking . Hello summer . 
Why do I always get these 24-hr bugs after periods of big stress ? Sick sick sick . 
feels like my body is being consumed by fire from the inside out . 
On my way to the Rally Against RIPTA Cuts ! Please come if you can , to the rally or the public hearing at URI Providence ( 2:00 ) ! 
The ability to do things poorly is a very important skill that I am happy to have acquired . 
Looking forward to getting screamed at all morning , in a good cause . 
Why does my life feel like the last scene of The Fox and the Hound ? 
Doing myriad stupid things using only a cell phone , a bath tub , and my idle hands . I'm magic . 
So angry . Must ... crush ... newspaper . 
restless , restless 
requires an escort to watch < PROPFIRST > Franco talk to monkeys . Position pays in popcorn . Serious inquiries only , please . 
Does anyone want to escort with me at the Women's Medical Center tomorrow morning around 7 ? I promise , there'll be a circus worth seeing . 
http://www.facebook.com/flpoirier/posts/137833104168\ 
thanks facebook for reminding me of my important life goals 
Worrying about sleeping through my alarm is keeping me up ... making it more likely that I'll sleep through my alarm . Hi , 4:45 , I can see you from here . 
turns out 7-11 doesn't serve pizza before 6 am . NO BREAKFAST FOR ME . 
dreamed a massively pregnant River < PROPFEMALE > was mothering me and giving me life advice and now that I'm awake I'm really sad it'll never happen . 
reading list :\ 
\Madame Bovary’s Butterfly Knives\ 
Dreamed I was traveling with the Doctor through the Wood betweeb the Worlds and it was inhabited by giant suburban eagle-men . Their wingtips looked so fake sticking out the sleeves of their football jerseys . 
If you spend all of class audibly sighing and fidgeting and eye-rolling because you think you're too good to be here , I am going to hate you . If you think this is so far beneath you , do everyone else a favor and get out . 
Time to play ' what pile of crap is my passport in ? Let's search until 2!' 
listening to cocorosie , making peanut butter cookies , then slutwalking :) 
Question on a job application : \I have never lied . \"" 
which is the least worst option : 8 am class , 10 pm class , or commuting 2 hours 5 days a week ? 
explain phrase : \wars of adventure \"" 
also if you've lost a diary with a bunch of Nietzsche quotes in it , I found it and I'm laughing at you . 
balancing a giant overflowing vegan lasagna on the lap of my white dress . 
cleaning my room until it looks like the habitat of a human and not a giant naked mole rat 
anyone want three computer monitors from the ' 90's ? 
So light from the second floor shines up through a grate in my floor into my room . I could see all these shadows moving in the patch of light on my ceiling and couldn't figure out what they were until I realized they must be mice . Insomnia was bad enough , now I'm never sleeping again . 
has tentatively excellent news , but I don't want to jinx it . 
I've been having this recurring daydream where < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > suddenly timewarps into my backyard , and I have to take him under my wing and explain everything -- cell phones , photo ID , mixed-race busses , hummus , evolution , the internet , psych meds , why everyone's wearing jeans -- and then I take him to Brown to let the history profs interview him and they think I'm crazy and throw me out . 
off to eat vegetable tempura , < PROPFEMALE > cream in a cone , hot apple cider and baked potato . YAY CARNIVAL FOOD . YAY NEW ENGLAND . YAY FALL . 
Apparently I'm far enough from my depressed time of life that I'm now that annoying person who says ' Cheer up ! Life's not so bad!' to depressed people and expects it work . 
no phone ! just so you know . 
making a public vow to stop talking to people who consistently bum me out . it's not worth it . 
dreamt about cinnamon rolls , woke up and started making cinnamon rolls . 
I wish I could photosynthesize , I feel like it would indirectly solve all my problems . Need no food so need no money so need no college so stay in bed forever listening to Guns and Roses and drinking < PROPFEMALE > tea . Right ? I think that's how that works . 
Oh man , almost forgot about that abortion I have to get tonight , good thing those protestors reminded me ! Thanks guys ! 
I am now friends with so many different kinds of people on here that I can never say anything I'm actually thinking . Facebook has become pretty much useless for me , and yet I can't delete it for various reasons . This annoys me . 
I like to waste time I should be using to work on lab reports by reading articles about how to be a better student . 
