Just got home from work and tired as hell 

Depression ~ ~ isnot a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to bestrong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone whohas or has battled with depression .... Will you do it , and leave it onyour status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mentalhealth week and 1 in 3 of uswill suffer , at some point in our lives . Show your support good people ..... 
I truly hate being bipolar it sucks and mine is getting even worse i'm starting to feel like im loosing myself i can barely even control my anger now even the meds don't help y is it that life just seems to stop on u when ur down .... 
my mind is tired but body has plenty of energy so im gone 
Tired and headin to bed 
all it seems like any more is sleep and work on my plate and now i'll be juggling school while working 34 hrs a week this is gonna suck but i'll deal with it 
tired and headin to bed 
a restless mind once again but thats life i guess just got home from work tired so tired ive been up since 1 this morning and i just cant rest anymore 
fixin to leave for work 
going to bed see ya 
Im gettin off gn all 
tired but finally in a decent mood maybe things are finally getting better for me or maybe i just finally found something to look forward to 
GN 
tired very tired just got home from work 
Head is hurting rlly bad checked outta school if u dont know what happened playing basket ball got ran into and went head first into a brick wall and now have a minor concussion 
Tired and worried about my baby 
yous been hacked by Lynz ! well not really hacked but yea .. lol i love you ! :D 
rlly tired but tryin to look for the good side of life 
Just got home from work tired and this weekend suxs so far havent done anythig fun work and rlly nothing elese . 
i guess ima get off here gnight to all 
getting off gn 
Ima get off here gn everyone 
Bored outta my mind aint got nothing to do at all tonight this is gonna be a long week end 
so bored it's not even funny 
im ready for this crappy ass weekend to be fucking over wit 
tired and dont know what im going to do with the rest of my day 
What Lies With In Ur Eye's -- My Result : Pain . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/744615/referrals/status?aid=100000632501433 
today has pretty much sucked as usually but that's life for ya i guess its been a long day been up since 6 am now im just in a idk mood 
im gettin off of here gn 
ust got home from work and tired as hell 
so damn tired looks like another night were im not gonna sleep tho oh well just have another night to think endlessly 
im head to bed probly not goimg to sleep tho gn fb 
tired gettin off of here gn fb 
does anyone\ 
know < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s number ? 
m crazy in my own way some ppl like it and others hate it but thats just me thats just how i am 
in a rlly good mood and has been since 12-12-10 
GN FB 
Well today was eventful was taken to the er 
