UK is bout to smash it should be a good game i bleed blue for LIFE !!!!!!!!!!! 

i am soooooooo hungry im about to pass out 
back in lexington now chicago was fun , but it was kinda hard being in the city of the cubs , oh well whats actually on my mind is whats the point of this poke button ? 
man if i wrote everything that was on my mind i think this box would explode 
i met this lady in hollywood she had green hair but damn she looked good i took her to my house cause she was fine but then she whipped out a < PROPMALE > that was bigger than mine- colt 45 , afroman 
everybody . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dance now ! 
man i want to make some music 
i dont think im going to sleep today 
im starving 
tag your it ??? That is a random thought 
finally school is over i wish i didnt have to go back 
i want to have a party . Who wants to join me ? 
man im bored out of my mind somebody should hit me up with somtheing to do 
creating my own song this is lucky # 7 now 
i wish my life wasnt so boring all the time 
man t.v. Is turning into crap american idol sucks cable sucks you know its bad when regular channels are better than cable channels and you have learned all of the sportscenter re-run 
ah she's crying . . . She is so ugly when she crys hahahahaha lmfao 
man i am so bored in this house i hate it hit me up if you wanna do anything 
man life is so boring this sucks . . . FML 
yes the draft is hear lets go st. < PROPFIRST > yeah 
Yes yes yes yes !!!!!! 
yes we finally did it man this is awesome :) 
is anybody doing anything im super bored 
well im bored . Again . Somebody should throw a party or do something fun and invite me . Well who wants to talk ? 
state testing is sooooo easy 
man im bored who wants to talk 
its nightmare on elm street and guess whos playing < PROPMALE > 
SUPER SAVER WHOOO !!!! It didnt really matter about the horse its all about the jockey ( borel ) :) 
:( 
im lost 
this box cant handle whats on my mind 
color guard today :( really not ready and still kinda pissed about it 
anybody wanna talk hit me up 
i like to have fun . happy memrial day guys 
im gong < PROPFEMALE > sls whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo now im hungry 
im bored who wants to talk 
Man im so bored i wish sls wasnt over . I think i broke my ribs 
if i have made you smile or laugh click like then put this as your status & see how many people you have made smile 
in anniston with my family waiting to go to church 
im bored 
just chilled with some friends it was fun :) 
Oh every time I close my eyes i see my name in shining lights a different city every night oh I I swear the world better prepare for when I'm a billionaire 
ask me something 
The cardinals lost :( but on the plus side the world cup of softball is on :) man I love sports 
No 600 for A-Rod 
Ah that sounds like alot of fun and really easy man your lucky 
No 600 for A-Rod again 
Food is on my mind 
If your still awake watch comedy central katt < PROPMALE > is on :) it's hilarious 
Not going to church tomorrow I'm super sick can't sleep :( 
Stewie griffin is gay 
Don't you think it would be funny if station was on if you really knew me 
Don't you think silent library would be super easy 
106 and park new video was aight 
Jailbroken iPods rule XD 
At the end of the school year I will be $60 richer 
Saver line today :( which means no sleep for me man this sucks 
But as soon as you come walking my way you gon hear me say 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . FML 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . Anyone with a question you want me to answer send it to my inbox and I'll answer it I dare you to post this as your status 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and brttany i hope you guys are ready I know I am 
I feel like the only person on the planet w/o my schedule 
Gon keep on bangin on our walls but nothins gonna change I bet the neighbors know my name 
School was ok really excited for ROTC and cross country this year i can't wait to get my physical in 
You got served . One of the best dance movies ever 
Like if you know what FNG means XD 
AP+Homework = FML :( 
Ready for UK basketball to get here so we can win another sec championship hopefully the national championship too 
I know way too many people here right now that I didn't know last year who the fuck are y'all 
Me < PROPFIRST > chadwell and Aris Roussos are bout to have a dance off who do you think will win ? 
Me , < PROPFIRST > Chadwell , and < PROPMALE > Diggz Kirksey are the best singing combo alive who wanna step to us 
Definitely bout to win worst cake 
Bout to go play basketball like < PROPFIRST > minus all of the skills :D 
Played basketball and then went for a good long run bout to get on that < PROPFIRST > chadwell and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > status get ready for me XD 
You know how you realize things after I while . Well I just realized that nobody ever questions me when I tell them I go by woodie . I think I would question somebody who told me there name was woodie 
Don't you hate it when you spend like 20 minutes looking for your noodle package so you give up and open another pack of noodles then you check your pocket and find the old noodle pack . . . FML 
Who wants to go running ? Woodie does 
Hey you with the face ? 
The all state piece this year is horrible bring back Io mi son gio vinnetta 
Ok now Boise state don't blow it 
So your tellin me that I'm supposed to wait on the bus after it's already late by 20 minutes and keep waiting . No I don't think so 
Cause it's on yeah girl it's on you know what it is when I finally make it home I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone yeah I hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone 
Looking for a new phrase to make popular I have already gone through do many 
PT TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
HELLZ YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Hopefully the team I'm on will smash again hahahahaha 
What would you do without me ? 
Had fun at the cross country meet we did really good but now I'm tired and I have no food :( this sucks \ 
Now I have to get ready to go to < PROPFIRST > county tomorrow 
Man see this is what happens when you live in the ghetto 
Man I miss you alot gotta stay busy 
we have 122 mutual friends and i have never seen you in my life wtf 
Eminem is the best rapper alive period nobody on earth is better than him and i ean nobody not weezy not drake nobody from young money not flocka not naz not fabulous NOBODY people continue to say he is not the best well they are lying nobody is better he is the definition of real hip hop and rap and he cannot be touched so go ahead and listen to pretty boy swag and over and i will bang this almost famous 
bluegrass choral music festival today its over at 6 then who knows whats next really bored and detemined hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > ask for the number if you dont have it but want it 
all state auditions here i come again 1/10 of a point is not an option this year XD 
woooo all state auditions are over finally i did a awesome job and im really happy everyonr got through it without fainting or throwing up ( < PROPFIRST > ) XD 
sometimes i just want people to go away for a while and stop asking me whats wrong with me 
man whats wrong with me why cant i stop being angry i just want to be happy but its not happening for some reason no matter what i do 
i dont even know whats on my mind 
Woooooooo keep it up rams only a half game out of first with the bye week coming up lets keep it going 
no school for me today 
ok seriously guys who is the best rapper alive right now ? I say its eminem 
so i work all day and then cant sleep at all when i should be asleep this is weak 
finally < PROPFEMALE > pong champion 
woohoo college basketball is finally here time to cheer for these uk wildcats lets win the maui invitational :) 
halftime uk is up lets go ! \ 
just reralized that < PROPMALE > harrelsson is not that good 
good win UK thats how you get it done . Duke is looking really good in this game hopefully i will get a better look at washington today to see whats next for the big blue 
today is a tough game for uk against washington they are no joke . Im confident the cats will play better defense and keep washington from scoring so many threes lets go uk !! 
BET stands for black entertainment television right ? Well im black and im not completely entertained by this station i mean the music is fine but after that theres nothing i think they should add some cartoons or sports to make it better or other things that entertain us besides music 
madrigal practice tomorrow kinda excited :) 
AP session tomorrow :( fml 
sitting here at howards just watch lil < PROPMALE > kill a ninja turtle in a rap battle this is what the turtle said . . . \imma treat < PROPMALE > like my meat . So when we battle you gon get ( pause ) you gon lose . Hahahaha " 
13 . You are wild and crazy you are not afraid to speak your mind thats what i like about you 
54 my favorite alto without you or choir is trash and you are cool < PROPFEMALE > thats a plus :) 
54 ( again ) what can i say we have had so many good times together i wish we could get back to that . You are an awesome person who i enjoy talking to :) 
123 . You are cool peoples you are funny but kinda quiet at times but thats cool . Your taste in rappers could be better 
1616 . I love you little sis hopefully i will get to < PROPFEMALE > with you soon because i havent seen you in forever 
666 . Where do i start you are very flambouyant and exciting and very intelligent you are one of the coolest people i know and its gonna suck when you are gone next year 
I wonder if anyone has noticed we dont have school tomorrow ? 
playing halo reach online ? 
in my mj mode as you can see by my videos 
BORED haha chillng with Aris Roussos at his house 
devotion and < PROPFEMALE > by bayside . Dont forget it 
dont you hate it when somebody tries to tell you how to play a game after you have beat them like 8 times at it 
guitar hero with the controller is super easy 
truth is ? 
no matter what anybody says through the fire flames is the hardest song of all the guitar hero games 
tell meeeeeee whats really going on 
no school today or tomorrow :( . Stupid sickle cell 
lets go auburn ! Do it for the sec . The best conference 
once again defense and the SEC wins another championship . Great coaching in the last 10 seconds by chizik 
missed rotc and chorus today :( 
oh how fast uk basketbll can turn around a dismal day :) go big blue ! 
Everybody calm down about the steelers the packers are going to win the superbowl 
so we have school today but not yesterday but nothing has changed fml 
might be getting switched out of station :( this sucks . 
man it sucks not going to school . hopefully i can get in contact with my dad today 
on my way to school . Hopefully 
im super bored and im tired of staying up all the time 
Not in a good mood at all 
oh man those steelers fan sure are quiet now hmmmmmmmmmmmm GO PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
TOUCHDOWN PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lets go baby hahahahah 
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW man i hate to see the steelers lose like this ahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahah psyche 
ITS OVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thats right I picked them at the beginning of the year and they pulled through thats how you get it done . congratulations packers you deserve it . ahahahahahahahah 
6 degrees . Yeah im sure i wont be going to school 
it feels really weird now 
Dang I really have alot to think about now . I feel like I have no idea what I want anymore . Peace guys hmu if you want to . 
I love you Grand dad you will be missed ! :( 
i am really bored 
chocolate is great 
YEAH !!!!!! Undefeated at home ! lets go UK 
confessions pt 1 is my jam 
bored . So i guess i will do first impressions 
Hmm it was brought to my attention that i like bayside , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and the rascal flatts . thats pretty intense if you ask me 
Uk game today come on cats lets pull this one out 
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh . Thats how you win a game on the road . LETS GO UK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate how people pretend to be UK fans it really pisses me off 
To all of you bandwagon jumpers . find your own team and stay with it . Im tired of people Liking a team just because they won the championship or because they have all the best player . But they have hated the team until they won . Like florida fans trying to cheer for UK or Steelers fans trying to cheer for the Packers after the superbowl . Its ridiculous and it makes you look pitiful 
And on a final note dont think that im a bandwagon jumper . if you think that i am feel free to ask me any questions about the rams , St < PROPFIRST > cardinals , < PROPMALE > Rockets , UK Wildcats , or the red wings , or the packers ! 
or the MICHIGAN WOLVERINES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Who is bored ? 
im bored so im gonna ask a bunch of question and see who knows the answers . answer if you want to . i will start with an easy one . What is my middle name 
ok where was i born 
When is my birthday ? 
What is my favorite color 
whats my lucky number 
ATTENTION ALL !!!!!!!!!! Adonis PurpleGloves Gillum KILSS IT !!!!!!! WITH HIS CAT DADDY . YOU HAVE TO SEE HIM DO IT 
Man my homies are ready 
Happy birthday mommy I love you !!!!! 
hmm i guess i will do confessions 
confession #1 I love running 
confession #2 I love my mommy < PROPFIRST > kirksey more than any and everytrhing 
gonna take some pics of my new haircut now keep liking for confessions 
confession 3 : i want to study music in college 
confession 4 : i hope to go to the air force academy 
confession 5 : i hate sickle cell but it has made me who i am 
confession 6 : i have a beautiful neice 
confession 7 : i have thought about quitting jrotc many times 
Confession 8 : i absolutely hate sad people they ruin the happiness that i try to create 
Confession 9 : i really miss my brother < PROPMALE > 
confession 10 : sometimes i wish things were the same as they used to be , but i dont regret any decisions that i have made in my life 
confession 11 : i love it when you laugh so hard your ribs start hurting 
confession 12 : if i respect you then the last thing you want to do is piss me off that would ruin everything for you 
Confession 13 : its really hard for me to fully trust people 
Confession 14 : i miss her 
Confession 15 : march 12 2011 was one of the greatest days of my life 
Confession 16 : i am ready to own this act 
Confession 17 : i realized that nice guys finish last all the time . So i guess im just waiting for the one girl that puts nice guys in first 
Confession 18 : i love you God ! 
Confession 19 : i love meeting new people 
Confession 20 : doing the right thing is hard but thats what makes it worth doing 
Confession 21 : i believe in miracles 
Confession 22 : i love winning alot 
Confession 23 : my room is always cold 
Confession 24 : after 16 my birthday started becoming pointless 
Confession 25 : when people cry because they are sad its hard for me to not get mad . 
Confession 26 : i want to be a squadron commander at sls 
Confession 27 : i want to be the group commander for ky 041 
Confession 28 : i still miss middle school 
Confession 29 : i think kentucky has an amazing < PROPMALE > to make it to the final four 
Confession 30 : as a michigan fan i have to pick michigan over tennesse even though it might hurt my brcaket 
Confession 31 : the selection committee helped out the sec teams by making sure they wouldnt match up with uk haha . No florida or tennessee 
Confession 32 : you dont want me to give you the pringles face 
Confession 33 : i am scared that i might have daughters when i decide to have kids 
Confession 34 : some people were meant to follow . And thats why they made twitter 
Confession 35 : it seems like i always get the raw end of the deal 
Confession 36 : i am not affected by what others think of me 
Confession 37 : i feel like nothing matters right now 
Confession 38 : i havent cried in a long long long time 
Confession 39 : i make things hard on myself 
Confession 40 : i dont know why i feel like i do 
Confession 41 : its hard for me to express my feelings 
WOOHOOOOOOOOOO its Jesus time :) 
Confession 42 : life isnt fair get over it 
Confession 43 : i hate it when people lie to me 
Confession 44 : i am going to start getting in better shape 
Confession 45 : beef jerky is starting to annoy me 
Confession 46 : take the evil out of the people and they are no longer human . They will not act right . 
Confession 47 : confession 46 is the only thing that i disagreed with tupac on 
Confession 48 : if you love something let it go . And if it comes back then thats how you know . I love that song 
Confession 49 : loving someone who doesnt love you is a bad idea ( ladies ) 
confession 50 : read the note 
yessssssssssssssssss morehead state over louisville :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
come on penn state dont let < PROPFEMALE > get the upset ( figurative ) 
wanted to see penn state win that one but oh well 
realized i made alot of changes to my bracket that might cost me 
thank you harrelson and miller for showing the freshman how to play in the tournament . And thank you knight for winning the game 
WHO WANTS TO PLAY BASKETBALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????? 
man im bored anybody want to go to the movies today ? 
like this if i have ever made you smile in your life . Put this as your status and see how many people you have made smile 
written communication for sergeants book just got smashed by this guy :) up top ! 
sometimes i just want to lose control then i think about the consequences people would face 
nothing at all just chillin whats up ? 
this is it guys the first time i willgo to sleep this weekend :) im so happy 
this is it guys the first time i will go to sleep this weekend :) im so happy 
extremely pissed right now ! Im done 
i just wish somethings could go back to how they were 
final four !!!!!!! 
takes on the game : < PROPMALE > liggins took a terrible shot . Uconn got some pretty shaky calls . It was an awesome game though . Im proud of uk though lets bring it home next year . I hope uconn wins it 
whoever is saying uk sucks needs to sit down with that mess If they were they wouldnt have been in the final 4 and they wouldnt have beaten the best team in the country its funny how some people are such haters Its sad how they couldnt say nothing when we won 7 straight Not only did we have the hardest road in the tourney we still made it to the final 4 If your a true uk fan like this 
what times do we need to be at the school tomorrow and when are we coming back ? 
back in lexington . Hmu if you want to talk or chill . Ask 4 the # 
backpack full of water plus a basketball equals im not staying at home anymore . Hmu if you want to do something 
ok i think im awake now . Finally 
definitely need to have more weekends like this one . It was awesome 
soooo whos hungry ? I am ! 
< PROPFEMALE > please stop trying to talk to me . Stop calling me and messaging me please ! Its for your and my own good 
Tengo Hambre !!!! 
