waiting to go to the theatre . gonna suck so bad i dislike twilight with a passion 

Sitting at home , really with nothing to do . Bored out of my mind cant wait till the Football season starts . 
Gonna talk to my parents about switching out of Cadillac after footballs done . Dont know for sure but its an idea im throwing around . 
Is really annoyed by people who put up cartoon characters for their profiles and spend all day playing games on the computer . Why cant everyone grow up and get a life ? 
Really tired of females in general . With the exception of like two , that i actually like , id be better off without them . Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with some of the guys later . Whooot . Gotta love it when theirs no girls to complain about everything . Its a good c < PROPFEMALE > e from the way things have been recently . And i took over my facebook and myspace again . My friends dont have the passwords anymore hahaha . 
Haha all you people will have trouble reading this because its upside down , oh ... wait .... dang ... it didnt work ... damn 
Wow , life sucks 
Can't wait for football camp , its gonna be huge ! Hell Yeah ! WHOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Everyone wants to see me Tuesday . WTF ? Dont i ever get a day off ? Geez people leave me alone for a day . 
I've got a new spot i < PROPFEMALE > out at . Away from all the people who ive forgotten and those who have forgotten me . 
Im not a football player . A football player is someone who plays against other teams in the hope of a hard fought victory . I am a football practicer . I practice football and get yelled at for doing it wrong . The story of my life . 
T . C West just got a lesson on why we're BNC champs . KILL CATS ! * Vikings fought to literally die , looking for an opponent strong enough to defeat them so they could enjoy the afterlife , thus the BERSERKER , unleashing all anger and energy on the offense , armor was for the weak . * GO BERSERK , CATS are NEXT ! 
At football video , then home . 
Took out alpena , kicked Sum a ** and now Belding . Hope they all have fresh underwear cuz they're gonna need it . 
lol idk but I got kal with me she's so cute 
got < PROPFEMALE > with me . aww so cute . 
Yeah Green , beat Denards face in , GO GREEN ! 
Apparently Im 18 now ... to the casino , woot woot . 
Been a pretty ok day . Chilled with < PROPFEMALE > for a while , went to video nite , not too bad at all . 
Hard fight with Petoskey . Vikings raped , killed , and pillaged the Northmen . 
Marquette V.S. Bay City < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 41-7 near the half . Looks like were hittin the Yooper Dome cuz Glens gettin creamed . 
Well , bad news . The Marquette coach decided that we are not going to be playing in the Dome . He wants to keep it outside to try to slow us down . Shaw , rite . Have you see Weeks run ? 
Now we are district champions . We won 28 to 0 . On the road to Regionals . 
The game goes to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . Definently . 
Mt . Pleasant coming up . Going to be a great game . They're a solid team , but so are we . Strap Up . 
Cadillac football is done for the season . Time to move toward the future . 
You can only take so many hits before you break , or you break someone else . 
Parents are annoying lol 
Hello Darkness , my old friend . I've come to talk with you again . Because a vision softly , creeping , left it's seeds while I was sleeping . And the vision , that was planted in my brain , still remains , in the sound , of silence . 
Tired of everyone . Why can't you all leave me alone ? You can only harass me so much before I do something about it . 
\The bad turns to worse and the worse turns into hell . \ " -Godspeed-Anberlin " 
Ay you sup broski 
I'm with < PROPFEMALE > . Awesomenessness 
Confession time . ( INBOX ONLY ) . 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to TELL me OR ask me . ( 100% private ) . Put this as your status . You might be surprised 
Gotta work at 430 till 8 , then idk . Txt if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > out Ltr . 
Its that time of the year again . Sick of the cold and can't wait to get out the quad . 
What we are is the sum of a thousand lies What we know is almost nothin at all We are what we are till the day we die or till we dont have the strength to go on 
All because of you , I haven't slept in so long when I do I dream of drowning in the oceon longing for the shore where I can lay my head down . Ill follow your voice , all you have to do is shout it out . 
Its < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > day and of course ... Cadillac is the only one with school . 
Way too early to be up on MLKJ day . Way , way , way to early . 
Really annoying 9th graders in 1st hour 
Really bored . Nun to talk to 
Bored . Utterly and fantastic ally losing my mind , to the intertwining webs that are an oscillating visage of sheer malicious boredom . 
Bored as hell . Nothing to do until work at 4 . 
Do you have the strength to go on ? What we are is the sum of a thousand lies What we know is almost nothin at all We are what we are till the day we die or till we dont have the strength to go on 
Just woke up . Bored . No sleep barely 
Lol who's on facebook during school . 
Perfect score in Alg . 2 . Hell yeah ! 
People piss me off so much 
We have school today . Totally sucks . Not even a 2 hour delay . 
Algebra 2 . Again . Bored . Again . 
In the hot tub . Way too freakin hot , yet so nice . 
Lol Some people should be sleeping . 
Green Bay with the win . COME ON JETS ! GET UR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS ! 
BITCH PLEASE ! 
Onward to class . Ugh . 
Its sad when a way of thought dies . Its tragic when it changes you completely , and you don't feel the same about anyone . 
Algebra 2 . Bored . 
Missed the bus , gonna be late to school . Whatever whatever . 
Out of school and onto ... nothing . 
A Hero Of War , yeah that's what ill be . And when I come home they'll be damn proud of me . Ill < PROPFEMALE > this flag , to the grave if I must , cuz its a flag that I love , and a flag that I trust . 
Bored . Health class . 
Bored as hell . Nothing to do . Ugh . 
I don't know what it is about football . The grass , the hot and cold , the burn of air in your lungs , or the fans in the stands . All I know , is that its something we all love . But the good times have to have an end . Then there's the real side of football . Its not something you can describe to people . Its the silence in the locker room . That bitter silence at the end of a good run . 
Everything hurts . Everything is dark . The negative presses deep against you harder than any tackle ever could . It rearranges your guts and smashes you into the ground . A dark presence so terrible you can't help but wish you had never woken up . 
Its easy to smile when your team is going strong . Its easy to laugh at the jokes . Its all easy . Until the end comes . Its there that the real men come out . Its there , where players realize that they aren't players anymore , and that they'll never wear those cleats or shoulder pads again . That the helmets going to < PROPFEMALE > for another year , another player , another young man ready to take on the challenge . 
Its when that darkness touches your soul that you must choose . Its when you understand that there's not another week . That there's not another < PROPMALE > . The boys become men . The stars in your eyes dim . But they don't die . Its not the end of us . Its not the end of football . We will live on . Once a team . Always a team . There's no other way to look at it . We are the Cadillac Vikings of 2010-2011 . We'll always live on . 
Bored . Idk what I'm doin today . Guess ill go workout for a while . 
Why ? Your askin ME why ? Cuz I'm < PROPFIRST > fuckin Yager's the reason why ! 
Sucks . Up at 6 . Wtf . Way too damn early . 
Well , I officially feel a thousand times better now that I've said sorry to her . Its gonna be a good day . I can feel it . 
Algebra . Working hard . Bored . 
Talked to < PROPFEMALE > , I feel better now . Out of school , and to work at 430 . What a day . 
Bored . On my way home from work . Easy day easy money . Gonna play Monster < PROPMALE > Tri on the Wii for a bit . 
Its early , its cold , wtf . Wish I coulda slept in . 
Bored like crazy 
No school , off to work . Don't get the day off either way . 
Getting ready for work 
Zombieland ! 
There seems to be a lot of poking going on lol 
Off to bed . Monster hunting tommorow . 
School today . Sucks but I get to work on my SkillsUSA powerpoint and stuff today . Sorry Mr. P and Mr. K but I'm skippin Character D because I need the time to finish . Priorities . 
Massive destruction day . Congalalas and Blos beware , today is your day of reckoning . 
On the way home . Gonna smash out some Monster < PROPMALE > Tri . 
Bored . Did a lot today . Sleep . 
On my way to school . Bored . SkillsUSA tommorow , gonna be fun . 
Got to finish my stuff for SkillsUSA tonight . Gotta get up at 715 tommorow to be at CTC by 8 . Way too early . 
Lol . Its a good night . Phones gonna die so ill stay on as long as I can but if I can't nite . 
Had Regionals today for SkillsUSA . FIRST PLACE ! Going to Lansing for STATE ! 
Bored out of my mind . Get to go see some presentations on Monday . BOOYAH ! 
STEELERS !!! COME ON ! 
How you like that ! Touchdown Steelers ! 
TWO POINT IS GOOD !! HELLYEAH ! 
Stopped em for the 3 . Bring home the touchdown . 
TWO MINUTE DRILL ! 
I'm gonna live a regular life , have a regular family , and die like a regular person . What's the point then ? 
School . :( But I get to go to Ag Science and grade some presentations . Gonna be fun . 
Ctc today . Presentations . Gonna be fun . 
Fail 
If I let it go , if I let this go , if I let you go , would the scars continue to show . 
And I reach out , and I touch you , and I know , that I need you , to reach out , and touch me 
All alone he turns to stone , holding his breathe out to die , Terrified of what's inside , to save his life he crawls like a worm from a bird 
Chillen in jail 
Off to work . 430 till 8 . Fun . 
Restless . Relentless . Merciless . Unforgiving . And most of all , hating how things are changing . Time for me to drop the extras . I need to focus . The line is drawn . Time to decide . 
Cut the extra . Lose the baggage . Too much to < PROPFEMALE > , so throw it all away . 
Algebra 2 . Math sucks . 
Off to da work . Fun fun . 
Bored . Work was heavy , now I'm just chillen 
Everyones happy . She's happy , parents are happy , friends are happy . All the people that matter . Except me . Its always me . I'm the problem in the equation . 
Morning people . Its thursday , nothing to do 
Algebra 2 again . And again , BORED 
Hug a Tall Person Day . That's me lol . 
Bathed in flames , you held the brand , uncurl the fingers in your hand , pressed into the flesh like sand now do you understand ? So tell me now , if this aint love , then how do we get out , cuz I don't know . 
It kills me not to know this , but I've all but just forgotten , what the color of her eyes were , or her scars or how she got them . As the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is droppin . Through the valleys of an aging face that this world has forgotten . 
Work in less than an hour . 
Yeah , I had better things to do then waste time at the Y . I have a Job , making real money . Which is more than most of you can say . So stop hatin on the job and get off YOUR ass and stop begging me for money . 
As their castles crumble slowly , we watch them fall . The crown slips from heads unworthy as we take control . 
Another day of school . Why can't friday get here faster ?!! 
If we fall there will be nothing . No one to catch us , sit back and watch as we spin out of control . 
You're annoying . Yes you . The person reading this . F**k you . ..!.. 
I beg there to be God . Take her to safety . Make her happy like we could not . Protect her like I failed to do . 
Anyone who can attend a service for < PROPMALE > Seitters . Its at horizon books at 3:30 . 
To the heart and mind , ignorance is kind . And there's no comfort in the truth , pain is all you'll find . I'm never gonna dance again , cause guilty feet have got no rhythm . Though its easy to pretend , I know your not a fool . I should have known better than to cheat a friend , and waste the < PROPMALE > that I'd been given , so I'm never gonna dance again , the way I danced with you . 
Idk . Everythings changing . Its hard to keep up anymore . 
When the chips are down , back against the wall , got no more to give , cuz we gave it all , seems like goin the distance is unrealistic , but we're too far from the start . 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber , Plaid Abercrombie , and Twilight . You wonder why we stay away from the \Pop\ " culture ? Because its pop fucking tarded is why . " 
Stab you in the face ! 
Don't Ask . 
And on your left you can see the Aberzombies . Devoid of all creativity , they are mindless buffoons with no real meaning in life except for background characters . And to your right the Ho's , their mates . 
Took me 3 weeks , but finally I played Rise Against-Savior without missing a note . Hell yeah ! Now onto From Heads Unworthy . 
I've been on a losin ' streak , hit so hard I couldn't speak , but when I hear your voice it fades away . 
We had a place that we could call home , And a life no one could touch . Don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground , I don't need your help now , You'll let me down , down , down . 
SELF PITY I never saw a wild thing\ 
sorry for itself . \ 
A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough\ 
without ever having felt sorry for itself 
I never saw a wild thing\ 
Off to work . Gonna be a good day . Maybe mess with the guys a bit . ^^ 
Yesterday was fun . A little strange but fun . 
I will not bow , I will not break . I will shut the world away . I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away . 
i'm tired of girls complaining that theres no good guys left ... hello .. we are where you left us , IN THE FRIEND ZONE . 
Whoot ! FREEEDOM !!!!! 
But seldom do these words ring true , when I'm constantly failing youLike walls that we just can't break through , until we disappear 
As my frustration builds I am compelled to kill everyone that ever stood in my way , or brought me down , to be this way 
I found her . And I went up to her and I said . There's only one rule , don't die . I wrote her a letter , the day after the accident . I reminded her of our only rule . Don't die . 
Sanctification ? Is that what you call this ? This is War ! Everysecond your here your a second from a letter and a pine box ! Its not beautiful , its not poetry . Its about the man beside you . That's all that matters . 
YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT TO COMMENT ON THIS ! 
I thought everything was going great . Now I'm not so sure . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......! 
When your chips are down , back against the wall , got no more to give , cuz we gave it all . Seems like goin the distance is unrealistic but we're too far from the start 
Bad company , I can't deny . Bad , Bad company , until the day that I die . 
I brought down the sky for you , but all you did was shrug . You gave my emptiness a name . And you ran away , now all my friends are gone , maybe we outgrow , all the things we once loved . Run away , what are we runnin from . A show of hands of those in this audience of one . 
If you can't find it in yourself to message me , don't think ill talk to you . 
I'm never gonna dance again , these guilty feet have got no rythmn 
You can spend your day surrounded by people , but its being alone at the end that's the true pain . Knowing < PROPFEMALE > is your own choice , and still being able to do nothing to change it , that's true suffering . Knowing you had what you wanted and lost it , that's what kills the soul . 
> < The last words of a dying cause . 
Heading to work . Droppin < PROPFIRST > off then make some change . 
without ever having felt sorry for itself . 
I guarantee no one alive can answer all of these about me . Favorite Band . Best friend . Favorite Season . Fav . Color . Middle Name . Fav . Music type . No one alive can guess them all . 
So , was duelin this guy , and he's all talkin shit cuz he's got a 22/22 out . < PROPFIRST > my next card . < PROPFIRST > , you know the rest . Ashes to Ashes . Epic swamp destruction of a mountain deck . 
Depravity is the first step towards self actualization . Mongery is the first step towards instinctual reactions . But what is the first step to your self acceptance ? What if everyone likes you except for yourself ? Is that good enough ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Westenra ... DAMNNN !!!!!!! 
Tuesday . Time to show the world what we're made of seniors ! We're halfway there , lookin good now , nothins gonna get in the way ! 
Seriously thinking about the Endgame scenario . 
Single or not , put this as your status & see what you get in your inbox ! ( ; A = i like youB = i really like youC = i like you but im shy to tell youD = i want a relationship ... E = i think you're cuteF = i'm falling for youG = i want to do something with youH = hug me next time i see yo 
Really sick of everyone . Your all acting like bitches . 
Up way too late . Left my phone at work . On the upside the car runs great ! 
Men if your brave post this as your status and see how many people you get Girls-like this status if you think i would/can treat a girl right 
The leprechaun tells me to burn things . ^^ 
Really bored . Really Really bored . 
Got outta work . Gotta work tommorow and Wednesday . Really lookin forward to Thursday 
< PROPFIRST > Yager Likes \Shut The F**k Up \"" 
Getting ready for school . Got an extra 2 hours . Then work . Fun day . Yeah . Make money . 
I look back at all the things I've done wrong over the years . Its a wonder I even bother to get up anymore . 
Like this if you would actually care if I died . Put this on your status & see how many would care . 
Really ? That all ? For a second there I thought I underestimated you . Your nothing but talk ! Lol . Quit wasting my time . 
Those angel wings . Red with blood . My fault . The flames rising from the floor . My fault . The cross broken and splintered . My fault . Those wings , my wings , those flames , I spread with each step , the cross , my final statement . 
Well I was surprised when I came home today . 
Rough day . No one cares . I definently don't care . 
Ample reason for the destitute to lower even more till the only thing left is something even the desperate find repulsive . 
Summation of the Satanic bible : Gods not real . There's no such thing as a higher power . Do what you want , cuz you only get one < PROPMALE > . There's no afterlife . Live , get old , die , game over . 
Inbox me something you have always wanted to tell me .... now set this as your status and see what you ge 
Fergie and the black eyed peas already fucked up the Superbowl , now they're giving them the < PROPMALE > to fuck up the KCA's ? WTF whens everybody gonna realize Fergie , and the Black Eyed Peas , fuckin suck . 
Just got outta work . Easy day , easy money . 
Nahh , But that was funny huh 
Lol . Everyone got snowed on except me lol . There's almost none at my house . Its not even cold . Dirtbike or Quad ... So hard to decide . 
Lots of ways to f**k s**t up ! 
People sicken me . Mostly those that are my age . Most of my old friends ditched me . Thanks guys . 
Going to bed . Gotta work from 830 till 3 . Fun fun . 
If you thinkk im hot , like this . If you think im a good friend commentIf you ever liked me inbox me with a smiley If you like me now inbox me with a heart . if your brave make this your status 
Best part is , since I'm on my blackberry , No Spam ! 
