To my family , extended family and church family , and also friends , I apologize for the past few days . To my people in Pittbsurgh that helped me out in difficult times i love you guys and I am back in New York . Holla at me kidds .... YES YES 

about to spank my sister and her friend in some spades ...... these ppl just dont know that i was trained by the old heads 
May I say congratulations and welcome to the < PROPFIRST > family !? 
Destroyed my sisters friends in spades ... lol ..... sooooooo funny ... yes yes 
knows that experience teaches thoroughly yet her course of instruction devours men's years so the value of her lessons diminishes with the time necessary to acquire her special wisdom . In the end finds it wasted on dead men . 
is something like a b.e.a.s.t. = better especially after serious trails ...... 
Glad the Steelers didnt make the playoffs ..... 
good morning all ... i am going to bed .... peace 
\oh yea !? \"" 
study to shew thyself approved 
open mic tonight ! im performing hit me up if you tryin to come wit or perform 
open mic folks peace 
its late folks .. can believe i was studying for 4 hours .... wow .... lata kids ... yes yes .... 
< PROPFIRST > Rogers ? 
is studying ! 
im done studying tonight ..... off to bed . 
little studying tonight . early bedtime for me . 
i dont know if anyone is up this late but if anyone is watchin the game .... this is y i do not like lebron < PROPFIRST > ...... 
wow what a 3 pointer .... wow ...... i am glad the jazz won ... the rookie .... sundiata gaines .... is the man ..... i dont like lebron 
IM BRAND NEW , I AINT GOT A SCRATCH ON ME ..... TRUTH BE TOLD , ILL SHOW U WANT SUBSTANCE IS/ I KNOW IM NICE , SO WHEN I BOAST IM ONLY RUBBING IT IN 
I have a dream as well ......... Thank God for Dr. MLK Jr 
Renouce all your thoughts/ Repent and let your mind be retaught/ You find what you saught/ was based on a deception you brought/ a perception of naught/ where the majority remains caught/ Loving a lie/ not realizing that in < PROPFIRST > all die/ -LH 
the one that i love birthday's tomorrow ... and i cant tell her .... :-/ 
Anger empties out the soul and brings even its dregs to light . That is why , if we know no other way of discovering the truth of the matter , we must know how to put our acquaintances , our adherents and opponents , into a rage , so as to learn all that is really being thought and undertaken against us . 
Optimism means expecting the best , but confidence means knowing how to handle the worse . NEVER make a move if your merely optimistic . 
Real talent dont die it manifests ... KJI props to Falcon 
i love living life , i live for the love of life , i live life to make love , and all that that makes me love the life i live . And I have my life lived in love . JPR 
