It's late ... if I had it my way , I'd be asleep ... only have four hours before I have to be up again ... 

`Lotta things going on in life . I'm sure we all have our own problems to their own varying degrees , but I can't help but look forward to the future . I know that there are good things on the horizon just waiting for us to reach out and grasp them . 
I've never known myself to be emotional ... actually , I'm usually quite the opposite , but here lately I've been forced to deal with a lot of changes . Normally changes aren't so bad , but ... I guess you could say that they're really affecting my self-esteem . My sister's become ... overly emotional lately ; my old man keeps complaining to me about his truck ; I've got issues to worry about bill-wise . I don't know what to do . 
Here lately , an old flame of mine and I have been talking , and while we're not going to be getting back together ANYTIME soon ... she still drags out that hurt side of me . I doubt I'll recover from how she hurt me in the near future ... but all these emotions , all this stress , and all this uncertainty ... it's destructive ... and confusing . 
\Where am I going in life ? What are my goals ? How can I acheive those goals ? \ " These are questions that are floating around in my head ... but there are so many more ... \ " What is the purpose of following a path in life ? Why do I need goals ? What is the true purpose of acheiving them ? \ " But that's just the tip of the iceburg . Why am I so confused ? Why can't I understand ? What is this test ? " 
Layers upon layers of thoughts and emotions are roiling inside me , threatening to take over my mind and soul . I feel like I'm being ripped apart and the only thing I can think of is how painful it is . I'm so confused ... 
Wish this month wasn't here yet ... 
... So I did that Zodiac compatability thing , and found out that my closest friends are either Taurus or Saggitarius . Not that it said I was compatible or anything , but I only pout my close friends names up there . I didn't realize I associated with Bulls and Archers that much ! No complaints ! :P 
Blerg 
... Being single sucks ... 
Feeling more optimistic that I have in a long time . 
It's Christmas , so why do I feel so alone ? LOL ! I sound EMO ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ( or happy holidays if you don't celebrate it :P ) 
I'm feeling better ! I stopped by the gas station to pick up a few things to eat ... and had this really attractive girl check me out :P I feel much better ! 
I had a girlfriend some time ago that I dedicated almost all my time to . We were happy ... happier than I'd been in a long time . 
Sadly , it ended , but I can't hold it against her ... love's a two-way street , you know ? But the least she could do is talk to me . She was one of my closest friends , and the next thing I know , I call her and get a \I don't think you should call this number again ... \ " and hangs up . And now I'm left with nothing but pain and confusion ... And I can't help but wonder why ... " 
Feeling older than I've ever felt before . 
I've been going to the gym for about a week now , and I'm starting to see some improvement ... wonder what'll happen after a few months ? 
I can't help but wonder what the plan laid out for me is . I'm a firm believer that everything happens for a reason , but is there a reason for nothing happening ? I really wish I could get a glimpse of the future , so I would know what to do now . I want to follow what I feel inside , but should I do that if it only leads to another's pain ? 
Have you ever just wanted someone to talk to , but known that if you talk to someone , they'll think differently of you ? 
I got to see an old friend at < PROPFEMALE > Corral tonight ! Haven't seen her in a long time and , oddly enough , I ended up sitting at the table beside hers without even knowing about it ! 
So , I have this friend that I work with , and she just got a promotion . I'm happy for her , yes , but for some reason , she felt it necessary to delete all of her friends from work from her facebook to ' Keep it Professional ' . 
For some reason , I think she's taking this a little far . She didn't get a promotion to management , she got a promotion to specialist . She has no real authority or power , so why exactly is she forcing everyone away to keep a job that requires extreme contact with people professional ? 
Fried Potatoes 
They tell me to stay away . Those two words I can't obey ... 
I hasd a mentor once who would go on and on about the ' Real World ' and he was right to an extent . But never before would I have guessed that it would be this ... ... Disappointing ... 
Is se fee fee , leh leh ehone ! 
You never know what you've lost until you touch your arm and can't feel it . 
There ain't no rest for the wicked , LOL ! 
Someone managed to thoroughly piss me off tonight . I'm an easygoing guy , but do NOT question my integrity . 
Yeah , I can't be quite sure , but I think being awake would be much more interesting WITHOUT allergies ... 
First day at the new job was rough , but I'll get used to it soon enough . 
I'm tired and I'm lonely , but worst of all , I don't know if I would be able to take companionship even if it were offered . My head hurts ... I'm tired ... I'm passing out for the night . Got more work in the morning . 
Another day at work ... different job though , lol . After a bit of thought I've come to realize how little time I'll have to do anything . With all the work that needs done to the trailer , I think I'm going to be VERY sleep deprived for a while . 
Off work . It's kinda nice , but I'm beginning to like opening at eCycle more , lol . Maybe I'm turning into a morning person ... ... ... Nah . 
I'm evil . And I love it . LOL 
Got my first paycheck from my new job today ... and WOW . I made more in a week than I do in two weeks at BAM . WTF ? 
Poke\ 
me if youever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm a goodfriend . \ 
Message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on \ 
this if we have had good memories . Lets see who's brave enough \ 
tocopy and paste this on their status . 
So I was hallucinating on the ride home to the point of signs growing taller and seeing various movements at the side of my vision , but that doesn't compare to the fact that I had mostly gotten used to it at the end of the ride BUT APPARENTLY that Deer that I nearly hit was NOT , in fact , a hallucination . 
I'm getting tired of fakes . It's okay to say one thing and mean it , but when you're trying to be someone you're not and then , as an offered outcome is happening , suddenly change your mind and say that it's not who you are ... I believe that is among the highest forms of betrayal ... intentional or not . 
Imagine sitting a work with a drill in one hand and a hard drive in the other ... now imagine your best friend walking up with the walls of a < PROPMALE > ( about 30lbs ) above his head . Now imagine that he throws it and DROPS IT ON YOUR HEAD ! IT FREAKING HURT ! Knocked some sense into me though ... and a migrane T-T 
On saturday I'll have my first day off in 20 days O.o So ... very ... close ... 
Just drove a forklift for the first time in 3 years ... and had it figured out after 10 seconds ... lol . Didn't realize such a complex machine was so simple . 
I'm being forced to manually delete 99% of the updates that my computer has installed over the past 6 years T-T 
Saw Avatar on Thursday ... I saw both the worst and the best acting of my life in that movie . Lol . 
Imagine my surprise when I'm driving down the road and see this MASSIVE bird on the roadside . I wasn't aware hawks got that big O.o 
Why does it still hurt ? Nearly two years have passed and it all but subsided ... and now it's back . Why does it still hurt ? 
So close to the Uproar Festival ... so ... very ... close ... 
I'm hot , sweaty , my hair is sticking up in random places and is clumped together from dirt ... I have shards of glass and plastic all over my hands , arms , and face ... Yup , just another day at work . 
Halo Reach is out ... and I'm at work for another ten hour day ... \ 
WHY MUST IT TORTURE ME SO ?!?!? T-T 
Not feelin so hot ... something feels off and I can't pinpoint what it is ... 
Was sitting on Red Top Mountain , talking to my mother , when my passenger \ 
( Ace Winterborn ) held up his hands like he had a police laser ... and the car he was pointing at IMMEDIATELY SLOWED DOWN ! LMFAO ! It was hilarious ! 
I now officially know how hemophiliacs feel O.O 
I actually lost it tonight ... I ACTUALLY LOST IT ! THAT HASN'T HAPPENED IN YEARS ! WTF ?!? 
It's been an interesting night ; I'm sure the coming months will get a LOT more interesting . 
Okay , I give up ... what in the world does FML MEAN ?!?!?! 
I remember one night when I was pizza driving , a bigger dog wandered into the road when I was about to pass another car , so we both slowed down to a crawl . Well , I decided to honk to scare the dog out of the road ... it didn't work that well . The dog tried to run across the road , but stared at my car the entire time ... 
Not feelin so hot . I haven't felt normal in over a week ... this sucks ! Lol . 
Today has been one of the strangest days of my life . I woke up at 9:30 suffering from hyperventilation cause apparently I kicked a blanket off me in the middle of the night ... in a room that was below 70 degrees ... 
It never ceases to amaze me how little luck I have . Today , at work , I was requested to pull a music display to the other side of the building ... half way there , the bottom ripped and EVERYTHING toppled over . Well , if nothing else , at least I keep the job interesting ! 
Here's to learning from our past mistakes and knowing exactly what will happen if we try them again . 
Some words are best if left unspoken , \ 
Some paths are best if left untread , \ 
But in truth , we all are broken\ 
And left in a world that's tainted red ... 
I wonder what's worse ... hurting because of something you did , or regretting telling the truth , because had you lied , you would be happy . 
Yep ... I'm bored . I'm thinking of buying some weights JUST so I'll have something to do at 4 in the morning OTHER than lay on my stomache on the computer . This way I can be lifting weights while sitting in a chair on the computer ^-^ 
I have OFFICIALLY used a Shuriken to pull out something 6cm under one of my fingernails . I feel complete . Lol . 
So apparently being awake between midnight and 6am isn't actually normal ? 
For some reason , when a woman wears less clothing , it makes her ' hotter ' . Who though that crock up ? Sorry ladies , have some decency and put some clothes on . That way you might actually find someone who think's your beautiful without the sole < PROPFEMALE > of getting in your pants . 
FINALLY ! I found the combination I was looking for ! This song's ganna be great ! 
Gotta be up early ... but every time I try to go to bed , something stops me . 
I hear the Siren's call , leading me to nowhere 
Running out of bullets ? The SnS has the answer : ... MORE BULLETS !!! 
Dear Mr. President , I hereby want to freeze payrates for the military next year . Are you also willing to cut your own pay to save money ? While were at it why not cut the congressmans pay as well . If your not willing to pay the people who risk their lives everyday why should we pay those who take no risks at all ? Keep this going if you agree . 
5 months left ... 5 more months and I can finally go back to school ... after waiting a few more for the semester to start back up , lol . 
I meant to post this on Friday , but was too tired to do it when I got to my computer , so I'll go for it now . Friday started our UNFORGETTABLE hours at B.A.M. and was one of my more ... interesting days . Started off with waking up to my best friend trying to get me to help take down a tree ... 
Pain ... lots of pain . Dodgeball was fun , but the after effects if it kinda suck . I managed to get hit when I was falling backwards ... and it was enough to propell me to the ground , roll me over , and land me in a crouching position . I'd be laughing at it too if it didn't still hurt O.o 
So I've come to the conclusion ... I'm not one of the ' nice guys ' anymore . Lol . I figured that out some time ago , but never really got around to thinking about it . Not much of a loss now that I think about it ... \ 
Words of advice to all the ' nice guys ' out there : look for more . There's more to it than being reliable and treating a lady nice . 
There aren't a whole lot of people left in the world that I would call ' gentlemanly ' , but today my girlfriend and I were at a subway when we began speaking to a seated elderly couple . After some time and a lot of laughs , we learned that they had been together for over 50 years . 
Two days ! O.o 
One Day !!! 
Moved into the new apartment ! Downside ? I got fired the next day T-T oh well , trying to keep a positive outlook . Searching for a new job :/ 
It's beyond me how ... but somehow or another , I ended up with 77 emails in a span of a couple days O.o 
Finally got a new job ! Only took a month this time O.o 
