How bout ' them Cowboys !! 

Rain , rain go away ... 
Listening to Nine Inch Nails in bed while hearing you breathe .......... yes , it's like that ..... 
So every year I make resolutions . One is always to quit smoking and the other is to be a better person . Well I've quit smoking , and I'm kinda iffy about whether I've been a better person . This year my resolutions are to find some new hobbies , make use of my gym membership or put the donut down ( I can't decide ) , and to prioritize my life better . :) 2011 !!!!! Will it be rung in with a kiss ?!? I hope so ! 
Nothing like a smack in the face . It can cure what ails u ! 
Just got a welcome back teachers email from my principal . Damn I felt so frazzled before the break , and now I'm reenergized and excited for my new kids and new challenges . School is back !!! 
Is up very early in the morning . I got the coffee pot ready , and soon it will be chirpin ' . My agenda today is simple : experience today all day . Last but not least , I am taking my pup to Petco for his day of beauty . He'll be transformed from my mangy stinky boy to my pretty boy in no time flat . :) 
Good morning ... good morning 
getting ready for work this morning ... oh , yeah ! 
The beautiful , beautiful boys who dotted the landscape like jewels , split the air with their shouts in the field , and thickened the river with their shining wet backs . ( Sula - < PROPFEMALE > Morrison ) 
just spending time with my < PROPFEMALE > hoping that all this water will help metabolize all the < PROPFEMALE > I had last night . 
Feeling better than I have in months ... and finished reading Sula . I just love < PROPFEMALE > Morrison's work . Now to catch up on < PROPMALE > Easton < PROPFIRST > . Bring it ! 
At work now ... will read Dracula and wait for my students to walk in . 
JD , you were such a recluse ... i barely knew 
It's almost 5:00 . Ready to go home and hopefully enjoy my evening . 
Grrr ! 
' bout to take care of business ! Yeah .... that's right ! 
Maybe just a little too many starfuckers ... Some were OUT and about ... woke up today feeling great after a day like yesterday . Now about to have lunch with my love dove and just chill till the party tonight . 
Getting ready to go to Teppy's party ... now what to drink ? 
It's Super Bowl Sunday ... what else is there to do ? Go Saints ! 
Just relaxing ... get to start my weekend with my sweetheart early . Yay !! 
... 
Rubbing up on my Love < PROPFEMALE > , Ayda Fellysha Rodriguez , and eating some Haribo Gummy Bears . 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Gracin 
One of the kitties died ... buried it and now watching the other five even more carefully . Sad . We have five now . Going to the vet first thing in the morning . 
Fucking Zeta trial ... you < PROPMALE > me of my sleep . 150 pages left to go out of 1250 . Almost home ! 
Done with the Zeta trial .... yay !!! to Friday being tomorrow . Finally get to spend some time with my baby and hit up those margaritas ! 
@ Oasis havin ' margaritas ! 
How to Train Your Dragon ... AWESOME !!! 
beer glorious beer 
Beer glorious beer gave me a hangover ... 
Sing , sing , sing of the BBC Big Band Orchestra keeping me company while I complete all these assignments ! 
Crooning to < PROPMALE > Connick Jr. ' s Charade . my favorite of fave from him . When will he come to Texas again ? Damn < PROPMALE > . damn sound . My singing ... his singing ... will distract me . 
fucking Spurs ... why < PROPFIRST > why ? Oh well ... Tomorrow then . 
woke up still wanting Shock Top and maybe the company of that sexy girl I was with last night ... 
The NFL draft , the Mavericks , and the Cavaliers tonight ! Damn . I need three tvs or another visit to BWW . Now I need more beer . :) 
good draft day ... good fucking game 
is listening to < PROPFEMALE > Streisand .... I just adore her ... 
Nothing like some Nine Inch Nails to get my day started . -- Every day is exactly the same . There is no love here , and there is no pain . 
is drinking fucking carbonated water .... stupid budweiser select . Beer gods save me !!! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > reruns ... maybe gonna do some homework . Needs a new PS3 game . 
just here with my baby .... some shock top and heineken . Let's see if we can change the future . 
Spurs can suck it !!! Here with my baby possibly drunk facebooking .... having a beer for Meli , and enjoying this night of irresponsibility ! 
last day for the academy . excited it's over . ;) 
mother's day shopping . and took my babe to the mall 
bought a bad ass tv ... a new Playstation game ... movies and shit ..... took my woman shopping . Hmm ... a pretty productive day . I just need some good beer to wash it all down . 
;) 
it was carnivore time at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s . Damn ! awesome dinner . Whoohoo ! More shopping . 
hours later .... 7 stores gone ... finally ! a pair of size 11 black patent pumps ! worth the headache . my woman is now even sexier than before . 
our date night is going like this . First ... Pizza ! and Super Bad . Then she plays her DS and her new game , and I play my PS3 . an agreed upon ignoring time will commence . Yup . Sounds like fun ! :) 
At work while my baby is sick ... just don't seem right . 
Ordered the entire < PROPFEMALE > collection .... now I can choke on it . Will forever love this show . XD 
is super happy my 6 beautiful kittens and cats are happy and healthy . And I have my wonderful gf to thank for everything . 
at proctoring an exam * yawn 
so my Mavs didn't pull it off , but it looks like my Suns will . ha ! ;) 
having lunch with my two favorite girls ... my < PROPFEMALE > baby and my sweetheart . 
Thank you everybody for your birthday wishes !!! 
oh @ < PROPFEMALE > Rice I knew you were my favorite author for a reason ... 
@ home with my sweetheart just relaxing . 
saw Shrek tonight and am now home relaxing with my < PROPFEMALE > and our kittens . 
is about to have a delicious home-cooked meal that my babe made . 
woke my woman up with the best of ways . Now to take her to breakfast . 
been whittling a truck out of a small chunk of bass wood for the last hour . now my hand hurts . 
Been home alone for the last 10 hours and am missing my < PROPFEMALE > . I did , however , get to catch up on my work and whittling project . Now to sharpen my knives and play more Fallout 3 -- an awesome belated b-day gift from an equally awesome person . More thai food tonight -- compliments of my love bunny -- since the fish sauce calls me . 
cut myself while whittling :( 
its my babes b-day today :) Happy birthday my love ! 
taking my love < PROPFEMALE > to breakfast now and then to a movie :) 
finishing the last two articles for the day ... best 2nd job I could pick up ! Can't wait to watch a movie with my love < PROPFEMALE > soon . 
at my father-in-law's house enjoying a barbecue . 
excited to go out of town tomorrow . hopefully , it will be worth it . 
just got to Edinburg ... so fuckn tired been up since 5 am yesterday . 
At Cheddar's in McAllen enjoying lunch with my love bunny ... gonna be heading home soon . 
only so much FallOut 3 I can play ... gonna watch a movie with my love dove . 
have insurance now after 5 years of not having it ( thank you home depot ... my babes company ... for covering me)and finally have a primary care physician after 12 years ..... still don't like going to the doctor though 
at the theater gonna see Shrek ... again ... with my babe , sister and nephew . perfect ! 
After killing all the citizens in several towns while playing Fallout 3 , I decided to start over . :( Now I can't wait to get home and see my love dove and hope we can watch that movie thats been sitting on my desk for days now tonight . 
@ work ... and have so much to do today and tomorrow before the weekend arrives . 
Go Celtics !! 
that's right !!! Celtics dominating all three quarters . Lakers aint stoppin shit ! 
what kinda crap is that ??!!! 
work meeting ! 
@ the theater with my love bunny ... going to see Toy Story 
at home waiting for my baby's dinner . Relaxing with my baby , my dog , and my 6 cats . 
At work feeling good , but had no lunch . Bad girlfriend ... bad ! :) 
Will write a few more articles before bed time . 
Just put my baby to bed . Gonna work on some DS articles . Goal is three before bedtime . 
looking at someone very sexy ! yes , love , I am talking to you . 
in love with < PROPFEMALE > . 
She said her feet hurt . I imagine they would after she worked all day and then came home and made me dinner , my special request too . So I massaged and lotioned her feet , even managed some kisses . she fell asleep beside me . I kiss her hands and she sleeps . 
Had a blast at Cheers last night ... my love was teaching my how to dance . decided to go again next weekend . Now I am just waiting on my love to come home . 
I took my beautiful woman to lunch and now we are @ the movies . Gonna check out Inception . 
@ < PROPFIRST > Carinos enjoying lunch with my love . 
Here at the mother-in-laws ... happy my babe likes her new phone better 
Another good morning . Had an excellent night sleep with my sweet sweet < PROPFEMALE > and now gotta get my day started . Gotta put away the clothes and work on my transcript . Wish my < PROPFEMALE > were still here with me . 
out of cigarettes out of whiskey .... damn ! 
Just finished a great homemade dinner courtesy of my love . Gotta keep working on that transcript though ... I'd rather be relaxing with my love . 
I got to spend a wonderful day with my beautiful woman . Now I hope tomorrow is more like this day too ... 
Dear baby Jesus ... the expedited transcript request is done . 355 pages and gone . Nope no drinking on my Friday night , no going out , but instead stay home and work . I feel all responsible and stuff . Must make the most of tomorrow . Will get to spend ample time with my love now . 
Just came back from dinner with two people that mean everything to me , my baby sister < PROPFEMALE > and my fiancé < PROPFEMALE > . Now to relax at home in bed . Maybe now is a good time to pursue other hobbies . 
Skunk drunk @ Hals playing pool with my beer bucket 
< PROPFEMALE > marathon . Eight episodes and counting . 
They spun a web for me 
Will make this up to you . 
After that delicious curry dish what could be better ? More Thai food ! 
Shove it up inside surprise ! Lies ! Stains like the blood on your teeth Bite chew suck away the tender parts ... I want to break it up . I want to smash it up . I want to fuck it up . I want to watch it come down 
Playing Word search on iPhone in the early , early @ss morning and listening to some Incubus . 
Woke up and it wasn't pleasant . Just had an argument with my girlfriend . It's unfair to fight @ 5 in the morning when I can't even process a thought . So much for a wonderful friday . Perhaps if I sleep long enough right now I'll wake up and not need an aspirin and I can forget what we argued about and the day will turn round . Let's hope . Off to bed then . 
It's my mother-in-law's birthday today . Taking her out to dinner . And I get to pull out the cufflinks . Yay !! Been forever since I got to wear ' em . Now to wait ever so patiently for my girlfriend to get ready . I measured it , and it takes me 30 minutes for every hour it takes her . So now just hoping tonight goes smoothly . 
Ha ! < PROPFIRST > Owens is a Bengal ! 
Watching Juice ... ain't seen this movie in years ! 
Mmmm ... coffee ... 
Is ready for the rest of the day . I hope it brings some good news and is as stress-free as possible . 
Always feels better knowing you are by my side 
Just found our new apartment ... I guess it's Quail Creek 
What's the word ? 
I instantly feel the stress subside 
Has a < PROPMALE > sweet tooth for my sexy girl ... 
Finalized the contract and move in Saturday ... and got a new job at the Laredo Morning Times ... now just waiting for one more bit of good news . 
Just saying fuck it all makes me feel instantly better . FUCK IT ALL FUCK IT ALL FUCK IT ALL 
How is it I can suffer from the same skin condition as my mother and not show any signs till 27 years later ... sux < PROPMALE > ass 
Yay !!! It's moving day . Hopefully everything will go smoothly . And if not , damn it all to hell . We've been anxiously anticipating this day . Gonna get it done in one day . 
Yesterday , we moved our belongings into our new apartment . That took about 9 hours . Now we have a crap load of stuff in the living room , and my < PROPFEMALE > to put up is nill . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is on TV , and I'd rather being chilling . 
Pretty good day today ... finally got a refrigerator again ... its a white beauty :) and now winding down the day at work . But I wish I was home with Ayda Fellysha Rodriguez cuddling and watching a movie . 
Could have used coffee this morning ... 
At work with no access to the main system so as to be productive . Yay for inefficiency !! 
Very productive morning ... 
Yay ! All but one of my items for my new apartment arrived via FedEx . My apartment is almost complete . :) 
Just had sticky rice and fish sauce ! Love my woman's Thai food . 
It's Friday ! Finally going to get to unwind this weekend and finish unpacking . :) 
Heading home and feeling good ! 
Just had delicious tiramisu with my love < PROPFEMALE > courtesy of < PROPFIRST > Carino's 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to sleep , and now I feel so good . Got a < PROPMALE > to watch some more United States of < PROPFEMALE > , a badass show ! And now I am gonna spend the rest of the day fixing up my apartment and getting it ready for my cat to come home . Then gonna go swimming with my < PROPFEMALE > baby . 
At one in the morning , I cracked a book that had been sitting in my collection for the last 6-7 years unread , untouched . Seeing it stacked in a corner of my apt prompted me to wipe the dust from it's jacket and read some of it . And so far it's fantastic . Witty and surprising , it will be placed on my night stand from now on . How I love surprises ! 
After losing this game of words with friends to my baby , I am going to watch Law and Order SVU on my phone . Love how technology keeps me snuggled up in bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > lennox is singing to me 
Ain't nothing doin ' . 
How bout them Cowboys !!!! Hoping for a good show tonight ! Need some beer and kickoff snacks , and I'm set ! 
Woke up angry and with a headache ... 
will let it all go 
Thank goodness for my girlfriend who helps me keep things right side up and puts my issues in perspective . 
How sweet it is to be loved by you , Ayda Fellysha Rodriguez . Going to get home , have a late dinner , and go swimming . 
Scratch that .... is is raining again ? Damn . Well at least the love is there . 
A very busy day .... not as productive as I'd like , however . 
Working and chilling with my Simba-san . 
I want a Heineken and some White Zombie in the background .... sorry Sunday . Cowboys lost it again . And there is work tomorrow . I'd rather stay home . 
Astro creep 2000 
wants more words with friends game buddies :( 
Is at work writing an < PROPMALE > icle on the Witte . Yay < PROPMALE > ! Yay history ! 
A birthday barbecue for my woman's brother by the pool !! 
It's just been simba and me this morning chillin ' . 
Word of the day via dictionary.com push : hobbledehoy . Good word . Never heard it . Will incorporate it and own it . 
I guess every body is doing it . 
It ain't easy being this good . ... It's hard work makin ' you look so bad , hard goddamn work . 
In < PROPMALE > getting ready to meet with < PROPFEMALE > Science . They called me on Monday , and now I am here . I hope this trip that caused me to wake up at 5 am turns out all right . 
After a 40 some minute interview for a teaching position , I am unsure how to feel . It's for esl k-8 , and possibly beginner Spanish .... I don't even speak Spanish . Did I impress them ? Yes . And I think they'll offer it to me , but it's not exactly what I hoped for . However it's a start , and it's in < PROPMALE > . 
Barbacoa tacos ... win ! 
Delicious lunch at La Roca and now back to work at LMT 
Is finally leaving work . Thank goodness for the weekend . I finally get to rest . 2 days just doesn't last long enough . Better make it worthwhile . :) 
At H.E.B. Looking for some cheese . On tonight's menu , chicken fettuccine < PROPMALE > from scratch . My < PROPFEMALE > sexy is a wonderful cook . Thank goodness . Otherwise it be cold sandwiches everyday . 
Washing clothes :( 
At work ... understimulated 
at work listening to Sting and passing time 
Helping my baby set up her blog ... 
Listening to Pandora radio at work and < PROPMALE > Collins ' Sussudio came on . And I can't keep a straight face because everytime I hear this song I think about the scene in American Psycho where < PROPFIRST > Bateman goes on a trip , and then he picks up an axe and lets it rip . Creepy bastard . 
Still suffering after biting into that fiery goodness we call jalapenos . Tummy ache :( 
To look at you and me , no one would ever know\ 
The pain that I've endured ' cause I won't let it show\ 
My friends would laugh out loud if they only knew\ 
The truth about how I am just your lovesick fool 
At the Bucks game with my babe ! 
Bucks game was awesome ! Now having some pizza ... chicken , mushrooms , jalapenos ! Mmmm ! Then off home to relax and work . 
It's a beautiful Saturday , and I am awake in the morning . Just sitting here with my cat listening to my love dove sleep . 
It's almost Cowboys time !!! Yeah baby ! Gonna chillax here with Simba San and wait for my < PROPFEMALE > baby and < PROPFEMALE > Goosy to join me . 
Will now be working for United South in their English Dept . Just signed the contract and finalized all the details . First day is tomorrow ! Good bye five jobs ... hello paper cuts 
Fish sauce and sticky rice ! 
First day was not so bad ... I need to get used Tp being on my feet 
Trying to figure out how to do this lesson plan my school wants 
In class before day break .... maybe I get here to early . It beats wrestling traffic 
Week 1 done ! Now taking my sweetheart to < PROPFIRST > Romas for dinner then a movie and maybe some drinks . 
Yeah yeah just bought a new Honda Fit .... uber cute and red . 
Finished grading papers . Now I am waiting for my love to come home for lunch and then to read Candide for my senior discussion tomorrow . How bout them Cowboys !? Can I even say that still ??? 
At work ... let's start the day 
Eating flaming hots :) 
Waiting for my babe to finish dinner ... hungry much ! 
Finishing up my students Midterms ... nothing but papers tonight . :( Happy I'll be with my love , however . 
Will be grading papers for a while . :( but yay !!!!!!! Tomorrow is Friday ! Thank goodness . 
Will never let my grading pile up again ... Grr ... stayed up all night yesterday never slept because I thought Midterms were due .... then they say , we can turn them in Monday . That means I finally went to bed for about 12 hours . Well I just woke up and my < PROPFEMALE > is gone to work . Sux ! 
$23 to fill up my car ... win !!! It may not be the car of my dreams , but it sure is awesome with gas . Hmmm ... Now getting a hair cut and shopping for school supplies . Happy that I have a good reason to now . 
Had a great night ! Now to make the rest of my day productive . 
Hungry !! I am not impressed by your ability to memorize my order . Write my shit down . Don't ask me three times to clarify . 
Had a really good day at school today ... maybe there is something to lesson planning after all . I will continue to be on top of it if it means more days like this . :) 
Setting up echalk access for my students ... hopefully can avoid taking papers home now ! 
Having dinner with my < PROPFEMALE > baby .... deliciousness .... TGIF ! Work was good though , and now I get my weekend to rest . Baby A and Baby D are on the way !!! Can't wait to see them ! 
I now order coffee with my desserts ... I guess I'm old :( 
Good night and even better morning ! 
Was extremely productive last night !!! 
This morning I killed lots of trees all for my students to have a modern translation of Macbeth 
Keeping up with my shakespeare ... Macbeth and < PROPMALE > Caesar . I never remember reading this in high school . then again , I tried to skip as much as possible . Well my students seem to like it . 
At the bank ... then to roll by my apt to pick up my baby ... date night !!! Pizza and then movies to watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s For Colored Girls . I can't wait . I love his movies , and I've been waiting for this one for a long time !! 
Just had a great breakfast !!! Am chilling at home with my baby ! 
Coffee and blueberry muffins 
Is it terrible to laugh when I am grading papers and putting grades in my gradebook ? 
Yay finished working now waiting for dinner 
Watching diary of a mad black woman with < PROPFEMALE > Gomez and baby Danny ... drinking a heineken and waiting for dinner ... full house tonight . Then for some kisses for my baby 
Am going to begin the final act of < PROPMALE > Caesar today .... what a great play . But I wish i were at home today . Despite getting a good nights sleep , I wanna be in bed with my babe . 
Am going to get a substitute for Friday 
Feel way better after my long sleep yesterday ... I got cuddle time in with my < PROPFEMALE > love ! 
From my student's paper : I wish I could be that dog , careless and free without a care in the world . Just to be a chihuahua is my dream . I would love to bark at people . I listen for people coming from a block away and growl at people I didn't know . And to be petted with such content , to be known as the chihuahua who could . 
Continued from student paper : I would love to be a chihuahua for so many reasons , but everyone knows it can't really happen . It's a fantasy . But that's what false hopes are for . Because without false hopes most people wouldn't want to continue doing what they do . 
Wondering when heatwave will quit ... he's as bad as < PROPMALE > stein . 
You were always on my mind . You were always on my mind . 
She comes home and straddles my waist ... yummy !!! Off to the gym now 
Just left the gym with my love .... now FOOD and then fallout new vegas and work some , maybe . 
At the gym waiting for my love to get here . I enjoy having a workout partner . She keeps me on my toes . 
< PROPMALE > Connick sings Christmas for me :) 
Hungry like a rabid fool :( 
Tomato soup and grilled cheese ! 
Come live with me , and be my love , \ 
And we will some new pleasures prove\ 
Of < PROPFEMALE > sands , and < PROPFEMALE > brooks , \ 
With silken lines and silver hooks . 
Picking up my sweetheart for lunch and kisses . Had a sexy time last night with my < PROPFEMALE > and a great start this morning . My Christmas vacation has officially begun , and I will top the day off by taking my < PROPFEMALE > San shopping for her Christmas stuff . 
Watching Animal Farm with < PROPFEMALE > and waiting for my love to come home . 
French onion dip . Ruffles . 
Hate running into students out of the classroom 
Shopping with my girlfriend and my baby sister . 
Nice lunch with my love . 
Sick with crap in my nose and chest . I will just lie here and fester :( my love just went to work , and she is the one who makes me hot tea . So the countdown is on till 10 p.m. 
Pizza pizza !!! 
So I found out I need to make a syllabus , and I got super excited . NERD ! 
Had dessert after all !!! ;) 
@ work missing my < PROPFEMALE > but having fun doing school stuff ! 
There is nothing like waking up in the morning next to the woman you love . She fills me with hope , happiness , and strength . I am in love with this woman ever day . 
Had to babysit a freshman class . That was different . : / 
Meeting my < PROPFEMALE > at work for kisses 
Watching Day of the Dead !!! Perfect ending to my day . Going to bed on time tonight ! Yay sleep !! 
Math review ! Now I know why I flunked algebra 2 and took college algebra 3 times . : ( 
Stupid fucking drivers . I don't care who you are , how old ... if your on my ass I will stop and get out to tell you the fuck off ! 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > San . 
Wish I was eating TP right now : ( 
Excellent morning ! I hope the rest of today goes well .... anxious for meet the teacher night ! 
Just had lunch now to wait for the day to wind down .... 
\But we loved with a love that was more than love\ " .... having dinner with my beautiful woman and then to take her to the movies where I can hold her hands and steal kisses . " 
My head is about to explode . Been grading and doing school work for the last 8 hours . So much for a day off ! 
I wished and hoped with all my might for strength , love , and memories with you . 
Special lunch date with a sexy bbw ! Cannot wait to wrap my arms around her . 
It's time for the showdown ! Go Bears !! Go Jets !! 
Nope . Never mind . 
Waking up to the view of a Goddess ..... A bbw Goddess ..... ; ) 
Feels remarkably well after going to bed late after coming home from the Cold Brew . Got pawed up and pawed my baby up too . Yay !!! I hope the day passes by quickly ! 
Survived the day . 14 hours later . Finally left work . I feel remarkably well , still . Now to prepare my sophomores English test . Yikes !!! It's there first one . I imagined that when I left home from work I would cease being a teacher . But no . I'm always teaching . 
Coasting and waiting till 4 . I administered tests all day to my sophomores and seniors , and now I'm waiting to get home . Busy , busy weekend ! 
Oh no , I see\ 
A spider web is tangled up with me , \ 
And I lost my head , \ 
The thought of all the stupid things I'd said , \ 
Oh no , what's this ? \ 
A spider web , and I'm caught in the middle , \ 
So I turned to run , \ 
The thought of all the stupid things I've done 
Waiting .... so tired today . 
Needs a massage . : ( 
Yay !!! No classes tomorrow ! 
Little baby flurries in flight !!! And on my mothers birthday . What a nice day !!!! : ) 
Watching cook yourself thin . How would that work with my sweet tooth ?!!! Damn . I guess it wouldn't . 
thinking of my baby sisters , < PROPFEMALE > Gomez and < PROPFEMALE > Ramirez 
Magnet entrance testing !!! @work 
Dropped my < PROPFEMALE > off at work . Now to go home and work some . Goodbye , Hale . Good riddance !!! Last day ... last day . 
I miss you every time you're not next to me . 
Now I feel sick again . last time I double on my medication . : ( 
Extra gay music on pandora 80s hits !!! Almost done with Hale ! 
4 of 6 
6 of 6 
Wants some crown < PROPMALE > and a red 
Packers gonna dominate all over that steeler ass baby 
Yay !!! Just finished Hale !!!! 
Burned my thumb on the jumper cable . Apparently if you don't match them properly they start to smoke and get really hot . Ouch ! 
Freezing in my penguin pjs at the mall : ( obviously , I did not think this through . 
Came to see my love at work . I come bearing gifts ! 
Fucking bullshit headache !! You ruined my dinner bastard ! : ( 
Needs some TLC !!! 
Busy loving my < PROPFEMALE > baby !! 
Taking care of my truck ! It needed lots d shit . Battery . Oil change . Wipers . Fluids . Air pressure check . A fucking wash . And we haven't even touched the tires : ( 
Tipsy after one shock top . That just means I don't drink enough !!! 
