Damn , what a week .... my boss ' girlfriend cheated on him with another supervisor from the same workplace , I am working with my uncle's garage to find out somebody stole a car off of the lot , and he was stuck in a car with Mr. < PROPMALE > for a drive up to Harr 

So I am the only one in the garage who can do inspections/emissions testing starting next week . I need that ! 
Dont stop dreaming cuz this aint over My friend I wrestle myself as I walk along the weary- motely watching i find myself staring building up an empire , of my great < PROPFEMALE > while fuel from my thought process take me higher Higher and higher , I aint stoppin 
I aviate like space pirates during race riots Slay tyrants , pick up and inject ' em with AIDS virus Display violence like tell-lie-vision pilots Raise your eyelids , and wake the fuck up , and fire drug sirens 
What the shit .... nearly $20/quart for < PROPFEMALE > transmission fluid ?! 
Vibing to Gonzo Gonzales :) 
Heading down to square one . Anybody want to stop by , hit me up 606-4952 
I wish Vick the best of luck in Philly . And to all the Eagles fans who talked shit on him when he was with the Falcons , just remember that when he puts on the eagles jersey ;) 
... in such haste to succeed under desperate enterprises 
Well , I try to do what's right Every day and every night And when I think I've won the fight The monster comes back again And I bet you never knew What I went through And what I had to do Just to bring you a lonely song 
\I must break you \"" 
Insomnia kicked in tonight for some reason . 
I think my head is going to explode . No microwave needed . 
Posting my car parts on craigslist RIP Talon 
How is a man supposed to get \experience\ " when they won't even let him try ? " 
Just got back from first friday and found some inspiration in the galleries . 
Learn to swim , pledge allegiance to the terror within ... New < PROPFEMALE > , we board the mothership with our friends . This paranoia's old , change is just a means to an end . It seems like I lost my freedom again . 
I am losing more hair ! 
The graveyard shift syndrome still lingers : 0 
Everything is falling into place . Start the countdown for leaving Lancaster 
Hoping today goes according to plan in PHilly 
Up and at ' em ..... 
After being on the phone for over an hour and claiming I didn't take the physical , it is official that the medical center lost my container of piss and I have to do it again tomorrow .... seriously ???? 
I don't feel that I ask for much . 
So I will disappear like a fart in the wind to about 90% of you on here who I don't even say a word to . 
I have yet to see a bollweevil 
Goodbye , Lancaster . 
Getting comfortable in the new pad . Doing research for < PROPFEMALE > Teacher . 
I learned alot about flat rate during my training . I also learned that there are alot of techs who should be sterilized . 
Building a dresser and looking for a drawing table . 
So this older guy asks to use our bathroom and we come to find out that he shit his pants . Besides the nice abstract < PROPMALE > on the stall wall , there was the pair of boxers right by the boss ' truck . Crazy shit . 
I have the tattoo gun up and running . Time to practice : ) 
I need to update some pics , but a camera would help . 
Who has off this weekend for the first time in Philly ? This guy !!! 
Y'all know the cults back ... The most hatest with the sickest flow , control freak handin ' out cups like I was < PROPMALE > Jones ... Bury the rubble , half of y'all live in a bubble . Faking my own death to forge passports and body doubles 
Yes , I do know that I , Master Spece , am socially awkward while walking through the city on a Saturday night . Just another hump I have to cross over . 
Yes I am that prick who puts his gum underneath the tables . 
Still have my #7 Falcons jersey . It would make a great chew toy for < PROPMALE > . 
I have a hankerin ' for some waffle fries 
Where are the primary causes I can < PROPFEMALE > on , where are my basic premises ? Where am I to find them ? I exercise myself in thought and hence , within my mind , every primary cause immediately drags after itself another , still more primary , and so on to infinity . Such is the very essence of all consciousness and thought . We're back then to the laws of nature . And what is the ultimate result ? Why , the same thing again . 
\My goons are the truth \"" 
Just when you think that you have a grasp 
Draw a circle in chalk to dance around counter-clockwise as it all unfolds . Par t-t ime experience might save you from deliverance . 
I have < PROPMALE > work/sketches coming up soon . Just need some camera shots . 
Rip mics , stab with wordplay Dipped like sherm stay , my school clothes bloody from swordplay If I had a nation , I'd be a < PROPMALE > , like Cosby Rap oddysey don't stop cause I'm a kamikaze 
Apocalypse in an Orange , Suicide in a Grapefruit 
Black lights and laundry detergent makes for scrambled messaging . 
My phone fell out of my pocket while running last night so I will be getting a new # soon in the 215 :) 
\Anybody that would have gone without sex for over a year like me would be in an asylum by now . \ " Hahaha " 
So Acme has these wheel locks on their shopping carts . I walked up with mine ( yes I have their shopping cart . I live right down the street from them ) and they asked me if I stole their cart . I said that I consider it borrowing the cart since I am a loyal customer and use it every time I shop . They weren't happy with that response . 
Finally have a new phone . Message me if you want the # 
Sippin ' on Guinness I turn cynic/Live and learn or live the rest of your life in the burn clinic 
.... like babies on rocking horses lassoing milk cows with umbilical cords . 
I need some Obsidian for channeling so I don't fall into oblivion . 
“We cannot go against nature , ” she said . “This is something that nature did . ” 
On the MOP's Ante Up , doesn't it sound like they scream out APPLE JUICE ! in the beginning ? 
In Lancaster for tonite and tomorrow . 
Practicing some different fonts and sketches 
Gas leak right in front of my place . Good thing I'm a night owl on the weekends since I have to listen to drills and < PROPFIRST > hammers All night 
Depakote- One step away from an opiate . 
There's a storm coming 
My pupils have swallowed my eyeballs because of those eye drops 
The what goes where ? I think you broke it It doesn't go that way Stop The end . A sexual encounter 
Making MUCH progress to being back in control again . \Not now chief . I'm in the zone ! \"" 
Demented dreams 
I can see the earth panting . 
Self doubt always lingers 
I want to explore old buildings and warehouses to leave my < PROPFIRST > . 
Officially have a roommate and a guard dog . GrRrRrRr ! 
I would rather watch abortions than watch Glee 
i'm gay 
\ ... and I get busy over unknown tracks \"" 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everybody ! 
Let me tell you about the dirty belgian 
\I'll still talk to you even if you an outpatient\ " Vast Aire " 
The mind churns for creativity through the shadows of darkness . Nightcrawling . 
Blue monday 
Call of Duty instead of working on my paper . Master of procrastination . 
Half-way done . Duty Calls for Modern Warfare and espresso . 
You know you are tired when you nod out trying to pull your wallet out of your pocket . 
Chicken Shit 
Orange : Creativity , ability to speak one's mind , \ 
ambition , career matters \ 
and the Law , self-confidence . 
20+ mpg on hemp fuel . I would get back into the\ 
garage for that and forget about tearing up our land for fossil fuels and occupy foreign countries for it . 
Sorry I was taking you so seriously , life . I forgot to laugh at and with you but I'm getting back there again . 
Sharpie mag taggin spree today . Making philly my turf . 
\Many \ 
I roll with the punches 
Unknown origin\ 
\ 
Is this the comfort of being afraid ? \ 
Solar eclipsed\ 
Black out the vultures\ 
as they wait\ 
Sitting for hours mixed with espresso is a tall order . 
You ain't shit , man , your storys a joke . You should pack it with a last smoke and 6 feet of rope . 
Drinks and spray paint makes artistic vandalism ... too bad krylon made these tamper proof cans but it won't stop me 
You can , you can't , you will , you won't , you shouldn't you should , you do , you don't , you'll rise , you'll fall , you would , you could 
Gotta know where people stand . Everybody's your friend when things are going right . What about when things are going wrong 
My heart feels what you feel , my eyes see what you see . Through all eternity , there'll be no one like me . When we're gone , this legacy will < PROPFEMALE > on . 
I've seen the seven-headed dragon talkin ' to the eagle/The 2-headed snake illustrates a caution to the people/Electronic fog , alien bible , crop circles in the sand of Cairo/Like Kiss in 76 , Demanded Pyro/Human history is 50% catastrophe , it's actually the arms race between the facts of anarchy 
Caution : Full < PROPFEMALE > Tonight 
.... A sensuous kiss laced on apocalypse 
Slug and rakim recorded a track virtually unheard of . Thanks dj foodstamp and ughh 
Imagine if enough people didn't buy gas over memorial day weekend . Instead , you will drive to the damn beach . I wish you would see it washed up with oil 
And the emperor still wears no clothes ... passifier passifies . 
Out of my gourd 
Dear madame : Please do not shit on Catcher In The Rye with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ever again . Thank you for knowing your place in the knowledge of literature . 
It would be so easy for me to go nocturnal to avoid the heat . I'll get the sun beam lamp . 
Filling out Fafsa , finishing up reading for class , jail-yard workout .... not everybody's picturesque Saturday but I like it 
Somebody take my brain and squeeze it a few times , please . Maybe a massage too . 
\Has anybody told you that you look like Eminem ? \ " Damn it I thought that died awhile ago lol " 
emotions spoken through instrumentals 
People have to talk about something just to keep \ 
their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in \ 
case there's ever anything really meaningful to say . 
Nobody can hear you scream 
He may not be working with a full deck but best believe that his pair of jokers hold sturdy for wild cards 
I don't really care any more how anybody feels about me . It's only me here and that is how it will always be . 
On a mission to block the mice out of the apartment . 
\prostitutes and magicians do tricks\ " Anonymous " 
In the days of kings and queens I was a jester/Treat me like a god no they treat me like a leper/You see me move back and forth between both , I'm trying to find a balance I'm trying to build a balance 
Scheduling an interview at the Sugarhouse Casino . Now just planning out how to get there efficiently lol 
< PROPMALE > Warhol self-portrait sells for 32.3 million .... what the fuck 
Interviews and application meetings . Keep your fingers crossed for me . 
Life decisions are tougher than I thought 
\I find beauty in another's pain . I find beauty in the spirit of God but I don't fuckin change \"" 
It is amazing that people cannot stay quiet on the quiet ride peek hour regional rail rides . You can't stay quiet for 20 minutes ??? 
Getting a mohawk Taxi Driver style . Riding solo through the madness . 
UPS guy : Are you deep-frying a turkey with this pressure cooker ? \ 
Me : Yes I am . It is delicious . \ 
If he only knew its true intent 
I think this girl does not see what I see when she says I look astonishing 
Thank you , cheapskates of sugarhouse , for your change tips . Totaled up $50 
Whats up with this number game ? 
UPS is holding me back . Give me my package you scoundrels 
Finally fighting off the body aches and fever , but can't escape the phlegm . Phone kicked the bucket but will have one again shortly . 
Phone is up and going but I need to get minutes . Message me with your # if you want mine . 
Sorry for the delay with my phone , people . It will be up soon . 
They used Howlin ' Wolf's Smokestack Lightnin ' for a Viagra commercial ? Boy was he defecated on . 
\Fuck the world man I'm tired I've been workin ' hard//There's a lot of shit that forced me not to worship God\ " ~ Puppet ~ " 
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . 
Feels great to break my creative barrier and my writers block . Like the world was lifted off of my shoulders . Now I have to learn to channel it and try to get some sleep ! 
Although I have some ideas for different pieces , I want to hear ideas from you , facebookers . What comes to mind ? 
The website and the blog are almost ready for publishing . 
