hopes that everyone has a safe and Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , that 2010 is better than 2009 and not as good as 2011 . 

is hoping to reconnect with lost friends ... 
Wants to be able to fall a sleep when it's midnight ... 
Appreciates having a drink with a good friend . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
loves having a Friday off . 
Friendship is like a prism through which the many variations of beauty are revealed in our lives . -Anon . 
made dinner for her sister and brother-in-law . Did you ever notice that no matter how small the party every dish still ends up dirty ? Love the company - Hate the clean up ! 
played scrabble with her kids and got her butt kicked . 
... 
is sad and concerned because she has a dear friend who is very sick , and because tonight the FDIC closed my husbands bank . 
hates laundry day . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
Hopes everyone is having a wonderful day ! 
is leaving her current position tomorrow , and will miss all her friends . 
hopes that we all try to remember what's really important to each of us . 
is wondering if this Saturday should be a productive day or a goof-off day . 
had the first day on her new job , and will go nuts if I have to train for two weeks . ( Day 1 - Give me a file to underwrite already ! ) 
Spent the day with my daughter and had a great time . 
Had one of those days ( why do they always follow the really good ones ? ) ! 
Today an Angel ascended to Heaven and it is our loss on earth . I will miss you my friend . 
wonders why when something significant happens the earth doesn't stop spinning , if only for a moment , so we can caught are breath . 
wonders how much cleaning needs to get done before my Mother-in-Law gets to town today - I Better get to work . 
had a weekend full of highs and lows . 
less than 3 months until Christmas !!! 
headache : child !!! 
Had nearly a perfect weekend - hope all my friends did as well . 
PS : Recommending ZombieLand if you don't mind gore and a good laugh . 
is cooking chili for a potluck and thinks chili at 11pm doesn't smell so good . Tums Please ! 
has already been through 5 bags of < PROPFEMALE > , 30 bouncing bloody eye balls , 30 halloween pencils , and more ... Lights are going off soon . Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
is enjoying the peace and quiet with the family all a sleep . 
is thinking about running away to night . If I hopped on a 3 day cruise do you think anyone would miss me ? 
TGIF 
thinks life is good . 
was at the USC game today and is still wondering what happened . 
hates having a cold ! 
is counting down to ThanksGiving and preparing the house and food for 24 family members - and with a cold no less . How will I ever be ready ? 
Just in case anybody is wondering spaghetti followed by eggnog does not make a good combination . 
Hopes that everyone has a blessed ThanksGiving with plenty of fun and love with family . 
thinks good Gravy makes the ThanksGiving meal . Who's with me ? 
is so glad there is still two more days before the work with begins . 
is actually ready for it to be Monday and to get back to work . 
loved today's weather ! 
where'd the rain go : ( 
hopes everyone has a wonderful Holiday . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
is so glad that the day after Christmas was not a work day . 
is wishing for some motivation to get some work done today . 
had a very pleasant day . 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year - Needs to a better 2011 ! 
. 
black 
maroon 
is wishing there was one more day off work . 
wishes I could be out playing in the rain rather than stuck at a desk with no windows . 
has a headache so bad that it hurts to eat soup ! 
I love my sister more than words can say ! If you have a sister who is your best friends and has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin , copy and paste this in your status . The world would not be the same without sisters !! 
The Magic Kingdom with my daughter tomorrow . So grateful she will spend time with me . Hope the parks not crowded . 
Looking forward to a good work week . 
Work week not going as planned - let's hope that Thursday and Friday make the difference . 
is wishing someone would magiclly make dinner tonight ( and clean up) ! 
is working on her taxes and is feeling very blue - can we please go to a flat tax ??? 
is just in a sad mood . No particular reason . Just stuff . 
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes , why do some people have more than one child . 
is thinking it might be the weekend for taco's and < PROPFEMALE>'s!!! 
Started the day with a long to do list and got 1 thing done - then took a nap . Nice day ! Now have an even longer list for Sunday . 
Watching food network and now I'm starving . 
just pulled two apple pies from the oven . The house smells so wonderful . 
came home to find that my husband had dinner ready - such a sweet surprise . 
was in the mood to buy something new and couldn't find a darn thing . 
is wishing everyone a Happy Easter . 
just put the last fork in the dishwasher and sat down for the first time today . I love Holidays ! 
Just had a wonderful dinner with my family . 
spent the day with - both kids ... so much fun . 
has two words tonight - sometimes family .... 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family !... Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention .... Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts !!! 
Put ? this ? on your ? Status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? Cancer . ? All ? I ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ? CURE . ? 93% ? WONT ? Copy ? & ? Paste ? this . ? Will ? YOU ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? 
ate basically a bowl of lettuce for dinner . Now it's 11:50 pm and I'm starving and it's to late to eat . 
can't decide if I'm glad tomorrow is Friday or not . I have so much to do this weekend staying at work might be easier . 
got up early and started the day with 2 hours of bowling with my husband . We had a great day . But tonight my arm wants to fall off . Maybe just an hour next time ... 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . ( Finally something I will happily re-post . ) 
is so proud of her kids - all A's and B's for this college term . 
has decided I hate May ! Why you ask ? Two DMV renewals , two Auto Club renewals , annual auto club < PROPMALE > s , fall college tuition < PROPMALE > ! 
could someone please send the Sandman over .... thanks 
needs some motivation . 
motivated or not I had to get up and fold the laundry . Now dishes need done . :( 
Packing for vacation ! How many shoes and purses are to many to pack for 8 days ? 
In Oregon and it's so beautiful makes me wonder why I live in Southern California . Happens every time I leave ( except for the trip to Texas ) . 
Vacation is great . But missing my kids , bed , pillow , dogs , family , ( and work - don't tell ) . Today going on a wild , wet Rogue River water ride . Does sea sickness apply to rivers ? 
Is ready to come home ... 
There's no place like home ... 
Children with special needs dont have an illness , so there is no cure and its not contageous . They want what we all want - to be accepted ... Most of you probably wont copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Its special education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding on Monday . 
Who was it that flipped off Mother Nature last week ( < PROPFIRST > ) when it was cool ? Thanks a lot ! 
Everyone I know seems to be having more fun than me - what's up with that ? 
Just had a nice afternoon with my sister and brother-in-law ! Saw Inception which I give 2 thumps up . Hope everyone had a nice weekend . 
Just got home from 90 minutes of \hot\ " yoga which means basically I've now fallen and can't get up . " 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > just made the most delicious dinner ! Thank you :) 
Had a great two days . 
The conversations in my house are always amusing . 
hanging off the dining room chair ... 
Had a great date with my husband . We shared a banana split - doesn't get much better . 
Loving this weather : ) 
This weekend was not long enough ! 
If anyone has a great stuffing receipe will you share ? 
Based on the results of my efforts this weekend I will never be ready for Thanksgiving :( 
OMG - In preparation for Thanksgiving I set my oven to the self-clean cycle and went to bed . Got home today to find the oven blow-out sometime durng the clean cycle , won't turn on , and won't even open . Who wants 20 extra guests for Thanksgiving . 
In preparation for Thanksgiving I set my oven to the self-clean cycle and went to bed . Got home today to find the oven blew-out sometime durng the cleaning cycle , won't turn on , and won't even open . Who wants 20 extra guests for Thanksgiving . 
Happy ThanksGiving everyone ! Enjoy the day with family and friends . 
Tuna Helper yesterday , hot dogs today , I guess that means Top Ramen tomorrow . Don't look at me that way ! ( I'm just avoiding the store this week . ) 
Today was a perfect weather day . I hope it's like this until after Christmas . 
Today is my son's 23rd birthday . It's hard to believe 1 ) how old he is 2 ) how old that means I am 3 ) how time flys and 4 ) all the ways we are blessed in this life . 
How many different desserts are too many for Christmas day ? Well , back to baking . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone . 
I had a wonderful Christmas with family . It was worth the 48 hours on my feet . My legs and feet do not want to walk today , so I am staying on the coach and vegging . 
Back to work after a week off and it was hard to get going this morning . Hope everyone had a great Monday , 2010 almost over . 
