miss < PROPFEMALE > in out with the girls- both my ' current ' and my older friends - neither of which I've talked to in awhile !! Hopefully the new year will bring more time to < PROPFEMALE > out with GIRL FRIENDS !! 

I thought my life was horrible when I was in HS ... wow , was I wrong , but at least learned how to cope or else I dont know what I'd do now !! 
I am just so happy that my puppy is helping me keep my cabin fever under control ... cant stand this !! 
THIS IS INSANE .... Issued by The National Weather ServicePhiladelphia , < PROPFEMALE > 4:33 am EST , Wed ., Feb . 10 , 2010 ... BLIZZARD WARNING IN EFFECT UNTIL MIDNIGHT EST TONIGHT ... ... WINTER STORM WARNING IS CANCELLED ... Blizzard Warning for Salem , NJ until 12 am EST , < PROPFEMALE > ., Feb . 11 , 2010 
to anyone who has tried to call me , my phone is broken . I should be getting a new one tomorrow . I dont know if I'll have to get a new number . I'll send you an email with my new # if it changes !! 
wondering if I should go out or stay in ... can't decide ... 
please ... no more snow ! I finally saw the little sidewalk from my driveway to my front door TODAY ! And now here comes another 6 to 12\s !! UGH ! " 
wow ... didn't think life could get any more depressing , but it actually did . I think I'm in a state of shock .... 
Finally heading out to hopefully relieve some stress !! 
Well , my last wall post was optimistic and I did relieve some stress by kicking some butt in pool , but the relief was temporary , which that's just the way stress is unfortunately , so I guess I'm gonna have to work on more stress relief tonight !! 
I never thought I would care what people think about me , but when they are totally wrong , it seriously makes me want to punch them in the face ... is that wrong/bad ?? 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a Happy B-Day !! 
Hoping to see the meteor shower tonight !! 
I love square gum ... tastes better than rectangles 
excited that ill have some time to take my dogs to go swimming tomorrow ! ill have to take them every opportunity before its too cold ... 
Pumpkin Chunkin ' today !!! ((' ) 
Bumbles Bounce !! It really is such a relief ! 
