is deep in the thought concerning financial matters . not a good thing at 4:00 in the morning . 

This semester is finally over , finals went well , and now it's time to have a little fun . :D 
is about to get some sleep . gotta work at 10am . should be interesting . 
i just try not to make eye contact ' cause that opens the door for conversation . like i want that ... 
hopefully the last party I have to work for a while . I'm totally exhausted . I feel like I could sleep for days . gonna head home and get some sleep . hopefully tomorrow will be easier . 
is gonna play some midnight club LA and probably hit the hay pretty soon 
I plan today by the events of yesterday and the expectations of tomorrow . 
is glad that v-day is done . the money was good , though . :D got to < PROPFEMALE > with my bro for a few , too . now to finish this assignment before i fail it . >.> 
I do not fear failure , only the possibility that i will not learn from my mistakes and become a stronger person . 
I Can Think of a Million Things to Say and a Thousand Ways to Say Each One , but the Trick is Knowing Which Ones to Say and Which Ones to Hold Back . 
Needs to decide on a single project . one money pit is enough . 
the machine is simply an extension of the man . it will inevitably reflect the innermost traits and desires of the controller . 
Never lose your dreams . No matter the situation , never let go of\ 
your pride . 
here's something i haven't had to do in a while : time to restring the old guitar . :D 
feels like the weight of the world is on my shoulders . something is gonna have to give , or i'm gonna give out . 
what am i running from ? it's time to face the music ... 
maybe it's time to sit back and let things move along by themselves for a while ... i have no clue what's going on and i'm not going to pretend to . guess i'll just see what happens . i'll sit back and watch regardless of what happens . maybe i'll learn what i've done wrong . 
things thicken by the hour . nothing seems to be working itself out . maybe running was a better idea in the first place ...? 
feels like something's changed . i feel like i'm finally starting to figure things out . 
i'd have to say that my greatest fear is disappointing my parents . ( the ones that raised me ... ) they've done so much and sacrificed so much for me . the least i could do is make them proud . i hope that someday i can . 
My cause is < PROPMALE > . My intentions are good . My methods ? questionable . 
is playing Split/Second and loving it ! 
Loves sitting outside and admiring the beauty of my surroundings . :D 
seems to be accident prone lately . wonder why ? eh , all wounds heal with time . 
Finally got A/C in the Grand Prix ! Woot ! :D 
you know something's not right when things randomly explode on you ... 
seems like you find all the right people in all the wrong places ... 
3 days off and a ton of stuff to do . maybe i'll make some progress , or maybe i'll just laze around and be a bum like usual . who knows ? 
the plans are made , the stage is set , and now the actors assume their roles in this presentation we affectionately call \life . \"" 
2 psychology tests due saturday . will they get done , or will i fail miserably . eh , they'll get done . just gotta sit down and do em . 
test 1 down . test 2 in a few hours . wish me luck ! 
tests are done . time to wait on grades . yay ... NOT ! 
these scars remind me that i have a past i can never escape and i've done things that i can never change , but seeing them reminds me that i'm still alive and that i can make the future better for myself and everyone around me . 
headaches are back . feels like my head is splitting in two , and i can't find anything to make it stop . i've taken enough asprin to shut my kidneys down , and it's had almost no effect besides making me pass out . maybe some sleep will help . if not , no school tomorrow . 
talked to an old friend tonight . had a great time . that was more fun than i've had in a WHILE , and i think it was just what i needed . :D 
just itching to get my hands dirty . need something to do ! oh well , work in a couple hours then gotta study a little bit . maybe i'll get some work done on the eclipse soon . :D 
why do i let myself go down the same path when i know i'll just get hurt in the end ? maybe because i like being hurt . or maybe because i love to feel that way and hope i don't get hurt this time . 
falling in love is the greatest feelings in the world and probably one of the biggest and worst ways to allow yourself to be let down . you feel so amazing for a while then things just go downhill . love is evil , spell it backwards . 
i'm not sure if i like the way things are going or not at the moment . there are good moments and bad ones , but my friends are supporting me and nobody else is bothering me , so i can't really ask for much more . i just hope that all of my friends have a great weekend and be safe . you are all in my thoughts and prayers . 
old flames don't always die like we'd expect ... sometimes they even get stronger . 
definitely getting a new phone . i'm tired of this one being a < PROPMALE > pain . 
I feel like the < PROPMALE > of the world , like i can do anything , like i'm almost ... invincible . don't believe i've ever felt this good . something must be going right . 
best sleep i ever got : in the front seat of my car in my front yard at 3am . lol . 
lyndzey owens 
this week's gonna be interesting : exam tomorrow morning , gotta work the next 5 days , than i'm off for 3 in a row ! how'd that one happen ? not gonna know what to do with myself . maybe i'll work on the camaro or finish unpacking everything . who knows ? 
feeling good about the exam , got to spend some quality time with my boo , and getting ready to go to work . pretty good day after all . ^_^ 
wonders why everything has to be such a load of b . s ... 
don't know where I'm going . just going somewhere ... 
sitting here bored . think i'm gonna go swimming before work . not quite sure yet . eh , we'll see . 
probably need to clean out my inbox . 2000 emails is a little much . -_- 
gonna enjoy actually having some time to work on the camaro . I'm ready to get started . 
oh starbucks how I love thee . :) 
hanging with friends is the most awesome time you can hope to have . makes me spend way too much money though . :( 
don't give up on people . they all have some good somewhere in them . you just have to find it . it's not worth giving up on them just to be lonely ... 
playing a little bit of Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion then dunno what's gonna happen . ready for this semester to be over ! 
last day of work till my days off . definitely need them ! get to spend some time with the family tomorrow ! woot woot ! hope everyone has a safe week . 
Nothing is sacred , when no one is saved . \ 
Nothing's forever , so count your days . \ 
Nothing is final , and no one is real . \ 
Pray for tomorrow , and find you're empty still . 
going to spend some time with the family . finally get to see them again . :D 
got to spend some quality time with my family . much needed and appreciated . maybe i'll get to see some of them again tonight . all depends on how plans go . 
tired and sore . had an excellent night tonight . made some good money and hanging out with some friends . I've gotta get back in shape . :) 
If I could change anything about my past , anything at all , I wouldn't change a thing . I may not be proud of everything I've done , but everything I've done has put me where I am now . And quite frankly , I'm perfectly happy right here . 
come on everybody join us at friday's for an awesome night ! let's have some great food and fun with all of our friends ! 
psychology final - wish me luck ! 
up to my eyeballs in work , shopping for school books , and just plain stressed out . gonna be an interesting weekend . i can already tell . 
feels like i have been going nonstop for days . gotta get to work or i'm gonna pass out . so much to do , so little time . ah , well . back to the old grind . :) 
there's a point when people need to learn that it's time to grow up and take responsibility for their own actions . it's not always everyone else's fault . 
today sucks . car's messed up , no way to get anywhere , and work till god knows when . great ! 
mango smoothie = yumm . :D 
Needs to get a fuel injection setup for my car and finish doing the body work on it . :) 
love when people make things seem so much more dramatic than they should be ... 
When there's nothing left to lose , you win . 
You'll never meet another like me . I'm one of a kind . :) 
Like a million faces\ 
I've recognized them all\ 
And one by one they've all become\ 
A number as they fall\ 
In the face of reason\ 
I can't take no more\ 
One by one they've all become\ 
A black < PROPFIRST > on the floor ... 
I'll bet you can't do it like me . Nope ! 
can't seem to do anything right . might as well go to bed and hope for tomorrow to be better . 
round 2 complete . Mopar : 1 Dyllan : 1 I'm gonna fix this car ... eventually . 
I'm a superstar in the making . Never ask for anything worth the taking . 
Don't really know what to do right now . just taking things as they come and trying to make sense of what I can . 
Well , I didn't think this would happen this early , but I'm not complaining . I'm actually excited . Getting married . :) 
you know it's a bad night when you get attacked by nachos ... 
a boy and a girl , all they had was a dream ... 
Excited and anxious about tuesday . It needs to hurry up and get here . 
finally got an apartment . things are looking up . :) 
if anyone knows of anyone wanting to sell a little laptop for cheap , hit me up . looking for something to < PROPFEMALE > around for homework , etc . 
Maybe I can't do this by myself . Thank god for my wonderful wife . Always here to help me out when I need it . :-) 
need to get on some independent studying , but gotta find the time . eh , everything has a way of working itself out , so i'm gonna go with things for the moment . i have a feeling things are gonna get interesting soon . let's hope so ! 
I'm falling even more in love with you\ 
Letting go of all I've held on to\ 
I'm standing here until you make me move\ 
I'm hanging by a moment here with you\ 
I'm living for the only thing I know\ 
I'm running and not quite sure where to go\ 
And I don't know what I'm diving into\ 
Just hanging by a moment here with you 
Don't worry . I'll take care of everything . Somehow . 
nothing like a little food poisoning to ruin my day . 
wish i could just curl up and sleep for days . need some real time off . stress and being sick are killing me . i feel horrible ... :( 
doing some < PROPMALE > research and talking to my dad and my wonderful wife . doesn't really get any better than this . :D 
looking to get starting on something soon . i need a project to do before i drive myself crazy trying to think of one . computer programming is hard when you can't figure out what to write . 
needs to quit playing video games and do his homework . Not really feeling it though . With a 117 average , i could afford to miss some work . need to save that card for later though . I might need it . :) 
sold my camaro today . It was really bitter sweet ... 
red lobster With the wifey . It's awesome . :D 
man vertigo sucks horribly . I can barely see straight right now , and i can't stand up . I just wanna go home and lay down forever ... :( 
