all ready for the softball game tonight ! 

staying the night at tal's !!! 
plans on jumping in the pool 
preparing for Missouri .................... 
Missouri is at least 100 drgrees everyday ...... missing Michigan 
soooo tired but very happy about being home in Michigan but i kinda miss Missouri ...... 
so happy about winning third place at Nationals !!! 
Romans 8:38 -39 For I am convinced that neither death nor life , neither angels nor demons , neither the present nor the future , nor any powers , neither height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , will be able to separate us from the Love of God tha 
is going to enjoy a peaceful weekend ! => 
its a beautiful day !!! 
at the Clarks house !!! 
\Project Caitlynn\ " is going strong and we will be pretty much done tomorrow sometime .....! => and there will be pictures !!!! " 
i still have alot of primer in my hair and it won't come out!!!(it's all Tal's fault ! =>) 
on our way to Home Depot ........... 
We had a great time tonight with softball ! Now I am back to painting with the coolest amazing , funniest crazy girl ever ! ( this is < PROPFEMALE > for anyone who was wondering :) 
its late and project Caitlynn will be done sometime on Friday well , it's Friday right now if you think about it .... the paint fumes got to my head a little i think ! 
time to put down the flooring ........................ 
Invasion was cooool , got to bed really late but am excited because today we are going out on the boat and swimming ! 
Project Caitlynn pictures later today !!!! ----- check it out ! 
Camp Meeting was awesome , without facebook distractions ! Now i have time and can get back on Facebook 
GETTING READY FOR THE FAIR THIS WEEKEND WITH MY BEST FRIEND ! 
Does anybody know when the last church softball game is this week ???? 
Psalm 37:3 -6 Trust in the Lord and do good ; dwell in the land and enjoy safe pasture . Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart . Commit your way to the Lord ; trust in Him and he will do this ; He will make your righteousness shine like the < PROPFEMALE > , the Justice of your cause like the noonday sun . 
Psalm 16 : 7-8 I will praise the Lord , who counsels me ; even at night my heart instructs me . I have set the Lord always before me . Because he is at my right hand , I will not be shaken . 
you know < PROPFEMALE > was kinda dumb ........ 
Proverbs 16:9 In his heart a man plans his course , but the Lord determines his steps . 
why does it have to rain today ? 
excited about bible study tonight !!! 
Proverbs 32:18 -19 There is surely a future hope for you , and your hope will not be cut off . Listen , my son , and be wise , and keep your heart on the right path . ( NIV ) 
going out on the bike trail with < PROPMALE > 
likes not having to drive to Bay City today since i live almost two hours away . i plan on reading and watching Tals ' old musicals . 
so tired ..... 
is it really true that it might snow on Thanksgiving !? 
it might seem too early but i love listening to Christmas music everyday , the siblings are all ready getting sick of it ............. : > 
looking for a new car today ................. 
there is snow everywhere ! 
just happy the play's over ........ i will admit , it was fun 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! \And God bless us everyone ! \"" 
was scared out of my mind last night at the clarks !! => 
got a cute kitten yesterday ... she still doesn't have a name ... any suggestions ??? => 
Great Job Amazing Grace Basketball League ! 
I'm learning that fasting can be fun , and you try new foods !!! 
ohhh what a day it has been , slaving ..................... 
another wonderful afternoon having tea with Tal ! 
Hebrews 10:35 -36 Therefore do not throw away your confidence , which has a great reward . For you have need of endurance , so that when you have done the will of God you may receive what is promised . 
\He who laughs last didn't get it . \"" 
“Cast your burden on the LORD , And He shall sustain you ; He shall never permit the righteous to be moved . ” Psalms 55:22 
Can't wait for American Idol ! 
just relaxing all day was what i needed . ( smile ) 
Hebrews 13:17 -18 Obey your leaders and submit to their authority . They keep watch over you as men who must give an account . Obey them so that their work will be a joy , not a burden , for that would be of no advantage to you . Pray for us . We are sure that we have a clear conscience and < PROPFEMALE > to live honorably in every way . 
dog sitting for the clarks ! =) 
American Idol !!! 
but in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord . always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have . but do this with gentleness and respect . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:15 
As long as it is day , we must do the work of Him who sent me . Night is coming , when no one can work . < PROPFIRST > 5:39 
watching Iron Chef < PROPFEMALE > , love this show ! 
2 Corinthians 8:21 For we are taking pains to do what is right , not only in the eyes of the Lord but also in the eyes of men . 
the bike trail is calling my name .................. =) 
HAPPY SAINT PATTY'S DAY ! 
I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live , but Christ lives in me . The life I live in the body , I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself for me . Galations 2:20 
Dear children , let us not Love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:18 
so tired from Talent Expo . ( hangs head ) 
HE is Risen ! Happy Easter everbody ! 
We know that we live in Him and He in us , because He has given us of His spirit . 1 Jonh 4:13 
We will lovingly follow the truth at all times , speaking truthly , dealing truthly , living truthly-and so become more and more in every way like Christ . Ephesians 4:15 -16 
=) Thanks everybody !! I sunbathed outside for my B-day , went out to Rockford , and went out on my Grandpa's motorcycle , and now I am as red as a tomato . =) but is was a nice , relaxing Birthday . 
Proverbs 2:6 \ 
The Lord grants wisdom , His every word is a treasure of knowlegde and understanding . \ 
Proverbs 4:7 \ 
Getting wisdom is the most important thing you can do , and with your wisdom develop common sense and good judgment . 
is really liking the new laptop ! Thanks Mom ! =) 
pooped out from going to open houses .... =) 
is ready for Orientation =) 
Phantom of the Opera tomorrow !!! sooo excited , already have the tickets , gown , shoes ! 
finally just got out of the pool ................. =) 
Dog and house sitting for the < PROPMALE>'s while they're in Ohio . =) 
I'm ready for the weekend ! 
going out to lunch with tal !!! 
What an Awesome start to campmeeting ! 
\Oh what a beautiful morning ! Oh what a beautiful Day ...... \"" 
[ Jesus said ] You are the light of the world . Let your light shine before men , that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven . -- < PROPFIRST > 5:14 -16 
\Open the Heaven's wide !... Pour out your Spirit on us ! \"" 
Got my book , milkshake , Napoleon .............. Me time =) 
likes the leaves turning colors ....... ( smiles ) 
enjoys doing fun stuff with her mom ! 
I Love Fall . And all the pretty colors ! 
Can't wait for the Harvest Dinner and all the activities !!!!!!!! 
so excited about today ; Fusion ! 
Who really knows me ? . . . Full name . . . Birthday . . . Age . . . Eye color . . . Nickname . . . Best friend . . . Favorite color . . . Favorite drink . . . POST this to your status and see who really knows you 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
Its going to be a good day .......... =) 
Almost all the snow is melted ! Bike trail here I come ! 
Packing and leaving for Beaverton . =) My week of relaxation . 
Enjoying a quiet and peaceful house here in Beaverton 
Watching the Oscars ... 
Packing so I can come home ..... =) excited to see the family ! 
Can't wait to spend time with the little , handsome < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
Love the songs we're doing for the Easter play ! 
Going to have a fun girls day ! Red Lobster , shopping with the cousins , etc . 
Had a wonderful time at Bible study and wonderful cake and fellowship . 
Can't wait for Sunday morning to get here ! =) 
Just when it started to look like Spring .... 
Blueberry ;) 
Galatians 6:9 -10\ 
Let us not become weary in going good , for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . Therefore , as we have opportunity , let us do good to all people , especially to those who belong to the family of believers . 
Going bowling tomorrow !!! I'm not very good but .... I'm still going to have fun lookin ' bad ! ( laughs ) 
