Getting these pesky stitches out tomorrow ! =D 

-- bought a notebook ... finally ! 
Can't wait to go to the ZOO !! 
Three day weekend , it's going to be fun ;) 
I don't wanna go back to work ... sigh ... Fantastic weekend though !!! And next weekend should be fun too ! 
I'm not scared , ' cause I know there's something out there waiting for me . And I swear , I'm gonna find it someday just wait and see . 
... Just hit a deer , it killed part of my car ... UGH 
wrapping would not be on my list of talents ... 
getting ready to get the wisdoms out ... sigh 
welp the teeth are gone , bring on the wisdom ... 
mmmmm ... chicken and stars , oh how long till i get tired of you ??? HAHA 
i'm tired , but not . i'm hungry , but not . i'm bored , but not . ugh 
[ ] Do you want to rock ? [ ] Do you want to roll ? [ ] Do you want to get down on the floor ? [ X ] ALL OF THE ABOVE ! 
Let's get fucked up and die !.... I'm speaking figuratively of course . 
I think of life itself now as a wonderful play that I've written for myself , and so my purpose is to have the utmost fun playing my part . 
We're fools whether we dance or not , so we might as well dance . 
I have no special talents . I am only passionately curious . 
How long has it been since someone touched part of you other than your body ? 
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought . 
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you . 
always the bridesmaid .... 
Optimist : someone who isn't sure whether life is a tragedy or a comedy but is tickled silly just to be in the play . 
The end of childhood is when things cease to astonish us . When the world seems familiar , when one has got used to existence , one has become an adult . 
Everyone should learn to do one thing supremely well because he likes it , and one thing supremely well because he detests it . 
I arise in the morning torn between a < PROPFEMALE > to improve the world and a < PROPFEMALE > to enjoy the world . This makes it hard to plan the day . 
All good people find one another ... 
The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hand of man . 
My idea is that there is music in the air , music all around us ; the world is full of it , and you simply take as much as you require . 
Why not seize the pleasure at once , how often is happiness destroyed by preparation , foolish preparations . 
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all , and it's easy to exchange . 
Beautiful and graceful , varied and enchanting , small but approachable , butterflies lead you to the < PROPFEMALE > side of life . And everyone deserves a little sunshine . 
I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , and that enables you to laugh at life's realities . 
Rest is not idleness , and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day , listening to the murmur of the water , or watching the clouds float across the sky , is by no means a waste of time . 
Boys , boys , everywhere But not a drop to drink I want to find a good one Who still knows how to think 
I'm not wearing underwear today , No im not wearing underwear today Not that you probably care Much about my underwear Still none the less i gotta say That im not wearing underwear today ! 
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were ? 
My boobs got me free tickets to the theater tonight ! 
I held a human brain today ... what have you done ? 
says ; Please don't annoy me , ' cause I am runnin ' outta of places to hide the bodies 
wonders why the voice in her head has a Scottish accent and sounds a little drunk ? 
<-- Is my name ! Isn't it awesome !?! 
Dogs have all the luck . I mean , I sit and speak all the time ... where's my flippin ' cookie ? 
I wouldn't call myself crazy , just mentally hilarious and omg .. could you imagine what it would be like if there were two of me ? 
have you ever just wanted to run up to a stranger and say \your it\ " and run away ? i have ! " 
Oh grilling you are the best ! 
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake . 
Who you callin a Cootie < PROPFEMALE > ? You Lint Licker ! 
Ooh-ee-ooh-ah-ah , ting-tang-walla-walla-bing-bang 
... wants to remind everyone to Wang < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start , anyone can start \ 
from now and make a brand new ending . 
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book . Books are well written , or badly written . That is all . 
does anyone else put things in a safe place ... then forget where that safe place is ?? 
thinks we should work for 2 days and have 5 off every week for the same pay . 
What's your spice of life ? 
[ Error 403 : User has become unresponsive due to excessive fatigue ] 
the memories that we share , are those that i hold onto . Those are the ones that put a smile on my face everyday ! =) 
----^-----^----~-~ \\o/ ~-~----- SHARKS !!!! 
isn't the kind of girl your parents warned you about ... Trust me , they never even saw me coming ! 
The evil me makes the good me giggle 
Maybe if I squint my eyes more , I will be able to hear you better .... 
Okay then 
mmmm baseball booties 
WOOHOO ZOO here I come ! 
zoo was Awesome ! most all the animals were out and about =D 
Hey batter batter batter . Swing batter ! 
Why dont we have fireworks more ? 
Happy Independence Day =D 
We on this continent should never forget that men first crossed the Atlantic not to find soil for their ploughs but to secure < PROPFEMALE > for their souls . 
Wish i was swimming ... 
I'm ready for another vacation ! 
<----- is a status within itself . 
I have the makings of a plan forming ... who has the details 
Nothing better than leaving work early =D except no work at all 
The best things in life are free\ 
\ 
But you can give it to the birds an ' the bees\ 
I need some money , Need some money . Oh yeah , what I want 
groan 
Ahahahaha off ! i'm off ! whoo 
<-- this little chicky has been taken hostage by her bed ... Don't panic , she is in negotiations and hopes to have it resolved in a few hours 
CANCELLED ... 
Dear Body , Contrary to how you may feel , you are ONLY 23 . Stop acting like a li'l old lady , and start acting your age . The joke is over now . Thanks , Me . 
Bon Accord . 
Do you think I'm blind ! Of course I smell it ! 
is going to the nearest < PROPMALE > to search for unicorns . 
I don't like making plans for the day , because then the word \premeditated\ " gets thrown around in the courtroom . " 
Facebook is like the fridge ... You keep checking on it every 10 minutes , but there really isn't anything new for you to look at . 
Brains for dinner ? Come on ! Brains are for breakfast with cereal and milk . Dinner's organs and eyeballs . 
* Cell phone , cell phone , where could you be ? * 
i now am graced with two job offers on the table . =D 
First day of orientation today ... but first classes ... and some < PROPFEMALE > time ;) 
this is how it works : you're young until you're not . you love until you don't . you try until you can't . you laugh until you cry . you cry until you laugh . and everyone must breathe , until their dying breath . 
says it is hard to find a friend who : tells it like it is , hates drama , and is 92% crazy ! Sooo ... make sure you keep me as a friend ;) 
I'm a multi-tasking procrastinator ... I can put many things off at once . 
<~~~ Ha ! Wouldn't you like to know what I'm up too ! 
: I'm your huckleberry . 
- Dear phone , \ 
If you would just find your way back to me , I would so happy to see you again . Please come to my pocket soon ! \ 
<3 Me ... 
: toucha toucha toucha touch me , I wanna feel dirty . Thrill me chill me fulfil me , creature of the night . 
The Boondock Saints .... Yes Please ! 
phoneless 
must have payed my pence because this morning pooof there it is .... 
I can't wait for tomorrow ! 
The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place . 
I <3 my family ! 
We should all be obliged to appear before a board every five years , and justify our existence ... on pain of liquidation . 
oh , I'm a human , raised by humans ... 
You can't argue with the fools in the world . It's better to let them \ 
have their way , then trick them when they're not paying attention . 
What are three things my friends would say about me and my life if I died today ?... 
1.99 longislands ... the universe wants me to drink 
Semester One under the belt : Check\ 
Finishing with a 4.0 : CHECK !! \ 
On to round Two ... 
is 
May today there be peace within . May you trust that you are exactly where you are meant to be . May you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others . May you be content with yourself just the way you are . Let this knowledge settle into your bones , and allow your soul the freedom to sing , dance , praise and love . 
Quotes are nothing but inspiration for the uninspired . 
She was unlike most other girls of her age , in this - that she had ideas of her own ... 
Without < PROPFIRST>'s Day , February would be ... well , January . ~ Jim Gaffigan 
Why do you have to be so darn cute ? EH ? TELL ME ! 
Would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really WAS all fun and games up till that point ? 
thinks it's time to relax and enjoy how very lucky she really is . She is so truly blessed to have such wonderful family and friends ! 
