nothing to do 

is playing x-box 
is going to sleep 
is bored 
is playing b-ball outside 
is exhausted 
is eating 
is watching bellevue fireworks from backyard ! 
is going to bartlett fireworks 
just got home from bartlett fireworks 
is going swimming and then shooting fireworks . Happy 4th of July every1 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is shooting off lots and lots of fireworks at dark 
has been shooting fireworks for 2 hours and still a lot left :) 
watched my neighbors shoot a $35 dollar firework 
good night every1 ! have a nice rest 
is very bored and not tired 
is going swimming !!!!!!!!!! it is s0 h0t 0utside . cant waitt 
is eating pizza s00n ! 
is bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored !!!!!!!!!!!! anyone got any ideas on what to do ??? 
is going camping tomorrow ! 
just got bak from like a 5 day camping trip ..... and i am burnt like toast . 
is probably going to see < PROPMALE > tonightt 
good night every1 
is so bored ..... nothing to do 
is goin to the movies tonight 
is leaving to the movies 
is going swimming 
just watched the haunting in connecticut 
bored ... text me ! 
no tv in new house yet .. really bored so text me 
still dont got a tv that works .. text me 
is watching saw 5 , text me 
is having a boring day 
is going to dads house 2morow after school 
is at dads house in arlington 
is back at home now 
hey , im bored , if ur bored too then text me ! 
eating steak and nachos ! 
is very tired 
is goin to the football game tonight 
we win 48-21 ! GO WARRIORS !!! 
very tired .... bed 
does not know what to do today . 
is walkin up to movie gallery and walmart for a few hours 
is bak home with nothing to do 
is listening to music 
is home from church 
is goingg to walmart soon 
is not feeling good after taking a nap . 
wishes that I had a longer weekend 
goin to do some hw . 
HAS NOTHING TO DO BECAUSE THERE IS NO TV IN THIS HOUSE !!!! 
oh , its that time again . school 
Progress Reports today :) 
is super bored 
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 . thats how bored I am . i can count to ten 
NERD DAY NERD DAY NERD DAY NERD DAY NERD DAY NERD DAY NERD DAY 
Warriors win 33-0 !! 5-0 !!!! 
thinking about goin bak to bed . nothing to do 
feeling like i should sleep all day . nothing to do 
church 
boredd 
bored 
bored , textt me 
12:09 A.M. make a wish 
Really doenst feel good . fever 
FINALLY getting TV !!!!!!!!!! 
cant wait for this week to be over 
goin to do somethin til the game 
finally , an empty and peaceful house 
is feeling sick again 
SATURDAY 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Guess who just ran a 5K , the first in the state , wait , maybe the first in the USA , yea it was Coach Hunt , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and me . 
Denard who ? GO STATE ! 
Complete domination by STATE . End of story . 
This year has started different than any other and I dont think anything can bring me down . 
I'm in such a great mood ! 
Already the last day of break :( 
saints and colts in the super bowl !!! 
cant believe im awake this early . 
Playin some halo2 
I pick butler over duke 
Hates the storm messin uP the satellite ..... 
ACT tomorrow . 
locked outta the house 
eating a very delicious dinner 
Goin to the library to type two < PROPFEMALE > paper 
Goin to see hot tub time machine at 7 
Tomorrow is my favorite day of the year 
Looking forward to the only good monday of the year 
Watching pineapple express 
at the house , just woke up and still tired 
watching lebron take over the game 
Watching transformers 
Watchin tv and chillin 
Bak from cross country and ready for church in a bit 
Studying for english exam which really sucks 
Goin to the carnival 
Hah bored , what shall i do ? 
Havin pizzaaa 
Happy summer to everyone 
Gonna be up pretty late , text me 
Just put a movie in , enjoying the summer 
Playin some ncaa football10 
Running 2 < PROPMALE > was hard but i got thru it 
Goin to the movies and bowling later 
eatin some sonic 
Everyone is always bored at this time , or mayybe its just me 
Watchin some tv until i feel like goin to bed 
Ready to watch the nba finals 
Looks like kobe isnt gettin 30 tonight 
Bed now , 
Cross country went pretty well . Now its time to eat a lot of food 
Not sore at all from tht 3 mile run yesterday 
Awake gettin ready for the 3 Mile run at 6 
Im not even tired after running but these itchy legs r really not making my day any better 
Got shutter island , lemme kno if u wanna come over and watch it later 
Watching shutter island by myyself 
Cant wait for celtics to win tonight 
Wht was that ??? I think it was the celtics . Finishing the game strong 
When will u be bak 
Gettin ready to run myy 4 < PROPMALE > 
In southaven watching get him to the greek 
Celtics win again . What happened LA 
Hmm , just woke up 
Oh im home , and there isnt anything to do around here 
Not reallyy sore from CC so im ready for these 3 < PROPMALE > 
Boston celtics can finish it tonight 
Just slept for 14 . and a half hours 
Hopefully i can get up to run in the morning 
Boring day , i guess its cause i woke up at 2 . 
Pizza is good 
< PROPFIRST > brees is right . Lebron should go down to new orleans 
Good run this morning 
This empty house is great for me 
should probably go to bed soon ... cc early in the morning 
Really tryin to sleep but i cant ... 
I think im ready to wake up early and run tomorrow . 
Gonna see SALT in southaven and then caamping tonite 
Really cant fall asleep 
almost fallin asleep in the shower can never be a good sign . 
Back to bed , peaace out 
Whts up with this storm 
oh , i just woke up 
I am just syked about running 4 < PROPMALE > early tomorrow morning 
Ugh , nothing to do . 
dinner for schmucks 
First C.C practice today 
I am glad tht senior year is starting tmrow 
Hahha , the light in walmart went off and on 
The other guys 
First school weekend just flew by . 
Ready to watch this football game 
got my haircut 
Pineapple express gets funnier each time i watch it 
I feel reall sick and i dont know how it happened 
Gonna watch the hangover at 7 
Ive been waiting all day at skool for the < PROPMALE > to start this essay for calculus . Nope thats a lie . 
\There is nothing stopping u from being in the Olympics except yourself\ " - Coach Hunt " 
C . C early in the morning tmrow 
Just finished playin guitar hero 
Oh so bored . Doin a little hw . :( 
Super busy day today ..... got a massive 3 < PROPFEMALE > calculus essay . Cross country practice at 3 30 And then FCA tonigt at six 
FCA was fun but now its time to get serious about this calculus essay 
Cant believe im going to bed ...... still got science report , vocab quiz to study for , and works cited < PROPFEMALE > to finish in the morning .... oh and dont forget govt hw 
Wow , that was a horrible night 
Hittin up some guitar hero 
Great race today . The A-TEAM finished strong 
Unbelievable game of Ultimate i must say . 
I better do good on the government test tomorrow . Im putting some time into studying 
Studying until its time to run 
What time do u wake up ? About 7:30 , how about you ? I wake up at 4:00 in the morning . 
I can feel the titans super bowl comin this year 
His palms are sweaty , knees weak , arms are heavy . Theres vomit on his sweater already , moms spaghetti . Hes nervous on the surface but hes calm and ready 
to drop bombs ....... 
Three peanut butter sandwiches and a can of pears and then i am definately sleeping 
Slept from 1:30 to 6 .... How am I gonna fall asleep again tonite 
Wow , playin guitar hero . Thats how bored i am 
Cross country team is gonna beast up tupelo tomorrow ! 
goin to bed i guess ... 
I am nowhere near confident about these physics problems 
Hello monday . I cant wait for u to be over . 
Tomorrow is a good day to wake up and watch the sun rise again . Be aware of ur actions because they might just be the last ones u make . 
I was coach hunts water boy today haha 
I gotta get some rest , long run in the morning . 
Im glad im no fan of ole miss 
Super bored . 
Playin call of duty against my six year old brother 
im pretty tired . I still gotta wake up and run tmrw morning but at least theres no skool . 
Already ran 6 < PROPMALE > this morning . Its gonna be pretty hard to top that . 
A promise is a declaration that something will or will not be done . 
Just woke up .... gonna be so sleepy today .. 
So tired .... up late last night and pretty brutal morning . 
ACT this saturday . Have to miss C.C. Meet to take it tho :( 
Government is really putting me to sleep . 
So tired and its so hot in this house . Need AC fixed soon please and thank you . 
Always wondered why ppl get addicted to texting . 
ah , my shoulder is killin me right now 
Good job saints 
FCA this morning . 
Eatin pizza and football game in a bit 
Good luck tomorrow SCCTBS . If u dont know what that means ull learn someday . 
Goin to sleep ...... I hope i do better on my ACT tomorrow . 
Such a boring day besides some college football 
Today is the start of the TITANS run to the SUPER BOWL !!!! 
Go get em TITANS 
Thats right , TITANS already dominating this season . 
I seem to get lazier every weekend and realize i didnt do anything by the time its over 
Easy 4 mile run this morning 
Government and calculus test tmrw ...... really sucks . 
Oh , i hate monday nights . Two tests tmrw doesnt help either . 
I really hope my food digests fast or i will be throwing up all of it at practice today . 
Goin to sleep like 3 hours before i usually do .... not feeling that good . 
Time to eat my refrigerator 
8 mile run tmrw at 4 30 A.M. 
Underachievers never get rewarded 
When ur bored , play guitar hero . Thats what I do 
Ready to race tmrw . Im definatelyy not gonna miss this one . 
GET PUMPED ! 
Good job to everyone on the SCCTBS 
Went to batting cages , bowling and ate 12 pieces of pizza ... stuffed and tired . 
It is time for the steel curtain to break . GO TITANS !!!!!! 
I feel like my heart is still racing after saturdays race . Its amazing how much each race helps me prepare to get btr for the next one . 
Oh no . Football game on tonite . Dont tempt me stupid TELEVISION . 
Wow , the 49ers really suck ... 
Need to turn my phone volume up :( . Always miss the important calls . 
Finally got a job to start next monday . 
Hahaahaaa . Starskyy and hutch 
Jeez ........ got NOTHING to do ... 
I guess tomorrow is bak to another thursday . 4:30 A.M 8 mile run tmrw . I just cant wait !!! 
Cramming for government test and memorizing the prologue :( 
Today will be a very eventful day . I just cant wait to get it started 
Had so much fun tonite but so tired ... race tmrw morning . 
I think we just ran on a 3 mile course for pigs . OINK OINK . 
Up late watching these lame movies 
Titans time to beat the giants 
First day at work is finally over 
Work at 3 o'clock . 
Another day at work , what can i say .... 
Always feel llike a beast after my 8 mile run but so sad it was our last one :( 
And whatever you do , do it heartily , as to the lord and not to men__Colossians 3:23 
Workkkk soooonnnn , and workkk on saturdayy after my race and on sunday ......... 
I am gonna push myself as hard as i can go in the race tmrw . Work after the race so hit me up if u cann . 
Wow , florida is just getting stomped . 
Always love to watch the titans win . 
A day off work is like a birthday present on a mondayy 
Wow , 40 Degrees outside and i got 4 < PROPMALE > of speed work this morning :) !!! 
Government is just horrible to me ..... 
I believe that i have a 6 mile run tmrw morning . 
Definately excited to get my first pay check !!! 
Guess i need to figure out some plans for this great fall break :) 
Got my haircut and in southaven shopping [][] 
Yaaa , go titans 
Sack city for the titans !!! Thts what im talkin about . 
Yesss , titans beat cowboys !!!! That makes up for a bad weekend . 
Dentist , and then work later . 
Realize ur doing wrong , admit that you were wrong , and then ask for forgiveness . 
Definately a good experience doing speed workouts by urself . It's much harder to push urself to the limit when you know theres no one watching 
Wow , i hope it stops hailing before i leave to work 
Hmm , make a poster for cross country and if i feel like it , calculus hw . 
Headed to work now 
Good night . I wish dreams could start where they left off sometimes :) . 
I gotta go to work , and maybe paranormal activityy 2 Later 
If u wanna go see paranormal activity 2 tonitee let me knowww ... i definately dont wanna go alone haha . 
Is off to workk 
Great speed work , but super glad it was our last . 
Blackout pep rally and senior night at the game tmrw . It should be a good dayy . 
I am frozen solid 
Stuck watching college football . 
H4PPY H4LL0W33N !!! 
Thats my boiiii CJ2K right there ! Go titans 
Running in the rain for our last practice went well and very W.E.T. 
I am ECSTATIC that this Saturday is almost here ! I can't wait !! 
Fridayy iz hhere ! Great day . 
A lot of people run a race to see who is fastest . I run to see who has the most guts . - < PROPMALE > Prefontaine- 
Im one happy camper . Got my pay check today . 
The only good race pace is suicide pace , and today looks like a good day to die . - < PROPMALE > Prefontaine 
Getting escorted by police is super cool . On thr way to STATE MEET !!! 
Seven Seniors , hundreds of < PROPMALE > together , lots of cross country memories to never forget . PEACE OUT . 
Got an extra hour of sleep but still woke up with a sore knee and hip . 
Gotta go to work and figure out what to do later . 
Trying is having the intention to fail something before u start . Confidence in urself is the key . 
Tuesday is snoozedayy . 
Good knight , i can make it to church tonite . Im excited . Who wouldnt be ? 
Watchin Get him to the greek and then to work . 
If life was simple there wouldnt be a reason to live it . I wanna live my life where theres always something to overcome . 
I hope this weekend turns out great 
Well , work will be the highlight of my day tmrw cause people cancelling on me is a habit that i cant get rid of . 
Go titans and bears ! Get the W . 
Q : How come you dont like to be called < PROPMALE > .? A : Because my name is < PROPFIRST > , what silly question . 
Enjoying a day off work ! 
Gonna get a lot of rest cause i know my heads gonnna hurt when i see those calculus problems 1st period :( . 
English , physics , and govt tests tmrw ? Gonna be a late night tonight when i find time to study . 
I believe in JESUS CHRIST . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the BIBLE it says , If you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my FATHER , at the GATES OF HEAVEN . If you love GOD and you are not afraid to show it , repost this 
PAY DAY . \Cha-Ching \"" 
Great to be out of skool for over a week ! 
peer pressure is taking me to see < PROPMALE > potter . 
Time to take a sip of my sleeping potion . 
Slept from 1 to 1 . Been a while since ive done that . 
State > Arkansas 
Church :) 
Gotta get to work on this mousetrap car .... soon . 
Would a lion cheat ??? Nooo , but a Tiger Wood ! OoOoOoO 
Some people are just clueless . 
Been workin on this mousetrap car for a few hours and then gotta work at 3 . 
I believe we have a 21 pound turkey for dinner tmrw :) . 
I guess now is a good time to get to sleep 
Start off Thanksgiving with some football 
Great thanksgivingg ! Another night to stay up latee so hit me upp 
I guess now is a good time to finallyy sleep 
Watching semi-pro . Lets get tropical . 
OMG BOISE STATE 
I cant wait for The Egg Bowl so i can watch STATE win after work :) . 
GO DAWGS ! Send them bears into hibernation !!! 
State wins THE EGG BOWL again !!! Great job 
I hate school projects . 
I wish i could sleep thru skool today ..... 
My mom said \Today is a stupid day \"" 
A lot of stuff to do once i get off work . 
Fixin to watch grown ups again haha . 
I wanna get chocolate wasted :) 
Workkin on my mousetrap car . 
OMG !!!!!! I got my mousetrap car to goooo ! @ !! @ ! #@^# ! & ! *@ ! Now all i gotta do is write the report and do government junk ! 
4 Hours of sleep last night and tonite isnt lookin good either haha . 
If u wanna talk about someone , u better speak up . Its makin u look pathetic when u mumble under ur breath 
Life is like a coin . You can spend it any way you wish , but you only spend it once . __Lillian Dickson 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is not to stop questioning . __Albert Einstein 
I love the smell of my paycheck . 
Ugh , just woke up ... not a veryy good friday . 
Midnight texting anyone haha ? 
Gosh , I gotta get to sleep hah . Work tmrw at 3 
How do u love others if u cant love urself ? 
Is glad i am off work today :) . 
Jets r gonna take down the pats 
Come on Christmas Break ! Quit slowing down and get here alreaddy 
If you can accept losing , you can't win . - < PROPMALE > Lombardi 
Got a feeling ima be up late tonight cause of stupid government workbook 
Ready to get this last ACT over with ! 
Always feels good about the ACT and then get to the reading and science ...... uhhhh ..... 
Fixin to watch The Expendables 
I just got up from my nap ....... bak to watchin movies .. 
She's Out of My League haha 
Got a much needed haircut 
I wanna live to be 107 so i can be in the 22nd century :) . 
I wanna go home and get in bed . Im brain dead right now . 
Just got uniforms for work , a raise , and a ham from work as well 
Goin to christmas party at work , cant wait for that . I wish i didnt have to work after it tho . 
Happy with my 100 on the calculus exam but government is gonna suck tomorrow . 
Time to get in bed . Ready for my last day before break tmrw . 
Idk what to dooooo 
Just woke up from a nice long sleep . 
Not good .... stayinn up late is becomin a habit again . 
Typical Saturday , Nothing to do until i go to work . 
Workkk 
Just started thinkin about that ACT last weekend ..... Absolutely hate waiting for those scores . 
Forget this ! Midnight movie . 
< PROPMALE > who ? 
Gettin in my warm bed early tonite 
Act nice toward others and u should get the same in return . 
Definately needs some plans for tonite . 
Feelin like im gonna pull an all nighter . No work tmrw ! 
< PROPFEMALE > shi fu jiu xu gei chuang pu < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Just woke up from a deep sleep 
Midnight sugar rush ??? 
maybe a few more hours and ill be ready for bed . 
Gettin to bed now 
Well , I guess ill get in bed early tonight . After all , I do got work tmrw . 
What a nice day to ..... 
Work at 3 , and movies at 9 
pickle schmickle ! 
INCEPTION 
INCEPTION has my mind in another world ! 
I love Jesus and cant wait until his birthday tomorrow ! 
Ummmmm , yaaaa .... i gotta work today . 
Just got home from work ! 
Elf :) 
I wanna have one of those INCEPTION dreams !!! 
2010 is almost over . 
Just got my ACT scores .... English : 21 Math : 27 Reading : 18 and Science : 23 
Goin to sleep finalllly 
Would you take a bullet for Jesus ? 
Oh jeezzzz , just woke up and have work at 3 ! Ahhhhh 
INCEPTION ROUND 2 
Nothing to do on a Wednesday night . Go figure 
feelin horrible today .... 
Watching The Other Guys 
Paydayyy :) ! 
Haha , game over or not refss ... make up ur mind . 
Pumped up for the New Years 5K tomorrow ! It's been a while since my last run . 
You can only live in the present . 
Well , this is a fun time to be at work 
Well , school tmrw ... 
Glad i only got 3 hours of sleep saturday night so i could pass out last night ! 
Well , these teachers had their work ready for us in our first day back :( 
Im sooo tired , im almost fallin asleep at workk 
I am . Inbetween the lines l ¥ l 
Lame-oh-nade 
Oh my , i almost hit a cat in the car . 
No homework and no work = a good day . 
Playoffs start today ! 
How about them JETS 
JETS WIN !!!!! 
Gonna be spending this afternoon at work . 
Where did all this ice cream outside come from ? 
Sweet niblets . No school tomorrow and off of work :) . 
National chamionship tonight and full day off of work and school tomorrow 
Go Auburn ! 
Forget about glowin in the dark ... oregons socks glow in the light ! 
Auburn !!! 
School tomorrow is the last thing i wanted to Hear 
I feel like its the right time to put INCEPTION in . 
Stupid Stupid Stupid 
Bored . The End . 
Had a fun time at a different church tonight :) 
Gosh i hate homework 
We need to make a double \shortcut\ " for Calculus because a \ " shortcut\ " is like half a < PROPFEMALE >." 
I hate waking up this early on the weekend . 
I wish i could stay home and watch football instead of work . 
The Green Hornet was pretty awsome 
I guess 1:45 is a good time to wake up 
I have no idea what Im gonna do with a full day off tomorrow . 
The miracle is not to fly in the air , or to walk on the water , but to walk on the earth . 
Economics is so much easier than government . 113 on my first test ! :) 
I'm gonna go read the BEST book ever made . 
Just spent about an hour reading the Bible ! 
Im workin my tail off . 
H.B.B. ( Homework , Bible , Bed ) 
Finally a day that I am not loaded up with homework ! 
Pizza and jersey shoreee 
I got sickk while watching the news this morning cough cough cough 
Im gonna be < PROPFEMALE > tired once this day ends . 
Good Night . 
such a lame and boring day 
The Blind Side is coming on :) 
Almost time for the Bears to makke their way to the Super Bowl ! 
Ill take the Jets 27-21 . 
cheesehead and steelberger super bowl . This year sucks haha 
Bunch of Calculus problems , Resume to start on , 2nd half of Physics test tmrw ..... I will be busy . 
Gotta love Calculus . 
Im feelin kinda smart this semester 
I wanna get out of heree 
SOCCER GAME TONIGHT !!! 
I think i finally thawed out from that great soccer game . Im ready for the weekend . 
Bein home all day has been pretty lame 
14 hours of sleep isnt too bad 
What a fantastic night i guess 
I don't know 
I wish there was no skool tmrw 
Im just ready for high school to end . 
Work , here i come 
Rise and shine 
I dont knoww what to do with all this time i have 
I dislike reading this english stuff 
Islanders goalie knocked out with one punch haha . 
Don't do good things to be seen by people 
HELP !!!!!!! 
just ran the \retarded 5K\ " with < PROPMALE > this morning " 
Feels good to be outta school 
I wish someone could save me from work right now 
yes !!! Just got my Acceptance letter to State !!!!! 
Im gonna get some rest . 
Faillllll , Tests in first two classes today . 
Hah , work is boring right now . 
Still goin to work . 
I wish i could text 10 people at a time like all the cool kids . 
Dang , almost time for work . 
Not ready for school tomorrow . 
Hah , it isnt cold outside at all . 
Danggg , weekend is here ! 
Soooooo tired . 
My Saturdays are always lame . 
Officially goin to bed . 
tomorrow is February 14 . 
I learned a new pick-up line in Calculus today . Hey .... nice asymptote . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Burrrrrrr 
Work is goin by so fast . 
That Calculus problem today was definately a humdinger . 
Lameeee 
Woooo , weekends here ! 
im so smarticle 
Ah , bak to work for the weekend . 
I dont know what i would do without a bed to lay in all afternoon . 
Last week went by fast and this week will probably be slow as dirt . 
I got 3 Tests tmrw and gotta go to work now . Not a very good day ahead of me . 
Ive had better days . 
School drools 
Payday :) 
Im glad that it is almost the weekend 
building my instrument for Physics ! 
I wish i could get off work already . 
Not feelin so good 
Well , I got home to find out I have a terrible fever . 
I really need to put pause on my grades right now so i cant mess them up this week . 
Not goin to work today .... had to call in sick 
I hope i wake up tomorrow feelin better than i have the past few mornings 
I definately dont enjoy missin two days of work to be sick . 
sooo tired from all these problems for Calculus . 
Nothing to do ... guess ill lay in bed til i fall into a deep sleep . 
Today suckss 
I thank the Lord for a safe trip home 
Nice guys always lose 
D < PROPFEMALE > took Lebron and D < PROPMALE > at the same time ! Straight up beast ! 
Mondays always creep up on u 
It feels like i havent been to work in foreverrrr 
I would rather be in bed right now 
Work is very fun when u have nothing to do 
Im trusting myself to wake up early tomorrow and do my english note cards . 
yawnnn 
Pi day tomorrow !!! Gonna be crazy ! ~ 
Pi day was Great but I'm glad Spring Break is here ~ ! 
Bed time . 
Workk on a beautiful saturday 
12 Hours of sleep last night and i still feel tired . 
I need to start yawning cause i am so bored right now 
Glad i finally got off work 
It has been a longgg day 
This is ridiculous howi have to spend my day . 
March madness is a killer . 
I hate when i wake up this late and have to work at 3 
Spring break needs to slow down a little . 
I am oh so sleepyyy ! 
Im glad this school year is almost over . 
Watching The Fighter . I love my days off work 
Im glad work is over with for today 
It's just one of those days where I woke up on the wrong side of the bed . 
Calculus and Physics today have just blown my mind 
Gonna be a long night 
North < PROPFEMALE > is beastttt ! Ohio state or Kentucky better bring it . 
Watching Step brothers 
Good night Facebook 
VCU is my hero as of now . 
After work comes homework and thats never good . 
I wish school was easier since its almost over but it is getting much more difficult . 
I wish i knew why i am sleepy this early 
3 Bowls of cereal was pretty good but im bored of eating it 
Research papers suck 
Yaaaa , just got my license !!! 
Almost time for work 
Nothing to do at work right noww , need some textss 
Ya , so getting cussed out at work by an old man wasn't the greatest thing to happen to me . 
Off to work 
