is leaving for vacation on Sunday ! 

is leaving for California tomorrow ! I'm going to miss everyone !! :] 
is home ! 
will hopefully post pictures from vacation tomorrow ! 
misses her friends from school !! 
taught herself to play \Bella's Lullaby\ " on the piano . Best song ever ... :] " 
One week until school ?!?! 
just realized it's her half birthday today . :] 
Good first few days of school ! Schedule : 1 . cadet band ( kuczynski ) 2 . ELP english ( < PROPFEMALE > ) 3 . ELP social studies ( < PROPMALE > ) 4 . PE ( snyder ) 5 . algebra ( viltrakis ) 6 . science ( carasco ) 7 . spanish I ( knopic ) 
survived her first full week of school !! 
Does anyone have second lunch ?!?!? 
is getting her braces off in 3 weeks ! ( 2 weeks , 6 days , 11 hours and 46 minutes to be exact ... ) :] 
straightened her hair for the first time ever today ! :] ( See pics ! ) 
2 weeks ! 
jumped on her trampoline in the rain , got free samples at Costco , and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > ! :] also going to the fair in Flagstaff Monday ! 
Off to do 2 hours worth of homework in 1 ! 
won her first basketball game today ! ( 50-10 ) but I only contributed 1 shot :] haha 
just got back from the NJHS ceremony . Amazing ! 
had a good weekend ! Hanging out , getting hair layered , and now off to start homework ... grr 
A half-day tomorrow , then fall break all next week ! Going sailing in California this weekend too ! Life is good ... :) 
Sailing was fun . We saw tons of seals on the dock and we made a passing boat blow it's horn ! :] I'll put up pics soon 
homework ... :[ 
going to see the phantom of the opera this weekend ! I don't know much about it , but I'm excited :) 
Late start tomorrow , a half week next week ( Thanksgiving ) and outdoor < PROPMALE > . the week after that ... :) :) :) 
Volleyball started today ! Now I've tried a total of 6 sports : soccer , waterpolo , tennis , dance , basketball and volleyball . I failed epically in all but dance and swimming ... :) so those two are my favorites . ( We'll have to see about volleyball haha ) 
will be at outdoor < PROPMALE > this week freezing to death and having a blast ! :) 
had a SPAMtastic time at outdoor < PROPMALE > !!! :] I'll put up pics soon ... 
Finals are OVER ! And winter break starts after the half-day tomorrow :) :) :) 
2nd semester schedule : 1 . band-Kuczynski 2 . english-Bailey . 3 . social studies-Anderson 4 . spanish-Knopic 5 . algebra-Viltrakis 6 . science-Carasco 7 . Home ec-Harriman ... I wanted dance with Knopic instead of home ec , but it's only during 1st hour which is the only hour band is . :( 
Still finding random pieces of confetti around from new years 
homework + me = :( 
Going to be the awesomest nerd for Nerd Day tomorrow haha :) 
First time I finished my homework before it got reeeeeally late in ... a long time . Off to do something FUN :) 
had an undefeated volleyball season ! The team got to the semi-finals before losing a close game at the tournament this weekend though . We celebrated with pizza after , which was fun :) 
coming up with funny , clever statuses is hard ... so this will have to do . haha :) 
has the best friends in the world ! :) :) :) 
Helping the homeless was awesome ( even though it was FREEZING) ! I got to give food to some very grateful homeless people and later to go out and split a pizza with some funny/nice people in my class . :) 
Birthday parties are fun , especially when you win the three-legged race ! Muhaha :) 
LSHMSFOAIDMT :) haha 
Rate me ! Choose all that apply : 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = fun , 7 = hot , 8 = funny , 9 = sweet , 10 = amazing , 11 = tough , 12 = cute , 13 = psycho , 14 = easy on the eyes , 15 = i love you , 16 = gorgeous , 17 = thoughtful 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > , and it was UH-MA-ZING !!! Congrats to everyone involved , you were awesome ! :) 
actually got to DO something in Home ec today !!! :O I know . It's crazy . We made pizza ? 
Rabbit rabbit rabbit ! 
Because of Project Citizen , there were only 6 people in my English class . So instead of taking a test , we < PROPMALE > out and ate < PROPFEMALE>'s cupcakes ... Be jealous . Haha :) 
Our last band concert at Rhodes was tonight . Good job everyone ! :) 
At the awards ceremony ! :) 
Still wearing my earth day bracelet ! :) 
I think I'm getting Summer Fever ! I can't wait for Dobson Dolphins to start and I'm excited about going to New York this summer . And I'm looking forward to lazy summer days with my friends !!! :) 
8th graders : should i go to the pool party on the last day of school , or should i watch the movie ?! 
1 week of school left ! Where has the year gone ?!?! 
GOODBYE school work , friends , Rhodes , and middle school life as we know it , and HELLO summer , new opportunities , Dobson , and the beginning of high school !!! :) 
Never hold a shedding light-haired cat when you're wearing a dark purple dress . NEVER . Haha 
New york in a week ! 
worked alongside my brothers today at the pool ! Its part of jr. lifeguarding :) 
Off to NYC ! Ill be back Friday :) 
saw the brooklyn bridge , the empire state building , and most importantly , TOY STORY 3 ! Haha :) 
Home sweet home ! <3 
New York pictures up ! :) 
Noooo ! I just poured orange juice on the last bit of cereal ( instead of milk) ! The jugs looked so similiar :'( 
got certified in CPR today ! 
My first swim meet ever was tonight ! I was shooting for ' not last ' so I'm happy with third ( out of eight) ! :D 
If you like this status , I'll post on your wall : something I like about you , something I\ 
dislike , a confession , and my first impression . :) Have fun :) 
On a sail boat in San < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Ow . Sunburned ... :( 
Which movie should I see this weekend ? Inception or Despicable Me ?! I can't decide . 
It's raining ! ? 
1 . Spanish 2 - Jauregui\ 
2 . Varsity Band - Gomez\ 
3 . Biology - Meldrum\ 
4 . Honors Geometry - Ollarsaba\ 
5 . AA English - Navarro\ 
6 . AA World History - Hays\ 
1st lunch ! Do we have any classes together ?! :) 
Last day of summer ... Can you believe it ?! Tomorrow is our first day of school as freshmen in highschool ! 
Pretty awesome first day of highschool ! This is going to be a good year :) 
So < PROPMALE > DeSimone just smelled a chapstick and said , \It smells like ... chapstick . \ " Duh ! Oh < PROPMALE > ... ;) " 
Made a Formspring . Ask me a question :) \ 
www.formspring.me/mirandadesimone 
Doncha just love those days when you have almost no homework ? ? 
www.formspring.me/mirandadesimone Do it ! :) 
At the football game . Go Dobson ! :) 
Went to the county fair today ! Got to pet horses and rabbits , ride the ferris wheel , and get some rock/mineral souvenirs :) 
Sooo , I started my homework at 2:30 this afternoon , and just finished . I had breaks for dinner and stuff , but still . Ahh highschool ... </3 
\Great minds discuss ideas . Average minds discuss events . And small minds discuss people . \"" 
being eaten alive by mosquitoes ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > DeSimone ! :) ? 
Good job to everyone in the band concert tonight ! It was awesome , even though i got blisters on my feet from the heels :( 
Had fun at the homecoming dance ! I'll put up pics tomorrow 
So , its hailing and the lights are flickering on and off at school right now . 
I like it on my dresser :) 
Tye-dyed some shirts , they look awesome ! ... But now my nails are blue-ish haha :D 
Aah ! Band chair test tomorrow :( 
FRIDAY !! :D 
Because we had the day off today , and we have school tomorrow , it feels like its Sunday ! But then the weekend is only one day away ... Its weird haha 
Going to the dobson dance concert tonight ! Ill just be watching this year , but hopefully ill be one of the dancers next year :) 
Mmm ... Thanksgiving leftovers ! :) 
Woohoo ASU won ! 
Band concert today . Wish me luck ! 
wants to just be done with all of these finals and go right to winter break ! 
Winter break ! Woo ! :D 
Got a Christmas tree , put up Christmas decorations , went Christmas shopping , and listened to Christmas music . I love this time of the year ! <3 
So , i baked 144 chocolate chip cookies today for all my neighbors haha :) 
In Flagstaff ! Just went on a hike in the snow and had a snowball fight <3 
Shot a gun at a shooting range for the first time today . It was really cool and fun , but also scary ! 
Too much homework ! :( 
At Ihop ! Mmmm 
My favorite part of the superbowl is the comercials haha 
Birthday tomorrow ! :D 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes today guys , it was a great day ! :) 
Had an awesome weekend ! :) 
Band concert tomorrow . It's the first time I've ever had a solo - and there's two of them ! Aaaahhh !! 
Spring break in one week ! :D 
Went swimming a lot today as part of my lifeguard training . It was FREEZING ! :O 
is officially a certified professional lifeguard ! :) 
Blueberry ! 
Going out to eat , just dance 2 , super smash bros brawl , < PROPMALE > potter movies , getting nails painted . My kind of weekend :) 
