Happy New Year peoples ! Lets all do our parts and make 2011 one of the greatest years ever ! The God-Emperor demands it !! Lol XD 

\We fight for His < PROPFEMALE > and in His name ! Victory for the Emperor ! \"" 
Last Day of Summer ! Wow , time sure dose fly ... 
Oh well ... looks like its time to catch some z's ... DAMN SCHOOL NIGHT !! 
And so ends the first day of the new school year ... ugg ... back to work ... 
On the way to the second day of school ... on a bus thats 30 < PROPFEMALE > . behind ... FML ... 
Thank god the school day is almost over ... 
And so ends another day at school ... Otherwise know as \educational prison \"" 
Sick an tired of the stupid bus being so late ... so from now on im DRIVING !!! or at least till i run out of gas ... 
Driving to school today ... Lets hope this goes well so ill never have to ride the damn bus again ... 
Mental note : 1604 is a bitch at 4:50 
Well i guess thats it for today ... i guess ill catch some Z's ... peace out world ! 
Am being forced to ride the SLOW bus today ... Oh FML !! 
I need a lot more practice if im going to be a good rifle guard for color guard ... hey molina ... help ? 
I've got till september 4th to become GREAT at being a rifle guard ... MUST WORK HARDER !! ps anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ? 
well the first weekend of school has arrived ... now what do i do ... 
Goin to see < PROPMALE > game with friends ... they goin to get wooped ! 
Well the weekend is ofically over and i never did my human geo homework ... FML ! 
hmm ... the color guard closet is better but i still need to do a LOT of work ... oh well back to the grindstone as they say ... whoever \they\ " are ... " 
Finally finished the inventory of the color guard closet ... After a little over a week its finally catolouged and organized ... just in time for 2morrows football game ... ps i heard that our jv team lost to < PROPMALE > 54-6 so i think we gunna lose ... 
< PROPFIRST > vs < PROPMALE > the game just started and the score is already 13 - 07 for < PROPMALE > ... ouch ... 
Only got a three day school week this week !! Im so happy to be goin with rotc to the < PROPFIRST > Bush library on friday ! 
Rain , Rain go away ! I really wanted to drive today ... 
I LOVE MY NEW TIRES ! now i can drive much easier ... 
goin to A&M tommorow with ROTC ... this is goin to be fun i get to miss a whole day of school ! 
\And they will all taste oblivion ! Which tastes just like Red Bull ... which is disgusting ! \ " \ 
A&M was amazing ! I hope i can go to school there ! 
ugg sunday already ? i dont want to go back to school ! 
Family is goin out of town this weekend but im staying home ... home alone ... what to do what to do ... 
Great ... mom's car is broke again and so she steal my car ! FML !!! 
MESSAGE TO ALL ROTC CADETS : UNIFORM DAY TOMORROW !! dont forget guys or sgt . G will be angry !! 
turns out im in a physics class that is above my math skills ... im so dead ... 
weekends almost over ... i still had so much i wanted to do !! 
Dont forget , we have the asvab test , so straight to lgi room . 
Asvab wasnt so bad ... Just long winded ... 
another long day and another one waits for me tomorrow ... but i say bring it on cause ive got a BAZOOKA !! 
Tommorow is PT day ... Gotta love that physical training ! and anyone else going to the football game ? 
Hmm ... got all A's and B's so far this six weeks ... lets see how long that lasts int the year . XC 
Alright ... this is the last week of the first six weeks but we still got to keep our eyes on the ball ... A - B report card HERE I COME !! 
tommorows gunna suck ... gunna have to sit in the autitorium and listen to the admins drone about how important the SAT is to us ... like we didnt already have the info pounded into our heads already ! 
Stuck watching some stupid bats fly out from under a bridge downtown ... FML 
Gunna have to play squadron commander tommorow cause both the commander and dep are goin to be at sat prep ... Someone help me !!! 
crap last day of six weeks is tomorrow and im still not done with my DEJs ... FML ! 
well the end of the six weeks is over and ive offically got all A's and B's ... YAY ! 
The one thing i cant stand is extreme indecisiveness . i'm not talking about choosing the red shoes over the blue but the important stuff like saying a relationship is \complicated . \ " there are times in life you just gotta make a choice for better or worse and just remember that this is all just another \ " day in a life \"" 
Mathematical proof that girls are evil : First we state that girls require time & money ... \ 
Girls = Time•Money\ 
We've all heard the expression that \time is money\ " \ 
Now leaving to go to Arlington , TX . Going to meet with some admissions officials at UT Arlington about scholarships and and possible admission contracts ... Wish me luck ' cause i REALLY want to go to this college . 
Just got to Arlignton ... MAN THAT WAS A LONG DRIVE ! 
Getting ready to meet with the college officials about admission ... Wish me luck ! 
The meetings at UT Arlington went GREAT ! I know where im going to school ! 
Sometimes in the course of events life just smacks you in the face ... Oh well at least i NEVER have to see most people I know now EVER again when i eventually go to college ... FML ! 
tomorrow is the start of spirit week ... i hate spirit week ... i mean whats the point ? 
Apparently tomorrow some of the pretend members of the Wolf Pack are going to shoot up < PROPFIRST > ... Hope they try ... I could use the entertainment ... lol ... 
BEST IDEA EVER ! The new mascot/pet of the TX-782 AFJROTC should be a Chinchilla named < PROPMALE > ! I even found a pet store that has some ! Who's with me ! 
tomorrow is the homecoming game vs O'Conner ... this is going to be interesting ... 
FRIDAY !! hmmm ... dont really care what happens ... I JUST WANT MY CAR BACK !!! 
People have been complaining about their lives for a while now ... So i shall reply with a little story ... \Once upon a time there was a chicken who thought his day couldn't get any worse . But then the earth exploded and everyone died ... The End . \ " Moral of the Story : \ " It could ALWAYS be worse . \"" 
God I fuckin HATE holloween ... 
Guy posts on fb : I love her so much ! \ 
Girls post on fb : I love him lots !!! \ 
* next day*\ 
_____________ is now single . \ 
\ 
people need to stop using \love\ " so often ... their stupidity mames me laugh ... XD " 
Looks like the GOP will take the house ! HOORAH !! 
And the Duck says , ' MOO!'\ Wait ... I think my toy is broken ... XD " 
I look around and see the relationships people get into and wish some of them would STOP ACTING LIKE STUPID FRESHMAN !! This is highschool . This is not \real\ " life . And when one keeps saying its over the other would get it through their head . People need to make up their minds when it comes to these things . In my book such indiciciveness is the greatest sin of all . ( Discalmer : No insult was ment to any real Freshmen . ) " 
There are times when it truly pains me to say I told you so ... And at times like these I with the poke button was a hug button ... XC 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , \Where the fuck is my ceiling ? \"" 
\I am not a vegetarian because I love animals ; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants . \ " - saw this quote and was tempted to ACTUALLY go veg . " 
If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular ? 
I think animal testing is a terrible idea ; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers ! 
So long have I watched people and their drama . So far I've done my best to avoid it ; And until now I have . But now I find myself wondering if I should give it a try ... :/ 
\ 
Sittin outside chillen with a open fire , good music , and any food i wanted ... Just need more people and i gots myself a party ... But as it is ill just ke 
ep chillen ... XD 
hmm ... my weekend is already SUPER boaring ... ( hehe BOARing ) see im even making siuper lame jokes ... so anybody wanna see a movie ? 
I confess ... to nothing ! You'll never get me to talk coppers ! 
Dose anyone want to go see a movie later ? 
MOO ! I'M A FISH !! XD 
Anyone want to see a movie ? Anyone at all ? 
The movie Faster was GREAT !! hehehe ! 
Weekend almost over and still got no work done ... whatever . ill just sleep on it all ... ZZZzzzz ... 
Fuck my life ... My body aches , my throat is killing me and I've got a fever of 101.3 degrees ... I HATE being sick ! 
Still sick and lost ALL my science fair data to a computer crash ... not even sure ill be at school long enough to get all my stuff done anyway ... no school for me tomorrow cause im STILL sick ... 
ugg ... still no school for me on Wed ... goin to the doctors so they can fix me up asap ... 
Not going to school today on docs orders but WILL be at school by 0730 on friday for color guard and school . 
Goin to school tomorrow and have only one question ... Who wants to go to lunch with me ? i have fifth block lunch and my car with three seats for passengers ... Anyone ? < PROPFIRST > ... Navor ...? 
So science fair is officially over ... So how dose everyone think they did ? 
Ugg ... I don't want to go to school tomorrow ... on the up side i finished ordering my class ring today and i can't wait ! 
brawr ... 
Help im freezing here !! If i wanted my thermostat to read 29 degrees i wouldnt live in south texas !! 
Its sooo COLD !! 
Sometimes life doesn't work out . And as the ground of your life cracks due to past mistakes , just keep moving forward because if you go back the holes will swallow you up and keep you trapped and unable to see the light of a perfect future . You say you see your mistake and want it all to be better ... then hold your head high and walk into a new , better day . Just don't look back ; don't give up ; never give in ! 
Sooo glad its the weekend ... going back to the school later so i can watch little one in the fine arts christmas performance and then i have mustang classic tomorrow ... this is shapeing up to be a great weekend ! XD 
Brawr ! I hate the week before christmas break ! Sooooo much homework ! XC 
M . A . R . I . N . E . S = My Ass Rides In Navy Equipment , Sir ! 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! Last day of school before Christmas and i have some awesome stuff going on after school ! Will be sad because Chief Larson is leaving us ... Its hard to see him go ... 
had a great time tonight at the movies . only question is where i go from here ... 
Christmas break is going great so far ! Its good to have my < PROPMALE > back from basic . Cant wait to see how the rest of christmas turns out ... 
parents are hosting a stupid christmas party for their friends at my house today ... i hate this stupid \party \"..." 
Faith is the begining of disappointment . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Unless you don't recognize Christmas ... in which case your a TERRORIST !! Note : American Christmas has no religious significance and is just about supporting capitalism and trading gifts ... 
so christmas is over untill next year ... did everyone get what they wanted ? 
\WAAAAAAGH ! \"" 
ugg at home sick as a dog ... fucking flu ! and i have a job interview on friday on top of that ! FML ! 
Ugg still sick ... got meds to take so hopefully ill be good for my interview on friday ... 
Ugg more math tomorrow and GOT to turn in the last of my missing work from my sick week ... cant wait for Thursday though its gunna be great ! 
Tired so im going to hit the sack early ... Half day tomorrow so cant wait to be able to chill with my little one but tests are sooooo stressful ! 
Ugg ... another week of school starts ... I just want summer to be here already !! 
Uniform Day ! 
Arrived at school at 630 got all my color guard stuff together and am now on a bus to a performance and school hasnt even started yet ... * yawn * 
An open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded . 
Im not interested in killing myself . So Northside can go fuck themselves im stayin home ! 
Hot Chocolate - $2\ 
Ice Scrapper for Car - $17\ 
Playing in the Snow in San < PROPFIRST > - Priceless\ 
Praise be to the God-Emperor , beloved by all , for this gift ! 
Well the weather sucks but school is in ... Oh well at least i got my package from < PROPMALE > mail . 
orientation for work at seaworld was interesting ... itll be nice to finally be earning a wage . 
hmm ... wasn't planning on having to work Sunday but it turns out my weekend is booked full ... oh well at least i get paid . 
Hmm and so another six weeks ends ... only 12 more weeks till senior year ... \ 
F . U . C . K ! 
yawn ... worked both today and yesterday ... i am < PROPFEMALE > tired ... but the money is nice ... 
Wow look at all the Likes i liked ... i was sooo bored ! XD 
If I sleep to much , my parents complain . If I don’t get enough sleep , my parents complain . If I eat too much , my parents complain . If I don’t eat enough , my parents complain . If I’m always in my room , my parents complain . If I go out too much , my parents complain . I CAN’T WIN ! 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I can comment on yours as well .... Be a good sport and play along .... 4 words are harder than you think !!! 
Got my class ring today ! Movies Friday ! Spring break next week ! im as happy as a clam ! 
19hrs . 46min 51sec . till military ball 2011 starts ! 
Military Ball last night was probably one of the best yet . and work today was a piece of cake . bring it on monday ! I ready for u ! 
I did a little research and it turns out its not the \Kingdom of Heaven\ " anymore ... The American servicemen and woman who died decided to spread freedom and democracy to the Afterlife .... Its now call the \ " Republic of Heaven\ " XD \ 
Today my mom told me to clean the kitchen with an electric broom . I will never call it a vacuum cleaner again . 
Today , I decided to get in on the google vs . yahoo debate . I typed , \Am I the only one who\ " and yahoo gave me \ " Am I the only one who feels this way ? \ " Google gave me \ " Am I the only one who's curious about the pineapple ? \ " Google never fails . " 
I was walking down the hallway next to a class of 5th graders being led by a substitute teacher . The teacher yelled at me and told me to get back in line . I am 17 . 
Weekend looks promising . Going to see a hockey game at the at&t center in a luxury box . Then chill sat . With work sun . 
