chilling in Charleston , Finally !!!! 

just living through the days 
just relaxing after a fun time of learning how to ride a motorcycle 
Looking forward to hanging with my mom 
working on being prepared for college 
I get wait to be 18 on Monday !!!!! 
I'm finally 18 !!!! 
going to go play frisbee with friends it's been a while 
just hanging out at home .... being bored 
is hoping for some fun tonight 
Had the most fun i've had in a long time .... with friends :-) 
Is wishing the best for my mom in Kuwait 
is in Alabama enjoying family :) 
Back from Alabama and ready to start working on the house 
is excited for june 15-18 :) 
is excited for July 15-18 :) 
has a lot to do today .... 
Got my AP test scores .... passed english lit , english < PROPFEMALE > , stats , and calc AB .... almost passed calc BC but at least i passed calc AB :) 
getting ready to go play some ulitamate frisbee !! 
Just being bored at home .... 
Has had a very frustrating day and hopes frisbee can relieve some of the stress 
is having a nice and relaxing day 
is super PISSED ...... i lost my phone and can't find it anywhere !!!!!!!!! 
Found my phone ... beaten up but i'm able to call ppl on my old one ....... also working on cleaning my house for company tomorrow 
is hanging with Kaitlin ..... partying at my house 
chillin at home 
I'm preparing myself for college ... getting lessons with my music , getting school supplies , things for the apartment , and talking with my roommates .... I'm excited 
Just hanging out at home on my new computer !!!!!! 
Has one more day left in town before i move in to my apartment at clemson 
Is enjoying band camp .... and surviving through the heat 
Just waiting for school to start , and doing band camp 
Just a few more days till first day of class ... monday 
is enjoying my first day of class 
Hopes i can survive tons of homework 
I have 9 days till i leave for D-Con !!!! 
Only 8 days till d-con 
5 days till Dragon Con !! 
3 days till D-Con 
I'm at dragon con from friday-monday ..... having a blast 
Is back from home , and had an awesome time at d-con .... sooo much fun 
Working on physics homework with friends , then hiking with < PROPMALE > 
Working on english and physics , got a physics test tomorrow :-/ 
Took my physics test , I think I did ok , I'll be working on it later tonight to see how I did .... thanks for wishing me good luck ... mom :p 
Working hard at school can be tiring 
yay it's friday .... finally !!! 
working on homework instead of enjoying my sunday 
grrr ... my car messed up again , but that's my fault for leaving the lights on ..... be quite < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ry :-p 
Trying to study for my first english test tomrrow ..... hope I do well 
working on econ . paper and studying for history test 
Is stressing about Clemson being so tight about who they accept into their architecture program ... there's nothing i can do if i can't do that < PROPMALE > 
Just trying to pass the time , and not be bored 
FML my car is fucking up again ..... shut up < PROPFIRST > 
Update on the car , the only thing wrong with it was the fan being loose and somewhat busted .... so it's not a huge problem , and kinda the mechanics fault ..... so ha in your face Jerry .... my car still lives to tell its tale :-p 
YAY my car is fixed , only cost $20 , so ha ...... it still lives on :) 
Just got's lots to do tonight , read for english , start working on my english project due on tuesday , study for physics , study for music , and physics lab ..... i'm totally not getting sleep tonight 
I'm having an awesome day ... and don't think anything can bring me down :) 
Had an awesome day at < PROPFIRST > Falls with < PROPMALE > , got some amazing pics too :) 
Working on an English project , then going to Jimbo's for dinner :) 
Trying to figure out what to do about my Fall Break situation 
Trying to register for spring semester classes 
Working on my Speculation paper for English , and reading for English . 
Finally is going to go shopping for food 
Had a wonderful night last night , and hopes the rest of the weekend is awesome as well 
Is having an awesome time the this Fort Hatma-Ta sleep over !!!!! 
Just chilling , waiting for band to start , then physics homework , and english homework , and study for history , going to be a busy night 
Has one more class for the day , and is concerned for my mom 
Someone is making me feel bumed out 
Is having a somewhat better day , just have a lot to do for tomorrow ... and is trying to look forward to Fall Break 
yay !!!! finally done with my econ paper .... now for a few hours of sleep and to get the school day over with so i can start fall break !!!!!! 
Finally Home !!!!!!! now time for the fun to begin :) 
Had an awesome time at Scarowinds last night ... no i have homework and band to do today .... on fall break no less :( 
working on my history paper , and studying for my english test 
totally excited for tigerrama tonight ...... yeah ...... can't wait till tomorrow :) 
having a relaxing day ..... totally don't want to go to band 
has had a good day and is looking forward to the informational for Kapa Kapa Psi tonight 
has had a good day and is looking forward to the informational for Kappa Kappa Psi tonight 
I'm done with class and just waiting for band to start ... then grocery shopping !!! 
Finally it's friday :) I'm so excited for the fun i'm going to have this evening , and not having to wake up really early for a football game :) 
Really hates physics right now , and feels depressed 
physics is finished .... and I'm feeling a lot better .... no more depression for me .... thanks to all my friends who helped me feel better :-D 
Today has been a good day ... got tons of things out of the way for school , and i'm look forward to a relaxing evening ... for once :) 
enjoyed dinner with < PROPMALE > Evens , and watching UP with my roommates was fun .... today is a good day :) 
enjoyed dinner with < PROPMALE > Evans , and watching UP with my roommates was fun .... today is a good day 
I'm totally excited for leaving for the NC state game tomorrow !!!! 
I'm leaving for NC state today ...... Tigers are going to kick some ass tomorrow !!!! 
woohoo !!!!! Clemson beat NC state 43-23 and I was seen on tv several times !!!!! 
working on my lovely English research paper ..... :( 
still working on my English paper , but going strong ..... and a win for the frisbee playoff game would be great ! 
i'm totally done with physics .... now working on english homework .... a joyess night it has become .... 
yay ... my English paper got moved to tuesday 24 .... but still going to get it done :) 
totally ready for thanksgiving ... but still got class so i'm off for band :( 
Yay !!! finally finished physics homework .... now to do everything else like 2 papers due monday , a test on monday , test on tuesday , paper due tuesday , and a concert on monday , football game saturday ...... SIGH tons to do this week and next 
working on paper and will be going ot see the 3 am showing of \New Moon \"!!!!" 
Have tons to do this weekend , but I'm going to push it through and make it to Thanksgiving Break !!! 
WE'RE GOING TO TAMPA FOR THE BOWL GAME !!!!! totally don't want to focus on my homework cause of such an exciting day 
I think i'm going to kill myself by all the work i'm having to do that's due tomorrow and tuesday !!!!!!! 
A weight has been lifted from my shoulders !!!!! I turned in my econ paper and test , and wrote my history paper today-5 pages long in an hour and a half ... that's skill right there-and totally aced my history test as well now to look forward to writing a conclusion for my english paper , and studying for an easy physics test tomorrow 
I'm almost done with school work ..... just have to write the conclusion to my English paper and revise it and i'm done until school starts up again 
YAY I'M DONE WITH MY ENGLISH PAPER AND EVERYTHING ELSE I HAD TO DO FOR SCHOOL ..... break here i come !!!!!! 
I'm home in Aiken and enjoying the presence of my family that I haven't seen in forever 
I'm back at Clemson , just trying to find stuff to do .... and totally dont want to go to class tomorrow 
is having sooo much fun on the first day back to school ....... sooo can't wait for later in the week for band banquet and the trip to tampa !!!!! 
watching Gladiator with < PROPMALE > , then bed :) .... its been a good day 
I'm so sick and tired of all this rain !!! I'm just looking forward to getting my english test over with tomorrow and having a GREAT time at the band banquet with < PROPMALE > 
crumbling down below my feet the ground just starts to disappear as the world around me just gets darker and darker . not knowing what to do next as i'm frozen in fear and lonelyness . what should i do in this world . 
Had a good evening at the band banquet , and I'm very excited to leave for Tampa tomorrow !!!! It's going to be awesome !!!! 
made it safely to tampa , just wish it wasn't constantly raining , and the flight was ok , got a sick feeling on the way down to landing , but i'm all good now , we're going to kick ass tomorrow !!! 
home from the tampa trip , enjoyed the weekend evern though we lost , now time to study for exams :( 
Time to study for exams , I hope i do well , then christmas break , I hope I enjoy being at the beach with my family ......... and I hope other things going on in my life work out ok as well 
I just feel like everything's hopeless 
I'm so sick of school right now , i'm done taking exams , but I still have one essay to write for my English class , which is half of my final exam ...... why must I keep having < PROPFEMALE > much stuff to do !!!!! 
tonights the worst night ever !!!!! 
Finally exams are over and i'm excited about Christmas with my family at the beach !!! then Nashville with the band is going to be awesome !!!! 
Guys are wayyyyy to complicated . Lets try the other team ... 
OMG , someone hacked into my facebook to change my status .... and said i was basically going gay .... they are < PROPFEMALE > stupid , i'm not gay .... just trying to have a good christmas break 
So , Christmas break is going good , just relaxing and reading my book ... can't wait to see family in Florida and then kick some ass at the bowl game 
I'm excited ... got a 3.471 for the semester :) 
i'm here in Alabama visiting my family for Christmas :) 
I'm just waiting and hoping that I'll get a responce soon , cause it's killing me to wait and not find one . 
I'm going Christmas shoping with my grandmother , Lindsey .... sooo much fun 
safe and sound at home , now just waiting to go back to Clemson in the next few days to go to the bowl game in Nashville 
I'm back in Clemson , and I leave for Nashville tomorrow .... I hope we kick some ass !!! 
Yay , Clemson won in the Music City Bowl !!!!! 
Fresh start of a new year , hope it's better than last year ... cause last year was rough 
back in Aiken for the week , but counting down the days when i go back to Charleston this weekend :) 
Heading out to Charleston for the weekend with KT to visit < PROPFIRST > :) 
FML !!!!! I totally had an amazing weekend , and then on the way back to Clemson my car broke down 3 hours away from Clemson with no one really close by to get me ..... so my car is in Orangeburg and I got back at a super late hour and I've got class in the morning ... great way to start off a semester 
First day of class was ... ok , can't wait for band tomorrow 
I\m excited for this weekend and seeing < PROPFIRST >!!!!!!" 
Going to enjoy a lovely evening with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Back from Charleston , and it was an amazing weekend , now back to classes and miss < PROPFIRST > all over again 
Concerned for my brother , I hope he's doing ok and will make it through 
Im haveway done with my week , i'm looking forward to going home to see my brother this weekend 
Im half way done with my week , i'm looking forward to going home to see my brother this weekend 
It's friday !!!! i'm going home to see my family and let < PROPFIRST > Strickland meet all of my family , including grandparents 
I head back to Clemson today with < PROPFIRST > Strickland after hanging with my family 
School's back in motion for me , was totally glad i didn't have my technology and society class this morning , cause i was going to miss is anyways :-D 
Going to a KKP meeting tonight , then writing my psychology paper 
looking forward to hanging with < PROPMALE > Hanson and < PROPFIRST > Muse tonight :) 
I'm not looking forward to going to Redfern for a 3rd time , they better fix my problem or i'm going to be soooo pissed , also i hope i do really well on the national test for KKPsi 
I CAN'T WAIT FOR FRIDAY !!!! This weekend is going to be the best weekend , and i'm going to be spending it with my friends :) 
Shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Welch and < PROPFIRST > Strickland , then party at < PROPMALE > Hanson :) 
I'm trying to enjoy my day after an awful night ..... doesn't help when i'm not feeling well , but i'm going to stay strong for the dinner tonight 
Had the best < PROPFIRST>'s day ever !!!!! now back to school :( 
Everything is just compiling on top of me , things are just getting stressful ... I can't wait till spring break , i need a break 
Weekend is almost here , I've got one day of school and then I'll be getting my car .... I'm sooo excited !!! 
YAY !!! I'm done with school for the day . just time waiting between getting my car , seeing < PROPFIRST > Strickland , and studying my butt off for KKPsi 
I have a new car , thanks to < PROPFIRST > Bracewell . Now to just be ready for tomorrow's drive , and studying for KKPsi 
Time to focus , this will be hell week , but I'm determined to succeed !! 
I love feel like a kid again by listening and singing to all the old Disney movie songs , like lion < PROPMALE > , jungle book , aladdin , arsitocrates , and many other Disney classics :-D 
Had an interesting time at retreat . Now to focus on my speech that I have to finish TONIGHT !!! I'm hoping it will be good . 
Yay , didn't have to do speech today , and I've got it all done , so I'm pretty my set now with my stress level being doable 
Just relaxing out this week , which i needed A LOT ! 
Love looking at the memories with my brother , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , .. all the good ones and bad ones , and comparing our different viewpoints lol 
Has had an enjoyable week and I'm excited for the weekend :) 
Weekend was fun , Frisbee , finishing a project for KKPsi , and going home ... packing half my room up and seeing all the memories . Can't wait to do it again next weekend 
Totally won my Frisbee game today , and enjoyed a not so stressful day as well :) 
I'm sooo excited about spring break with < PROPMALE > Hanson , < PROPFIRST > Muse , and < PROPFIRST > Strickland , it's going to be a blast :) 
Been having an interesting spring break with < PROPMALE > Hanson , < PROPFIRST > Muse , and < PROPFIRST > Strickland 
Back in Clemson , had a very relaxing and fun spring break ... now back to the books 
yay .... i'm already having stress put on my shoulders after spring break , so much for relaxation 
The weather outside is beautiful , days like this make me feel good all around and have the same glow as the sun 
sometimes I wonder if the people around me notice when I'm not acting fully like myself , in a down kinda way .... 
Enjoyed my weekend , seeing friends from dragon con , and visiting the puppies i helped deliever as well as visiting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rasar 
Had an awesome day today , went rock climbing with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and had the best time !!! 
today was an ok day ... just really enjoyed the weather 
Enjoyed a beautiful day of tanning by the pool with KT Zanzoun , and observing the stars for astronomy lab 
totally kicked butt on my last KKPsi test , enjoyed skipping school , and look forward to my amazing weekend :) 
Had the best time at 6 Flags today !!!!! I'm a little burned , but that's how I wanted it , now I'll be just a little more < PROPMALE > in a couple of days ... go me :) Hope you feel better babe , I don't like that you're sick and I'm not there to help take care of you , I love you ! 
Is enjoying a good day , nothing has gone wrong yet :) lets hope it keeps going like this 
Today is going to be fun , and I can't wait to receive something in the mail tomorrow that's an awesome surprise for < PROPFIRST > Strickland 
yay I got my surprise for < PROPFIRST > Strickland today , and he'll see it saturday :) and im going to be making paddles with KKPsi tonight :) 
On my way home from charleston yet again .... I hope my car doesn't break down , since KT Zanzoun is with me again .... fingers crossed 
Back to school is never fun , but car is fixed now .... only test i can do is take KT Zanzoun for a ride to charleston again , that's the true test 
Finally going rock climbing tomorrow with KT Zanzoun and Alexsia Kelleas < PROPFEMALE > , it's going to be awesome !!! 
So , i'm doing a period of reflection for a little while , so if i dont respond or talk to you in a couple days or so , that's why ... i'll let you know when i can talk again , until then .... mums the word 
sooo i can talk now ... i am now an official brother of KKPsi :) 
I'm just ready for school to be over ! 
Totally missed both classes this morning and didn't wake up till 3pm .... I hate being a girl sometimes 
so , on my way back home to help with the unloading of the house ..... my dad's new apartment is soooo small :( 
I'm back in Clemson , yay for finals ... not ! let's hope the next 2 weeks go by smoothly 
I'm totally spending the night in KT Zanzoun's dorm :) let't just hope my back can take the floor 
going rock climbing again with KT Zanzoun , < PROPFEMALE > Schwerzel , and Will Clegg :-D 
Contenplating whether I should do this internship at Southwestern or not for the summer .... hmmmmm 
Totally enjoying the relaxation of not having to go to class everyday , and finals arn't too bad this semester , They're all easy 
Well , about to start a good , empty apartment , weekend ... first with < PROPMALE > Hanson and < PROPFIRST > Muse coming over for dinner and movies :) 
Kinda pissed at yahoo and facebook right now . they keep f-ing up with my password where i have to reset my password everytime i want to login 
Yay , I've made it to 4 months now with < PROPFIRST > Strickland . Now to make everything great , make A's on all my exams and finish strong for the semester . 
Yay , finished 2 exams today and doing well . Only one left tomorrow , astronomy , it should be somewhat easy as well , then .... packing yay !!!!! not 
Why is it that when you try so hard and hope the close people around you will do the same , and yet it just never happens ... or it takes forever ........ 
You know , I'm so glad to be moving out of highpoint .... they can just got F*@&# off 
So I'm all packed at the apartment , now what do I do , all my friends are gone , I don't have a car , and there's never anything on tv , plus I'm tired of doing nothing all day .... this sucks , I want to go home now instead of waiting till Saturday 
Yay , my grades are finally in !!! I got 4 A's and 2 B's with a gpa of 3.647 ... combined with last semester of 3 A's and 3 B's and a gpa of 3.471 .... I total my freshman year with 34 credits , not counting AP credits , and a gpa of 3.559 ... I feel great :-D 
yay , I'm in Aiken for the summer , looking for jobs ... and I just finished setting my room up at my dad's apartment .... I have soooo much shit ! 
Room is completely unpacked .... now just hunting for jobs ... there's a very high < PROPMALE > that I won't get one cause I'm only looking for a summer job :-/ what to do ? 
Alright , I have a 50/50 < PROPMALE > of getting another job as an abstractor ... I'm crossing my fingers big time , I really want this job 
Going to enjoy the pool for the summer today :) 
I CAN'T BREATHE !!!!! :( 
Didn't get the title searching job with Will Harper , he just doesn't have enough work , but he said if he needed help with his Edgefield project that he would consider me . :( now to keep looking ... let's see if < PROPFEMALE > in Orangeburg had work I can do 
House looks like people have been living there for a while now , we moved all the boxes and stuff that we weren't using into storage ... yay for getting stuff done 
So , still no job , except babysitting .... so I'm completely free if you need someone to babysit your kids , dogs , cats , or even your house .... just give me a call 
I'm looking forward to going to my uncle < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s < PROPMALE > show this weekend :) 
Yay for practicing volleyball today and some more next week , I missed it so much 
Sigh , it's a friday night and I've got nothing to do :( 
Enjoyed an amazing < PROPMALE > show this evening , thanks to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , just wish people wouldn't talk down to me cause they think I'm young and can't understand things ..... I'm an adult and I act like an adult ! Geez ... 
Just enjoyed another awesome day of volleyball :) 
I really need a massage , I'm so sore from volleyball and I have some pain in my back that wont go away :( 
I'm so excited to play frisbee with my friends tomorrow :) 
enjoyed a relaxing day with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Casalena 
Yay for another day at frisbee ... shame it's going to be a while till the next day , eveyone graduating and then senior week .... fun ...... w/e 
YAY for more rain ... 
off riding my bike to see my cat , that lives almost 2 < PROPMALE > or so away from me now ... yay for dad having the car instead of me 
I'm babysitting tonight at 6 , can't wait to run around like a kid again , lol 
relaxing after a hard day of frisbee 
I wonder what I'll do next ... 
Today was totally awesome !!! one of the best days I've had since I've been home for the summer , let's hope I have many more days like this 
Looking forward to orientation at Clemson on Wednesday ..... not !! it's probably going to be annoying 
got my schedule and ready to start classes 
Had a very relaxing day babysitting for 14 hours and receiving $100 , new school clothes ... here I come 
Yay , I'm off to Clemson to start my awesome Birthday event :) 
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes ! and I'm going to have an awesome time at 6 Flags wtih < PROPFEMALE > Schwerzel and Cayce Wilkinson today !!! :) 
Had an amazing time with Will Clegg , playing pool , riding dirt bikes , and going out to dinner :-D 
Looking forward to going back to Alabama to visit family again :) 
plans for this weekend = tons of babysitting 
Sigh , I wonder if I'm actually going to enjoy the 4th of July this year ..... 
Looking forward to going to the local drive-in to see the Last Airbender :) 
yay .... babysitting yet again , but the Last Airbender is what I'm looking forward to :) 
Leaving for Alabama after signing the papers to sell the house ... it's going to be a long drive 
wish I had some signal in Enterprise , < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
Happy 4th everyone !!! 
Sigh , now what should I do ..... I'm sooo bored 
Enjoying the world cup , and catching up with friends :) 
O YEAH !!!! Spain totally won !!!! Now to win the cup :) 
Another fun filled day of frisbee with my friends .... just wish it wasn't so damn hott 
Plans for a Saturday night = babysitting ...... YAY !!!! 
Watching World cup , then playing frisbee with friends at 6 
I've got a double scheduled day .... Babysitting for 5 hours and taking the dogs to the vet , while i'm still babysitting . 
Another fun filled evening of babysitting .... I really need to party with some friends soon or i'm going to go insane !!!! 
Sigh .... Sunday needs to come sooner so i can < PROPFEMALE > with KT Zanzoun 
counting down the hours till I see KT Zanzoun tomorrow !!!! 
had an amazing time with KT Zanzoun , now i'm ready for school ... if only she was coming too 
School tuition is a pain to deal with 
finally practicing my instrument 
Looking forward to frisbee ... even though it's going to be hott as hell 
Finally got everything set for paying for school 
What a wonderful day for me , i was woken up by enormous thunder that happened 3 times ... then someone banged on my door to tell me my apartment was on fire .... now everything we own has tons of water damage ... so far no fire damage , but still sucks ASS !!!! my life is so awesome right now 
Well , things are going better now . I'm staying at a hotel for the next 3 days ... but I'm going to be looking for a place to stay until I leave for Clemson on the 11 , so anyone willing to let me stay for a day or till I need to leave . just let me know 
just looking forward to clemson now !! 6 days 
Last night in the hotel , for the rest of my time ... totally staying with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wright :) 
having a blast at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wright's house 
One more day in aiken and then I leave for clemson , about time 
moved into clemson and already very tired ... i'm afraid the heat is going to get to me even though i'm going to be drinking lots of water 
sigh , band camp is killing my legs . But i now have a roommate and i'm not living alone anymore 
Just 2 more days until classes start ... I really hope I'm ready 
first day tomorrow .... hoping it's a good one 
School is going fine 
So looking forward to my Aikido class ... it seems to be the best class that I've signed up for this year :) 
So TIRED of all the rain !!! 
Start of a new week and new dreams 
yay for aikido tomorrow :) 
Can't wait to see my mom this weekend !!! and have fun at < PROPFEMALE > Truax Birthday party 
Tomorrow is going to be really interesting 
Had an enjoyable day , a little was < PROPMALE > , but over all .... awesome and well needed :) 
Just 3 more days till I leave for D-CON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
JUST A FEW MORE HOURS UNTIL I LEAVE FOR DRAGON CON !!!!! 
Back from D-con , running on NO sleep , still having school on Labor day .... that's just wrong and weird , and had a pretty cool weekend 
Wow !!! i'm still running on no sleep ... I can tell cause I keep falling asleep in my classes :( not cool 
YAY it's friday , means i can sleep some this weekend 
GAME DAY !!!! time to win !!!! 
Staying up late tonight because I was sick all day , didn't wake up till 5pm so i've got to catch up on the homework that I planned to do during the afternoon . 
Made it through a tough day , going to bed early and getting better 
Just jamming it out to music , best way to end a day 
Hands are super rough now because of rock climbing today , they also hurt a little :( 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH , I already need a break from school , or i wish i could control time so i could get things done , which includes more sleep 
Back from the Auburn v . Clemson game , not happy with the ref . anyways , going to work on my architecture project 
Got a good portion of my architecture project done , all i have to work on is the sculptures .... :-/ 
I F@*$# Hate e-portfolio !!!! It's completely stupid 
Yay , I had an awesome time at Skate night with KKPsi , I felt like a kid again :) now if i can only learn to skate backwards 
Last day to work on Mapping project , I'm so glad I'm finished with it 
Of course , It starts raining on the day I have to turn in my project ...... and I don't have an umbrella , today is going to be very wet 
Looking forward to Lunch today with < PROPMALE > Harsany 
Enjoyed the first informational for KKPsi , can't wait for game night in a few weeks :) 
Sooooo , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Lecture and me are totally going to kick this Music test in the ass .... no more bad grades for me 
Yay for no homework and doing creative halloween crafts with < PROPFEMALE > Howell 
Done with the game , now just focusing for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day party :) 
Enjoyed a lovely night with friends again .... now back to school work and KKPsi stuff .... :-/ 
Finishing up my sketches for my e-portfolio and I have a F@&*ing headache while doing it :( 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Howell to get home so we can go grocery shopping 
TOTALLY HAD AN AWESOME FRISBEE GAME TONIGHT !!!! Won 6-4 and we're going to the play-offs . We're 3-1 , not bad :) 
Not looking forward to finishing this Aikido paper and taking the midterm tomorrow :-/ 
No architecture class tomorrow !!!!! means I can get a couple more hours of sleep :) 
Just got back from the UNC game .... total bummer , only thing that made it do-able was playing next to < PROPMALE > ' Nacho ' Stow and texting < PROPMALE > Dodd 
Totally looking forward to my awesome day tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Had a very enjoyable evening ..... it's been a while , hope there's more to come 
I've had a very long day , more than half of my day was like the worst day i've had since school started ...... But at least by the end of the day i was able to cheer up a little :) 
Wondering around in the dark , just trying to make it through the day , Hoping and wishing that your dream will come true . And all I can do is just wait .................... 
enjoyed the game today !!!! raised almost $1000 for KKPsi doing roaming rag !!!!!! Go tigers !!! 
Had a really really enjoyable dinner , now I have to finish my BioSC paper :( 
So we lost the first playoff game for frisbee 9-7 , but I think it's because there were no subs for this game .... so it was rough , but we didn't do that badly ..... can't wait for the spring season . GO \And then it hit me \"!!!!" 
Just sketching for my architecture class tomorrow 
Waiting for questions unanswered to be answered !!!!!!! 
Totally Loves \Hug a Band Geek Day \"!!!!" 
I have a very busy night tonight . Eating dinner with < PROPMALE > ' Nacho ' Stow , then watch Clemson's soccer game , then watch < PROPMALE > Dodd's rugby game , then Walmart , the guitar lessons , then\ 
bed . To get sleep for the football game !!! 
Hells yeah !!! Clemson beat < PROPFEMALE > Tech !!!! now to celebrate !!! 
Going to Redfern tomorrow ..... stomach isn't acting the way it should ...... hope it's nothing serious 
So yeah .... Redfern doesn't know what the Fuck they're doing ..... freakin stabbing me with a needle trying to find my vein to take blood from and they don't get any , so they have to prick my finger and try to take enough blood from there to do a test ..... and I'm healthy all around , except for the pain in my stomach that can't be explained ..... awesome !!!!! totally going to my doctor in Aiken to figure it out 
\Happiness Unknown\ " \ 
OMG !!!!! I was sooooo close to going to the Boston game this weekend :( me and keeping responsibilities got the best of me .... I'm too much of a good person sometimes . 
Had a very enjoyable night last night .... but it would have been better if someone special was there 
Happy Halloween !!!! 
There's a new Native American shop in the Aiken Mall !!!!! totally got awesome earrings there :) 
Have to go back to Clemson for school on Wednesday :( 
HMMM , looking forward to rock climbing tonight , then excited for Tomorrow !! 
Khris got Earth . You\ 
are sturdy . you can take what the world dishes out and still have a \ 
smile on your face . You are tranquil and calm for the most part , but can\ 
be fierce when called to action . People tend to be calm around you , and\ 
trust you easely . You are a good friend and your beli ... efes are set like the deeply rooted trees of the < PROPMALE > . 
Had an amazing night , couldn't have asked for it to be more perfect :) 
Busy weekend .... model , drawings , chapter with birthday celebration , biosc paper ..... sigh .......... But at least Clemson won !!!!!!!!!! 
Sooooo apparently I'm stressing too much about a lot of stuff cause my stomach is killing me again , and I've taken my meds to help with it .... this sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sad thing is I know what my stress is and how to get rid of some of it ..... but there are a few things that just wont get off my mind ..... and I can't act upon them ... yet 
It's going to be a lonnnnnnnnnggggg week . Crossing fingers on hoping that my stomach doesn't kill me 
Everything just keeps intensifying around and on me ..... Getting to the point to where I don't know what to do 
I'm soooo sore !!!!! Wrestling and Rock climbing has taken it's tole on me for the day . Can't wait for a massage !!!! :) 
My day started out so good . Like I couldn't stop smiling , so I was optimistic about the rest of my day ...... I should have known , what comes up must come down . BIG FML 
OMG !!!!!!! someone is getting arrested outside my apartment right now , and a cop is being taken away in the ambulance ..... SCARY stuff since he was right outside my door arguing with the cop 
On my way to florida for the FSU game , we better win ! 
Totally had an awesome lunch with my brothers in Gamma < PROPFEMALE > 
Be a long weekend in Florida , and I still have a lot of work to do tonight , finish drawings , finish model , take a bioscience test , go to chapter ..... I'm not going to get sleep tonight :( 
Back in Aiken visiting a sick family member , please keep us in your hearts and pray for us . 
Back in Clemson , still keeping my thoughts in Aiken .... it's going to be hard to fully focus on school now . 
Going back home this weekend for the funeral , I hope I can focus on my studies until then 
Going to attempt to give blood today before Aikido :) We'll see how that goes 
Done with school for the week and next week .... going home and not coming back till the friday before the USC game 
Speech is good to go for Monday , Now to just work on my project 
Starting to get nervous for tomorrow , and would love to have a drink right about now 
Yay , it's so close to thanksgiving !!! I can't wait for turkey 
Just been working on my project during the Break :-/ 
Heading back to Clemson sometime today , I'm going to be so bored when I get back . 
Back in Clemson , almost ready for the gamecock beat down tomorrow !!! 
may have lost to < PROPFEMALE > , but Idc , I'm just enjoying my might with friends and other things ..... we'll see how the rest of the night goes with exams in a week 
My TV just shorted !!!! so now I'm without a TV for the rest of the semester ..... right at the time that I was going to use it the most 
And the 2 weeks of Hell begins !!! 
I know who the Face of Boh is !!!!!! 
Writing a Paper , and then preparing for my Aikido final that's tomorrow 
BioSC paper was moved to be due on monday and not friday ..... such a relief !!!! 
Finishing e-portfolio for architecture tonight and then ..... maybe go ice skating 
FUCK YES !!!! done with my e-portfolio for architecture !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Howell woke me up super early this morning ... grrrr .... she pulled me out of bed and made me freezing cold !!!! now we're cleaning and making the apartment all Christmas-y 
There is nothing either good or bad , but thinking makes it so . \ 
- \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > SHAKESPEARE , \Hamlet \"" 
Studying for French exam and then working on biosc paper , trying to get it done by tomorrow at midnight 
Finally going to finish my biosc paper .... have no choice , it's due at midnight , and studying for my biosc test that is tomorrow at 8 am :-/ 
Finished with paper , now to study and wake up for the 8am exam :-/ 
Last exam tomorrow at 3pm !!!! then leave for aiken around either friday night or saturday ... we'll see what happens 
DONE WITH EXAMS !!!!!! now having to deal with friends leaving for forever cause they're graduating :( 
Today is so far the best day this week .... I feel the luckiest person right now !!!! I hope my luck will last all throughout the day and make me the happiest person I can be today ! :) 
Back in aiken ..... going to miss everyone over break 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Casalena today 
TOTALLY got a keyboard for christmas from my dad !!!! 
SOOO not fair , It's snowing in clemson , as soon as I leave it .... just my luck 
And the boredom of break begins ..... with nothing to do :( \ 
If you're in Aiken and want to < PROPFEMALE > , please text me 
yay for having to go to the doctor tomorrow ... :-/ 
I'm looking forward to driving to Alabama on friday and visiting family for 10 days 
On my way to Alabama for 10 days , it's going to be a blast to see family :) but the ride there ... i'm going to be stuck with my thoughts that wont go away , they're even in my dreams .... what to do what to do , and what do they mean ..... 
Enjoying lovely times at the beach with family 
Never leave you facebook open . Love ya Khris . 
back home for only a couple of days , then I got to go back to Clemson to leave for the bowl game 
Heading back to Clemson , going bowling with < PROPMALE > ' Nacho ' Stow , then leaving for the bowl game in North < PROPFEMALE > 
back in Aiken again , until I have to go back to school , text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > 
ok , so I'm starting to get really tired of people thinking I'm either 12 , 13 , or 15 ..... so far 5 times this Christmas break I've been mistaken for these ages ... it's not cool being in college and about to be 20 and people thinking you're 12 ...... STOP IT !!!! 
I've had one of the worst lies happen to me just now , and it's really trying on my heart .... i dont understand why this always happens to me 
Had a very interesting night last night .... dealt with some of the most intense pain of my life ..... 
taking new steps in the new year 
I'm not making it to Clemson tonight because the roads are all icy :( sigh .... i kinda want school to be delayed now 
Classes are canceled tomorrow ..... HELL YES !!! 
Finally in Clemson and enjoying not starting school today , and only having one class tomorrow cause my other 2 were canceled !! 
glad to be back at school 
i am totally beat from playing just dance for 4 hours 
chillin at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Croop ' s 
yay , homework that I don't want to do :-/ 
TGIF !!!!! looking forward to the weekend 
Start of a new week , lets hope it's not too stressful , I'm just too tired for it 
awesome , i tore up my hands from climbing .... drawing for architecture is going to be difficult 
WORST DAY FOR THE SEMESTER .... car got towed !!! 
so I'm back from Alabama doing a climbing comp , I got 2nd in the beginners division , & 3rd for the ccs for women , & a bunch of cool free stuff !!! then when i get back , i get pulled over by a cop because I didn't use a turn signal when I changed lanes ( he said I jerked when I changed lanes ) probably thought i was coming from some random party ; only got a warning , but if i got a ticket there would have been hell to pay 
Time to do ARCH homework and study for my first French test that's tomorrow :-/ that I'm probably going to do bad on .... I hate learning languages 
studying for < PROPMALE > history :-/ 
sigh , i hate having to be the bearer of bad news to friends .... 
Got bored , so I put up some of my poetry on my notes < PROPFEMALE > , check it out and enjoy 
Khris is the most beautiful girl i have ever seen . she is amazing and i am realy really really really lucky to be with her :) 
I enjoyed last night , best party this semester ! 
busy busy busy .... i need a break soon !!! 
Enjoyed climbing with some candidates for their interviews , now to finish architecture hw 
Yay , my 4th day of climbing in a row , then I get friday off , and then Climbing Comp in Spartanburg !!! and my mom's birthday 
chillin with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Croop aka croop-a-lop 
Just chillin with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for the day , while doing all my architecture homework 
actually got to take a 3 hour nap today ! 
SOOO , I'm so cool , my kayaking class finally went out in the water today , and I fell trying to get in my boat , and the 2 < PROPFEMALE > later I rolled in my kayak and got soaked from head to toe .... in freezing water .... GO ME !!! 
Fresh start to a new week 
So ready to turn in my final projects tomorrow for architecture , and have a architecture-free weekend :) 
I want this week to be over so I can get started on the weekend with a wedding and clemson's rock climbing competition 
Worked everything out with future roommates :) excited for next year . 
Finishing final architect project so I can leave for a wedding tomorrow that's in Columbia 
I wish I had the same spring break as < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . But no , Clemson has to have a super late spring break :-/ 
Symphonic band concert tonight then ice cream with < PROPFIRST > Hodge :) 
I want spring break to be here sooner and last longer than a week 
off to < PROPMALE > head for a few days :) 
Back in town , just have to get my tattoo finished with my tattoo tomorrow then back to school 
back at school :-/ just one more month and it's SUMMER !!!!!! 
I found two 5-leaf clovers today and two 4-leaf clovers .... am I lucky or what ? who's ever even heard of a 5-leaf clover ? 
I'm excited about building my models for my french facade 
These lasts few weeks are going to be tough .... I hope I don't explode from frustration and stress 
Just made it through 2 concerts , Concert band and Symphonic band .... I didn't pass out during Symphony no . 4 yay !!! 
For those who didn't already know , after basically 3 years of waiting ... I'm finally in the architecture < PROPMALE > at Clemson :) 
Finally done with my final model for architecture for his semester !!!!! now only to practice speech , do drawings , and write a critique :) 
ME : Why are you up so early ? ( 3:30 am)\ 
< PROPFIRST > Adcock : I could ask you the same thing ... \ 
ME : I'm an architect < PROPMALE > , there's no need to ask , it's implied . 
I'm DONE !!! I've turned in my final model and drawings , performed my speech and turned in my outlines and critique ..... I'm done with hw . Just have to take 2 exams to finish it off 
Done with my portfolio .... now just to print it :) 
Whot !!! I'm done with finals and all my projects for this semester !!!!! now to pack and get ready to go home ..... for a month lol 
F ! My life ! Car basically blew up ! And caught on fire . What did I do to deserve this !? 
First day at camp went pretty good , can't wait for it to get warmer 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes .... today has been the best birthday by far !!!! 
survived the first day of camp .... hope all the rest are this easy LOL 
Been at camp for 3 weeks and 2 days , and been with my girls for just over a week , supper stressful , feels like I've been here for forever . But I'm working through my days , just being tired the whole time . Looking forward to 6 Flags with my bunk on Wed . though :) 
It's starting to get really difficult here at camp , lots of good friends keep leaving . This is not cool . 
Just trying to relax for once at camp 
Days are flying by up here . I look forward to the evenings and the end of camp . 
Less than a week left of camp !!! so excited . But I am going to miss all my new friends I made at camp :( 
BACK AT CLEMSON !!!!!!! I've missed you soooo much !!!! 
First day of school and I'm already working on a project for arch ... and I don't fully understand the project :-/ thankfully it's not graded 
A few more hours and I leave for Atlanta for Dragon Con , and then the fun begins !!!! 
OMG !!! Dragon Con was awesome this year , wish I could have stayed the whole time . I'm still getting over only having 8 hours of sleep for the whole weekend , and eating like no food . But it was worth it !!!!! I miss everyone already . 
Had an awesome day today rock climbing with < PROPMALE > Flathmann ! now ..... studio to work on a project due tomorrow 
