Its the weekend ! 

Some people don't tip delivery drivers . These people are A ) stupid B ) rude C ) poor D ) both A and B . I'll give you a clue : poor people tip the best . 
I found the Holy Grail . Or Vanilla Coke Zero , which is actually a bit better . 
hardcore studying : commenced . 
studied < PROPMALE > for 2 hours before i was completely distracted . 
Asian Philosophy is so boring to study ... 
< PROPMALE > final wasn't bad . Asian Philosophy is left . 
doctor appt . today , then writing my soc paper til midnight ! wooo .... 
Writing my soc paper . 6 1/2 hours remain to turn it in . 5 < PROPFEMALE > minimum . Ready , go . 
somehow destroyed my work pants ... going to get a new pair now ... 
:D 
B- , B , A , A , A . All in all , not too shabby . 
Playing games all day :D 
BBL . Road tripping . 
12 hours at the pizza slut tomorrow ... 
Shot down by his #1 pick . 
11:11 make a wish ! 
12:34 ... :) 
And now , the wait . 
9am and 11am canceled due to ice . 10am and 1pm still going on . 
No class til 3:30 ... sleeping in and getting stuff done ! 
off to DSM with the girlfriend :) 
homework time ... 
9 , 10 , 11 , 1 . 
has an interview today !! 
has his first French Capstone class today ... and has NO idea what he's going to do . 
leaving Friday after class for Wartburg :D 
Cooking party today :D Lots of homework too 
my lungs are on fire . I can't breathe . I can't see straight . Is this how its going to end ? 
Update : I'm alive . 
6 months :D 
missing a certain someone ... 
is infected ... and likes it . 
Stupid classes keep interfering with my college . Leave me alone ! 
received bad news in the mail . 
needs a break 
Facebook tells me that no one is online . I don't believe it ... it just ... it can't be true ! 
I hate you , < PROPFIRST > Weismantel . 
is off to see the most amazing and gorgeous lady in the world . :) 
I'm gonna need more Diet Coke to even look at all this homework ... 
88 days til graduation . 
doesn't feel so well 
is feeling better . 
Firefox upgrade = amazing . Persona's are so awesome looking ! 
Finished my WWII in the Pacific book :D 
doing homework all day . 
Attention is the last of the great greek gods still to be worshipped today . He is a jealous god , demanding that much be paid in tribute to his unholy powers . Woe be to those who try to skimp on tributing , for the penalties are quite horrible and damning . 
could use a nice break from stuff so that he can finish what he has to do , w/o adding more on . 
is going to have a mental breakdown soon . 5 hours of studying cognitive psychology , here I come . 
I'm alive , and so far no breakdowns . On the to-do list : Study for Spanish , write a book report , read my cog psych text , attend a meeting , write a detailed plan and bibliography ( in french ! ) for a 8-10 < PROPFEMALE > research paper on French resistance under the Vichy/Nazi regime . 
making good progress . 
hey . this is < PROPFIRST > . i really suck at life . fml . 
excited for the weekend ! 
boo homework . 
needs spring break to hurry its butt up ! 
Should Central go trayless ? Yes . Should Central go Coke-less ? I think NOT . DEMAND MORE COCA COLA MACHINES ON CAMPUS NOW !!! Unite against the tyranny , oppression , and utter bullsh ! t ! 
OMG . STOP POSTING THINGS ON MY WALL YOU FREAKS . 
almost half way done w/my article critique ! Woo ! 
Give me the beat boys and free my soul , I wanna get lost in your rock and roll , and drift away ... 
lost power for an hour-ish . 
French capstone ... Central's last , best < PROPMALE > to kill me . 
I dreamed I was missing , you were so scared .... but no one would listen , cause no one else cared ... 
finally beat assassin's creed 2 . Rating : 9.5 / 10 . 
I feel like death has come for me again . I figured it was just more of the French Capstone , but then I saw its name , and it was Student Loans . Crap . 
off to Waverly and the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Schmitt ! 
is in Ankeny for a while . Unfortunately , he's writing his French capstone the whole time . 
stupid-french-capstone-ruining-my-life-i-want-you-finished ! Gah ! Rawr ! Etc ! 
Not having a good Wednesday . Everything seems to just kind of suck today . 
Grad school apparently wasn't meant to be . Starting the job search soon ... 
filed his first tax return . sweet . 
The game . Ha ! 
Halfway on < PROPFEMALE > 3 . Thats half a < PROPFEMALE > in the last 3 hours . Sweet , only another 5 or 6 < PROPFEMALE > s to go ... 15 or 18 hours of work more ? Ish ? 
prison à perpétuité ... way cooler than life in prison . 
< PROPFEMALE > 4 ? i think so . 
wishes his 8-10 < PROPFEMALE > paper was only 4 . and didnt require any conclusion . 
If this paper were a famous person in history , it would be Genghis Khan , scourge of humanity . Its sole purpose in life would be to dominate the human race , or possibly to rape , pillage and slaughter countless millions . That is the nature of the beast I face . 
5 pages . 3-5 more . 
Managed 3 hours outside in a row - 2 classes agreed to meet outside ! 
is having a moderately more successful evening than morning/afternoon . 
Studying for Cognitive Psychology made me realize how attractive that glass of Cult Koolaide can be . 
is having a minor mental meltdown . 
Busy day , Wednesday ... Hope I can survive it . 
Managed to survive thus far ... on to French Club meeting , movie ... then revising French Capstone for 12 hoursish . 
Revising French Capstone . 
is a total idiot . 
Finally dropped out of French Capstone . What a waste ... 
May have fooled a few people , but is sure that he could never fool you , dear reader . 
happy 8 month ! 
finished Exit Counseling . 
Hates Wednesdays . 
thinks that his primate cognition class probably hates him 
is on < PROPFEMALE > 8 ! Finishing touches , then its off to the prof ! Also , I've never done this much homework on a Friday . 
finally . It is done . 
is definitely still in pain from his limbo-ing skills , or more precisely , lack there-of . 
Definitely went to bed at a quarter to 10 last night . Awesome . 
Interview in DSM today , hope it goes well ! 
Interview went well ! 
Is it too late to re-reconsider my decision to be a French < PROPMALE > ? 
Not really sure how to go about this paper ... or that paper ... or that one over there ... or that one over there ... geez . 
way too much data coding going on right now . 
Has not enough hours in the day to finish everything . 
No idea what else to include in that paper - so its done . * Pats self on back * 
Wednesday through Friday : Chicago . 
