Yet if Hope has flown away In a night or in a day . In a vision or in none . Is it therefore the less gone ? All that we see or seem Is but a dream within a dream . 

I can't sleep . ): Dumb heat . At least I get to have fun in Seattle tomorrow 
I feel so out of everything now . This is the final straw . I'm done with it . Family doesn't do this to other family . 
Dance cheered me up a little tonight . Still kinda depressed but nothing that can't be fixed with sleep ... 
So today changed how I feel about myself (: I gained so much more confidence in myself and my passion for dance . I will always remember the words < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > said to me ... <3 
Cast list for Nutcracker tomorrow !! Excited :D 
I'm so excited for Nutcracker ! I got my first senior lead !!! (: 
Dying my hair :) Then going to the youth group BBQ ! 
I cannot believe our teachers are on strike ): This is really going to screw up everything I was looking forward to ... 
Seriously ... Why does everyone come to me with their drama ... I mean I LOVE helping but sometimes I need help too . 
Wow hiking really tired me out today :P Had an awesome time . NICKLEBACK CONCERT TOMORROW !!!! So excited :D 
Going to take a shower (: Youth Group tonight <3 Maybe some writing when I get home ? 
Going to FULL FORCE FRIDAY to support our teachers . They are willing to put it all on the line to make our education better !! Join us at the KSD building from 11a-1p Friday . ( tomorrow ) 
Tomorrow's Agenda : 1 ) Strike with the teachers . 2 ) KL football game Wanna join the strike ? Go to the KSD building between 11a-1p If you are going to the game let me know ! (: 
I am starting to believe that I am nocturnal . Hoo hoo ... 
So today was epic . Dance with < PROPFIRST > and Brooklyn owns haha . 
Listening to some Alanis Morrisette (: 
I am SCANDALOSO !! ;D 
I can't sleep again ... Anyone wanna do anything tomorrow ? 
LUAU ! If you're looking for a hunk of fat and juicy meat . Eat my < PROPMALE > Pumbaa here cause he is a treat . Dine on some swineeeeeeeee . All you gotta do is stand in line . Are you aching ? For some bacon ? He's a big pig . You can be a big pig too . OI !!!!! :D 
Dance studio .. Working the desk until about 4:00 . Bring me food ? :D 
Turns 16 on Monday !!! WOOT WOOT ! Text me ? I am bored at home eating Panda Express :D 
At the studio for an EBT sleepover ... I have a headache though . Bummer :/ 
At the studio still . Sooooooooo tired and sore from sleeping on the floor but I got a really good M.A.S.H result XD 
Pretty much had an amazing birthday (: Thanks for all of the \Happy Birthdays\ " I couldn't ask for better friends and family . " 
I'm ready for homecoming ! (: So excited . Sorry EBT girls but ... WE BEAT TAHOMA ! Mwahahahahaha ! 
So stressed out . 3 projects happening at the same time , time crunches , not well-rested , UGH ! 
Grandma < PROPFEMALE > finally passed . She is no longer in pain and in God's hands . R.I.P. Thanks to those who are supporting me through this . 
Getting ready for today .. It is going to be long and exhausting but it needs to be done for the sake of our family . 
Can't stop listening to Gravity by < PROPFEMALE > Bareilles ... I think I want to choreograph a dance to it . I don't know . 
Coming back home today . And back to life tomorrow ... I think things will start to go uphill from here . 
Flu ? I'm thinking so ... Thank god there is no school tomorrow . I feel so exhausted and yucky ): 
Babysitting Caitrin and Coco . It is a good night (: It is weird how little kids can cheer me up so easily . 
Set me free , leave me be . I don't want to fall another moment into your gravity . Here I am and I stand so tall , just the way I'm supposed to be . 
It's been kinda rough today . Got my < PROPMALE > hug and got paid for work but thoughts and dreams just keep coming back ... 
So much family drama going on ... I mean COME ON it is only the day after Thanksgiving . It is ridiculous . I just want my family to be happy together . Please pray . 
Huskies are eating couger meat tonight WHOOP WHOOP ! 3 0-0 !!!!!! 
It has only been two months since my family's loss and now another's life is in the doctor's hands tonight ... Please pray for my grandmother . She is very sick and I saw my grandpa cry for the first time in years ... Pray she will get through the night so that the doctor's can help her live . Please ... 
Wow , I really need this break . COME ON I'M READY ! < PROPFEMALE>'s party tomorrow night . Excited to be with my friend (: 
Spending the night at my brother's house then babysitting the munchkins in the morning while < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > drive < PROPMALE > to the airport . 
Me- look he's sparkling(sarcasm)\ 
mom- * squeals jumping up and down*\ 
me- O.O \ 
\ 
lmao , yeah we're watching eclipse on new year's , damn straight . (: 
So when I turn 21 Mom is gonna buy me a bottle of Bitch wine for my birthday . I'm so ready for this :P 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Eating Ruffles with cookies'n'cream ice cream xD 
Sooo sick ): Can people in my classes message me or something so I can get the homework for today ? Thank you . 
Listening to Eminem just because I am that cool :D 
Would anyone give me a ride to the basketball game tonight ? I'm playing in the band ! Let me know ASAP ! 
At the Cooney's house babysitting Caitrin and Coco (: 
http://www.formspring.me/AngelFace93 :D At the Dance studio . Wanna chill afterwards ? 
Still home sick . This really sucks :/ 
That sounds weird . I mean I am at home being sick . That really really sucks :/ 
At dance ... Still don't feel that well but I will have to live . Gonna walk down to QFC and get lunch ... 
Haha so < PROPFEMALE > made me a soundtrack to our lives ... It is 58 songs xD 3 CDS OF GOODTIMES THE PAST 3 YEARS . Iloveyou < PROPFEMALE > aaaaaaaaa <3 
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be and you're only as small as the world will make you seem . But when the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall . Just look on the brightside you're roughly six feet tall . 
Excited for dress shopping with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ( hopefully going ) < PROPFIRST > is gonna have a cow when he sees me all dressed up xD 
MSN anyone ? Pretty pwease (: 
< PROPFEMALE > IN WONDERLAND TOMORROW !!! Come see Ensemble Ballet Theatre and I perform at the IKEA Performing Arts Center at Renton Highschool , tomorrow and sunday . Want more info ? Message me for details ! :) 
Haha can't wait to see the look on my mom's face tomorrow . Yay for Mother's Day :D 
Puh , Iunno . Kinda upset about how things are going right now . But ya gotta make the best of it ... right ? 
At Hilduh's and about to go to safeway for some goodiessssssss ! Yumyum in the Tumtum ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > ... one more day of finals then a half day to just goof around and celebrate the end of the school year ! CLASS OF ' 12 ! :D 
* sigh * Today was just one of those days where I just really want my grandma to be home . I miss her so much .. Went to visit her today before stealing my grandpa to take him out to a father's day dinner . 
< PROPFIRST>'s birthday party soon , then dancing the night away in ballet class :) 
Getting organized for recital and Dad's house . Busy weekend to come but I get to see my grandpa dance ! :D Come to Dance Expressions Recitals this weekend at Auburn High School ! Message me for details ! IT IS FREE ! 
Sooo , sorting out clothes for my trip to Dad's house . Recitals were tiring this year but I enjoyed them . I leave on Wednesday and won't be back till August :) 
Watched the new episode of True Blood . Really getting annoyed with the cliffhangers though D: Excited for tomorrow !!!!!!!!! 
Last day in Washington before I leave for Dad's goona spend my last night on the town with some most excellent people . Italian food and Eclipse ... Shocking , another teenage girl likes Twilight :P 
Hanging out with sissy today . Family coming over tonight for dinner . Excited to see everyone ! 
i know you like preteen girls so i'm gonna offer you some advice ... dump a bucket of glitter on yourself and walk into the sunlight . they will come running . 
Just got back from spending the day with my sister . Got some cute dresses , got some new nose studs , and tried octopus ... Gotta say today was pretty exciting (: 
Formspring questions please ? http://www.formspring.me/AngelFace93 
Burnt myself with a punk on accident last night . ): Other than that I was really happy to see my family ... I really needed to spend time with them after this rough year . 
So two questions ... why am I covered in muffins and are there pictures of this . haha I love TFLN xD 
Grrrrrrr , can't sleep .... ): 
Today was uneventful ... yay summer ? 
Alanis Morrissette <3 
the black eye was caused by a 12 year old girl in a vampire costume who punched you in the face after you aggresively screamed \TEAM JACOB ! \ " in her face & howled at the moon ... \ 
Dear Columbia , \ 
You really need to get rid of the storm and rain for good . It has been 3 days and I have been patient . So please if you don't mind GO AWAY . \ 
Spending the day with the sister (: 
I defeated you stupid lightbulb ! HA . HA . HA . \ 
I love my sister <3 XD 
He drinks < PROPFEMALE > and she talks dirty in spanish-Crystal Swing 
Today was busyyyyyyyyyyy with stuff ! Got to spend more time with my sister which is always fun . And got to see my nieces and nephew as well . They are spending the night with us tonight (: 
Gonna go swimming with the kids for a little bit then chill out before I go babysit Kaleb . My back is really starting to hurt again ): 
Babysitting Kaleb ... yay ? 
like this status and I will post on your wall : something I like about you , a confession and my first impression of you . :) 
Bahahaha I love Scary Movie xD 
Family coming over to have cake and ice cream for < PROPFEMALE>'s soon birthday (: Then my sister-in-law is stealing me to go watch True Blood !!! Good day in my opinion . 
Spending the night at my brother's house then spending the day with some family for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . I can't believe she is gonna be four tomorrow ! 
Yesterday was awesome . Got to go to the Lake of the Ozarks for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . It was cool to see that it was still the same after 7 years . Superrrrrr tired though :P 
Watchingth real L word with Breezie and < PROPFEMALE > . Went swimming earlier and now making pizza ! Yummmmm . 
God I just want to dance ! I miss the care free feeling so much ... I think I may choreograph a dance while I'm here . Pink's \Sober\ " maybe ? " 
Not feeling good ... I have no idea why . Might be going to some festival thing later , I forgot what it was for haha . 
Got a haircut today ! Nothing too drastic but it looks SO much better . < PROPMALE > Davidson bike show tomorrow and Kingston's burthday party . A busy day is what it is sounding like to me . 
Saw some awesome < PROPMALE > Davidson's at the bike show today (: My favorite : The one with tweety bird decals on it haha ! That's one badass bike . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s later with < PROPFEMALE > for TRUE BLOOD ! (: But for now , just chillen . 
Glycerine - Bush . Most favorite sing on the planet <3 
Can't sleep even though I probably should >.> Way to go < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Going to grandma's grave tomorrow . It will be the first time I have been there since the funeral . Please pray for me as well as my family to come together and rejoice the life of a wonderful woman . R.I.P Gramma < PROPFEMALE > . You are missed . 
True Blood tonight ! Yay for Sundays (: Painted my nieces nails last night . < PROPFEMALE > was so happy . I put little flower stickers on her nails and she thought it was the coolest thing ever . Me = Greatest Aunt ever ? I think so :D 
\Look closely at the present you are constructing ; it should look like the future you are dreaming . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Feels like C-R-A-P ! Sore and sick to my stomach . This is not good ): 
I'm so disappointed in myself . I'm embarassed and ashamed . And I don't want to just completely give up . I want to own up to my choices and prove I can do better . But for now I'm preparing for an emotional downward spiral . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Yesterday was amazing . Just chillen with my sister and playing Mortal Kombat , Crash Bandicoot , and Guitar Hero was a really awesome time . I love you Sis (: 
Okay we played SOUL CALIBER , Crash Bandicoot , and Guitar Hero . NOT Mortal Kombat . Lol , my bad >.< 
Leave a one-word comment using the THIRD letter of YOUR name that describes me . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you ! 
True Blood tonight (: 
We can dance if you want to , we can leave your friends behind . ' Cause your friends don't dance and since they don't then they're no friends of mine . (: 
Hanging out with sissy today (: Gonna go swimming , ATTEMPT to beat Mortal Kombat for the billionth time , and watch some t.v. 
Finishing up making pear butter with my sister . It is freakin ' delicious ! Maybe spending the night at her house ? Really haven't decided yet . Spending the day with her tomorrow to see Step Up 3D ! And going to Devil's Icebox (: 
Mmmmm , this pear butter turned out awesomeeeee ! (: 
Had an awesome time at Six Flags yesterday ! True Blood (: 
Coming home tomorrow ! I love you Missouri Family and I'm really going to miss you all <3 
I'M HOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s (: Good times , good times . 
Going to the lake ! (: 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s for the day and going to the lake (: 
Had an awesome day at the lake with a bunch of friends (: 
I'm hoping my weekend makes up for Wednesday ... I still feel so kjsbgkjbwr . I know I shouldn't beat myself up for it but what am I supposed to do ? I'm so upset . 
So , my mom does not know the thong song by sisqo ... Problem ? I think so . 
1st period - English : Burns-Peterson\ 
2nd period - Symphonic Band : Stowell\ 
3rd period - Oceanography : Buechler\ 
4th period - French 3/4 : Whitlock\ 
5th period - UW U.S history since 1940 : Gaul\ 
6th period - Dance technique & performance : Boyd\ 
Does anyone have any classes with me ? 
Going to see Vampires Suck tomorrow with my grandpa :D He is awesome . 
Urgh , so does anyone have 3rd lunch ? -.- 
Having a hot cup of green tea and then probably going to bed (: 
HAND JIVE :D Someone wanna text me ? 
Ugh , I feel so cruddy ): Had a good day but just felt sick the whole time . Oh well . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ? 
Grandma's funeral is today ... I don't get to go cause none of us have the money to fly me to Missouri again so soon . Today is gonna be terrible ): 
Sooo ...... < PROPFEMALE > just hit her head really hard on the wall on accident . I can't stop laughing xD 
< PROPMALE > ! if you are online then send me a message you gave me the wrong number D: 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > today ! :D More pics from our adventure are to come . 
She pretty much was :D 
Grrrrrrrrrr , facebook is being retarded to me D: 
There's nothing better than eating triscuits and drinking hot chocolate when you don't feel good >.< 
Reality just struck ... I'm never gonna see her again . It is final . Done . Over . I hate being home alone . All I have done is think about my loss and I just can't seem to move on from it . I need a hug . 
Sooooooo , Dyed < PROPFEMALE>'s hair and had kind of a failed spa day with her >.< It was still pretty fun though :D 
Anyone who has Gaul for UW U.S History , Do you know if that 50 states map is due by tomorrow or are we working on it in class ?! 
Geography is the root of all evil ... now I gotta suck it up and go finish it . 
I feel like a housewife right about now . Went on a cleaning frenzy in the kitchen , the computer desk , and now about to in the bathroom . I'm doing this all willingly D: 
School tomorrowwwwwwww . Hopefully this week will be just as good as last week :D 
Has/Is anyone taking at least second year French ? I'm a little lost on two clues for a crossword puzzle and need help . PLEASE HELP ! ): 
Going to visit Grandma today , then homework . In a seriously crappy mood right now . I just want to go back to bed and sleep the whole day . Maybe seeing Grandma will make me feel better . 
Yay I got into the jazz class !!!! Dance again tonight (: Feels so good to be dancing once again . 
ROCK THE CASBAH , ROCK THE CASBAH ! With Hildaaaaa !!!! <3 
Eww , essay for Gaul . It is super easy but homework is just never exciting ... Oh , homework how I despise you . 
Today ... sucked to say it nicely . I mean , some fun stuff happened . But yeah , it mostly sucked hardcore . Yay for high school ? 
I have decided that it is now nap time ! Going to movie later ? Iunnoooo . Text me if you wanna or message me :P 
Rockin ' out to some guns ' n ' roses waiting for my ride to EBT . Going to Hilly Dilly's tonight ! :D so exciteddddddddd ! 
Plans for tonight are off . Anyone wanna make new ones with me ? (: 
So , any and all boys who like to dance with pretty girlies should contact me for info on a FUN , EXCITING PARNTERING CLASS . No technique is needed and we promise to go at a slow pace for you to learn . EBT NEEDS BOYS !!!!!!!!!!! (: P.S classes are on Either Saturdays or Sundays ( Mostly Sunday ) . 
Sooo , no homework , sadly no dance , and that's about it . Woohoo Wednesdays ? /: 
Let's take my mind off of things shall we ? Bored , bummed out , hurting , and in desperate need of a good laugh ... 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s after an interesting bus ride ... Lol , had a pretty awesome day (: 
Does anyone have red and white fabric pant that i could borrow ?! 
Going to the football game tonight ! :D 
Done with dance for today now a longgggg wait ' till I get to make falcon gear with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! :D 
Ughh , being sick is exactly what I need right now . Hear the sweet sound of sarcasm ? 
Anyone got an obnoxious belt buckle and a cowboy hat I can borrow for spirit day tomorrow ? :D 
EBT , then hopefully getting my nails done , and then HOMECOMING ! :D 
About to eat dinner then making my finishing touches on my homecoming look ! :D Got acryllic nails done for the first time . I feel kinda grown up ... :P 
Hey , so I wasn't at school today and was home sick . I would really appreciate if people in my classes could let me know if we had homework today . Thank you (: 
Thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday . I had a great day ! (: 
Can anyone give me a ride to ebt tomorrow !? D: 
Everyone wear purple today to support those who committed suicide for being made fun of and discriminated for their sexuality ! Support the LGBT community ! 
Jazz got me all pumped up today ! :D But my abs are officially killing me . Thanks crunches , I love you too . 
Awesome . Made my best friend cry and pissed off at me . No plans for tonight anymore . I feel like crap but honestly just asdgnakjgb . MY best friend hates me by now . Hope everyone else is having a better halloween . 
So if people in my classes could let me know what we did today that would be REALLY awesome ! (: I should be back tomorrow .. 
Anyone in Gaul's class for UW U.S History know how long the essay due tomorrow has to be ? 
Totally just changed my language on facebook to french xD This entertains and educates me at the same time ! 
Anyone wanna give me a ride to the game tonight ? :O I would greatly appreciate it and give you halloween < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Can anyone drive me to the game tonight ? I'll really appreciate it and reward you with halloween < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Football game tonight :D 
Dirty Little Secret #1 -5 . 1 ) Disney movies are the only thing that give me hope in the world . 2 ) I care for others more than I will ever care for myself . 3 ) I'm my harshest critic . 4 ) I judge my looks everyday . 5 ) I wear a fake smile on my face if it means someone dear to me is happy . 
Dirty Little Secret #6 -9 . 6 ) I enjoy pushing the boundaries and the norm . 7 ) If I want something bad enough , nothing will get in my way to getting it . 8 ) I hate that I'm willing to commit to a relationship but , it seems no one else is . 9 ) I wish I could always start my mornings with the chocolate chip pancakes they give you at DisneyLand that are shaped like < PROPFIRST > Mouse's head . 
Can anyone give me a ride to ebt tomorrow ? I have to be there at 9 in the morning ... Please help ! ): 
Neverminddddd ! Found a ride ! :D 
Keep December 3rd , 4th , and 5th free on your calendars this year everyone ! EBT is performing the Nutcracker at Renton IKEA Performing Arts Center ! If you are interested in a family-fun show then go ahead and ask me for details . It is NEVER too early to buy the tickets ;) 
Soooooo tired . Long day of rehearsals for Nutcracker today , which EVERYONE should come see , now it's time to get ready to finally go back to school tomorrow . I missed everyone all week . 
Watch channel 5 news at 11 my mom is gonna be on their promoting her work at top foods ! My momma's gonna be famous xD 
< PROPMALE>'s World and < PROPFIRST > Powers : Goldmember . Good night , good night :P 
Sooooooooo excited for pajama day tomorrow ! :D Best way to start a monday for sure . 
GRANDMA'S COMING HOME TOMORROW ! :D it's been a long year without her here . Thank you everyone for your support and prayers through the hard times ! <3 
Okay , so I'm screwed on the essay . Completely frustrated with this crap people call homework . Having a friggin ' stressful breakdown and just want to cry . Thanks for a ridiculous amount of homework right before break Mr. Gaul . You are just the < PROPFEMALE > on top of my week -.- 
All day err ' day (: 
Dear God , my uncle is spending the night . Please save us all . Because I OBVIOUSLY love family conversations with disturbing topics that eventually end up with me involved D: 
So in the past two days I have cleaned the living room , computer desk , my bathroom , done dishes , and even cleaned/vacuumed/febreezed my bedroom . I think I need to get out of the house because I'm starting to scare myself a little bit D: 
Alright so my new relationship status update got 40 obnoxious comments on it and most of them were making fun of me or him . If you TRULY want to know about the relationship and are curious to who it is then IM me or message me instead please . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ..., armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . 
So sick ): Stayed home from school yesterday and today . I feel worse today than I did yesterday so that is definately NOT a good sign . 
So , went to urgent care last night . Got in to see a nurse and when she looked down my throat she said . \Oh my god ... you have the worst throat I've seen all day . Now in my opinion I think you may have mono\ " Me : O_O What the ! @#$\ 
Giggety . 
Zach is coming overrrrr ! :D The weekend just got better . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > just made a rap , wanna hear it ? ... Look at me , I'm so hard they call me q-dizzle . You better watch out or I'll make your heart fizzle . You better be pumped for I am the shit . Keep talking smack and ya gonna get hit . ' Cause like I said my name is q-dizzle my nizzle , bizzle , fizzle ... rizzle drizzle . YO . 
