is back and has many stories to tell 

Is going to write 8 pages of an english paper tonight while listening to awesome music ! But he must keep the story serious through most of it ... damn . 
is listening to 1990s albums Kicks and Cookies 
can stay up as late as he wants [ insert insane laugh here ] 
Just started playing FEAR . Here's hoping I don't scream at any points during the game . 
has yet to find his cellphone . :( 
stumbled upon The Shebeats today . Their music is amazing ! But it doesn't exist for purchase anywhere !! 
wants to thank < PROPMALE > for helping ascertain some wonderful music . 
is angry at Norton ! 
is in Sweden , making friends 
just got a very Swedish haircut 
has had a boring few days and wants to return . However , he did get to eat some blood pudding . Mmmmm .... pig's blood and flour . 
Has had an exciting few days . Went to a party , went to a concert , went fishing and caught a nice ? 5kg bass . And ate more pudding along with some leverpastej ( look it up ) sandwiches ! Yum ! 
is wearing ORANGE SOCKS !! 
is in the States once more . Must get to work on good script writing once more ... err ... for once . 
saw Movits ! on tv . Now must listen to all their music , cuz that was fucking amazing lol 
is barely sleepy at all . Maybe should be making the shut-eye before five o'clock in future ... 
Got cellphone back ( Same Number ) Got Schedule ( Stressed Out ) Got shit to do ( Prolly not gonna get it done ) 
is crapping pickup trucks in his mind . 
is traversing the rainbow river in a boat made of shining toadstools . All while in the comfort of his own bed . 
watched Ponyo . Nice movie . Watch it if < PROPFEMALE > a fan of Hayao Miyazaki and your inner child isn't dead . Go with a friend or two , though . 
went on another music hunt . Came up with a good one this time , and the singer looks like < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Nous Non Plus 
Has a niggling feeling that he is being ignored ... hmmmmmm >> 
Therapist mode : So your parents abused you ... How does that make you feel ? 
Just accidentally YouTube ... 
feels like a bit of a jerk today . I blame society 
can only mean one thing ... Canadian Velociraptors ... 
burnt his arm on a soldering iron fixing his sister's bass , so ... there ya go . A glimpse into the life of < PROPFIRST > . 
burnt his hand on boiling water in chemistry today performing a lab , so ... wait ... déjà vu . 
* insert song lyrics that express how I am feeling in somebody else's words because I live an extremely uninteresting life , and this is the only way of expressing myself aside from \is bored\ " here * " 
still feels like his brain is being crushed by his skull . Very literally . 
is gonna go and get an early start with his practicing for tonight's concert cuz there are sections that just ... don't ... work ... yet ! 
hopes the rest of the week goes as well as this concert did . 
is off to the hospital . 
is getting annoyed with this riff !!! This is gonna play in my nightmares ! 
wants you to go to ericnylander.com and watch the video . It rakes a while to start up , but please be patient , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Kat , Marki and I worked hard to make it as good as we could ! 
is having a great day so far . Waiting for the paaaaartayyyyyy ! 
I'm wearing a dress and feeling FABULOUS ! <3 
is not wearing a dress , but is still feeling FABULOUS !! 
drank coffee in order to counteract sleepytude . BLERGUHSHTEARPHD ! 
lost his iPod ... * cry * 
is not a jedi master . 
Has got the Zuton fever running like an epidemic through his head 
just heard Sleepyhead on a Palm Pixi commercial ! Finally ! Everyone can revel in the amazingness that is Passion Pit !!! 
I'm the ultimate cutie . 
is a sexy beast 
has a beautiful belly 
want to pluck yo momma's renegade nipple hair . 
is a CUUUUUTIEEE > w < 
just made Dreams and is going to share them with the world tomorrow . ( At least as many as I can spare ) 
Is leaving in 20 minutes . See ya . 
is back online . Nobody panic , I'm alright , I'm fine , I'm good ... damn , is EVERYONE at anime club today ? 
is playing the accordian ... mmmmmmmhmmmmmmmm ( nod ) 
had a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I hope you all are right now . Also , dance , dance 
Is not in a good mood . Good night . 
Is now in a good mood .... Also ate moose and ox today . I like both , but ox smells like footsweat lol 
is writing . It's a lazy weekend ... 
A cry from Grishnákh showed that this was not mere jest 
Has received faaaaar too many birthday happiness ! < PROPFIRST > needs to stop making friends ... 
is listening to The Strokes - I'll Try Anything Once 
so ... yeah ... certain US soldiers are careless pricks with no respect for human life ....... with all due respect 
is being a boring nerd ... or a nerdy bore if you prefer ... with bunny-rabbit ears 
\I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world\ " -- < PROPFIRST > Dawkins " 
is watching The Tale of Despereaux . It's surprising to see such satire in a children's movie . Not unwelcome , though 
\LIKE\ " this status and I will send you a wall post saying something I like about you . Set this as your status if you're brave :) " 
just watched Gasland . I never liked Natural Gas for not actually being an alternative energy , but this gave me DROVES of information to hate about natural gas . Did you know that they actually use benzene to make the holes through which they drill the gas ? 
So , The Last Airbender got crap ratings . No surprises for the story at all ... I mean ... what can they do ? But the special effects didn't even < PROPFEMALE > it ? The elements were supposed to look badass , but it looks like another flop . I'm obviously still gonna go see it . I mean how else will I stay in the loop ? But I'm not expecting much . 
Let's list off the names of musicians that are not filled with angst , self-importance , and self-pity . I'll start : < PROPMALE > Ledin ... I think I won 
I'd like to , very quickly , request any borrowed items or games returned to me posthaste as I will need to pack these things before Tuesday of next week . To anyone whose items I have , I will return to you , as I have them ready to go already 
would like everyone to know that he lost his cellphone charger and will be incapable of receiving calls anywhere other than my home phone . ' Tis 508 886 6456 
Just got it confirmed ; Saturday next week is the day we make our way out 
learned today that < PROPMALE > would be a language you might want to learn to speak while living in < PROPMALE > y ... 
My phone has the interwebz on it ! Hory sheeeeeeet !!! 
just spent 3 hours searching for all my video games and movies . Found those . Then I realized I lost my ps2 . After 2 hours , I gave up and ate a tuna pizza 
somehow Chrome got set to Japanese , while Facebook is set to Spanish , and everything everyone writes is in English . O.o 
Many words in the English language ( that aren't compound words ) will contain other words , or be words with pre-/suffixes that change the meaning of the word . ' Grateful ' is the worst word ever because that's how it's spelled . The connotation of the word tends to make me want to write it like ' Greatful ' or ' full of greatness ' . Seeing the word ' Grateful ' makes me think that it's full of FUCKING CHEESE GRATERS !!! 
I believe it's time to celebrate everyone ! The repeal of ' Don't ask , don't tell ' has finally passed in the Senate , and the President will be signing it into law next week ( Though the process takes forever ) . The good guys finally win one ! 
When did I get so many friends ??? This is overwhelming ..... \ 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes !! I love you all ! 
Okay , I am way in over my head right now , and I am really tired ! \ 
I need to get sleep or I will fall asleep in history tomorrow morning ! \ 
Thus , I will bid you a good night for the moment and return tomorrow after school to finish conveying my gratitude for the various wishes of happiness on my 18th birthday ... 
