New years fuck it no fun by yourself im going to bed ! Ill be safe in my deams 

Go ahead run and hide , I saw someone qho was lost and confused battered and abused kept u close to my heart through it all now u cannot do the same for me and place all the blame on me til im buried i stuck by u now u wont return the favor and that is not true love so i must say goodbye 
How did it come to this where did it all go wrong ? Nothing seems to be what it used to and no ones happy i lie awake at night this feeling just aint right these words go round n round in my head like a broken record this is a tragety like bad tv one more day n i will explode whats the point to drag it out lets put it in the ground -The Souls 
We came down with a crushing might I might be mistaken We came down with a sickening plight Forever forsaken We got all bent out of shape Hopelessly dreadful Confessed a gaping mouthful No love no hate We came down with a crushing might Something so rotten We gave up the good fight Forever forgotten Into the night 
Patience ........ and a little time to myself . Maybe ill draw or write something today ! 
http://www.mercyforanimals.org/hatchery/ 
crackers and sprite yum yum 
You never know what the next day will bring ! Amazing things happen unexpectantly .... 
BABY !!!!! 
Not the best day . Don't really know what to do ..... 
Yeah I know what a little Doucher !!! People think their hott shit and the sad truth is the are wrong . They don't even know who they are in the first place ....! 
Still can't believe a baby is on the way ! Such an amazing feeling !!! 
today was first doctor's visit .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a bad ass 
Library computers are soooo slow 
Nobody is perfect , as long as you try to do the best you can with your given situation 
Late last night I made my plans It was the only thing I felt I could doSaid goodbye to my best friendIt's gonna kill me the rest of my life Let me apologize while I'm still alive I know it's time to face All of my past mistakes It's gonna kill me for the rest of my life This is my all time low Somehow it feels so familiar I feel like letting go And every second that goes by 
I'm screaming out for second tries Said goodbye to my best friend Sometimes there’s no one left to tell me the truth Let me apologize while I'm still alive I know it's time to face All of my past mistakes I've got to live with them the rest of my life This is the mess I've made 
These are the words I can't eraseThis is my life support Shutting down For the final time And it twists like a bladeAnd kills me for the rest of my life If you won't forgive me the rest of my lifeLet me apologize while I’m still alive I know it's time to face All of my past mistakesIts gonna kill me the rest of my life 
a breath of fresh air and some time to think 
!! 
J ust when you think there is hope ..... THERES NOT !!! :( 
I wanna know if this is real , all these things that I feel !!! 
SHE WILL DESTROY US ALL BEFORE SHES THROUGH AND FIND A WAY TO BLAME SOMEBODY ELSE ... 
Four Loko !!! 
I dreamed Id wake up in your Arms and breathe you in , Where are you ? Are you still here ? 
You persist to hammer the nail through my heart and watch it bleed ! Are you happy now !! 
I will never allow myself to fall victim to your sinister ways ever again 
Change starts in the heart !!! Have faith you will get through !!! 
Life is what you make it 
Its good to get out with the one you love , except the waitress was a dumb ass 
I still can't believe I am gonna be a dad ! It's a joyous experience and the baby is'nt even here yet . 
Can't wait to hold my baby in my arms ...... what a miracle ! 
\Through the Lord all things are possible ! \"" 
Confusion sets in .... Where do I begin ..... 
This can't last forever\ 
Time won't make things better ! \ 
\ 
I was better off a year ago\ 
Before I fell into your show\ 
I don't belive this is real\ 
Nothing left to feel 
This is the last time I'll take the blame for the sake of being with you !! Because I am done !!! 
It's gotta get hard before it get's easy ...... 
Take one step ata time ...... as long as it's the right direction ...... you will get to your desired destination . 
GONNA BE A DAD !!!! 
All I do is give and , all U do is take ...... Well you gotta look before you leap . Take a good look at your so called \friend\ " .... There was never a time I was never there for you . Your never gonna understand !!! " 
I hate LIARS !!! Especially ones that lie non stop and don't even care if they are hurting people in the process !!!! 
Sometimes all you can do is just let time tell the future !!! 
Life is too short to waste on bitches 
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine 
Fuckin whores 
Tofurkey !! 
when will this get better !!?? 
A rainy day missing the one that I love ...... Wish you were here !!! 
Anoth rainy day and still missing the one that i love 
nother rainy day missing the one that i love 
Heres to a bright prosperous future with many good friends 
Sometimes the solution is just a little time ...... True love will never abandon you forever ..... and I'm glad my true love has come back !!! 
I love my baby oh sooo much !!! < PROPFEMALE > cant wait to see you !! 
I hate being alone ! When will this end ! 
i love you baby !!! may we live happily ever after < PROPFEMALE > !!! you , me and baby 
No better way to spend christmas than with my baby both of them 
Spent christmas with my sweetheart 
life is finally going where i have always wanted it too ....... I am finally getting the one thing I never thought I would ..... The one thing that I never really had . A FAMILY Thank you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
somethings not quite right ! Just can't put my finger on it ! 
wish i knew ??? 
this is starting to really bug me ! 
well i guess its not as bad as i thought 
Ahh so u say your lonely pulled away by the tide , lost at sea all your senses soaking so heavy that you cant breathe let me take you to a place where the sun warms your face and the sound of the waves takes you away and the ghosts on the boardwalk will keep u company 
Ahhh so you say your empty stripped away by the pain of broken dreams all these emotions clouding up your eyes til you cant see < PROPFEMALE > nothing you dont need the wind is there to guide your feet and your in good company 
i love u sierra <3 
I love The Bouncing Souls !!! \ 
Whenever im down Iknow where my friends can be found , whenever there is a doubt I just have to shout .... Oi Oi ......... another night i got somewhere to go going out to the punk rock show where the air is hott and the music is loud this is my kind of place this is my kind of crowd i will be here until the night is through 
Do I listen to my conscience on do I listen to my heart , that leaves my brain in the middle of a tug of war match and a huge headache .... 
So many decisions in life !!! How do you know if your making the right ones ? 
In this revolution no plans have been weitten for retreat - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , jr. 
Thinking about life , a little time and hopefully it will work itself out ! I HOPE 
Sometimes Goodbye is the only way !!!........ Time to tace care of myself .... so i can take care of others ..... and how can U love if u dont love yourself 
without family you have nothing !! There is nothing greater than having a family and I am blessed greatly to be given this gift .... without a doubt 
Close my eyes , take a deep breathe , let it out ........ now what ??? I can do this will you stand by me ? 
Break the mold , time to be free and dont let anyone tell you who to be ! 
Life is a never ending lesson . By the time u learn anything and start to have an understanding of its many complexities , u die ! 
I found something im good at , not being good enough ! 
Love ??? 
Time for sleep maybe ill wake up in a new life !! 
I cant sleep cant seem to focus and ill lie awake alone without you on this night that never ends , what have we been waiting for ? For this to breakdown ? Its in our hearts not our heads ! Awake but barely breathing eyes closed my heart is barely beating and I CAN FEEL THIS pressure building only thing . Im feelin . We can OVERCOME this weakness ~ Dont Look Down ~ 
Wake me up from this nightmare because in this dream ive seen this show a thousand times but eachvtime it gets more fucked . Throw logic out the door bring disillusion and fear . Distort everything , nothings clear . Ive conditioned my mind to accept the worst yet it feels so familiar , like somehow ill return to this lonely state , to this reoccuring grey , to this infinite hell that i fear follows me 
My name is where your heart is , where my mind can rest at ease . When i let down my defenses , i hold you close to me . Daily life reminds me of my pain and misery . When i look in the mirror , this is so clear to see . So i sleep , i sleep to dream , i dream to wake up in your arms , breathe you in and kiss the lips of an angel 
feeling great ! 
It is great to be loved !! Especially by someone sooo special 
She puts a smile on my face and love in my heart . In oh so many ways I love her , for we shall never part . When she is near , there is nothing I have to fear . Holding one another close , there is no greater feeling . Love is a very special gift ! \ 
I Love You < PROPFEMALE > <333 
why cant she see that she is everything to me and no one else could ever be ..... no one could even come close ! now i close my eyes and sit here alone in an empty room all i here is my heart pounding and pray that she could just see i love her ..... i may not be perfect and i am sorry but there is no one else for me we were meant to be plz why cant you see ..... let me remove the blindfold from your eyes ... 
I cant sleep cant do anything i dont know what to do or why this happening 
My heart hurts and i jusy dont dont know what to feel 
i love her sooo much 
battered .... bruised .... broken .... nothing left to do .... lost it all ... everything i loved and cared about gone !!! i will never recover ..... she will always be the one ..... 
i have no one i lost it all ..... if everything happens for a reason what is it 
im dying this broken heart was stronger than i can stand 
she brought meaning to my life and gave me a family and a baby .... and true love i know im not perfect no one is ...... why does she take it all away ? :( </3 
You know I feel so violent , \ 
Just want to break some glass , \ 
Every day I pray it'll be my last\ 
Turning to a blank wall wondering what to do ? \ 
Turning to a caliber . 22\ 
Every day he starts the same old fight . \ 
And every day it just gets worse by night . \ 
If I hit the streets I think I'll be alright . \ 
But until I do , I won't be safe tonight . 
DONT BELIEVE THE LIES !!! 
I know all about the lies and that is why i have to cut ties ....... 
if u think there is a chance ..... think again ... im not playing your game .... it will just never change your always gonna be the same .... hide behind for facade ....... underneath that sweeet sweet skin there is pure eveil ... and i will not be tempted by you ..... there is nothing you can do .... i know the truth ...... this is the end ... now let me go mend my broken heart .... sad i knew it from the start ... it would come to this . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC_xzitahlU 
One o one point one Fahrenheit\ 
To some it's a fever , to her it's just right\ 
And I can't hold her , and it's bringin ' me down\ 
Her blood runs hot but her heart beats cold\ 
she's a devil with an angel's face I've been told\ 
I think I'll push my luck next time you're around 
Well aparently my own friend just turned on me too and in the streets ... fuck everything she sucked him back in too slowly drain him i hate backstabbers and minipulative liars 
idk i dont mlike the games ...... it needs to fuckin stop 
I need you ..... Need to touch you , breathe you , 
I cant go on without you for one more second !!! Im going nutz !!! 
A whirldwind of lies ! I dunno anymore . What I do know is I wish I felt the way I did the first day I ever layed eyes on her ! The greatest day ever , yet the worst memory the thought is like a bullet to the chest , my blood is pooring out . Will you let me bleed out or will you step in and save the day ? 
Chew me up and spit me out , I fell for this < PROPFEMALE > many times and still I stick with this , Im sick of this , but in my sickness an addiction , your as addictive as they get , evil as they come , vindictive as they make em , my friends ask why I cant just walk away , addicted to the pain , the stress , the drama , I guess Im a mess , cursed and blessed . 
When will this crazyness stop and my world stop spinning and falling apart 
Eminem - 25 to Life !!! Fuck this bullshit !! 
A Sigh of relief ! There is nothing greater than having the one you love in your arms and holding them close while your little one grows inside their belly . 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It does not dishonor others , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . 
24 Weeks almost !! My baby girl .... Thinking about < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > 
Your little Wiener schnitzel is about the length of a foot-long Chicago hot dog and weighs about 1 1/3 pounds .... lol ... haha my little wiener schnitzel !!! Poor girl ! 
We are trying to decide on < PROPFEMALE > or Olivia ..... any comments ?? 
When that kid looks into your eyes and you know it's yours , you know what it means to be alive 
Someones feelin good tonight !! ;p 
Daddy misses his lil girl !! See you guys soon !! 
COOFEINE !!! SOOOO BUZZED 
A Baby is the best gift anyone could ever recieve !! 
Spending quality time with mommy and baby !!! 
Feeling the baby move is so amazing and special . I miss you guys , you two are my world with you guys nothing else matters 
penut butter and jelly .... mmmmmm and some special quality time with miommy and baby <3 
Baby Girl !!! I love you !! I know your not here yet but heres some love anywayz ..... A gift from above a bundle of joy . Me and Mom will love you and protect you . 
Fun Fact : Week 24\ 
\ 
This week your baby is really working on developing her little lungs . Little branches are forming ; these will later produce surfactant , a substance that is key to helping your baby's lungs fully mature and develop . 
Wishing I could feel the baby move !!! :( 
i miss my babycakes !!! love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Your score : 105 IQ\ 
Your IQ score is higher than 60% of the general population , although not in the top 20% , putting you in the higher than average range . This means that you’re likely to be quicker than most in spotting the links between things that others miss . You’re also more likely to pick up new ideas than others around you . You have the raw intellectual talent to succeed in a broad range of endeavours . 
I HATE THE SNOW !!! :( 
I Love you Dear\ 
Forever and a Day\ 
So keep me Near\ 
That is all I pray\ 
For I shall not Fear\ 
Or ever be in dismay\ 
I will let GOD stear\ 
And next to you I will stay\ 
So this I hope you hear\ 
What I had to say\ 
I Love You dear\ 
Forever and a Day ....... ILY <3 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! <3<3 
I miss my baby girl !!! 
Sittin in dunkin donuts bored as shit and miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
Miss my baby ..... Wishin U were here 
spent the night with my sweetheart !!! Movie , Cuddling and Pizza !!! 
One should count each day as a seperate life ... 
Playing bass ...... jammin out yeah !!! 
My < PROPFEMALE > made me my favorite meal ... Yay ! Movie ...... Love you <3 
Mmmm the best soup ever < PROPFEMALE > made it for me and its my favorite !! 
PLaying bass .... 
imma sit and be fat and eat pizza 
cannot wait for my baby girl 
well life is full of twists and turns but all that matters is my family 
< PROPFIRST > Barfield R.I.P. 
Spent the night with my two loves .... sweet dreams .... time to get some sleep ..... love ya guys 
i had a good Valentines Day got to see my baby .... shes the best 
Love is a divine intervention between you and all the wrongs of this cold , cruel world . I am awestruck that I have found love or that it has found me , or maybe we found one another . Either way I would not trade the way you make my heart skip beats when I gaze into your eyes , not a thing in this world could replace what you give me . So I would like to take a moment and thank you . 
Baby is getting closer to coming everyday and I cant wait ...... Cant wiit to see her and hold her . And love her with all my heart ..... Mommy and daddy love you 
I love my babies 
Psalm 56:3 reads , “When I am afraid , I will trust in You . ” Share a time you have looked past your fear to trust in the Lord’s help and direction . 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > goodnight see ya tomorrow and tell out baby i love him/her as well . <3 
So the baby is almost with us I cant wait !!! 
Learning as much stuff as I can about being a daddy but the true lesson I think is gonna come when the baby is actually here no words can prepare you for that feeling you get when your baby is in your arms for the very first time and even each and everyday that follows . Tomorrow is a birthing class with < PROPFEMALE > , should be interesting . 
Live , Learn and Love .......!! \ 
I <3 S.n.F. 
Psalms 23:6 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life ; and I shall dwell in the house of the LORD for ever 
Week 31 of the pregnancy not to far to go ... Its soooo exciting 
Baby shower is being planned ........ Yay !!! 
#77 You are a very important aspect in my life ..... Your as important to me as water itself . You always know how to put a smile on my face thank you :) 
Happy Happy Joy Joy .... 
monopoly with my baby ...... and yummy pizza 
Yay for spending 17 hours at the hospital ..... with no sleep ..... < PROPFEMALE > was being monitored for contractions , Its almost that time I guess . While we were there two babies were born and we went and saw them in the nursery they were sooo cute cant wait to have my baby here 
Its a Girl !!! Little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Pizza and a movie .... Unstopable !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cant wait for your arrival 
Ya never know what you might find under the bed . Lost social security card , a plate , a fake tomato ???. Lol .... 
yay new phone oh and i love you < PROPFEMALE > hehehe 
Time for bed with my babies !!! 
i love my sweetheart ! 
off to NYC and Cape May getting pictures done on the beach of the pregnant belly lol . Well its gonna be awesome . 
Baby < PROPFEMALE > is gonna be here any day now !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > will be here any day now !!! 
