When I first met you I couldn't love anyone But you stole my dreams and you made me see that I can walk into the sun and I could still be me And now I can't deny Nothing lasts forever 

To my mafia : I still need : Boxing Ring , Seat , Towel , Cream , Arkle , < PROPFEMALE > Miller , and Ormonde ; any other collection items Consigliere or higher in NY ... in Cuba I need all fruits & beards minus Mutton Chops For Trade : 8 , 10 , Jack(x2 ) , Queen(x4 ) , King , Ace of Di 
To my mafia : I still need : Boxing Ring , Towel , and Ormonde ; any other collection items Consigliere or higher in NY ... in Cuba I need all fruits & beards minus Mutton Chops For Trade : 8 , 10 , < PROPFIRST > ( x2 ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( x4 ) , < PROPMALE > , Ace of Diamonds ; 8 , 9 ( x4 ) , 10 ( x3 ) , 
There's a sense of longing in me As I read < PROPFEMALE>'s letter Her writing's honest Can't forget the years she's lost In isolation She talks about her love And as I read \I'll die alone\ " I know she's aching There's a certain detail seen here The pen must ha " 
I can't quite breathe alone The < PROPFEMALE > pressing harder still Have I lost my call My fantasies all unfulfilled ? What can I liken to these seas ? A kiss before may bury me To drown within a day is closer than you think I find less time for those that can't 
How can I be lost , If I've got nowhere to go ? Search for seas of gold How come it's got so cold ? How can I be lost ? In remembrance I relive And how can I blame you When it's me I can't forgive ? These days drift on Inside a fog It's thick and suffocating H 
I may not always love you But long as there are stars above you You never need to doubt it Ill make you so sure about it God only knows what Id be without you If you should ever leave me Though life would still go on believe me The world could show nothin 
All the times , that I felt like this won't end It's for you And I taste what I could never have It was from you All the times that I've cried My intentions were full of pride But I waste more time than anyone But I'm on the outside and I'm looking in I ca 
I have lost the will to live Simply nothing more to give There is nothing more for me Need the end to set me free Things not what they used to be Missing one inside of me Deathly lost , this can't be real Can not stand this hell I feel Emptiness is filling 
If anyone needs Capo lvl collection items ( Paintings , Cufflinks , or Barber ) I'm your man ! First come first serve ! I have multiples of all ! 
My bearded dragon died :'( 
I just got to level 101 , finally over 100 .... if it helps put me in your top mafia to get the acheivment ..... I'm also looking for all entertainers , fish and beards ( except Crooner and Mutton Chops ) from Cuba if anyone can help 
so now the walls are closing in because in life you sink or swim sometimes these shoes don't feel right in my head feel like a book that can't be a book that can't be a book that can't be read 
Going to bury my bearded dragon .... RIP Spike 
Anyone in my mafia have an extra fish so i can start wishlisting them ? 
anyone in my mafia have an extra Reef Shark , so I can finish my last set ?!?! 
Still looking for a single Reef Shark .... 
As daylight doth a lamp ; her eyes in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night . See , how she leans her cheek upon her hand ! O , that I were a glove upon that hand , That I might touch that cheek ! 
There was a time When I was so brokenhearted Love wasn't much of a friend of mine The tables have turned - yeah ' Cause me and them ways have parted That kinda love was the killin ' kind ( so listen ) All I want is someone I can't resist I know - all I - need 
Please believe you'll save me , rearrange me I can feel your feelings running through me Take away my sorrow my tomorrow Heal me ( All alone ) Leave me here I'm dying ( All alone ) Just kicked me in my face ( All alone ) All alone and crying ( All alone ) I suffoc 
Et tu , Brute ? 
Baby you'll come knocking on my front door Same old line you used to use before That's the game , well ... what am I supposed to do I didn't know what I was getting into So you've had a little trouble in town Now you're keeping some demons down Stop draggin 
ME LIKE HOCKEY ! 
3 wrongs don't make a right ... but 3 lefts do 
You come alone , letting all of us savor the moment Leaving me broken another time You come on like a bloodstained hurricane Leave me alone , let me be this time You < PROPFEMALE > on like a holy man pushing redemption I don't want to mention , the reason I know That 
Well I admit it I'm jealous , I feel like givin ' up Will kill myself But something tells me you won't give a fuck And I don't want to waste my time If it ain't worth it I could jump off a roof on purpose Until I hit the surface So fuck the pain , Fuck the p 
YAY I just reached a Mafia size of 501 ! 
I still need to send out lots of gifts , please check my profile for my Giftlist and see if i can help you out ! 
I only need to help out on 3 more jobs to get the Mercenary achievement so keep posting them ! I can't believe how fast some of them go ! Also check my profile for a giftlist and see if I can send you some goodies 
And everything I can't remember As fucked up as it all may seem to be I know it's me I cannot blame this on my father He did the best he could for me And it's been a while Since I could hold my head up high And it's been a while since I said I'm sorry 
And the now chilly california wind Is blowing down our bodies again And were sinking deeper and deeper into the chilly california sand Oh I know you belong inside my aching heart And cant you see my faded levis bursting apart And dont you hear me crying : 
my mind is like today . damp dark dreary as the rain falls outside beating , though it hits the ground i can feel it slipping away dying without decay dying like my soul from the inside out . i can only prey it won't be long it won't be long now it can't be 
Looking to stockpile any and all collection items that will be free to anyone that needs them . Please donate anything you have extra of ! 
National Temples -- na me get em National Stadium -- na me build em President na my sister brother You be the mugu , I be the master Oyinbo man : I go chop your dollar ! I go take your money and disappear ! 419 is just a game , you are the loser I am the winne 
Anyone want to help me stockpile Mafia Wars collection items that will be free to anyone who needs them ? Any and all donations are welcome ... HELP YOURSELF GET THE GIFTING ACHIEVEMENTS ! 
A smoke is rising nearby Dust covering my coat Blend together to spell my name Pale , covered me with sweat There are no words left Sole provider of death Distorted faith in myself Human harvest burning Blackest pages turning Twisted perception come true C 
Am I like them ? Those who mourn and turn away Those who would give anything To see you again If only for another second Your face was , like the photograph Painted white We did not speak very often about it What does it matter now ? Cloak of autumn shroud I 
Mesmerized , its kaleidoscopic face Granted you a hollow stare Another soul within the divine herd I have kept it The amaranth symbol Hidden inside the < PROPFEMALE > shrine Until we rejoice in the meadow Of the end When we both walk the shadows It will set ablaze 
And now my days are short an my nights are long I lay down with memories of you keep that keep me going on , going on It makes me wonder as I sit and stare Will I see your face again Tell me , do you care I'm a stranger in my home Living life on my own Righ 
Counting on me Always hoping I'll be There for all of your problems In turn you're never there for me You sucked the life out of me You hate everything you see I can't take this anymore I always stay when I should leave You see the pain in my face While y 
We < PROPMALE > misprinted lies We < PROPMALE > the tracks of time And yet , I fight And yet , I fight This battle all alone No one to cry to No place to call home Oooh ... oooh ... Oooh ... oooh ... My gift of self is raped My privacy is raked And yet , I find And yet , I find 
May or may not be in Illinois for much longer 
Woohoo ! Interview tomorrow ! 
I sit alone and watch the clock Tryin to collect my thoughts I'll I think about is you If you believe in me Life not always what it seems Believe in me Cause I was made for chasing dreams . Believe in me I know you've waited for so long Believe in me Somet 
Yeah I am the astro- Creep a demolition Style hell american Freak yeah - I am the Crawling dead - a Phantom in a box Shadow in your Head say acid Suicide freedom Of the blast read The fucker lies yeah - Scratch off the - Broken skin - tear Into my heart m 
Definitly going to be sore from hockey today 
Unchain the colors before my eyes Yesterday's sorrows , tomorrow's white lies Scan the horizon , the clouds take me higher I shall return from out of the fire Tears for remembrance , and tears for joy Tears for somebody , and this lonely boy Out in the madnes 
Touch your lips just so I know In your eyes , love , it glows so I'm bare-boned and crazy ... for you . Oh , and you come crash into me Baby , and I come into you In a boy's dream In a boy's dream And if I've gone overboard Then I'm begging you To forgive me In 
Hockey tonight ! BG Skate park ( corner of BG rd and Deerfield rd ) @ 6:30 OPEN TO ALL INTERESTED , byoe ! let me know if you have any questions 
Save of the Day : Big slap shot off the right pad , rebound left about 4 inches off the right post .... rebound shot .... RIGHT INTO THE GOALIES GLOVE at point blank range ! 
Am I like them ? Those who mourn and turn away Those who would give anything To see you again If only for another second Your face was , like the photograph Painted white We did not speak very often about it What does it matter now ? Cloak of autumn shroud I gaze , dim ricochet of stars I reckon it is time for me to leave 
Why can't we not be sober ? I just want to start this over Why can't we sleep forever ? I just want to start this over I am just a worthless liar I am just an imbecile I will only complicate you Trust in me and fall as well I will find the center in you I will chew it up and leave , I will work to elevate you Just enough to bring you down 
You'll never know how your face has haunted me My very soul has to bleed this time Another hole in the wall of my inner defenses Leaving me breathless the reason I know That I am stricken and cant let you go When the heart is cold theres no hope and we know That I am crippled by all that you've done Into the abyss will i run Into the abyss will i run ! 
Losing sleep , in too deep Fading sun , what have I done Came so close to what I need most Nothing left here Cut the ties , uncover disguise Left behind all intertwined Lost control , moved out of the role now Nothing's left here Leave it be It was meant for me Soul sacrifice Forgot the advice Lost track of time In a flurry of smoke Waiting anxiety For a fair judgement deserved 
Why does she still make me cry when I haven't seen her in months ? 
My dad asked me why I waited so long to eat , yet he made some canned chilli and didn't even bother to let me know so that I could have some ... and now there's at least half the can of chilli rotting in a pan on the stove 
Finally broke my writers block and wrote a new poem . 
We don't want Hue .... he's not our son ! 
anyone have a < PROPMALE > cigar i could have or trade for ? 
Going through all my Mafia Wars add emails , hopefully I don't add too many too fast and get pinkslipped ..... 119 messages left , over 6.5 pages 
Home life and personal life are both falling apart 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
What a GREAT weekend ( NOT ! ) 
Hockey in an hour , then Weeds tonight ! 
I feel betrayed Stuck in your ways And you rip me apart With the brutal things you say I can't deal with this shit anymore I just look away Cause you can't feel my ANGER You can't feel my pain You can't feel my torment Driving me insane I can't fight these feelings they bring only pain You can't take away Make me whole again 
This head movie makes my eyes rain 
Just beat the GTA4 storyline ( only ) in 16 hours , 7 < PROPFEMALE > and 23 seconds , a lot faster then the 30 hour limit to get the trophy 
No beer and no tv make < PROPMALE > something , something .... 
I'm looking for me You're looking for you We're looking in at each other And we don't know what to do They call me The Seeker I've been searching low and high I won't get to get what I'm after Till the day I die 
Yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery , but today is a gift , that is why it is called \present \"" 
We few , we happy few , we band of brothers ; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile This day shall gentle his condition : And Gentlemen in England now a-bed Shall think themselves accursed they were not here , And hold their manhoods cheap whilst any speaks That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day . 
Good Night , Good night ! Parting is such sweet sorrow , that I shall say good night till it be morrow . 
What would you do if I sang out of tune , Would you stand up and walk out on me ? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song And I'll try not to sing out of key . 
My goal is to deny yours .... new pictures to come 
I can't see the meaning of this life i'm leading , I try to forget you as you forgot me this time there is nothing left for you to take , this is goodbye Summer is < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > away , and no one would ask me to stay And I , should contemplate this change to ease the pain . And I , should step out of the rain , turn away . 
Found you there in the blink of an eye I miss you Turned away into a thousand dreams You've found out what they mean Lost you there in a moment of truth I trust you Gave away your one and only heart A gift to tear apart Stain me , save me Take me to my home Hold me , show me Take me to my home 
TO ALL MY MAFIA : check out my profile for some Help Needed ..... this level 487 really will not leave me alone and I have no idea what i did to piss him off , considering i can't even beat him anyways .... he keeps trying to kill me , and when he can't attack me directly anymore he tries to < PROPMALE > me ..... PLEASE HELP ! 
Returned from a hibernal dream Voices fell like marble No longer by my side Gone all that would linger Ripped from my embrace < PROPFEMALE > reflected in shafts Red line round her neck Met the earth in silence White faced , haggard grin This serenity painted death With a halo of bitter disease Black paragon in lingering breath 
I'm never alone I'm alone all the time Are you at one Or do you lie We live in a wheel Where everyone steals But when we rise it's like strawberry fields I treated you bad You bruise my face Couldn't love you more You got a beautiful taste Don't let the days go by Could have been easier on you I couldn't change though I wanted to Should have been easier by three Our old friend fear and you and me 
emptiness is loneliness , and loneliness is cleanliness and cleanliness is godliness , and god is empty just like me intoxicated with the madness , i'm in love with my sadness bullshit fakers , enchanted kingdoms the fashion victims chew their charcoal teeth i never let on , that i was on a sinking ship i never let on that i was down you blame yourself , for what you can't ignore you blame yourself for wanting more 
How could this happen to me ? I've made my mistakes got nowhere to run the night goes on as I'm fadin ' away I'm sick of this life I just wanna scream How could this happen to me ? Everybody's screamin ' I try to make a sound but no one hears me I'm slippin ' off the edge I'm hangin ' by a thread I wanna start this over again 
Something kinda sad about the way that things have come to be . Desensitized to everything . What became of subtlety ? How can this mean anything to me If I really don't feel anything at all ? I'll keep digging till I feel something . 
Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration . That we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . There is no such thing as death , life is only a dream , and we are the imagination of ourselves . Here's < PROPMALE > with the weather . 
See , I think drugs have done some * good * things for us , I really do . And if you don’t believe drugs have done good things for us , do me a Favor : go home tonight and take all your albums , all your tapes , and all your cd’s and burn em’ . ' Cause you know what ? The musicians who’ve made all that great music that’s enhanced your lives throughout the years ... Rrrrrrrrrrrrreal ------ high on drugs . 
So you sailed away Into a grey sky morning Now I'm here to stay Love can be so boring Nothing's quite the same now I just say your name now But it's not so bad You're only the best I ever had You don't want me back You're just the best I ever had So you stole my world Now I'm just a phony Remembering the girl Leaves me down and lonely Send it in a letter Make yourself feel better 
The peices of my broken heart are so small they could pass though the eye of a needle . I miss you like the sun misses the flower in the deep of winter . 
Stay with me awhile Rise above the vile Name my final rest Poured into my chest Into the orchard I walk peering way past the gate Wilted scenes for us who couldn't wait Drained by the coldest caress , stalking shadows ahead Halo of death , all I see is departure Mourner's lament but it's me who's the martyr 
Please remedy my confusion And thrust me back to the day The silence of your seclusion Brings night into all you say Pull me down again And guide me into pain I'm counting nocturnal hours Drowned visions in haunted sleep Faint flickering of your power Leaks out to show what you keep 
I thought you loved me You never gave a fuck Why did you have to go and take my life from me I'm looking in your eyes I finally realize That everything you said was taking life from me And nothing feels the same These memories still remain Why did you have to go and take my life from me And then you say your sad Lost everything you had Still everyday you're always taking life from me 
Gasping for another breath . She < PROPFEMALE > , screaming at closed doors . Seductive faint mist forging through the cracks in the wall . I shant resist . In tears for all of eternity . She turned around and faced me for the first time . Run away , run away . Just one second , and I was left with nothing . Her fragrance still pulsating through damp air . That day came to an end . And she had lost in me , her credence . 
Deserted again You speak to me through the shadows Walking in closed rooms , using cold words Captured by the night The yearning escapes from my embrace Strange silhouettes whisper your thoughts , scream your sadness And they all turned away , unable to face more of this death Credence in my word Written in dust , tainted by memories I confess my hope , recognize my loneliness Your laughter weeps the truth 
Anyone want to become a ghost < PROPMALE > with me ? And help invest in some equipment ;-) 
I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend , You could cut ties with all the lies , that you've been living in , And if you do not want to see me again , I would understand . I would understand . 
Blackhawks season starts tomorrow at 11 a.m. 
Blackhawks season starts in 30 < PROPFEMALE > . on CSN . Watch it and root ! 
Blackhawks game @ 6:30 on CSN at Detroit . LETS BEAT THOSE WINGS ! 
So many nights I dream of you Holding my pillow tight I know that I don't need to be alone When I open up my eyes To face reality Every moment without you It seems like eternity I'm begging you , begging you come back to me 
Build my fear of what's out there Cannot breathe the open air Whisper things into my brain Assuring me that I'm insane They think our heads are in their hands But violent use brings violent plans Keep him tied , it makes him well He's getting better , can't you tell ? 
I adapt to the unknown Under wandering stars I've grown By myself but not alone I ask no one And my ties are severed clean Less I have the more I gain Off the beaten path I reign Roamer , wanderer Nomad , vagabond Call me what you will 
GAH ! How can commercial tv show commercials in the middle of a fight scene ?!?! 
Hello out there we're on the air it's hockey night tonite Tension grows the whistle blows-& the puck goes down the ice . The goalie jumps and the players bump and the fans all go insane Someone roars \Bobby scores ! \ " at the good ole hockey game Oh the good ole hockey game is the best game you can name And the best game you can name is the good ole hockey game " 
Do not turn your face towards me Confronting me with my lonliness You are in a < PROPMALE > unknown The secret orchard And your voice is vast and achromatic But still so precious Lullaby of the crescent < PROPFEMALE > took you Mesmerized , its kaleidoscopic face Granted you a hollow stare Another soul within the divine herd 
Paranormal Activity after the Blackhawks game ! 
Enjoyed Paranormal Activity , need to see it again though ... it wasn't as scary as they make it sound , but was deffinitly enjoyable . Although simmilar to < PROPFIRST > Witch it was a lot better . Too bad the Blackhawks lost though in a hard fought game . 
Bewahret einander vor Herzeleid denn kurz ist die Zeit die ihr beisammen seid Denn wenn euch auch viele Jahre vereinen einst werden sie wie Minuten euch scheinen Herzeleid Bewahret einander vor der Zweisamkeit 
Into the orchard i walk peering way past the gate . Wilted scenes for us who couldn't wait . Drained by the coldest caress , stalking shadows ahead . Halo of death , all i see is departure . Mourner's lament but it's me who's to martyr . 
Open your eyes now Hear me out before I lose my mind I've been waiting for hours Let the salt flow , feel my coil unwind Give me a smile please Count the calm and watch my breathing slow Winding me up tease Get inside my head and make it show 
Never opened myself this way Life is ours , we live it our way All these words I don't just say And nothing else matters Trust I seek and I find in you Every day for us something new Open mind for a different view And nothing else matters 
Where do I take this pain of mine I run but it stays right by my side So tear me open and pour me out There's things inside that scream and shout And the pain still hates me So hold me until it sleeps 
How can a motherboard have a \mic in\ " and a \ " line in\ " but no \ " line out\ " ?!?! Where do I plug my sound system in ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > rocks my world :-) 
Finally got my sound working ... don't ask my exactly how though . 
Brick walls and concrete floors Steels bars for my doors Two chains holding my bed A hard looking mattress rest my head We wouldn't listen to what was being said We played our hand and wound up here instead 
Woo hoo ! Ghost Adventures marathon all day leading up to the 7 hour live investigation tonight ! Supposidly there's something special planned for midnight ( when it offically turns Halloween ) 
The 7 hour live Ghost Adventures was totally worth it ! 
We < PROPMALE > misprinted lies We < PROPMALE > the tracks of time And yet , I fight And yet , I fight This battle all alone No one to cry to No place to call home Oooh ... oooh ... Oooh ... oooh ... My gift of self is raped My privacy is raked And yet , I find And yet , I find Repeating in my head If I can't be my own I'd feel better dead Oooh ... oooh ... Oooh ... oooh ... 
There you are alone With no hope of ever having Something to be proud of Something earned without begging Yes , i know you're a person A person close to me Who do you think you are ? What more do you want from me ? 
I'd rather do nothing and be happy then do something I hate . 
Give me something good and I'll fuck it up All my life I've tried but never had much luck To be happy but I guess it's just not meant to be I'm gunna die a loser I'm sorry family and friends I always wanted to be something you could all be proud of All I am is a mess And you still give me every < PROPMALE > in the world and all of your love 
I'm searching for reasons To keep away the demons And I'd die again for you I wish you were near me Could feel it when you hear me say I'd die again for you So kill me with the love That you won't give to me , give to me And pack the wound with salt I wanna feel it bleed , feel it bleed You wanted me to crawl So now I'm on my knees , on my knees 
I stand motionless In a parade of falling rain Your voice I cannot hear As I am falling again Devotion eludes And in sadness I lumber In my own ashes I am standing without a soul She wept and whispered : \I know ... \ " We walked into the night Am I to bid you farewell ? Why can't you see that I try When every tear I shed Is for you ? " 
You gave me this , made me give , your silver grin , stil sticking it in You have some machine , soul machine The longest kiss , feeling furniture day Drift madly to you , pollute my heart , drain You have broken me , broken me All your mental armour drags me down , nothing hurts like your mouth , mouth 
And now I look through my minds eye And see where my past needs to rest Its always disturbed by these voices That < PROPFEMALE > inside of my head Another way that I can hide Another reason to crawl inside and get away From everything and everywhere and everyone NO ! Its all these demons haunting me Its all these little things trapped inside of me Releasing me from all my sin 
Words you say never seem To live up to the ones inside your head The lives we make never seem To ever get us anywhere but dead The day I tried to live I wallowed in the blood and mud with All the other pigs I woke the same as any other day you know I should have stayed in bed 
The blood's on the wall so you'd might as well just admit it And bleach out the stains , commit to forgetting it You're better off empty and blank than left with a single pathetic trace of this Smother another failure , lay this to rest Console yourself , you're better alone Destroy yourself , see who gives a fuck Absorb yourself , you're better alone Destroy yourself 
I hear you calling , voices are here again I hear you whisper , taking control of me Watch the dancing shadows run away All alone once again , afraid All these faces , changing their shapes on me I said laid it in my own world , will it ever be free ? Haunted figures around me , I want em ' to stay There always there to protect me , this is one thing you can't take away 
I love when the Blackhawks are away and the home crowd boo's their own team cuz they can't get it from us . :-) 
One more step and I could fall away If it happened would it matter ? I can't tell if I should go or stay Same old picture feels so hollow How can anybody know what's best for me ? Another < PROPFEMALE > I turn in shame My decisions brought me to my knees I needed someone to blame I feel so hollow Time to do what's best for me , I believe I can change 
There's those thinking , more-or-less , less is more But if less is more , how you keeping score ? Means for every point you make , your level drops Kinda like you're starting from the top You can't do that Society , you're a crazy breed Hope you're not lonely without me Society , crazy indeed Hope you're not lonely without me 
An hour and a half till < PROPFEMALE > Hossa's Blackhawks debut ! Lets make this 9 wins in a row ! 
Branded like an animal I can still feel the burn in my mind I do believe that you’ve made your message clear Deprivating , isolating , all that I feel , Leaving me with images I know are not real . Are those words of condemnation that I hear ? I think I'm losing my mind , I think I'm losing my ... 
LETS GO HAWKS ! LETS GO HAWKS ! 
You see my pain is real Watch my world dissolve and pretend that none of us see the fall As I turn to sand you took me by the hand and declared that love prevails over all All of what remains Ego brain That makes shame , shame love after it rains 
The goggles do nozzing ! 
Wow , I can't believe how stupid some people are .... you know I thought when there were 2 left turn lanes that you were supposed to turn into YOUR lane ... but apparently I was wrong 
Scar tissue that I wish you saw Sarcastic mister know it all Close your eyes and I'll kiss you ' cause With the birds I'll share With the birds I'll share This lonely view With the birds I'll share This lonely view 
Tears for remembrance , and tears for joy , Tears for somebody and this lonely boy . Out in the madness , the all seeing eye , Flickers above us , to light up the sky . Unchain the colors before my eyes , Yesterday's sorrows , tomorrow's white lies . Scan the horizon , the clouds take me higher , I shall return from out of fire . 
Concentrate and ask again 
A long December and there's reason to believe Maybe this year will be better than the last I can't remember the last thing that you said as you were leavin ' Now the days go by so fast And it's one more day up in the canyons And it's one more night in Hollywood If you think that I could be forgiven ... I wish you would 
Cleared the fog that was veiled around me And blurred my sights Suddenly , I'm no longer aching To honor my plights Rising < PROPFEMALE > and my skin is peeling Past undone Suddenly , I can't justify What I had become 
Hey , I'm feeling tired My time , is gone today You flirt with suicide Sometimes , that's ok Hear what others say I'm here , standing hollow Falling away from me Falling away from me 
Risk my soul , test my life For my bread Spend my time lost in space Am I dead ? Let the river flow Through my callused hands And take me from my own The eyes of the damned It makes my stomach turn And it tears my flesh from the bone How we turn a dream to stone And we all die young Yeah we all die young 
Lost , here is nowhere Searching home still Turning past me , all are gone Time is now The omen showed , took me away Preparations are done , this can't last The mere reflection brought disgust No ordeal to conquer , this firm slit It sheds upon the floor , dripping into a pool < PROPMALE > me sleep , take me under Like the wings of a dove , folding around I fade into this tender care 
I am awaiting the sunrise Gazing modestly through the coldest morning Once it came you lied Embracing us over autumn's proud treetops I stand motionless In a parade of falling rain You voice I cannot hear As I am falling again Devotion eludes And in sadness I lumber In my own ashes I am standing without a soul She wept and whispered : \I know ... \"" 
I sit , in my desolate room , no lights , no music , Just anger , I've killed everyone , I'm away forever , but I'm feeling better , How do I feel , What do I say , Fuck you , it all goes away , How do I feel , What do I say , Fuck you , it all goes away , How do I feel , What do I say , In the end it all goes away , How do I feel , What do I say , In the end it all goes away 
If I can feel again Will you tell me now Or wait ' til I'm broken down again ? Save me now I'm broken If I bleed My lies won't fill the emptiness inside I just need For something real to open up my mind 
HERE I COME AGAIN NOW BABY LIKE A DOG IN HEAT TELL IT'S ME BY THE WAY NOW BABY I LIKE TO TAP THE STREETS NOW I'VE BEEN SMOKING FOR SO LONG YOU KNOW I'M HERE TO STAY GOT YOU IN A STRANGLEHOLD BABY YOU BEST GET OUT OF THE WAY GONNA CRUISE IS A BITCH NOW BABY YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T DO ME ' ROUND IF YOUR HOUSE GETS IN MY WAY BABY YOU KNOW I'LL BURN IT DOWN 
i've been scared and lonely i've asked myself is something wrong with you my girlfriend told me i need some time alone to deal with issues but something makes me < PROPFEMALE > on it's difficult to understand why i always wanna fly i do it for the drugs i do it just to feel alive i do it for the love that i get from the bottom of a bottle 
silhouettes above the cradle hold me down they won't let me go the wrong way my mother taught me all the fables , told me how in the end all the sinners have to pay but ... i don't wanna live like my mother i don't wanna let fear rule my life and i don't wanna live like my father i don't wanna give up before i die 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
Icy roads beneath my feet Lead me through wastelands of deceit Rest your head now , don't you cry Don't ever ask the reason why Kept inside our idle race Ghost of an idol's false embrace Rest your head now , don't you cry Don't ever ask the reason why 
What you say about his company Is what you say about society Catch the witness , catch the wit Catch the spirit , catch the spit The world is the world is Love and life are deep Maybe as his eyes are wide Exit the warrior Today's < PROPMALE > Sawyer He gets high on you And the energy you trade He gets right on to The friction of the day 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and copy and paste what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Stuttering , cold and damp Steal the warm wind tired friend Times are gone for honest men And sometimes far too long for snakes In my shoes , a walking sleep And my youth I pray to keep Heaven send Hell away No one sings like you anymore < PROPFEMALE > my head , drown my fear Till you all just disappear ringtones and media links 
There is a wound that's always bleeding There is a road I'm always walking And I know you'll never return to this place Gone through days without talking There is a comfort in silence So used to losing all ambition Struggling to maintain what's left Once undone , there is only smoke Burning in my eyes to blind To cover up what really happened Force the darkness unto me 
i let myself fall into a lie i let my walls come down i let myself smile and feel alive i let my walls come down no matter how i try i don't know why you push so far away you wrapped your hands tight around my heart and squeezed it full of pain with this knife i'll cut out the part of me the part that cares for you with this knife i'll cut out the heart of me the heart that cares for you 
How I drape my face with my bare hands The same that brought me here But you were beyond all help The folded message that wept my name Shadows skulk at my coming We survey the slopes In search for the words to write the missing < PROPFEMALE > The tainted dogma Time grows short As the < PROPFEMALE > plays his time We are almost there You are beyond all help Dancing into the void We are almost there 
I am just a worthless liar . I am just an imbecile . I will only complicate you . Trust in me and fall as well . I will find a center in you . I will chew it up and leave , I will work to elevate you just enough to bring you down . 
And did they get you trade Your heroes for ghosts ? Hot ashes for trees ? Hot air for a cold breeze ? Cold comfort for change ? And did you exchange A walk on part in the war For a lead role in a cage ? 
Computer is dead , feel free to send me messages or leave me wall posts 
Found a way to rid myself clean of pain\ 
And the fever that's been haunting me\ 
Has gone away\ 
\ 
Looking through my window\ 
I seem to recognize\ 
All the people passing by\ 
But I am alone\ 
And far from home\ 
And nobody knows me\ 
Never heard me say goodbye\ 
Never shall I speak to anyone again\ 
All days are in darkness\ 
And I'm biding my time\ 
Once I am sure of my task I will rise again 
I lost all I had ( that April day ) , I turned to my friends ( nothing to say ) , I wrote down a name ( and read it twice ) , I wallowed in shame . \ 
I said that I loved ( eternal schemes ) , I cling to my past ( like childish dreams)\ 
I promised to stay ( and held my breath ) I went far away . 
You're the fire That warms me when i'm cold You're the hand I have to hold as I grow old You're the shore When I am lost at sea You're the only thing That I like about me\ 
And in this world Where nothing else is true Here I am Still tangled up in you I'm still tangled up in you 
You see I'm tired of feeling this pain I'm tired of living my own little lie And it makes me wonder When I see you in my dreams Does it mean anything Are you trying to talk to me \ 
I'm a stranger in my home Tell me are you feeling alone Someone tell me what to do ' Cause I'm feeling strong And I wonder how you feel Do you realize my pain is for real I see you in my dreams And I wonder if you're looking down at me 
Deeper and deeper and deeper is all I'm turning to ! Living a life that seems to be a lost reality That can never find a way to reach my inner Self esteem is low ! How deep can I go in the ground that I lay ? If I don't find a way to see through the gray that clouds my mind . This time I look to see what's between the lines ! \ 
I can't see , I can't see , I'm going blind 
why\ 
does my heart cry ? feelings I can't fight . You're free to leave me , but just don't deceive me , and please believe me when I say \I love you \"" 
you can't fuck me because I am already fucked 
Look at me I'm so pathetic I can't believe I'm just an addict I've never needed anyone to help me I'm begging you to please come save me from myself , save me from myself 
Schizophrenic conversations that I'm always having with myself I hear these Voices in my head competing , maybe I could use a little help I still have Schizophrenic conversations when there's no one else around to hear I long for Solitude and peace within me , void of all the anger and the fear So crawl inside My head with me And I'll show you how it feels to be Fucked up like me I'll show you how it feels to be 
There was a time that the pieces fit , but I watched them fall away mildewed and smoldering , strangled by our coveting I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing Doomed to crumble unless we grow , and strengthen our communication 
Dragged down . Rubbing my face in the ground . No time for the undecided . I wanna know why I've always felt alone , I wanna love . Why am I untouchable ? Yeah , I'm gonna do it again ! Sick of my life . I'm tired of everything in my life . I never wanted to be sick of my life . I'm tired of everything in my life . 
my mind is like today . damp dark dreary as the rain falls outside beating , though it hits the ground i can feel it slipping away dying without decay dying like my soul from the inside out . i can only prey it won't be long it won't be long now it can't be long it can't be long now ... help me ... ( where do i go from here ? ) 
longest day EVER 
feel like shit , work tomorrow .. woopie ! 
Through the woods , a girl came sadly . Something broken in her chest . She had dared to love another . Alas , no better then the rest . Up my path a girl came gladly . Something opened up my doors . I longed to stop her bleeding heart . And so I called her to my shores . Those you trust will hurt you badly . Something now I'm sure you see . So drown your tears in me , my dear . As you drown , my dear , in me . 
