Happy New Year !!! 

is loving < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > life , can't wait to live here . 
is living it up . Found a place to live now all I'm missing is a job . I have the coolest college schedule ever ! One of my classes is coastal fishing !!! 
back in pd if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out before i move out hit me up . 
is really excited to move out !!! SB here I come . 
is leaving on the 8th or the 9th we'll see . 
is moving out Monday , I'll be in the desert today and saturday . 
is gonna go see GI < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
is loving life and learning independence . 
is hanging in Thousand Oaks . 
broke his leg . Most boring Halloween ever . T_T 
is getting used to broken leg life . 
Crap it does work ! haha FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left click and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works it works !!! 
Done with studying .... phew . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all y ... our friends if you want more privacy ! See More 
is wishing that his bones would mend a little faster . 
I'm in the desert is anyone doing anything ? 
Avatar is flipping amazing ! 
Pirate language officially made facebook like 6 times more fun lol . 
had a great Christmas with his family . 
Anyone know anything about the stabbing at the mall ? 
Happy New Year ! 
And this bird you cannot change ! 
bouncing from work at 7:30 , than kicking it with @ < PROPMALE > Trombley ! 
has been in the desert for way too long . 
Come on Massachusetts vote Brown ! 
got a 4 foot female ball python ... sweet dorm pet !!! 
2 year old chip dip - ftw ! 
heading back to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today !!! 
kicking it at my apartment talk to me on aim if you want : rockkng 
wants to open a laser tag arena/bar on state st. 
is back in the desert hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out . 
warcraft 3 < PROPFEMALE > party ! 
last final today ! 
back in the desert for graduation . 760 285 6871 
Its quake time , time to party ! 
just got Facebook jacked =D 
anything interesting happening tonight in the dirty d ? 
Bored in the mountains text if ya conversate : 760 285 6871 
This storm is gonna be hella crazy , wish me luck . It's looking pretty foreboding up here in the mountains . 
It has begun and Mother Nature is pissed ! 
Power surges anyone ? 
got a job at Petco ! 
First day of work went pretty good , my brain hurts from all the computer training tho lol . 
Up at 6 for work ... this will take some getting used to . 
beat tired from work today , time to kick it . 
is heading to work ! 
Busy day , time to chill . 
Cleaned the birdcages at work today one got out without me noticing and roamed the store for 3 hours * face palm * lol . 
Peace out ! 
Early morning horsebacking tomorrow should be fun ! 
That was a nice ride , great weather outside today . 
feels his mortality . 
Thanks for all the bday wishes everyone ! 
finally got his wheels back ! 
freakin loves lunchables . 
is going to bed work tomorrow , peace ! 
Anyone doing anything today I'm down chill ? 
Off to clean pens , peace home skillets ! 
Night FB homies . Haunted house tomorrow ! Hit me up if anyone wants to kick it sometime ! 
is sitting around at COD . Hit me up w/ a text if your here . 
Great first night at the haunted house . Scared a chick so bad she wanted my number lol . Exhausted . I'm going to sleep hope to see some of you there tomorrow ! 
THE GAME !!! 
On my way to COD 
Anyone at COD ? 
New Gorillaz album Plastic Beach = Awesome ! 
Got a full satin burgundy sheet and blanket set , a kick ass Sublime wallet to replace my ruined Pink < PROPMALE > one , a pair of nice hiking boots , and probably gonna get a Droid X soon ! All on top of sleeping in til 12 , I must say today rocked !!! 
We got thunder in the mountains ! 
Reptiles final wish me luck ! 
The lightning be bright and the thunder loud in the mountains . And breaking news just had the first power surge of the night ... and here comes the monsoon . Things cannot get better :) . 
Still storming in the mountains . I seriously need new windshield wipers ? 
At the haunted house come by and check it out first to mention my name gets in for free ! just say < PROPFIRST > the ghillie suit guy . 
Your love's like rhinestones falling from the sky ... 
Up and ready for another day of hustling . 
Hanging out at Cahuilla Point up 74 waiting for the field trip to begin ! 
Time to feed the snakes ! 
Haunting tonight , who's coming ?! 
Sitting in class ... Anyone doing anything tonight ? 
1 . something I learned from your wall in 13sec , 2 . a colour that reminds me of you 3 . My first memory of you 4 . An animal that reminds me of you 5 . Ask a question I've wondered about 6 . My favorite thing about you 7 . Give you a weird nickname and 8 . challenge you to post it . 
Goodnight FB . You actually proved very entertaining tonight . Text me if you got anyhting important to say . 
Haunted house tonight hit me up if your interested . 
If you haven't registered to vote the mail-in deadline is on Monday ! Let's get some fresh blood in Congress ! Yes on 19 ! 
Just got back from my fieldtrip up the tram . It was awesome I wanna go back soon ! 
Made origami cranes , flowers , and ninja stars out of reciept paper while cashiering today and passed them out to customers ... Karma : +10 
Woke up to my dog puking on my freshly washed bed spread ... FML 
Must do homework ... Facebook so tempting ... 
Haunted house rocked tonight ! I made a couple people fall down in fear ... awesome . Next year will be even better ! 
Yes on 19 !!! 
cannot stop finishing sentences with mang . 
cleaning pens . Oh the joys of ranch life . On a lighter note our chickens finally produced an egg today ! The sweet taste of success ... 
... so I got bit by a cat today , honestly it hurts a lot more than it should lol . 
Just woke up and now it's off to work . Have a rockin ' day everyone . 
Cut down a dead tree for firewood , had some < PROPFEMALE > Cream and coffee than took the dogs on a hike , than finished it off with a cold one . And the turkeys just starting to fill the house with delicious aroma ... good day . Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family love you guys and gals ! 
Contact me on Facebook , phones acting up . 
Free < PROPFIRST > Assange ! 
Yay school time ! ... T_T 
He punched the highlight out of her hair ! 
Straight A's this semester ! 
Bored ... who wants to do something ? 
working til 10 hit me up . 
Where all the New Year's parties at ? 
I frickin love my new droid x ! 
I feel a change is gonna come ! 
I think my flu is finally coming into full effect , here's hoping I feel good enough to hike tomorrow . 
Just realized most of my friends stay up as late as I do haha . 
The radio just < PROPMALE > rolled me !!! :O 
Cutting firewood , like a g . THE GAME ! 
School tomorrow ... Stoked ! 
If anyone has the books for Public Speaking with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at COD that they could let me borrow or buy for pretty cheap please let me know , thanks . 
Waiting on snakes to eat takes forever ... 
got a live original Doom background in which the doom guy kills all the demons , and you can drop him power ups . Badass . 
is haunting the Blackboard website , waiting for people to read my posts ... 
Hasty drops of water , \ 
Echoes of bird wings . 
Rung up < PROPMALE > Manilow at work today ! His dogs eat good , haha ! 
' s college books are slowly trickling in through the mail ... 
HW partay all day ... T_T 
Why must I be up so early ?! Oh right I live on a ranch ... 
Who's gonna be my < PROPFIRST > ? <3 
Anyone gonna be at COD from 12:30 - 4 that wants to chill ? 
Off to work , hit me up at Petco if your bored and in Palm Springs lol . 
Anyone at COD or nearby ? Bored ... 
Hard work good , and hard work fine but first take care of head . 
When you're strange , \ 
Faces come out of the rain , \ 
No one remembers your name , \ 
When you're strange . 
It's frickin hurricane < PROPFEMALE > at my house . 
I have been charged with writing a story line for this years haunted house however I'm having a little writers block . So ideas/scenes/rooms that would be ... 
Just scored a wine cooler to incubate my snake eggs in for 20 bucks !!! 
I llama 
Great idea ! \ 
\ 
http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2011/03/billboards-converted-to-swingsets.html 
All night HW binge ... and gotta get ready for work in an hour and 30 . Fun ! 
Time to feed the animals . 
60 seconds and counting 
Mango Banana Orange Smoothie <3 
Anyone interested in getting a Catahoula Leopard Dog puppy ? 
