guesses he'll just keep moving . Someday , maybe he'll get to where he's going . 

is left with only mirrors watching him . 
is an unfortunate slight . 
won't condone another moan when everything is fine . As for smoke without fire , he's already laid in the flames . 
is a cat . He's a < PROPFEMALE > cat . And he dance , dance , dance . And he dance , dance , dance . 
would like to say he is surprised , but reoccurrence tends to dull the senses . 
is not gonna bless you with such compliments , some degrading psalm of praise , like the kind that converted you to him so long ago . 
is reading Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics . He'll be busy for a while . 
remembers when he moved in you . The holy dark was moving too . And every breath he < PROPFIRST > was hallelujah . 
may tire you , because he's not the boy he used to be . 
sorts through old photographs of a summer long ago and friends used to know . All eyes on the calender . Devoted friends , they disappear . 
hears music once again . 
doesn't know much about you kid , but he likes you because you're true blue . 
knows that it's not a party if it happens every night . Pretending there's glamour and candelabra when you're drinking by candlelight . 
needs a good job NOW and would greatly appreciate if anyone knew someone that is hiring ... 
thinks he's cured . Matter of fact he's sure . Thank you stranger for your therapeutic smile . 
doesn't mind the sun sometimes , the images it shows . 
has become the Middleman . The gray areas are his . The in-between , the absentee is a beautiful disguise . 
just remembered , remembered the fifth of november ... ed ? 
wishes he could . 
will struggle through the rest of the day with the aid of a 5 hour energy shot . Two hours of sleep never hurt so much . 
is reading the Glass Menagerie in the library . There's a reason Tennessee < PROPMALE > is a legend . :) 
is quite tired after another rehearsal , but < PROPFEMALE > is looking to be an awesome show ! 
finally joined the modern < PROPFEMALE > and got a twitter . Follow him if you wish . username : chrispreslar 
puts his fingers on keys and he plays . And everything else goes away ... 
I'm ready to get out of this rut . I need to feel alive again . 
Caution : Prancing gay boys . 
had an amazing night ! Love for those who really care ! 
is watching Mame ! :) 
wants to put his baby niece in a turkey costume ! :) 
is thankful he has a mother who cooks the food of the gods all day . Now to dishes . :) 
Celtic Woman is on PBS . Hell yeah ! 
( Will sits on whoopi cushion ) Karen : Uh-oh ! Did someone just inherit the wind ? Priceless !!! 
just lost a bet . Now he must clean Gabe's house in a maid's outfit . No cameras please . 
is doing well but has a mound of work and studying to do before semester is over . All A's and B's are in reach . :) 
wants to < PROPMALE > the < PROPFEMALE > on an all-night avenue . 
Am I sweating ? I think I'm sweating ! When is that assignment due ?! AAAAAAAAAAAARGH !!!! 
must get himself out ... must get himself out ... must get himself out ... 
A 98 on my Psych final ?! How did I pull that off ?! 
never trusts a heart that's so bent it can't break . 
Since the operation , I heard you're breathing just for one . 
would like to feel the Christmas spirit , but hasn't found much to be joyous about . 
has to drive all the way to < PROPMALE > tomorrow to see Nine . Fucking Hicksville movie theatre ! 
found his Rent song ! 
Anybody know of anything going on in Huntsville tonight ? 
I guess I have no choice but to work my life away for now . 
My phone still works . :) 
is the reoccuring kind . 
missed class again because of parking . Called the parking division to discover they're taking away more parking to put more buildings up . Anybody know where the president parks so I can key his car ? 
A stranger can part the clouds with a smile and a wave . 
My dear adversary , just because you prowl our territory with the eye of a hawk doesn't mean you'll catch us . We are smarter than you . 
I'll be your friend , you just haven't made me yet . 
Don't be so amazing or I'll miss you too much . 
Better find yourself somewhere to level out . 
Twisted . 
No , thank you . I don't have to pay for this shit . 
Heading over to the party . Let's do this shit , bitches ! We worked hard enough ! 
When I say let's keep in touch , I really mean I wish that you'd grow up . 
Got lost in the snow-covered wilderness with the person that makes me smile most . Sometimes , I'm actually content . 
I realize I give off the impression of a thief with my dark clothes and bag on my arm , but Target should seriously consider training their undercover shoppers in discretion . 
Move forward now , the time to rest is done . But where are your keys ? Movement requires motion . 
We are creatures of the wind . Wild is the wind . 
Cleaning can be so therapeutic . 
To quote my mother , \I've been pimpin ' all morning . \"" 
Got another job ! Things are looking up . 
Who let Miley < PROPMALE > into the Oscars ? 
Who would have ever thought < PROPFEMALE > would win an < PROPFIRST > ? This is glorious ! 
You could be happy . I hope you are . 
I am thankful that someone actually receives the prize that was promised by all those < PROPFEMALE > tales that drugged us . 
Am I lost without you ? I pray that I'm not . 
Each time you turn a corner , you're right back where you were . And your only hope is that forgetting might make a door appear . 
I've seen the day of your awakening , and it's coming soon . 
Work was slow ; tips were shit . I'm hoping for a nice evening . 
I'm not going to bless you with such compliments , some degrading song of praise like the one that converted you to me so long ago . 
I guess I somehow missed the train . 
What I am to you , you do not need . 
Pass me by ; I'll be fine . Just give me time . 
Researching for a brand new future is daunting . So many options lie ahead . 
Though being away from school has been good for me , too much personal time can have negative effects . I clearly need a hobby . 
Playing with Photoshop can only bring so much entertainment . 
Sleep has eluded me . Boo . 
Oh , the wonderful irony of the \Easter\ " < PROPFEMALE >!" 
I hate closing at work and then opening the next morning . Especially if I can't sleep during the night in between . 
Nobody is ordering . Guess everyone still has leftover rabbit . 
I have learned that nothing is as pressing as the one who's pressing would like you to believe . So , I'm content to walk a little slower . 
I really need to stick to a sleep schedule . 
< PROPFIRST > Burnett has still got it ! 
Food handlers course . WOOT ! Three hours of proper handwashing ! 
What a tragic disappointment this place is . Anyone have a one-way ticket out of here ? I'll do anything . 
You wander around so doubtful darling . Its no ones job to reassure you . 
My profile has been hacked . Disregard any weird posts from me . 
I had a wonderful evening at Mrs. < PROPMALE>'s . Nice to see everyone again . 
What a fantastic night ! And it's only just begun . 
I sat watching a flower as it was withering . I was embarrassed by it's honesty . 
Cooking up some bruschetta and pasta . Vivate ! 
If you don't snag him < PROPFEMALE > , I will . :) 
Are you sure this is what you want ? I'm not . 
I am overwhelmed by the fact that I have no idea what I want to do with my life anymore . 
I am the god of ditziness . Statues should be erected in my honor . 
Your only hope is that forgetting might make a door appear . 
Dazed and Confused makes my Huntsville generation seem like a failure . 
Going to sit outside and enjoy the rain . 
We were meant to be creatures of the soil , not creatures of the concrete . 
Your constant need for reassurance is tiring . 
The film De-Lovely is ... well , lovely ! It's hard to find that kind of class nowadays . 
Does anyone know of good job opportunity in < PROPFIRST > ? 
I'm halfway through Water for Elephants . I can't put it down . 
How can I miss what has yet to occur ? 
I think you lost what you loved in that mess of details . 
I wouldn't bring up my so badly broken heart and all those months of just wanting to sleep . Spring it did come slowly ; I guess it did it's part . My heart has thawed and continues to beat . 
You get six months to adapt . Then you get two more to leave town . And in the event that you do adapt , we still might not want you around . 
A little sun is good for the soul . 
I'm making a deal with the devils of fate , saying , \Let me walk away . Please ! \"" 
Living it up with < PROPFEMALE > Webb ! 
The party's tonight ! 
Party is already bumping . Why arent you ? 
I appreciate everyone whos actually here . Thank you so much for celebrating with me . 
Leaving . Just fucking leaving . Taking my money and running . So few love me here . Fuck the rest . Peace Cuntsville . Ill miss you not . 
You said you don't want me to beg . Then you said , \Get down on your knees . \ " Cause you knew that I would if I'd do any good satisfying your needs . " 
Today I begin the third decade of my life . Here's to hoping it's the best yet ! 
Thank you to everyone for your wonderful birthday wishes ! 
Smile at me and I will stay . Start to cry and I'll go away . Just please don't keep me guessing . 
Just saw the newest episode of Nurse < PROPFIRST > . Now to United States of < PROPFEMALE > . God , to act on Showtime ! 
I is one sick kitteh ! Too bad my boss is still making me work . 
< PROPMALE > Hansard = My new love affair . 
Eyes that know me ; I can't go back . 
You have suffered enough and warred with yourself . Its time that you won . 
Not to show that I'm in need , but I'd heal your wounds if you bleed . 
Apologies . Candid is in my nature . 
Reading the Perks of Being a Wallflower again . I never get tired of this book . 
I would die for you . But I won't live for you . 
Read the Perks of Being a Wallflower cover to cover yesterday . Gonna try to do the same with Water for Elephants today . 
I just got a thirty five dollar tip for driving two blocks . The Universe must be smiling on me . 
The hills are alive with the sound of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's 1:18 AM . Do you know where your mind is ? 
My dear slumber , no one likes a flighty friend . 
Trust me zach tatom , you dont wanna find me . I may have cared for you once but thats not stoping me from making you hurt if you come after me OR < PROPFEMALE > . 
I could rest but duty is calling . 
I am unbelievably thankful for every single one of you . You know who you are . 
Drown out the voice that breaks the silence and talks the joy out of everything . You were burned out and had to walk in darkness without the only thing you care about . You found your way and blocked it out . Cry alone and die alone . Pray alone and stay alone . 
August 16 can not come soon enough . And if you don't know the event of which I speak you are an inferior being . :) 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > in the morning for the weekend . I will hopefully return as the proud tenant of a new apartment . 
Stepped out of the car and breathed in fresh air . I believe I'm in < PROPFIRST > . 
I would split me muff for jigglypuff . 
Twenty four hour diner on the strip . What a great way to end my first day in < PROPFIRST > . 
Spider House was great . Filled out an application . Now to Rain for a little fun . I can't wait to move here . 
Scratch Rain . At Kasbah smoking on a hooka . 
Tire blew out today . There went the rest of my vacation money . But we spent the day on SoCo and swam for free . Who needs money ? 
Watched the sunrise on the drive home . Now to sleep until this evening . 
We may not have it all together but together we can have it all . 
Long time overdue : I cancelled my MySpace . 
One of the most stunning revelations a psychologist comes to is the fact that they aren't above the rules of their field . 
Going to see the midnight premiere of the Last Airbender ! WATER TRIBE BITCHES ! 
The Last Airbender was wonderful ! Thank you Nickolodeon for lessons in spirituality . LOL 
Plans are set in motion . Opportunity lays itself before me . Everything is going so well ! 
\In wildness is the preservation of the world . \"" 
Quidditch was intense . Cops showed up because they thought we were hazing . LOL 
Revisiting memories with the ones I once called family makes me remember how much joy life can bring . 
This method acting , I call it living . 
What would it take for things to be quiet ? 
I took off my shoes and walked into the woods . I felt lost and found with every step I took . 
Its official . I signed my lease and will be moving to < PROPFIRST > August 21 . 
Viewing the large amount of online job listings in the < PROPFIRST > area eases some of the anxiety of finding a job when I move . 
Inception was terrific ! 
Oh , my stars ! < PROPFIRST > Pollan's the Botany of < PROPFEMALE > is profound ! 
And let him run , run as fast as he can . Don't let him grow up to be like his father , heart so set in stone and a smile so undercover and opening the door to love , never letting love in . 
When I look through the photographs and I see the smile on your face , I remember how you used to feel and I see how much has changed . 
I'm dying for an adventure . I can't just do nothing . 
Just when I thought I might get some sleep ... 
I don't think so mista sista ! 
You see your gypsy ! 
BOONDOGGLES ! 
Woops . 
Someday < PROPFEMALE > , Joy Behar is gonna deck you one . 
Don't worry , < PROPMALE > . It'll all work out . You'll see already . In the end , it's all nice . 
Time to stop procrastinating . I'm not going to rest until I know my new life is secure . 
I got a job before I even moved ! That was too easy . :) 
Two weeks and counting . So many thoughts are running through my mind . 
Friends , I haven't much time left here . Contact me . I would like to see you before I leave . 
And I think to myself , what a wonderful world . 
I don't remember the last time I woke up this early . 
The service went wonderfully . RIP Mooney . 
Not only do I already have a job , but I found out last night I will be working full time . I is wealthy kitteh ! 
You just can't live in that negative way . Make way for the positive day . 
I wish I was going back to school this semester . 
Praise ( insert respective deity here) ! I am HIV NEGATIVE . 
In case you didn't get a text from me last night , I'm asking everyone to come to Lizard's tonight for a sort of undeclared going away party . It might be the last time I get to see all of you before I leave Saturday morning . 
Thank you friends for the time we've shared . My love stays with you like sunlight and air . Though I truly wish I could keep hanging around here , my joy is covering me . Soon I will disappear . 
Successfully moved in . Now let's see what this city has to offer . 
I think I'm going to love it here . 
I've had a horrible day . :( 
I guess I should have listened when they said the idle mind is the devil's playground . 
\What a liberation to realize the ' voice in my head ' is not who I am . \"" 
Where have all the flowers gone ? Long time passing . Oh , when will they ever learn ? 
I now have only two degrees of separation from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
If Godric were still around today , I'd drive to < PROPFIRST > and let him turn me in an instant . 
If anyone heres about job opportunities around the city , please LET ME KNOW . 
Looking forward to spending time with my lovely friends tonight ! 
I'm all smiles . 
Headed back to Huntsville for a few days to get a wisdom tooth removed . 
I promise I'm going to make time to see my Huntsville friends . I just need to get better first . 
Going under the knife tomorrow morning . I'll be able to visit everyone Saturday . 
Surgery was a success ! Now I just wish my blood would clot already . 
Maybe it's just my meds but S^2C has got me all teary-eyed . 
My momma , < PROPFEMALE > Preslar , is taking such good care of me this week . 
I call upon the element of Fire to get my ass moving ! 
You're not really sure what you're doing this for , but you need something to fill up the days . 
With forgiveness , your victim identity dissolves , and your true power emerges - the power of Presence . 
Is anyone else excited about \The Borgias\ " coming to Showtime ? " 
Trust in those who offer you service and you will often find yourself in the ranks of those who have been deceived . 
Is anyone else having trouble with Facebook ? 
Good morning , weekend ! 
A chill in the air warms my heart . 
Woo ! Disney character as a profile picture week ! Clearly , I'm Megara . 
I'm a damsel . I'm in distress . I can handle it . Have a nice day ! :) 
I can see a lot of life in you . 
< PROPFIRST > Buble , you have my heart . 
I wish Spiderhouse released mix CD's . 
Balkan Beat Box is funky ! :) 
Oh my god ! TRF is just around the corner !!! 
Who works for < PROPFEMALE > in Disguise ? < PROPFIRST > does ! 
I am up way too early for comfort . 
Oh , what a wonderful first day ! I'm going to love this job . 
Does anyone at TRF know a more efficient way to contact < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? Phone perhaps ? 
My boyfriend is the sexiest werewolf ever ! 
You think my happiness is my way of defeating you ? Don't believe everything in that diary of yours . 
I know I'm a couple minutes late for NATIONAL COMING OUT DAY , but I like guys ! 
Drown out the voice that breaks the silence and talks the joy out of everything . 
Pulling an open to close today at work . God , < PROPMALE > me the strength . 
I read a comic book and liked it . So < PROPFEMALE > me ! 
has an awesome boyfriend :-) 
I need an adventure in the sun . 
I want to start waking up earlier so I can take in more sunlight . Being a night owl isn't healthy for me . 
Hey Huntsville dumbasses ! The answers no . I don't have HIV . You people are pathetic . 
Where has my heart gone ? An uneven trade for the real world . I want to go back to believing in everything and knowing nothing at all . 
When I finally get that degree in my hands ( if I ever do ) , I hope all this financial heartache will be worth it . 
Back on the job hunt again . Any information would be sincerely appreciated . 
Happy Samhain ! 
< PROPFIRST > is so cute while he works . I'm getting ideas that involve ice cream . 
I don't feel well at all . 
I've been sleeping for three days straight . I think today I'll feel better . 
Holy Schick , I've grown a beard . 
These are days we dream about , when the sunlight paints us gold . 
I never thought I could fall in love with life again . I now believe in second chances . 
It makes a difference that I'm feeling this way , with plenty to think about , so little to say . Except for this confession , that is poised on my lips . 
Wish me luck , everyone ! I've got an interview at Fossil . 
Tool is epic ! That is all . 
< PROPFEMALE > Streisand loving flower kitties ! 
Now that I've told my family , I can tell the world : I'm enlisting in the Air Force by January . 
I'm gonna soldier through this ASVAB study guide and be the most intelligent airman in my flight ! 
My hair's so short ! I haven't looked this butch in ... well , ever ! 
The day has arrived ! Stick it to them death eaters ! Woo hoo ! I'm on a Potter adrenaline rush ! 
Two hours to go ! I think I'm gonna nap until the previews . 
I'm trying to be assertive . I'm making plans . Wanna rise to the occasion , meet all their demands . But all I do is just lay in bed and hide under the covers . 
So , the < PROPFIRST > theatre scene . Yeah ... where is it ? I want to start auditioning . 
I'm sober at a club full of drunk people . This is comedy , my friends . 
Whatcha wailing about , Bjork ? 
Looks like I'm working for Domino's again . 
< PROPFIRST > and I should be in Huntsville Tuesday . 
Putting on some folk Pandora and doing some therapeutic cleaning . :) 
So I stumble home at night , like I've stumbled through my life , with ghosts and visions in my sight . We are always living in twilight . 
I am thankful for my mother , < PROPFEMALE > Preslar , my boyfriend , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > O'Bryant , the rest of my family , my friends ( new and old ) and second chances . 
< PROPFIRST > Buble , please go back to jazz . This pop junk just isn't cutting it . 
Though we may end , water flows and trees still bend . 
I got the job ! I'm waiting tables at Macaroni Grill . 
This day has been super productive . It feels fantastic to get things done . 
I'm gonna sing the doom song now ! Doom doom doomdoom doom ! 
LOL . I vastly overestimated traffic and arrived for work fifty minutes early . 
Took the wrong bus and ended up riding for three hours to get home . 
After an hour on hold , my phone is working again . 
I dropped my first tray today at work . Happens to everyone so I'm not worried . 
I have to go ou-OOOOT tonight ! No but seriously . I've earned it . 
I hate when I'm off but < PROPFIRST > is at work . I'd much rather be working right now . 
Though I may not have money , I will have a good Christmas this year . 
Come away O human child to the waters and the wild with a faery hand in hand , for the world's more full of weeping than you can understand . 
Oh curious straight boy ! You hold no sway . I've dealt with one too many of you . 
My legs are killing me , I haven't eaten all day , but I broke a hundred today in tips . Life is grand ! 
Has anyone else noticed that the full < PROPFEMALE > will be here on the solstice ? 
It's a marvelous night for a moondance . 
I so enjoy my lunch break when I work doubles . 
It feels so wonderful to have my car back . Thank you , Brandyn . 
Bought a pair of TOMS today . My feet are thanking me . 
A beautiful day on the river in San < PROPFIRST > . 
I've begun to feel a little restless here . I think I might make another change this summer . It's a possibility . 
\Mom couldn't be more gay-friendly if she twirled a baton up < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boulevard in a < PROPFEMALE > costume ! \"" 
Perhaps I should have ... 
Ill ... again ! This isn't normal . 
Looks like I must call in again today . If I lose my job , I'm suing my immune system . 
My PCP operates in the same office as an acupuncturist and an herbalist . I love this city . 
Gays ! EVERYWHERE ! Its like a snakepit . Not in a bad way . Just a plethera of sybalent s's . 
We're all searching for a better way to feel alive . 
You believed in your fairytale endings , now you find yourself down on your knees , like a rock that's been changed by the ocean , or a shipwreck lost out at sea . 
Everyone's going back to class . I hoped I'd be with them . Guess I still have some penance left to endure . 
I miss SHSU Theatre . I'm starting to think I want to go back to finish what I started . 
The dog days are over ; the dog days are done . Can you hear the horses ? Cause here they come ! 
Waterline is broken at work . I actually wanted to work today . How ironic . 
It is true . Hell is other people . But I no longer fear the flame . 
Got to work fourty five minutes early . 
And in that moment , we were infinite . 
Good morning world ! 
To remember nothing . What more could one possibly ask of eternity ? 
Middle eastern gas station attendant attempting to speak like a college dudebro made my day . 
Please , God . I just want to go back to school . 
Careful , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Your voice has a habit of blasting my clothes off my body . 
I'll be in Huntsville tomorrow and Wednesday . Hoping to see some old friends . 
It's my boyfriend's birthday Thursday . Make him happy or incur my wrath . 
I am such a nerd . I'm completely absorbed in the History Channel's program on the Knights Templar . 
It's my boyfriend's birthday . I love you < PROPFIRST > . 
Working doubles all weekend . They should just let me have a bed at work . 
To be clear , my current predicament is overwhelming ; however , I have a grand journey ahead of me and in that I am content . 
In this , I see God . 
The new Bright Eyes album is wonderful . Conor has grown and flourished . 
I don't know if I'll make it , but watch how good I'll fake it . 
Stay awhile my inner child . I'd like to learn your trick , know what makes you tick , nurse you when you're sick . 
Memories are nice , but that's all they are . 
I used to dream of time machines . Now it's been said we're post-everything . 
Cucumber martini . Divinity in a glass . 
I don't know if I can stand another hand upon you . All I know is that I should . Cause he will love you more than I could , he who dares to stand where I stood . 
So knock me down , tear me up . I would bear it all , broken , just to fill my cup . 
Next time I'll be braver . I'll be my own saviour , standing on my own two feet . 
Nope . Not sleeping . That's for sure . 
A lovely evening at the hookah lounge with my dearest friends . 
That's the problem : an empty sky . I fill it up with everything that's missing from my life . 
It was wonderful to have met you , if only for a moment . 
I want to get caught in a rainstorm out in the countryside and let it wash away my cares . 
Today , I meet God ! 
We've been camped out since early this morning here at the Bright Eyes show . I'm at the front and I'M NOT MOVING . 
Conor Oberst hugged me ! 
Spring has returned , bringing new life . 
To all the people who screwed me in tips tonight ( which is every table I took ): you must have a horrible life to be rude to and rip off a young adult who is struggling to make something of himself . I pity you . 
