It is a double pleasure to deceive the deceiver . 

A couple drinks . A couple aspirin . Repeat . 
Whoa . I'm hearing voices . 
Vicodin isn't even helping . 
Iiiiiiiiiiii'm gonna take up knitting on my next day off ^_^ 
Your heart is my piñata . 
I need to rebel against myself . It's the opposite of following your bliss . I need to do what I most fear . 
You have got to be kidding me . PR ? Puhlease . 
Nooooooo . My Vika Manne is goneeeeeee :( 
Scarred for life . 
2H in 42F . 
< PROPFEMALE > batgirl . 
Half shinobi master ninja ! 
bhullar . 
Delay is the antidote for anger . 
Generation failure . 
Stay sane inside insanity . 
Is finally done ? 
Self hypnotism = bad idea 
You're even better than i could have ever dreamed of . 
Embracing a whole new lifestyle ? 
I need a fix ' cuz i'm going down . 
Stuck . 
Same situation under different circumstances . 
Out of control . 
is now a raw foodist ^_^ 
Every master was once a disaster . 
Ridiculously disgusting day . 
God damnit i can't die today ! I have a < PROPMALE > exam tomorrow ! Hello 1st official panic attack . 
does not like her Microsoft-loving family . 
is getting plastered . 
Thanks for the birthday greetings everyone ? 
Maternity store next to the lingerie store . 
Guy on bus crapped himself . Not sure if i'm gonna laugh or throw up . Or both . I do know that this is the last bus i'll ever be in though . 
Taking my beautiful momma out for lunch . Happy 46th mom i love you ! 
Family's reminiscing about guam . Oh guam i miss you . 
If you haven't yet , watch Season 3 Episode 2 of Leverage : The Reunion Job . My boy < PROPFEMALE > Bhullar's national television debut . Should have done this an hour ago but i didn't wanna miss a second of it . 
Motivated . But needs inspiration . 
Guinisang Sayote i need you right now . 
Right eye , meet glycerin . My god this stings so bad . I want my momma :( 
needs a being-an-older-sister handbook . 
is a very angry driver . 
All i need now is a yorkie and my life shall be complete . 
Done , son ! 
Definitely not loving the new neighbors . 
Made out with an agar plate today . Yummy . 
Yay for more job offers ! Psychology , i always knew you and i were meant to be together . 
I like it on the carpet , but today I had it in the passenger seat of my car . 
Must crap ALWAYS happen during the oh so important 24 hour period before a < PROPMALE > exam ? Yep ... 
13 points higher than the class average . Oh yeahhhh . 
Brownies , chai , & anatomy ??? 
sick :( 
I really really really need to run . 
\Sudoku was made to keep people like you from taking over the world . \"" 
Tumor , rubor , calor & dolor . 
I hate the fact that i'm such an unbelievably reliable person . 
Video games all day tomorrow with my super awesome Bhullar !! 
craving a volcano burrito . 
? facetime for < PROPMALE > ! 
Ending A&P & Micro has got to be one of the most depressing things i am about to go through . What am i gonna stress out about now ?! :( 
My new class is sooooo zen . Such intricate , beautifully detailed work , and it's all done by me . Yay for anatomy geeks . 
