Ahh !! im < PROPFEMALE > bored 

Goin to bed :) good night everyone 
Can finally die my hair , and ima get it cut this weekend :)) 
Omg schools so freakin over whleming !! i cant take all this crap 
Best night ever man . I love you guys so much :) 
Things might get a lil better .. if im lucky 
man .. my right hand always get cold when im on the computer lol 
Good morning facebook :) i hope everyone has a good Monday 
hmm , Alright then ... 
Actually got to watch CMA's hahaha Goodnight everyone :) weeks almost over 
omg i hate being sick !! 
Wants to go somewhere .. im < PROPFEMALE > boredman . and i really need to gt my mind off things 
Super tired this week man , and freakin < PROPFIRST > put me in a submission hold and hurt my arm :( anyways .. goodnight 
Goodnight Everone :) I hope you all have a Great Thanks Giving tomarrow 
Finished my homework yo :) for 2mrw anyway .. 
Goodnight everyone :) i hope you all have a good monday 
Man .. I wish i cud help :[ but i dont im very much help . Goodnight everyone 
I can transform ya :D hahaha 
plan A !! 
No school for me today :) Thank god , im in the worst mood for school right now 
im soooo bored !! 
did anyone have Hotz on Friday ?? 
I wanna go down Cjristmas Tree < PROPFIRST > :( 
Gonna go check the mail : 0 hahaha 
Its been like the best week ever because of you :] 
Well , At least today ended fairly good :] 
Someone come shoot me lmao 
Goodmorning Facebook :) im super bored lol 
Well my long weekend is over lmao back to school 2mrw :) 
Ahh , i have a lot of homework lol 
This week < PROPFEMALE > by so fast , im happy its the weekend 
I got my permit :D hahaha 
omg im so bored lol someone talk to me 
made $20 babysitting today haha crazy .. 
Follow me on twitter :) www.twitter.com/SamanthaPunkin 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Aunt < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Gosh school takes forever !! Im so tired , and i still have drivers training from 4-6 :/ 
Going to bed very soon , im exausted 
Revoltution is when lizards turn into birds !! Lmao :D 
Wants to do somethin today , but doesnt know wat .. 
Omg !! Im so bored i hate this class :/ 
Biggest blonde moment ive ever had lmao they ride bears in the rodeo ? Wat ? Hahaha 
I wish i cud tell u how i really felt .. But wats the point it probly doesnt matter . I just want it to be me and you .. 
ust got back from the Clovis Rodeo :) Yeehaaa lol 
I Guarantee that we will have problems , I guarantee that at one point someone will want out . But wat I also guarantee is that if I don’t ask u to be mine .. I will regret it for the rest of my life :) 
Happy Cinco de mayo lol we shudnt have school on this day haha 
Omg !! I dont freakin know how to do this ! 
Cant wait for school to be over :) 
Im becomming a pro at making friendship bracelets :D haha 
had to trim my hair again today :/ and got it dyed 
I cant believe im still sick !! Ahhhh lol 
Well im getting a little better . Sorry for getting anyone sick haha i didnt mean too 
Did i say i was getting better ? I take that back :( lol Still sick .. 
You are the < PROPFEMALE > .. and I am the One that is Praying 
dTired of people telling me wat i can and cant do !! U think ur perfect and that everything is easy ? Well ur not and u have no idea . Try putting urself i 
dn my position 
I cant believe todays already Thursady haha Had a good day :) 
Today was a good day :) Wat in the world am i gona do over summer without you ? :/ lol 
Cant wait im < PROPFEMALE > excited :) 
Omg schools over 2mrw :( Im having mixed feelings about this .. Its not enough time , im gona miss everyone 
Cant wait to get up at 4am 2mrw Haha .. Not lol but its gona be amazin :) 
Ahh , finally home . I get to sleep in my own bed again lmao 
Wish i cud get out of the house right now .. Im tired of hearing them 
Hmm , so lazy today lol i guess i have a right to be 
Lolipop flavored chicken :D 
I hope i made the right choice :/ 
I'm all out of words cuz im sure it'll never last <3 
The phrenic nerve of my diaphram is irritated lol and its irritating me haha 
Zunes are freakin amazing lmao ima steal my dads ;) haha 
I guess im just gona fail my freakin drivers test cuz i never get to drive anywhere !!!!!!!!!!! 
I like ur status ashlyee !! Lmao 
Im < PROPFEMALE > happy to be home !!! haha 
Gona be 16 in two days :) Haha I cant wait 
just waiting for your call .. <3 
Had the best dream ever from thinking of the perfect night . <3 
Tuck Everlasting is the cutest but sadest movie ever . lol I love it <3 
Just sprayed my self in the face with the sprayer on the sink lmao wtf ? 
Man my phones freakin gay , i never get all my messages 
wellll .. ( 1)chemistry keehnel ( 2)Algebra2 Guzman ( 3)Spanish2 sanchez ( 4)US history < PROPMALE > ( 5)English3 Guzman ( 6) T.A. Kelejian ( 7)Womens choir ( east ) ( 8)PE Samhammer 
Omg im < PROPFEMALE > bored Idk wat to do 
Why doesnt anyone ever write me back :/ 
Going clothes shopping for back to school <3 . Excited about the shopping part , school not so much lol 
Hasnt been in such a good mood lately :/ 
I REALLY need to stop sleep texting .. lol 
< PROPFEMALE > , im thinking about getting my hair in layers and dying the underneath like a dark red .. wat do you think ?? might get it done 2mrw 
Getting my hair done (: really nervous lol 
Hate my hair , waist of 4 hours and a lot of money 
Well first day was good i guess haha Had a headache all day tho 
Is thinking about switching schools :/ 
Needs help with keehnels chemistry homework , anyone wanna help ? 
I wish u wud just open up and let me in .. <3 
Dance Dance like its the Last Last night of your Life Life life life life life . Lmao 
Someone said Hi to me today .. and I had noo iea who they were lmao 
Idk wat to do now ... 
Hmm , well today was really rough .. But i think ill be okay 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > happy that I have the friends i have to get me thru the hardest times 
Ok Fresno is Oficially the worst place In California lol I thot I was gonna Die today !!! 
Mmmk , lets see if you can actually prove me wrong 
Met < PROPFEMALE > many guys in the office today Lmao Them bad boys haha 
Dont tell me you love me , bcuz you obviously dont know wat love is .. 
Hopes I did the right thing .. I guess i'll find out 
Here we go again , I kinda wanna be more than friends . <3 
So , Today i found out that apparently .. I talk slow ? 
Love is \evol \"" 
It takes 2 to make this work .. and right now i feel alone 
Hearts are not to be had as a gift , hearts are to be earned <3 
Hmmm , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out 2mrw night ? 
Gonna celebrate the cool weather today lol 
It really bothers me when a guys tell u how he really really wants to see you , but wont come see you , and tells you to go see him .. 
Needs help on my math homework :( 
http://formspring.me/samanthawhoo 
Had a really good day today (: 
Spring morning rain Heal the wounds in me , on me , the battle is won im not coming home . A Skylit Drive <3 
Alarm goes off , i hit snooze .. It goes off again , i turn that shit off lol 
Well there goes my last fuckin charger .. The xenon phones suck ass 
Man .. Idk who to ask to Sadies <3 
Playing my guitar makes me feel < PROPFEMALE > much better <3 
Wasnt today a beautiful day ? lol 
Maybe i know somewhere deep in my soul , that love never lasts .. 
Does anyone wanna do something this weekend ? Or tonight ? Im < PROPFEMALE > bored 
Just made a skype account cuz im bored lol 
Today was a good day (: 
Haha wow .. Thats the first time ive ever been called childish lol 
Its so exciting whe you have < PROPFEMALE > much in common with someone :) 
Whos going to the pool party for club 350 ? 
You are .. The only Exception <3 
Had a Pretty good day today :) 
Im tired of making other people happy .. I want to be happy 
I dont feel like getting ready today lol But i wanna go get a monster .. Wat to do lol 
Got my guitar back :D lol 
I need my license already :/ 
I will love and have no fear <3 
I love Eminem <3 :D 
I hate getting migrains everyday 
I think the name < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman has a nice ring to it ;) lol 
Wish me luck :D hopefully i get my license lol 
Is now able to legally drive :D lol 
The fall concert was amazing lastnight , everyone did great :) 
Whoever says i cant sing hasnt heard me :p 
Worst freakin day every :( 
Thank god its Friday 
Me and my dads grocery list consists of chocolate icecream and milk :) lmao I love my dad 
Go Giants ! (: 
Just wants to be alone with you <3 
Giant are freakin amazing :D 
Had the best weekend ive had in a looong time :) 
Been thinking a lot .. 
So happy you came into my life (: 9/25/10 <3 
Excited for thanksgiving and black Friday :D 
well , my car was totally frozen today .. Hopefully 2mrw is better and i can actually drive it 
I can't wait for this semester to end and have a three week vacation !! 
Im desperately trying to find a car that will do better on gas :/ 
So bored .. Eating sour skittles and drinking a monster lol 
Busy week ahead , Spanish Project that i havent started , choir concert , plus watever homework I get . Cant wasit till vaccation 
Is it seriously foggy everywhere eles but here !?! I hate Fresno . 
The things i have to sit through 6th block ... 
This week needs to hurry up and be OVER before I lose wat sanity I have left lol 
Tired of people using me for my car and expecting me to waste gas just cuz they wanna go somewhere , no thank you or anything 
Made it through the first semester with A's and B's :D Im proud of myself 
Listening to some good music with my dad :) Thinking about the good ' ol days . 
Its crazy that you can love someone < PROPFEMALE > much <3 
Wats someone to do something for me .. Just once 
Day 1 of vaccation : Nothing to Do 
Gets to see my Love tomorrow :) 
Got my christmas shopping done today :) 
Its so hard haviong divorced parents when it comes to holidays .. Wat am i supposed to do hmm ? 
Haha the Titanic makes me cry every time :) 
Ugh , how dare you freakin even have the nerve to txt me 
Customer service takes forever !! lol 
Well getting things set for formal :) now wat will < PROPMALE > wear ? Haha 
I gotta dye my hair back to brown :/ lol 
I should write a book .. lol 
I wanna go on a date with my Love <3 I need a job 
I hate my hair .. I feel so ugly with it like this 
Excited for formal :) I just hope everything works out 
Everyone dies , But not everyone lives . 
ive had a headache for two days straight man .. not cool 
I put tea in my cereal this morning :/ lmao 
I love you more than any spoken , wirtten , or typed words can describe <3 
Didnt get out of bed at all today .. Think tomorrows gonna be the same :/ Goodnight facebook 
Ugh .. I havent been this helpess or miserable in a long time :/ 
Dad : < PROPFIRST > !! Quit being a loaner on Facebook and come here . \ 
Me : Haha im not a loaner I have 320 friends ! ... Jerk lol\ 
Dad : Haha and you think I'm crazy .. \ 
Me : Hey ! you are crazy haha 
My head wont stop hurting !!! 
Someone shud buy me a starbucks gift card lol 
well .. this weekend was not my weekend at all . Kinda disappointed 
I know .. that ieverything will work out for the better . 
Its gonna be a long day . But Go Greenbay !!! Haha 
GO GREENBAY ! ! Haha yes 
Learn from the past . Live in the present . Plan for the future . 
some things you do around him to get his attention shows how much you care about our friendship . Thats wat i think anyway . 
Ashlyees steer likes me :) but it got slobber all over me lol 
Had the best weekend ive had in a long time :) 
I hate fake people . If you dont like me or if ur gonna dislike me for something that doesnt even invole you just tell me to begin with . Dont pretend to accept me then freakin say im not worth shit . 
I shudnt worry right ? .. Its nothing .. 
A hobo gave me a thumbs up cuz he like my car :) haha 
Choir concert tonight :) hope we do good Haha 
2mrw is gona freakin sucks ... 
Watchin the Daytona 500 with my dad lol 
I freakin love my new phone :) its awesome 
Can people mind there own business . I'm not a fuckin cheater ! 
Magnus <3 its you and me against the world . 
Just watched the Black Swan with my mom .. awkward lmao 
Getting my hair cut today :) 
You're the only thing that I've ever really wanted . 
Urban dictionary : < PROPFEMALE > refers to a walking goddess . Magnus refers to greatness :) 
Weekends suck without you :/ 
Nothing on tv !!!! 
Still trying to sell my car . Pirice down to $4200 now 
Doesn't feel good at all .. might stay home 2mrw 
Is so done with some people . 
Gonna be so busy Haha . \ 
Thus weekend : B-day party , play , lunch with my mom . \ 
Next week : Choir concert and bake sale on Thursday . \ 
Week after : Chior festival 
Excited for tomorrow :) hope it goes great . 
I think ur to good to be true .. 
Watching DragonBall Z Haha :) 
I give up on freakin singing 
Concert tonight (: super excited/nervous lol 
I am not gonna be some project you have to work on . 
Long but exciting day :) 
Never thought my name wud start causing problems for me .. 
Went to IN n Out today :) so romantic lol 
Has subs all day today :) nice 
The crazy things we did together make me laugh .. to bad they were with you . 
Duet with < PROPMALE > :D Haha 
Hope that kid gets taken care of cuz he's pissing me off and u don't want me to handle it . 
Our school is so freakin retarded .. they don't even know which < PROPFEMALE > J is which . 
Today was surprisingly a great day . But that just lowers my expectations for 2mrw .. 
Todays not so bad :) happy 2 months <3 
It's like a Fireman's suit but tighter Lmao 
