I've caught up with Time ... I am oon Facebook . 

What's always on my mind ... think about it . 
I'sa tired fool . 
< PROPFEMALE > seminar over easter . 
Takin some time for myself . I'm not doing anything for anybody , if they want something ... do it yourself cause today is my day t do what I want ... absolutly nothing . 
Too pooped t poop 
Phone crapped out , so its out till I get another . Life is a joke ! 
Phone is workin for th time bein , its still screwy but it what I got for now . I'm waitin for < PROPMALE > Barker t call my name 
Explosive , Nuclear , Meltdown , Planet Busting Gravitic Dialator , Zero Point Galactic Sigularity Disrupter , Anti Dark Matter Temporal Disterbance , with a Universal Transdimentional Coaleser ... any challanges ? 
Peaches and cream , preferably th cream 
Life is good today . For today . Started wokin out . I'm gonna get a new ass ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Joplin's \I need a man\ " ... it a great song " 
When is Jenn gonna get me some pictures of me ? I know she has em ! Damit < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Getting off today . Gonna go get some pants . 
I've got new pants !!! I'm moving into th decade now . Ya outta see my shirts too . Plus shoes ! Happy me Birthday !!! 
Ok , so I merely shapeshifted and didnt actually die . When you live forever you gotta play dead every now and then just t fit in . 
I need luck wished for me . Testing . 
Cant wait t get my Back Peice !!! 
Ah , what a Gorgious day ! Does my heart good to wake up to the pouring rain , rolling thunder , and flashes of lightning . I'm almost ready to go for a walk in th breeze . It's a beautiful in this nieghborhood .... 
Lonely . 
Tat and marked !!! 
I need a squirl . 
Green Eggs and Bacon 
Wink Feedle Thistledown Biddleboon 
Guys , I'm not on farmville anymore . I already earased my account . 
I dont wanna hear any shit from anybody for th next 6months !!! NO joke !!! Only cookies and Lollypops 
Can somebody throw me a cookie ? I'm tired of bones . 
I'm goin t have a funeral . Everybody has to come . I'm going to cremate my old self . I'm aiming for tis to happen this weekend . 
I'm going t have a Funeral . Everybody , we need t find a time that everybody can be there . I'm thinkin at bout sundown . Its going t b a cremation ceramony . Thats right , I said there was gonna be fire there . 
Did you know that number of people that die every year of breast cancer , that number or more die of Seizures ! There is more fundin for breast cancer than there is for people with seizures . More funding for Breast cancer alone , I'm not including funding for other types of cancer . 
Happy Bomb Day Everybody !!! 
Time for a Haircut !!! 
Sleepless ... 
I got a JOB !!! I'm employed officially on Monday ! hip-hip-horay ! 
Boy , its hot outside 
Work is a workout for me . No joke . 
Monday is always th hardest 
I hate flakes , even frosted flakes . The only flakes I like are snow flakes . Damn it !!! Arent I a delicate little fuckin flower ! 
It was a good day . Rain refreshes th earth . :) 
Its hot 
Went out last night ... it was a blast 
Sunday catchup . 
Monday was hot . Surprise surprise ! 
fear not I am finaly here darling 
Two snaps and a rewind . Thanks for comin . 
I need t sacrifice my truck t th truck god . It has sinned and forsaken me so I must cast it down into th horrible pit of a compactor . 
I hate people that try t make others feel bad t make themselves feel better 
a crick in your back is never fun and thats exactly what I have . Fun times let me tell you . 
I'm hot ... who am I kidding .. I'm always HOT ! And after work I'm a dirty boy ! :-P 
Hit my head and was silly the past two days , just now feelin normal whatever that is . believe me , head injuries are no joke ! 
The week is over !!! everybody clap and cheer 
Splash is this Weekend !!! 
It just amazes me how things seem to look up and go well then fall apart like dried shit 
Splash was a Blast !!! 
when is th Koran burning again ? 
Does being a Muslim mean your a Terrorist ? Please tell me cause I'm so confused . 
I think I found him . All I had t do is tell him I knew Sex Magic . 
I love th Rain !!! 
Where is Mad Anal Rim Job tonight ? 
I predict a cold Halloween . 
Open bundle ? 
Happy National Coming Out Day !!! 
is gay and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because marriage is th bonding of two souls not two gender opposite bodies . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=160600&rsource=stream . 
Been biting into alot of shitty chocolate lately . 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you \ 
probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on \ 
yourstatus for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week ! 
I tell ya whats on my mind .... facebook needs t fix th damn glich ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
I would get sick after a holiday . Got a good job lead . Everybody cross your fingers for me ! :) 
Things seem t be lookin up 
God I miss th music they played back in th day !!! 
I guess I got th worm today . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I love the rain . 
I love th rain too , I just wish we had a turd floater on its way . I make no garantees 
I guess a picture is worth a thousand words 
... 
Grinchy 
I'm excited bout th Soltsice ! 
Got m starter for th truck ! Every body clap ! 
Somebody throw me a Bone ! 
Things are lookin up ! 
Looks like Dont Ask Dont Tell got repealed . We're one step closer to peace oon earth and Joy to th World . I think I'm gonna deck th halls with balls of .... 
Its Yule Time !!! 
yea , I dont know what that is , I think I clicked on th wonrg thing 
Happy New Year ! 
wow ! What a snow fall ! 
I just need a big hug ! 
Sometimes I feel like I need t shave my hair off .... today was one of those days . Who wants t see pics of me bald ? 
Blah 
Ya know , I find it interesting that no one else commented on my bald pics . I'm still digesting what that means . 
Its great to hear from Old Buddies from way back and catchup . :) 
I hate ER visits 
Wish m luck on th interview 
On the way to my interview , I was behind a truck pulling a loaded trailer . Something fell off the back and bounced underneath me truck breaking my drive shaft . 
Who has Internet Explorer ? If anybody can assist me that would be great . I have afew pre-employment tests I need to do . I'm on a < PROPMALE > that doesnt support explorer ..... help < : -I 
Special Full < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Its supposedly th closest its been in 18yrs . 
Just call me Twitch 
It wasn't an amazing day . It was MAGICAL ! 
When you get to the bottom , well ... you know the rest . ;-P 
Gonna go see my new friend the Dentist . Damn , wisdom teeth hurt when they hurt . 
Its April Fools Day . We'll see who the fool is when I pull out my bludgin stick ... No stupid jokes better be pulled on me today ... I'm ready ! 
