It's now 2011 !!!! Happy New Year everyone may all your wishes and dreams come true ! And I wish everyone the absolute best ! Kisses'! 

My new year starts with my parents losing my dog . Wonderful !! I hope I find my rebel .. :( I can't believe i'm starting my new year like this 
Well this day is starting out great !!! :/ Woke up to a couple of ant bites possibly a spider bite , and I guess I had a allergic reaction to it since my underarm is now swollen ! HOW WONDERFUL ! 
Four stitches , $200 dollars , and a swollen knee the size of three knees combined .. sucks but at least it was an adventure .. first time getting stitches .. got to look on the bright side ! lol 
Everyone is getting engaged and married and getting pregnant and having babies ... is there something going around or what ? I mean good for them but ... gheez .. 
Really excited to see Lifehouse tomorrow :) They're amazing ! 
today was a good day :D I got into this class that i wanted , my first quiz grade in Poli Science ... 100 !!! AND i had a great time shopping and decorating the room of my bff < PROPFIRST > Hernandez <3 
I <3 my education classes sometime ! Today's activity we read a book about this legendary carpet , we made our own carpets and then sat on the floor and played this Alladin roller-coaster game while sitting on our magic carpets . FUN !!!.. ( and to think some ppl were actually complaining !!!? ) 
I'm so excited for tomorrow !! I hope my cute big black labrador doggie is still at the shelter so i can adopt him :) :) 
One more class and on my way to pick up my beautiful black lab \Rebel\ " :) so excited ! " 
After a long day yesterday i finally got my doggie Rebel . I <3 him so much he already went poopy by himself and had a nice long walk this morning with me :) now time for class :( it sucked leaving him home .. 
and there you were calling me sugar .. 
i'm so hungry for like some red meat ! Like a big steak !! :( 
my brother : \Edra it's not that hard to be a teen mom right ??.. i mean it's not like the parents are going to kill her right ? \ " WTF < PROPMALE > !!! you get someone pregnant i will kill you and the little ho ! " 
Cafe express and Movie :) YumYumYum and Great Movie(The town) !!! Had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > Esquivel and our double date !! :) 
Could really use some coffee .. i have absolutely no energy today !!! 
If you are sitting far away from me but i can still hear every word from your earphones and i can tell exactly what song it is .. you my friend have a problem .. a hearing problem !!!! 
I want a black silk robe =( 
I hate when girls dumb themselves out and sound stupid for no apparent reason ! How are they not embarrassed because i'm embarrassed for them ! 
My luck just turned around ! I found some weed !! Jk I thought it was weed but it's just a dollar ! But hey money is money ! 
Today will be a good day ! :) 
HUNGOVER from last night but still woke up at 7 to go to the 5k run to bring awareness for kids that have been abused and neglected . If I can do it you can too ! 
So cold in the freaking library !! Enough studying for tonight .. 
What was supposed *** to be a good night turned out bad ! Awesome ! 
My bra decides it wants to break right now ... perfect timeing . Ugh ! 
Had a good time with Isho and Kat eating japanese food ! Yum ! 
Hate ignorant parents !! I taught this boy what an anaconda was and he told the whole class and was so excited to tell his parents !!.. they just ignored him ! Ugh ! 
Frustrated ! 
Had the best time teaching kindergarten today !!!! :) What a great class ! Next time i get 2nd grade !! Excited about that too :) 
I need a job ! Anyone knows where I could waitress at here in Huntsville ? I think i'd be a kick ass waitress !! Tip me baby ! lol 
Neighbors loved my tacos ! lol 
I feel as though I've gained a rare < PROPFEMALE > , which I had previously mistaken for a very attractive piece of cut glass . 
At ren fest with < PROPFEMALE > and Kat :)) yay first time camping ! This will be fun ! 
There is something so beautiful about a fire . Watching the captivating flames being slowly blown away by the wind . The different shades of yellow orange and red just luring you in . I think I can watch it for days and not even bother to blink ... then I think how can something so beautiful so captivating , be so dangerous to get close too .. 
Needed that wonderful weekend <3 <3 <3 . So happy things are looking up , have A's in all my classes , my school load is getting a little lighter , and I have this week all to myself :) Ahhhh I can finally breathe ! 
Just figured out this morning that I have a test I forgot to study for .. Oh well it's not going to ruin my good mood !! <3 <3 + I can't wait to carve pumpkins today with the roomies ! Come join us !!! but bring your own pumpkin ! lol 
SCARED !!! 
Taking my doggie Rebel to the vet in a bit .. :( poor baby has little worms in his poop ! :( 
Hitting up shanasties ! feeling like dancing ! 
Can't wait for this friday <3 :))) 
so warn out ... but one more party just one more ! lol :) 
It's so weird how i'm so much more productive and willing to get things done when I have absolutely no sleep and feel like my body has been hit by a truck ! Lol 
This cold weather is perfect for a great night sleep :))) 
People with road rage need to seriously get a life or get laid because there is no reason to be that angry in the freaking morning ! 
Tonight I am going to sleep soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good ! :))) 
Omg the greatest hits of the 90's are playing on the radio !!!!! Can this weekend get any more awesome !!? I think not ! Lol 
<3 always be yourself because everyone else is taken <3 
weird guy in computer lab : \hey i'm sorry i seem to have lost my phone .. can you please call it this is my #\ " i call .. it was in his pocket ... he left .. i get a text .. \ " thanks cutie\ " ... I KNEW IT WAS A TRICK !! lol " 
you know what .. i don't care if it's not swimming weather .. today i will go to the pool !!! i miss it ! 
My dog LOVES grapes !! How cute ! 
Although little things bring me down , i'm glad I can pick myself right back up ! Today's going to be a great day ! :) 
Pink champagne <3 
Doing homework is so much more fun and takes so much longer when you have < PROPFIRST > DeRaimo and < PROPFEMALE > Kluge chatting you up ! haha 
Couldn't make my puppets or masks today for my project ! Great now i'm even more behind ! :( 
so hungry .. stomach grumbling .... thanksgiving needs to come sooner lol 
I wish I had some canvas ' to do some painting .. :( 
I wish ppl could stop talking about their sex lives on facebook .. it's kind of disturbing . 
Finally home , and so happy I have time away from school for a while . I am actually really excited about this years holidays ! I can't wait for Thanksgiving better yet Christmas !! :))) 
What I thought was going to be a quiet Thanksgiving with the family is actually going to be a FOURTEEN people event .. and I'm in charge of the cooking .. i guess i should start now ??.. lol 
You know you're slightly OCD when you rearrange all your parents card radio stations so they can be in order from greatest number to smallest .. lol other than that HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone ! I hope you all have a great holiday ! :) I am grateful for every new day that God gives me in this world ! <3 
I discovered something today and that something is good haha 
Back in Huntsville and am so ready for my next vacation break !!!.. 
Ugh I need to get all my work done so i can go out tonight but ghosh that just seems impossible right about now !.. :( 
Going out tonight !!! :D lets have some fun !!!! 
H to the O to the M to the E !!!! Tonight was a good night ! 
At a basketball game about to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > kick university of < PROPMALE > s booty ! 
80's party tonight !!! :))) homework can wait till tomorrow 
sooooooooooo hungry my stomach is going grrrrrrrr and i feel like everyone around me can hear :( 
Has this ever happened to you .... where you look into something that is none of your business and then find an answer and just wish you have never looked at it in the first place .. oh yeah .. curiosity kills ladies ! lol 
Feels so shitty right about now ; just threw up twice and feel like I am so freaking pale in the face ! If i end up getting food poisoning I'll make sure to thank you Quizno's! :/ 
FUN = what i will be having tonight ! 
Finally home :) and tomorrow I get to wake up whenever I want !!!! Ah feels soooo GOOD ! 
Today was just so odd ...... 
I feel like going for a run later on tonight after I study ... yes i shall do it . :D 
Today my brother turned 15 ! I remember when I was 15 :( 
thank you mom for making yet another fat joke in front of all our guest at lunch . I'm sorry that i'm not 110 pounds like you were . 
I wish I could have what I want right now . 
This recurring headache that i've had these last couple days needs to go away :( 
Time to get some shopping for myself done ! :D feels so good ! 
Running with my baby rebel pebbles !! So nice outside ! 
So , many people know that I do not like hunting . I really don't care what you do but i just really really don't like hunting pictures .... with that being said ... I wake up this morning to a couple msg .. one being a picture mail from a # i was not familiar with , I open it , and what could it be ????????? A HUNTING PIC ! poor little deer .. blood everywhere .. GREAT way to start my morning :( 
I wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and I hope everyone has a wonderful time with their friends and family . :) 
I have decided to open up a blog !! Maybe it might be somewhat interesting ! 
Italian food .... how much I am craving you right now :( 
Dinner and movies = amazing ! Black Swan was a super awesome movie ! love love love .. it was just dark and twisted but yet moving ! :D 
Going to the museum of fine < PROPMALE > s tomorrow ! I'm so excited I LOVE < PROPMALE > !! :) 
To the year of 2010(which was pretty awesome ): thankfull for all my new wonderful friends , and happy to still have most of my old ones ! So for this new year : lets party a little harder , drink a little more , love a little stronger before we become old ! So cheers to being young , cheers to having great friends , cheers to this New Year !! 
Headed home to the Ville in a little . Hopefully wont be going to a ghost town and ppl have started coming back already ! :) yay ! 
fun night !! Now time for sleep !! 
Bra shopping with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s secret said i've now gone up a size ... ugh !! This is not fair .. i want to bra shop too :( 
Hot tub time = good time :) 
Wish stars were as beautiful every night as they are tonight . 
\You've found a way to make the sheep invite the wolves for dinner \"" 
Fuzzy tacos place not all that ... but sexy , hot , extremely tall guy right in front of me eating a taco and making eye contact .... mmmmmmmm I like ;) 
I will not accept the new zodiac signs .! In my heart I am still a Pisces . Not a freaking Aquarius !!!!! 
Feels sick .. That's why it's important to not make out with guys in a bar when you're drunk .. ugh .. :/ 
Grandpa is very sick .. only has a couple more days :( just hate that I can't be there to hold his hand and say I love you one last time .. this is just so hard .. :'( 
Hope everyone's first day of classes are going well . :) 
Today has been a little overwhelming .. and to think I have so much more to go . I need to get home and organize all my class stuff and make a scheduled calendar of my work already .. I feel so disorganized ! 
About $600 for books ... now if that's not ridiculous Idk what is . 
Basketball game tonight ! :) Let's kick some SFA butt ! 
seriously have never met such dumb girls as the ones sitting next to me , their convo consists of grandmas vagina , obese dogs , gay communities all together .. wow ! 
Why is is that when you need time to go slow it flies by , but when you want things to speed up , every second feels like a minute itself ?.. 
Barley got home and just had the longest fucking day ever ! This is where an in home jacuzzi or a personal massage boy would come in handy !! 
idk why girls don't like dorky nerdy guys , they're so cute !! just like my lab TA .. I don't care if he has an obsession with snakes :) lol 
Maybe it was a little too early to come home .. all the flowers and I'm sorry for your loss letters are a little too much .. :( 
to cut my hair short again .. or to not ? :/ 
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your decisions , and the quality of your decisions is determined by the quality of your thinking . 
Cold front please go away .. idk how much more i can cover up :( I want it to be hot again !! 
Sometime you just have to be the bigger person even if you don't want to be . 
Grrr so tired and not ready for my long day tomorrow ! Only finished half my paper but am too tired to do the rest . Time for night night :D 
Once upon a time I would ask my teachers , or older people to proof read my essays for scholarships and class assignments and etc . now i am doing that job for my brother .. i feel old ... lol 
I wish I had like a non breakable glass ceiling . So every time I went to bed I could watch the stars ! They're gorgeous tonight ! 
Today will be my working day ! I have two essays , a take home quiz , a classroom management project , and another project ! It will be complete !! :D 
Friday was snowing , saturday was icy , today i'm laying out by the pool ! Texas weather :) 
so there is this guy sitting next to me on the computer lab who has like super long finger nails .. but that's not it .. there is so much black stuff and gunk in them that i feel sick just by the sight of it .. YUCK ! 
Mr. Sandman , bring me a dream :D 
in bed early and it feels sooooooo good !! 
Tomorrow will be exactly a month before my 21st Bday !!!!! then the day after my Bday is spring break .. could i ask for anything better .. i think not ! :D 
is ready to have some fun tonight ;) 
Yay !!! About to go hiking with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! :)) 
Happy Valentines day to all my wonderful friends and family . May the people in your hearts last there forever . :) I hope everyone has a wonderful super romantic time !! 
