screw the new year . 

screw men 
is very tired . been up since 3 am . going to go to bed 
missing some ppl and wishing my ex would leave me alone . Dont know why he even tries 
omg < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead 
cant believe my baby's dad wants nothing to do with her . 
hmm 
watched Transformers 2 and got puked on by my little angel ... 
going to the emergency room 
tired , really need to try and take naps 
thinking 
happy fourth of july everyone 
Going to < PROPMALE > 
going to my daughters appt . be back in two hours 
My daughter is a month old today !! She now weighs 8 lbs 7 oz and is 21 inches long !! 
finally got my daughter to sleep and she wakes up after only 30 < PROPFEMALE > .!! 
has a pinched nerve in my back :( 
just doesnt understand some people 
bored .. get to go to the zoo friday !! 
had fun at the zoo yesterday 
< PROPFEMALE > slept through the whole night last night 
found the cutest shirt in the world today ! Going to the bar saturday , whos going with me ! 
doesnt remember much from last night 
rockin the beer gut its just a little extra love around her waist 
both hands tied behind my back for nothing 
why in the world is my ex boyfriend calling me again ..... twice yesterday 
bored 
watching Dating in the Dark .... interesting 
< PROPFEMALE > viagra ! 
ugh i hate all the lovey dovey status messages . Seriously we know you love each other you dont have to post it every single day . Its too much 
err i hate banks . 
i wish i had a car 
why do i attract the weirdos ... had a guy stalking me at the horse races last night 
i really miss my dog ... ilove my dog ..... why did he have to go . I love you dog 
my little angel is two months today !!! 
baby baby when we first met i never felt something so strong you were like my lover and my best friend all wrap into one with a ribbon on it . and all of a sudden when you left i didnt how to follow . its like a shot that spun me around and now my heart left i feel so empty and hollow . and ill never give myself to another the way i gave it to you . 
theres nothing i could say to you nothing i could ever do to make you see what you mean to me all the pain the tears i cried still you never said goodbye and now i know how far youd go .... i love you muffy 
going to bed , i love you muffy . I cant wait to see you again . You better call me tomorrow morning , first thing when you wake up , before you do anything , you better open your eyes reach for your phone and call me . I love you baby . Cant wait to see you again . Miss you already . Call me first thing or its over . 
is getting married !!!!! I LOVE YOU BABY ! 
is married to a loser but i love her more than anything else in the world ( besides my daughter ) i cant wait to have a baby with her , moving in with her tomorrow , cant wait to see her again , i miss her so much , she just left five minutes ago , i miss her < PROPFEMALE > much come back to me , we didnt get to have wedding sex . 
dead tired 
am i ever going to have less than 100 requests .... this is insane 
going to < PROPMALE > tonight and will be there all day tomorrow 
ahh saw my stalker again last night 
I LOVE YOU !!! YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE ! 
cooking curry rice .... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Dua të bëj dashuri me një Agostini 
says \i'm great in bed ! I can sleep for days ! \"" 
have to be up at 7 but cant fall asleep . Have my Hida Scan at 9 ... hoping they can figure out what is wrong with me . 
my daughter is waking up and i cant pick her up :( stupid doctors and their tests 
just got the DNA test results back . He is 99.97% the father ! pay up 
has been losing touch with friends but dont think i care cuz they are all conceded and only think about themselves anyways .. they just want want want 
saw The Final Destination in 3D ... pretty good 
is exhuasted and has paint all over me 
rockin the beer gut 
wants to go for a ride on your big green tractor 
to date or not to date that is the question 
trying to get my lil munchkin to take a nap 
sorry about the photo tags everyone .... not sure whats happening and trying to get them off 
You havent been in her life since shes been born and now you want to get to know her ? Your the one that abandoned us while i was pregnant . 
baking cookies .... and yes < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > you can have some !!! Ill make a batch just for you !! 
< PROPFEMALE > lihtsalt sitta < PROPFEMALE > padi 
loves life and my close friends couldnt ask for more 
is looking for a babysitter for wednesday october 1st at 1pm ! have a stupid meeting to go to . 
revision : looking for a babysitter for wednesday september 30th . Oct . 1st is something different . 
is stupid and dropped her phone in the toilet so i dont have any < PROPFIRST > !! 
about to watch vampire diaries !!! 
ugh im never drinking again ...... so tired 
last night was amazing !!! 
is so proud of my baby girl .... she rolled from her back to her stomach and then from her stomach to her back in five minutes !!! 
is looking for a daycare , but so far everyone is booked 
is waiting for him to get off work .. only two and a half hours till i get to see him 
is babysitting and watching < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer ( i hate that show ) 
is getting my hair highlighted and cut ! 
wow 
thinks someone needs to stop keepng me up all night !!! 
is watching the Vampire Diaries 
is about to bake some cookies ... anyone want some !! 
my boyfriend took me out in a big green tractor last night ! It was so much fun cant wait to do it again ! 
house was awesome and next weeks looks like a great episode too ... i cant wait !! 
ugh what a day ! < PROPFEMALE > got her shots .... terrible . 
has a job interview tomorrow !!!!! 
wooohoo three job interviews !!!! two today and one on sunday ! 
feels like shit .... damn < PROPFEMALE > 
had a great night last night . 
my daughter is such a big girl ... eating great off a spoon !! So proud of her 
thinks couples retreat was a good movie 
finally has a job !!! 
GROUND BEEF STROGANOFF 1 lb . ground beef1/2 c . chopped onion2 tbsp . flour2 tsp . salt1/4 tsp . pepper1 ( 8 oz . ) can mushrooms , undrained1 ( 10 1/2 oz . ) can cream of chicken soup , undiluted1 c . sour creamCook noodles Brown meat and onion ; pour off any grease . Add flour , salt , pepper , and mushrooms . Cook 5 minutes on medium heat , uncovered . Add soup and simmer uncovered 10 minutes . Stir in sour cream 
is done with it all ... fuck it 
wow what a day ... started my job today . 
did so good at work that they moved me up to a campaign that only certain ppl can do and let me off training after an hour and a half !!!! 
finds herself doing things she wouldnt have done before with you 
says yes < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > you are vain ! 
my daughter held her bottle yesterday and said momma !!!! She is getting to be such a big girl ! 
my baby girl is now 16 lbs and 28 inches !!!! She is getting so big . Five months old today !! 
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family and Sunday !! I cant wait im so excited !! 
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family on Sunday !! I cant wait im so excited !! 
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family and Sunday !! I cant wait im so excited !! and he is going to take me shopping friday to get the right clothes and a coat for hunting !!! 
cant wait for sunday !! 
finally got my computer back !!! GO WALMART !!!! 
FML ! i have no babysitter 
solved my babysitting problem ..... but i cant tell anyone who it is !!! 
ugh .... life .... what a treat 
is dead tired ! Why cant he just get here already ! I want to go to bed ! 
I have the best boyfriend on the planet !!! im so lucky !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
is upset .... whatever 
still feels drunk ! 
my mom got into a car accident today 
my mom just kicked me and < PROPFEMALE > out ... what am i suppose to do ? 
is tired 
omg the internet is working how long do you think it will last !!!! 
my baby is six months today !!!!!! 
cant wait to go to vegas with my man ! 
my daughters six months pictures are today !! 
why do guys say one thing , but mean another ?!?! Why cant they just say what they mean ??! its so confusing !!! 
my sister was in a car accident 
had the worst dream in the world last night 
x-mas present ideas !!! anyone got some !! What are you suppose to get guys !?!?!? 
has been feeling really lonely lately 
i hate banks ! 
wishes my daughter would take a nap 
wishes my phone was working and i wasnt sick 
finally got my phone working !!!! now to make some fudge ! 
why do doctors have to take so long to call you back ! my poor baby is really sick 
OMG MY FAMILY IS SO WEIRD ! 
is trying to find a ride into < PROPMALE > 
gets my new vehicle tomorrow ! 
is getting drunk and cant wait for tomorrow night ! Who wants to join me tommorow ! 
little fockers is a funny movie ! 
why is it that the sweetest men are always the biggest assholes 
when your going through a hard time god sends you people to make everything better .... god sent me < PROPMALE > ( no thats not his real name)that guy is awesome . He makes going to work fun !! 
black 
is kind of bummed that i didnt get to see < PROPMALE > today ..... and is feeling kind of sad for a different reason too . Just not a good day for me . 
has just found out she is pregnant 
just got home from the Avatar in 3D movie ... it was awesome !! 
finds it hard not to think about him even though i know i shouldnt 
needs to find a < PROPMALE > old man to marry ... pronto !!! 
my fine is $1000000000 
is getting Nickelback tickets tomorrow !! 
life sucks then you die oh well .... time to go out 
lately ive been hard to reach ive been too long on my own everyone has their private world where they can be alone . are you calling me ? are you trying to get through ? are you reaching out for me ? im reaching out for you . im just so fucking depressed . i just cant seem to get out of this slump if i could just get over this hump but i need something to pull me out of this dump 
i will not bow , i will not break , i will shut the world away , i will not fall , i will not fade , i will take your breath away , and ill survive paranoid , i have lost the will to change , and im not proud , cold-blooded fate , i will shut the world away . 
has decided that its a lot easier and im a lot happier being single . I love my daughter and we dont need a man in our life ! 
really hates being sick .... especially when you have to work ! 
really wishes i could get some damn sleep 
really wishes that Gennene < PROPFEMALE > Rowley did not teach my daughter how to say GAGA that is all she keeps saying ! 
1 . Need you tonight by INXS 2 . Look away by Chicago . 
when you think < PROPMALE > McGraw i hope you think my favorite song the one we danced to all night long the < PROPFEMALE > like a spotlight on the lake when you think happiness i hope you think that little black dress think of my head on your chest and my old faded blue jeans when you think < PROPMALE > McGraw I hope you think of me 
you say youll call but i know you wont 
so tired ... wonders why he ignored me today :( 
didnt you know how much i loved you baby , i gave you everything , every part of me , didnt you feel it when i touched you , didnt i rock you when i loved you baby 
is worried about my little munchkin 
thinks i would rather be at work than stuck here with my mom ! 
I love my job .... and damn am i popular with the men lately !!! Oh and i was saved today so i can die and go straight to heaven ... thanks creepy old lady !! 
thinks its disgusting when people sleep with their cousins ... if your that desperate go thirty < PROPMALE > in either direction and pick a hobo off the street . 
lord what a day .... i need a vacation and to win the lottery ... or maybe just a < PROPMALE > old guy to marry ..... and men are really confusing ... do they not understand the things they say and do , do have CONSEQUENCES !!! DAMN THEM 
is now even more confused .... only got two hours of sleep ... not sure why < PROPFEMALE > wouldnt sleep ... my ex came over at 230 am saying he was sorry and confused .... not sure what to think .... what to do !! 
doesnt know what to do .... is thinking about crawling into a hole for a while .... where no one can bother me .... got to love life !! 
thinks my poor little munchkin has an ear infection ! :( 
so i have a boyfriend ? 
damn im tired 
has court on April 12th for her child support hearing !!! FINALLY ! It only took nine months to find him . 
is going out tonight for the first time in a long time ! 
needs to stay away from shopko !! DAMN THEY HAVE CUTE BABY CLOTHES !!!!! 
what do you do if the internet on your Ipod touch freezes ? 
is trying to find a babysitter for saturday but the state game is going on FML 
just got done watching Shutter Island .... kind of a weird movie ! 
just got home from watchin < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3D with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Chantel .... had a great time !!! 
i only said we would make it across , i never said anything about the wheels staying on ! 
you know < PROPMALE > just when i think you couldnt possibly get any dumber , you do something like this , and totally redeem yourself !!! 
I swear , I'm so pissed off at my mom . As soon as she's of age , I'm putting her in a home . 
Oop ... I almost forgot . I won't be able to make it fellas . < PROPFEMALE > and I trying this new fad called uh , jogging . I believe it's jogging or yogging . it might be a soft j . I'm not sure but apparently you just run for an extended period of time . It's supposed to be wild . 
Dear Lord baby Jesus , lyin ' there in your ghost manger , just lookin ' at your Baby Einstein developmental videos , learnin ' ' bout shapes and colors . I would like to thank you for bringin ' me and my mama together , and also that my kids no longer sound like retarded gang-bangers 
< PROPFEMALE > will be one year old in three months !! That is crazy , where has the year gone ! 
hmmmmmmmm .......... 
NEVER SHAKE A BABY DAMN IT ! Hate hearing bout that on the news . 
Why do guys have to make everything so complicated ? 
getting ready to go to < PROPMALE > ! 
got put on probation at work damn it 
going to norfolk ! 
just got home from five hours worth of shopping in Norfolk ! 
just got done watching a good episode of House ! 
Just spent $70 on my mom for her birthday .... hope she likes it . 
wants to do something , anything to get out of the house today ! 
really hates it when people lie .... is it that hard to tell the god damn truth !!!! 
why should i try if you dont want to .... i give up ! 
why do people text me at 2 , 3 , 4 in the morning ! Yes i got texts at all three of those times ! I was sleeping people !!!!! 
Why do i have to go to work . errrr . 
anyone else think men are really confusing !! 
you live you learn . you loose you learn you bleed you learn you scream you learn . 
is so proud of my baby girl !! On Sunday she figured out how to suck on her sippy cups ! She is doing great ! 
hangovers and spending time with the family .... fun stuff 
made my car into a hybrid by siphoning gas out of your tank . 
my friends status says she was standing on the edge of a mountain ... so i poked them . 
well , the little munchkin is asleep .... time for bed . Gets to spend the whole day with her tomorrow .... gotta love days off !!!!! 
my little girl can stand on her own !!! She is growing up so fast ! 
so wow the bar was empty last night ! 
My daughter has all her front teeth now !!! Its so cute !!! 
Cant wait for tomorrow night ! 
had a great time last night and im not < PROPMALE > over . WOOOHOOO 
is watching the ACM's . 
\he's doing something behind her back . He used a business trip to Nebraska as a cover . Like thats an actual place ! \"" 
ugh im bored !!! 
so my daughters father just asked me to send him papers to sign over his rights . 
my mom drives me insane ! 
is extremely tired . 
i was stalked once ... by a dog . 
Is blissfully happy 
FINALLY GOT INTERNET BACK ! 
i love the fact that your gay . 
cant believe tomorrow is the season finale of Vampire Diareis ! :( 
blah blah blah blah blah 
Our father , who < PROPMALE > in heaven , hallowed be thy name . Thy kingdom come , \ 
Thy will be done , on E < PROPMALE > h as it is in Heaven . Give us this day our \ 
daily bread , and forgive us our trespasses , as we forgive those who \ 
trespass against us . And lead us not into temptation , but deliver us \ 
from evil . For Thine is the kingdom , and the power , the < PROPFEMALE > , now and \ 
forever . Amen . 
is going to norfolk ! 
had a wonderful time fourwheelin yesteday and spending time with my man . Only had five ticks on me ! Still a great time . cant wait for the upcoming weeks and fun stuff planned !!!! 
cant believe my daughter will be one in two weeks !!!!!! 
oh joy another day with the family . :( 
the nickelback concert was absolutely amazing last night !!! Tired as hell though and found out to never go grocery shopping with Gennene . 
this research paper is gay !!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ ! 
so excited for this weekend !!!!! 
has an absolutely wonderful life ! Had a great time with my man this weekend . So glad we got to spend a little alone time together ! Best weekend ever ! Wishes my phone worked but oh well ! Life is wonderful regardless ! 
mmmmmm love ............. 
watching Mcgruber 
getting ready to go to the feedlot with my man ! 
going to run to < PROPMALE > to see my man 
is extremely tired cuz a certain someone decided to keep me up til 2:30 this mornging !!! Cant believe < PROPFEMALE > is one today !!! 
just got done watching the killers .. good movie 
getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party .... would be easier if she would stop messing with everything !!!!! 
had the most wonderful day in the world !!!!! 
Thinks some people need to grow the F up . 
baking cookies for my man ! 
is tired of my mom dictating how i am to raise MY DAUGHTER . 
SLEEP !!! 
ten more minutes til my man gets off work !! Get to see him in 40 minutes !!! Good thing i took a nap ! 
hurray for the weekend !!! Cant wait to spend some time with my man !!! Kind of miss him . 
so glad there is no work in the morning !! Get to sleep in and wake up in his arms !!! 
found out today why people have more than one kid .... to keep the other one busy so mom can get something done !!! 
had a great time last night !! Didnt want to leave him today . Now majorly bored ... daughter taking a nap noone home ..... what to do 
Dear mother nature , if you are going to continue flooding the roads , pls flood them all . Would rather skip work all together than wake up early to get there . Thank you ! 
Tired and bored 
Bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored and guess what bored ! 
Waiting to go see eclipse ! 
Happy fourth of july everyone 
Errrrrrr damn phone and is wondering where that man of mine got to ! 
Has had such a busy week , it feels weird to be doing nothing right now . Should be fun tonight though ! 
Getting ready to go to karaoke ! Should be a fun night ! 
Needs new and better friends 
Found out that budweiser premium light55 calorie beer actually doesn't taste bad ! 
Is regretting buying shots for my sister . Payback really is a bitch ! Damn yoy < PROPFIRST > ! 
so feeling pretty good for getting drunk last night and waking up at 8:30 this morning 
is tired .... waiting for my man to get off so i can go to bed !!! 
is bored out of my mind !!!! 
loves watching my daughter purposefully running into walls . lol getting ready to go to norfolk for a wedding shower then bachlorette pary tonight ! 
is soooo tired ..... but cant sleep ! 
has realized there is a lot of ppl on facebook via Mobile Web at 1 am 
is going to clean up my friends list some ..... think you'll make the cut ? 
getting ready for the wedding !!! 
is pissed . Really wishes i could do what i had planned but no ..... i dont have my damn vehicle or my damn phone . Thanks a lot 
is tired . 
loves being late for work , especially when its not my fault ! 
well ended up having to call into work . Oh well , get to spend some quality time with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
mmmm ..... scrambled eggs , hot dogs , and about five different types of cheese . Got to love it when < PROPFEMALE > helps pick out breakfast ! 
just got done watching Vampires Suck .. it was kind of funny 
is excited for the zoo on friday !!! and can not believe my man has never been to the circus ! I mean really ..... who hasnt been to a circus !!! 
yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! yay ! 
had a great time at the zoo today ! Took tons of pictures . the kids loved the animals ! 
getting ready to go out to Karaoke with < PROPFEMALE > Brachle !!!! woohooo ! Should be a fun night . 
had great time at Karaoke last night ! Might head to the horse races today with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is in extreme pain and just wants it to end . 
getting ready for bowling ! 
getting ready to go to karaoke !!!!! Should be a great night , my man is going with me ! YAY 
getting ready to go to < PROPMALE > . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
needs a new job pronto ! 
just bought some recycled toilet paper !! 
has bowling tonight ! Was happy to spend some time with my man this morning , even though we were in a tractor the whole time . 
going to bed . 
my daughter is adorable ! She just climbed onto the recliner and into her high chair waiting for her lunch ! 
men are so disappointing , 
phone doesnt work anymore ! The display went out so i can not receive texts only phone calls ! :( 
OK NOT HAVING A DISPLAY IS DRIVING ME INSANE ! PPL KEEP TEXTING AND CALLING AND I CANT SEE WHO IT IS ! ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU MISS THE CALL AND YOU CANT CHECK WHO IT WAS . 
has a tired , crabby lil girl . 
isnt love just about the best thing in the world ! 
yay !! vampire diaries starts tonight !! 
got bowling tonight !!! 
doesnt feel so great today 
got a new phone and picked up a potty chair of my little lady !!! 
wishes I didn't live here so I wouldn't have to deal with this . every night 
does he watch your favorite movies , does he hold you when you cry , does he let you tell him all your favorite parts when you've seen it a million times , does he sing to all your music while you dance to purple rain . 
wishes someone would save me from the monotony of my life 
going to make caramel brownies ! mmm mmm 
is really tired 
omg that was a horrible dream i had last night ! 
just loves how active my lil girl is in the morning , especially since it takes me about an hour to wake up ! at least when the price is right is on she settles down and watches it ! 
had a hornet flying around inside my pants while driving not good 
got bowling tonight ! 
had a great night last night four wheeling with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . wishing I hadn't got drunk though 
had a fun time at Nydias birthday party . Now to cook supper before bowling tonight 
has a fun day of absolutely nothing planned . woohoo 
has another day of absolutely nothing planned . Might take < PROPFEMALE > on a walk down to the park . Its a nice day out . 
hates how you grow up and lose touch with all your friends 
loves being stuck doing nothing . watching my man work on a tractor thingy with his family is boring . 
planning on a nice quiet day at home alone with < PROPFEMALE > 
my poor baby girl is < PROPFEMALE > sick ! Wish she was feeling better . 
i like it on the stairs 
got kicked off my bowling team , but I'm glad . so tired of her and all her drama 
got a free preview of BabyFirst Tv from directtv , < PROPFEMALE > loves it ! Is glued to the tv . 
just picked up three big pumpkins ! 
go longhorns !!! has given up whats the point in trying anymore . 
yeah ! Texas won ! 
feels like ...... 
got < PROPFEMALE > down for a nap , the puppy is sleeping , house clean , time to finsih my book ! 
feels like crying for absolutely no reason . Plus my daughter is driving me insane today . 
it seems like everywhere I go , the more I see the less I know . but I know one thing I love you . 
thinks my daughter nees more friends 
my daughter took off her dirty diaper brought it to me and said here you go . just what I wanted 
can not believe the vampire diaries tonight ! 
god i miss him 
doesnt know what to do or say 
I remember the way you made love to me\ 
Like I was all you'd ever need\ 
Did you change your mind\ 
Well I didn't change mine\ 
Now here I am trying to make sense of it all\ 
We were best friends now we don't even talk\ 
You broke my heart\ 
Ripped my world apart 
Why tempt fate ? Sorry everyone , I am superstitious , and this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that pe ... rson be me ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . 
I miss the way u love me , how u hug from behind , the way u held my hand , n the way u smile , now I'm sittin ' here , tryna get u off my mind , cryin feeling like I'd die . 
things are looking up ! got a part time job , worked things out with my man , happy ! 
my feet are killing me from standing all day ! cant wait to go out with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !!! going to be a blast . 
had a great time last night at the depot with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
hates the whole jealous boyfriend thing . why don't you just trust me and get off my back 
had a fun time with < PROPFEMALE > at big unz last night 
remember if you see a turtle on top of a fence post , it had help getting up there ! 
got my haircut today ! 
really wishes i knew where my dog took my bra too . 
yay work ! 
hates that whip my hair song ! when it comes on I want to shoot my stereo ! 
people these days ! going to see < PROPMALE > potter tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
maybe its time to change leave it all behind . I've never been one to walk alone ive always been scared to try . 
heading to < PROPMALE > ! 
damn you winter !! why cant you go somewhere else ! 
got a Christmas tree ! 
oh what a night ! glad its over . 
just strung popcorn on the Christmas tree ! 
is tired ... gotta love those four o clock wake up calls by drunk ppl 
so if everyones man is the greatest man in the world , does that make all men great ? 
love means you never have to say your sorry . 
my daughter is such a goodball ! 
got victorias pictures done ! 
men are such jerks 
really hates this being sick thing . 
cant wait for christmas !! making chocolate pie , peanut butter pie , and butterfinger pie !! Plus spending some time with my wonderful man !! 
mmm chocolate ! I love you , but you are the devil ! 
has a wonderful boyfriend . had a great Christmas ! 
hopes my day starts to get better . knowing my luck it won't though . 
tangled is such a cute movie ! 
I never thought I'd be in love like this 
happy new year everyone 
3 am wake up call-sisters laptop playing music even though it has been turned off . creepy ? definitely ! 
can't wait to go out to eat with my man tonight !!! 
getting ready to go to Norfolk 
mmm pickles and < PROPMALE > noodles . the things my daughter eats . 
can't wait to get out of the house tonight ! 
had a great time last night . thinking about going to a movie tonight ! 
my daughter is a riot ! How did i get so lucky ! 
cant wait to go to yankton with my man for valentines day ! 
just booked the room ! its official now . can't wait ! hope the next two weeks go by fast ! 
well I got hit by a dog carrier and now my < PROPFIRST > is out of commission 
i love my boyfriend ! Dont know what i would do without him right now . 
is thinking case 39 is a wierd movie 
is thinking movie night ! paranormal activity 2 , the social network , and you again ! 
movie night was great , now time for bed ! 
going to see no strings attached with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
thought no strings attached was a funny movie ! 
off to spend the weekend with the most wonderful man in the world ! 
is as happy as can be ! 
doesn't get why ppl go through other ppl to ask you a question ? can't they ask you themselves ? 
took < PROPFEMALE > outside , she loves it ! 
wonders what you do when you don't have anything in common with someone and just don't agree with anything they are doing anymore . 
loves it when he decides to be an ass 
why couldn't the warm weather stay ! 
cant wait to go to the shrine Circus !! 
loves watching grease ! 
grape 
well its Friday night and I'm sitting at home reading a book about nebraska . my life is great . 
yay girl scout cookies ! 
hmm what to do ? 
is going to the bar to help celebrate Erics birthday ; 
wasted two years trying to make him happy but apparently that's not possible cause I don't have a < PROPMALE > between my legs ! 
being single is nice . think I might do . it for a while ! 
yeah , got my taxes back ! time to look for a new vehicle ! 
met the man of my dreams today ! 
jackass 3 is awesome and disgusting ! 
just went on the best date in the world with the most amazing man 
can't wait for Saturday ! 
well its official , I'm pregnant 
well this is annoying 
ha ha ha ha 
bedtime 
ugh gay 
god I hate living here 
circus tonight ! 
bored out of my mind ! 
god my work can piss me off . apparently I do everything wrong ! 
you feel like paradise and I need a vacation tonight 
can't wait til June ! 
I have such a great pussy , always watches my back 
doesn't know what to do 
how did my life get to be so boring 
wishes my mom would stay out of my life 
thinks my family is the most annoying family ever . 
wouldn't it be nice to get everything you ever wanted . 
just got my mom a grill !! 
my poor baby has a cold :( 
just got done watching nanny mcphee returns with < PROPFEMALE > , she loved it . 
loves when ppl act immature . grow up and get over yourself ! 
so i cant find my phone ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > ) , and i feel like crap , yay me !!! 
yay , got a car ! 
i need you like water like breath like rain , i need you like mercy from heavens gate , theres a freedom in your arms that carries me through i need you . 
is ready for a vacation 
