is sooooo tired ... 

has FOUR pies for thanksgiving . FOUR . 
wants to watch \Chicago . \"" 
is very , very happy . 
needs to see new < PROPFEMALE > , which is sure to be an extremely excellent movie . in the not-at-all excellent sort of way . 
grrrrrr ... 
finished 2 more apps : < PROPMALE > mudd and tufts . decided not to apply to < PROPMALE > . really , really would like to get into < PROPMALE > mudd . 
is getting so good at staying up late . Happy New Year ! finished carleton as well . ONLY THREE MORE APPS TO DO ! and then financial aid forms . grr . 
appreciates everyone's b-day wishes , but didn't check her fbook until NOW . thanks , guys . 
LOVES MS . MARCHELINA ( marchelena ? marcheliena ? who knows . ) for deleting the lab portion of the final . 
is annoyed . 
HAS A STUDIO FOR INTERLOCHEN AUDITIONS , and is very happy . 
god killed the < PROPFEMALE > . 
is amazing , because she solved the precal extra credit , and < PROPFIRST > did not . 
is still emotionally drained from mock trial . god , that was intense . 
effing HATES goats . 
feels clean . 
agrees with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is stressed b/c of solo & ensemble . 
kein schnapps fuer FABRIZIUS , denn er ist auch tot . 
hates < PROPFEMALE > Suchor MORE . and is fucking going to bed , because this is ridiculous . 
wins . just in general . 
is applying to various summer school programs and is SOOO EXCITED !!!!!!! 
sucks at trig . and math in general , actually . 
is feeling very odd today . 
hates snow and wants onion rings . 
has now eaten onion rings . 
should really work on her harvard essays . 
GOT INTO INTERLOCHEN ON A $ 5,000 SCHOLARSHIP , and now has NO EFFING CLUE what to do , as she really wants to go to harvard , but interlochen wants a $ 1,000 deposit by april 7 , and harvard won't have time to get back to her by then . 
yeah , i still need you , but what good's that gonna do ? needing is one thing , and getting ... getting's another . 
' s pinky hurts . 
will probably not be on facebook as she's going to FLORIDA !!!!! 
is on facebook , even though she's in florida . and is nervous about everything . 
is not very good at pool , much to her dismay . must change this . 
HAPPY EASTER !!!! def . one of my favorite holidays . lotsa chocolate , tons of food , and not a lot of preparation required . 
is not even close to done w/ the precalc wksht . when is it due ? 
just found out she's both opening and closing a piano concert this sunday , and has not touched a piano in at least three weeks . 
wants to go to harvard this summer BADLY . 
is pretty sure the precalc test kicked her ass . 
is fucking stressed out about this harvard thing because THEY STILL DON'T HAVE HER TEACHER RECOMMENDATION FORM . even though < PROPFIRST > says he sent it by mail on april first and by email yesterday . 
I GOT IN . TO HARVARD . ( summer school . ) i'm totes going . 
has managed to piss her mother off yet again and is a little upset about the precalc test ; however , has the cutest < PROPMALE > klein blazer in existence , so it's kind of a wash ... 
has just informed < PROPFIRST > that one of his problems is flawed . hopes to all seven goddesses that she is right . 
is apparently wrong . BUT HAS NO IDEA WHY . 
solved the extra credit , turned it in , and now feels like much less of an idiot . 
UUUURRRRGGGGHHHHHHH . 
GOT FINANCIAL AID . is officially going to harvard this summer . 
dislikes employability skills . a fucking lot . 
thoroughly enjoyed the precalc test . 
thinks she should probably solve the riemann conjecture , as that would be awesome . 
wants < PROPFIRST > to GRADE THE TESTS ALREADY . like , RIGHT NOW . 
got the highest score again . is feeling pretty good about self . 
is watching v for vendetta . GOOD movie . i think it's my favorite . 
remember , remember , the fifth of november ... 
DID < PROPMALE > BASS JUST DIE ?!?! 
thinks she might possibly be batshit crazy . 
got her SAT scores . 2270 . is not entirely sure exactly how to feel , so is settling for slight disappointment . 
has just read the intro and p < PROPMALE > of the way into < PROPFIRST > zeitz's \the < PROPMALE > and craft of problem solving . \ " thinks she might be in love . the man is positively inspirational . " 
whatever lifts MY luggage . 
is going to harvard TOMORROW !!!! 
LOVES her class so far . granted , it's been like a day . but still . the professor's cool , and he has really hard problem sets , and it looks like fun . 
loves her class slightly less . a LOT of fucking reading . thank god we finished the organic chem section , though , cuz that part made me want to claw my eyeballs out . 
FOUND SPLEEFMISTRESS AGAIN !! 
should really do her homework now . 
GOD BLESS YOU , PLEASE , MRS . ROBINSON ! \ 
\ 
the above song lifts my luggage like nothing else in this world except jesus . HAHAHAHA kidding about the jesus part . 
hates excel . a lot . 
FINALLY DONE WRITING UP ENZYMES LAB !!!!!! ... time for sleep . 
just discovered mit's ocw , and is now reading 27 pages on number theory . loves mit a lot . 
really likes genetics . 
christ , clapton is amazing . 
i'm on a boat , and it's going fast , and i've got a nautical-themed pashmina afghan . 
wants a room full of unmeltable ice . 
just realized she actually has a < PROPMALE > at johns hopkins . 
take a little sunshine , shine it all around . 
is just a little bit pissed off . 
thinks that pesto is a very good thing . 
is fucking SICK of biology . doesn't actually like biology that much , and would like to do some math , but can't . REALLY REALLY doesn't understand people who love biology . 
feels all better b/c the midterm is over . thinks it went well . 
is SAD because of dr. fixsen . 
has now gone absolutely batshit crazy because of STUPID YEAST . thankfully , now never has to think about yeast again . but still . IS IRREVERSABLY INSANE . 
feels completely and totally at peace with everything . except the rat dissection , anyway . 
hurts everywhere . 
ice cream is really , really good . 
is smelling delicious things . 
DONE !!!!!!!!!! 
will be home in less than 12 hours ! 
in the airport , bored out of mind . 
HOME ! and , plus , has curtains . < PROPFEMALE > should come see them . they're white . 
playing computer chess and the computer has been thinking for TOO DAMN LONG . 
is amazed at how good atmosphere is . piano + rap = GOOD THING . 
feels SO INFORMED now . 
HAS THE INTERNET BACK . ( was in canada . there's no internet up there , don't be silly . ) 
has a headache and is thinking about college and is thinking about like 10 schools right now . 
finally saw fight club , and mind is reeling . 
is eating pie . 
has tentatively decided where she's applying . sort of . wishes she knew whether or not she was being realistic . 
has a HUGE crush on < PROPMALE > mudd college . it is perfect . 
is stressed out . 
fucking PHYSICS . grrrr .... 
gives up on physics . it's close enough , dammit . 
done with homework , after like 6 hours ... 
is nooot happy . 
has four physics problems left . 
duck , duck , duck , duck , duck , duck , duck , duck , BRICK ! 
fuckin ' LOVES the black keys . they are the best musicians in the whole world . 
maybe it'll rain really hard and we won't have to march ! 
YAYHOUSEANDCUDDY ! 
felt sad , and then google image searched \chinchillas . \ " it is impossible to feel sad after google image searching chinchillas . " 
is drowning in a sea of unwanted college mail . 
\yesterday\ " by atmosphere is the saddest song in the whole world . " 
likes soup . 
hopes to god that < PROPMALE > Feingold wins tomorrow . wishes she was old enough to vote . 
a ; sldkfnn . 
loves theoreticalbullshit . a lot . 
FOUND THE IPAD COMMERCIAL SONG !!! 
' s life is going rather well at the moment . 
gets her MIT decision on the 16th . knows she won't get in , and yet still feels nauseous ... 
got deferred , of course . feels sort of okay about the whole thing . 
got a new computer ! 
done applying to oberlin and < PROPMALE > . also , DARTMOUTH WANTS AN INTERVIEW !!! i am nervous and also excited . 
dude , < PROPFIRST > barber was a BABE . 
really , really loves the black keys . this happens every couple of months . i just realize that the black keys are absolutely amazing . 
hates financial aid forms . 
just finished the FAFSA and the PROFILE . 
wants a long-haired scottish fold cat . and a chinchilla . 
is really starting to think Johns Hopkins would be perfect for her . wants to get in . 
nervous about the AMC . wish me a lot of luck ! 
is a national merit finalist ! 
just realized that she has a d+ in band and will be in level 2 advisory on monday because of it . fuck my life . 
I put on my robe and wizard hat and ... 
If you or someone you know works for the UW , state , county , city or local government , copy this and make it your status update today . Let's see how many people would be negatively affected by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \nuclear option\ " of eliminating 50 years of peaceful collective bargaining in Wisconsin . " 
11 closures so far , and apparently new glarus is looking for subs -- they just called my mom . i am in shock . 
' s mother keeps throwing bugs at her . like , literally . \ 
on a different note , going to the capitol today ! 
back . best sign i saw today : \our protest is bigger than your protest . protest envy ? \"" 
ok , this is totally irrelevant to everything that's going on right now that is ACTUALLY important , but whatever . you know how everyone ( most notably , rush limbaugh ) keeps saying that < PROPFEMALE > obama is fat ? i just thought i'd point out that < PROPFEMALE > obama is HOT . and not at all fat . and i'm kind of annoyed that rush fucking limbaugh has the nerve to call her fat . okay , i'm going to stop thinking about it now . 
just got her acceptance letter from < PROPFEMALE > ! so is definitely going to college ! yay ! 
has officially set a new school AMC record . 
must remind herself never to watch < PROPMALE > before trying to sleep . 
i love < PROPMALE > , but i almost always know what's going to happen in it . i knew that kid in the car was going to describe jesus . i knew who the ice truck killer was . strangely , this doesn't diminish my love for the show . at all . 
< PROPFIRST > timberlake is so freakin ' hot . 
those fucking bastards . 
well , even if i don't get into mit , i can transfer or go there for grad school , right ? so it won't be THAT big of a deal if i don't get in . 
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461284756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936072602491412737245870066063 
i didn't get into mit . but at least i don't live in utah . then life would REALLY suck . 
is watching the end of < PROPMALE > . christ , it is depressing . 
SECOND PLACE ?! stupid lakeside lutheran and their stupid winning all the time . 
got waitlisted at carleton . 
sooo ... after a LOT of waiting , i'm going to < PROPFEMALE > , provided i don't get in off the wait list at oberlin or carleton . i was also waitlisted at < PROPMALE > , but i'm not staying on the list there b/c they don't offer financial aid for waitlisted students . rejected everywhere else ( sad face ) . i'm pretty okay with it , actually . i figure , i love < PROPFEMALE > , and if i end up not liking the school , i'll transfer . 
