The road to hell is paved with good intentions \Lauryn Hill \"" 

was told he was cute this week by a UK girl . :) 
is so exicted for his up incoming national speech competitions and journalism classes 
is here , and is significant . 
internalized this truth : \To be great is to be misunerstood . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
is ready for speechhhh team national competition and journalismmmm 
is tired . 
is taking up smoking for a healthy hobby . 
is alone . 
is in love . I had the tendency to fall fastly in love . 
is learning optimism and the < PROPMALE > of independence . 
says facebook is depressing . 
I look around and wake up alone . 
He takes all of my positive energy , trapped in my memory . 
< PROPMALE > is now a a broadcast journalism student . 
is now a broadcast jounalism student . 
will be loved the way he loves . 
cell phone as of today is lost and needs to be found . 
Today I called and talk to a staff member at Harvard University ... I told myself hey why not ? 
will be performing stand up comedy at \Comedy on the Couch\ " on the 3rd floor of atkin-colby at 9 pm today . " 
says thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday . 
is remarkably not depressed today , I am thankful for this . 
looks back and says \I've been thorugh the fire and the flood and I'm still here . \"" 
is in a open relationship with his mind . 
is in a prolific open relationship with his mind . 
is a little lonely :( 
was told to \take a hike\ " from someone who says their NOT trying to be rude ... laughable . " 
is fighting in the game of life . 
teacher learned under the same professor who taught < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Anyplace is better Starting from zero got nothing to lose Maybe we'll make something But me myself I got nothing to prove 
Anyplace is better Starting from zero got nothing to lose Maybe we'll make something But me myself I got nothing to prove2 hours ago clear 
wonders Is my Living in Vain ?... No , cause after all its eternal gain . 
lately I've been thinking about my own protection , so whats love got to do with it ? 
is the ultimate token . 
got to convey a message directly to < PROPFEMALE > Hill . ( his prophetess ) 
realizes that the cost/benefit factorin ending a relationship isn't always black and white . 
Personal truth is more powerful than socialization . 
All things can not be explained merely within and all solutions cannot be found merely within ... humans are social beings . 
is taking one day at a time in acheiving contentment . 
is learning to write broadcasting news YAY !!! 
was invited to perform in Peoria , Ill . Tommorow . 
has a terrible skin rash ... :( 
just had a heated racial debate with his friends who happen to be white . 
just had a heated racial debate with his friends who happen to be white .... talk about provocative ! 
for once won't say what's on his mind on facebook . 
Beware the false motives of others , Be careful of those who pretend to be brothers , and you never suppose it's those who are closet to you . 
Jesus was a socialist . 
is moving on . 
is sad . 
performed and had the croud the rocking . I feel much better . 
The love of all mankind Should reflect some sign Of these words I'm trying to recite 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > finially admitted he's gay . Congratulations ! 
DID SOME SERIOUS NETWORKING WITH LOCAL AND NATIONAL TV NEWS DIRECTORS TODAY !!! 
is fed up with quiet racism and speculating on it . 
was just told by a Hispanic criminal justice student that he is fine with racially profiling and does it all the time . 
needs peace of mind . 
is in a dilemma . Pride and dignity are having a war , sometimes fighting on the same side aganist me and for me . 
just got invited today to go to the house of a Olympics USA TODAY newspaper sports writerand also got two former TV Reporters < PROPFIRST > today . 
is on the front < PROPFEMALE > of the Daily Vidette newspaper TODAY ! 
I've been the victim of a selfish kind of love . 
Shot the sheriff But didn't shoot no deputy . 
Facebook is depressing . 
THe Daily Vidette Newspaper chose my picture as PIC OF THE WEEK ! 
is particpating in a Day of Silence a national movement bringing attention to the silence faced by gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender people and their allies . 
Black youth arrested for drug possession for the first time are incarcerated at a rate that is forty-eight times greater than the rate for white youth , even when all other factors surrounding the crime are identical . < PROPMALE > Wise 
Black youth arrested for drug possession for the first time are incarcerated at a rate that is forty-eight times greater than the rate for white youth , even when all other factors surrounding the crime are identical . < PROPMALE > Wise , Harvard and National Speaker 
has finally for the most part moved on . 
says \What's on your mind ? \"" 
just walked out of the presence of a friend because of his insensitive heterosexist remarks , which he calls jokes . 
just had his motion picture opening today . 
thinks he may have been deleted today by 2 people ... life moves on . 
room looks like a crackhouse according to < PROPFIRST > Luo ... interesting movies we are watching ... 
Living the status quo is boring . 
Exchanging self worth for company has been too costly . 
is < PROPMALE > L . < PROPMALE > and is loving that fact again . 
is in the process of weeding out negative influences and has been so much healthier because of it . 
is reminded everyday despite his accomplishments ; he's still a young black male . 
is writing a story on gay teen suicide . 
Fear is bes sustained by convincing them(blacks ) that their bodies are ugly , their intellect is inherently underdevel'oped , their culture is less civilized , and their future warrants less concern than that of other peoples . 
Fear is best \ 
sustained by convincing them(blacks ) that their bodies are ugly , their \ 
intellect is inherently underdevel'oped , their culture is less \ 
civilized , and their future warrants less concern than that of other \ 
peoples . 
QUESTION : How would you react if someone told you , to them you look like a classier homeless person ? 
is black . 
After much thought and conflict I've made the decision to disassociate myself with some crude so called family members and friends . 
I wonder my former bully's , ever thought about their legacy . I bet there are many former racists who live in regret . Will my generation feel this way about their mistreatment to us in the GLBT community ? 
I wonder if my former bully's ever thought about their legacy . I bet there are many former racists who live in regret . Will my generation feel this way about their mistreatment to us in the GLBT community ? 
I enlightened a young woman last night , which made the world less hurtful . Priceless . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > Z agree that < PROPFEMALE > Hill is the greatest female rapper of all time . I think she's the best of all time as well . 
A study came out recently that showed that over 90% of Whites disagree with reparations for Black decendents from slavery but when given the same scenario for them 61% wanted reparations . --- around the same # of blacks who agree with reparations . 
is going to < PROPFIRST > to audition to be on the reality show \Oprah's Next Big < PROPFEMALE > Talkshow Host ! \"" 
is going to < PROPFIRST > to audition to be on the reality show \Oprah's Next Big < PROPFEMALE > Talkshow Host ! \ " YEAH ! " 
is learning to better his rhetoric skills and arguments . 
QUESTION : Is it counter productive to assert that one is in a oppressed group in society ? 
wonders are there any non racist gay guys ? 
wonders why he has encountered so many racist gay guys . 
had a amazing 5 hour conversation/debate with another Bi guy ! Life is great(today ) 
is GETTIN ARAB MONEY !!!! (no offense to my arabiac facebook friends ) 
They sunk their teeth in my heart with their unconcern , and on one level I learned I let them , so I could feel some connection outside of myself . 
signed the Colorofchange.org petition to remove < PROPFIRST > Beck off of the television airways . 
spoke on the national radio < PROPMALE > Banks show yesterday on GLBT rights and is flying to < PROPFIRST > today to try out for his own talk show with Oprah . 
I'm doubtful and hopeful at the same time waiting to see if I make the call back for my OWN show on the Oprah Winfrey Network . 
is Black/African American/Negro according to the U.S Census . 
How Your Race Affects The Messages You Get On Dating Sites --- Great Study On My Profile(ITS SCARY ) 
Dolla Dolla < PROPMALE > Yall !!! lol 
Racism is Whack ! 
Homophobia is Whack ! 
is scared and sad that nearly all his friends have left ISU 
is starting to hold the belief that causual sex will never be right for me . 
is starting to hold the belief that causual sex will never be right for him . 
I feel more alive and happy that I got a wonderful cheap apartment for the year !!! 
It takes courage to stand in a church and advocate for equality as a person tells you your going to hell for your beliefs . ( I'm still smiling regardless of the ignorance ) 
is getting flown to the UK by his first ever boy friend in November to meet his folks ! 
My bf told me to tell all my friends Hi and thanks for the congrats ! His name is < PROPFIRST > Thompson(20 yr old ) he works as a professional model and lives in the UK and has houses in LA and < PROPMALE > . 
phone got stolen a few days ago ! 
phone got stolen a few days ago but better yet GAY MARRIAGE IS LEGAL IS CALI NOW !!! 
hates waiting in vain 
has more hope in his new found relationship ! 
loves his friend < PROPFIRST > Cotton and really likes his new room mates ! 
is loving his new classes and looking forward to creating a closer bond with friends and my sweetheart < PROPFIRST > 
is loving his new classes and looking forward to creating a closer bond with friends and his sweetheart < PROPFIRST > 
just got done shopping at Aeropostale , The Gap , and Hollister with his friend Meggie and < PROPFEMALE > , and then got some Prime Time Pizza ! 
just saw a very cute same sex couple holding hands at ISU ! 
is buying a new lab top . 
is cracking up that the ISU crime alert looks like a sketch of him ! 
just got his locks redone . 
has learned the lesson . 
got told by two people online last night \I don't do black guys \"" 
got told by two people online last night \I don't do black guys . \ " Racial Discrimination ironically in search of love hurts " 
ISU is by far the most unfriendly , cold , and cliquish place I’ve ever to in my life . 
Happy 75th B-Day to my Mom/Grandmom ! 
I AM WITH ONE OF THE GREATEST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD < PROPFIRST > LOU ... AND WERE GOING CLUBBING !! 
just got done meeting the actor B.D. Wong from Law & Order : SVU and thinks the crowd thought he was hitting on him ... lol 
is at the Illinois State University Speech Tournament ! 
< PROPMALE > Sanchez from CNN's < PROPMALE>'s list has been fired ??? This is such an injustice ! 
SOMEONE BRING < PROPMALE > SANCHEZ BACK !! 
My mindset is on moving foward so I don't dwell on things that bring my spirit down . 
Chillin with my friend < PROPFIRST > ! 
feels like he's being changed somehow through God . I thought this would NEVER happen . 
Hey friends , so I'm stared at all the time and I don't know why and it really freaks me out even though i try to hide it , why do you think this happens ? 
is crossing his fingers that this \lunch\ " leads to a date . " 
spent way to much money in downtown Chicago this weekend . 
had an amazing and shocking night . 
had an amazing and shocking night and just found out < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Mother was born in his small town ! 
walked out of a comedic show at ISU because of it's homophobic stereotypes . 
walked out of a comedic show at ISU because of it's homophobic stereotypes and posted a VIDEO on Youtube ! 
is here and from the looks of it , is here to stay ! 
Still I Rise 
is going to class folks . 
Goodbye Freedom of Speech , Hello Broadcast Journalism . ( Juan < PROPMALE > Joke \No Relation \")" 
is dreaming of a multicultural Christmas . 
has spent over 6,000 dollars needlessly OMG ! 
Life is good . 
45 pages to go . 
VOTE PEOPLE ! 
is engaged to life . 
I feel like I need a life right now . ( feelings aren't always an indicator or reality I realize ) 
Teach Me How to Dougie . 
hates to see anyone in pain who dosen't deserve it . 
Racial Prejudice will be the death of me ! (literally according to a Harvard study ) 
was part of an amazing study/1 on 1 interview that lasted for 3.5 hours on African American male bisexuality . 
Remember's when he had a bald fade ! 
is ready for love . 
THIS PAPER IS KICKING MY ASS ! 
It's Mr. Still Your Girl/Boy ! 
is alive . 
is Blessed to have such a friend as < PROPFIRST > Cotton ! 
is getting married to himself , once they legalize same person marriage ! 
I bet the neighbors know my name . 
is reconnecting with family this week ! YAY ! 
( FIRST ) As I sat on a couch with over $500 of clothing on , my room mate accuses me of stealing toothpaste . 
I'mm 22 NOW ! 
Thanks to everyone for their Birthday Wishes ! Have a great holiday . 
is in the Chicago < PROPFIRST > Hotel with friends celebrating my B-Day ! 
Obama for 2012 ! 
will find a date , once he finds someone who thinks gender roles are useless ! (I know I'm speaking in 3rd voice lol ) 
is lonely . 
is more optimistic . 
needs an internship ASAP ! 
I have noticed all my pics are just me . I guess I love myself more than most . 
Same Sex Civil Unions Are Legal In ILLINOIS ! 
is taking a 10 minute break . 
Whips His Hair Back and Forth ! 
Sometimes facebook is depressing . 
That wasn't awkard . It's facebook . 
My room mate is extremely disrespectful , rude , hostile , uncaring , and the list goes on . It would make a great reality show though . 
Actress and Model < PROPFEMALE > Heard from Pineapple Express Comes Out ! 
Some people never have class . 
It's been a long time coming but I'M STILL HERE ! 
Here I am world , and I'm here to stay ! 
Time heals all wounds . 
sees a silver lining . 
To use the word \gay\ " as a negative adjective is utterly despicable and non justifiable . " 
Former Abusive Friendsip Quote : Me : \D you treat me like crap ! \ " D: \ " < PROPMALE > but you are crap\ " lol " 
Why is my facebook friend < PROPFEMALE > on the < PROPFEMALE > show right now pranking her boyfriend ? 
Denial of pervasive racism is a huge part of the problem ( particularly in the gay community ) ... Post Racial My ASS ! 
If I have to write one more darn citation I'm going to pull one of my locks out . 
Should I delete this people ? 
just deleted two people out my life who made me feel less worthy and I feel much better . 
I can be changed by what happens to me . But I refuse to be reduced by it . ~ Maya Angelou 
Hanging with my sister and neice on Christmas Day . 
is back at ISU 
is livin it up ! 
LIBERALS STAND UP ! 
