Created a Facebook , out of randomity really . 

Added some content , I'll get around to a picture when I'm back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Posted my top loadouts from BattleClinic . 
Removed my profile picture , since it was outdated anyways . 
Facebook needs a hate list . 
Going to Toronto with < PROPFEMALE > and her mom . 
Heading to UOIT today , going to see some of there programs . They have a new Automotie Engineering building opening this year , I want to see that . 
According to UOIT all I need to do is take my SAT tests and I'm able to attend . Time to start studying lol . 
Why does almost all Canadian comedy shows suck ? Examples are Hiccups , and Corner Gas . Exceptions would be Trailer Park Boys . 
Going back to Florida tomorrow morning . 
Back in Florida , how bittersweet . 
Couldn't sleep . Took the RioEP out to the harbor , I think the battery may have been damaged due to water exposure . Probably due to the hairline cracks that were previously unnoticed . 
Uploaded some of my more recent fittings from BattleClinic . Not that anyone I know on here understands a thing contained in those links . 
I'm too tired to sleep . 
Going to work , then staying at a friends house . 
Finally home , and finally had a shower . 
Working as a cook today , partially trained . 
I accidentally all of my granola bar . 
Back from a friends , stayed the night to help trim some trees that where overhanging their house . Didn't sleep at all . So , very , tired . 
I start my training as a prep cook today . 
What started as a good day , ruined . 
Very long day at work . I worked alone on prep today . I was covered in all kinds of powders , mixes , and whatnot . 
BattleClinic made me a moderator , woot . 
Studying for the upcoming tests . 
Wrong about the test dates , I take the Essay and Science tests tomorrow . 
Two tests down , three to go . 
Finished with these tests , and I bought the < PROPMALE > Zombie - Icon 2 CD . It's been a good day . 
Picked up some SpiderWire Stealth Braid line , rated at 50lbs . As well as a Rapala X-Rap lure to replace the one I lost on cheap line . 
Finally feeling better , back to work today . 
Cleaned and reorganized my room , what a pain . 
Cheeto's tripping on catnip . 
Tired and feeling blank , guess I'll grab a drink and play New Vegas . Not like I have anything better to do . 
On my way home from the harbor . Was fixing the kinks in my R/C battleship . 
Seems like I can never get enough sleep , must be the new antibiotics . 
What's the point of me having this thing again ? 
What a miserable day , alone as usual and now my package is being delayed . Though commenting about it here is probably pointless . 
Mom bought a new ( to her ) car today . 
Cleaning my room before work . 
Been feeling sick this whole week , barely eating and sleeping too much . Just the thought of food makes me feel ill . 
Trying to keep my mind occupied is proving difficult , though necessary . When I'm not preoccupied I just think and get very depressed . Still not eating much either , though I've managed to eat a sandwich tonight . 
Bought a 32\ LCD HDTV . Using it mainly for a monitor . " 
Watching Wild Russia and cleaning my room . 
Going to the racetrack to practice with the SC10 . 
Joined Snap Fitness , it's a 24 hour gym in town . 
Dreaming is becoming a liability . 
Spent five hours in the emergency room today , most of it passed out . 
Off for the next two days . 
Cleaning my room , again . 
Pizza , Dr. Pepper , and < PROPFEMALE > . It'll be a good day . 
Payday , time to get working on the Focus . 
Cheetos sick again , hope this doesn't mean another vet visit . 
Finally bought a new computer chair . 
Submitted my FAFSA application . 
Monday I've got a placement test at < PROPMALE > State . 
Bored out of my skull . 
Always so damn tired . 
Cheeto's home from the Vet . Happy and healthy . 
Another late night , tired and unable to sleep . 
Time for work , tooth's still bugging me ugh . 
Test at the college this morning . 
