Happy New Year !!!!!!!!!!! 

Dwan is going to Iraq ! :-( I hate to tell everyone like this but I don't get to talk to alot of you very often . 
I am bored out of my mind at work .... thirty minutes to go ! 
Dwan left 3 weeks early . Please keep him in your thoughts or prayers . Whatever your thing is . 
whooo !!! COOGS WIN ! That game was awesome ! I'm ready for an undefeated season ! 
I am sleepy and going to bed . In case any of the rest of the college kids did not realize ( cause I didn't- until my bro rubbed it in my face ) , tomorrow is < PROPMALE > Day . We have to go to school and everyone else gets off . I miss those random holidays ! 
I should be writing a paper ... 
Why must Facebook fuel my procrastination ? 
I ate far too much McAllister's ... It was so good I just kept stuffing my face ... Now my stomach is paying the price 
< PROPMALE > mid term tomorrow ... Hope I do well ! 
I have been assisting in the hatching of chicks ( or hatch lings ) all morning . It is a little nerve wracking to be responsible for new-borns . 
I am quite annoyed .. and contemplating if I should keep it all in or EXPLODE !!! 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Had fun seeing < PROPFIRST > last night ! And the Opera was ok too , except for the creepy guy ! 
If you dont like the new Facebook , here is how you can change it back to the old . On the left column , at the bottom , click EDIT(or more ) . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . However new pics and business pages won't be shown . You can change between the old and new way though . 
I am so bored .. I should really go to sleep ... 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd marry you 3 . Talkative 4 . Sarcastic 5 . Bangable 6 . Clubhead 7 . Moody 8 . Dumb 9 . Spoiled 10 . Mouthy 11 . Random 12 . Hot 13 . Funny 14 . Fit 15 . Amazing 16 . Tough 17 . Cute 18 . Bf/gf material 19 . Player 20 . The best 21 . Freak 22 . Qu ...... iet 23 . Sexy 24 . Adorable 25 . Annoying 26 . Rude 27 . Boring 28 . Down to earth 29 . Cool 30 . A friend 
So I just tried Social interview for the first time and I have to say it is pretty fun ! 
How did we lose ? Ahh ! I am so upset . UCF 37 < PROPMALE > 32 ...... Really ? 
Dwan left for Kuwait at 11pm on Dec . 2nd . Please keep him in your thoughts . 
Just worked out for the first time in months . I am feeling great ! 
Going to Kona Grill with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for Happy Hour ! 
I am really groggy . Nobody should have to get up at 6 in the morning . 
I feel like daaannncing WOO ! daaannncing WOO ! Dance the night away . 
Let the sun beat down upon my face with stars to fill my dream 
Those baked and not fried Goldfish .. The wholesome snack that smiles back until you bite their heads off ... Did you know they're made with real cheese , even though they look like fishies .... The snack that smiles back .. GOLDFISH ! Eating Goldfish and got that stuck in my head ... Yummy 
Does anyone know how to get ahold of < PROPFIRST > Presley ? Or even remember him ? 
I am so dreading Spring semester ! 
Black with sequins 
Hungry ... waiting for Subway ... mmm 
Rolling out of bed at 2pm ... 
Eating Kashi Cinnamon Harvest and waiting for the maintenance guy to fix my drainage problem . Where is he ???!!!!!!! 
Eating greasy nachos and successfully typing with just my pinkys .... 
If anyone wants to send Dwan free calling cards while he is in Baghdad , there is a program called Cell Phones for Soldiers that will send him calling cards ( at no charge to us ) . If you are interested send me a message or an email and I can provide you with the information . 
It's Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . 
I baked cookies from scratch for the first time yesterday night . I started at 7pm and finished at 12am . Umm ... probably should not have baked sugar cookies that you have to roll out for my first baking experience . I made them heart shaped and am sending them to Dwan for < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! I hope they make it enact to Dwan in time ! 
What is up with Facebook always changing stuff on me ! 
I'm sorry but it is too cold to go to to class ! 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse or significant other . And make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this as your status . -- dating for 2 years and four months and newly engaged ! 
is hungry , but I just ate . What is the deal here ? 
Ready for Spring weather ! 
I normally go to the gym to run but I just went for a jog in my neighborhood for the first time and I am feeling pretty good ! 
Just in case anyone is worried ... < PROPFIRST > is fine . He lives very close to where the plane crash happened and used to work next to the building that was crashed into . He hasn't been home yet but I am sure everything is fine the air just might be a bit smoky . He said he loves everyone too ! 
My baby's turning 22 tomorrow ! I hope he enjoys his Birthday as much as possible in Baghdad . 
Watching Friends and trying to will myself to stop and go to bed ! 
About to go to < PROPMALE > to celebrate < PROPFIRST>' birthday ! 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Went to a Manchester Orchestra concert tonight and ready for bed ! 
Just made Apfelringe mit Biertieg and it took me way longer then I expected . So instead of doing < PROPMALE > homework I cooked a < PROPMALE > dessert lol . 
Excited to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3d tonight ! 
La ti da 
DO a dear a female dear 
Went shopping today on Westheimer . I swear to you I tried on 40 dresses . It was absolutely ridiculous . I am not even a dress person , or I wasn't lol . I am beat ! I bought five of them but I almost left with twice or three times that ! 
Happy St. Daddy's Day 
Last day of freedom ! :-( 
Needs to work on her Review for her < PROPMALE > Midterm . Goodbye Facebook ! 
mmmm milk and chocolate chip cookies , nicht sehr gesund , aber ist das mir egal , weil sie gut schmecken 
went to my cousins wedding tonight ... tried to separate myself from the pack ........ but I caught the bouquet anyway ! Dwan and I are so perfect for each other ! 
Ich trinke viel leckeres Bier zur anderen Hochzeit ! 
OMG ! I learned to ride a bike today at the park . It was fabulous ! 
So much to do so little time !!!!!!! 
White Rabbits and red-headed sluts tonight ! 
I keep getting checks in the mail from my OBGYN . Shouldn't it be the other way around ? 
I woke up with no electricity in a pool of sweat . Next time you electricians repair my braker , Could you please let me know ? Thanks . 
So I have my language for Facebook set to < PROPMALE > . I am learning a lot of new words ! 
I would pick being a jackass over being an elephant any day . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE>'s . That was a nice confidence booster and a great workout . Now I am chillin at home watching South Park and anticipating Dwan's return !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dwan comes home July 18th !!!!!!! I am so ready ! 
Saw the Killers tonight with my brother . It was a pretty good movie . Funny moments and romantic ones . Then went out for ice cream . It was fun but man teenage boys are a little annoying . Love ya < PROPFIRST > ! 
So I have an infected wisdom tooth , and I have the surgery this Friday . I postponed it for a year , now I have to do it . 
This whole not talking thing is driving me a little crazy ! 
Dwan is leaving Baghdad today ! I am so excited ! One step closer to being home with me . I can't believe we lived without eachother for so long . I miss you baby ! 
Only one week left ..... I am so excited to have my life and love back again !!!!!!!!!! 
So I was looking through some photos by < PROPFIRST > Stender and it looks as though he has photographed two girls I know < PROPFIRST > Kegley and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I believe y'all share a mutual friend < PROPFEMALE > Spears . I just thought that was really weird and shows what a small world this is ! 
Dwan is finally home !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have had a great first week back with Dwan . We have gotten so much done , and I have cooked so many meals ! I forgot how much I actually enjoy cooking ( at least when it is for more than just myself) ! 
I got some much needed sleep today after an awesome weekend camping and hiking ... oh and climbing a freaking waterfall ! It was beautiful ! 
I came up with the brilliant idea to go bungee jumping the other day . The two closest places to go are in < PROPFIRST > and South Padre Island , so Dwan < PROPFIRST > and I are headed down to South Padre tomorrow for a mini vacation ! 
Went to yoga last night and man am I feeling the burn today ! 
yum .. buffalo burgers with blue cheese and homemade fries . Delicious ! 
I am so bored ... I wish Dwan < PROPFIRST > would stop watching Bleach .... 
Heading down to < PROPMALE > in a few hours .... 
I have had a pretty awful last week of freedom . I hope everything starts looking up ! 
So everybody half of my keyboard is broken on my phone , so if I don't respond to your texts please email me , call me or get ahold of me on facebook . Also I cannot always check my voicemail or call a number that's not already in my phone . Hopefully I will get a new phone soon just an fyi for y'all . 
mmm ... juicy oranges are the best ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Metzger and < PROPFEMALE > Marrow , what are y'all doing this weekend ? Are we all free ? 
sigh ... 
WHOOOOOOOOOOO'S HOOOOOOOUUUSSE ? 
Bought a Nikon D3000 today ! I cannot wait to start using it . 
I am sure Google was targeting people like me today ( easily amused ) . I am so amused by the graphic today I felt like sharing it with all of my friends ! If you are interested go to Google and play with dots . I keep forgetting they did this graphic every time I open Google to search for something , and it makes me happier with each new search . You should check it out ! 
Yuck greasy burgers and fries ...... I am tired of eating crap ... I need to eat healthy again ...... I blame you Dwan < PROPFIRST > ! 
I have a headache I am going to bed ! 
When my photography savvy friends get a < PROPMALE > I would love for you to check out my 24 angles album ! 
I like it where I can find it ! 
I just finished my website . Now after days of procrastinating I can start this stupid review ! 
So much to do today ! 
Looking forward to Halloween weekend ! 
I totally keep forgetting that my birthday is next week ... too busy ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Metzger , < PROPFEMALE > Marrow and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Are y'all free Saturday ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Newman , < PROPFEMALE > Schacht Farrell , Cillian < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Farrell , < PROPFIRST > Farrell I would like for all of us to get together on Friday for my birthday . We can go out to eat or just meet at Mom's and play cards and stuff . I don't need anything I would just like to get everyone together , if y'all are available . Do you have any suggestions ? I wouldn't mind either option . 
Thank you to all the Veterans ! 
On my way to San < PROPFIRST > with Dwan ! 
Anyone in San < PROPFIRST > tonight ? Dwan is going out with his army buddies and I have nothing to do ! 
So bored ........ 
Stop tempting me Facebook ... I am too busy to distract myself with you ! 
I feel \normal\ " .... not liking it .... " 
I just had a brilliant idea ! Dwan < PROPFIRST > shouldn't be a personal trainer ; he should be a mime . Then he would have an excuse for using only non-verbal cues to communicate . It would be the perfect job for him ! 
Man I loved the Magic School Bus when I was little . I like this new profile picture thing . I am getting back a lot of great memories ( of me watching a tv as a child ) . 
It's just a jump to the left .... 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Italian . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And then you complain about your neighbor being an immigrant ! Pull yourself together ! Copy this if you are against racism . 
studying for my < PROPMALE > final ... 
Stop with the number crap , please ! 
This weekend definitely did not turn out like I expected it to ... 
A high of 82 on winter solstice ? I think so ! Awesome ! 
Last day working at the Rec Center ... 
Is anyone trying to sell a car or know someone they trust who is ? 
Congratulations ! You have survived the second round of cuts ... 30 \friends\ " down ... " 
Ferrerro Rocher und Riesling aus Mosel ... yumm ! Es schmeckt mir gut ! 
Ich habe Hunger !!!!! 
This early bedtime thing is not working for me ! Goodnight ! 
Had a super productive weekend ! Went to my sister's , < PROPMALE > out and discussed wedding plans , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and made dinner , went to Bridal Extravaganza with mom , < PROPFEMALE > and her mom , then out to eat , cleaned the apartment , and more ! Wow ! I can do so much when Dwan is out of town ! 
* leans in for a kiss , our lips meet , jumps back in shock ( literally )* \ 
me : \Why does this keep happening to me ? I just want to love you\ " \ 
Is sooo bored ... Dwan < PROPFIRST > stop playing Fallout ! 
Tried to make lamb and risotto tonight .... failed horribly ... The rice was still hard and the lamb was a horrible fatty cut of meat ... At least my classes went well !!!! 
I am ready to hit Dwan < PROPFIRST > with a snowball ! Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
This not having power thing is not going to work for me ... I have two tests tomorrow , a press release and a < PROPMALE > essay due ... ugh 
Just bought my wedding dress ! 
Yes ! I placed second in women's beginner for the anti-gravity climbing competition and I won the coloring contest ! woot woot ! Does all of this good fortune mean I don't need to study tonight ? 
Cowboy Stew , jalapeño cheese cornbread and rice I love you ! yumm ... Full in less than nine minutes ... amazing ! 
getting sicker with each day .... 
Where is the most beautiful place you have camped/hiked in Texas ... I need to get out during Spring Break ! 
Boohoo ! No yoga today ! I have to write a speech and finish my cinema paper . I hope I get it done ! 1st step : Stay off Facebook ! 
loves days when I can enjoy the weather and lay on the hill next to the satellite .... yes vitamin d ! 
Does anyone have a tent a can borrow for a few days ? 
who has a tent I can steal for a couple days ? 
I love outdoor climbing ! awesome weekend ! 
Red delicious Apple ... 
Oh sun how I have missed you this week ... thank you for finally returning and brightening my day ! 
I am now an organ donor ! Only 6.21% of residents in Texas are donors . That's awful ! 
Finished my < PROPMALE > essay ... ugh so tired ! Bed time ! 
