is tired and in pain , but on top of that , he has a lot of homework but hey- thats what sunday nights are for 

i farted ......... just kidding . im new to facebook and i dont know how to do anything 
games this weekend .... uh ! 
i have 2 days left of summer practice 
uh ....... bad kiwi . jk 
i get to sleep in !!!! 
needs to relax 
theres weird people in random in-n-out pictures ! there scaring me 
3 more weeks ...... 
im hurt 
before and after 
i cant walk down the stairs without sitting down because of weights . its retarded 
i got 11 hours of sleep ....... YES 
Im loving getting up at 5 every morning for practice , going to school , going to practice after school till 5:30 , and having homework and starting all over again all on 6 hours of sleep !!! ISN'T SCHOOL THE GREATEST ? cant wait for more 
relaxin 
2nd day of P90x ! i want one of those stair chairs like the old lady in gremlins . 88 more days of killing myself ..... and i love it 
Voglio andare a letto adesso , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > l do < PROPFEMALE > ni < PROPFEMALE > l 
bored 
I am rilassante 
we lost homecoming ........ FOOTBALL ! YEAH ! 
had the worst night at homecoming . i tripped and fell and then got beat up . im glad to hear it was great for everybody else . jk . lol 
is farmville any good ? i always see people playing it 
is tired of everybody talking smack on each other when they are teammates , and if they have problems with someone , they need to talk it out and not talk trash . 
tired ..... day 10 down ......... 80 more days 
nacho libre for the first time tonight 
new phone number : 951 240 6569 
good song = prettiest friend by < PROPFIRST > mraz 
day 17 down 
sore 
is making video guitar lessons to put on youtube 
went to disneyland yesterday . it was national gay day . i wore red on accident and was hit on by several gay guys . fml 
lesson learned today : dont drink moms hand-sanitizer 
sick ... yuck 
still sick ....... 
got to go shopping for a poker face 
ZZZZzzzzzzzz 
told < PROPFEMALE > i wouldnt ,....... i just got back from shooting < PROPFEMALE>'s with my sniperifle 
repainted his bike 
day 1 and day 30 results will be up in about 2 days .... get ready everyone 
worked out , and now has to do homework catching up from his absenses 
was a guitar hero for hero day , and is debating wearing a wet suit for beach day tomorrow 
was hot today 
< PROPFIRST > ! i left my phone in ur car ! rrrrrrrrrr ! whats ur number so i can call you 
happy that we won the game , spelt out GR8 OAK ! with paint on our chests , and the streaker ? -Why would you stop running ? 
how was the PSAT ? 
taking pictures of results 
just found out that after he demanded paranormal activity to come to temecula , every day-it happened . your welcome everyone ! (got an e-mail ) 
going to benni < PROPFEMALE > for dinner 
dinner was yumm 
crap ...... got ab ripper now 
now pick 4 people to share your results with .... 
is looking at audis . 
got another behind the wheel tonight at 7:00 pm . drivers test is monday 
zzzzzzzzzzz 
3 hours of sleep and i get to go to school !!!! 
i dont get this whole ' live feed ' thing . its pissing me off 
has a Chipotle burrito in front of him , but cant eat it yet 
licence on monday at 8:40 
DINNER ! and im hungry like a wolf 
GOT HIS LICENSE !!!! 
got his license , first thing he did was buy a power bar 
is happy 
gets to eat a meal that he helped prepare 
is extremely pissed off 
homework ..... 
got license , now needs a car .... mnmmmmm 
still needs a car ..... 
DAY 60 is comming up soon 
Non vedo l'ora di Halloween 
Halloween did not go as planned ..... 
Halloween plans went downhill 
went to in-n-out in hooters girl outfits , needless to say the place blew up laughing 
feels good for some reason 
to all who are sick , get better 
Good job GREAT OAK in Volleyball . < PROPFEMALE > - you did great ! 
has been sick all weekend 
Is everybody enjoying there break ? 
football at birdsaw was fun , we had like 18 people on each team all playing at once 
rain rain 
tape up the grips ? 
good song dont know why : need you now by lady antibellum 
dressed up for heavy rain , only realizing it was just sapposed to be cold 
On to Math ..... 
fun practice , now if i were alowd to play with the returns it would be way better , but im stuck with freshmen that cant pass 
Cars : 2010 FORD RAPTOR SVT 
wants to be a weather man , so that he can lie to people just like they have been . stupid rain 
cant wait to practice(run ) in the rain 
Whens Prom ? 
Has nothing to do 
2 weeks of this ! 
Avatar = coolest movie ever . Its a must see 
is missing YOU ! 
I cannot wait untill school tomorrow . it will be so fun 
school rocks my socks right off and into the world of fun ! YES ! SCHOOL ! 
what are you taking after psychology ? (for those that are taking it now ) 
Went on a Safari thanks to < PROPMALE > 
forever young- < PROPFIRST > z 
same old , same old 
DO NOT use the group \lets you know when ur friends view your page \"- ITS A VIRUS ! Remove now ! " 
the night is young , and i have no plans :( 
Loves reading about what good things Obama has to say . Needles to say it is a VERY short < PROPFEMALE > 
saw a sick lacrosse injury tonight 
bets anyone he can do 100 push-ups in 1 minute ! 
tired 
is sick 
Forever Young 
a double leg takedown 
1,065 days left obama ! want to do something that will matter ? 
feel better < PROPFIRST > ! that looked like that really hurt ! i got their team back tho so thats why they were asking for my name ! lol 
Joy ride with a Yellow < PROPFEMALE > SLK55 = Awsome ! 
Crazies is a must see 
DID < PROPFIRST > CALL ? lol 
According to today's Rap , Alvan and the chipmunks are PIMPS 
took a nap for 2 hours(way longer than the expected 30 mins ) and now feels like crap 
People spend too much time wanting what they dont have , that they dont realize what they do have 
2 words : El Pollo Loco 
My hat goes off to the Boys Varsity Lacrosse team . great game 
loves when you need someone to take you somewhere , then they take off 
SparkNotes may be the best thing every invented 
Beach on Spring Break- Anyone wanna go ? 
Anyone who says Health Care is a prayer answered is someone who relies on Gov ' handouts because they are too irresponsible to take care of themselves ! Expand Medicaid and Social Security ? OK ! Great ! LET'S EXPAND TWO FAILED SYSTEMS ! For the land of the controlled and the home of the dependent ! Welcome to < PROPFEMALE > . Game over- < PROPMALE > Hazen 
http://www.formspring.me/nickricchio 
Nothing like 3-400 pound tires + a hill = a world full of soreness tomorrow 
Hates when he falls asleep for too long and when he wakes up he feels like crap 
I LOVE early morning \Dental appointments\ " that make you miss 1st period . lol " 
Going to Six Flags on monday , trying to get a group after the originals bailed(3 are for sure now ) . You will need your own ticket ( if you buy online instead of $56 dollars it would be $33 dollars ) . Can possibly give rides to those who want to go- lmk asap 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EGHHjN0bQs&feature=related still want to ride it ? 
Going to Six Flags on monday , trying to get a group after the originals bailed(4 are for sure now ) . You will need your own ticket ( if you buy online instead of $56 dollars it would be $33 dollars ) . Can give rides to those who want to go- lmk asap ------ if you dont really know me too well- who cares ! were gonna have fun 
SIX FLAGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SixFlags Tomorrow !!!!!! Who wants to go ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6lh4JRgJi8&feature=related funniest video ever 
SixFlags 2 times in 3 days . < PROPMALE > and I had a little conspiracy talk in the back lol 
http://www.illuminati-news.com/moriah.htm this will blow your mind- its very long so make time ! 
is reading up on the ILLUMINATI(the people who run EVERYTHING !! ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m89SB59DT34 http://www.illuminati-news.com/moriah.htm 
To everyone planning on going to the beach ...... THE WATER IS FREEZING !! I dare you to go out there without a wetsuit and last 15 mins 
Nothing like celebrating with lobster tail and crab legs 
Great time at the Duck's Game , they just had to lose after i talk all that smack 
Has \Gotten Ready\ " only twice this entire break " 
I LOVE SCHOOL !! ITS GREAT TO BE BACK !!! 
You cant make an omelet without breaking some eggs 
Countdown till this Friday 
Was led on , then shot down 
Gonna Try to Actually Do My Homework ........ Dont Know How That Will GO 
17 ! 
Got a DJ TIESTO album signed by Tiesto for my birthday 
SuperHero day tomorrow ........ I'm getting ready to be laughed at hahahahahah 
American History X is one of the greatest movies ever made 
There are some serious retards out there ...... 
Missed A VERY big opportunity 
Thanx < PROPFIRST > 
Nightmare on Elmstreet is awsome 
15 < PROPFEMALE > English Essay that ONLY MY TEACHER IS DOING !!!!! 
Along with others made a new sport____Aswome !! 
I just want to make it clear to everyone that I Love English Essays 
Soaking Oreos in Milk until the're soggy . 
Nap 
Dyed his hair 
Went rabbit hunting in my backyard and found an old Easter egg with 5 bucks in it and a Reese's peanut butter cup 
Saw a kid Rave dancing in the front of the pechanga mart . This kid was hardcore hahahah 
Everybody needs to chill with all these freaking Groups 
Late morning jog tomorrow ? I think so 
Stop worrying about what others think of you . Its your life , not their's . 
Beach today ? Definatly . 
964 ..................... 
1 More Week of FUN !!!! Summer i can almost taste you- and you taste like sunscreen . 
Temet , you need to call me now 
Back from running 4 < PROPMALE > . Its freaking hot out there 
PBing on Friday ? I think so ! 
Eminems new album is CR4z3Y !! 
Im Afraid im gonna kill this song but i cant get enough of it . 
Haters can act like bees with no stingers and drop dead 
Going Hunting with < PROPFIRST > at Midnight , hope we dont get stalked by a pack of cyote's again and have to book-it ! Lol good times when the life is in danger 
Went hunting at Midnight using a 3,000,000 candle power spotlight , out of the blue came a SKUNK and we OWNED its face !!!!! Downside is we went in for a closer look , and saw green goo coming from its Belly !!! Anyways now we smell like skunk . THE END of a sick night 
Freedom doesnt come unless there is blood spilled first 
I feel tough whenever I listen to Eminem , so I always have to remind myself that Im not 
Beatdown City 
Got lit up by < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
El Himnasio 
Despicable Me is actually really Funny- See it in 3D cause the Credits are Funny too 
Got a < PROPMALE > Long VICE ! 
Why am I Still Awake ? 
I'm sweating like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in a \Toys ? Us \"" 
Disneyland ? Yes 
Heading back up to my Hometown in OC to go to the Beach with childhood friends i havnt seen in years . Gonna Remember this one 
Scrimmaging D2-D3 teams ? Yes . 
Freaking school'd D2 teams 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ordered a bigmac at Burger < PROPMALE > and got one . 
Anyone else going to Havisu this weekend ? 
Back from the river . My back is shot 
My Phone belongs in San Fransico 
Is the senior dance a big thing or is n o-o ne going ? 
ALL Nighter ? Yep . 
SCHOOL !!!!!! YES YES YES YES !!!!!! I CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW !!!! SCHOOL IS THE BESTIEST 
SixFlags was fun . 
Played Invisible Rope with Friends- I have to say that is the most fun ive had in a long time 
AriZona Raspberry Tea 
I need some new music ....... Anyone got good \pump up songs \"?" 
WCPPL on this Saturday and Sunday , lets hope we make it to Sunday ........ 
School is so exciting ! I love Suprize Quizes !!!!! 
Some people blow things WAY OUT OF PROPORTION !!! 
I think my body wants to kill me 
Me and < PROPFIRST > went for a run full of hills in Fallbrook . Dont even know how much we ran but im dead . 
< PROPMALE > , you poke me again and everything we once had will be over ! 
So Dance , Dance like its the Last , Last time YOU WILL EVER PLAY THAT SONG ! 
Mock BUD/S training day at the beach destroyed me . Waking up that next morning to do a 3-man tourny- In a nut shell , im a fatigued zombie 
We lookin ' fo you- We go ' find you , we go ' find you ! 
If any men are truly interested in a Navy career(SEALs ) after high school or even college , join me and my friends for a FREE mock BUD/S session every couple Fridays or Saturdays @ the Oceanside pier 
< PROPFIRST > at my house ( no sleep ) , Paintballing tomorrow , dance that night ( no sleep ) , then scrimmaging on sunday . 
< PROPFEMALE > Underwood is a CHAMP live 
So does this weather mean i can wear a jacket now or will it be 102 tomorrow ? 
I like it on the swingset 
Dear Friday , why dont you fell like a Friday ? 
Its 11:33 pm and i want to climb something 
tackled 3 movies this weekend , each on their own day . Mission accomplished 
A man can only be beaten in two ways : He either QUITS , or he DIES 
Wings tonight at 6- Sports < PROPFEMALE > - Be there . 
Wings was a great success . 
The Town is Amazing 
Mr. Beach's Project Time !!!!!!! 
Epic thumb war fight at Lunch today 
Paranormal 2 was scary . I heard stuff downstairs when i came home late . 
Hearing Stuff 
Costume Shopping was a + 
On Facebook on a school computer . Yeah 
Finally got my Senior Pics done . Glad thats over with . 
Universal Studios Horror Night : Panda with a Red Bull is a + 
Halloween will be Great 
One word for tonight : Awsome . 
Tuxedo cheescake ? 
Saving lives all day every day 
And the Republicans take the House !!!!! 
Got a Mohawk 
< PROPFIRST > Legend is Beast live 
WCPPL CAL JAM !! Beast mode [ On ] Off 
15 hour recovery sleep has never felt so good 
WOW i love getting sick 
Ducks game tonight 
Going away party for my sis ** Sniff***sniff 
Eating a fortune cookie while leaning in a chair , and right as i go to open it , my chair slips out from under me causing me to fall backwards , and my fortune read , \You are a practical person with your feet on the ground \"- thanks Panda Express " 
I forgot why i drank coffee at 11 at night ......... 
Guitar Center in the morning , Training with Goreggy , visit Finn and make him loose customers . Should be a fun day 
I hate when people say that naps feel good . I feel like crap when i wake up 
Does anyone in Government know if Marbury v < PROPFEMALE > is Activism or Restraint ? 
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN ACTIVISM and RESTRAINT ? 
Soda is soooooo BAD for you 
im half way done with my project im already falling asleep oh boy ...... 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do it . 
I never watched spungebob as a kid ..... i didnt think it was even out then . liars . 
Spongebob did not air untill May 1 , 1999 . Suck . On . That . Posers ! lol 
First time in a steam room . Does anyone go to the gym these days ? 
Im going to be the last one to change their picture back 
I think i want to kill < PROPFIRST > Bieber 
If there is anyone who needs Beach's Study guide talk to me now 
Mt . High tomorrow ? 
I cant move 
Shredded the POW POW at mh ? 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to LIVE . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , it is my honor to copy and paste this as my status 
I finally finished my study guide . When in Rome ... 
Fighter and TRON were both extremely great movies 
So im sick , i can barely walk cause of these muscle aches 
And i still havnt done my X-Mas shopping cause of this stupid virus 
I think this was the only Christmas where i actually wanted clothes 
Advice to ErBody : Invest in Nerf guns and wage wars inside houses . Most fun ive had in a while 
Shredded the POW POW at Mt . High 
\And im gonna pick the world up and im gonna set it back down ! \"- Big < PROPMALE > " 
Back from El Himnasio and made 5 eggs with ham tossed in . One word , super spectacular . 
Dominated to Buffet tonight !!! 
I think its funny how the Nurses at our school arn't authorized to give kids Advil . I guess they think im going to crush it up , boil it down while adding cleaning product in the school bathroom and snort it . 
Leaving tomorrow for the full weekend at Bear Valley , its gonna be sick ! 
Takin care of the kids all weekend 
Its On : Dumb and Dumber Tuxes with < PROPFIRST > Golling 
It puts the lotion in the basket ! Or else it gets the hose again . 
Take a good hard look cause im sailing on a boat 
I'll bear that cross with an honor , ' Cause freedom don't come free . 
Just Relaxing all weekend 
Time to work out for the first time in 2 months after being a sick zombie ..... this should be interesting . 
Had fun Shredding the hard-packed snow at Mt . High . Got a little scraped up but ill live . 
So I got really Sunburnt on my face while I was riding today- this wont go well since its < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Very fun night 
I like my beats fast and my bass down low 
To whom this may concern : If any of you were not at Mt . High this weekend you missed the best snow it has ever gotten . 2 Full days and i cannot even walk from all the Shredding of the POW POW 
Mammoth this weekend ? YES . 
MAMMOTH BABY !!!!!!!!! 
1st Day of Mammoth : sucked- 90 mph winds and complete white out snow storm . They closed the mountain . Day 2 made up for it- < PROPFEMALE > then began to snow later . Got back in under 5 hours . An adventure to say the least 
Honestly if anyone is looking for a new cereal- try Raisin Bran Crunch 
Had a Great night with < PROPFEMALE > Lawyer :) 
100 Burpees for starts . < PROPFIRST > I now know how it feels even though i only did like half you do in your sleep ! I meet a SEAL in the gym today too 
Restrepo is one of the greatest documentaries ever made 
Nothing a McGangBang wont solve 
My stomach feels like there is a heavy rock in it 
SpringBreak ? Yes Sir 
3 Hours of sleep in 48 hours exactly- running 2 < PROPMALE > in under 14mins . and a Leg workout and then a Back workout the next day . Mission secured 
Saw : < PROPFIRST > , SuckerPunch , Limitless , and < PROPMALE > Lawyer . All Great 
NPPL Hunnington- SICKKKK 
Noboday is going to hit as hard as Life , -But it aint about how hard your hit , Its about how hard you can get hit , and KEEP MOVING FORWARD ! HOW MUCH YOU CAN TAKE , AND PICK YOURSELF BACK UP ! \ 
\ 
Until you believe in YOURSELF , you aint gonna have a LIFE 
