wishes everyone Happy New Year !!!!!!! 

is still having a fun time at < PROPMALE>'s house !!!!!! 
is watching movies and trying to stop being bored ! She misses the party and making graveyards !!!! 
cut her two of her finger's while eating crab at the New Year's party !!! They really hurt ! 
can't wait until the 6th !!! 
is all moved into her dorm !!! My roommate is SSSOOOO AWESOME !!!!!! 
is going to explore campus today with her roommate !!! 
Jesus wrote on our white board !! 
is going to class at 10:10 . Then her classes end for the day at 4:50 !!! 
does not like East Campus cuz the building is like a frickn maze !!!! 
Back home in Lock Haven !!!!! 
is sleepy ! 
is ssssooo sleepy again ! I have class at 3:40 this afternoon and I have to read my Physics book and do some exercises in my Writing course ! 
is waiting for my 2:30 class 
is drinking more coffee and about to go to class . 
is weirded out ! 
is going to class in about 40 minutes ! 
is in love with the vid 21st century living . 
is awake and waiting for her first classes then thinking of going to Fall Fest !! 
is still upset that her laptop isn't fixed !!!!!!! 
still has no laptop and thinks that this is getting ridculous ! 
thinks that people in her Fencing club are so funny ! 
is a good actor ! 
needs to get a laptop for tomorrow ! 
took the diseased laptop back to Stevenson ! 
has to stay on task today ! She has to study for her Mass Communication's and Phyics test ! Yuck Phyics !!!!! 
is craming for Physics and wishes < PROPFIRST > was off work ! 
is studying for a few then has a Mass Comm test then later her Physics test !! BOO ! Physics ! 
though her Physics test was a breeze ! Now off to Health class in a few then to Fencing practice at 8 in East Campus's gym ! 
didn't get home from Dunkin ' until 12:45 ! < PROPFIRST > was tickling her to death and the Dunkin ' Donut's guy was watching ! -crys- 
shoulder hurts ssooo much ! It hurts to lay on it and move even to crack my back ! I should have been less stubborn ! 
is happy she got her laptop back ! She just downloaded Avast and Mozilla Firefox so that she didn't have to deal with the Help Desk people ! 
has class at 8 then going down to the PUB at 10 to study with < PROPMALE > . After that has a test at 3:40 then has practice ! Plus is to tired to stay awake ! 
is washing some clothes then waiting until 8 to go to Fencing practice ! 
is going to Fencing practice in a few minutes ! Will be back home around 10 . 
is having trouble breathing from fencing practice . < PROPFIRST > tried to make a joke about it and apparently I don't look well . 
is much better now . I'm sorry to everyone that I worried last night . That wasn't the first time that I did that . 
won't be on much today and tomorrow . My mother hates facebook so I have to delete my history for their arrival here tomorrow . -sighs- I don't want to see my mother . I'm so ready for practice Monday . I hope my knee can move without my help by then . 
will be on tomorrow . Can't wait until practice ! 
is happy her parents got her a connection into her career . 
is so tired . I have to ask my professor how I should write my body paragraphes now because they're messed up . Can't wait untill practice ! ^-^ 
just woke up and has to go do laundry and type a paper before I go to class . Then after class going to some kinda of fencing tournament somewhere . 
just got home a few minutes ago . I need to finish a paper due today , get a shower , and go to sleep then get up and go to class . I'm going to be so tired . 
is done with her paper just needs to go type it and e-mail it to a few people then go to class . Once she gets out of her last class she's going to get her knee checked out . 
is done with class until 3:40 . Going to be in PUB for a little then go home and read a little before Politcs . ^-^ Can't wait until practice ! I want to see what I can do with this wrap on my knee . 
is sick of the wrap on her knee ! It cuts off curculation . ^-^ Can't wait to see how it works in Fencing in a half an hour ! 
is going to class then probably in town to buy some things ! 
got terrorized by < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . They took my cell phone and I apparently went into withdraw from it . ^-^ That's sad ! 
is having problems with her knee again . It keeps burning . 
has to go to practice in like 2 hours . Yay ! She's also studying for her Map Test in Politics on Thursday and Health Mid-term on Wednesday . Wish me luck !! 
has class to 12 then more class to 5 ! ^-^ fun day specially when everything is MONDAY ! 
has a Health mid-term in a few hours ! 
has class in a few minutes . Also has to continue studying for her Health and Wellness mid-term today and her Map test in Politics tomorrow ! 
is dreading taking the Health mid-term . The prof said if we looked over the paper he gave us yesterday , we would be fine . I'm not the best test taker and I'm really nervous . 
thinks she did ok of the Health mid-term and just can't wait to see the grade . Tomorrow she has a Map test in Politics and thinks she know's enough to pass it pretty easily . Just hope he doesn't have the Amazon or Congo river on it because she has trouble in location the right one . 
is going to her Physics lab after she manges to print it out . Then probably off to the PUB !! Lastly Politcs then Fencing practice . 
~_~ snow !! I hate the cold !!!!! 
is finally getting her baby(laptop ) back today ! The Help Desk people told her that they have to put Cisco(log-in system ) and McAfee(retard virus protection that does NOT work ) back on ! She hopes that Cisco wil still work without McAfee because she is going to delete it and put Avast back on because they DELETED it again !! SHE IS SO MAD !!!!!!! 
is going to watch Zombieland tonight and is trying to get < PROPMALE > to come along too ! It's not working . 
finally got her laptop back ! 
is so tired . She can't wait to hit this map test head on . She thinks she's almost ready ! YAY 
Fuck my life ! 
is crying . I can't believe I would let myself be so weak . Tears are the safety valve of the heart when too much pressure is laid on it . 
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just < PROPFEMALE > around until you get used to it . 
is so bored . Can't wait until practice tonight !!! 
won't be on at all this weekend . She's going back to her hometown when her father picks her up at 1pm today . On the way back , she has to drop her laptop off somewhere in Lewistown to get it completely checked and get better anti-virus protection . Text the cell or call if you want ! ^-^ She's never doing anything imporant back there ! lol 
is back in Lock Haven and so happy ! She really missed home ! 
stressed herself out last night since she didn't have her computer this weekend . 
can't believe she reacted the way she did in a fencing thing . I'm sorry < PROPFIRST > ! I don't normall attack like that and no one has ever tried to help me while in a state of panic or whatever it looked like . 
is 100% back to her normal self . Don't worry ! 
is unbelievely cold , because her roomie wanted the window open last night to take the heat out , and tired . 
is going to get stabbed(give blood ) at 5:30 since she can't get it in before the conference in a half an hour or between her classes . 
FAILED to give blood . Her iron was 12.0 when it needs to be 12.5 to give so all she is suffering from is two stiff fingers . lol !!! 
is freezing cold and drinking an energy drink before class . ^-^ Wonders how she'll act when she sees < PROPMALE > after class . LOL ! All she knows is that she can't handle Rockstar very well . 
can't believe she got up so early and can't read . She has to get some food soon because she really needs it today . Can't have another yesterday ! lol 
can't put up with < PROPFEMALE > ( laptop ) any longer . She is only 3 months old and she is SO temperamental that I can't take it . 
is going to be a around 15 to 20 minutes late to fencing because she has to wash her clothes . -.- She should have done it last night if she hadn't fallen asleep while on AIM ! 
was just with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > eating chicken and waffles . She is so embarassed because she dropped her phone between the wall and booth seat and kinda made < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > get it back for her . I'm sorry guys ! >-< 
just woke up and trying to eat chicken corn soup . Unfortunately she feels really sick probably she hasn't been eating well in the last week . 
is tired but has to study for her Physics test today at 2:30 . Call or text if you need me ! 
finished her Physics exam but thinks she did horrible . Now she can't wait to eat with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > tonight then the mini tournament in Fencing ! YAY ! She needs some time to relax ! 
trying to figure out why USFA isn't working for her . It says she has no money in her account when that's a lie but she called the bank and they told her that USFA had taking two membership fee's out when the site told her that there was an error . Now she is working with people for USFA to figure out a solution to this problem but has to go to class in at 3:40 . 
had fun at the tournament ! She thinks she did really well after all the trouble and sadness she had to endure today ! ^-^ She can't wait until the next < PROPMALE > at competition !! lol 
\How many times can I break till I shatter ? / Over the line can't define what I'm after/ I always turn the car around/ Give me a break let me make my own pattern/ All that it takes is some time but I'm shattered/ I always turn the car around \"" 
is starting to wonder if people are misreading her emotions . To one person it looks like one emotion but to her its always the opposite . 
is going to try to improve herself in fencing so she can be better in the tournament in December !!! She knows she has it in her to make it happen ! 
I''ll push myself to the limits of destruction just to show you , I'm strong . 
is excited to be getting help in today's practice . ^-^ After all , he said she would be able to beat < PROPFIRST > before the end of practice ! She really wants that to happen !! lol 
is going to the movies today to see Paranormal Activity . She hopes she can make it all the way to the < PROPFEMALE > without harming herself even worse because her legs really hurt from getting lost trying to find the CVS yesterday . ^-^ She is happy that < PROPFIRST > helped her to find the CVS and not make her more lost !!! lol 
can't wait until practice tonight but hopes they have the machine in the laundry room working so she can wash her clothes . She is also going to eat dinner with < PROPFIRST > tonight . ^-^ yay !!!! 
In the end , I shattered and couldn't allow anyone to witness such a vulerable soul . Who knew that only two people could break an unbreakable resolve . 
can't take the pain anymore . It's to much and I can't handle it alone . Something's I can only endure on my own . Though the tears can go away anytime . 
is sorry for all the worrying she caused . She'll try to mellow down so she doesn't cause more harm to the people that care about her . 
is going to try to reach a new goal along with trying the ones she is pursuing now ! 
has finally got the membership thing settled and can fencing in December's tournament !!! ^-^ But she's not happy that she has a lot of stuff to do like class , call her mother to get something set up , go to the library to do a project with her group , write/type a paper , do some journal entries for English , and color her hair all before tomorrow !! 
has finished with two of her things to do . All she needs to do is write/type a paper and do some journal entries for tomorrow . She thinks her hair smells like laundry detergent . 
has class in about 30 minutes , after class she has a meeting she has to attend . Finally she's going to return to her dorm and study for the Politics test on Thrusday ! 
thinks that the movie Murder.com is stupid . It's suppose to be a Horror/Triller but its just not entertaining . 
needs something to be able to function today . She is so tired that she is going to fall off the chair in her Pyhsics lab . There is a Politics test today , so wich her luck ! She thinks she'll do good ! 
has to write three more journal entries then do three exercises before English starts ! Then at 12 she's home free and can relax all she wants !! Call , text , or AIM if you want to do something !! 
is done for the day ! Call , text or AIM if you want to do something !!! 
is going to watch 2012 in the < PROPFEMALE > Sunday ! If anyone wants to come with call , text , or AIM her ! 
pretty much just took an ice shower . She's wondering why McEntire can't turn on the stupid heat !!! Is it that hard !!! Really !!!!! 
can't believe she has to wash clothes today !!! That just ruined her sleeping schedule !!!!! Plus now she has to go buy so laundry soap for the next time she has to wash clothes . 
hopes she didn't offend anyone by leaving the movie night . She is a people pleaser and endured a movie she absolutely hated but was happy when she was texted to go somewhere else . She's sorry for any rudeness that was caused by her leaving . 
is so happy today ! She has to study for her Mass Comm test tonight yes but she got herself two pairs of CUTE knee socks , new earphones , and a grape soda !!! ^-^ Brings back memories !!! lol ! 
is tired and doesn't feel like studying for her Mass Comm test ! She wants < PROPFEMALE > out with people and go to the store . 
is sad . When she walked out of Dunkin < PROPMALE > came after her to make sure she was okay . Well .. all she's going to say is that she's not fine . This one problem has got her upset and she has no clue how to address the matter . This is not a break down because she thinks she's worthless its just a break down because the problem got to her . 
woke up to a call from < PROPFIRST > then got ready to go eat lunch with him . Now all she has is her 3:40 class at lets out at 5 so if you want to talk to her just call , text or AIM . She could really use the company . 
is just looking at her profile pictures . She can't believe she ever had long hair ! lol ! That picture looks really weird since its her with long blond hair and now she has short medium brown hair . ^-^ Amazing what a little hair color and scissors can do !!! 
has a test to take in Health today at 3:35 so she will be out of classes early !!! She also has a little to work on for her English assignment but that will be done soon . 
feels sick . She doesn't know if she should go to her first two classes or rest but she needs to go to her last two classes because there is a quiz in the one and a test in the other . 
She hopes she can get it all done , or at least close to finished , before going to dinner with friends and a mandatory floor meeting tonight . If not , then she may have to miss Fencing practice tomorrow to finish it . She also needs to type up her pre-lab questions for her 8am Physics lab tomorrow ! Everything is great ! 
has to study for a test in Health and type up a paper for Assignment 3 that was due today . She didn't know she had her paper theis whole time and could not type the corrections . So now she has to keep working on Assignment 4 , what she was doing last night and this morning , and type a summary of her interview for Mass Comm before Friday ! How joyful is that ! 
finished her Health exam and she thinks she aced it ! Now she is going to try to edit Assignment 3 and email it to her friend to edit before she has to go eat with some friends . Then if no one has anything planned for her she is going to start on her Mass Comm paper so that its done before Friday . Her pre-lab questions will be easy so she's not worried about those until later . 
is up now . All she needs to do is print everything out and take it to its necessary place . After class she is going to return to her dorm and work on her Mass Comm paper so that it is done before fencing tonight . 
is washing her clothes waiting for her roomie to come back so they can go to the Stevenson and work on their Mass Comm paper so she can turn her paper in tomorrow . 
is typing her paper for Mass Comm ! She thinks it would go better if she wasn't so bored ! Though the paper itself is going rather nicely and smooth . 
is finally going to finish typing her paper for Mass Comm . 
came across a snag in her paper . She has 2 and 1/4 pages now and she needs to at least get close to 3 and a half but she needs more information becuase the last few questions in the interview she asked cannot be interconnected . So either she has to bs some of the paper to reach 3 and a half pages or she needs to talk to her interviewee before tomorrow at around 9 so she can add the inffo an print . Not happening . 
is finished with her paper . Now all she wants to do is celbrate !!!! lol ! She needs to print it tomorrow and revise if necessary . She also needs to make a rough draft of her English paper so that it looks like she did her homework !! ^-^ That is tomorrow mornings task !!! lol !!! 
is up and just started to write her English paper . All she needs to do for the Mass Comm paper is print her roomie's and her paper out and hand them in . ^-^ Today sounds easy compared to the last few days !!! lol She even started to do Monday's homework for English so she doesn't have to do it this weekend !!! 
is going to lunch with someone at one but right now if you want her she is at Sit In ! 
waiting for somebody to ask her out tonight . She is so bored ! 
is feeling ok . She is not quite fine but she hopes to be soon . She just can't believe she let everything get so out of control and make her horrible sad . Tomorrow she will make it up ! 
feels 20 times better today . She told some people what happened and that's all she needed . Though I'm glad < PROPFIRST > brought me home last night because if he didn't , bad things could have happened . 
is almost done cleaning her side of the room . All she needs to do is clean the fridge THROUGHLY and just reorganize a bit !! ^-^ yay !!! Clean always makes her feel better ! lol ! She loves to clean ! 
is trying to write a paper but can't find an argument against her topic . She needs someone to play Devil's advocate so she can finish her paper . 
is happy ! She doesn't think she'll write the paper for English until after her Prof says that her arguments are strong enough to be put in paper form . 
got stabbed in fencing and is now in a massive amount of pain . She has taken more pain killers to try to help but they are not working . She's about to get her ice pack or heating pad . 
won't be on facebook or AIM until Sunday after 2 . However , she will have her AIM on her phone on so if you want , you can always AIM her on her phone . Otherwise , if you want to talk to her text or call . 
can't wait to come back to Lock Haven Sunday ! She really misses her friends . Call or text if you want . She always looks forward to her phone going off . ^-^ 
is back in Lock Haven and happy . She told her mother about having a Facebook and her mother flipped out so now she is wondering how her mother will take the whole AIM icon now . 
is finally finished putting the buttons on her coat !!! ^-^ Now its ready to wear !!!!!!! 
writing her paper for English and needs to print her worksheets for her Health project so she can hand them in today . 
is really bored . If you want her call , text , or AIM ! Any one of those will get her attention . 
just woke up and bored . She doesn't have class until 3:40 so if you want call , text , or AIM . 
wants to watch a movie but needs someone to watch it with . Call , text , or AIM . 
What kind of immature jerk runs around on someone's floor with their buddies using a condom as a water balloon !!!! GROW UP AND LEARN TO APOLOGIZE TO THOSE WHOM YOU DAMAGE THEIR STUFF !!!!!! 
Her hand is bruised in three places . Her pointer finger , middle finger , and the side of her hand . 
just woke up and wants to go back to sleep . 
is so excited that her prof told her that her paper on fencing was good enough to try for the Eagle Eye . She is going to work hard to make it better so she can try to get new members in the spring !!! 
thinks her paper is coming along well but she is still having trouble developing a conclusion and she doesn't think her thesis is fitting quite well . 
is finished with the editing to her paper but she just can't think of how to conclude it . 
thinks \Oh how I wish this paper was code . It wouldn't be so hard and be finished a long time ago . I miss C++ bloodshed so much ! \"" 
is off her Physics lab then to a conference at 11:30 . After that she is having lunch with < PROPMALE > and whoever else may be there . 
has an even better paper !!! Her paper on fencing is turning into her first masterpiece as a writer !!! ^-^ She is so happy !!!! 
only needs to write three good topic sentences for her paper then it should be good ! She gave a copy to < PROPFIRST > to make sure that the facts are correct and the paper is great ! 
just woke up and needs to print her paper for English . She still hasn't added three topic sentences but the paper is pretty much done . All it needs is reviewed to make sure its ok and handed in on Wednesday ! 
had an interestingly funny day ! 
is off to NYC for the day and the only way your going to get ahold of her is by phone ! So if you want to talk feel free to call , text , or AIM the cell ! 
is home . She is finally warm and dry ! 
is registered for the tournament on Tuesday !!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to be busy this week . She has the tournament Tuesday and this is her study week before the finals . She will not be looking forward to leaving her home , Lock Haven . 
has a tournament tomorrow !!! Wish her luck !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to the tournament in a few hours ! ^-^ She still has a lot to do before then so wish her luck ! 
thinks she did pretty well in the tournament ! She got 3 touches in the last bouts sadly but the guy she fenced told her some things to improve to make her a better fencer ! 
is happy for a 2 hour delay ! Her class doesn't start until 11:40 !!! 
is waiting for her 8 am class so she can start studying for Politics final ! 
thinks that the last Physics lab was fun when she understood it after a few . ^-^ She thought it was a rather easy lab to end on !! 
is up . She has to read all her paper's in English and answer five questions each about all of them . Then she needs to write a one < PROPFEMALE > paper using those answer's before class at 11:15 . 
has finished typing 5 paper's in three hours that are due today . She is now exhausted and needs to go print them before class starts in a half an hour . 
is studying for her finals then going on a double date !!! 
is studying today ! AIM , call , or text if you want her . 
is throughly angered that the classes she needs are not available and she only has one class that she scheduled . 
is approved for two classes now ! ^-^ Her prof from a class this semester is adding her to her class spring semester !!! She is so happy ! 
thanks fencing for once again saving her !!!! ^-^ Balance is a grand thing ! 
is studying for Politics . She hopes she can get to practice after her final ends at 7:50 pm . She needs to do a lot beforehand . 
is getting sick of these phone calls from some person telling me lies about the guy I love ! 
put an ice pack on her ankle . She's in a little bit of pain ! 
is taking her English final now ! Please no distractions ! ^-^ She must concentrate on creating a beautiful essay !! 
is finally finished with her Physics final !!! ^-^ yay !!!! 
wish her luck on her Mass Comm final at 8 am and her Politics final at 12 pm . 
is bored ! 
thinks \yuck snow \"!" 
wishes that someone would text her ! 
is bored and cold ! 
thinks her room is freezing !!! 
passed World Politics with a D !! ^0^ She is so happy !!!! 
has a 2.1 GPA ! Thank god for her B- in Health !!!! 
if anyone in Lock Haven has a composition book that they are willing to let her borrow or have , please contact her ! 
just got her last grade . She got an A in her English class , which puts her at a 2.480 GPA !!! She is ssssoooo HAPPY !!!! She passed her first semester !! 
is trying to find a job to get tuition money but it seems harder since she's on break waiting to go back to college . 
is awake and doesn't think she should be !! ^-^ Yay !!!! < PROPMALE > is coming to meet her parents today after she gives the munkins on the bus their christmas stuff from her dad . 
is glad her parents like < PROPMALE > ! ^-^ yay !!! 
is trying to find her books online . 
is watching Ghost Hunters International because she's bored . 
is so excited she gets to be with her boyfriend again tonight !!!!! ^-^ yay 
Have a good 2011 everyone ! 
has an interview at the Lowes in Lewistown tomorrow at 11 . Plus she has a < PROPMALE > headache ! 
has a cold and her anniversary is tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!! 
ordered her last books . She can't wait to go back to Lock Haven !! 
just woke up and is now going back to sleep . 
got over her cold !!!!! yay !! 
has a headache . 
just found out what is wrong with her . She took Tylenol while it was on recall and is having problems with a extra kick of allergic reaction . 
is tired of this illness . She can't eat , sleep , and can barely open her eye's because they are so swollen from the allergic reaction . 
feels sicker than a dog . The doctor didn't give her anything for her swelling or her fever of 102 . Plus she didn't know how to diagnose her . She said that I had symptoms of the Tylenol recall because the allergic reaction she didn't care about , and the flu or the H1N1 but she couldn't tell her what . 
thinks she feels better but she knows what that always was like by the end of the day . Apparently she is very dehydrated from the dorm being so hot because every time she drank water it didn't seem like enough . Well she has class at 8 but she wants to go to Bentley and try to get food in her system at before class ( 7 ) . 
thinks she's getting better . The swelling was gone down nicely but the fever is still haunting her . 
thinks the flu has swapped out for the cold . She feels a lot better after she got the H1N1 vaccine yesterday so she is wondering if she really DID have H1N1 . 
thinks she has a sinus headache . 
is going to be very busy this semester . She doesn't think she sees fencing or anything like that in the plans . There are so many meetings and paper's and reading she needs to keep on top of , plus theatre is in that list as well . 
two more classes today then she is sitting down to read The Foreigner for Theatre . 
feels sick . 
looks outside and thinks \what a beautiful day\ " but its always a good day when she can inform people about fencing . ^-^ She loves composition !! " 
would like to say sorry to anyone that has been trying to get ahold of her . Her phone is telling her she has no service when it's showing full bars . 
is thinking the worse is about to start and she's not talking about her schedule . 
thinks her throat is all torn up because it hurts so much . 
is drinking tea to ease the pain in her throat . She is happy that its working ! 
trying to breathe . Her throat is trying to close its self off , she thinks . 
knows what's wrong with her throat and has antibiotics now . 
her throat is so sore she wants to cry . In fact , she did cry last night when sleeping because it hurt so much . 
is wondering when this Erythromycin is going to start working . If she has to take this 3 times a day for 10 days , she wants to at least see some results like being able to breathe . 
is freezing her finger's off in her room . Bbrr !!! So cooollldddd !!!!! 
wonders which is worse : the pains in her throat or the pains caused by the Erythromycin . 
is going to Bentley and when she gets back she is going to try to get some of her homework done because tomorrow people want me to socialize . 
can't wait for her parents to come up . On the other hand , when they leave she'll be the busiest person ever trying to get homework done . 
has to read a little tonight fro Lit , study for a test for Theatre tomorrow , and start reading Lost In Yonkers so she has that read by Feb 9 . 
thinks its S'MORES TIME !!!! 
does not want to be awake right now but she really can't help the 8 am classes !! 
finally understands what frostbite feels like . 
can one take a different path to avoid their own < PROPFEMALE > ? 
had fun at the GSA meeting !! Thanks for taking me !!!! 
is wondering , \What next !!!! \"" 
wonders who you think her celebrity look-a-like is ! 
is starting to hate thinking about her fencing paper . She doesn't understand what she's missing in the first paragraph when she thought she had everything . 
is wondering what Facebook is thinking now ! Why would you change the layout !!! 
snow . Snow = :( Tabi !!! 
looks at all the snow outside and wants to cry . Snow ... :'( 
fell down in stairs and is now a bloody mess . She wonder's how is has going so far in life without killing herself from clumsiness . 
it always takes courage to get up from a bad fall , no matter how injured you may be . 
today is going to be a pain and I mean that because my leg . 
just finished a quiz and is now going to take a shower , go eat , then off to class !!! After that she'll be at the GSA booth selling t-shirts ? 
going to breakfast with Beki then going to class and to interview . 
entire heel of her right foot was black and blue when she woke up . She does NOT know the reason because it was perfectly fine last night . 
is finally happy that LHU at least gave us a 2 hour delay ! We deserve it since they made us look like idiots yesterday ! 
is fuming because there was chocolate in the dryer she had her clothes in !!! They are covered in it and my poor white shirt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is planning to have fun today then homework tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
her leg where the gash is healing is so very itchy ! 
is doing homework all day so don't bother her ! She has two paper's to write by tomorrow ! 
is tired of being messed around with . 
forgot to write 10 questions on the story she was in charge of so she has to do that before 8 am . 
when the snow melts , what does it become ? 
life has all kinds of song , you just need to make sure to dance to the right ones . 
is not feeling well . T ~ T 
is kinda out of it . 
is loving Shugo < PROPFEMALE > !, Smile.dk's songs Butterfly and Kissy Kissy , and Nightcore's songs Dam Dadi Doo !! 
knows for a fact that she does not want to talk to him again !!! Who does THAT !!!!!! You don't EVER assume !!!!! 
aawww ! I'm being biased ! How cute ! 
is studying for her Literature exam in 8 hours ! Do NOT disturb all day ! You will make her so mad ! 
thinks it looks like Cousin IT just threw up in her trash can ! 
thinks it feels so good to be free !!! ^-^ she doesn't think she'll date for a bit ! 
is so happy that there is a 2 hour delay ! 
is happy that classes were canceled ! 
is even happier that classes are canceled today ! 
and her new roomie got Smith 255 !!!! 
just got back from working in the theatre . She is tired . 
is going to have fun and do work today ! 
is trying to think of another argument for her anime paper ! It's not going so well ! 
finished her ground plan last night . Hope it's good ! 
discovered that hot chocolate with creamer is a wonderful combination that is tasty . Unfortunately it's not making this paper write itself or get rid of this headache . 
is tempted to start an anime club here at Lock Haven . Writing this paper has made me think of the different opinions that people have/may have on anime . 
is thinking to herself that she was up and went through half of her day already , all before her roommate is up . 
hopes that someone will comment on her blog . 
needs to rewrite her composition paper for tomorrow and edit somethings on her groundplan for Theatre . 
paper's is wrote and just needs printed . She is going to watch < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland with Beki-chan today !!! Life is too good sometimes ! 
thought Curse of the Starving Class was so funny yet hard to understand . 
doesn't want to get Howl's Moving Castle back ! She loves that movie to much ! 
fell asleep watching Howl's Moving Castle for the second time ! What a beautiful day ! 
in utter pain and agony . 
is suffering through writing bibliography cards . 
can't wait to use her recorder in the field . ( asking people questions around campus ) 
is going to leave the library and get a nap or watch < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke . 
just wrote four poems but for some reason the last one is untitled . Is she that unsure about the future ? Why can she not title anything that is about the future ? 
is freezing cold . Plus she can't find a good anime she wants to right for next weeks blog . All the anime in Harem seem to be lacking plot to her . 
thinks that the rain outside is beautiful ! 
has been singing Sakura Kiss for the past few days ! 
is about to collapse . 
got tickle tackled right at her door . 
is now posting about all the anime she watches on her blog . Her blog is connected to her facebook , so when she posts it will show on her profile . 
thinks life kind of sucks sometimes . She thinks she was a little mean to someone today and wants to find him to make it up . 
is really annoyed she has a presentation in her first class . She just wants to sleep . 
is so happy !! YAY ! She finally edited her voice bites and all it needs is to be put together and put on a CD . 
is apparently a computer genius . She wishes she could say that , but all she can really do is throw code around and use programs well . 
is going to chill with her friend this weekend ! ^-^ She is so excited ! This will be FUN !!!! 
had so much fun ! 
is exhausted . Once she finishes one thing it seems something else turns up and is due the following day . 
is in < PROPMALE > stress mode ! She wishes that someone would steal her away from this miserable work filled place . 
is having a nice cup of tea to calm the nerves after finishing her note cards . She didn't know that she will have to schedule her class on Tuesday . wow !! The time sure does fly ! 
is on a six class track for next semester . Being a double < PROPMALE > is going to be a lot of hard core work . 
thinks its funny how < PROPFEMALE > was trying to eat raisins . Silly computer ! Raisins are for humans ! 
is feeling a little anemic . 
thinks yay and boo Friday ! 
thinks at least she doesn't have to much to do for Monday in Composition . 
is thinking about going on a make-up run this weekend . She wants to get concealer to hide the black circles under her eyes . 
is finally finished with her research outline . It took so long to write sentences for all the A , B , C's and 1 , 2 , 3's . lol 
my mind is in chaos . 
has a < PROPMALE > headache from studying for her test tomorrow . Somebody help me .... 
is done . No more test please . 
is so tired . Her research paper is going at a alarmingly fast pace . 
is < PROPMALE > ly mad because Lock Haven kicked her out of her double < PROPMALE > for some reason . You know that I will have a talk with them tomorrow and they MAY not like it . 
find out what's going on . Apparently she is still a double < PROPMALE > but her Communications < PROPMALE > is now hidden from her . That's why she can only see her Theatre < PROPMALE > . 
is off to see night Mother at 8 ! 
almost started crying a few minutes ago . 
is tired . She doesn't want to do a few things , but what needs done is what needs done . 
is eating Kool-aid . 
is amazed by the speed of Google Chrome ! She'll have to download it to her laptop when she gets back . 
got yelled at because of her oldie music love !! What's wrong with the classics , kids today . 
is finishing writing her six paragraphs for Composition today . 
is finally finished with her paper for now . All she needs to do is print her research materials , finish watching the anime for her blog , and read The Things They Carried for Lit . When will it all end . She can't wait until May 6th . 
will be back in a few ! 
is trying to finish her research paper then reading some of The Things They Carried . 
couldn't think of a good color to paint her nails so she chose orange . It's like Halloween all over again . 
has finished writing her 7-10 < PROPFEMALE > research paper and she means she HAS 10 < PROPFEMALE > s . She also needs to get and interview and put it in the somewhere too . 
is having computer problems again . If you want her please call or text her cell phone . 
says \one of these days your going to wake up with a scorpion in your cereal . \"" 
thinks \you know your dead when all you remember is 12 and 6 and nothing else . \"" 
finds it interesting when you are told something you did in your sleep , but have no recollection of the whole thing . Anger is apparently what she is suffering inside . 
is not looking foward to this Day of Scholarship thing . 
is riducliously tired . She can't wait until this week is over and all her papers written . She still has finish her model for Theatre . 
thinks as she looks at her research paper , \That girl slashed my word count badly . It's a word murder ! \"" 
studying for her test , then into town for a Thank You card . If anyone wants to join her , text or call . When she gets back its back to the editing for the final time . 
finds out when she's watching anime that there is an emu on the loose on < PROPFIRST > lawn . 
does not know what is going on . Her computer is running without cisco . 
is watching the movie Hair . She thinks its good so fair ! ^-^ She is really digging the hippie < PROPFEMALE > in Lit < PROPFEMALE > ture class . 
thinks that the small things in life , are the most important to remember . 
' s laptop is no longer functioning properly . If you want her text or call . She is in the process of getting a laptop from the library to use for two weeks . 
has a computer from the library so you can contact her . 
has a cold . ~_~ 
is falling asleep because of the rain . 
hears someone in her dorm listening to Larger Than Life by The Backstreet Boys . Its not dead yet ? 
is taking a nap . text or call 
is totally not wanting to do anything because it is raining . She just wants to sit outside drinking peach tea in the rain . 
thinks her cold is going away . That would be nice ! 
busy week ahead . She has a paper everyday , she thinks . 
is feeling very nostalgic today . 
is logging off for a few days . She should be back on when ever she is near a computer or when she gets a laptop on Friday . 
just finished watching The Green Beret and is really tired . 
is feeling horrible . She has a paper due tonight , tomorrow . and Friday , then finals week . 
is writing more papers . She has apparently completed her entire Composition class and now she is working on finishing her Literature class . The other classes are just notes . Funny thing is , she has learned to type at a ridiculous speed . 
is finished with her Literature class now . So the last paper is Friday , and I can't do that because the speech is on Friday . 
is going crazy . Opps ! Already been there . 
insomniac effect : sleep talking . 
is confused by what her professor is telling her . Her classes are almost over ! yay !! She can deal with the studying . 
has a computer again . 
is off for food . 
is back and trying to finish a book . 
re-reading The Floating Girl by Sujata Massey . If someone finds The Bride's Kimono by her , you should tell her so she can buy it ! She loves that book . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > of The Dead in < PROPMALE > . weird stuff . 
is so excited that she found an online version of The Bride's Kimono !!! She is not leaving this computer EVER NOW ! 
is tired because she couldn't fall asleep until 4 . 
is sun bathing since the carnaval cost money . 
went for a little swim with < PROPFEMALE > Cousins and is going to watch The Lost Song at 7 . 
was really freaked out by < PROPMALE > Krueger being in the < PROPFEMALE > . 
doesn not want to do final next week , but then thinks , she'll be home May 6 . 
wonders how she relates to those around her . 
has got published in the Eagle Eye . 
has her math final at 2- 3:50 today !! 
has her News Writing final tomorrow at 10am . yay , not yay ... 
is finshed with 3/5 . ^-^ Is finished with last two tomorrow at 8- 11:50 . 
is finishing her last two finals today then out of here at 6 . After finals she'll be hanging with her friends , some for the last time and some til the next time I see them , so text or call my cell after 11:50 am . 
computer is finally fixed !! I can NOT wait to go back to LHU to see my friends !! See you soon ! 
is reading manga on her computer to how it acts . So far it keeps freezing . Boo 
is tired , so she is going to go to sleep for the night . Call or text if you want her . 
is trying not to kill herself on taffy . lol 
is terribly bored and wishes that some one would talk to her . 
is working 12 to 5 today and her birthday ( tomorrow ) . 
is waiting for the night to end , and the morning to begin . 
is working 12 to 5 today ! Her bosses have already wished her happy birthday , and so have the people at the bank . 
had fun at work except when the computer system crashed for a bit ! It's been the best birthday ever so far ! 
is annoyed , and frustrated . 
hopes something works out , and she'll be able to see a movie for the first time since coming back from Lock Haven . 
is going mad because she is so bored . 
had fun last night . 
is starting her first day of classes at 8am today . Yay for people that don't sleep I guess . 
thinks , \meditate and relax . \"" 
has Spanish , Radio Journalism , and Acting today . 
' s roomie just scared the heck out of her . 
is off to her amazing music class then PoliSci , and finally her last class Spanish . Be done at 10:30 today because of convocation . 
ponders what to do for Theatre tomorrow . 
is people watching while playing the recorder really badly . 
tries to think of a way not to be boring because the weight of a grade depends on it . She thought about just being herself , but to be truthful , no one knows the real me in class therefore I can't be funny . 
DANCE PARTY 
has a World Politics pretest today so she will NOT have her phone . Either come up to her room or wait until she is finished with classes at 11 . 
loves her ranch dressing . 
hates how when she is frustrated the tears just start flowing . Just so everyone knows , I AM NOT WEAK . I don't need anyone's pity . 
is sleeping . Trespassers will be penalized . j/k 
thinks of all the things that happen on those cold and lonely nights . 
finished her NPR New analysis for her Radio class plus about the whole book of \Truth About Comedy\ " for Acting class . " 
is trying to make her nails look pretty while arguing with people about her situation . 
is angry . 
wonders the internet looking for something fun to do . I guess You Tube is the best cure for boredom . 
set the Hitachiin Brothers as her background . She is so excited ! 
is freezing in her own room . 
can't eat another bite of Pizza Hut pizza or she may explode . 
loves how when she is trying to act like she is crying , the tears almost come , so she stops . 
is getting really tired of her roommates phone and alarm clock going off , but she won't wake up . She calls that rude . 
quotes Acting class , \Let's blob it up . \"" 
fire alarm 
is sssooo bored . 
classes until 11 , interview at 11:30 , then she is going to take a nap . Text her later to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
done with class . She has tons of Spanish homework , and later she is going to see \Are You Afraid of The Dark ? \"" 
was watching \Are You Afraid of The Dark ? \ " while making up commentary with < PROPFEMALE > Royer . " 
has her random classes today , but really just wants to go back to sleep . 
is watching Are You Afraid of The Dark with her buddies ! 
still wants to do nothing , but sleep . She doesn't want to go to classes . 
just loves Acting class because all we do is play games . She thinks she needs to start cracking down though because she needs to remember the points and key terms the professor says in class . 
did her overachieving for the day . She finished all the Spanish workbook up to Chapter 1 . 
sleep . 
\I'm an african space chist\ " Get him to the greek " 
just seen the best movie ever , \Get Him To The Greek \"." 
is really mad that her roomie ate most of her pudding that was for her breakfast . 
is waiting for the moment she can finally take this toothpaste smelling stuff out of her hair . Unfortunately there is still more torment left . 
has finally eaten something remotely healthy for her . 
has finally got a working iTunes . She has been so lonely without her Journey , < PROPFEMALE > Gees , and Niel < PROPFEMALE > . 
if you think coloring your hair is bad , try coloring your tips a random color . 
is tired , but only has two classes today . She'll be done at 10 , however , she has an interview for her Radio class at 11 . 
feels like a little kid . Her bottom wisdom teeth are finally trying to appear . 
editing her two-way interview for Radio class . Great ! Hopefully the intro can be taken out and leave me with 5 minutes . 
managed to finally make her aup audio file a wav file . 
the life of a restless college student is hard . Classes randomly until 3:25 . 
Non mihi , non tibi , sed nobis . 
\I scribble on your pizza\ " rofl " 
just finished studying Spanish with her Spanish < PROPMALE > roomie . 
off to eat breakfast soon . Three classes today , two tests , and one afternoon siesta . 
its a qaudrapus . 
has nothing to do . 
wants her pretty brown hair back . Being blond is not all that great . 
feels very sick . 
loves how she forces herself to go to class when sick , then it starts raining which makes being sick worse . 
finished reading her politics and is niw bored . text if you want . 
wonders what people like about her . What do you think ? 
has class from 8 to 11 then is out and free for the rest of the day . 
either going to sleep or watching videos like always . Text me ! 
is totally going to enjoying seeing Geoff < PROPFIRST > tonight at comedy night ! He is super funny . 
thinks that tonight was the funniest comedy night ever . < PROPFIRST > Lissow and Geoff < PROPFIRST > were amazing . 
off to the showers then down to Kaeti's room to see if she wants to go to Goodwill . 
is back and hungry . 
nap please . 
is reluctantly awake . 
laundry time 
just ate some gross pizza from Bentley , and now she feels sick . Great . 
can't wait to talk to you again . 
watching V for Vendetta , and thinking V reminds me of < PROPFIRST > . 
thinks its time for her V for Vendetta finale . Collapse into unconsciousness . 
getting her hair colored when she gets home ... if she can manage to secure an appointment . 
is exhausted . 
is hyper like nothing else matters . Watch out ( insert random state ) here I am ! lol 
she is completely useless when she is thinking of one thing . 
be back at 10 , but I think I'm going to take a nap . Text me ! 
is thinking , why does Lock Haven have to do construction today . 
thinks the school has brutally murdered her insides . She feels deathly ill . 
is sleepy . Text 
hanging with my friends and roomie's parents . 
wonders if it really does take that long to download a new ipod OS . 
feels sick and is annoyed that the construction started about 7 . 
is sssooo hungry !!!!! 
master's the < PROPMALE > of listening to Spanish . lol . Not really . 
is off to eat dinner . If you want , you can join her in upper . 
some how made is as the Technical Director/ Senior Editor of her team's radio broadcast segment . 
there are many scary things in life , but the worse is the one that's right in front of you . 
can NOT believe how mad she is right now !!! 
if you want her , text her . 
just had a random laughing attack for about 45 minutes . 
will you still like if I act like my true self ? 
is wondering if she can go back to sleep . Is 11 o'clock really that far away ? 
wants to yell , \Go jackhammer on someone else's front lawn ! \"" 
forgot she has a study session tonight for her Politics exam Friday . 
looks down for one second , and realized her leg was chocolate flavored . 
thinks that the people of the second floor just ruined her first ever Aqua dance party . 
is so gullible that she fell for what an e-mail said , and stuck her tongue out while looking at the ceiling . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
feels so weird because she is listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Aqua , Seether , and Dream Street . 
is awake , but doesn't want to be . 
has a question for everyone . n Bangs or no bangs ? You can look at my red ribbon pic for bangs , and any other picture for no bangs . I'm not don't that whole bangs to one side thing again . 
is eating then going back to her room until her Theatre class at 2:10 . MAGIC tonight , maybe some studying , and maybe some Spanish project . 
can't stop listening to the popular songs from when she was growing up . It makes her old when she realized that Aqua came out in 1997 . 
is going to the MAGIC show , text . 
feels like she popped her shoulder out of place . 
is off to Bountyland to dream about the Candyman . lol 
just woke up from a really long nap . Who knew that two test could be that stressful . 
has a $15 iTunes card !! Yay ! Now she can buy The Game of Life . 
can't believe she has no life . 
doesn't know what to do today . She really doesn't have any homework for any of her classes , but she does have her first Theatre test on Tuesday . 
has little kids in her dorm . That must mean that Lock Haven is having their open house today . Great . Now She can't even get a shower in peace . 
don't judge a person by there appearance . Just because they seem nice and friendly doesn't mean they want to date you . 
when is the exact second , minute , hour , day , month , and year you'll finally notice me ? 
is better than Narnia . 
chasing after something you will never reach . 
is going crazy . 
please save me from this madness . 
is deciding whether to sleep or stay up . 
text 
has gotten her very first interview with the Mayor of Lock Haven . 
has slow internet , and doesn't know why . Just a minutes ago Cisco kicked her offline and was being really mean about shutting down . 
food 
watch out Lock Haven ! Spiderwoman is in TOWN !!! 
cut her wrist on something earlier , but doesn't know what or how . It's really a mystery . 
the things you do with chronic boredom . 
has class until 10 am , a nap , then a study group for Acting at 1 in Stevenson . Busy Busy Busy . 
is sick of people taking advantage of her . 
is back at the dorm for a while until 7 . 
is anyone up for food ? 
no rest for the weary . In 10 minutes , off to the Library for a Radio meeting . 
is finally back , and just wants to sleep ! 
is finishing the last bit of her Spanish project . 
almost didn't get up today because her alarm clock was unplugged . 
wonders what made her so Tech happy . What a nerd . XD 
just woke up again . 
hates her 8 am classes because she just wants to go back to sleep so badly . 
is awake . She thinks she may read a little for Theatre tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Royer is the coolest person ever . 
has pretty eye make-up on ! Makes her look SEXY !! lol 
has her random schedule today , and has her interview with Mayor Vilello tomorrow so , busy , busy , busy . 
Lock\ 
Haven needs a show called , \It's Never < PROPFEMALE > in Lock Haven\ " like a \ 
is really hot from Theatre today . The professor said we liked to get low !! lol 
is stiff and sore . 
was told by one of her professor's today that she looks like a \Gothic Princess . \ " She is not wearing anything that would make her look like a \ " princess\ " except make-up . " 
is interviewing with the mayor at 5 in the City Hall . 
wish me lucky friends ! I'll walking to City Hall of my interviea 
is just going to watch TV . If someone wants to do something text or come down , or just text anyway . 
is going to the casino with < PROPFEMALE > Cousins , Jenn Layton , and < PROPFIRST > Heckler after a shower . 
is bored . Text if you wanna do sometime or just text . 
is going to do laundry . If you wanna do something text , or just text . 
is rearranging the furniture . Come up if you want to watch me make a fool of myself or help . 
is still bored , and thinking of ways to rearrange the furniture again . It's pretty nice now , but I will never be able to use the desk if I need it . 
has a new room layout that is ssssooo cool !!! Come up to see it !! If you wanna do something Text , or just text . 
can hear people writing on her door . Why don't they just take the next step and knock . 
was hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Royer . 
is freezing cold , but done with classes . Text because I wanna take a nap ! 
is ready to come home this weekend !! She really needs it ! 
is so mad that she just wants to SCREAM !! 
only hates the rain because it makes LHU's internet connect slower than dial-up . 
the random days at Lock Haven . And I wonder who would like me !! haha ! 
back from the Weis store . 
is looking at her ankles , and wondering why they are all bruised . It's like ghosts were trying to drag her to the underworld last night . 
someone just knocked on my door asking for butter , and my roommate said we didn't have any . But I do have butter . She's just trying to shove away all my butter friends . lol 
God I love some people 
cannot believe how much she hangs off of one person's words . Is this a bad thing ? 
why does life matter at 6 in the morning ? Next semester I swear I won't have another 8 am class . My classes will at least be 10:10 or later . 
I speak prostitute ? Her professor told the class that English is a prostitute language because it has so many variations . 
walk . text 
my life was a MASSIVE epic fail today with the radio show . 
going for a walk . Text . 
why are you always on my mind ? Are you doing it on purpose to mess with me or is that really how you feel . 
the things you think of when someone is one your mind . 
got her hair cut yesterday , and well post a new pic within the week !! Plus she really loves her haircut . 
wants to make it know that she likes a guy that she doesn't think notices or cares . 
is finally loving the Lock Haven scene again ! 
is wondering why she is awake ... oh right ... classes . 
the things one does to get an answer . 
is upset , but she guess's she just has to roll with the punches . 
sometimes life hurts , but you just have to keep moving with all your injuries . 
classes end at 11 , then siesta . text if you want me 
time for my siesta . Text me . 
apparently starts working for the Eagle Eye tonight . 
back in her wonderful dorm with no Radio class and next class at 2:10 . 
is listening to her other Radio groups production . 
had a rough few days , and now can't wait to recoup from everything after my two classes tomorrow !!! WOOT WOOT ! Spanish was canceled !! 
there is a method to my madness . 
nothing special tonight . Going to go around to local businesses to ask for ads tomorrow , so if anyone wants to come , text . Medea tonight at 7:30 , then writing a paper on that . Busy Saturday it seems . 
getting a shower then walking into town to gather the Eagle Eye some ads . Text if you wanna come , we can shop along the way . 
has gotten at least 3 or 4 maybe's for ads for the Eagle Eye , but is a little nervous to go the the bars that she was told to go to . 
\how can it be creepy ? Its lavender . \ " \ " Never underestimate your enemy . \ " \ " It's ... just so ... LAVENDER . \"" 
writing a Medea review for Theatre while doing laundry . Then wondering what to eat since Bentley closed earlier than she expected . 
is going to interview with the director of Medea , and some of the actors on Monday for Radio . What questions do you think I should ask the actors ? 
is feeling really sick . Why move or get up . 
is feeling a lot better now since she had a little R&R . 
just conducted the most interrupted radio segment in Lock Haven . Now its time for \fun time with editing\ " for the prize of a 3 minute publicity shot for the Lock Haven Theatre on WLHU ! " 
finished her voice clip , and managed to get it to play on things other than computers !!!! 
is studying politics . Somebody help me @ ~ @ 
the world that I look out into is nothing but black and white . It's only when you starting thinking outside the box when the world become technicolor . 
Dreams are the only portal to the realm of the dead that morals can walk through , and come back each morning . 
just got a computer problem fixed . 
random classes today . She has Spanish , Radio test , then Theatre . 
let your dreams < PROPFEMALE > you to the < PROPFEMALE > that longs awaits . 
is hungry , and waiting for her group to e-mail her their scripts for Radio . 
is still having problems with Cisco . She now has to restart her computer every two days or so . 
is so tired anymore that she doesn't feel like going to her 8 am class anymore . 
so many things to do . Finish script for Radio show tomorrow , get audio , Spanish homework , and helping a friend . Eagle Eye , you may just have to wait , not trying to push you away though , but I am a double < PROPMALE > . 
going to Eagle Eye . text . 
finished script , and everything . Never back down , when your back's against the wall . 
Spanish , Radio show at 11:30 , and Acting . Everyone listen to my show ok !!! It'll be cool ! 
amazing Radio show everyone ! 
HUNGRY ! 
got finished with everything she can think of . She thinks will own both of her test tomorrow as well 
yay !!! I get to go for a walk . Wow . I sound like a dog . 
This busy , yet organized life will hopefully turn into a successful mess . 
I would rather suffer the pain of having the skin on my ankles carved away , then live one day not wearing these shoes . 
The first step is admitting you have a problem . Stupid parfaits here . 
I decided that it is no use trying to show someone I really like them because when they do notice they ignore it or if the don't notice they never will . 
is banned from wearing shoes all weekend . Flip flops are the only shoes that are allowed . 
as happy as can be . 
If you could see me now , would you be surprised ? 
The things people do for the things they care for . 
I'll do anything just to protect you . 
not much to do . Finished all that was possible . 
not excited for Spanish tomorrow because I didn't understand the two pages in the textbook and I'm not really caring . 
anyone want to go see The Social Network with me when the < PROPFEMALE > gets it in ? 
wonders how her roommate gets away with not telling the truth about NOT attending classes . I'm sorry , but I need to vent about this . 
BROTHER'SWEEK--if\ 
you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for \ 
you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw youf ail , \ 
picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong . Someone youcan't do\ 
without , copy and paste this in your status . 
going to own this Spanish test and Music quiz tomorrow . 
is happy her roommate finally started going back to classes today . 
is\ 
having a random moment because she is standing at her laptop listening \ 
to N'Sync and singing and dancing while looking for classes to take in the Spring . 
I love dancing when no one is watching . 
I be waiting right here for you always . 
If you support me now , I'll be there for you whenever you need someone to < PROPFEMALE > you through the years . 
Don't just believe in the possible , believe that the impossible can be possible as well . 
watched two of the most horrible horror films in the world in two days with Kaeti . 
is so bored . 
give me < PROPFEMALE > or give me death . No , just give me < PROPFEMALE > please . 
the roads in life may be hard , but it's the challenges that keep us moving no matter how much pain we suffer . 
Strive for something far beyond reach because , in the end , if you can't make it all the way , you still win something greater then what you expected . 
my super fun class of the day is coming up . I just love Acting !!! 
Sometimes getting lost is the best way of finding yourself . 
put on of those eyeball gumballs in my mouth , and my tongue when numb in seconds . good or bad ? 
Which would you rather have , a boring person or an eccentric Theatre < PROPMALE > !!! 
No one can fully understand the meaning of life , so my questions is , why not enjoy the mysteries one at a time , and live life to its fullest ? 
Even if it's raining outside , it's really only gloomy and sad if that is the way you perceive it . 
Take one down pass it around , 2 more classes to go to tomorrow . 
When someone indicates something they can hear in their sleep , it DOES NOT mean speak LOUDER !!!! 
I hate when people , my roommate , talks while I'm sleeping . SO mad right now !!! SHUT THE HECK UP !!! I'M SLEEPING YOU JERK ! 
the things one would do for some relief of boredom . 
Daylight saving's time , you amuse me every time . 
I will walk alone for as long as it takes until someone runs after me to tell me , \Your the one . \"" 
is going to my a HOLLYWOOD door . Any suggestions would be helpful . 
On the brink of destruction . Oh wait , that's you who have gone through all the twist and turns that life has to offer . Or so you think . 
one had one class today , and its over !! Also there was a guy in class today that was talking to me about weapons , then explain what they were . 
you would not believe how much I want to learn stage combat now , even though we were only talking about guns and spears . 
Communications adviser meeting . I still need to set up a Theatre adviser meeting thought . 
The things in life are never free , but the challenge we have to obtain those things is always worth the fight . 
three classes to go to today . Just when is Acting ... that's all I care about . 
Reading a book on useless sex . 
Don't run from your problems , you'll only make them worse . If you need help , I'll help face your problem alongside you . Your never alone . 
Mr. alarm clock , please jump off a < PROPMALE > and leave me alone . 
so tired , but would rather do something than nothing . 
does anyone know piano really well that you can help me ? 
went to a make over , and made myself look like a fool . Don't believe people when they say you look pretty !! 
Going swimming @Jenn Layton . 
Thank god its Friday !!! 
I would do anything just to be by yourself forever . 
Why does every road in life , that I take , have to cause me so much pain ? 
is very irate right now . She songwriting segment fell through , and now she needs to find a filler segment . 
just keeps falling in love with V from V for Vendetta . 
really really IRATE because people are SO RUDE !! 
the magic of a Monday morning exam . 
miraculously I think I passed my piano exam . I was so nervous that I was saying all the notes out loud and trying to play the chords right . 
Does anyone know how to put a zipper back on track ? 
is so mellow that she can just melt away . 
showed my roommate a prank on Albino Black Sheep , and she slapped 10x harder then was necessary . 
if\ 
your not scared put this as ur status and see what people rate you !!! \ 
( 1) = crazy ( 2)=i'd marry you(3) = attractive ( 4) = sarcastic ( 5) = i miss \ 
you(6)=i'd kiss you(7) = moody(8) = smart ( 9) = energetic ( 10) = random \ 
( 11) = hot(12) = funny(13) = fit ( 14) = amazing ( 15) = tough ( 16) = cute 
just finished writing 5 chapters of Spanish cards . 
please , someone please stop this pain that is in my shoulder . It's driving me insane when people look at when I'm holding my shoulder , and laying my head down with a very pained expression . 
Hey Mister Wonderful !!!!! It's not impossible !!! 
The < PROPFEMALE > of the release is upon us now ! 
is freezing to death with Jenn at the midnight release . 
Awesome people are awesome . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and Kaeti . 
had a wonderful time sitting with Jenn Layton at 5:30 pm waiting to watch HP last night . The only bad part was the fact that I almost passed out during the movie because of lack of sleep . 
is going to sleep because there are few hours in this day that I have liked . 
watched The Other Guys with Jenn Layton . Very comical . 
is a typical girl with too much nail polish . 
what kind of girl would stand at her computer with shorts on and no shirt or anything . How indecent . 
is watching Rurouni Kenshin . 
hopes that someone will learn soon that it's rude to talk when someone is sleeping , and don't give attitude when some asks you not to do that . 
How many people think that I should take a dance class in one of my remaining semesters ? I'm not sure if many of you know this either , but I was in ballet for a few years . 
just made a nicer course check sheet for her Theatre < PROPMALE > . Man that took FOREVER ! 
< PROPMALE > down your spirit to unlock your true form of your soul within . 
laundry day . 
Just watch ! One day I will defeat everyone who stands in my way , and finally prove my existence ! 
getting ready to go to my 2 classes today then end the day at 10 am . 
done with classes . So glad there is only one more day . 
Going swimming with Kaeti but it doesn't open to 7:30 . 
is finally going to be able to relax a little bit . 
wish that people would not mock my intelligence level ! 
wishes everyone a very happy turkey day tomorrow . 
can't wait to go back . 
loving that she is back where she wants to be ! 
hates raised keys . 
I'm a hot pocket . 
finally defeated < PROPMALE > Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban for my PS2 . 
class til 3:25 today , but it's randomly . 
chocolate or white chocolate . That is the question ! 
no music class today ! Great ! After I walk out into the freezing rain fending off the puddles of water that cars threatened to splash me with , just to get to class and have everyone tell me that there is NO CLASS !!!!! 
Snow ! Who told you that you can come back ever ? 
two classes today yay !!! 
is watching < PROPMALE > Potter years one and two . 
going to the store to get some supplies for my cooking segments . 
it's snowing ... Well I guess will be inside for long periods of time so it doesn't matter . 
seen Tangled with Jenn Layton . It was amazing !! Go see it , other then the little kids . 
has discovered that she has fallen head over heals in love with the world . The movie Eat , Pray , Love is going to be the turning point of my life , and nothing can stop the course of a life changing experience . 
TLW = Tender Loving Warfare 
snow ball fight of injury !!! 
two hour delay 
-sighs- the day is going to be too long . 
what can I say , \I am in love . \ " lol " 
week and a half til I'm homr for about a month !! 
just finished watching Across the Universe , and my roommate starts bounding around the room flailing saying , \I love this movie ! \"" 
is waiting for one person to text me . 
was told that she is acting like a little schoolgirl . 
as soon as I change my profile picture to snow it starts snowing outside . Really , is that < PROPFEMALE > or what !!! 
praise me , I remembered all my lines except for a few while being really sleepy !!! ^-^ heehee 
Dangerously Improv is so funny that everyone should go see it !!! 
finished a little of the script . blah !!! 
why is it so hard to go to sleep ? 
most of the radio script is finished , people just need to start handing the rest of the pieces I need . 
A little more to go on the Radio script , one more radio segment to produce , and study for Spanish . What a night . Tomorrow is busy as well . 
doesn't want to listen to Theatre lines . 
cut her finger on a < PROPFEMALE > cane . 
script is done other than Sports section , and some minor tweaks . 
just woke up , and is still sleepy . Radio meeting today , maybe rehearse my Theatre lines , finish the script today of tomorrow , and study Spanish like tomorrow isn't my final . 
good night . 8 am final tomorrow , baking cookies around noon , rehearsing lines with partner , then 8 pm final . Sounds awesome right ? 
Acting final now !!! 
mildly irked . 
going to make cookie with her friends ! 
iiillllllllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
terribly sleepy , but has to be up . Two finals today , 8 am then 10 am , then leaving around noon . Thank you , and good bye Lock Haven !!! 
is in a sea of thought !! 
Love is a contagious thing . It infects everything . 
is feeling very ill . 
final verdict on grades , 2 B+ , B , and 2 A's putting me at a 3.5 GPA ! It's in grand to make the < PROPFIRST>'s List , and not even try !! HAHA 
to the brink of exhaustion . 
that tattoo I put on my foot on December 15th is still there and only slightly faded . Wow this tattoo is persistent !!! 
bored I guess . Work today 11-2 but first I have to put my room back together from last night's cleaning frenzy . 
waiting for my Theatre book to be announced so I can buy it , and for both of my Communications books to come in the mail . 
Getting hair dyed brown and haircut before I come back to LH . 
Dentist . Great ..... 
did I ever mention that I have a DEADLY fear of SPIDERS !!!!!!!!!! Even is they're on tv or MOVIES and EXTREMELY huge ! 
My dog drank my coffee and I wasn't looking . Now I'm mad . 
Singing like no one can hear mainly because no one can 
watching Zombieland but thinking of the day I go back to LH . 
Going to create a web show with Jenn Layton . 
8 days until I leave for LH again . 
brown hair , new haircut , and enough snow to make in VERY hard to drive and deal with . 
^-^ let the fun begin !!!!! 
back in the Haven !!!!! 
madness will happen tomorrow !!!!! 
Finally fixed what was wrong with that stupid Cisco . Just die already Cisco , you always make students computer problems worst . 
amazing coffee from my new Keurig , and a two hour delay on a day that I had an 8 am . Can't get much better than this . 
apparently there is no bio lab today , but they start next week . 
has officially given all of her free time to the success of her < PROPMALE > Theatre , a good portion to her second < PROPMALE > Communications , and the rest for her Bio and Spanish classes . Who said it was TOO hard to double < PROPMALE > ! 
waiting for the week to end . Please ... 
finally getting some sleep . The outside world looks like its telling Lock Haven to get us a 2 hour delay at the very least . 
about to head to class in like ten minutes , then my weekend begins after 12:05 pm !!!! 
will be starting a web show with Jenn Layton soon , so look forward to it . Our show is called Raid The Fridge on YouTube . 
drinking some water , and wondering what to do next . 
I had that dream again ? What does it mean ? 
anyone want to go to the video game store in town with me ? 
deer jerky and relaxation . 
in my mind there are lines . Many lines . Those lines create the stories that I cannot write . That feeling makes a cage for all the wonderful ideas that cannot escape . Where is my key that is so clear in my mind to open the door to my future ? I shall meet my < PROPFEMALE > head on !! 
For people in Cultural Studies COMM 330 who did not get the paper . The assignment is read 9-41 in the book , pick one discussion point or contextual idea from reading , then type 200 word response , analyzing , arguing or illustrating the selected concept . 
why is there so much reading in college ? I'm starting to think there is more reading then homework . 
Laundry time !!! yay ... 
ugh ... football . Thank you for everything you do to this dorm ! Now I can't sleep because people keep screaming and moving furniture !!! 
sleepy haha !! Well ... let's see who decides to be a < PROPMALE > A-hole tonight !! 
Well one class at 11:15 - 12:05 then I can go back to sleeping away the day in my dark locked room . Thank you ^-^ 
going to finally relax now . Text or call if you want me ! 
loves how she says she'll do something , then does the exact opposite of what was said . 
Bio in a few , then lunch , 2 hour break , Cultural Studies , Directing , dinner , and finally audition for the play . Isn't life grand when it piles things one on top of the other with 15 minutes between everything !!! 
finished her audition . -collapses- 
done with class for today , more audition at 6 , then have to watch the 11:00 news tonight for Television Journalism . Yay , right ? 
thinking about taking a nap before the audition's again tonight . Besides , I need to watch the 11 o'clock news tonight for TV Journalism . I'll need all the sleep I can get . 
waiting patiently for what tomorrow brings !! 
a ton of Spanish homework to do , so have to try to finish it now . 
two classes today , lunch , then I think I may go to sleep . After all , I'm really tired from this week . 
going to play Spyro . 
starting Raid the Fridge tomorrow , 1-29-2011 , around 5 . I will post it later that day . Just a reminder , since I don't know video editing at this moment , you will see the show as it was being recorded ! 
reached the 3 world in Spyro : the dragon with all the gems and dragons , but haven't tried the fly gates . 
why is one of the portals in Magic Crafters ( Spyro : the dragon ) called Blowhard ? 
sorry about the show everyone . There were technical difficulies . 
parents are coming up . Oh no !! Haha !! That means MICROWAVE and other stuff !!! 
just woke up , and finished her Newcast analysis grid for TV Journ . woot ... 
one class , already something is wrong with today . lol 
had to play operation with her foot this morning because she has warts . 
No school today ! Win !!!!! 
since school got canceled today I decided to sleep in . However , I had one of those repeat dreams , but it was quite different this time . Right when it got to the happy part where everyone finally escaped the creepy house . Someone decided that it was time to let the creepy giant spiders and other crap out . and just what happened next . Yes , I got attacked my the fricken spiders . 
finally hungry . Going to get some food , simplify a news article , and probably go to bed . 
WE may just get a two hour delay tomorrow because the roads are ice and stupid people think its ok to drive fast . That's why two vehicles just happened to end up on the sidewalk just a few minutes ago . 
School was canceled again ! 
my mother just called me and happened to wake me up . Do you think she called me to tell me what she wanted first or to yell at me for sleeping ? If you guessed sleeping , your completely right . 
waiting to see if there will be a text tomorrow . 
completed Spyro the dragon . However , since I can't do the flight gates well , I can not get to the \secret level\ " to completely complete the game . " 
well not two hour delay . I'm rather happy !! 
two classes down , two to go . Still wondering if we are going to have the Eagle Eye tonight . If so , a long yet busy night still awaits me . 
Long story short , my iHome completely destroyed itself inside . 
watched the Due Date with < PROPFEMALE > Altland and Kaeti . Very funny !! 
anyone want to go see Paranormal Activity 2 in Price with me tomorrow ? 
thinking about taking a trip to the Weis store after lunch . Anyone wanna go to lunch ? 
since it's icy today , I'm not going to the Weis store . So dinner at 5 anyone ? 
Just watched Paranormal Activity 2 , and though that it was just was funny as the first one . Though the people in front of me did not see it as funny . 
shower then going to the Weis store . 
finish Spanish homework and die because of the new air fresher I plugged in . @_@ It's so strong smelling . 
it took me FOREVER to finish my Spanish . Well at least it's done now , and the smell of the air fresher has dulled down . 
Which is better , feeling that your wisdom teeth are trying to break through your gum's or eating Dunkin ' Donuts ? 
one word ... ill . 
Found out what was ailing me . I was drinking to much grape soda . Guess that's what I get for being off soda for like 4 months . 
making me some Stroganoff in my microwave !! 
open your heart , and show the true color of your soul . 
resurrect from the ashes , and take flight on fiery wings . 
quick ! Someone give me a bed , blanket , and four days to sleep . Even though it's only Tuesday , I think I have reached my limit . 
is so completely exhausted that it's hard to keep my eyes open . I hope I can make it through the movie on Sunday without falling asleep beside him . 
off to work in the shop . Haha !!! 
has a < PROPMALE > headache , needs sleep which equals grumpy , so it would just be better to let me recover for a few days . 
Oh ! I forgot ! I missed a important meet for my < PROPMALE > !! Nice right . I was to busy with work , then the paper , and everything !!!! 
For some reason , she keeps thinking way too far in the future to the point where she is a world renowned movie director with a 20 year old son named Aiden . 
class in 15 minutes , lunch , maybe go check out the < PROPFIRST>'s novelty thing in the PUB , check out a video camera , class at 2:10 then at 3:40 - 4:55 , dinner , then go to the Study Abroad Open House to record some shots . Day ends at 8 tonight . 
is on the brink of killing an inanimate object just to relieve stress . 
finished script and spanish now off to return video equipment and print my story . Then to class !!! CHARGE !!!!!!! 
Let the sun turn toward the < PROPFEMALE > , and all life become one . haha . Dunno . 
I try to please her and it just keeps backfiring in my face . I when I do something she gets made , the same thing applies when I don't do something . Is there no end ? 
wow . Someone sounds like they're going hardcore on a blow up doll . Really people . Calm down . 
I descend the heaven's where I once was a proud angel , to live in the human realm as a fallen angel with dirtied wings . 
why does every moment I talk to you , pull me futher down the rabbit hole ? 
>-< why must everything around me be SO cute !!!!! 
Anyone for dinner at 5 ? 
Science : Why do you hate me so much ? Why can't everything just be simple ? To me : Why can I not say stuff without it being so cryptic ? I'm not that complex . 
woke up this morning to a strange < PROPFIRST > on my door not address from anyone . Do I have a secret admirer or did my friends just not put their name on them ? 
Much deserved study session finished . Haha ! I hope I get out of Bio with at least a C because I REFUSE to take another Lab Science in my LIFE !!! 
was told to go out for football because she is so strong . @_@ I'm so not strong . I'm just a good tackler and strong when I hug people . 
talk about a fall from grace . Jesus , I've never been whispered about in class like \ 
that before . I guess this is what it means to \show your true colors \"." 
>-< my left shoulder hurts again . I wish someone would tell me what to do for it or help it . 
no one ever said that finessing Phenol Red was going to hurt so much . My stomach hurts and I got a killer headache . Oh , and my throat kinda feels likes it burning . 
^-^ my pain from Bio lab was actually an allergic reaction !! haha !! And I continued to suffer through my last two classes today . Still Slightly in pain . 
>-< I think I'm losing my head here , or maybe it's my mind . Note to self : Double < PROPMALE > = Your a dumba ** , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Room selection tonight if I'm lucky . 
my lungs feel like they're going to explode . Plus , it is a bother to even breathe . Also it feels like I'll start coughing up blood soon . 
is going to get this coughing fit checked out today . 
fever of 101 earlier today . Really life , thank you . Just what I always wanted . 
so much homework so little motivation . Spring break yet ? 
sore throat from coughing or ailment ? That is the question . 
snow is so annoying . Can anyone tell me when the warm weather will FINALLY arrive ! Seriously . 
I love you Beowulf . 
suddenly wants to watch a horror movie in SPANISH !!!!! 
has never hated heels so much in her life . Today was not only a heel nightmare , but a nightmare in general . 
random fire alarm . It didn't even seem like half of the Smith hall residence even left . 
please ... take this coughing away quick before I choke . I don't know why I can't ever breathe now . 
finished editing her video segments for her VO story in Television . Now I just need to re-type my old script to flow more with the picutes . 
so tired . I just want to sleep . 
llama . 
Just opened and closed my VO story . It didn't even talk 1 minute to edit the text . 
one class today because my other one go canceled until after Spring Break . 
and around and around we go again . 
finished my online Spanish exercises , now I just need to do the textbook ones and the workbook ones , then write a composition on one of the movies he listed . 
Just watched \The Girl with the < PROPFEMALE > Earring\ " and is about to watch \ " Silent Hill \"." 
\unsheathe your churro . \"" 
why do love story always have to make me cry . If you want to watch a \true love story\ " watch \ " Away From Her\ " . I don't think I've ever cried so much . " 
I have like NO sense of direction . 
Half way through writing my mid-term test assignment . 
class , hours , and writing papers . Exciting week right ? But my reward at the end of this week is SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!! 
hands hurt really bad from making twofers in the Theatre . 
finished my Cultural Studies mid-term test paper for Thursday . Excited . Now I just have to write a synopsis on a Spanish film for Spanish class then most of my papers are finished . 
Why do all my classes seem to be decreasing as the semester goes on ? By decreasing , I mean not meeting . 
finished my Spanish composition and sent it to my professor like I was suppose to . Now I just need to finish the Spanish in the textbook and wookbook . 
Coming home in two days . Better be ready Juniata County !!!! 
All this homework that I have over break is going to kill me . If I work at BK , I hope they are not long hours because I'll be exhausted and have no sleep when I come back to LH . 
one class left today , and one tomorrow . ^-^ But the worst part is the paper and the notebook assignment over Spring Break . Those two are going to break me but themselves . 
on a < PROPMALE > computer ( sing-a-long ) 
all the sudden my heart's song overtook my voice and tears started to flow . 
can't wait to relax and work peacefully on my assignments due after break . 
It takes a great person to sway the heart of a critic , but once accomplished the critic may switch roles to make that once great person fall to their knees . I vow , one day , that will be me . I will raise from the ashes to the stars where I belong . 
Watching movies then starting my 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper tomorrow . 
unproductive day ... Read a few sources for my paper , but still have to decide on which of three set-up's I what to choose . 
half way through my Cultural Studies project , but still have to start my Directing project . 
I wish this paper would just end 
is putting a halt on my paper to start my Directing project . 
The little high schooler's get a two hour delay for water ( flood watch ) , but Lock Haven probably wouldn't have shut down even if we had school today . Glad it's Spring Break !! 
can't believe it's about that time again . 
Back in the Haven . 
eating cocoa puffs , special k meal bar , and a piece of bread for lunch . wow . 
is it the weekend yet ? or at least has the new time set in . 
When will my life stop being so busy ? 
was told that I was \soft and fluffy\ " today ! And where is the adorable !!! I am so adorable ! ^-^ sorry ! lol ! I have such a big ego XP " 
is awake and really shouldn't be . 8am labs ... mood killer and a sleep deprive-r . 
day started out with having babies in bio lab , and ended with Spanish . 
finished Cultural Studies theorist paper . The reference tab in word really saved me with my citations . 
somehow woke up on her own today . Her alarms on her phone set themselves back to default settings . 
which is better , returning a movie 30 minutes before closing or the inability to walk ? 
life has its ups and downs but everyone gets turned around . Find the road where < PROPFEMALE > lies and discover the power that lay inside . 
watching movies with < PROPFIRST > Labe . 
watched The Lovely Bones and Zodiac with < PROPFIRST > Labe . 
anyone for a walk tomorrow ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Weiser random comment of the day , \I have crabs . \"" 
I thought my precognition scared me , but last night was a lot scarier that any future events could ever be . However , never in this world would I have ever thought that I had ESP . The spirit of the little boy last night used my telepathic senses to tell me , \Help me .... you said ..... you would .... \ " plus I saw him face to face . " 
walk today anyone ? 
I wish you could see the world that I created in my head . A world that is prefect , full of action and suspense , daring actions and death-deifying falls . A world where special effects are not what you see in movies , bu actually happen right in front of you . The world I would like to live in . The world I would like to Direct . 
back from my walk with < PROPFEMALE > Royer . 
Go LHU budget cut rally !!!! 
tutoring is finished , now about to go on a walk with < PROPFEMALE > Weiser . 
is looking for people that would like to be actors for a small 5-10 minute part of a play . It's for my Directing final , which means it's during finals week . If your interested text me , if you don't have my number its in my info . 
snow , rain , and cold : three things that I do NOT like together . Snow and cold : I don't like them as it is , but rain ! I love the rain !!! It's my favorite weather !!!! 
I wanna go to WALMART !!!!!!!!!!! 
>-< please ! someone get these lyrics out of my head . They're not even real songs , they are songs that I just create . 
Chinese food in town with < PROPFIRST > Labe , < PROPFEMALE > Weiser , and Cati < PROPFIRST > soon !!!! 
great Chinese food , now time to ACTUALLY study Spanish . 
interview today , then Spanish test , production , and finally editing a few things in AVID . In other words , a lot of stuff at once . 
was editing on AVID for 6 1/2 hours . I'm so tired . 
In my own little world . God , I hope I don't have anything due tomorrow . 
little by little I think I'm getting pulled into the orbit of the thing called THEATRE ! 
trying to think what I'm going to say next time someone asks me where my passion lays . Should I say film , or should I say Theatre ? I'm torn . 
Everyone has a given < PROPFEMALE > . However everyone has the tools to create their own future aside from < PROPFEMALE > . Leave the past in the past , and strive for the impossible , improbable , creative , and wonderful < PROPFEMALE > you wish to have . 
One thing I want to get across . Never underestimate a techie in Theatre . They always work so hard , and try they very best . I know that with this play I am giving it my all even my sleep . Theatre is my life . 
eating some cereal and going to bed . I'll do my homework tomorrow , I had a long day with all that happened , and tech week does not help matters . Gotta do what , you gotta do . <3 techie 
A few things to do before class then preview tonight of musical . Got to remember to check gels , do light check , do a lot more . 
>-< so made . I feel like I made a fool of myself as a techie . 
These songs I've been hearing for a week now are all stuck in my head . I just keep singing them over and over . 
First day of show was great even though I exist in the shadows of the play . 
To think , night 2 starts in just a few hours ( not really , many hours ) . ^-^ 
Open house as well as day 2 of < PROPFIRST > . ^-^ 
why do some cereal sound weird if you put them in a sentence , like , I am eating some Life . 
watching < PROPFIRST > Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me on FX . 
I think I may have scared some people tonight that don't really know me . ^-^ It's great to be unpredictable , and finally come out of the shell I created in Theatre . 
I got BAGELS !!!!!! and flowers and chocolate from my parents and grandparents for just spot lighting a play . ^-^ It feel very appreciated now !! lol 
TEA TIME !!!!! I fricken love TEA !!!!!!!! 
one class today . I wish the course offers were up so I can decide whether to knock out my Communications < PROPMALE > or take more classes for my Theatre < PROPMALE > . C'est la vie . 
lots and lots of things to do today . 4 classes , finishing my paper , working on the school paper , and bio tutoring . I'm so stupid . 
2 classes , finish my case study of sexual innuendos and prejudices in Disney films , and Bio tutoring because I'm a dummy . 
go to bio tutoring and paper are the only things I need to do now . 
watching Angel . God I haven't seen this show in a long time . This brings back memories of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer . 
class , then buying something for my leg , finish my Case Study paper , then Theatre . 
all I need is a few more paragraphs and I am finished with my paper !!!!!!!!! HOME STRETCH !!!!! 
VICTORY !!!!!! Cultural Studies paper completed !!!! 
can NOT believe I got nominated for Secretary of the University Players . I thought my heart was going to jump out of my throat !!!! 
studying for my Bio test tomorrow . I wish I had some help ... 
Sometimes I wonder why I took Bio , and then I remember that all I have to do is get through this class and my two lab sciences are finished !! I NEED TO GET A C !!!!! STUPID D+ , YOU'RE RUINING MY LIFE !!!! 
\Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bowlines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . \ " \ 
in a so-so mood . I hope I did ok on my Bio test , and I really wish we didn't have Spanish tomorrow . If that class was canceled , I'd be set . lol 
I just had a < PROPMALE > horse in my leg !!!! OUCH !!! 
I still need two female and one male to play parts in my scene for Directing . I need you for Wednesday , May 4 12- 1:50 pm . If you can do this please let me know !!! Please !! I really need actors !!! NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY !!! 
breakfast in like a hour . yippy . 
I'm sorry . Let me introduce myself the proper way . I'm a very shy person , but once I start knowing people I'm a energetically happy girl . When around people I know because I've seen them , talked to them I try to act nature so I'm accepted . When people I don't know ask me stuff , inside my mind many alarms go off and I break down little by little . Because I'm afraid of being myself in front of people I don't know well . 
studying some espaol for tomorrow's \Fiesta\ " . Actors still needed for my scene in the play \ " August : Osage County . \"" 
test , class , group of interviews , class then more class and finally first meeting with actors giving them scripts . Good day right ? 
I'm all tye-dye-y !!!! 
I am here . I exist because I have a purpose , and that purpose is why strive for greatness . I may be shy and quite now , but when I break out into the film industry what will you say then . The day you see MY name on the silver screen . 
The road to < PROPFEMALE > may be obscure and skewed at points , but it's the paths you take along the way that define the person you will be . 
Don't know if I missed the UP meeting or now . I don't know a time nor location . Great ... 
I've looked around so many times that I cannot believe . These images inside my mind that make me want to scream . I've learned to live with all my choices even if they seem unreal , but this is what makes me me even if it's surreal . 
I can't find a < PROPFEMALE > icon !!! Dear , TV broadcast , please don't let the weather be < PROPFEMALE > because of my lack of skill I could not find a cute icon for you . 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? I'm bored . 
is really finishing her work . Really . Why does boredom make people do that ? 
literally just heard someone on my floor say , \So how was the sex ? \"" 
A whole bunch of nothing . 
off to bio . Anyone wanna eat lunch after my class ? 
heed my warning . Don't go to Upper right now . I waited in line for a half an hour and got no where near the door . Now the line is half-way through lower and going outside . 
how I wish you could see that scenes in my mind . How they play out almost like music beautifully played by an orchestra . This is my reality . Directing WILL be my < PROPFEMALE > . 
I wanna go for a walk . 
when for two walks today . One with < PROPFEMALE > Royer and the second with < PROPFEMALE > Weiser . 
Ok , I woke up . Now can I go back to sleep ? 
walk number 2 . If anyone wants to have walk number 3 it would have to be after 8 . Text if you wanna go . 
Drag show awesomeness !!! Way to go < PROPFEMALE > Perrelli and LHU Gay/Straight Alliance for setting up an amazing event . 
is so ill right now . 
usher for the dance show in a little . 
my feet are in SO MUCH pain right now . Plus was turned in the camera Nazi because I told someone when the entered the theatre that video taping was prohibited . Then she MADE it painfully obvious who was taking pictures/videos . I love people . 
so tired and feet still in so much pain . I HATE heels . 
A whole bunch to do today , but not motivation to do it . 
I wanna do something . Anyone ? 
THE CAT IN THE HAT IS ON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YES !!!!!!!! Victory is MINE !!! 
you would not believe how much goes into making a Television newscast . 
Despite the wind , I wanna go for a walk . Anyone up for it ? Text 
making some hot cocoa for a sicky . 
I think I'm sick . -.- Story of my life . 
sexy Latin music !! lol 
tell me a 2D idea . I will make it 3D . 
>-< ahh !! I'm so bored !!! Class was canceled and now I'm waiting for my COMM adviser meeting . I still need my Theatre meeting . 
First rehearsal tonight . Hope it goes well . 
I have a cold . Great . Just great . 
Rehearsal went well tonight . I had them do read through the script a few and finally had them get up . Good job < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Patterson . 
interview in an hour or so , then class . 
Great interview . 
wow . I can't believe my Bio final is soon . I'm so not prepared . 
Does anyone have a \Gay ? Fine by me . \ " t-shirt I can borrow ? I want to use it in my stand-up for my TV package " 
Kicker and Weather scripts complete . Now I just need to master my package story , which I still need to record my stand-up . Boo . 
need sleep . 
Attend a Spanish event for Celebration of Scholarship , editing package , pictures of Celebration of Scholarship , then rehearsal for show . Great fun . 
Almost failed to do my homework due in 45 minutes . lol . Hectic day , I should be crazy by now . 
I'm such a dork . I was just watching a commercial and there was a Firefighter in it , and all I thought was , \Firefighter's are so cool . \"" 
I didn't know they made a Monopoly : Firefighters Edition . ^-^ I wanna play now !!!! 
tripped on the same sidewalk slab as < PROPFEMALE > Weiser . 
so sick . 
In Robinson editing video . This building is scary when no one is around . 
Finally back from editing . One problem , I couldn't put my story on a tape . So I need to do some fancy thinking for tomorrow . 
doing Spanish online . eewww .... 
Spanish is fully done now . Now I'm sure I'll have more tonight , plus my day of 4 classes is about to start . Why CAN'T I ever get anything done when I WANT to !!!! 
so tired and hot . Bio tutoring soon and still a lot for Directing . I just wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with someone . Maybe go for a walk , and just relax . 
OMG !!!! GHOST WHISPER IS ON !!!!!!!! FRICKEN YES !!!!! 
LHU had a tornado last night , and I was lucky to have a front row seat to it because I was in a building right beside it . Wow . Nice right . Trees , hail , rain , high speed winds , lighting , thunder , you name it we had it . Once I got out of the storm it was kind of fun to watch . 
ice shower = kinda expected . Final lab today was good . Took me forever to figure out what I was doing wrong though , but I got on track . All that's left is a Spanish mini-test . YAY !! 
Apparently there is another storm coming tonight . So we need to take proper note of it this time . lol 
the storm is coming , and I need to finish my Directing notebook . 
tornado this , tornado that . WE GET IT ALREADY NEWS !!!!! To bad there are people outside doing a \Slip n ' slide \"." 
Here's the rain . great . close your windows !!! 
addicted to the new show on TLC Extreme Couponing . 
tired . I a lot has happened within a short period of time . 
Rehearsal , let's go !!! 
Passion fruit tea with lemonade and finished homework . What more can a girl want !!!! 
I just want to go home . 
\We don't just blow bubbles . We blow bubbles with kittens in them . \ " DQ commercial . " 
I wanna do something !!! 
just got back from hanging with < PROPFIRST > Labe , and I have amazing colored nails !!!! 
going to start watching < PROPFIRST > and the Chocolate Factory on my laptop . Hope it doesn't explode . lol 
^-^ free song ones iTunes and free anime !!! What more can a girl want . 
>-< Bio is going to kill me !!!!! 
I hate this bloody filling for falling out . Now my bloody tooth hurts like a _________ . >-< 
OMG !!! THERE ARE SO MANY ANIME ON iTUNES NOW THAT I WANT TO BUY !!!!!!! MY LIFE WILL SOON BE COMPLETE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bio final tonight . Wish me luck !!! 
TV final today ! 
was soaking wet , but finally got back to campus and got a shower before the rain started again . lol ^-^ Nice one !! 
Look at the night sky . What do you see ? If you only see clouds , stars , or rain then you are not a dreamer . If you see past the realities of this world , YOU are dreamer and YOU will go far . 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 . How we met . \ 
2 . My first impression of you . \ 
3 . What I like about you . \ 
......... 4 . Favorite memory of you . \ 
5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status 
Cultural Studies and Directing finals today . 
Had a lot of fun today !!!! 
bunk beds are like cages . ~_~ 
Final final ! Spanish . 
No more tests !! ^-^ Thank the gods !!!! 
wouldn't it be cool to write a play based of the Norse gods/goddess , of course ending it with the final battle of Ragnarok . An epic tragedy of monumental proportions . 
\Drowning deep in my sea of loathing ; Broken your servant I kneel ; It seems what's left of my human side ; Is slowly changing in me \"" 
Knicked my finger on vegetable slicer . ^-^ < PROPFEMALE > 
Don't look in front of you and see just your surrounds . Look forward and see your future , your hopes , your dreams , your world the shoulda's you already did , the coulda's you already achieved , and the woulda's that are already past events . Let < PROPFEMALE > reign . 
Got 2 C+ , 2 A , and a B and B+ . Overall semester 3.0 , cumulative 3.2 . No < PROPFIRST>'s List this semester , but a good feeling that I've passed !! 
Blisters are not fun ! ^-^ That's what I get for walking like 5 < PROPMALE > each day !! lol 
Do I regret what I did ? or should I regret ? I think I did the right thing in the end so I regret nothing ! ^-^ 
You will remember my name . 
there are some things in this world I will never understand . 
>-< I love firefighters !!!!!!! God they're SO COOL !!!!! 
I was thinking about the end of the world , and the only word I ACTUALLY said was \Ragnarok . \ " lol " 
ran like a mile today on pure adrenaline just to catch up with my mother . Got to tell you it's kind of scary to run across a the bridge with the on-ramp to Lewistown then run across the median . 
Project Biotech Start !!! 
grrr 
Aloe < PROPFEMALE > is AMAZING !!!! 
I couldn't be happier ! 
Rawr !!! 
I wanna be YOUR happiness , the reason YOU can see . A time that YOU can look back upon and realize it was ME . I wanna help in YOUR success more than MY own dream . I wish to make it BIG one day , but only to be SEEN ... by YOU . I am happy with MY life right now , but because I found MY reason to be . 
It's a ninja thing . 
Why is my heart no longer my own ? 
Where is my missing link ? 
\I'll stand my ground and never back down . \"" 
Thinking to much 
worst day of my life . 
I wish you could like \likes \"." 
I think it's the start of a bad week . Or maybe an injury full one . 
Believe in the world you envision . One day you may just be living it . 
I wanna watch Aladdin !!!! 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ? Text me 
Do world domination and pie go together ? >_< I don't know why I'm thinking of this !!!!!!! 
Watching fireworks 
Anyone want to read my songs ? 
I can't believe I wrote a love song . Well it's not finished , but will be . 
I wrote a song called danger zone ? Woah !!!! 
I am not what you think I am , I'm so much more . 
I'd walk a thousand < PROPMALE > ... 
In the mood to put on temporary tattoos . Don't ask me why !! XD 
Words can't express the way I feel . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !! I had the best birthday ever , and I hope they get better as I get older . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Peterson and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Eubank for going with me to Hershey Park ! ^-^ You two are the best !! 
I'll meet you half way if you promise me forever . 
When I feel down I play Party Rock Anthem by LMFAO !! Then I feel like dancing !! lol 
When you can't find something , just go with the flow . Fate has a funny way of reuniting things . 
thinking of new ideas for screenplays . Feel free to throw some ideas or opinions at me . Here's the types I have in mind : Zombie movie , Romantic comedy , and maybe a action movie . 
From one soul to another . 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side ~ \ 
\ 
1st person turns you in : < PROPFEMALE > Peterson\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPFIRST > Garcia\ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPFEMALE > Landis\ 
4th person is your first victim : < PROPFIRST > Pearson\ 
5th person tries to kill YOU : Jenn Layton\ 
6th person is the police officer that arrests you : < PROPFIRST > Renee\ 
7th person is your lawyer : < PROPFEMALE > Cousins 
what is with all these chronic headaches !! Seriously . T ~ T 
1 . ) Are you attractive ? \ 
2 . ) Are you important to me ? \ 
3 . ) Have you ever made me smile ? \ 
4 . ) Have you ever made me sad ? \ 
5 . ) Would I ever date you ? \ 
6 . ) Do I see you in my future ? \ 
7 . ) Do I love you ? \ 
8 . ) Confession ? \ 
9 . ) Have I ever had a crush on you ? \ 
10 . ) Do I want your # ? \ 
11 . ) Would I cry if you died ? \ 
12 . ) Rate 1-10 ? \ 
13 . ) Dare you to put this as your status ? 
>-< Why does LHU give us so much crap !! Now we have another card we have to < PROPFEMALE > around . 
Read it an weep ! Nothing after 12:15 PM !! BLAM !! \ 
Spanish 2 9:05 - 9:55 AM M-W-F\ 
Intro to Psychological Science 10:10 -11AM M-W-F\ 
Communications Law and Ethics 8:00 - 9:15 AM T-R\ 
Intro to Theatre 9:30 - 10:45 AM T-R\ 
Play Production 11:00 - 12:15 PM T-R 
Let's set this night on fire !! 
[] I HAD a crush on you\ 
[] I HAVE a crush on you\ 
[] You're attractive\ 
... [] I would kiss you\ 
[] Stranger\ 
[] I love having you in my life\ 
[] I miss you\ 
[] You UGLY ! \ 
[] Youre cute\ 
[] I love you\ 
[] Youre pretty\ 
[] You bad as shit\ 
[] We need to < PROPFEMALE > out ! \ 
[] You should call me\ 
[] You should text me\ 
[] You should stop liking my statuses\ 
[] Im wondering where you've been all my life\ 
[] I dare you to put this as your status\ 
[] I dont know you\ 
[] Inbox me :) 
School !!! Why don't you come a little sooner ? I'm ready to go back !!!! ^-^ With my awesome friends and roomie that I miss so much !!!! 
Step back , look around , let me show you what this is about . Take a < PROPMALE > , let yourself fall , and you will see it all . I'm here , you're there , now lets come together somewhere . Take a < PROPMALE > , and be impressed of what your heart has to test . This is < PROPFEMALE > , and that's just the rest . 
Say you are < PROPMALE > Potter . \ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st two people are your loveable sidekicks : < PROPFIRST > Slemmer and < PROPFEMALE > Patterson\ 
3rd person is your Slytherin enemy : < PROPFEMALE > Weiser\ 
4th person is the Dark Lord : < PROPFEMALE > Valentine\ 
5th person is a follower of the Dark Lord : < PROPFEMALE > Altland\ 
6th person is your white-bearded mentor : < PROPFIRST > Crouse\ 
7th person is your owl : < PROPFEMALE > Andersen\ 
8th person is a rockin ' Potions Master : < PROPFIRST > Pearson 
Today starts one of the busy weeks ... moving in day is approaching !!!! ^-^ 
so many things to do , and feels like so little time to do them . 
>-< Burnt my hand like an idiot . How stupid can I be !! Plus no burn cream !! 
We had an earthquake apparently . ????? 
I want Sunday to get here soon !!! XD yay !!!! 
packing is a pain ! 
If I could list all the things that make you great , then it would take a lifetime ! XD 
Anyone I know who lives on the hill ? 
If I was eating a wrench . I don't know what I would think , honestly . 
My shins hurt . ^_^ Now I want to go for a walk !!! 
Chapter title , \What is Psychology ? \ " \ 
Why does Spanish homework have to be so hard ! I don't even know how much I'm suppose to do !! 
I think I took a 5 hour nap . O_o 
I need sleep ... 
I need a shower every hour ! ~_~ 
chilling in Smith Hall , eating Chinese , and hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Cohen . 
Why is it just so hot in Lock Haven !!!!!! and rainy !!! 
When life gives you dandruff in a pouch , make mash potatoes . 
I think all this rain has given me some unwanted ailment . 
Dear iTunes , you sometimes have some AMAZING free songs ! WAY TO GO !!!!!! 
You're in a scary movie .... use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile ! \ 
1st to die : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \ 
Runs through woods in high heels and dies : < PROPFEMALE > Eriksen\ 
Dies having sex : < PROPFIRST > Heckler I'm sorry :'( \ 
Dies checking out a noise in the dark basement : Jenn Layton ( Not like you)\ 
Loudmouth everyone wants to die but doesn't: < PROPFEMALE > Peterson ( Yay , you survive but harsh ! )\ 
Who lives : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Eubank ( Nice ! )\ 
Killer : < PROPFEMALE > Cohen :O 
Auditions !!! Auditions !!! ^-^ They were so fun !!!! I was better this time , I think !!! Breath , and take your time , seemed to work !! 
Blah . 
T_T Rain . 
I'm pretty sure I'm going backwards through life right now . Monday felt like Sunday , Tuesday felt like Saturday , today feels like Friday . 
sleep >_> 
I am so cold . I wish we could shut the window for a few days . 
ZUMBA ! 
I was eating emotions apparently . 
~_~ what did I eat ! God , I feel so sick ! 
\No water pressure eh ? \"" 
so last night , my roommate says , ' I like your < PROPFEMALE > accent . ' And I'm just , ' it comes out when I get tired . ' 
I wish Glennon could help me now , but I have to wait until tomorrow to know what is wrong with me . 
What is this ?!?! Facebook be normal !! 
I need actors of a small skit I'm doing . If you're interested , it'll only last a few weeks then you are free . I need either 1 guy and 1 girl or 2 girls . If you are available to do this please text or call ( 717)348-3540 Thank you ! 
^-^ I'm going to be a scene shop worker !!!!! YAY !!! 
I'm so bored . I wish I had someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with , or I could have went to NYC . 
Massive homework time !! Lets go !!! I'll be victorious !!! YEAH !!!! 
I luvls my boo boos !!!!!! YAR !!! 
Doing a lot of recording today . Yay , I guess . >_> 
I am so cold !! 
Whatever >_> 
So stressed out >_> Why is life so stupid ! 
Cups do not make very good shovels . 
Started my Vitamin C regimen . I wonder how this will work out if I do take one for 250 days !?!? 
I'm so cold , and this actual cold doesn't help . Start working Vitamin C !!!!!!!! 
I feel so sick ~_~ 
T_T I feel worse . 
Every time someone likes this , I'll confess one . \ 
1 . Full name :\ 
2 . Best friend :\ 
3 . Relationship status :\ 
4 . Who I can't live without :\ 
5 . Worst fear :\ 
6 . Last phone call :\ 
7 . Last kiss :\ 
8 . Last hug :\ 
9 . My addiction :\ 
10 . Who I miss :\ 
11 . Shoe size :\ 
12 . Who I love :\ 
13 . Favorite movie :\ 
14 . Favorite color :\ 
15 . Last scare :\ 
16 . Who I hate :\ 
17 . Who scares me :\ 
18 . Worst insecurity : 
Confession 1 : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Whitesel 
Confession 2 : My best friends are < PROPFEMALE > Peterson and < PROPFIRST > Labe . Don't take offense if you think you're my best friend . My best friends happy to be the people who know me the best . There are other people that I consider close friends , but not best friends . 
Confession 3 : Worse fear ... I think my worst fear is spiders . I just know one day I'm going to be eaten by spiders . It always happens in my dreams . 
Confession 4 : Last kiss ... I think fall of last year ? I can't remember when we broke up . 
Confession 5 : My addiction ... I think it would have to be anime or manga or a combination of both honestly . 
Confession 6 : Last scare ... two nights ago . I took NyQuil because I'm sick , and woke up at like 3 am just to look out the window , see an orange light , and think that I was in some other < PROPFEMALE > . 
Confession 7 : Favorite color .... I don't have one , but I have three : Red , Black , and Blue . 
Confession 8 : Who I hate .... This one isn't about who I hate , it's what I hate that people do . 1 ) I hate when people are around my age or older who act childish . That really bothers me . 2 ) I hate when people can't tell/ask me things straight to me . 
Confession 9 : Last hug .... Hard to say . I get hugs several times a day , I don't remember who hugged me last . 
I feel a little better today , then I did two days ago . And A LOT better from yesterday . However , this cold can just go jump in a hole somewhere and leave me alone . >_> lol 
roommate didn't go to bed until 2 . She kept me awake . 
BOOGLEY BOOGLEY BOOOOO 
loves the weird feeling you get when you take a ring off , and it still feels like you're wearing it . 
