Well , 2009 is gone and 2010 has arrived . I just hope this year is going to be better than last year thats for sure . Happy New Year everyone and remember those that made it possible for you to celebrate it . 

Well my first day of 2010 was just fine , all alone and enjoying the peace and quite of my home , plus didn't have to work , ah this is the true meaning of bliss . 
Why in god's name did I make this ? 
I hate schools and colleges 
Day turned out good after all ... Can't wait to start pulling my pay down from the Navy only 8 months 
love how people like to debate on Americas position in war ... yet they have no idea what their talking about . 2,997 is not a small number remember that ! 
ATTENTION ALL WHO FLY AMERICAN FLAGS ! TOMORROW THE UNITED STATES FLAG IS TO BE PLACED AT HALF MAST IN HONOR OF A FALLEN < PROPFEMALE > . GOD BLESS THIS < PROPFEMALE > FOR HIS SERVICE AND GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS ! 
Sick of people running their mouths ! 
Just came back from drill , Pain has now set in , can't move arms or right knee , Never stand for 15 hours directing traffic not the best move , However this weekend turned out great . 
Going running tomorrow at the track , can't wait , going to be a great day tomorrow , no school is just a plus . Yes I'm in a good mood , get over it ! 
Dang track was locked up tight , oh well still had a good day at the park 
Day couldn't have been better . Cleaned ( alittle ) , Got packed for survivial training and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with Mary-cate and family at church , really good day . 
Church was great , sucks I have to miss it next week . 
Feel sorry for the shueys , sucks this had to happen to them . 
Survival training was canceled , that sucks packed of nothing , dang it all . Oh well now I can go to church on Sunday . 
Don't understand how any one can call themselves superior to someone else if they don't have the experience or leadership ability to be better than anyone else . 
Got a job in 20 mins ? Not that I'm complaining but dang ... Now working for Little Cearsers in Greenville , if anyone needs a job and don't mind driving to Greenville for it let me know they need people like crazy 
Just got home from 1st day on the job . Thinking I could get used to this place , all though I haven't met the actual Manager just the store manager , kinda dreading that . Oh well working tomorrow 5-10PM 
Only working 1 day next week , it sucks but oh well . 
Sitting at CPO Adams place , sick of driving , only 4 months till I sign those papers !!! Working as much as possible next week 
Home from Drill , hate how kids can't respect an active duty LT . or an active duty Petty officer ... Was moved up to LPO that was the only good thing about this weekend . School in the morning and working Mon . ; Thurs . ; and Sat . ; money money money ! Getting first Pay check tomorrow as well 
Got my first paycheck ... Its not that much but it will help . Getting some gas tomorrow and doing some other things , Planning on saving atleast 10 bucks till next week , when I get an even smaller check ... gawh the first days on the job suck ! 
Working on Halloween ?..... Yes now I don't have to hand < PROPFEMALE > out to little kids gotta love it 
Wishing I would have known that tid bit of information earlier in the year .... Dang it 
Nice to know there are just some things that could have happened in the past that now have a slim < PROPMALE > of ever happening again in the future ... oh well still kinda sucks when I think about it ... could be for the best 
weeks going pretty good for me right about now , can't wait to see how it works out for the rest of the week . Work on Wednesday 5-close and Saturday 5-9 or close . Also got paid today $75.13 lovein it 
Love how this week is going , had a great time tonight and can't wait till Thursday and Friday . Work Tomorrow 5 till Close and Sat . 5 till Close . 
Great week , Great day , Great night , Great person to be around and spend it with . Tomorrow should be great as well 
Work tonight , can't go out at all today , sucks but at least I'll be making some money . Hoping to do something tomorrow just don't know yet , still loving this week it has been great . 
Just got home from work , Sick as a Dog , wish I felt better and I'm glad < PROPFEMALE > let me go early . Most likely going to call in tomorrow . still loving the week though 
Woke up at 6:00 , feeling much better , Work today 4-9 Pm then on monday Movie , anyone know any good ones ? NEED HELP ! 
Not really in the best mood , numerous reasons not going into them with anyone so don't ask . Work on Wed . and Sat . 
Had a great night , with a great person . Hope to do it again soon , but work tomorrow 5-11 PM , money and time to do nothing but annoy < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > haha 
Great month , great week , great day . Great person to spend it with , love being around her , Work 2morrow 5-10 then off on FRI . and Work on Sat . 5-11 
Tonight was awesome right uptil I locked my keys in the car , Oh well , loved spending time with her today and can't wait till tues . Work today 5-11 PM babysitting the nephew 0830-1400 
RIP A'sha pray to God that we find the one responsible and bring them to justice . 
having to drive back home from TN tomorrow , if it don't snow and go to work , this sucks , come on snow rain down please please please 
giving up on most things , about to start only going through the motions , life's just not going my way right now , don't ask why will not answer you . 
Still just going through the motions , things are finally starting to look up for me just hope they will stay that way . Work on Fri . Parade on Sat . and changing oil for 2 cars as well , then work again on Sun . busy weekend just glad I got Sat . off 
going through the motions seems to be helping me more and more , brought my grade up in math , thanks to the study group I was invited to , and no work for the rest of the weekend . If only a few more things happen today it will be a great day . Parade tomorrow and changing oil . FUN FUN . 
Spanish and AP US History Exams tomorrow , dreading those but I will get through .... Maybe , off till Sat . 
well Exams are almost over , Passed my Spanish with a 71 , Failed my English with a 68 ( so close ) , Aced my AP US History grade unk , most likly passed my Chemistry I Honors , just ROTC and Math left tomorrow ..... Dear God , I hate Math I hate it hate hate it hate it hate it !!!!!! 
School is out for the rest of the 2009 year ! finally 
Just got home from work , Finished my book ( finally ) now I need a new one .... Work tomorrow 5-9 fun fun , then work on Wed , Thurs . yay ! ( God help me ) 
doesn't feel like going to bed , Thinking about life again ( I need to stop that ) , been up for about 22 hours now , oh well , off tomorrow and Tues . then work up till Christmas . 
HATES TRYING TO DRIVE THIS TIME OF YEAR !!!! OH MY GOD WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST ORDER THEIR STUFF ONLINE THAT WOULD MAKE MORE SENSE !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , hope it is good for all of yall and pray that the weather stays nice so I don't get stuck in TN and lose my job ! ha again < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year 
Thank God Christmas is over , now I just need to find a bank to put my money in . 
Florida losing their coach is amazingly funny and I believe its just because he don't want to face the Vols without Tebow as QB , hahaha Gators your amazing seasons are over ! 
Dang it all , I take back my previous status because , Urban Mayer is not going to leave he just wanted all the media attention . God another < PROPFIRST > Farve . 
Would like to say Thank you to all Past , Present , and Future vets of the Armed Forces . I salute you all 
Alot of things on my mind , somethings are more on top than the others , really starting to think about how I conduct myself around the one's I care about and the one's that deserve my respect . Something is wrong with me and I know it , just can't put my finger on it . 
Well only two more days till we have to go back to school ... This is a good thing and a bad thing , good because we're almost done and it's the time to start your goodbyes . Bad because we are all getting used to having nothing to do and that its time to start our goodbyes . 
working everyday till drill , thats MON . TUES . WEDS . THURS . then drill on FRI . SAT . SUN . dear god I need a break once in my life ! 
well , week 1 of the new year is over , finally , lot to think about ... hopefully drill will clear my head for a while , I'm going to enjoy this time away from here , and work . Be back Sun . afternoon . 
Just got home from drill , where it was cold , well below freezing and now people are already running their mouths about things that haven't happened . GOD PEOPLE REALLY CUT THE CRAP OUT ! 
Things looking up again , was forced to leave work early cause we so slow , not feeling the best in the world idk whats wrong , really tired about to head to bed early . 
had an eventful and insightful night , about to hit the rack and gain those few hours of sleep as always , work tomorrow again as always , I feel as though I'm stuck in a rut at times ..... 
ATTENTION ! ALL WHO WORK AT A FAST FOOD OR RETAIL BUSINESS NEW FAKE < PROPMALE > S ARE ON THE LOOSE AND BEING USED IN AND AROUND THE GREENVILLE AREA $00 < PROPMALE > S ARE BEING FAKED BY WASHING OUT 5 < PROPMALE > S AND THEN PRINTING THE FACE OF THE 100 ON IT , PENS WON'T DETECT IT ! ONLY WAY TO CHECK IS TO HOLD THE < PROPMALE > TO THE LIGHT AND CHECK FOR THE WATERMARK OF < PROPMALE > , IF THAT WATERMARK IS'NT < PROPMALE > IT IS A FAKE AND NOT TO BE TAKEN ! 
Here's something for all you facebook people to think about : \Have I [ state your name here ] really earned the right to be here ? Do I [ insert your name here ] really deserve what is given to me ? Will I [ insert your name here ] be remebered for all the good things I have done when I'm gone or only the bad ? \ " now you know what goes on in my head everyday .... " 
Today was good , long and boring but still fun , Last day of the week tomorrow , then the weekend and maybe sometime to sleep in . Finally finished my Spanish Project and now I just have to worry bout AP notes .... I hope we didn't have to do them . 
Just got called into work , on my day off ! ( again ) I swear am I not allowed to have a day to just sit and finish homework and enjoy my time or what ? well it's only 12-4 but still give me a break ! 
CV joints going bad in the stupid car($220+) , belts needing to be replaced ($40 ) , air conditioning needs to be installed ($500 ) Yeah .... looks like I'm not taking a cut on hours anytime soon . 
3 days till my birthday and things start going wrong already , I swear just one day of no worries , one day of nothing pissing me off , one day of nothing breaking or going wrong ! Please I just need one day , ONE DAY ! 
Work from 5-9 tonight , then off for tomorrow and my birthday . Gee , this year is going to be great , Lord , why is it that my life always has problems 
whatever I have done , I'm sorry and will be till I find out what I have done . I will stay away as long as I have too to allow you to chill , I'm sorry again and hope we can work this out . 
I pray that our heavenly Father may assuage the anguish of your bereavement , and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and lost , and the solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The United States is like giant boiler . Once the fire is lighted under it , there is no limit to the power it can generate . ~ < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Going to work at 4 . have to close tonite .. Going to miss the majority of the Superbowl .... SOMEONE better be texting me to tell me the score ! 
Drill this weekend , leaving at 0600 on Sat . to attend a boating class at the Coast Guard Aux . in Columbia . Sun . Unit Inspection at 0900 by the LCMD of the USNSCC fun fun 
Sick and tired of living in this house , sick and tired of living with these people , sick and tired of the drive from drill weekends , and Sick and tired of Police always pulling me over ! 
life ... what a useless word , At times I realize how bad it is to feel this way but at others I can't stand the thought of that word , I miss how life used to be , simple and understandable , where I knew my place .. but now .... 
Guess what peoples , Facebook is a public net-working site in the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , Last time I checked I have full rights to freedom of speech in this great country , and I will here-by express that right ... I WILL POST ANYTHING THAT I FEEL FIT TO POST , I WILL NOT BE CENSORED . 
Well , weeks just about over , still have alot of paperwork to do for PO3 < PROPMALE > , and work , and AP history paper and English Paper 
Praise the Lord ! Pass the ammunition ! God wants you to go to war ! ~ ~ Serj Tankian 
Life is but a trial that all peoples must endure before reaching perfection , for without life , perfection doesn't seem like so . Without Life , how can you experience everlasting happiness ? Life , is but a trial that we must all endure .... 
Would you believe me if I told you that I still love you ? Or would it just seem like a bad dream ? 
Is Very confused at the moment , idk what to say to be completely honest .... 
I believe I'm losing my mind , things are happening that I can't explain and things that I just lay down are disappering ! I swear whoever is stealing my stuff I will kill you when I find you ! 
God Bless those that gave up their tomorrows for out Todays , for they are the true Heros , They the Sailors , Soldiers , Airmen , Marines , and yes , even Coast Guard without them where would we be ??? 
gettin better the closer it gets to bed , just hope I can keep this going now . 
Ah well , life is back to its normal , nothing amazing , routine ... idk why I'm so bad at this relationship thing , but ah well maybe I can get better at it . School in the morning , then work , off on Tues . ( finishing paper then ) then hopefully work on Wed . 
My fellow < PROPFEMALE > ns , I regret to say that this country is falling , I will support her till the end , I will fight for her when I can , Pray for < PROPFEMALE > , she won't be here for much longer ! 
SICK OF DOING OTHER PEOPLE'S JOBS BECAUSE THEY ARE TOO LAZY TO DO IT THEMSELVES ! WHAT IS SO HARD ABOUT WORKING AT LITTLE CAESARS THAT THEY CAN'T DO ? I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT ! 
14 pages done and 4,517 words , English IV Honors Paper completed , at 21:57 finally . 
Life starting to look up , paper done , school bout out , and I may be moving up into management at Little Caesars ( again ) ah hopefully going to be a good week . 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You ; Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense ; Never let your prayin knees get lazy ; And love like crazy 
give that girl with her hair in a mess , sleepy little smile with her hair on my chest , that the you that I like best , give me that girl ! 
Life is but a trial that we must all endure , but in that trial there are some perks that come into play . Love is one of those perks as is any emotional feeling , Just lets you know that your still human . 
I have learned something today ! People of FB listen , September 19th is National Talk Like a Pirate Day ... is there anyone on here who knew that existed ? 
USNR here I come , less than 3 months till DEP then a year till RT ! 
So sick of High School , dear God , I pray you please let this summer go by slow and senior year go by quick so I can finally do what I want in life ! Palmetto is by far the Worst high school around and I'm sick of the stupid stuff that goes on there ! 
Phone was off almost all day ... never realized how great silence is when you don't have that stupid thing going off every mins . and then work . fun fun ah gotta love silence 
The Military is a serious place , those that play Call of duty and other games like that have no idea what its like , in the real world your Kill/Death ratio doesn't matter , because you can get as many kills as you need but you can only die once ! Not every averge < PROPFIRST > can do military work . 
I wanna be a good man A do like I should man I wanna be the kind of man the mirror likes to see I wanna be a strong man And admit that I was wrong man God I'm askin’ you to come change me Into the man I wanna be 
Back from drill , a cold , rainy , and < PROPFEMALE > day at TC 2 and at FT . < PROPMALE > . PT run was canceled and got a test next drill , one step closer to that PO3 rate , ( E4 for all military personal ) and Petty Officer 3rd class for all Civilians . Fun fun fun 
message to anyone that is part of any type of group with a chain of command . Any information you put out will get back to the commanding officer or boss . As a result of what you put out , you may just screw yourself out of whatever it is you were complaining about . Message is intended for all colorguard members as well 
bored out of my mind 
If you fail , I fail ! I don't like to fail ! Don't make me Fail ! 
What you believe is the truth could be a lie to another person ( and the other person is normally right ) . Never feel so proud that you can not except the truth from an outside source . 
People need to lose the attitude Now ! I'm Sick of Dealing with it and sick of hearing it , you got a problem step up , you don't then stand down ! You want to fight about it then lets go ! I'm all ready 
I remember daddy brought me here when I was eight , We searched all day to find out where my granddad lay , And when we finally found that cross , He said , ' Son this is what it cost , to keep us free ' . Now here I am a thousand stones away from him , He recognized me on the first day I came in , And it gave me a chill , when he clicked his heels , and saluted me . 
If anyone has any idea where my backpack is please let me know , it was hand made in Kuwait and has my name in Arabic and in English , has the old BDU desert camo , and Operation Iraqi Freedom on the front . Please let me know if you have seen it 
I want to kill the freshman that stole my Backpack . If the school thinks I'm going to pay for the books they stole from it they are seriously messed up in the head 
you gotta live to learn\ 
you gotta crash and burn\ 
you gotta make some stances\ 
and take some chances\ 
you gotta live and love\ 
and take all life has to give\ 
you gotta live and learn\ 
so you can learn to live 
Pissed due to fact that since I just got home from drill ( 8:50 PM ) on a Sunday , I was scheduled to work 5-CL ???? WTF How am I suppose to work on the weekend I have drill ?? plus I asked for this WHOLE weekend off ! and what happens ? I get Scheduled just so F-ing Amazing !!! 
Through Enlightenment of my family and certain military personal I have come to the conclusion that no matter how much I dislike Barack Obama and no matter how much I disagree with his views , I should not join groups that deface him , deface him myself , or in anyway publicly show my disagreements . He is my Commander in Chief and I will show respect toward him . 
Just remembered I have Drill on the 5th and 6th of June , KILL ME ! also I don't have $240 I need some donations anyone what to help ??? 
Well my training has been changed from Palm Beach , FL to Lavirina , TN . ( where ever that is ) but hey its something to do and better than sitting at home all summer . Leave tomorrow for drill and then for TN on monday and won't be back till the 27 or 28 . 
JESUS ! Thank you god for letting That RT be over with , my company sucked ! made me fill like I failed them ... 2 weeks of pure insanity , hazing problems , leadership problems and what not , just glad its over . 
If I should die on the ol ' drop zone , \ 
Box me up and send me home\ 
Pin my medals upon my chest\ 
Then tell my country I've done my best\ 
Then tell bury me in the front < PROPFEMALE > and rest ! 
When I say 1 , you say 2\ 
When I say PT , you say for you\ 
When I say 3 , you say 4\ 
When I say PT , you say some more\ 
When I say 5 , you say 6\ 
When I PT , you say for kicks 
My computer just broke even more , my screen won't even say up anymore , I hate Laptops with all my might , who wants to donate to the \HELP SMITH GET A NEW LAPTOP\ " fund ? " 
getting a few college apps . done already .... don't know if thats the best thing to do or not but hey I haven't sent in my transcripts yet so its all good . btw if you need to take the ACT there is a test being given on Sept . 11 register now college isn't far away 
doesn't understand why the Fourth of July is celebrated on the 2nd and 3rd instead of the 4th .... doesn't make sense to me 
This is the day that we unite as a country , this is the day that we Americans celebrate the day this country became THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > . This day is given to you by our men and women of our Armed Forces . Thank a veteran today for all you are given ! 
well people believe it or not some Americans are beginning to wake up . Recent newspapers have pointed out that Obama wasn't born here ( surprise , surprise ) . Could somthing new be coming to the US ? I hope so . 
well I'm off again FB people , this time to NAS Jacksonville , FL for SeaBee training . I'll be gone from the July 10th to July 30th . I leave at 0900 tomorrow morning . Hope yall have a good remaining summer and enjoy it while it lasts ! Talk to yall when I get back . 
Just got back to chilly South < PROPFEMALE > , so much colder here than in FL , CB was fun and I recieved Senior Cheif Petty Officer Anchors from Chief Hoffmann , one of the biggest honors I have ever recieved . 
Its awesome how I come home and suddenly get hit with the reality of I have so much crap to do before school starts up again and when I have to head back to work .... Good Lord I'm going to need your help with this one . 
anyone know if southern lit had any summer work ? i was never informed . 
Just remember Life is what you make it , if you say your life is horrible , your life will be horrible , if you say your life is great it will be great . Just live life to the fullest , live life the way you want to live it and never underestimate what you believe is bad situtation , cause all in all its just training for the real world . 
Today I've realized that just because your parents may get on your nerves and at times you may want to kill them or you just seem to have lost all respect for them as your parents , they are only trying to prepare you for the real world . So with that I say Thank You Mother and Father for all the things I am now prepared for . 
up early , once again to head back to Ft . < PROPMALE > to help the unit move . Believe it or not work is good for the soul . No matter how much one complains , wines , and says they hate their job , if it wasn't for said job then they wouldn't be able to have the fun they have , have the health they hold , and gain the life experience you get from it . Thank you again Father for teaching me the value of hard work . 
Just got done with the ASVAB , not that bad except for the electrical and auto shop questions ... its official I'm not a electration , however thanks to what I've learned from my dad all these Years really helped me in the long run 
Those that say that energy is wasted on the young are dead wrong . The young may have the energy that we all wish to have but they are only that way because they have nothing to worry about , their minds are carefree and worryless ... if all the people in the world were like this , energy would never be just for the young . 
Well the clemson game had all that I expected it to be , freshman thinking that just showing up was good enough , upperclassmen trying to be OIC ... just like all the first ones . However , it did turn out to be pretty good , it was a good day . 
Well facebook , looks this is goodbye for a while , the new place doesn't have internet and don't look like it will be getting any for awhile . Today was a great day , got to spend some time with her and saw alot of old friends . Same thing tomorrow and work on tues . 
work work work work work work WORK ! yay for work , if it wasn't for work my wallet would be empty empty empty empty EMPTY ! but that doesn't mean I have to like it ..... 
just completed my USC Application , Norwich , and about to finish my Citadel , and FSU tomorrow . Now just to get my financial Aid and higher scores in ACT and SAT . 
so I got my ACT scores back today , and I didn't do that bad ... I made a 26 composite and scored a 26 in english , 29 in science , 19 in math ( which means I have to retake it now ) and a 22 in reading . this is great , but dang math I hate it . 
work tonight and then clemson in the morning with ROTC . yeah nothing going to get much sleep tonight . but oh well 
....... really dont know what to say or do .... 
You gotta live every single day\ 
Like it’s the only one\ 
What if tomorrow never comes\ 
Don’t let it slip away\ 
Could be our only one\ 
You know its only just begun\ 
Every single day\ 
May be our only one\ 
What if tomorrow never comes 
just an outstanding night ... work in the am ( thank god for a ten hour shift , keeps my mind off things ) 
thinking bout getting a second job at the BI-LO in Powdersville for alittle extra cash , only bout 10-15 hours a week , nothing < PROPMALE > , what yall think ? I already work 20+ hours a week at little caesars but I only work 3 days a week now ... please give me your imput . 
Finds it strange how someone who likes long relationships just can't seem to make one work but for a month or two .... I've come to the conclusion that it is me not them , maybe I am the one who isn't making it work , maybe I talk to much , maybe I talk to little , maybe I look to hard to find something wrong , or maybe I care to much ... oh well maybe I'll find out what the deal is 
this sucks , I hurt my wrist at work somehow and now it hurts to bend it , and I got PT tomorrow morning .... um can anyone say 1 handed push ups ? cause I can . question is how many can I do ? 
Drill in the AM , and on SUN . Heading to the VATS trainer to qualify . No txts and no calls till Sun . Afternoon please . 
Life is nothing to get excited about , its a place filled with heart-ache , hurt , war , death , and sickness . If your religious , why would you fear death ? You would go to a place of peace , no war , no death , no sickness , love is alway present never hard to find and impossible to lose . Death isn't the end its a beginning . Yeah don't ask just had this on my mind . 
Went to the State Fair today with Physics , It wasn't that bad , got to < PROPFEMALE > out without doing school work . Pretty good day if I must say . However , My mother has my social Security card in her purse and I kinda needed it to head up to MEPS today .... SO i have to leave at 0300 tomorrow morning for COLUMBIA , oh so much fun ! 
well , back from MEPS , it was a slow day .... and my phone will not turn on ... so yeah good day if I suppose 
Back from Clemson , Work tomorrow , really need to find something else to do on the weekends .... oh well such is life . Work from 4-10 I need a second job someone please help me here ! 
is sick of hearing how depressed high school students are , THIS IS HIGH SCHOOL PEOPLE , Suck it up ! If your depressed because of high school drama , a certain girl , or what ever , I can only wait till yall reach the big world and have to deal with bills , a job , debts and what not . THERE IS NOTHING TO BE DEPRESSED ABOUT IN HIGH SCHOOL ! 
Just got accepted to Norwich University ! The number one school that I've choose accepted me ! Finally . I'm exicted but now I have to worry bout what I'll do with the military , wondering why half my family don't seem to care , and try to find out what to do to pay for 25% of tution cost .... its already stressful and it hasn't started yet . 
was having a good day but sadly just like usual it turned to how it normally is , ah welcome to life ... tomorrow is the last day of school for a while so maybe it'll be good . 
I need an electrican , my house is very strange .... no power except in two rooms , and only my oven , microwave , coffee maker , and washer work . however my dryer(which is right next to my washer ) doesn't have power what is going on ?????????? 
Just got my acceptance letter from the Citadel ! Two of my Three colleges I applied for have accepted me ! I can't wait till Aug . now ! Looks like the Citadel it my better choice . < PROPFIRST > Meece and < PROPFEMALE > Norton I'll be seeing yall there 
Can someone please tell me how a faulty tail light is worth $237.50 in a fine ????? IT HAS A SHORT ! HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO FIX IT ????????? I need someone who can fix car tail-lights without chargeing me out the nose for it and quick ! 
Well got my manager uniform today from little caesars with the news that my general superviser will have to ( once again ) watch me run a shift before my pay will be raised to actual manager pay .... so as of now I'm just staying at 7.60 /hour . I hate my job ! 
today marks the 92nd anniversary of the Signing of the Armistic that ended World War 1 . Can you believe that it has been that long since the \war to end all wars\ " ended ? There are no veterans of WWI left ... But there are Veterans of other wars that have been fought to keep this nation free that deserves your thanks . Thank a Veteran today . Happy Veterans Day . " 
Really sick of moving ... just move to this place then got kicked out and have to move again and guess what I'll be doing in 7 months ? MOVING yayayayayaya ! 
Finally Here in the Great State of Tennessee , so much has changed in the past few months its kinda sad really .... but hey thats life lots of change ... Staying here till friday then heading back for work and moving .... again ! Yall enjoy your Thanksgiving 
Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone , hope its a good one and hope none of yall eat to much , but hey we're Americans thats a wish that we won't ever come true . haha 
Well got my car fixed up yet again , just a few more things till its back to new status , minus the 150,000 < PROPMALE > of course . Changed brakes , put in new speakers , balanced/rotated my tires , and getting it aligned on Fri .. Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
It just hit me that in a few months I will leave my civilian life and ways behind to pick up and wear the uniform of a Citadel Cadet and in a years time I will be wearing my Active Blues .... life is going by quick 
um it just hit me that i have no idea where my calculator is and i have ACT in less than 8 hours ..... someone help 
Back to the same old job , Day in and day out , this thing really gets boring after a year or so .... really not up to it today . Work from 10am to 8pm 
Hoping the Physics exam isnt that bad , really have my fingers crossed ... don't want to lose my straight A's! haha 
got my article words done , had a great night with my girl , and praticed my guitar for the assembly tomorrow .... all in all it was a good day ! Who knew you could one during exams ? 
Took my Nephew to go see < PROPFEMALE > today .... needless to say he was terrorfied , but once he jumped up on St. Nicks lap he was good to go , Asked for a firetruck and got all happy . Just waiting on Christmas to see if old < PROPFEMALE > brings it to him 
Hurt , Disappointed , Ashamed , this is why 2nd chances don't work ... done with relationships for awhile ... 
Just got the Christmas tree up , 14ft of pure pain in the behind , but its up and done .... now just for the rest of the house .... 
Work 10 to 6 , then back home , change , shower , pick someone up and head right back out to Woodruff Rd . for Christmas Shopping ... Whew ! busy day ahead 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! have a safe and happy Christmas and New Year 
Neve thought he'd say this but he really misses work ..... it gives him something to do everyday .... however i still hate my job ! 
Just now got my new laptop set up from Christmas , Windows 7 isn't too bad 
ha believe it or not I have become a movie person .... I have just bought 7 movies should be fun 
Had one of the best nights I've had in awhile ... plus I got to see Psycho for the first time ! Sad that that was once rated R 
Its official I now hate computers with a passion , they just to complicated to understand ! 
Life isn't too bad right now , just got some things and people on my mind but whatelse is new ? Work tonight ... maybe ... haven't decided yet ... but work tomorrow and Sat . 
Sick of my fricking job ! God , wish I wasn't leaving in 6 months or I would go get a job as an Emergency Dispatcher . Thats a Certification that will probably just go to waste 
Here's a question for this facebook people : I am trying to decide between a Master-at-Arms ( Military Police officer ) , a Search and Rescue Swimmer for the Navy , or Corpsman ( combat Medic ) let me know what yall think would fit me 
Really don't want to go to work .... 
Well started my online class about 3 hours ago ... needless say all is well there , Had a very good night with an amazing person , Had today off from work , and school actually wasn't that bad today . All in all I guess today was a pretty outstanding day . Sleep well everyone and Good luck in life 
Is it normal for a person to worry about things that won't happen or little things that don't matter at all and not worry about the big things that could really mess something up ? 
So government online = pain in the butt , but its really not that hard , almost done with the first week and the class just started yesterday .... 
woke up this morning for work , took a shower , shaved , and everything else , looked around for my work uniform and realized it hasn't be washed yet .... so waiting for them to dry before I leave for work , gonna be a rushed day 
Well today was a great day . Got to spend my day with the best girl in the world . Finished my Gov . paper , and finally got to relax for a day . Oh there needs to be more days like this . 
Well , work is really not getting any more fun to go to ... but hey no worries I suppose ... off tomorrow , then two back to back 10 hour shifts in hell .... Lord help me ! 
Had a great night with my wonderful girlfriend , she is one of the best things to happen in my life . Work in the AM leading into the PM then home to pick up < PROPFIRST > at 9 , work on Virtual School and then bed by 2:00 Sun . then do it all over again ! 
Well still not asleep at 0100 but oh well , school tomorrow , off of work ( yay ! ) and I may get to spend time with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . All in all I think that today is starting to look pretty good . 4 days till my birthday , finally 18 
The best birthday I've had in my life , got the full day off work , got to spend time with my baby , got to relax ALL DAY , and got some good gifts . Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday . Sleep well Facebook . 
did anyone else notice the < PROPMALE > mess up of the anthem before the superbowl ? which ended in a disappointment ... 
had a great day . School and work tomorrow . hopefully it will another great day tomorrow . 
had a great night but alas work today .... all good things are ruined by work ..... 
Why must bad things happen to good people ? A question that has been asked since the < PROPFEMALE > of time and has yet to ever be answered with a logical statement ... why can't good people get the good things in life while the bad get the worse end of it ? 
time can not come any faster ! so ready to move out and start my own life away from this place 
Has found that there are very few people in this world he can trust . And she is one of them , its great to have someone like this . Thank you all the true trustworthy people out there , at least some are doing things right ! 
Being sick + getting ready for Citadel vist + being there sick = bad bad BAD !!!!! 
Heading to Charleston for the Citadel Vist , this should be a fun ride .... Oh well finally getting to see my college campus and get ready to experience the hell of the Citadel for my first year . Wish us luck 
Back from The Citadel ... Not what I was expecting but its where I'm going , just have to get pumped for it I suppose . I report Aug . 13 , 2011 
So on the way to work today , I take the exit off I-85 and in the middle of the road ... is a chicken .... a freaking white chicken ! WTF is a chicken doing in the middle of I-85 ? Does this answer the question as to what happened to the chicken when he tried to cross the road ? 
Got My work caught up till next sunday for my online class . Half-way done ! If I work at it I should be able to finish in the next few weeks 
Lost a future sailor about three weeks ago , he committed suicide . Another brother-in-arms and a friend lost to suicide . Please keep this kid in your prayers he was only 15 years old . RIP Enright ... 
GA in the morning with my baby , and her sister . Should be a fun day . NO WORK FOR TWO DAYS ! YAY !!!! working 35 hours this week ... what joy 
Had a good time at Six Flags with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , rode 5 I think , so all in all wasn't a bad day . 
Have no power at my house because the < PROPMALE > wasnt paid , what a beautiful spring break , don't even get to stay at home . At least I have an amazing girl with a great family that lets me crash at their place . Thank you Simmons family . P.S. really need a roommate if anyone is interested . 
