,, oooO ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Many People Will Walk\ 
,,, (,,,,) ,,,,, Oooo ,,,,, In & Out Of Your Life , \ 
,,,, \\ ,, ( ,,,,,,, (,,,,) ,,,,, But Only Real True ? Friends , \ 
,,,,, \\_) ,,,,,,, ) ,, / ,,,,,, Will Leave Footprints In Your Heart\ 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, (_/ ,,,,,,,, & Memories That You Will Hold Locked Inside Forever ? ? 

Going to brother in laws w family . Going to have a good day ! 
join swagbucks and use my referal code 
weeeeeeeeeeeeee aint life full of trick and mean surprises ?! 
Why does it seem like your afraid to tell me the truth ? Ya , itll most likely hurt but i can get over it & respect you for being honest but instead you avoid me & build my hopes up & let me fall & that hurts but it makes me mad @ you to the point of regret . 
looking for a job around my area . things i can do , ill even stuff envelopes , do dishwashing , light cleaning . im good at filing and organizing . just want a dang job , IS THAT TOO HARD TO ASK ?! 
Let's see who truly reads my status .... you and I wake up in a police car together . Using Four words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on your's as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words are harder than you think ) . Pass the game along ..... 
My hubby turns 38 sunday & he starts a new job today ! Yay hubby ! Hope things go well for him . 
Hope this week goes fast . Well my ole man is a year older , has a job & likes it , < PROPFEMALE > joslin is getting married this week , my father in law gets a yr older saturday & my hubbys & my little social gathering is sunday ! Cant wait ! Seeing i cant be in FL for < PROPFEMALE > s wedding- CONGRATULATIONS ! 
What a week its going to be ! Happy trails everyone ! 
ITS GOING TO BE A GOOD WEEK ... i hope i pray . 
There are people out there with good hearts with honest intentions but the only one i trust 100% is JEHOVAH MY LORD ! 
Yuck ! The weather station says its to rain on sunday with warm temp but im not happy with that . I have my little party so Mr. Rain , can you go away for the summer ? Give us sunshine instead , please ? 
Night . 
Rather go to the meeting in the morning than do what i got to do but @ least i get to bake cookies in the evening for my party sunday . Yall have a good weekend . Cnt wait to hear bout jessicas wedding ! 
Allergies are kicking my butt ... so tired . been cleaning up from the little gathering we had last night . I hope my guests had fun . 
Stay by these things for by doing this you will save both yourself & those who listen to youü 1 < PROPMALE > . 4:16 
Your heart must prove to be complete with Jehovah our God by walking in his regulations & by keeping his commandments as at this day . ü1 Ki . 8:61 
Sick & allergies . . . not a good combo . 
Hey guys , check out Virgin Mobile’s phones & plans at virginmobileusa.com . If you buy one of their phones , make sure you activate it online and enter my Kickbacks Code : \ 
KLoGvDFH . That way WE’LL BOTH GET 60 MINUTES OF BONUS AIRTIME as soon as you add $20 to your account ! Thanks !! 
starting to feel better again so hoepfully weather stays nice and i can go out in service again-got drenched last time lol . 
Electric companies are a trip in a bucket ! They shut off our electric when they were suppose to shut off the apt below us . Now just gotta wait for who knows how many days to get all this corrected . OYI ! 
praying that the rest of the week stays nice .. had a good day so far . hope everyone else does too and if its already a bad day then i hope it gets better . 
Whoever does not receive the kingdom of God like a young child will by no means enter it . ü < PROPFIRST > 10:15 
i waiting for my rebate .. so exited to be able to get a few things done with that money , our cats aint going to like me after this though , they need shots and pongo has to get neutred . 
See , the Lamb of Godü < PROPFIRST > 1:36 
This is my Son , the one that has been chosen . Listen to him . ~ < PROPMALE > 9:35 
Now i know i really an blonde- i got to the store to buy milk & bread & when i get there i remember that i forgot the foodstamp card ! 
Saturday July 2 , 2011 ü He kept sticking to Jehovah . ü 2 Ki . 13:6 
Sunday July 3 , 2011 ü I , for my part , shall rejoice in Jehovah . ü Ps . 104:34 
Monday July 4 , 2011 ü This crowd that does not know the Law are accursed people . ü < PROPFIRST > 7:49 
Tuesday July 5 , 2011 ü A man's enemies will be persons of his own household . ü < PROPMALE > . 10:36 
Jesus obtained an everlasting deliverance for us . ü Heb . 9:12 
Sat , July 9 , 2011 You ... appear righteous to man , but inside you are full of hypocrisy and lawlessness . ü < PROPMALE > . 23:28 
GO PIRATES !!! 
Having an mri today then seeing dr after so will be in the burgh all day . Hit up the cell ! 
Yay ! My mri was good & a tumor that my dr has been treating has shrunk some & i dnt have to go back for 1year ! Im siked ! 
Hubby watching his 2 new movies & im on couch with a book . I think after having a good day i might retire early . I might get my new phone tomorrow & if i do then i can start taking & receiving pictures & upload new pics of my boys too ! 
Oh my ! just found out that someone in CA was trying to hack into my account & thats why ive been locked out . 
ok ppl need advice . keep in mind that i DO NOT HAVE A BANK . i was given a refund throught moneygram in the amount of #83 and it was given to me via CVS . well CVS wont cash it neither will the post office , walmart , shop n save or giant eagle . not i posted a complaint to monetgram but they still have not gotten back yo me . Any1 know how i can cash this ? I totally got screwed . 
What a day ! 
better than frezzing and all the snow ! 
Drs today the going to be with ny son ti sometime saturday ! Yall have good weekend , try to stay cool & hydrated . 
Im trying to upload pics from my phone but they arent going thru & i dont why but im very mad bout it . 
SO tired SO bored BAD cramping 
Taking a nap . if ya wanna bs hit up the cell ( like any1 will txt what a joke ) . 
Lol ur getting on fb ? You dnt do that . 
humana humana hummmmmmmmmmmm . goodness im bored , well off to the dr to get clearance for surgery . 
Lmfo ! Ever hear what D.I.L.M. stands for ? Guess .... 
August should be a fun month ... drs , graduation parties , weddings , baby showers , conventions ... my son , davian , turns 5 on the 16th . then sept 1st , i am having foot surgery . 
Its alright ... its alright .. alright ... she moves in mysterious ways ! 
Why dont you take me to .... funkytown . Why dont you take me to .... funkytown . Why dont you take me to .... fuuunkytown ! 
Going to michigan next week ! Leaving the 11th cant wait . My 1st ASL JW CONVENTION ! Im excited ! if you want to go pls get ahold of me for time & days . it is free . 
Traffic stinks man ! 
tgif ! now lets rock with the weekend ! 
Fb friends & family , i am selling 2 cell phones . 1 for cricket & 1 for virgin mobile . take a look at the photos & if interested , pls inbox me or txt me . thanks . really need the money & hope to help someone . 
thursday , move here faster ! i cant wait to go to michigan ! 
Ok i know im stupid . Punched a glass window with my left palm . Got glass stuck in it so im now ¡ hsp . 
Will be in michigan til sunday evening for JW convention . Have a good weekend everyone ! 
Just blank 
Convention attendance- friday 1 , 300 , saturday 1 , 500 , sunday 1,531 
Its mommy week . Post the date of when you became a mommy for the 1st time . mine is 4/17/02 . 
Just remebered one of my all time favorite songs since i was a kid but cant post it due to me being mobile but its < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > = ( Everything I DO)I Do For You . just a touching song & i love feeling the instrumental solo . 
Wow these are old favorites . < PROPMALE > & cher-i got u babe . cher-believe . 
Its a bother on the mind . ppl will go spreading chain letter junk saying god is testing us . yes he is but just by saying you belive in him or by sending mail but EVERYDAY by our heartfelt actions , words , ect . read the bible ppl & do what god says if you really belive ! concider every move , thought & word you make next cuz it might be something thatll hell look good upon . 
My love is off to work . Welp , goodnight/morning FB . 
yeeeeoooowwwwwwzzzzaaaa ! 
shoping running errands more shopping cleaning ... bad rotten mood and bad tummy . let alone 1 of the kittens tore at my shoulder last night cuz i tried to clean him . he NEEDED it ! he pooped on himself ! 
Getting stitches out today & going away for saturday & sunday to be with my son . Get my left AFO monday & hopefully my oven fixed . 
Davian starts all day kindergarden semptmber 6th ! Im so pround of my lil big man and the parents that are raising him . 
Got to go home sunday :-( i hate when i have to leave my son . it was nice being with him but it goes too fast . welp the good thing bout going home is that ill be with the other man i love ~ MY HUBBY ! 
Oyi got to clean this apt . 2mr starts a new week(but the ending of august ! ) . but surgery next week on the 1st . had fun with my little big man this weekend . yall have a good week now , ya hear . lol 
everyone has someone to love and love them back so never frown for you are never alone ... SMILE 
Its a great .... DAY .... to be alive . I know the suns still shining when i close my eyes ... 
Who actually reads my posts ? Let's see who reads this entirely ... leave me a one word comment that best describes me , using the FIRST letter of your FIRST name . It can only be ONE word . Then , copy this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just POST a word and NOT copy , that's not fun 
Am i the only one who didn't feel an earthquake ?! 
Ahweeeeeeee umbumaway lol idk not sleepy but tired , does even make sense to anyone ? lol explain it to me pls . 
Help i cant sleep ! my joints hurt too much and i aint got any medicine ! 
So i just woke up . no , i didnt drink but anyway when i woke up i got the mothership of my migrains & its BAAAAAAD . so im sorry if im grouchy . 
A little better just so exhausted & tired from the bordem of being alone . 
Going to TRY to get REAL sleep . my head feels like it has over a billion bass drums pounding & the light in the corner is taunting me , egging them drums to beat harder . GO AWAY YOU MASSIVE MOTHERSHIP MIGRAINE ! Pls Jehovah , ease this pain to help me sleep so i may be refreshed to do you will . 
Feeling like im in a deep dark grave & there is no way to escape . my escape is faaaaaar way in an uncharted kingdom yet to come ... oh how i < PROPFEMALE > for that day of escape of freshness . 
wow thats enough songs for me today lol . i love going down a good memory < PROPFIRST > . 
have a good day peeps . keep pushing forward and i will too . 
I think hurricane < PROPFEMALE > is trying to turn the east coast into part of the movie DAY AFTER TOMORROW . now THAT is a scary thought . 
My cousin's pug got loose and is lost in rochester on deer < PROPFIRST > ext . She squeezed out of her tags . her name is < PROPFEMALE > . pls call 724-728-0863 if found or seen . she is a very much loved dog and missed by her family . thank you 
Im 10 weeks and craving pumpkin rolls ! 
Mmmmmmmmm ! This pumpkin roll is delicious ! But my mother in law , < PROPFEMALE > Bolt , makes it the best ! 
Bored . cleaned all morning . tuesday got study then gotta pack . staying overnight at < PROPFEMALE > Altdorfer's house wednesday night then surgery thursday . 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
hehehehehehehehehehehahahahahahahahahhohohohohohohohohoololololololololololololo ... just ... cant ... stop ! 
Oh i < PROPFEMALE > ooo full ! hubby made bbq chicken on the grill , mased potatos and cream corn . < PROPFEMALE > good ! 
TEAM ILLUMINATE ! ALL THE WAY ! 
Hey my friends or family near me , im looking for sweatpants to HAVE that i can wear in rehab over a cast . i like large or xtra large(more room ) . or any shorts or pants that i can have to cut the left leggin off(usually size 7/8 ) . pls if you have anything i need it by wednesday before 5pm . thank you 
