Oh my god ... I'm sooooooo sorry guys .... I just changed my password . I'm not sure how I got hacked , but obviously please don't click on any of those links ! 

Thank you everyone ! My birthday has been awesome so far ! :) 
I think this will be a good year , many changes , with < PROPMALE > in the Air Force & everything , but still , I think it will be a good year . :) 
this whole having a full time job & full time school & having an apartment to keep up with is kinda tiring ... maybe next semester I'll be a half-time student . :P 
thinking I have to go outside & start my car warming up again ... it took me & Nate about an hour last night to dig it out ! That was a ridiculous amount of snow ! 
I'm not sure what takes up more of my time ... homework or avoiding homework . :) 
Just went to see the movie Eclipse , and while I understand not everyone has read the books , I am surprised by how many people at the movie who were downright shocked by the events in the movie . I mean it's not like it's a secret or anything . :p 
A bedroom of my own ! At last :p 
Going to see The Sorcerer's Apprentice with my little brother :) 
Going to see Salt with my family ! :) 
Just found out last night my brother < PROPMALE > finally got a job in the Air Force & will be leaving for Boot in December . I'm soooo proud of him , but will definitely miss him too . No matter how much taller than me he gets , he will always be my \little\ " brother ! " 
saw Inception last night & loved it ! Awesome movie , totally recommend it ! :D 
Why is it hardest to sleep when you know you need it the most ? :( 
At a dog show in York , < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . :) 
Thinking I should be sleeping ... but that's no fun . 
Going to see The Expendables tonight with my brother & friends , very excited ! 
AWESOME !!!! \ 
That's all that really needs said about The Expendables :D 
Waiting for class to start ... 
Thanks to everyone who said happy birthday , it was an excellent day , and I just have a feeling 25 will be a good age ! :D 
On my way to NC in about 2 hours ... Lure Coursing Nationals this weekend :) Hope everyone has had a good holiday so far ! 
Stuck in traffic , 95 N near DC ... grrr ... less than 100 < PROPMALE > to go :( 
Uhhh ... Still feeling sick , someone should come up with a magic pill to solve the common cold ... That would be epic 
Sooo cold outside ... guess winter is making itself at home 
Farewell for now little brother\ 
I will miss you\ 
But we each must find our own paths\ 
Good luck in Boot 
School is done for the semester , work is done for the week , humm ... what kind of mischief can I get into ? :) 
At Indie Film night tonight helping out :) 
Bored tonight ? Check out our live webshow on www.indiefilmnight.com ... The movie tonight is Homeland . And send in questions over FB , Twitter or email , we'll answer them on air ! :) 
Wow , only two days till Christmas ... life always seems to go so fast when you're a \grownup\ " ... Wishing I still had some of that ' time is passing so slowly ' feeling when I was a kid :) " 
< PROPFEMALE > Almost-Christmas everyone , be careful while last-minute shopping ! :p And just remember ... Holidays are suppose to be fun ! :D 
Christmas has been great this year ; I saw my family , got lots of nice stuff , and even got to talk to my brother this morning . He seems to be doing well in Basic Training , getting ready to go into week 2 . 
