is just getting up 

jennifers arm pit smells like a CLEAN babies but 
is feelin fine 
Is done with classes for the week , now just homework and regular work . What a relief ..... 
Is already sick of cold and Gray skies . I need to go where it's warm 
< PROPFEMALE > is on FB , singing on guitar Hero , and texting , now that is multi tasking ! 
Thinks , I post therefore I am 
Wonders why 8:10 pm seems so late when you are in class 
Has a dog with vertigo 
Is hoping to see the sun again soon 
is cookin with beer ! 
can not wait for the end of this semester !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is listening to < PROPFEMALE > Manson and baking cookies with the family 
thinks wars are started by people with small minds and big budgets 
is going down to < PROPFEMALE > looking for some souls to steal 
Is back in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor after a great trip to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is wondering if anxiety and ADHD are life thretning . GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! If only i could lose focus on the anxiety all would be well . 
Began month long celebration of a bearded home invader ! The way I see it this makes the most sense 
Just had one class canceled for Wed . ad the due dates for two papers extended until Friday . Christmas presents already what a great week ! 
Is still writing ! this is the hardest paper ever . I should never be alowed to pick my own topic ! 
Papers done and in . Two finals monday , one wedneaday and then I am officially brain dead until January . 
2 down one wednesday and then done . For now . 
thinks that the word FUCK is some times necessary to convey they point one is trying to make . Does any one agree ? this 4 letter word definatly gets the point across . If you disagree give me some options only serious inquires please . 
I-75 Closed at Kentucky Tennessee border . Just got gouged on a hotel room . The Holidays have begun . 
Made it to Blue Ridge . Time to relax ! 
happy x-mas 
has enjoyed the extra sleep ! 
fifteen years of waiting . Goober and the Peas rocked !!!!!!! They are great if anybody gets the < PROPMALE > to see them do it !!!!! even if tickets do cost $20 it is worth it for your children to take out student loans !!!!! Getting to be there wit J priceless !!! 
Is already sick of snow , cold and grey skies . \I wanna go where it's warm \"- J . Buffet " 
is wondering what the deal is withe the color posts ? Did I miss something ? 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Is very very tired !!! 
I wish anxiety and frustration ( A.K.A Cabin Fever ) could bottled and used to heat my house . SAD light kickin , fake fireplace on furnace blasting and still hate'n winter !!!!!! 
just found out that melted munster cheese may be the best waterproof adhesive I have ever seen !!!!!!!!!! 
STUPID GROUNDHOG !!!!! 
thinks the mindless killing that all war invokes is reason enough to not support pre-emptive strikes or troop increases . What will 40,000 more troops be able to accomplish besides the obvious increase in casualties and alienation from the people we claim to be trying to help . These insurgents we are claiming to fight are people whose country has been invaded . 
is done ranting ! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is an a$$hole !!! 
helped highschooler make spud gun today 1 hour . Watching a potato go 200 feet further than expected hillarious !!!!!!! 
is already wanting this week to be over !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is wondering the complexities of the hidden when the known is hard to accept . 
It's official last semester 2nd bachelor of science . New ink tomorrow ! Things are lookin up ! Lookin for a good grad school . 
WHOOO HOOOO !!!! It's Friday . This week went by just as fast as I wanted it to . 
Fried koi anyone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > wants jalapeno poppers !! So she says . 
is laughing lots 
thinks people comment on the most unusual statuses . Or maybe the most usual . Really have not figured it out yet . 
is currently bored with watching Face Book !! 
seems we are 2 old to sled ! 
Wants midterms over already !!! 
just finished my homework . 1 class 1presentation and then I am on break for a week . Any one lookin to celebrate let me know ! 
Is officially on break and started an aquarium ! 
When we brought our fish home one seemed to be hyperventilating . I did not know what to do it was already in a bag :) 
misses his cousin < PROPFIRST > soooo much ! 
Anybody looking to hire somebody in communications in the Tampa , FL area ? 
had first fish casuality :( R.I.P. Short Round . 
Just finished getting drunk and arguing , and it is still early life is good !!!!!!!!! 
woo hoo painting today !!! 
thinks every silver lining has one ? 
likes the sunshine and the not freezing temps ! 
Liked life better when I thought IPA was only a type of beer . 
thinks one of the fish is asthmatic fish . Same as the fish with anxiety disorder . 
Likes it when it is warm . 
< PROPFEMALE > made delicious dinner . It was really really good ! 
Who Knew ? no really . 
Is thinkin things are pretty good !!! 
Is wondering why in a free country the census envelope say \Your response is required by law . \ " Never felt so free ...! " 
is tempted to watch a movie called \Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter\ " sounds funny to me ... " 
Misses the sun and warmth 
One nation under the < PROPMALE > and for the < PROPMALE > so help me god ....... We are a pathetic country with two ineffectual parties that spew nonsense and take care of the wealthy and no one else .... Good night !!!! 
I spy something silver . 
just found out my son is pregnant ! My house was stolen , and my cat will not stop barking ! 
Son is not pregnant , just misplaced my house , and it was the dog doing all the barking . 
yep ... Friday ... 
somebody shoot this semester and put it out of my misery !!!! 
has an earring removing cat . 
UGH !!!!!! last week of semester is kickin my ass !!! thank god for my wifey the lord has blessed me in so many ways all I can do is thank the almighty for all of my blessings and know that the angels are watching over me . < PROPFIRST > 3:69 its in the book of mormon you wouldn't know it . and if you are mormon it is rastafarian and if you are rastifarian it is buddhist and if you are buddhist it is mormon ! 
Just found out he can be abrasive . 
Needs to finish school ! < PROPMALE > was wathcing a cartoon where the main character was bringing dead historic figures back to life so he did not have to read history books , and I was trying to figure out how you would site zombies in MLA for a research paper . 
Has a cold during finals week . this sux quite a bit . LOL ! 
Yep just as I suspected !!!!! 
Just finished my last < PROPFEMALE > of my last paper for my last semester for my last 2nd bach . Yeah , grad school I'm lookin at you !! you gonna do somethin about it ? 
Um ... Now what do I do ? 
Is full from celebratory dinner ar SEVA ! 
Kid is 10 unbelievable . He is the greatest ! Happy b-day G ! 
likes the sun ! 
is having fun ! 
thinks it is time to return to work . :-) or ;( or :-) or :p not sure yet . 
Happy Mothers day 
says good night 
is concerned about the solar ice caps :-) 
is tired . 
oh yeah ... 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Dog . She will be missed . 
It looks like a good day ! 
My code has been craked . Beefeaters ! 
Has been havin ' lots of fun :-) 
Is making dirty martinis ... extra dirty . 
J will be pissed if Tornadoes up on us . 
Is not fond of online applications 
had crazy dreams last night . Good to be awake 
Had a blast at Ton-up !!!! 
Has an interview tomorrow with washtenaw county . Wish me luck , I think my last job interview was at < PROPMALE > E . Cheese in southgate maybe 1992 . Will find out if they have changed any :-) 
Turns out interviews have changed . Behavioral based interviewing is new to me . not worse just different . 
Thinks this weather is the greatest !!!!! Hoping for tripple digits . 
Still loves the heat !!!!!! 
Is officially without a cell phone until monday night . I already have the shakes ! 
is back ! 
Is going to Grad school !!!! 
is 23 yet again . 
has now heard it all ! 
Is thinkin Brite Idea Tattoo is going to be AWSOME !!! 
Got the Job with the Washtenaw county weatherization program . 
misses the sun . 
Just saw a chipmunk swim across the Huron river . Really I am telling the truth . 
Starts work tomorrow . First county orientation then to the office ... 
Lived through his first day of work and is not even maimed . Offices can be dangerous places . 
Day 2 and already overtime . Watched and assisted on a pre-inspection , I like this JOB ! 
WOW ! A full week of county work ... Very ready for the weekend ! 
Is thinkin < PROPMALE > ... 
Likes this weather 
Thinks it is time to change his status . 
Yep it was . 
< PROPFEMALE > is literally cutting a rug :-) 
Sold the F-150 ! Now where did I put that title ... 
Likes the color Blue ! 
Accidentally erased some stuff . Guess I will start again tomorrow . 
Should I ride or drive to work tomorrow ? 
Where have my peeps gone ? 
Is going to attempt to change the oil in a medium sized motorbike ... Wish me luck . 
3 days of training out of the way , back to the office tomorrow ! 
has the cure for the fall time blues . 
Had a blast at Cedar Point ! 
Weird . I am actually excited to go to work . It is cool to have a job to feel good about doing . 
overtime rocks !!!!! 
When the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > , just stroke the furry wall ... 
Is one step closer to being certified ... 
The new office is rockin !!!! 180 degrees of windows on the 4th floor ( pent house ) of the Key bank building in ypsilanti ... For all your income eligible weatherization needs . 
Is going to watch Get Him To The Greek for the fourth time :-) !!!! 
I think this smurf had a < PROPMALE > ... 
Is taking next semester off !!! Got some professional development opportunities I gonna explore ! 
Hairy Potter 8^) 
Can not figure out how to write a new status . 
I wanna go where it's warm !!! 
Started my bike for the last time till spring .... Very Very Sad 8^( . 
< PROPFEMALE > Holidays everyone ! 
Happy holidays ... I was flipped off by a Christian with a Jesus fish ! My holiday mission was successfull ! I hope all are enjoying the irony of the season as much as I am ! 
Happy New Year and to all a good night ! 
Does not care about anything football related ... Is more interested in Real news . 
Is glad it is Friday !!!!!!!!! 
Congrats G , on the spelling < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Will be suprised if this storm is packing 10\ " , 2011-02-02 02:14:22 " 
Copy and paste this if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts ? ? ? ? 
Feb . 2 2011\ 
Entry 1 : I ventured out side today . There was snow . I saw none of my neighbors . I must assume they did not make it through the storm . The eeriness of the post storm carnage was to much , I had to return indoors . \ 
! 
Is done with winter and ready for spring ! 
don't know what to say . It was a good Day 
Just saw an ad for an ADHD focus group ... Seems like that will be a small group . 
A unionized public employee , a member of the Tea party , and a CEO are sitting at a table . In the middle of the table is a plate with a dozen cookies on it . The CEO reaches out and grabs 11 cookies , looks at the Tea partier and says , \Watch out for that guy 
may have contracted a facebook virus . Not sure though . 
I was reading a review of a hotel and found this :\ 
\ 
\Must see\ 
is laid back ! 
Got my motorcycle out of storage today ! First ride of the year was cold and very fun . 
