20 20 24 hours agoooo , i wanna be sedated ! 

You and I in a little toy shop , Buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got . Set them free at the break of dawn'Til one by one , they were gone . Back at base , bugs in the softwareFlash the message , Something's out there . Floating in the summer sky . 
Im bad for my health . 
Needs to recall the more significant things in life that made me want to become a rock god in the first place ! 
Im so glad < PROPFIRST > finally shot that bitch ! 
wants to watch Little Shop of Horrors ! 
Jacks the shit ! 
The Final Episode of lost is on my bday . Awesome ! 
Says anyone who likes Lost should have their favorite character as their profile pic on sunday ! 
Lost =( 
I got the most generic fortune in a cookie for my bday . \Time heals all wounds . \"" 
When your young and your heart is an open book , Say live and let live . But if this everchanging world in which we live in makes you give in and cry . SAY LIVE AND LET DIE ! 
Hands up for frisbe golf !!! 
Lost Finale recap check it out ! 
Soldier boy , made of < PROPMALE > , now an empty shell ! 21 , only son , but he served us well ! Bred to kill , not to care , do just as we say ! Finished here , greetings death , he's yours to take away ! 
Whats with these homies dissing my girl ? Why do they gotta front ? 
Watching Rust in Peace Live ! 
Got the tickets to \The Big Four in theaters\ " so I don't give a f**k ! " 
< PROPFIRST > SMASH ! 
I'm sorry , but does anyone know how a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk ? 
What do you get when you mix an owl with a bungie cord ?........... My ASS ! myeheheha 
What do you mean I don't believe in God ? I talk to him every day ! 
Just finished the storyline to Red Dead Redemtion , EPIC and simple ending ! 
I love watching the horrible quality videos of Metallica songs when < PROPMALE > was still with them ! 
I really like the band NSYNC ! \ 
My favorite member is Harpo !... I think there's a Harpo ? If not there should be ! \ 
I'll write their next hit maybe . A boomboom chikichiki boomboom , boom chiki chika chaka choochoo . 
The Universe and I have a long standing rivalry . ( I think it's a few points ahead ! ) 
Heh , I have a question for you too . Why are you still here ? 
Raped at bowling ! Yep broke 400 ... on 4 frames . But , Iwon ! 
Just got back from \The Big Four\ " ! It fucking \ 
I seem to be losing touch with reality ! I don't know if that's a good or bad thing ? 
What is it that compels people to make others feel shitty about themselves ? Whatever happened to empathy and companionship ? The moral fiber of society is washing away and no one seems to care enough to pull it out of the rain . 
Them white boys had me on < PROPFEMALE > meth ! 
misses High school ! 
Wouldnt it be nice if we were older ? Then we wouldnt have to wait so long . And wouldnt it be nice to live together , in the kind of world where we belong ? 
My dreams are awesome ! Its like every night is a new fantasy world filled with adventure . 
Sweater weather ! 
Check yourself for you wreck yourself ! 
< PROPMALE > tonight ! :) I hope he kills someone . 
My < PROPMALE > prediction ... Someone will die . 
The goose is loose ! 
