freedom !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

I'm not Jesus , I will not forgive ! lol 
blah blah blah 
that nap was awesome 
i'm not crazy ! really the voices only say nice things 
Hate is that blanket that keeps me warm on those cold nights 
did Jesus come and no one know ? 
Rockfest what more do i need to say 
from my cold dead hands !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
life is strange , i must say i like it tho 
feeling so good that it hurts my skin 
why do I try ? why do I fucking try ? 
So lie like a waste by the side As everything just falls apart ' Cause everything just fell apart for me I cracked my head and broke my I cracked my head and broke my I cracked my head and broke my heart And I don't feel the need to go on I was happier singing along the way I had things , I need to say But now it's like a swallowed tape That holds up my face from inside As everything just falls apart 
wow i too worked security for the town hall meeting , they invited < PROPMALE > obey , but he must have gotten lost since he didnt show up , but im sure he will find his way to the ground breaking ceremony at UW marathon tomorrow lol 
It's Friday and I'm home wtf ? 
Bury all your secrets in my skin Come away with innocence and leave me with my sins The air around me still feels like a cage And love is just a camouflage for what resembles rage again So if you love me let me go And run away before I know My heart is just too dark to care I can't destroy what isn't there Deliver me into my fate If I ? m alone I cannot hate I don ? t deserve to have you Ooh , my smile was taken long ago 
I have such sights to show you . 
Shallow skin , I can paint with pain I < PROPFIRST > the trails on my arms with your disdain Everyday it's the same - I LOVE , YOU HATE But I guess I don't care any more ... Fix my problems with the blade While my eyes turn from blue to gray God , the worst thing happened to me today But I guess I don't care anymore ... 
sometimes u have to kill part of urself to get what u want 
With this one I needed to feel you so much , I wantingly longed for your touch , but Now I'm ignored and I'm feeling bored ' till something is happening . Cause once I thought you were right here with me , so Maybe I'll take two or three Until I believe what I have seen is really happening . 
The more I feel The more I die Nothing to give Nothing inside Everything I touch I break Everything I touch I break Everything I touch I break I scratch and tear Until it bleeds I do not want I only need I only need I only need 
just finished the 1 lb burger at victory < PROPFIRST > i think i might die now lol 
As wicked as you are , you're beautiful to me You're the darkest burning < PROPFEMALE > , you're my perfect disease 
And I won't listen to your shame You ran away , you're all the same Angels lie to keep control Ooh , my love was punished long ago If you still care don't ever let me know If you still care don't ever let me know 
I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything 
y is it that anytime i put lyrics on here because i think they say what im thinking ppl anyways have to say who or what they r ? if i wanted that i would say name it or something . if u want to comment on it ask me y i put it y i feel that way . mayb ask y my life is shit at the time . 
wow i got a job im scared lol its been a almost a year 
A darkness grows inside me in fading shades of gray All the colors of the world are slowly sucked away I'm sinking ever deeper to a place that's cold and black I can't believe I've lost you and you're never coming back These lies have torn my world apart 
They say I should be happy Why , just cos I am alive Is that all there is What if just being is not enough . What if I want more I have tried God knows I have tried But I cannot have anything I am stuck in this vortex A vortex of dark self-hatred and loathing A vortex that expands with each passing night Nights where I feel abandoned and dead inside 
Abandoned by a world that is cruel and unforgiving All I want is that someone that makes me feel alive Alive and able to face the dark vortex They say I should be happy I ask how 
so my phone is broken yippy 
yea prolly wont have a phone til monday or tuesday yippy skippy so if anyone needs me uh put it on here i'll check it alot 
yippy new phone shitty no < PROPFIRST > 
Pain , without love Pain , I can't get enough Pain , I like it rough ' Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all You're sick of feeling numb You're not the only one I'll take you by the hand And I'll show you a world that you can understand This life is filled with hurt When happiness doesn't work Trust me and take my hand When the lights go out you will understand 
I can't escape this hell So many times i've tried But i'm still caged inside Somebody get me through this nightmare I can't control myself So what if you can see the darkest side of me ? No one will ever change this animal I have become Help me believe it's not the real me Somebody help me tame this animal 
so i cut my hair uh the things we do for jobs 
first day of work done and out of the way . 
so gas prices r going up again . last time everyone blamed bush , who r they going to blame this time ? 
All the world loves things of beauty and intrigue These 2 things I've never had one Born in this old skin . I'm too sick I can't win I've lived with this damage 2 long My eyes can't behold it I cannot control This this feeling that's left in my heart I've never done no wrong . I don't deserve these bones Please burn up this sin when I'm gone And I said that this is ugly to me The world is ugly to me 
I push my fingers into my eyes It's the only thing that slowly stops the ache But it's made of all the things I have to take Jesus , it never ends , it works it's way inside If the pain goes on , I'm not gonna make it ! 
Some say the end is near . Some say we'll see armageddon soon . I certainly hope we will . I sure could use a vacation from this bull-shit three ring circus sideshow of Freaks here in this , hopeless fucking , hole we call LA . The only way to fix it is to flush it all away . Any fucking time . Any fucking day . Learn to swim , I'll see you down in Arizona bay . 
Blood like rain come down Pound on grave and ground Part vampire Part warrior Carnivore and voyeur Stare at the transmittal Sing to the death rattle Credulous at best your < PROPFEMALE > to believe in Angels in the hearts of men Pull your head out your hippie haze And give a listen Shouldn't have to say it all again The universe is hostile So impersonal Devour to survive , so it is So it's always been We all feed on tragedy 
“Whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends life , < PROPFEMALE > , and the pursuit of happiness it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute new government ... ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > quote 
The darkness encircles It pulls me It wants me The thing that scares me Is that part of me wants Wants the darkness to take Take all that I am To consume my soul At times , I fight it I try to stay me But the darkness It calls to me It sings to me And I like the song 
do you feel the way you hate :: do you hate the way you feel :: always closest to the flame :: ever closer to the blade 
So if you love me , let me go . And run away before I know . My heart is just too dark to care . I can't destroy what isn't there . Deliver me into my Fate - If I'm alone I cannot hate I don't deserve to have you ... My smile was taken long ago / If I can change I hope I never know 
[ The bullet :] \I've got a crush on a pretty pistol should I tell her that I feel this way ? Father told us to be faithful I've got a crush on a pretty pistol should I tell her that I feel this way I've got love songs in my head that are killing us away\ " [ The Father :] \ " do you love your guns ? \ " ( yeah ) \ " god ? \ " ( yeah ) \ " your government ? \"" 
Overcome by your Moving < PROPFEMALE > Overcome by this Holiest of altars So pure So rare To witness such an earthly goddess That I've lost my self control Beyond compelled to throw this dollar down before your Holiest of altars I'd sell My soul My self-esteem a dollar at a time One < PROPMALE > One kiss One taste of you my < PROPFEMALE > 
I said don't go away Turned off the lights and then you Said please don't follow me And you cared You kept your feelings hidden Like a psycho Burned it all down Take me with you Won't you let me go So sick of man 
Pain , without love Pain , I can't get enough Pain , I like it rough ' Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all Anger and agony Are better than misery Trust me I've got a plan When the lights go off you will understand Pain , without love Pain , I can't get enough Pain , I like it rough ' Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all 
your loaded smiles :: pretty just desserts :: wish it all for you :: so much it never hurts :: you have soul machine :: stone at me :: all your mental armor drags me down :: we can't breathe when you come around :: all your mental armor drags me down :: nothing hurts like your mouth 
drink life as it comes :: straight no chaser :: drink life as it comes :: straight no chaser 
As for my single self I had as lief not be as live to be in awe of such a thing as I myself . As for my own concern I had as think to think as keep on thinking not so hard as for the brain to burn . And at the salad bar a man he stares into the croutons hypnotized by powers of the Bac-O-Bits . And I expose myself to stimuli unfit for people outside the controls of an experiment . 
Sunken-eyed girl in the sandwich shop Ladle my soup from the kettle pot , so Swoony my self with the smolder looks Parsing that gaze for the right intention Sunken-eyed girl don't let me go You're the whole world and you barely know so You are the drinks I drink and keep drinking and Fall down stumble All of the things I think and keep thinking and Lay down tremble 
and then < PROPFEMALE > staked < PROPFIRST > the end ! 
Though these wounds have seen no wars Except for the scars I have ignored And this endless crutch , well it's never enough It's been the Worst Day Since Yesterday Hell says hello , well it's time to I should go To pastures green , that I've yet to see Hurry back to me , my wild < PROPFEMALE > It's been the Worst Day Since Yesterday 
I think i have come to the sad realization that the only reason i post on here is so more than 2 people know i'm still alive . 
Oh how I wish For soothing rain All I wish is to dream again My loving heart Lost in the dark For hope I'd give my everything Oh how I wish For soothing rain Oh how I wish to dream again Once and for all And all for once Nemo my name forevermore 
Well I remember , I remember don't worry How could I ever forget , it's the first time , the last time we ever met But I know the reason why you keep your silence up , no you don't fool me The hurt doesn't show ; but the pain still grows It's no stranger to you or me And I can feel it coming in the air tonight , Oh Lord I've been waiting for this moment for all my life , Oh Lord 
Battle not with monsters lest ye become a monster ; and if you gaze into the abyss the abyss gazes into you 
\A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses . It is an idea that possesses the mind . \"" 
a life lived in lies is a life of denial 
How much is real ? So much to question An epidemic of the mannequins Contaminating everything When thought came from the heart It never did right from the start Just listen to the noises ( Null and void instead of voices ) Before you tell yourself It's just a different scene Remember it's just different from what you've seen 
the downward spiral begins anew , goodbye and may we meet again 
there are two kinds of people that think about killing people pychopaths and mystery writers 
Man , I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived . I see all this potential , and I see squandering . God damn it , an entire generation pumping gas , waiting tables ; slaves with white collars . Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes , working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need . We're the middle children of history , man . No purpose or place . 
On a long enough timeline , the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . 
flipping a car not the way i wanted to end the year . o well they ain't found a way to kill me yet 
My life has been a nightmare My soul is fractured to the bone And if I must be lonely , I think I'd rather be alone 
I can always say . ' It's gonna be better tomorrow ' . Falling away from me . 
when you play with fire you get burned , but sometimes you like it 
am i just that damaged 
hope springs eternal , and eternally dashes upon the rocks 
sleep walking through my life 
Don't leave me alone I'm feeling so numb I need you to be here , I need you to call and everything's wrong a beautiful shame everything's ugly , hazy , and gray doesn't it hurt ? 
A Ten Ton Brick is making me sick Breakin’ my bones with the weight of it Weight would grow with each new soul Very fine lines with big black holes Who am I supposed to be ? Not like you give a fuck about me but Who am I supposedly ? When I'm finally done 
why do i bother ? 
broke a tooth today . even the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is falling apart 
I'm smiling but it is a lie 
And I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you , I find it hard to take When people run in circles its a very , very Mad world , mad world 
That was awesome . did it really happen i hope so . when i wake up we shall see 
so maybe it was a dream guess i'll give it a bit to figure out . 
started writing again , maybe the block is over 
take a step back and enjoy the little things 
wow , yea 
an expensive dinner for looking like a mafia hitman for a few hours that was fun sigh . 
anything going on tonight ? 
anyone want to see the crazies today . call/text let me know 
i can't believe how much i missed rocking a < PROPFIRST > thanks guys ! 
Sunken-eyed girl on Delancey Street Bulletproof glass in the KFC so Keep the man safe in his paper hat Keep the wrong hands off the biscuit fortune 
those were the best steaks i've ever made , if only i had another 
I'll take one ' cause I needed to feel it so much I needed that thing we call fun , but Now I'm ignored and I'll take some more , till Something is happening Cause once I thought you were right here with me , so Maybe I'll take two or three Until I believe what I have seen is really happening . 
they should of finished the job when they had the < PROPMALE > 
slipknot what else do you need at the gym 
what the hell ... really did all that just happen ... not to sure ... 
happy birthday Pops , R.I.P. 
why do i have to work tomorrow ? 
you look but you can't see 
paintball season is almost here , i really should be in the gym 
great i've pushed to far , now i'm feeling sick . 
I have strangely become immune To the thought of seeing you 
tired and numb guess that means the gym calls 
damn you UPS your tracker lies , i hate lies . he better hope im not the one to answer the door . 
thank you gym you cruel sweet mistress you 
please fedex get my packages here before sunday 
good day today , now off to the paintball 
2nds place considering my team mates havent played in a year and i havent in over 2 , is great 
well the weekend was great guess i should of expected the week to suck 
to the gym cos thats what i do 
skipping the gym for once woke up and my knee was on fire hasnt let up since 
I had visions , I was in them , I was looking into the mirror To see a little bit clearer The rottenness and evil in me Fingertips have memories , But can't forget the curves of your body So when I feel a bit naughty I run it up the flagpole and see who salutes ( But no one ever does ) I'm not sick , but I'm not well and I'm so hot ' cause I'm in hell 
ice pick lobotomy the sweet thought sends shivers down my spine 
zombie jesus day 
guess i need something new 
An army of tattooed angels Have brought me back today 
“Please you don’t have to do this , ” she begs , tears streaming down her face like black waterfalls . “Shut up mother ! ” “I’m not your m ” The killer lunges forward and drives the knife home in the woman’s stomach repeatedly . After the seventh or eighth merciless stab , the woman stops screaming and all that is left is the wet , tearing sound of the knife in flesh . 
paintball awesome started slow but found my groove 
any one out there know of someone looking for a powered sub , its a jbl jrx 118sp would love to sell it 
FOR SALE !!! 2 JBL JRX125 Dual 15\ 2-Way Portable Passive P.A. Loudspeaker ; 1 jbl jrx 118sp powered sub ; and 2 10\ " car subs and amp . " 
asking himself what the point is 
I'm a loner , I'm a loser , I'm a winner , In my mind . I'm a bad one , I'm a good one , I'm a sick one , With a smile . I can't take this , Born to break this . She's going away , What's wrong with my life today ? She's going away , What's wrong with my life today ? Stupid girl , Stupid girl 
well the STI is for sale 
great awesome fucked up my ankle 
well the STi has a for sale sign on it just need to get the last of my stuff out and hope for a nice day to wash it 
with a rebel yell 
welcome to wisconsin everyone 
best thing about Zombieland , no more facebook status updates 
when the gym doesnt cheer me its a bad day , now im just grasping for reasons 
If only ... 
took the sti for a drive to show off for someone thinking of buying god that was awesome 
Feel , damn you , feel like you're < PROPMALE > ive again\ 
\ 
I needed you more than you would ever notice et < PROPMALE > \ 
I couldn't be sure that you would ever know\ 
This but I gave it my < PROPMALE > l did I make a difference et < PROPMALE > ? 
you know summer is here when you take a shower and have a beach in the tub 
In the end ? 
gym you cruel bitch i have missed you and love you 
another nibble on the STi hope one of these days its a real bite , still sad but a good thing 
how many mistakes can i repeat in my life ? 
wow wish i was fucking cool 
Change is coming through my shadow . My shadow's shedding skin I've been picking my scabs again . I've been crawling on my belly clearing out what could've been I've been wallowing in my own chaotic and insecure delusions . I wanna feel the change consume me , feel the outside turning in . I wanna feel the metamorphosis and cleansing I've endured within my shadow . 
guy just looked at the STi and went to the bank to see if he can get the money 
1st place and all we thought we would get is third 
A groan of tedium escapes me , startling the fearful . \ 
Is this a test ? \ 
It has to be . Otherwise I can't go on . \ 
Draining < PROPFEMALE > . drain vitality . \ 
this paranoid , paralyzed vampire act's a little old . \ 
\ 
But I'm still right here , giving blood and keeping faith . And I'm still\ 
right here . 
so lets say jesus was real and we were able to find his body , now if we cloned that would that be the second coming or the first part 2 ? 
Just \ 
remember I will always love you , even as I tear your fucking \ 
throat away . 
lets hope the next day is good for writing 
You're the only one who can hold your head up high . \ 
Shake your fist at the gates saying , \ 
\I have come home now ...! \ " \ 
rockfest was awesome , great bands and great times . careful of the P80 strangler !!! and limp bizkit puts on one hell of a show . can't wait for next year . 
“Dead as dead can be , ” my doctor tells me\ 
But I just can’t believe him , never the optimistic one\ 
I’m sure of your ability to become my perfect enemy\ 
Wake up and face me , don’t play dead cause maybe\ 
Someday I will walk away and say , “You disappoint me , ”\ 
Maybe you’re better off this way 
I'll see you in another life ... when we are both cats . 
ever watch a movie and it upsets everything ? 
in need of a break 
feeling strange but familiar 
sometimes just sometimes 
gave myself just enough rope 
wants to do something tonight but lacks funds 
yup 
working for the weekend 
One , two , < PROPMALE>'s coming for you . / Three , four , better lock your door . \ 
/ Five , six , grab your crucifix . / Seven , eight , better stay awake . / \ 
Nine , ten , never sleep again . 
had a great weekend 
And I know you hear their voices\ 
Calling from above\ 
And I know they may seem real\ 
These signals of love\ 
But our life's made up of choices\ 
Some without appeal\ 
They took for granted your soul\ 
And it's ours now to steal 
so my supervisor calls me up and says i sound depressed , wtf really ? 
did i do something bad that i don't know about cos this is starting to piss me off 
another day another 65 cents 
wrote some today thank you Cold 
awesome day but did that really just happen 
to go to my volleyball game or not to go . i really dont want to should skip and just play for fun after 
But I'm still right here , giving blood and keeping faith . And I'm still right here . \ 
But I'm still right here , giving blood and keeping faith . 
I was beginning to think I had lost my mind\ 
Fell upon it hard and fell upon my hardest times\ 
But the way she lit the room at night\ 
Cast the shadows to their gloom and I\ 
Still dream of your perfume\ 
I would do anything to be with you 
is there a solar flare or some shit cos my cell is going crazy 
elbow stopped bleeding and the top of my foot is going to bruise nicely , I love volleyball !!! 
working on a difficult puzzle 
thank you Hurt , Cold and Tool for being my soundtrack today 
guy offered 17.5 for the sti idk i want to get rid of her but for that idk 
holy shit just had another guy stop and look at it i told him 18 and he can walk with it , told me to give him til friday . either way i think friday she is no longer mine :( 
well either 18k tomorrow or 17.5 tuesday unless someone else out there wants it quick 
17.5 tuesday it is if it gets me back on my feet i'll take it 
life 
Nights in white satin , \ 
Never reaching the end , \ 
Letters I've written , \ 
Never meaning to send . \ 
Beauty I'd always missed\ 
With these eyes before , \ 
Just what the truth is\ 
I can't say anymore . \ 
Gazing at people , some hand in hand , \ 
Just what I'm going through they can't understand . \ 
Some try to tell me , thoughts they cannot defend , \ 
Just what you want to be , you will be in the end . 
sell my soul my self esteem a dollar at a time 
evol 
I bet you'd never come down\ 
From your tower for me\ 
I'll let you take it real slow\ 
She didn't come from the same world\ 
See the same things , I can't deny 
i feel like Schrödinger's cat 
for awhile now i have faked every smile but yesterday for 4mins and 4 secs i genuinely smiled 
the mask is slipping 
In the end we're all just chalk lines on the concrete\ 
Drawn only to be washed away\ 
For the time that I've been given\ 
I am what I am 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > I'll miss you but the world seems new and open now 
forgot how much work moving is ugh 
ah piss 
I'm quite all right , < PROPFEMALE > , I ran it under a cold tap . 
sushi night 
thanks guys now who is buying me dinner and who is buying the drinks 
going for sushi soon if anyone wants to come with 
mmmm buffet 
gym then sushi ! 
ugh i should go to the gym 
think 
sod off 
got my ass to the gym today guess that counts for something . anything going on tonight ? 
misery is my only friend\ 
she is a cold fucking slut , \ 
but she is not the end\ 
MISERY ! \ 
Misery fucking loves us\ 
AND WE LOVE HER TOO 
thanks gym you cruel bitch i love you 
Saturn ascends , choose one or ten . < PROPFEMALE > on or be humbled again . 
Over thinking , over analyzing separates the body from the mind . \ 
Withering my intuition , missing opportunities and I must\ 
Feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines . 
short day at the gym didn't want to go but forced myself then my mp3 player died 
is it so much to ask , all i wanted was a Chopin cd 
thanks A7X for providing the soundtrack to my gym experience today 
sushi tonight if anyone wants to go let me know 
stone sour's newest is great for the gym , still wish i had some chopin tho 
music of choice tool , drug of choice the gym 
a perfect circle's mer de noms to start the gym then cradle of filth's Nymphetamine\ 
when i started to crash 
just dont have the energy today 
not even Slipknot could keep me going today 
going to sushi soon call or text if you want to join 
must get to gym 
thanks to Tool and < PROPMALE > Zombie for getting me through my torture session , now to clean up and head to point 
sushi time call or text i'm on my way there 
do you feel the way you hate\ 
do you hate the way you feel\ 
always closest to the flame\ 
ever closer to the blade 
going to sushi if any one wants to come blah blah blah 
sex , good ; great sex , awesome ; having sex with your girlfriend while her ex sits in the other room listening , priceless 
fuck all of you that want to take away my things because some crazy asshole shoots up a place in Arizona 
and why would I care about that ? 
well at least i did my taxes today , and soon sushi 
Do women really think it looks good when they skunk their hair half blond and black ? It just looks ridiculous ! 
i heart murderboner 
shut the fuck up i dont care 
pay down debt or have a lil fun 
Workin up under my < PROPFEMALE > like a little tick . \ 
Fat little parasite . Suck me dry . \ 
My blood is bruised and borrowed . You thieving bastards . \ 
You have turned my blood cold and bitter , \ 
beat my compassion black and blue .... \ 
Blood suckin parasitic little blood suckin parasitic little\ 
blood suckin parasitic little tick 
teachers can kiss my ass ! just cos you don't like it you are going to let the education of our youth slip . i don't have a union watching my ass and i am just fine o and i don't get summers off either . get your asses back to work !!! 
ANY teacher that did not go to work today should be fired unless truly sick with a doctors note . if i had not gone to work today i would of been fired . 
Morning sex what more do you need lmfao 
Round two guy could get used to this 
This millennium show is pretty cool 
Wow pops would be 73 today 
I'd kill you but then who would I talk to 
is it bad that I'm really thinking i would like to get suspended 
Love when the personal trainer at the gym stares at your work and then comes up and tells you your are crazy lol 
Well another weekend of great sex for those of you that wanted to know lmao 
Well ... 
Now before everyone gets pissed let me explain . In libya gadhafi killing his people is wrong I will clearly state that . Now for the part that may piss some of y 
And on a different note what is with this snow ? 
Am I too sick for sushi ? 
Feeling better sushi may just be a go 
Well we had two weeks of spring and winters back better luck next year 
Paranoia is just a kind of awareness , and awareness is just a form of love . 
Some people really don't understand who they are fucking with 
It counts as morning sex as long as u start before noon right ? 
My finger is on the kill switch 
Well sucker punch was cool , a lil light on the action , don't get me wrong the action was great just not enough of it 
What happened to kids being independent and just sitting down and playing with toys 
A job isn't who you are it is just a damn job 
Why do some people make you hate them ? 
Omg and lol have been added to the oxford english dictionary why why why 
Is it sushi time yet ? 
Mmm sushi , maybe I'll get a fried oyster again 
I think that was the most disgusting thing I've ever eating 
Forgot how much the gym sucks without my mp3 player 
They say guys get in more accidents and yes I've had my share but in the last two weeks I've scene the aftermath of 4 where it was teenage girls driving 
Feels like a resident evil movie marathon day 
What to eat today for lunch , I know dinner is bacon burgers but idk what lunch is maybe subway eat flesh 
< PROPFIRST > was awesome great movie 
Just watched a show on discovery called sons of guns totally awesome , they made a suppressed shutgun straight out of no country for old men 
Only raining in < PROPMALE>'s point get back to wausau and 3 cars in the ditch within 100 yards of each other 
I start reading The < PROPMALE > of Plagues by < PROPMALE > Maberry today 
Guess I can vote then get sushi 
Well I voted now enjoying sushi 
