Getting Ready for the Parade right out my window !!!!! Going out to take some pics 

Listening to Some old school Eminem ... Shake that ... 
Getting ready for my cousins wedding rehearsal ..... GAME OVER ! 
Why did the group of pollocks stare at the carton of orange juice ? It said \concentrate . \"" 
... we've gone from Eisenhower to < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . We've gone from < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy to Barrack Obama . If this is evolution , I believe that in 12 years , we'll be voting for plants . 
... We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights , that among these are life , < PROPFEMALE > and the pursuit of happiness ... And for the support of this Declaration , 
We shall not , we shall not be moved , We shall not , we shall not be moved , Just like the team , that's gonna win the f*ckin lot ( again ) We shall not be moved . 
Diet Day 2 - going well .... except i am freakin hungery ! 
Thought I would be alot more sore after playing 2 hours of non stop Soccer last night ... but I had a blast !!!!! 
Getting ready for a fun weekend ( w/o < PROPMALE > ) of swim coaching !!!!! 
has lost 22 pounds ! Going for a total of at least 60 ! 
is getting pumped up for the Community Shield match !!!! 
Holy Crap < PROPFIRST > Hughes is dead ! 
Desperation is like stealing from My Mafia : you stand a good < PROPMALE > of attracting the wrong attention . 
to my mafia family .... If we can't do it ... It Can't be done ... special thanks to < PROPMALE > DeLisio !!!! 
LETS GO PENS !!!!!!!! 
I love HOCKEY FIGHTS !!!! 
GGGOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HOW ' BOUT THEM PANTHERS !!!! 
Just got back from dinner at Harp and Fiddle in the Strip .... mmmmm ... noble pils !!!! 
Not happy with IBM right now ... not happy at all ! 
Starting to get excited about Age Group Champs !!! 
Tic Toc ... Tic Toc ... only 7 more weeks until the next of My spawn is unleashed upon the world ! 
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he lucky ? 
Let the MADNESS BEGIN !!!!!!!! 
We are at the Hospital ... today's the day . :) 
Finally a baby with Dark Hair like me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Man United ... Let's go Wiggan beat those < PROPFEMALE > scum ! 
GOAL !!!!!!!! 
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL !!!!!!!! 2-0 UNITED 
Roooooney !!!!! 3-0 UNITED !!!!!!! 
Getting ready for the Lost finally ... I am going to miss this show ! I proud to admit I am a lostie 
Droid ... I am loving it 
\You can't live a perfect day with doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you . \"" 
WORLD CUP BABY ... OOOOOHHH YEAHHHHH 
USA ... USA ... USA .... 
England cheats 
Can't wait to get back to Pittsburgh 
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL 
We won ... how you like us now ! Tops of group c 
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL 
Overtime .... USA ... USA ... USA !!!!!! 
Oh no ! 
Great game .... good run ... but don't like the end :( ... Ghana did there job and deserved it 
Really bummed USA is out of world cup .. 
Tigers love pepper . They hate cinnamon 
Shaved his head 
tired of all the bad press over Jabal Sheard of PITT and no eye witness interviews by media ... Thats cause the Police officer is lying ... the eye witnesses that have been interviewed ( were talking multiple people ) say Sheard was trying to break up a fight and the police showed up late ... and assumed it was Sheard and immediately batoned him ... giving him less than a second to respond to their commands ... 
is excited for all our swimmers who made finals tonight ! Let's go kick some butts ! 
On my way to rockville for zones ... 
Bad spellers of the world ... UNTIE ! 
My babies are almost home ... can't wait to see them 
Just landed in hot lanta for lay over on my way to < PROPFIRST > 
Just arrived in BIG D 
is missing his Wife and girls ... alot ! :( 
Love begins in a moment , grows over time , and lasts for eternity . - Happy Anniversary < PROPMALE > 
Let's go PITT ... kick those arrogant fighting < PROPFEMALE>'s butts ! 
Its about time Pitt puts it together here's to an defeated big east schedule ... Pens won ... now here we go Steelers ! 
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine ; he gets better with age . Last night , she locked me in the cellar . 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
BRING ON THE ' EERS 
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh . 
Solo < PROPFEMALE > altro giorno in paradiso . 
Why can't we all just get along ? It's the holidays ... can't we just pretend for 3 weeks ? 
LET'S GO PITT !!!! 
Sleep glorious sleep .... 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes ... 
Mwwhahahaha ..... J .. E .. T .. S .. STINK ... STINK ... STINK 
First Day off in awhile ... really needed the rest :) 
What does a Tornado and a Packers Fan going through a divorce have in common ? ... Someone's losing a trailer ! 
Trying out Android app StartTalking - hands free text messaging , facebook and more . Check it out - It's free at http://www.starttalking.com . 
$100 to anyone who < PROPFIRST > shut < PROPFIRST > \I hate the Steelers\ " Aikman's stupid mouth !!! " 
All right trying to give refs benefit of the doubt ... Goodell has to have a hand in this ... time to take out the refs !!!! 
... Game over no one has ever come back from 11 down ... 
<--- no faith 
No reason for that sack 
Aikman is such a jerk ... really he needs to be shut up 
Its all over ... really Steelers ... you gave them the game 3 turn overs ... 21 points without them they have 7 way dumb%&5$#' 
Great games end with my team winning ... however 21 points off turnovers does constitute a great game ... it constitutes a great big mistake filled game . 
Be ashamed Steelers ... you lost that one ... they didn't beat you in any category but score ... the only one that counts ... 
< PROPFIRST > Wellington just told me he is proud of his secrets .... what the ??? 
Man United ... Great win ... Now time for turning attention to PITT ... Bring on ' NOVA .... 9 p.m. #4 Pitt @ #10 Villanova , Clash of the Titans ... Never forget March ' 09 Make them pay ... HAIL TO PITT !!!!!!!! 
Just an Idea here when you are new to a job its probably not a good idea to come in everyday and whine about every ailment you have !!!! The Hundreds and Hundreds of ailments ! 
Excited about this weekend with my wife ... 
Does Florida Sound good to anyone else ? 
Just watched Spartacus Gods of the Arena Finale ... I LOVED IT ! Should have made the show originally about Galacus ! What a great ending ... Can't wait for new season in 2012 ! 
PRA Boys in 1st , PRA Girls in Third , Never thought I'd see the day when the boys out scored the girls , or even broke the top 5 ... Nice work Boys !!! Time to Pick up the slck girl 3 points out of second , 23 out of First ... Time to take down the JCC 
So Proud of Taylor ... AMS Zones All-Star 
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy , you might ask yourself , I wonder which one likes dolphins more ? You'd probably think it would be Flippy , right ? But you'd be wrong its Hambone . 
Just give up Pitt you obviously don't wanna be there 
THATS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT ... LETS GO PITT !!!!!!! 
Idea , play defense 
Who will break Pitts heart this year ... 
Perhaps mcghee will down again 
Nope ... there is the reason why small league ref's . Shouldn't be aloud to call a game ... how many times do we have to deal with bs 
Proud member of exaggerators anonymous ... a trillion strong and growing . 
1 week to go til zones 
Its anchorman not anchorlady and that's a scientific fact 
