is at work . 

now has a laptop ! 
leaves for a scuba trip with her family tomorrow morning ! 
just got back from Florida . The trip was awesome , but the car ride back ... not so much . 
gets to go to < PROPFEMALE > Garden for lunch today . :) 
is back at Mobile ! 
the fire alarm went off this morning . It was sooo fun having to get up and rush outside in my pjs . 
is hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
thinks she will enjoy her geography class ... even if it's a night ... and even though I'm the youngest in the class . 
is happy because we've moved to the fun part of chemistry : balancing equations ! Yes , I'm a nerd and I love every second of it . 
is getting up bright and early tommorrow for Coastal Clean-up ... 
comes home for Fall Break tomorrow !!! 
and < PROPFEMALE > are about to head back to B'ham! 
is back in Mobile ! 
has no class tomorrow ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
just managed to create matter out of nothing . Seriously , my lab experiment somehow producted nearly double what it should have ... All bow down to the breaker of the Law of Conservation of Mass ! 
should really be finishing up her paper right now ... Curse you short attention- butterfly !!! 
has finished her < PROPMALE > project ! Now all that's left is my paper ... and to study for the chem test ... and the geography final ... and the honors ' revolution ...... 
has pretty much finished her paper !!! 
is about to take her English Final . Yay ! 
has one final down and two to go ! 
has only her chem final left ! 
is finished with finals ! Freedom !!! 
is hanging out at Starbucks ! Internet how I have missed you ! 
' s New Year's Resolution is to make an A in Chemistry . 
just ordered her lit . textbooks ... my pocket hurts from the emptiness . 
is tired . Stupid football game getting my hallmates excited and loud . 
is glad for the three day weekend ! 
is brain dead . 
has returned to B'ham . 
had a pretty awesome day . But then again any day involving jellies , otters , penguins , sharks , ect is going to be awesome . 
and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Whitacre have not only taken the road less traveled but made their own road ... well , trail . It leds to the golf range . 
Life sometimes feels like walking on a tightrope without knowing if there's a safety net below or not . 
just lost The Game . ( Yeah , I am evil . ) 
has completed her < PROPFEMALE > science paper . Yay ! 
had an awesome time at Spring Formal last night ! 
sometimes my family really amuses me : \He's a yankee . \"- Mom \ " A < PROPMALE > yankee ? \"- < PROPFEMALE > " 
has figured out what she's doing for her sociology through cinema paper ! And has an idea for her honors english paper ! 
has had sufficient intake of caffine and chocolate , so maybe I'll be able to make progress in the realm of paper writing ... maybe 
One paper down ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > Britnell got to go on an adventure after the Honors Party ... Exactly how we ended up lost in downtown Pirchard when we were traveling from Fairhope ? Well , that's my sense of direction and a confusing GPS for you . 
had an awesome day , but now that it's over I must go back to the papers ... just two more left ... 
' s 10 < PROPFEMALE > break from paper writing somehow turned into a 30 < PROPFEMALE > break ... funny how that happens . 
is done with her english paper ! 
wishes everyone a happy Earth Day !... Is it sad that google was what reminded me of this ? 
the honors project is essentially done , so all I have left is to finish one paper and take two exams . Then I'm free ! 
has literally nothing to do tomorrow . No classes , no work , nothing . 
one exam down and one to go . 
just found out I made the perfect score on my < PROPFEMALE > biology final ! This day officially ties with April 9 for the best day of this semster . 
' s chemistry exam went okay , though I know I didn't do as well as yesterday . Now all that's left is packing . 
had a really fun weekend ... yet somehow I'm already starting to miss Mobile ... 
Starbucks , what would I do without your wifi and coffee ?... Be bored that's what . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
gets to go to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Matre today !... oh , and some other people will be there too ( just kidding mom ! I love you ! ) . 
got to ride in my boat ! 
just marathoned the Cardcaptor Sakura manga ... yeah , I have no life . On the plus side I have enough warm fuzzies to last a few months ... Of course , that's not really a plus when you have a wedding to go to ... 
will soon be on my way to my cousin's wedding . 
The rehearsal dinner is over . < PROPFEMALE > ( my cousin and the bride ) looked so happy but I'm sure she'll really shine tomorrow . 
is back from the wedding . 
had an epic trip to Walmart . 
has a dentist appointment ... yay . 
is done packing for my trip to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
will soon be leaving for < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm coming < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Thrasher ! 
is now in < PROPFEMALE > ! And no , I didn't get lost . :P 
just loves it when you have an awesome waiter . 
will be heading back to Birmingham soon ... 
is back home . 
It feels like I got back just yesterday and now I'm starting to pack for my move to Dauphin Island ... wait , I did get back just yesterday . 
My mom \accidently\ " stole the keys to my car ... Think she might be trying to hint at something ? " 
is pretty much done with packing ! 
has the house to herself , is listening to music , and eating left over crab legs . Could this night be any better ? 
Dauphin Island here I come ! 
made it to Dauphin Island and is now settling in . 
would like to rub it in everyone's face that I spent the evening strolling along the beach . :p 
should probably invest in either earplugs or knockout gas . While the earplugs are cheaper and more practical , it would be more fun to use knockout gas on those who yell at the top of their lungs at 3 in the morning . 
my first class was interesting ... I don't think I'll have much free time if my second is anything like it . 
my second class looks to be fairly easy much to my relief . In other news , for any interested party , I've been told oil will start washing up on DI's shore thursday or friday ... 
thinks she might be getting something resembling a tan !... maybe ... 
Whoever's idea it was to have to laundry room ( well , building ) not have air conditioning has my eternal loathing . 
spent the afternoon at the saltmarsh and on the beach ! 
has a fever , and tomorrow is the day my class takes an overnight trip to go snorkeling . It sucks . 
is back from the class snorkeling trip and ready for the weekend ! 
Honestly I've been kind of depressed lately . But today , without even having a way to know how I was feeling , multiple people went out of their way for me . Even if some , well , most plans didn't work out- the point is that I got a much needed reminder ( in the lovely form of a hammer to the head ) that I'm not as alone as I sometimes think . Thanks guys ! 
has conquered her first test ! 
saw a waterspout today while in a boat ... a little 8 person boat ... that nearly flipped 3 times ... yeah , it was awesome . 
would like to say that the new version of The Karate Kid is awesome . 
why is it that I don't get seasick ( with one exception ) but after spending a day on a boat will get landsick ? 
had a strange day . My coastal geomorphology class went on a field trip ; it involved stopping at a resturant to watch the world cup . Then on the way back we missed the ferry by 5 minutes because of a helicopter blocking traffic . 
now has a hatred for seashells . Why you ask ? Well , while spending two hours collecting them is fun , the four hours spent afterwards trying to identify the species of 20+ shells isn't . 
The busy week of finals for first term is here , wonderfully started a thunderstorm waking me up at way-too-early O'clock . But that's okay because The Last Airbender comes out this week ! And it's 4th of July weekend !... oh , and something about my dad's birthday ... 
' s done with first term !!! It's like I can breath again ! 
the quote of the day is \free advice is worth the price\ " ... I can't help but think that that quote is worthless . " 
Little Red is very sick and because of it being a holiday there's no car doctors around ... 
' s car , after a few delays , is alive ! 
wants to dance in the rain . 
loves it when I spend the entire day in my pjs . 
has realized that I am happiest when I have a forward momentum in my life . The thrill of struggling toward a goal . Of knowing that no matter what happens I will find a way , giving myself no other choice . I'm adjustable but persistent . And , on occasion , I can become comparable to a force of nature . 
Staying up til sunrise , then sleeping til 1 . What can't everyday be like that ? 
probably just failed her < PROPFEMALE > vert midterm ... but from the sounds of it I wasn't the only one . 
brain fried from studying ... but must get A to counterbalance bad grade 
test over ... I don't think I did as bad as the first , but it's definitely not an A either . I just can't seem to remember the various orders and families of fish ... 
\You bit your tongue while drinking coffee ? \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Whitacre " 
My class caught a roughly 8 ft hammerhead shark today . It was awesome . 
Turtle sitting is fun ! 
\You can't write off these storms off until they're dead and buried with a stake in its heart . \ " - my professor on tropical storms " 
Hurricane class field trip got cancelled due to thunderstorm ... something just seems off about that . 
What happens when you have an entire group of procrastinators that have perfectionist tendencies ? 12+ hours of basically non-stop working on the project ... Not kidding . All nighters are exhausting ... but can't sleep , class in half an hour . 
Thankfully class was really short , so I got to take a nice long nap . Yay for a functoning ( maybe ) brain ! I'll need that to study for the exam tomorrow . 
is done with the exam ! And I even think it was an improvement ... not that that says much . Also staying up all night for the fish collection was so worth it ; we tied for first with 81 species and 93% accurancy ! 
Packing , then leaving . Yay ! 
Home sweet home . 
Getting a free drink is awesome ! Yay for store policy about making people wait to long ! 
new rainboots , coffee , good- well , decent company . Not a bad day . 
There was a giraffe . It was awesome . 
We has a new dorm < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Someone save me !!! < PROPFEMALE>'s making me listen to the Illiad ! 
My organic chemistry book arrived eariler ! Now I can do my homework . Yay !... Wait ... that doesn't seem right ... No ! 
\Reality is the glitch in my teleportation system . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Britnell " 
Ever had one of those days where everything's going pretty well , then one thing goes wrong and the rest follows suit . Today was one of those days . 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > Garden trains its waitresses in the way of the ninja . 
has had an awesome fun filled weekend going on adventures with < PROPFEMALE > Britnell and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Whitacre 
' s brain hurts ... Can I curl up in a deep dark hole and pretend I don't have things to do ? 
Nine years . Time heals but I pray the scars always remain . Because if they were to fade , it would mean we'd forgotten . 
According to < PROPFIRST > Baumann I could drink pure acid and survive . 
so I came to Starbucks to do the homework I need internet for , only to realize when I got here that I left what I needed at home ... epic fail ... 
is brain dead ... not good when I really need to finish homework . 
playing assassins causes Mission : Impossible music to get stuck in my head . 
Cutting off my foot is starting to become a tempting idea ... 
I like it on the floor between my desk and the wall . 
Slept late , spent the afternoon in a bookstore , and now coffee and internet . Not a bad day . 
has had a pumpkinlicious day ! 
is back in Mobile . 
has pink in my hair and likes it . 
Rock band is as fun as I've heard ... now to study for my chem test ... 
Chem test a success ( hopefully) ! Next on the list : finish Mashburn paper before the movie tonight ... 
Organic chemistry test was a success ! Yayness ! 
had a rather awesome day . Even if it did involve some shopping and paper writing ... and I'm probably the only girl that puts shopping on the same evil level as a paper ... Anyway ! Awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > Garden goodness and hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Whitacre 
Cheesecake should never taste like an orange . Never . 
Paper almost done ... just one more point and then the conclusion ... then I have to do another paper ... 
Scavenger Hunt time ! 
Rain , rain , rain ... Monsoon . 
Christmass Spectatular was indeed spectatular ! 
Organic chem test then on the road ! 
has the most awesome mom !!! 
Presentation complete ! Now I should study ... but the headache tells me I need a nap ... 
Finals week ... I really shouldn't be so apathetic toward you , yet I am . 
Freedom . 
has just begun a long and difficult journey ... researching various grad schools . 
Happy Winter Solstice ! 
I'm a little disappointed with my grades ... but a pumpkin spice latte makes it a little better . 
Not only did I get a White Christmas , but the snow hasn't completely melted yet ! It actually looks like winter . 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! May 2011 be wonderful ! 
had a great day trip to Atlanta ! And we're supposed to get snow again ! A lot of snow ! 
Saw Tangled , which was cute and funny , and then had a fight with my computer . It's okay , we made up . :) 
Back in Mobile ! 
Found the Hot Light and rejoiced . :) 
Clue college style : < PROPFEMALE > Britnell in the hallway with a hairbrush . 
I have discovered the yummyness that is Thai food . 
Cold rain is evil . 
Had an epic adventure last night that involved couch hunting , frozen yogurt , a random flirty pre-teen , a movie , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Whitacre , and < PROPFEMALE > Britnell . 
Back in Birmingham . So ready for the R&R . 
Heading back to Mobile ! 
