has internet ! 

is still looking for a couch-type piece of furniture that can fit up the stairs to her apartment . 
is listening to new < PROPFEMALE > . 
is training in produce this month . 
can hear someone getting their teeth drilled from her living room . :/ 
woke up this morning because she could hear something in her room . Investigated , and found a pigeon on her desk . Called the maintenance guy to get his ass moving on getting a screen for that window . 
is napping . Gonna be a zombie tomorrow . 
has a couch ! 
is watching the Chronicles of Narnia with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is watching planes from her couch . 
is trying a Chicken Korma recipe . 
has some cool people coming up tomorrow night . 
is sparkling from the beach . 
is hot-i-tot to t-t ot . 
' s new favorite word is flocculence . 
is playing \find that smell\ " in the kitchen . Is it the soggy bath mat in front of the leaky fridge ? I hate this game . " 
' s brain is rotting in her Intro to Electronic Media class . Why am I paying for this ? 
The flu does not cause avalanches . 
is debating with herself . 
Is really excited for < PROPMALE > and cheese . 
is having a couch day . Lots of tea , some soup , lots of spacing out . I should get some homework done , but ugh . 
needs to just freaking focus on homework . 
Just lost my phone on the bus or at the busstop . We'll see if someone turns it in . 
misses her phone . Facebook is pretty much the only way to contact me until Tuesday or Wednesday . 
ugh . facebook you suck ! I don't have a phone , and you won't let me read what's in my inbox ? 
is getting a big girl bed this weekend ! 
' s bed is freaking HUGE ! 
One mission of many accomplished . My to-do list makes me want to < PROPMALE > . 
wants to know why this Tiger Woods drama is considered newsworthy . 
is not enjoying Salem's ocean breeze now that it is only 27 degrees out there . I need to invest in a ski mask . 
Cleaning and rearranging my life . 
just doesn't care enough about this Spanish exam . 
is free ! 
Crapola . Fever over 100 and the shakes . I'm supposed to go home in two days . I don't want this . 
going home for two weeks ! Way better than the 24 hours I had last time . :) 
Schnitzel , nap piles , board games , fireworks , dancing to the Blue Danube on the porch , really impressive fireworks , pancake soup and a decent handful of losers . :) Now , to travel 100 < PROPMALE > to Swampscott for a 4-hour shift before ... vacation ! 
Comfortable . Bodies . Go ! 
can never find matching socks . 
Ugh . Five classes back-to-back , followed by five hours behind the seafood counter . Bed time . 
is not a fan of ironing . 
is beat . 
woo 40 degrees today ! Going for a walk . 
wasn't so disappointed about the lack of snow day after she got outside . It's beautiful ! 
rrargh ... taxes are fun . 
XD 
got out of Bio lab early , so is off to work . :) 
\It's just a piece of apple ... \"" 
is looking for a time machine . I'll just skip the end of the semester and wake up with everything done . :) 
had both morning classes cancelled on a day where it took an extra hour to get to class . Could have slept another four hours . FML 
Where are all the rainbows ? * is confused * 
is hovering by the window , waiting for the FedEx truck . 
computaaaah ! 
Breathe in ... breathe out . 
* cleans grey matter out of keyboard with q-tip * 
Facebook is spazzing out . Also , is it nap time yet ? 
* sniffle * damn trees ... 
is explaining the complexities of a nap-pile instead of coding . 
Awake ? 
wonders if anyone has an extra mp3 player lying around . Mine didn't survive the damage from it's iced tea bath . 
Class day two then off to the beach ! 
\Woah ! Is that a turtle ? That turtle is off the chain ! \"" 
should have just slept in the computer lab . Done in 9.5 hours . 
is packing . We get keys tomorrow and will be officially moved in on Tuesday . xD 
is taking her furniture apart . 
So tired ! Back to work again for 8:30 , then more moving ... :) 
hates the last few things left in the old apartment . 
smells like sunscreen and potting soil . Yay summer ! 
is tired of dramatic temperature changes . 
angry . Smash InDesign . Grrr . 
Two summer courses down , one more to go . 
Mmmm ... fresh < PROPMALE > and mozzarella ... 
so excited to be able to sleep in past 5 ! xD 
had her first fresh young coconut ... and didn't cut herself getting it open :) 
is sweating . 
is trying to figure out if her class cancellation is a blessing or just a huge pain in the ass . 
so many losers visiting ! So glad I kept my time off ! 
big waves + good people + pouring rain = an awesomely exhausting day 
is not a fan of waking to the sounds of Sunday morning trash pick up . 
Is not a fan of waking to the sound of * Monday morning trash pick ups , or her inability to delete a Facebook status update with her ipod . 
Out of work at 10 ... back in 8 hours later . Wheee ! 
is looking for a third roommate for her awesome Salem apartment . $350/month + utilities . If you or anybody you know might be interested , please get in touch . :) 
is not looking forward to dreaming of catfish nuggets ... :( 
\Why is this bologna so ... wet ? \"" 
my roommate and I are looking for a third person to live in our apartment . $350 a month plus utilities . Walking distance to campus , downtown , and public transportation . Send a message if you or someone you know would like more info . 
< PROPMALE > does not like cinnamon rolls ... now I need two new roommates . 
worked from 9 to 9 . \ 
x_x 
< PROPFEMALE > Bride and chocolatey badness =) 
Panera chicken noodle soup does not go well with lemonade ... 
is exhausted ... and still full from < PROPFIRST>'s . :) 
is going to spend almost all of her time on campus in this one room . 
Misses breathing . Kill all the ragweed ! 
uh-oh ... spaghetti o's! 
Mr. Pizzuto's class , 8th grade . 
has so much homework she can't work on . Here's hoping the CS5 trial doesn't destroy my laptop ... 
is a zombie already ... class ' til 2 , work ' til 11 ... 
Shoelaces are probably the most exciting things ever . 
Mmmm ... aluminum siding ... 
came home to ridiculous giggling , was asked to step back into the hall for a minute , and reentered to lemon squares fresh from the oven . Love you ladies ! 
Thanks so much for all of the birthday wishes ! 
loves last minute customers when she's trying to close the deli ... 
I got my feet on the ground and I don't go to sleep to dream 
avalanche !!! 
is living in Meier Hall again . :( 
This < PROPMALE > and cheese is beautiful . :) 
It means you're a baboon ... and I'm not . 
has a functional version of CS5 on her laptop ! xD 
Down , Chalupa ! 
has no attention span . Want to do my homework ? 
\Where's your mouse on a stick ? \"" 
is looking for a roommate for our third bedroom . Walk-in closet , parking , private laundry in basement , decent neighborhood . Walking distance to train station and campus . $350 plus a third of utilities . 
is overwhelmed by deadlines . So it's obviously time to go do things entirely unrelated to any of them , right ? 
is focusing on her homework . Obviously . 
is hoping that she's only getting migraines because she's low on sleep and high on stress . 
is fighting her senioritis . 
Froccoli Barts ! 
is hoping the Homework < PROPFEMALE > visits tonight . * fingers crossed * 
Change your profile picture to your favorite character from when you were a kid . The goal of this game is to see an invasion of childhood memories on Facebook . 
there is nothing sexier than a man with a vacuum cleaner . 
the cooking begins ... 
I have cake so good I have to hide it in my underwear drawer 
is fighting fonts . 
is watching Rocko's Modern Life right-side up . :) 
There's a \delicate burst\ " of peppermint < PROPFEMALE > on my white chocolate covered pretzels . " 
is done with the easiest of four classes . Hey , it's something ... 
is done with classes , but still has a pile of work to do by Tuesday morning . :) :( 
OMG Wheee ! 
Sucks when your balls drag in the snow ... 
seven more hours as sample lady , then cocoa , gift wrapping , and Invader Zim . :) 
In a time of ancient gods , warlords , and kings , a land in turmoil cried out for a hero ... 
is deciding whether or not a walk is worth the effort . Sidewalks ? Try snowbanks . 
Cheese Bazaar all morning , then slowly making my way home . Who wants to pick me up from Providence ? 
is still recovering from the most ridiculous deli Tuesday . Sunday busy on a weeknight . x_X Huge thanks to < PROPMALE > McDonald for helping out . 
is not entirely sure why this episode of The Angry Beavers is in Spanish ... 
Slush puddles all the way to and from campus . I'm not fond of the ones with deceptively solid looking islands in the middle . 
found the edge of her desk with her forehead . Twice . 
What's this ? A day off ? 
Shoveling in the short break between rain and temperatures below freezing ... :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > is crying for me to go to bed . I think I should listen to < PROPFEMALE > reason . 
Google is beautiful today . Check it out . 
< PROPFEMALE > just fell into the toilet . xD It's the little things ... 
\It's like a flavor party in my mouth . \"" 
We've pissed on far too many sprites , and they're all standing up for their rights . 
Damn phantom tickets ... * grumble * 
My friends have multiplied ? Thanks , facebook . 
Mmm : Spaghetti squash and apple chicken sausage . :) 
is singing along to Brand New , pretending to do research for her paper . JStor is not cooperating . :/ 
Waaa ... Senioritis ! 
You know it's an unpleasant paper when you decide to work on your tax amendment instead . Woo for productively procrastinating . There's still time for me to clean my room , right ? 
