well just watched super bad and so now I think Im going to get on the roof tops and yell to the world I love my best friend Jerard !!! 

well had to buy a new tv today thank god for income tax or this would be one borring night 
just chilling bored so I think im going to play pocket pool or call up an escort lol 
yup had a little fun tonight it was great getting to see some old friends im gonna sleep life a baby 
well could be doing judo but unfortinately Im a pune lol didnt feel like running in the could oh well maybe next time 
had fun tonight kicked < PROPFIRST > in the head then got chocked out but I can still walk so thats good lol and tomorrow is hump day ! 
didnt know i could feel so alone 
Im so sore from MMA now I walk like a gangster cause I pulled something lol good times though 
feeling much better about the week 
on the phone talking with my dad its been years uintimately Im thankful :) 
need me a women friend someone to have a good time with and if things go further than so be it 
you know what I don't get is why you would add someone as a friend and ignore them I hate that !!! 
oh just bored trying to find someone to talk to 
well today has been fun meet some cool new people and helped put a system in my bros car 
there aintno way they can stop me now ... Determined 
alright man here is the scope I stay in Moore now and my car isnt running and I got to find a new job I would loive to go level some people and play ball again but I dont see myself being able to do it thanks though 
need some relief from all the things that I cant change 
Hey guys have this friend their an awesome band if you could help them out and send this text to beatdown13 to 64636 
wish there was something better for me ... 
The world is hard to live in for a young man who has envisioned a life with out pain or grief 
Hey guys have this friend their an awesome band if you could help them out and send this text to beatdown13 to 64636 thanks for your votes and the band name is TwoFold give thema listen their on my wall 
well my phone screen has went completely black again so call me if you want to talk or if you have something of Some importance to say 
wish my phone would work right now this Sucks but oh well just going to chill around the house 
well my night just got a lot better thank god for friends 
yeah I just ran so hard that when I finished I wanted to throw up 
God I have never been so bored need to find someone to talk to ! 
its getting better all the time 
going to go shoot some hoops 
Wow what a night 
just waiting for things to grow I've already planted the seed :) 
hah < PROPFIRST > shoot way over twenty five percent . Hey guys there is Still hope for me yet in basketball 
On the seventh day God created me 
ready for tonight I got my game face on 
Good night hope there are more to come later 
Yay I made it through the party lol no its been a good day so farjust waiting on tonight ready to go play some ball 
damn well this sucks no ball no girl I got nothing but hey 26 more minutes it will be a new day ! 
Why can't I turn off the radio 
going to Dibble then M.M.A. 
My car is going to be fixed soon this friday or next Monday then its off to get a job hopefully a rig baby need the money !!!! 
\Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ford " 
I will be somebody and not just anybody so don't blink or you might miss it 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
\The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions . \ " < PROPMALE > Lord Tennyson " 
\Strive not to be a success 
for once I'm down for the count throw in the towel something I quit 
went to Dibble to watch my younger brother graduate damn I'm getting old 
\Don't count the days 
So many people embrace tomorrow but so few enjoy today 
Why does your pride make you run and hide ? 
I'm lost but not forgotten 
\Marrrcuuss !!!! \"" 
yay got my phone fixed today well I purchased a new one today now just a few more things i got to take care of I'm well on my way 
\Heaven can wait were only watching the skies hoping for the best but exspecting the worst let us die young or let us live forever we don't have the power but we never say never forever young I want to be \"" 
well getting my windows fixed and my car tagged and insured this saturday then Im off to find a job pumped things are finally coming together 
never really said to much afraid it wouldn't be enough . Just try to keep my spirits up 
hold up where the liqur where the cups where the ladies where the sluts I'm drunk what ? Bitch I feel good !!! 
I didn't ask so there for don't tell me 
there was this blind man ruight hes walking down the street with his stick and walks by a fish market and takes a deep breath and says \good morning ladies \"" 
Passion ???? Passion is for smashing !!!! 
I could really use a wish right now 
you know its pretty bad when you have a thousand something friends on here but still no one to talk to ... 
On a mission to be what I'm destined to be 
it is aperant God did not choose me to be a machanic finally done with my car for now ... thank God !!! 
finally got a job !!! I'm estatic 
Damn , what a day !!! 
Wow one hell of a weekend top notch !!! 
MDA camp needs counselors ( June 19-25 ) , especially male \ 
counselors . Any takers ?!? If so hit up Will Hua in my friends he will help you out thanks for your time 
Still missing something but don't know what 
so I figured out why I wasn't feeling right today two years ago Ryley passed away your always in my heart though and in thoughts 
in spite of everything I feel okay today 
Lakers !!!! 
\common doc look at my mouth it never closes . \ " doctor says fine . ( patient bites doctor's finger off ) \ " now stop having sex with my wife ! \"" 
I know who I want to take me home . 
great time in Woodward heading back soon :) 
whats new pussy cat whoo ooh oh 
\Every thing is better with a bag of weed\ " Family Guy lmao " 
Not a bad weekend at all . Im a little ... short and stout 
\We could fly oh we could soar all you have to do is open the door but your gone and I'm all alone . \"" 
been setting at the spine hospital for 3 hours now God Im fucking bored text me please 
Its crazy how one day you feel on top of the world and the next you know you just want to say fuck it 
Getting dish network font know why but Im pretty excited about it 
What an impact someone can have in your life and for that I am thankful 
Waiting to see where life will take me next . All is well that ends well 
\I can't believe I kissed her hand ; I was drunk drunk !! \"" 
if you lose your senses do you lose your grasp on life 
Ready to go to work in the oil fields and make some real money :D 
Let me see got drunk sprayed by a fucking skunk then fell off a motorcycle good night I think ... 
Not down just lonely tonight someone want to text me Im sure I'll be up late 
Hell yeah finished my first day at six this morning felt pretty good after tripping pipe all night 
Finally done for the week seven days off now hell yeah ! 
Well this is no good my phone gets turned off tonight at ten so no more facebook or myspace till the 26 miss everyone text 4054877627 if you need to talk 
God bless two year old tuna sucks !!! My stomach is killing me 
Got my phone turned back on :D hell yes !!! 
Hew I know this is last minute but I could really use a ticket for the OU game tomorrow text or call 4056372748 
Looks like I'll be going to the game today hell yeah !!! BOOMER SOONER 
God what a great night still a little drunk lol 
got to start getting ready to get back to work good bye < PROPFIRST > I'll see you around 
Well headed off to work in the rain yay for me 
I got money in the bank ;) pay day hell yeahh !! 
Last night at work then off to < PROPFIRST > on friday ready for the game BOOMER SOONER ! 
good night bad ending 
All in all it was a good weekend glad to be back home 
Life cant get much better right now last day at work tomorrow then going to see my lovely lady 
Cant cry over spilled milk guess everything happens for a reason still thankful for everything I do have 
Geico commercial \Hey you dang wood chucks quit chunking my wood ! \ " lmao " 
Just had the best burrito ever at CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL one word for it amazing ! 
Long night at work ready for quitting time 6am baby 
Just another day in paradise great night at work and great food ! :D 
Tripping pipe again tonight so if you ask me Im ready Im ready 
I would like to take the time to kiss and hugg your body 
IHOP after along last night at work is never a bad idea ready to get my grub on 
< PROPFEMALE > Jamerson \I love the smell of happy puppies ! \ " lmao " 
hell yeah of course I have a New York Yankees hat what black person doesn't lmao quote unquote from Jerard Jamerson him self 
You should be my friend with benefits a.k.a my A lover 
I'm Ice Cold Bitch get at me ! lmao 
So tell me whats been up everyone ? 
What a day worked from sun up till sun down and to top it all off it was raining on me thank god Im almost home :D 
Its good bye time :D 
Dont know what to think anymore . 
Hey girl now you my business 
Yup officialy off work today ! 
You say it best when you say nothing all 
Movies dinner them bricktown haunted house great night in progress with my little bro hell yeah :D 
Ready to get my car finally fixed I feel sorry for the mechanic lol 
Fuck this bicth Im leaving 
I go hard ! I even got the knot on my head to prove it . lol 
If you have to ask then it is not a gift 
Only 80 more hours this week lol 
Seems likes everyting comes and goes 
Only two more days left then Im off and then I find me a place 
Yup its now days off :D 
Hello world 
So I asked Jerard Jamerson what is freezing ? \Me Im ice cold bitch get at me\ " lmao well said " 
