at work today 

Do not click any links that i post ... theres a virus goin around on facebook 
work , gym , back home and then who knows 
so transformers .... def pure awesomeness !!!!! 
just did a 36 hr day ... i think im gonna sleep now 
work , gym , then transformers in IMAX :) 
work , stuff around the house , gym , sleep 
had an awesome weekend 
work , gym , then house work ugh .. hit me up 
work , gym , then to the g/f house 
last work day till monday .... then its off to ride the 4 wheelers :) 
off to ride the 4wheeler 
woking then gym then dinner sleep and repeat 
goin to a concert tonight at merriweather :) 
happy its friday but still aggravated 
back to work ugh 
BWW tonight ... hit me up if ya wanna go 
BWW tonight .. you comin ? 
work , gym , they maybe some shark week 
feelin pretty sick today 
goin to race some gocarts tonight 
so played some paintball yesterday and it was awesome 
work , gym , then starting schoo again .. when will it ever end 
Green turtle tonight ... you comin 
chevelle tomorow night then muggin convicts all day sunday 
Fettucini < PROPMALE > is macaroni and cheese for adults 
A good listener is usually thinking about something else 
The most abundant renewable resource : Human Stupidity . Someone should try to make that info a fuel . 
Think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that 
Crisis or Nemisis ... which one is abetter team name ? 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes :) 
If you find it hard to laugh at yourself , I would be happy to do it for you 
out to bww tonight 
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason 
so someone got a hold of my card < PROPFIRST > ... awesome 
wrecked my ankle on sunday so ill be hobbles all week 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT-if you are reading this , whether we do or don't get to speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of you and I that pops into your head . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you ! 
goin down to rams head tonight for a concert 
Just got tickets for the < PROPFEMALE > v Steelers game :) 
Football Game was great last night 
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking 
I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives 
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . 
I like you . You remind me of when I was young and stupid 
Don't wish it were easier , wish you were better . 
feelin sick def picked up a bug from somewhere 
Every time I look at you I get a fierce < PROPFEMALE > to be lonesome 
A < PROPFEMALE > saved is a < PROPFEMALE > you didn't put in the ' Take a < PROPFEMALE > , leave a < PROPFEMALE>' tray , you cheap bastard ! 
Headin down to OC for the weekend :) 
I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals . I'm a vegetarian because I hate plants . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Keep your friends close . You can blame things on them . 
Ready to blow something up >:/ 
Build a man a fire , and he'll be warm for a day . Set a man on fire , and he'll be warm for the rest of his life . 
It's OK . I am sure you had a good reason for being a douche bag . 
Putting labels on people is wrong , especially when the label says ‘As Is’ . 
Life is tough , but it's tougher when you're stupid 
what to do , what to do , what to do 
sushi is the bees nees 
Gettin my industrial done tonight :) 
FYI : Everyone may have got some kind of notificaiton from me saying that \ i iike your photo\ " . DO NOT not click on the link and allow to run the application . It's a possible virus . I didn't run the application but picked up on this right away . " 
just chillin at home tonight , hit me up 
just waitin to hear back 
whew i am beat from that day 
Suburbia : where they tear out the trees & then name streets after them 
its gonna be a long week 
A word to the wise aint necessary--it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
feels so relieved :) 
today is going to be a good day 
back to the daily grind at work :( 
Grrrrrrrrrr 
I've never understood why women love cats . Cats are independent , they don't listen , they don't come in when you call , they like to stay out all night , and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep . In other words , every quality that women hate in a man , they love in a cat 
out and about hit the cell 
Of course I don't look busy . I did it right the first time 
p90x = murder for your body 
Things are lookin up right now 
looks like i have to wait out the storm 
Changing for the person you care about is always worth it 
Rolling around with the sister today 
Think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . 
ever wish you could just flip a switch and go to sleep 
Fact : 10 out of 9 Americans terrible at fractions 
Truth is to politics what blasphemy is to religion 
Don't be humble , your not that great 
Its awesome . e when your car decides to die while driving 
I have never killed a man , but have read the obituaries with great pleasure . 
What's less fun than a barrel full of monkeys ....... having to clean the barrel 
Downward facing shut your pie hole 
Burger < PROPMALE > has funnel cake sticks ...... awesome 
Where is a Hammock when you need one 
Great practice today , played almost 20 points so I am pretty beat right now 
Imagine the stupidest person in the World . Now realize that the average person is at least half as stupid . 
Doing production work today so hit up the cell and keep me awake 
5 cops one car awesome 
Guns don't kill people , people kill people , and monkeys do too ( if they have a gun ) . 
And so it begins .... 
Hail = Awesome ... except for my cars 
My mistake . For a second , I thought you were making sense 
I wonder if drinking and driving can be considered multitasking . 
I'm a holy roller and I own a spaceship , let me take you for a little ride 
Birthdays are good for you . Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest 
Cinco De Mayo ... lets party it up 
Study : Doing just about anything increases your risk of death 
\A B C D someone should have told him not to F**K with me\ " ...... < PROPMALE > brown jr. " 
No matter how much you care , some people are just jackasses 
Netflix is purely awesome 
Ready to mug someone in the face 
A lot has been said about politicians ; some of it complimentary , but most of it accurate 
If you’re one in a million , there are 999,999 people exactly like you 
Hates it when you on back roads to save time and then get stuck behind an oldy moldy slow driver 
Gonna move after work oh joy i cant wait ! 
I love my profile pic haha 
People say that laughter is the best medicine your face must be curing the world ! 
Stoked for the upcoming murder day :) 
< PROPMALE > is my new favorite show 
I’ll try being nicer if you try being smarter 
You know getttin in accidents isnt all that bad its the phone calls and time it takes to get everything arranged to get it all fixed back up ugh 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils . 
My level of sarcarm is in proportion to your level of stupidity 
Its quite comical when you see two different pizza delivery cars right behind each other 
Its awesome getting dehydrated to the point where walking is a task 
A wise man washes his hands after he pees . A wiser man doesn't pee on his hands 
I need ppl to go to < PROPFEMALE > beach the last week of July . Message me for details 
I am ready to stab someone with a pick axe right now ... < PROPFIRST > = furious 
Hmmmm I do believe I will go to the beach for a day 
< PROPFEMALE > beach July 24-31 if interested let me know and I can give give you details 
I feel kinda left out cuz aparently there was an earthquake this morning and I totally missed it :( 
Just saw a Mexican with gold and red windshield wipers . ... priceless 
Poker tonight ! hit me up for details 
I think crime pays . The hours are good , you travel a lot . 
Chillin at the beach in sc ..... so relaxing 
Just saw a golf cart with underglow .... big pimpin son ! 
Recovery day ... quite the eventful night last night 
Slightly disappointed at dinner for schmucks 
no more vacation :( 
I just found a dead bat in my hvac closet haha 
poker tonight at my place ... text me for details 
Old people smell like diapers Ha 
poker night in < PROPMALE > burnie .... hit me up for details 
\I knew it was coming but didn't expect it\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Its Awesome when the cop doesn't show up on court 
poker tonight at my place .... contact me for details if you want to come 
If your too open minded , your brains will fall out 
Poker at my place tonight @830 $10 buy in . LMK if you are playing 
Poker is canceled 
All sorts oh vehicles broken down 
Playing wii with my baby :-) 
Copying from a single source is called plagiarism , copying from multiple source is called research 
Hmmm what to do for the next 3 days Hmmmm 
If guns kill people do pencils mispelll words ? 
notices that nobody ever says , “It’s only a game” when their team is winning 
is cleverly disguised as a responsible adult . 
I hate math , I think it should figure out its own problems 
Five finger death punch = new favorite 
Really hates that chic-fil-a isn't open on Sundays 
slightly on the angry side today hmmm 
If there were no bad people , there would be no good lawyers 
I got one ticket left for the aziz ansari comedy show this friday @ 10pm in DC ... lmk if you are interested 
How would you react to seeing two puppies shot in the face lok 
Cocaine is gods way of telling you that you make too much money 
Just saw an ad that said \cash4yourcrib \"" 
Yay the metro doesn't smell like piss today ! 
It would be nice if teleportation was possible 
Do you want to be on the fun side or the numb side ? Take your pick 
I hate how < PROPFEMALE > and my parents use the same wrapping paper 
Life is like a hot bath . It feels good while you’re in it , but the longer you stay in , the more wrinkled you get 
Screw Verizon !!!!!!!! 
There are three sides to every story : yours , theirs and the truth . 
thinks that playing “tag” with sprinters would be the least fun game in the world . Second only to playing on the seasaw with a sumo-wrestler . 
says to never play leapfrog with a unicorn 
Paranormal Activity 2 was suprisingly not too bad 
Hates rubberneckers 
Money kills all dreams\ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Headed down to MEX < PROPFEMALE > bar for the happy hour i won .... call me if you want to join ! 
actually sick enough to resort to drinking tea :( 
Got lots of things bouncing around the good ol cranium today 
Today I'm a movie hijacker 
when the national weather service issues a wind advisory does that mean to tie down dogs and not to fly kites ???? 
Black ops online , get some 
Is going underground for a while , if ya wanna chill you know where to find me 
Negative candles are cantdles 
Black ops anyone ? 
I hate pussy black ops players that leave the match right before they lose 
More human than human on the radio = awesome !!! 
You can't call the cops on < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Me + bingo = who knows lol 
The things I do for chic-fil-a 
Some nights just have an outcome of anger 
I love this week cuz there is no traffic 
Hi-ho Hi-ho off to shoot people in the face I go 
Hmm to prestige or not to prestige 
Day man ! Ahahaa !! Fighter of the night man . Champion of the sun . You’re a master of karate and friendship for everyone ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Steelers fan . Being a Steelers fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is no known cure for SFD and sympathy does not help ... but we can raise awareness . 100% of Ravens fans will re-post this , simply because we KNOW HOW to copy and paste . SEE YOU SATURDAY STEELERS 
using a confusing analogy is like driving a Jeep over a box of doughnuts , it just doesn’t make sense 
I love it When the gyms empty 
Your home alone in the middle of the night and you hear a fart , would you laugh or be scared ? 
If the zombie apocalypse ever happens I'm going to surround my house with outward facing treadmills , I should be fine 
