i refuse to make my status message be about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 

at the beach !!! 
sunburn :( 
11 beers , 2 swigs of bailys , 1 swig of whiskey , 2 < PROPFEMALE > car bombs ... ugh 
goin bowling ! 
just climbed a mountain ( well , a small one , but it was still an adventure ! woo ! ) 
found a car in a dumpster 
Interview at 8:30 am ... I don't like waking up early :( 
interview's all done , now to put off writing the report for a bit 
i finished my report ... 15 f**king pages and did it a week early ... hell yes ! 
almost outa this crappy apartment ! 
class then moving , might not have internet till tomorrow 
after 13 hours straight , im moved into my new house !!!! 
now fully understands the awesomeness of ceiling fans 
waiting for a bus that doesnt come in the summer is a bad way to get to a test 
no mas clases de verano ! 
white russian + cigar + sun + deck + end of classes = amazing 
GI < PROPFIRST > is exactly what you think it will be . Time for sleep 
not to give anything away , but the ending of GI < PROPFIRST > is physically impossible ... by lots 
placed 1st in both my poker tournaments today ! 
dad and brother visiting for a bit 
fwoosh ! 
one last semester ... 
Bioshock is super creepy 
today was a bad day for tournaments , and a good day for cash games . 
the poker gods favored me today 
This semester is gonna be long ... 
finished 37th in a 4,535 person poker tournament ... but only top 30 got prizes :( 
got myself a copy of windows 7 . i must say , its pretty good . 
no class till 5pm tues , ima celebrate by getting a sweet new phone ! 
new phone , number is ( 828 ) 406 4426 - also , unlimited texting ! finally ! 
good try app ... came pretty close in the end there 
i think the idea i came up with for my entrepreneurship class could actually work ... 
the new ticketing system is retarded . why do i need a shipping address to print my ticket myself ? 
what a birthday . 20ish hours of drinking , tailgating then a football game , no hangover . thanks to everyone that helped me celebrate ! 
$375 and 24 hours of community service . siiiigh . 
8 hours down , 16 to go 
WiTricity looks amazing 
busy busy week , but our group's project is lookin awesome 
community service in the morning ... ugh ... 
that was way more work than i was under the impression it would be 
100% < PROPMALE > of rain starting at tailgating time and ending around end of game ... hmmm ... 
99 / 6,000 ... not so bad 
both classes cancelled today , one due to possible swine flu . 
community service is wearing me out . ' only ' 5 hours 45 minutes left . that's right , they round my time down to the nearest 15 mins . 
i dont wanna be sick :( 
2 months to go ... 
Looks like I don't have class today 
The pantser is back ! 
Now that everyone has finally gotten used to Office 2007 , the Office 2010 open beta starts next month ... 
Boonedock Saints 2 comes out this Friday 
i just had 4 tacos and 4 beers on my professor's tab . yes . 
got invited to a $ 10,000 poker tourny tomorrow , but it's during the game :( if we lose im gonna be really mad 
aaaaand boom goes the dynamite 
first presentation of the day is done , one more to go . 
hungry hungry hippos are basically reverse pez dispensers 
just placed 1st out of over 3k people in a 6 hour long poker tournament ! now for sleeeeeep 
anybody wanna give me a ride to < PROPMALE > tomorrow so i dont have to fix my car ? 
in < PROPMALE > for thanksgiving ! 
about to start my last full week of class ... ever 
a presentation , 2 exams and an informal job interview immediately after . its gonna be a busy day . 
anybody wanna do my IS project for me ? ugh . 4 days left ... 
55 mph wind gusts can cause wind chills of 6 degrees ... hello winter . 
11 hours of programing in the last 2 days , and in about 16 hours ill be done with college . Totally worth it . 
no cell reception , fallen trees blocking the driveway and one took out part of the porch railing ... ice storms suck 
the movie Primer is goddamn confusing 
Wind chills overnight and Saturday morning will range from 5 to 15 degrees BELOW zero . 
the first day of my new p90x workout routine just kicked my ass really hard 
time for saturday shenanigans ! hooray ! 
more snow , just when my driveway was getting usable ... 
assigned my first project for my new job ! woo ! time to jump into the world of linux 
Got a job interview with ECRS on Friday , wish me luck ! 
Blizzard ! 
Just walked to and from the grocery store in a blizzard . Adventure ! 
The ancient Norse believed Armageddon would be preceded by 3 great winters . This is 1 , 2 to go , and surprise , the third would be in 2012 . hehe 
I feel the interview went well , but since I was the first interviewed it's gonna be \a few weeks\ " until I know anything :( " 
in the 10 day forecast , 2 days don't mention snow . enough already , we get it . 
Flogging < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !!! WOO ! 
and yet another blizzard ... 
just won $75 in an online poker tournament ! 
heading out to see P.O.S. ! should be a fun show 
i can ride my bike with no handlebars 
$50 online poker win :) 
Beannachtaí na Féile Pádraig oraibh ! An bhfuil tú ar meisce fós ? 
oh good , its snowing 
got my $50 check and UltimateBet hat in the mail today , hooray poker winnings :) 
fixed my router :) yay internets ! 
keeps having dreams with < PROPMALE > from The Office ... weird 
got a beer brewing < PROPFEMALE > , this should be fun 
latest south park = amazing , cant wait for part 2 
meeting tomorrow to discuss IT job at ECR Software :) 
got a job in IT at ECRS :) 
it is far too early to be awake , let alone active , friendly and thinking . this will take some getting used to , and a lot of coffee . 
first week of the new job is done , weekends are meaningful again ! 
is going skydiving june 5th :) 
just suffered a very bad beat in a poker tournament . doing the math i found my odds of winning that hand were 95.5% ... ugh :( 
crazy work day , helloooo weekend ! 
grill+fire+beer , come on over ! 
got internet on the phone now , trying out this mystream thing ... 
anyone with an env touch with internet access , update your firmware , the new browser is awesome 
will be donating my 97 buick park avenue to < PROPFEMALE > unless someone wants to buy it . Needs minor repairs to get it running , possibly < PROPMALE > repairs to get it to pass emissions inspection . Passed safety inspection no problem ( when it ran ) . Needs 2 new ( or repaired ) tires . The gopher living under the hood is included . 
back from camping on the beach , congrats to < PROPFIRST > S Graves and < PROPFEMALE > Tillett , it was a great wedding/weekend ! 
about to go skydiving ! 
busy week , but the php project i made went live this morning . now time for sleep cause im old . 
< PROPFEMALE > people just picked up the old car , hope I get my new one soon 
looking for someone to skydive with , any takers ? 
just got my car ! hooray ! 
saw toy story 3 ( awesome ) and got an a/c unit for my bedroom ( also awesome ) . 
The ' real world ' spends a lot of time at work . 8.7 hours today . I might get overtime next week though ! 
im on a boat ! ( For the next week ) woo ! 
inception = amazing 
has a hammock ! :) 
likes his status . 
appstate football game on tv , sports south , channel 33 
amazing comeback , 28 points in 11 plays ( 3 mins of game time ) . way to start the season apps ! 
Playin with my new droid 2 ! :) 
In west < PROPFEMALE > , rafting down some class 5 rapids tomorrow morning ! Woo 
thanks for all the birthday happiness , had a great weekend ! 
anyone in boone : the game will be on channel 18 at 330 
And yet again , no internet for the last 24 hours , charter is the worst isp ever 
internet issues fixed ... finally ... 
Headin out to go skydiving ! 
Is now working towards my class A solo skydiving license , so if anyone ever wants to go skydiving I'll be going about once a month , just let me know , would love some company ! 
skydiving monday the 11th around 3:00 , anybody wanna come ? 
early voting today , get to it 
how alive ? too alive 
who wants to see POS with me nov 21st ? 
headin out to skydiving ground school , then my first non-tandem jump in the am ! 
Appstate has now won the most in-conference games in a row in the history of all college football ( any division ) 
half my living room outlets stopped working , so i got to use my super electrical powers to fix it ! shazam ! 
got a free Wolfies shirt for being a regular customer today . Awesome . 
HUGE appstate game tomorrow : soco championship ! Watchin the game at my place , who wants to come ? 
off to skydive , then its football time ! i love saturdays 
got 2 jumps in today , 2 more until my solo jump ! 
too < PROPFEMALE > to skydive today :( 
Weeked ! Friends from out of town and either my first solo skydive or the appstate playoff game ( depending on weather ) . Woo ! 
So much snow , time to do some php work from home :) 
finally get to skydive again tomorrow , my last 2 AFF jumps folowed by my first 100% solo jump ! woo ! 
AAAAPPPPPPP 
its almost noon and the wind chill is negative 7 , hooray for working from home 
just went sledding ! woo ! puppy loves the snow too 
Just switched from geico to travelers and saved $166/yr with additional coverage ! Woo ! 
And the snow starts ... its not really forecasted to stop either ... 
gettin ready for some bad weather this week ... 
super snowed in , working from home :) 
\StumbleUpon has temporarily run out of sites relevant to you . Please sign up for more topics . \ " - i ran out of internet ... " 
just filed my taxes and gettin a pretty nice return , hooray ! 
Just graduated from AFF with his most perfect skydive yet ! WOO ! First solo jump tomorrow afternoon ! Time to celebrate !!! :D 
is going to Las Vegas for a week at the end of May , huzzah ! 
typing \recursion\ " and \ " anagram\ " into google yields some fun \ " did you mean\ " text :) " 
i've found that when learning french , i tend to translate it into spanish in my head instead of english to understand it ... weird . 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > Dudek < PROPMALE > . You will be missed , cousin . 
good day of skydiving , got my first two coached jumps done , 5 more coach and 8 solo jumps to go for my license 
Just realized I'm older than microsoft windows ... 
work time off approved , reservations made , plane tickets in hand , we're officially going to vegas :) 
Talk at work about a possible full time position continuing to do IT , and also getting our software to run on new hardware . Could be interesting ... 
Why is it snowing ? 
