so .... I am a little sad to see the tree go down .... but so ready for more space ! YAY ! 

Pure Romance Kits are 50% off . Start the new year by having control over how much $$$ you want to make this year !! Take control of your finances . Pure Romance will do just that . Plus , why not get paid to party !! Contact me for deals and sign-on specials ! 
brrr ! being productive outside is hard when it is cold ! :) 
' s puppy is 53.5 lbs ! He's getting bigger !!!!! 
is cleaning yaaaaaay 
is home , love having a puppy so happy to see me ! 
Is registered for Cincinatti , now off the give the dog some NEEDED excercise !!!! He's nutzo ! 
OMG its soooo time for bed , why do I stay up so late ? 
Hmmmm , I think my pup should be the new energizer spokes character ! He keeps going , and going , and going ..... 
I hate when my pictures disappear , back down to 666 , hm wonder wh oerased what ? IDK ! 
LOVES so you think you can dance !!!! 
I have days available in August for Pure Romance parties ! Let me know if you need a girls night out !! 
I am so nervous ! AHH ! 
Puppy day ! 
' s puppy dog has a rancid butt , he is sooo smelly ! On a brighter side , I am going to Las Vegas in march , yay ! 
I have the 23rd of August open for a Pure Romance Party , and don't forget ! If you book a party with me in the month of July you get an * upgraded free product up to $25 * in value ( of your choice ! ) 
My (<PROPFIRST>'s ) puppy is so cute I can't wait to take her home !!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG I get to pick up the puppy in almost 12 hours yaaaay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is tired 
is relaxing after a very crazy and trying week , I need sleep ! 
went from feeling productive to i wanna sit and watch tv .... ut oh ! I blame it on the the sleeping puppies !! 
Bed time ! Then working out in the am , packing for Cincinnatti and takin ' the pups for a quick run ! 
Going to Cincinnatti for the Pure Romance National Training ! See ya'all on Monday ! 
Is in full wedding mode ! YaY ! Oh and a Shout out to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - have an amazing wedding i wish I could be there ! 
Is exhausted working so much overtime , but is happy to get ahead on money woes ! Ahh , sleepy time with the hubby and pups ! 
Happy Labor Day ! 
I made bean and ham soup now off to work yay ! 
tired , going to bed , walking at am ! yay ! 
z . has lots to do today and seems like it might not all get done ..... go figure- wish me luck ! 
I think my dogs woke up today saying \what can I get yelled at for today ? \ " YAY ! " 
is just finishing up on apple baking ! 3 loaves of apple/zucchini bread , morning < PROPFEMALE > muffins , apple pie , apple crisp and an apple wrap , pair that with the spinach/riccota cheese stuffed shells we're going to have tomorrow for dinner and you have some great food on hand ! YaY ! 
Alright ladies , do you want to have a great girls ' night in with Pure Romance , get free product and see what's new in the world of Pure Romance ? I have room in october , also booking for November ! Let me know ! 
Mmm , made tomato soup from my garden tomatoes , now I am gonna make a butternut squash soup quick and head to bed ! :D 
So I just gouged a huge chunk of skin out of my foot with our front door , awesome ! lmao 
What an amazing night thanks to all the ladies for an amazing party ! Especially you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Calling all LADIES !!!! Do YOU want a fun girls night in and out of the cold ? Do you want to earn free product and laugh your ass of with your friends ? Then host a Pure Romance Party with me ! My calendar is filling up so secure your spot today ! 
I don't wanna b sick n e more , someone come heal me , or something :D 
my head still hurts from that fan , and my cough is ridiculous , plus eating isn't really working , I am soooo ready to not be sick n e more ! lmao 
lounging 
it feels good to not be sick , or live with anyone who is sick , life is good ! 
Its my DAY OFF !!! YaY ! Gonna walk the pups and enjoy this beautiful weather ! 
Put another Pure Romance order in tonight ! Off to bed then an 11 hour day tomorrow , then a day off ... for real this time , I better not get called in ! LMAO ! 
At home so happy to relax ! 
making soup , cut up the rest of my super chili peppers and put them in ... then i rubbed my nose .... OMG my NOSE IS ON FIRE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha what a dummy :/ 
cannot sleep 
Is relaxing on her fabulous day off !!! 
Client sick = half day @ work , hmph , time to clean ! ;D you know ur jealous ! 
workin ' hard today :D so excited to have < PROPFIRST > over Thanksgiving break ! ( Feel better < PROPFIRST >!) 
uh , why am I still up ? geez , pretty sure i should go to bed so i can wake up- clean- pack up cookies , puppies and myself and go to the cities to visit the fam and sistas YAY ! 
haha my photo pic and photo total is quite fitting 
is going to get stuff done now so I don't just stress over it later .... wow am I 180ing my procrastination habit ? niiiice 
is cleaning and making our family christmas letter ! YAY ! :D 
is gonna watch a movie yay ! < PROPFEMALE > totally had her head out the car window while it was snowing and somehow stole a disp . coffee cup and had that in her mouth while hanging her head out the window ... wonder what the other drivers thought as we passed by .... all she needed was a cell phone or a cig and she'd be in business ! 
my puppies and ferrets r playing together ... so cuuuute =D 
Work time ! YaY ! 
is tired , perhaps i should go to bed soon :D yay for not working til noon ! :D I LOVE MONDAYS ! :D 
yay Monday ! Feel better < PROPMALE > ! :( 
hmmmm ..... morning (: 
Hey ladies , I am booking parties for the new year , January is pretty full but who could use a hot heart massager for feburary ? Book a party and recieve one free ! 
so bought the dogs some squeek toys , and once we squeeked them the ferret came running out and stole it from the dogs , apparently Grace likes squeek toys as well LMAO ! 
Off to get the kids ready for their X-mas ball ! Fun Fun ! 
Day off woo ! Hopefully I am going to be quite productive .... perhaps I should shut down my facebook then ;D 
wants her hair cut and colored now ! I am so impatient ... 
cut my hair , feels great , hope it doesn't look to funny . lol going to bed ! 
is making < PROPFEMALE > bread yum ! 
is thankful for what I have , & need to remember that a lot more often ! 
is in need of groceries ... just ate pickles for lunch- lmao :D can't WAIT for pay-day tomorrow ! 
off to work YAY ! 
is exhausted but has baked cookies and has a possible 4th Pure Romance booknig for January which is awesome :) it only takes a few hours away from home to remind me how much I really do love my home and family :D 
had a good day , pretty sure < PROPMALE > and I aren't going to drive through the snow storm on Thurs though , to bad , I was excited ! 
off to work today , 10 hours of christmas holiday pay ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :D 
Wonders if its criminal to have more fun at work than at home sometimes ? haha good day , now home and loving my puppies , they think snow is super ! 
Done w/work ! Came home to frolick in the snow w/my puppies ! Boy what a workout ! 
Hey thanks to all who said < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 2 me via text ! I wish u a < PROPFEMALE > X-mas too ! 
Work , Work and more Work is in scedule for today ! haha YAY 
Is going to have a bake-day tomorrow , if ya wanna < PROPFEMALE > or join in stop on by ! 
Pretty Sure I want my hair REALLY short , yikes ! 
Today at wal-mart I used self checkout and swiped my card and it said my signature was bad . So the chic that manned the self check out station had to check my ID and compare signatures because the machine didn't think they matched .... wtf ? Does anyones signature match on those pads ? Really , its good incase someone steals my 10 lb purse ... but really ? 
Theres my new hair ... uhh possibly but NOT grey ! ick 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
I'm looking to get a head start on my goals for 2011 , so the next 3 people who book a January party will get a bonus $50 in hostess credit ! Let me know if you want to take advantage :-) Message me or send me a text for available dates ! 
PINK ! 
OK I am back with REDBOX promo codes once again This one needs to be used by MONDAY night RBXLUV10 and another for whenever is RBX2NITE yay ! Happy Movie watching every1 ! 
Just got back from our Pure Romance team meeting , very motivating ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for a great party this weekend , so much fun ! If you want to have a fun girls night in too , and earn free product , let me know ! 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 SLC news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your walls and spread the ...... word again !! 
Will B @ NW Pizza in 30m if u wanna join ! YAY ! 
Alright ladies one valentimes day party is set in stone who wants the second day ? :D oh , and did I mention our business kits are 50% off this month ? Theres not better time to make money for yourself ! 
Off to another fabulous Pure Romance Party ! :D 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s party !! Repacking for < PROPFEMALE>'s party tomorrow . Ready to join my team ? Kits are half off for the rest of this month - Let me teach you how to get paid to party !! Message me if you want to know more . 
Up and ready to go , boot camp workout with the girls then off to Spring Lake Park for < PROPFEMALE>'s Pure Romance party ! :D 
Had a great time tonight at < PROPFEMALE>'s party ! Thanks to all the girls who have booked parties this weekend , the next month should be fun ! 
Gym , Vikings , Pure Romance work and then LIFE work yay ! 
Mailing packages , then work from 12-8 then hitting the gym then going home to crash in my bed ! YAY 
Come join my team ! January < PROPFEMALE > Sales are soaring !!! They are all 50% off right now !!!! Now is the time to make a difference in your life . Make the money you want ... work the schedule you want .. BE YOUR OWN BOSS !!!! Make your dreams come true ... CONTACT ME ASAP !!!! 
thinking being sick wasn't part of my plan to getting stuff done .... hopefully not sick come my long work day tomorrow ! 
It's Doppelgänger week on Facebook . Change your profile photo to that celebrity everyone says you look like . Post these instructions for others to play along . 
Down to the cities to celebrate my G-pas 92nd Birthday ! OMG lolz 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day , everyone ! Pure ROmance half price business-in-a-box starter kits end tonight ! Don't miss out on a new career ! 
Alright ladies ! My March AND April calendars are OPEN for booking ! Want a girls day/night in ? Want to earn free product while laughing and having a great time ? Then book a Pure Romance party with me today ! I travel State wide ! 
< PROPMALE > is looking for IT jobs in the Duluth area , anyone got any insider info ? 
is up waaay to early on a saturday ! Excited for the Volunteer Expo at MOA , come by the Bundles of Love booth from 12:30 -2 to chitty chat yayes ! 
is tired , but super excited for the party tonight ! Mall of < PROPFEMALE > was so packed and crazy , it made me a little crazy , WoW ! 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for a fabulous party last night ! If you want to get free product and have a fabulous girls night in , book a party today ! 
So tonight is the night of great quotes by others : \we accept the love we think we deserve\ " & \ " dont make someone a priority in ur life when ur an option in theirs\ " Both are soooo dang true ! :D " 
is tired of applying to jobs lol :D 
Work Work WORK !!!!!!! YAYES ! HAPPY MONDAY ! 
Oh bed time , I love you sooo much ! 
busy day today again , but the count down begins ! ! 4 days to DULUTH YAYES ! 
SAVE THE DATE ! Ladies , DO you want to learn more about Pure Romance and its business opportunities ? Do you want a FREE product just for joining in ? < PROPFIRST > Monday March 29th in your calendar for a night of FUN filled info , and how you can start today ! I will be there and I want you to be too ! 
So excited to move to Duluth ! YAYES ! 
I * heart * moving now , my camera that was missing for literally MONTHS has just been uncovered , where else but in a PURSE !!! 
OMG it's bed time ! also , just to note , I ALWAYS am writing in the search box to put my post up , then realise its the search box and have to rewrite or copy and paste it down in the actual post box ... grrr its just annoying ! FIX that facebook ! 
LOOOONG and FUN day ! First Polar Plunge , thanks to all my DONATORS !! THEN packing up house and traveling to DULUTH , THANKS to all our HELPERS , and finally an interview Oy ! Wish me luck ! 
Soooo tired and sore mostly from weird beds , moving is almost over , hopefully we find work soon so we can support our habits ... getting out of debt habits that is :D 
k , finally starting to move around lol I love being lazy ! YAYES ! uugh , better keep packing :P 
Alright ladies ! New products launched tonight in Las Vegas for Pure Romance ! Want to see whats new ? Want to host a party ? Call/message me up ! 
OMG I am sooo tired ! Got another interview yayes ! Start first job tomorrow :D 
Interview went well today , got called for another interview , yay , this ones at a chiropractic clinic , went to canal park w/my pups today , such a beautifu day out ! Date night tomorrow ! I love Duluth ! But I do miss my Brainerd peeps too :D 
K today is date afternoon , lol were doing it early , but does anyone have any suggestions of what fine ( or just dang good ) restaraunt to go to ? hmmmm .... 
MMMM Cold Stone , they're hiring , perhaps that can be my part time job ! ;) 
Taking RSVPs for the Pure Romance Opportunity Rally you have been hearing about on the radio . Want to be a VIP for free drinks , appetizers , and a gift ? Message me ! March 29th 6-9pm ! 
is registering guests for Monday's Pure Romance Opportunity Rally . Will you be joining me ? Free drinks , appetizers and a gift , plus 1/2 price starter kits this one night only ! RSVP so I can reserve your spot ! 
Good day , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > my , and pups in the AM , < PROPMALE > in the afternoon , PartyLite party and shopping ( YAY ) , Relaxation and the gang once again in the PM , loving life in D-town :D 
My Schedules are open now that I found an amazing job for daytime ! Want to Host a Pure Romance Party ? Free gift just for hosting plus discount on all the products you want to buy ! Call or message me now for more info ! 
Pure Romance Opportunity Rally 6-9 PM tonight in Bloomington 
Had an awesome time at the Rally tonight ! 50% off starter kits until tomorrow . If anyone is interested in becoming a consultant and getting what you deserve message me before tomorrow at 10:59 pm . Want to catch the broadcast from the evening ? Go to pureromance.com to see the videos ! 
wants to get stoopid XD 
got a wonderful present in the mail ! Thx Brainerd friends ! :D Miss you , especially today ! 
Off to bed , long weekend ahead , excited for it all though :D Brainerd peeps , I will be in town on Sunday if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Alright no cities for tonight YAY a day w/Tomy ! Tomorrow is another story though :/ go figure ;D 
Great night ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for a great party , and < PROPFEMALE > for being an amazing PR consultant ! :) 
putting my PR order through if there is anything anyone needs to order , refill etc let me know ! 
So tired ! My knees ache !!! Night ! 
Yayes for Monday ! lol :P 
excited for the Party Lite Party this weekend , Birthday on Sunday , < PROPFIRST > all weekend long , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > next week yayes ! 
Hi ho Hi ho it's off to work I go :) Then its off to get my hair done yayes ! Anyone with any fab . ideas ? :) 
If you have a Husband that makes you laugh , One that you can say is your Best Friend , One who you want to grow old with , One who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , One who is your world , and a man that you can Thank God every night for , copy and paste this to your profile with your Anniversary date . ? 8/8/08 
its time for baking cupcakes , watching AVATAR in HD , cleaning a little and then falling asleep to DMB , ahh what a good night ! 
hmm , a little disappointed I didn't dream big blue ppl and jungle lands , but oh-well :P 
hey all ! I had my PartyLite party today and it was a success ! I am keeping it open until Wednesday so if you wanted to order still or get in on the free mini barrel jar candles ( one for every $25 you spend ! ) let me know ! Thanks ! P.S. I am now taking dates for Partylite parties as well as Pure Romance ! 
thank you to all those that wished me a happy birthday ! I had a wonderful weekend , thanks to everyone ! :o * 
My PartyLite party closes on Wed . If you have any candle or decoration needs for your home or a friend let me know ! 
You have to see this ! A simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage ! http://broughttoyou.org/failedcompetition 
Anyone want to place a last minute PartyLite candle order before I close my party ? Its closing in an hour or so :) 
Excited my hair turned out great , love the color , now a consultant for PartyLite yay ! Need anything , want to host a party ? Let me know ! I'm your gal ! :) Yay candles ! 
So proud of my hubby who landed a job a the EPA ! yayes ! 
I just received my < PROPFEMALE > last night for PartyLite ! I am excited to start but I need your help ! Who wants to get candles or home accessories for free ? I can help make that happen ! 
Alright friends and family ! I need help getting my PartyLite business off to a great start ! Even if you looove candles and have enough , I bet you could use a new holder to show off those great candles , let me help you get it for free ! Think PartyLite is to pricey for you ? Let me prove you wrong ! :) 
Looking for a quick and easy Mothers Day gift that will make mom smile ? How about a PartyLite gift certificate ? With options like home decorations , gourmet food and of course , the very best candles on the market , why wouldn't mom love it ? Call or message me today ! 651-283-3001 
Booking Pure Romance Parties as well ! Want to see our new product line ? Over 30 new items released ! Earn them for free ! 
Calling all Candle lovers ! Book a party in May with me and get $100 in product for just $15 ! Thats on top of your other free products earned ! PartyLite by < PROPFEMALE > 
so I am thinking my choice to wear capris and no coat today weren't such a good idea ... :/ 
excited for the jewlery party tomorrow , my place , 1pm ! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there ! 
Looking for more May and June PartyLite bookings ! $25 in free product , on top of what you earn ! 12 votives for $1 ! Leave me a message , text or call today ! 
Anyone in Brainerd want to do a PartyLite or Pure Romance party next weekend ? ;) \ 
Also taking dates for the end of the month anywhere ! 
Do you have a fundraising need ? Know of someone/group who does ? Earn 50% of sales with PartyLite fundraising ! Message me for more info :) 
the products for PartyLite are in ! Yaaay ! if you ordered from me let me know how you want to receive it ! ;) 
Off to bed , slumbers await , and snuggling w/my pups !! I heart puppies !... Oh and < PROPMALE > , I guess ;) 
Hanging w/Jess , rockin ' a little MaryKay facial later , and getting myself organized in my office ! Oh yes , and hanging out with my pups , I heart my babies ! 
naps for me are bad , I only realize this once I start a new project @ 1030 at night ... thinking its much earlier , where did the weekend go ? I can't believe that on the other side of sleep is monday morning work ... yuck ! lol ;) 
OMG I was < PROPFEMALE > not feeling good today , but now it is over ! I WILL be in Brainerd this weekend , who wants to go out on friday night ? 
Ok changing the night out to Saturday ! Lets get silly ! 
Good morning ! 
Currently going a mile a minute , afraid that if I slow down , I will not get going again ! Too much to do ! 
note to self : 8pm is not a good time to meet other pups @ the dog park , unless you count mosquitos 
ATTENTION PR GIRLS - log in to your back end office - ALL ACTIVE CONSULTANTS get 60% off for 24 hours only !!!! GOOOOOOOOOO check it out and order now ..... this is Awesome !!! 
if you've been wanting a few Pure Romance items nows your < PROPMALE > ! I am offering 50% off until 10 pm tonight ! call me @ 651-283-3001 to place your order now ! 
My stock is full , book a Pure Romance party with me today and take your product home the same night ! 
Fixing my car , how fun :/ 
Starting May 24th the Pure Romance Kits are on Sale ! If you were looking to find an extra source of income this could be for you ! Message me for more info ! 
just getting to sleep ! sleeping in a lake mansion is fun , but I prefer smaller quarters ! Brakes still aren't fixed :( Hopefully I don't meet any deer ! ;) 
I am in Brainerd now yay ! PartyLite party w/Leah who is signing up then Par-taying it up with the Brainerd Chicas ! ;) 
in BRAINERD tonight ! Going to the Varsity bar and grill for food and drinks ! Come and have some FUN ! Wooooooooooooooooo ;) 
Considering a way to earn extra income ? Want to have a job that involves partying ? Pure Romance is having a < PROPFEMALE > sale ! Call me for more info ! 
IDK what to do w/myself , this 4-day weekend and my hubby ! Let the possibilities roll .... 
on my way to the cities to visit fanily and friends :) 
g-pa looves spinach artichoke dip tee < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
who wants to go to cosmic bingo @ mystic tonight ? 
I was one away from the coverall jackpot my number was next and someone else got bingo ! < PROPFEMALE > was not their name-o ! :( o well ! 
so I stopped in Hinkley to get gas and I saw a lady w/ a Coach < PROPFEMALE > pack .... do the 2 really go hand in hand ? I think not .... 
< PROPMALE > and I are vegging out w/some movies , blankets , puppies and each other of course :) 
I am going through my jewlery and getting rid of a good chunk , but I have an organizational dilema ... ladies , do you keep your jewlery in boxes they have come in , or just submit to keeping them all in a jewlery organizer , regardless of how much they're worth ? plz share your thoughts 
Watching Confessions of a shopaholic 
OMG what a busy night , I am so tired and theres so much to do still ! blah ! 
Good Night ! 
Time to start the checkoff list for the babyshower on Saturday ! 
Ok so my schedule book needs some PartyLite and Pure Romance parties booked :) Does anyone want the < PROPFEMALE > collection from LartyLite ? How about seeing the new product line from Pure Romance ! 
I need a candle order tonight ! Does anyone need any tealights , votives or other order ? Beer bread perhaps ? Let me know ! 
Tired and getting ready to go to bed ! 
anyone need to fundraise for walks/events/trips etc ? I can help you ! 
Has the day off with < PROPFIRST > and has big plans ! Picnic lunch at the new waterfront park ! Rock digging in canal and possibly finding a fish tank and fishies to put in it for < PROPFIRST > ! 
Enjoyed today ! Finally saw sunlight not through a window ! Yay ! Wish I had my camera charged today , but its charging now ! :D Grandmas Marathon tomorrow , I might just make an appearence , then swimming yayes ! 
Does anyone want to go on a cruise this winter ?... bahamas etc ? 
the boys are being boys on their PS3 ... haha Whats a girl to do ? 
I feel dizzy , time for bed ! :D 
Just installed a 55gallon fish tank in our bedroom ... Tom even took down his COMPUTER ... is the world ending ? ;) 
Well although I seem to have lost my ability to sleep in , having a day off is oh-so-nice ! Getting the house back in order , reading \The Short Second Life of < PROPFEMALE > Tanner\ " and simply relaxing ! I am taking dates for July ( only a few left ! ) and August . Call/text/or message me here if you are interested in either a Pure Romance or Party Lite party ! Both companies are releasing their new products in August ! " 
yay for a great spot for fireworks !! :) pretty decent day ! Happy 4th everyone ! 
I just < PROPFEMALE > Voo'd while reading wall posts ... how pathetic ! hahaha Some research then off to bed ! 
gonna be in Brainerd this weekend if anyone wants to get together ! :) I am game ! Will have my Pure Romance products with :) 
so tomorrow in Brainerd come have fun at a Pure Romance party in NE ! addy tba if you'd like to come and have a great time let me know ! byob ~ starts @ 7 ! 
Hmmm , good day :) 
Oh baby fishies , you're so cute ! Why people say humping like rabbits is beyond me , should say mating like fish , they're ALL preggers ! Geez ! 
QUICK\ 
SALE FOR EVERYONE ! Sensations , Booty Ease and Like a Virgin 2/$10 ! \ 
Hurry before they are gone ! Other great deals if you call me before friday ! 
If you have a man that works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who youwant to grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for , post this as your status to give the good men out there the recognition that they deserve , because great men are few and fa ... r between & I have one ! 
Last Day for the 50% off sale ! Send me a msg w/your order by this evening ! :) I am off to go frolic in the sun ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , ... 23 , ... < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 , are Marines that gave their lives for you this week . Please Honor THEM by reposting ! Thanks ! 
So if you still reside in Duluth , you should msg me so I know who I can < PROPFEMALE > with ! I don't want to have to facestalk ppl to find out ! 
Placing my Pure Romance order today , if you want anything , let me know now ! 
OMG why wont my leg stop hurting , blah !! time for bed ! Inception was as good as I had hoped , want to watch it again but must wait for it to be released on dvd ! 
Sad I didn't get to go on the ships but glad to let someone else go and get < PROPFIRST > , even if he is being a lil turd ;P 
WEEKEND YAYES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Weekend Clearance event , OVER 50% off ! Message me to inquire ! I <3 Pure Romance ! 
Time to cook DinDin !! Yum ! 
Well ladies , just watched the new product launch ! The new products are amazing , flavors and scents tantalizing and the packaging is new and so very sexy ! Book your show for August and let the good times roll ! ( I plan on treating my hostesses VERY GOOD ! ) 
Our fishies had 6 babies , 2 guppies and 4 Platies :) aww our growing family ! haha 
Placing a PartyLite order this weekend , need any new candles , halloween , thanksgiving or christmas decor ? Let me know ! :D 
Excited for our 2 year anniversary tomorrow , can't believe it :) Hope we get to have some fun <3 
<3 Had\ 
a fun day , deciding on where to eat ( took us a few tries ) , having the \ 
best server ever ! ( Gr Am B&G ) picking out some guppies , made a key \ 
lime pie that is delish ;) Not to mention my sweet necklace and earrings\ 
I got ! YAY Bestest 2nd anniversary ever ! ;) har-de-har-har ( cleaning \ 
the dog poo up in the yard was however NOT a highlight ! ) ? 
DID\ 
YOU KNOW .. 85% of bankruptcies can be avoided with an additional $300 \ 
income per month in each household ! The average Pure Romance Consultant \ 
can makes $250 - $300 profit from just ONE party a month ! Starter kits \ 
are as little as $149 -- CALL ME OR EMAIL ME NOW !! 651-283-3001 
Our Platy mommy just had 15 babies ! Go mama ! 
Dropped my phone in the dogs water bowl ..... oops :/ 
Looong weekend , I am tired and sore and def . need to go to bed early tonight ! ( However on the bright side I am richer ) ;) 
Feels MUCH better today , ( < PROPMALE > GOD ! ) Now I can re-focus on my businesses ! :D YAY ! 
This week has done a complete 180 from last week ! If only gray hair reversed ... ;) Going to bed then getting < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! Fun weekend , engaged ! 
I want to go to < PROPFEMALE > Garden , who wants to go have never ending pasta bowl with me ? Anyone ? 
Four days off and I don't know what to do with myself , other than finding my ' 07 taxes cuz I am being audited yay ! Really wish I knew where I put them ..... 
had a fun day with < PROPMALE > Johnsonn watched the last exorcist with < PROPFEMALE > Jorgensen it was ok but quite dissapointing found many steals at wal mart and now enjoying LOST w/ < PROPMALE > and a lovely glass of moscato wine yum 
So , I suppose I should be productive today ...... perhaps noon is a late start but beter late than never ! :D 
A HUGE THANK YOU to < PROPFEMALE > Granger for hooking me up with her mad organizing skills and making my office go from a disaster zone to a working and functional reality , hoooorah ! 
Had a fun and loooong weekend , state fair and girl time was fabulous these past few days woo hoo , yay 4 work in the am . 
Phi Sig ladies : remember Musicians Village ? It's so where we went to work for Habitat for Humanity ! Its SO beautiful ! Go VIKES ! 
our crab from our fish tank got out and travelled from Tommys room into our bedroom ..... wtf ? lol 
Officially is wearing slippers burr ! Is excited to organize some more this weekend and possibly get some work done ! 
duluth peeps , come to Bingo @ Mr. D's tonight chix wings and salad for $6 , win partylite goodies , fun for all ! 
Party Lite open house this Saturday from 1-3 hope to see you there ! Check out all the Fall goodies and scents plus win free prizes ! 
i LOVE the show WIPEOUT , ahahahahahahahaaaa 
the Duluth Fall is here , the leaves are all beautiful , the air is crisp and I LOVE it ! :D 
Alright ladies , in the spirit of fall and all things wonderful I am having a Pure Romance sale , 25% off anything ! YAY ! 
HAPPY MONDAY !!!! :D 
Leaving Target today I unlocked my car and opened the door only to realize it's totally not my car ... one row over was my car ... oops ! :D Luckily they didn't have a guard dog on duty ! ;) 
SO I am a freak of nature and oh about 10 times a day my right foot feels really warm in one spot ( not to the touch-just in general ) , the first few times it happened I thought my dogs pee'd on my foot , nope ( thank-God ! ) I am just a weird-o ! 
Pampered Chef party tomorrow , 6pm @ my place ! warm apple cider to warm us up out of the rain ! 
party starts in T minus 3 hours :D mmmmmm chowder ! 
go AV < PROPFIRST > , u did great ! 
Looking through the Pampered Chef catalog to figure out what to get for FREE yay ! :D 
Fun weekend , now back to the grind , it's shaping up to be yet another busy week :D Happy Monday ! 
uh , Happy Thursday ! haha 
Pure\ 
Romance was mentioned in six business journals throughout the country \ 
this past week for being nominated as one of the \Best Places to Work . \ " \ 
Be a part of < PROPFEMALE>'s Wish\ 
September 30 • 5-8pm\ 
Receive < PROPFEMALE>'s Creation FREE @ Coldstone ! Yum ! 
Had a great party with < PROPFIRST > Brandabur and friends , excited for the upcoming parties and a wonderful weekend off ! :D 
Dio knocked my phone in the bathtub ...... might be out of a phone for a while ! 
It's raining ! Oh no , the leaves are just pouring down :D 
Ohhh Happy Thursday ! WEEKEND IS SOOOO CLOSE ! hahahahaha 
Ohh ! Its FRIDAY ... and almost SATURDAY , AND still gorgeous out ! WO HOO ! 
Boo at the Zoo was fun and we are now proud members :D 
someone stole Toms < PROPFIRST > stereo in the middle of the afternoon ..... awesome ! I love < PROPMALE > Park ! Not ! 
I am ready to feel healthy again .... cold cold go away don't ever come back here a-gain hehe 
Had a great time at the vendor fair today ! Thanks to all the great ladies I met ! Now time to rest up so I can enjoy the evening at the Fall Drag Show ! WOO HOO !!! 
Had a blast @ the drag show last night , totally slept in til 12 today ... bahahahahahaha . 
VIKES YAY ! 
Getting ready for my Duluth party tonight ! 
Congrats to all the ladies who completed the Dance Marathon last night ! Had a Great Party , Now an offer for you : 25% off any 8oz Coochy , Body Dew , or Entice ( our new body lotion ! ) 
Hmm , rained in tonight , getting some PR business together , SALE for you !! 25% off any Coochy , Body Dew or Excape ! Woo Hoo ! 
So excited for my Coochy and Body Dew to come in , scents of grapefruit , pomegranate and pearberry , Oh My ! 
Ohhh , did a lot yet nothing today ? I feel tiiiired , thx rain , u make me sleep today ! GO VIKES ! RAR ! I'm gonna go burn some cheese ! 
Scared Shrekless ! Community , Office , Outsourced ... I think I am in love ! Woot Woot ! 
Netflix came today : Mothman Prophecies .. hell 2 the yeah , I forgot I put it in our queue but its exciting b/c < PROPMALE>'s never seen it and I remember being freaked out by it soooo let the Halloween Haunting begin ! 
LOVING WOMEN of SNL ! 
Ugh I so do not feel good , oh well ! The show must go on ! 
Excited for my Party Lite party with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Host your own ! Gets lots of free candles , food and decor !! 
if yo're in the Hibbing area stop by The Park Hotel for some pre-Christmas shopping ! woo hoo ! 
Sooo\ 
the party tonight is totally canceled due to horrid driving conditions , \ 
soon to be rescheduled , meaning a weekend off and stuck inside , does Christmas decorating sound good ? Hot cocoa ? Christmas music ? I THINK SO ! YAY ! 
uuuuugh cough be gone ! :D 
GO VIKES ! 
I am putting in my PartyLite candle order , do you need any candles ? If so let me know ! 
ne need any candles ? Placing my partylite order today ! 
free cake from 5-8 @ cold stone ! yum ! 
Busy weekend ! Can't wait to relax ! ;) 
woah who had a great weekend and is only gettig better ? This girl ! OOOmmmm , totally got a slamming new product from PartyLite .. new catalog launches in less than a month ! you've GOT to see the new stuff ! Scentsy's got nothing on PartyLite ! Whoop ! 
Relaxing and watching the snow fall ! Totally packing an emergency pack in case we have horrid driving conditions tomorrow , better safe than sorry right ? lol too bad we can't drink the wine if we go off road .... better pack water too ;) 
I love being home with my hubby and the pups , its so relaxing , except the knowledge that our kitchen is a disaster , but alas , I need something to do tomorrow right ? ;) 
I am SO excited for Pure Romance's Evening of Opportunity ! If you want to be a consultant and want the BEST deal on your < PROPFEMALE > , plus MUCH more , this is the time to let me know and go ! 
Working on earning my trip to Cancun ! Wanna help me out ? Shop our NEW PartyLite catalog and host a party ! 
Its Jammy Christmas Day ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! XD We're lounging in our PJ's all day long ! 
ppl going to Osaka din res is @ 7pm get here n drink @ the bar ! 
book a valentines day party for all your romantic needs ! 
Woah , I HAVE NOT been on Fb and feel a little behind times ... whoops ! 
dunno which coach wristlet to get ... or color ... decisions , decisions ! 
Do u know the logic of 111 today ? 11.1.11 . Take your birth year ( last 2 digits ) + current age +1 = 111 . RePost if it work ! 
my goal for the moment ? De-friend ppl I never ever talk to , hello ! GOAL : 600 
hitting 500 , NICE ! :D if you can't read this ... I deleted you ! 
finished down to 312 ! yay ! 
my arm is killing me :( 
we're moving to Hibbing ! woo :D 
going house shopping in the morning ! yay ! this is fun ! 
I think we found \The One ! \ " yay :D " 
It's just < PROPFIRST > and I tomorrow , what a fabulous thing , no work , no plans , just living for the moment ! LOVE IT ! 
Re-looking at the house tomorrow ! I am so excited ! :D 
signed our lives away today ! :) Pics to upload later :) 
we got the house as long as they get their house ... ohh the waiting game :) 
Mothers Day present , DONE ! Yay for being ahead of the game ! haha new mission for tonight : Greek ( YaY ) & UGH ... dishes ... lame 
Suffering fro a < PROPFEMALE > bit of vertigo ..... not fun , what is fun though , is the sellers wanting to move up our selling date ! Yay ! I do believe this house may be ours for reals ! 
Fun and weird evening tonight , some but not much drama . I am FINALLY going to bed after tending to the ... sick . It is going to be a very very long day tomorrow , I have mixed feelings about it ! :/ 
I am now a first time homebuying pro , the class was sooo long yesterday , and I HATE going to events that are in casinos ! Why would you put events in high smoke zones , I almost died . :D Seriously though , I forgot what we used to deal with all the time , so glad smoking bans went into effect . 
