is visiting back in the ' Burgh . Boy is it cold out ! I don't like this weather in the 70s . I can't wait to see as many friends as I can while I'm here . 

is hoping that all of my former classmates that are at the reunion this weekend have a great time ! Sorry I can't be there . 
just had my heart broken today . Feeling pretty awful . 
is grateful for the wonderful friends and family that give me so much strength . Thank you ! I love you all so much !!! 
My studying is done for the night ! Yeah !!!! 
Back from Cocoa Beach . < PROPMALE > out there today watching a surfing competition and working on my tan . What an awesome day !!! 
Have class tonight at 6 then the football game to watch at Broken Barrel immediately afterwards . Go Steelers !!! 
is hoping these clouds clear up for at least a little while today . We're supposed to be spending the day at the beach . 
Spent Saturday afternoon on the beach then out that night with the girls , now it's back to real life ... 3 exams this week plus gotta find a job soon . 
Just when I was thinking my life couldn't get any worse , there it did . 
After an afternoon pity-party , I'm trying to pick myself up by my bootstraps . 
Lets go Steelers !!!!! 
heading to the beach to get some reading for school done 
Let's Go Steelers !!!!! Woohoo ! 
To all of my family and friends back in Pittsburgh , I miss you . That goes for everyone else I haven't seen or talked to in while also . 
I have a job interview Monday morning ! Please pray for me . I haven't been able to find a job in my field since February . 
Keep this going ! Heavenly Father , as we embark upon this a new year , I first wish to thank you for all your wonderful blessings . Please walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses & please watch & protect my family & friends . In Jesus name , Amen ! This prayer is so powerful , stop what you're doing & set to your status . Watch what He'll do !! Believe & receive 
I jumped on a pickle in my car because I'm NOT crazy . 
Had a job interview two days ago . Should know sometime next week if I got the job . Please please please dear God let me get this one ! I think I'd be a great fit for the position and the organization ... we shall see what they think ! 
No explanation required ... I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
WITHOUT God our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , and Shatterday .... Seven days without God makes one Weak . ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status . ) God is good all the time 
I need neighbors on Island Life . My cousin works on the graphics . I can't grow unless you guys sign on as neighbors !!!! Please help me ! 
We have all lost family , friends , or loved ones .......... Today is the International Day against cancer . In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer and for all those who fought and won or continue to fight to win . 93% of you will not copy and paste this text ; I am proud to be part of the 7% who will 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if you're car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend !!! 
PLEASE HELP FIGHT THESE SCAMS ! Mafia Wars and Farmville Friends , please stop joining groups , they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook , you WILL NOT get anything free . Zynga , Mafia Wars and Farmville have already advised that they are NOT the originators of these scams . Please copy and repost . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence . My first concert was Aerosmith at Starlake Amphitheater back in 1994 . I was 23 . What a great time ! 
I have a job interview in 2 hours for a job I applied for last October . They had put the position on hold until now . Please please please let me get this !!! I REALLY need a job ! 
Heading to the beach for the afternoon ! 
Happy Easter ! 
A soldier , sailor , airman , < PROPFEMALE > , or coast \ 
guardsman is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check \ 
made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and \ 
including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many \ 
people in this country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy \ 
and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . ( Enough Said !!! ) 
Hope all moms and future moms had a wonderful mother's day ! 
Thanks to everyone for the warm birthday wishes ! It was a great day ! Went out with friends Saturday night , brunch with Dad , and Mom made lasagna for dinner . Oh , and by the way , I'm in Pittsburgh this week !!!! 
Planning on heading down to Station Square tonight . Thinking about going to Bar < PROPFIRST > . Anyone have any other suggestions ? 
Meeting up at 8 pm at Bar < PROPFIRST > . Anyone want to join us ? 
Woohoo ! I got a job !!!!! Thanks to everyone for their prayers . 
So happy with my new job at Odyssey Charter School !!!! Kids were back to school today . All in all was a pretty wonderful day seeing all of their faces . 
Fun day ahead ... working on a research paper . Not quite my favorite way to spend a Saturday . This paper is worth half my grade in one of my classes so I have to do a great job . That said , I suppose I should get working on it ! 
Just submitted my research proposal/paper for my Parapsychology class . Whew ! Turned it in 16 minutes before the deadline . That was the most intense research paper I have ever done . It's worth 50% of my grade . Pushing for As in all of my other classes . Just hoping to pass this one . 
I have pink eye . One of the many fun things I've now experienced working in a school ! 
Finals week . Ugh . 
Was planning on visiting Pittsburgh in January for a weekend . Change of plans- I'll be there between Christmas and New Year's! Won't be there for either holiday , but still can't wait to see all my family and friends !!! 
3yr\ 
old : \Mommy 
Just got my grades for the semester . Working full-time and school full-time , I got a 4.0 !!!!! :-) Woohoo ! 
Remember what Christmas is about - Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was ... buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Repost if you believe ? 
Nice visit to Pittsburgh . So happy to see the family and friends who I got to see , sorry I didn't get to see everyone . Cannot wait to be back home with < PROPMALE > though ! I miss you so much !!! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSEON'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Long day at work . Had a 3 hour class tonight . Now to take a quiz for another class . Tuesdays are not my favorite day . :( 
