wow life i great having a blast in SC with < PROPFEMALE > 

going to atlanta GA tomorrow :) 
hangin out with my bro on our b-bay 
enjoying the rain 
finally going to collage bout dam time lol 
start class tomrow 
< PROPFEMALE > far collage is sweet 
class wasent to bad today 
just got done with english going to get a bit to eat 
i cant stand people who think there beter than me they act like there shit dont stink . god it fucken pisses me off 
its funny how u think u kno someone and u havent seen them in awile and they talk shit . 2 faced 
sooo tired 
long day going to bead 
< PROPMALE > i think i left my cell in ur room try to find it 
just got done with my report woot woot 
wow 
i fear no evil , i fear not even death , for my only fear is to be forever alone . 
today was good met some cool people , like < PROPFEMALE > she is from ukrian , she is very good at < PROPFEMALE > pong lol 
as i see you from day to day , my soul begins to faint , for i am lost and awaiting for you to find me . 
woot woot its been 2 weeks and 2 days since i quit smoking cigs i feel great also i began to run and work out ill be looking real good in a few months 
tonight i dream of your beauty , 
how does one define him or her self . would it be there morals or there true values . TRUTH & HONOR 
going to the game 
chellen like a villen with my home boys lol 
working hard on my speech 
falling like a < PROPFEMALE > does on the darkest night 
today has been a trying day on my mind . to let one know your past is a hard thing to do . 
today's day was not a bad day nor a great day but a full day it was , to share in one life is to know them 
as the world spins so does i , in my mind i see the truth as the truth see me or does it see you ? 
today's the day i see your true colors . 
as i said before i found out the true feelings and now i must start again 
it is sad when feelings for another cant come true 
all the days go bye sooo fast but soon the time will slow when i find the one to show my true self to end the pain that which begain 
today is going slow 
racquetball is frecken sweet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
all i can do is sit and watch the bottles fill with rain its not sain Blind Melons baby check out the band and look for the bumble < PROPFEMALE > 
woot woot scored a 95 % on my history test only missed 2 out of 40 
watching papillon its asome 
going to watch the new x men movie wolverean 
todays been a very long day going to bed . sweet dreams everyone . 
when does the shade become my friend and keep me cool 
i love the rain 
sooo much for the long days now is the time of short days its going to get cold soon 
How can i feel the way i feel when i see you feel the way you feel in the deepest of times throughout which i can not see as i see you 
today was frecking cold brrrrr !!!!!!! but i love the changing of the seasons 
i only see you often but when i do memories come back to me but only for a moment . we had good and bad times . rember yamg !!! 
loves these kind of days 
its been 1 month an 2 weeks of no smoaking i got it wiped now woot woot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
tired of being s-a-i-j 
is studying for hist test for tomrow yyyaaaaa lol 
i havent been < PROPFEMALE > fucked up in long time , monday wow i was gone 
such small thing's affect me so much 
woot woot hc geting fucked up 
braveheart is the best movie ever made 
bed time early day tomrow 
the days go by so fast soon we will have no time at all for the days can be endless as i am by your side but soon youll see the time we spend will forever be our memories 
try to think of ones feelings but afraid to act , is it what drives me to you or you to me , questions that are to hard to answer but feelings can be the truth 
long day but fun 
every time i look apon the night sky i see the dreams , dreams of my mind , dancing with the stars within my dreams 
why cant you understand me 
long day but had < PROPFEMALE > much fun with my friends 
studing for 2 test tomrow long but fun i leave you with this , live life long and treasure the days we have 
how can one see the truth when the truth is blined by feelings why does most resest their feelings so then the truth will never show its self 
couldent be happyer 
FOOD 
happyness 
life is but a dream , when we can see the truth in our dreams , is when we can make sense of our own reailty . 
lost my phone :( 
trying to get the one i love happy :) 
back to school i missed it so much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
long day 
LOVE my girl more than anything :) she gives me peace 
bord 
love is in the air and i am taking a deep breath 
bored in global issues 
why can't life alow us to love and live with the one person who we are ment to be with :( sad day 
Russian midterm this friday o boy wish me luck :) 
sooooo tired lol work sucks big ones 
Russian final tommrow :) 
yaaa i finshed my russian 2 final and i think i really well on it :) 
It's hard to say this but i do feel alone and i wish i was with my < PROPFEMALE > Love you baby !!!! Kisses 
Miss mt girl 
Miss my girl :( 
Life wow its hard 
Well I finally sold my < PROPFIRST > lol I GET TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL YYAAA I am super happy I was worryed for a moment :) 
Sometimes I think I can control Life but then life it smacke's me in the face , all I know is the Love I have with you is what I need most ! She is my everything the love of my life ! My dreams are yours my life is in your heart all I want is you in my arms !!!!!! Love you Kateryna Forynna Kisses baby xoxoxoxoxo miss you so much 
Miss my swett < PROPFEMALE > ! If I had only one wish it would be for me to hold you in my arms :) Love you baby Kisses xoxoxoxoxo 
Life Love I am so lucky to have both Love you so much my special girl kisses baby ill see you soon !!!!!!!!! :) 
Miss my girl so much :( 
Love my girl more than anything cant wait to see her !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I only want one thing in life and that is my love to be in my arms 
does anyone up here at west < PROPFEMALE > know how to 3D mapping or layout some type of design ??????????????? let me know if there is thanks 
Still seeking help for my project , need to find some who know 3D animation , or some type 3D < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!! 
it getting cold bbbuuuuurrrrrrrrrr 
Its cold but I love the rain , makes me want to read or sleep :) 
Love my baby 
Rainy rainy days :) 
Had a blast playing racket ball dam tennis players are GOOD !!!! lol next time it will be a different story 
Looking for some opponents for racket ball let me know if anyone is interested ? :) 
I can finally give my poor brain a break ! This week has been crazy none stop hitting the books . I think I am going to take a nice long nap :) I need it ! 
Today is a cold day burrr but its a good day :) 
Love\ 
you baby miss you so much sweet heart !!!! Your the air I breath , the \ 
warmth in my soul , the courage in my heart , the passion in my eyes , and \ 
the love ill always need ! 
I see you walking about during my days , I see you in my dreams at night , I see your smile when i close my eyes , but for all you are- you are my heart ! These days can be sad without you by my side , for memories are what keeps me alive , till the day your back at my side !!!!!!!!!!! 46 more days baby just 46 more :) 
I have a SMART , SMOKING HOT , BEAUTIFUL GIRLFRIEND !!! And she is 8,000 < PROPMALE > away :( I Love you baby miss you so much 39 more days and ill be there ! :) :) :) :) 
HERE WE GOOOOO Exam day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well the week for me is finally over and I don't feel to great about any of the exams I took this week :( maybe I did better than I think idk but I put tons of time in each one ! 
Ill see my girl in 30 DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Love you sweet heart 
Miss my girl so so much :( need her !!! 
When its cold outside its you I need to hold , when its rains I think of you , when times are hard its your love that pulls me through , when i don't understand it's your wisdom that guides me ! < PROPFEMALE > your the Love of my life and you will always be in my heart , thoughts , and dreams . Miss you baby kisses . 
Ill Love you now , Ill Love you tomorrow , Ill Love you in my dreams , for all the nights and days we are apart my Love for you never fades , the Love I have for you is stronger than anything this world can throw at us . My girl , my baby , my life . Love you sweet heart ! ? ????? ????, ???????? ???! 
The days are moving faster as I wait for the time we can hold one another again , Not seeing you pains me to no end , My heart longs to held by your love , kind smile , and soft loving hands . Your love gives me courage to get push through the hardest of times . Love you always baby ill see you very soon 17 more days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Kisses my darling Love 
OOOOOO BOY !!!!!! My poor brain :( 
I AM DONE WITH FINALS :) now its time to go see a special someone who has been waiting for me for such a long time ! 4 DAYS baby just 4 more days kisses 
Tomorrow is the big DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sitting here at the airport waiting for my flight to Chicago , from there to Frankfurt , then finally Kiev :) going to see my Love finally :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CRAP is the airport expensive geeezzzz 2.13 for a bottle of pop wow 
With the girl of my dreams and I couldn't be happier :) Love my < PROPFEMALE > so much !!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) :) :) :) 
I am home but I am sad !!!! :( Miss my < PROPFEMALE > so much need her always with me 
Miss you baby so much need you ! 
Need my girl so much\ 
\ 
my light , my soul , my ever lasting happiness 
Ok everyone I finally got all the videos and pictures uploaded from my trip if you want to check them out feel free :) 
Just played some bad ass racket ball !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
