What a night ... Happy New Year everyone !!!! I think this year is gonna be great ! 

Going to get a massage today ! I'm so excited . I have never been so pampered . 
Trying to figure out if Finny is saying stop , top , hey < PROPMALE > let's shop ? 
Excited to dance ! 
What a awesome day in the sun ! 
What an awesome day in the sun ! 
Filled out my Fafsa . Finally going to school ! 
A man and a woman had a little baby . There were three in the family . That's a magic number . 
What an amazing day ! I love my family . Thanks for playing with me and Finny all day ! 
Pulled a hamstring or something . Ugh my weak legs ! 
My baby makes me the happiest person ever . Its bliss when she takes her first step and starts dancing ! She is definitely my baby . 
Going to watch a play in frenchtown . Its gonna be fun ! 
Happy mothers day ! I would especially dedicate this to all the moms of babies who can't say it yet . 
Did everyone get to see the \m\ " turned into \ " mom\ " today ? So cool ! " 
Aaah ! 
Take a step back and let someone else make the mistake . I do it all the time ! Ya ya 
Gorgeous sunshine ! 
Great Sunday with the family at the river . Nice way to end the weekend . Oh and a picnic ! 
Hope Finny feels better today and is back to bring a great happy baby . 
Swimming at currents with Finny today ! Its gonna be a blast ! 
Of course I have to have a medical issue when everything is closed for the holiday . Ugh ! 
Is having an overload of emotions . 
There's some of < PROPMALE>'s romance in me ... I romanticise a lot of things in my mind ... 
“Love is not blind ; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see . ” 
Watching avatar with Finny . I would totally fit in on pandora . 
Sunburn and watermelon go hand in hand 
Baseball and squirtgun fight too ! Awesome summer day ! 
Fair weather friend , where are you when I really need you ? Oh wait , that's right . 
Walked 15 laps at the relay for life tonight . Finny and I are pooped ! 
Thinking about going to the water park today to let Finny run around and get wet ! 
Finny just had her first speech therapy session and I think its gonna be great ! Time to start communicating little one . 
Is having more bad days than good and starting to lose my positivity . I need a refresher . ??? 
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya . ;) 
Monkey killing monkey , killing monkey over pieces of the ground . Silly monkeys , given thumbs they make a club and beat their brother down . How they've survived so misguided is a mystery . 
I consider myself a very patient person . But < PROPFEMALE > can only go so far I guess . Too much < PROPFEMALE > has rendered me lost so now I guess I consider myself searching ! Which is ok by me . 
Need a fix now ! Ha ! Coffee 
Hiccup ! 
\It is better to dream about a love because that way you'll always be together . And that love will always be forever . \"" 
Baby you can drive my car ! 
I do believe that you and me could be so happy and free , inside a world of misery . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's notcontagious . They want what we all wan t-t o be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this ... is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding ! 
Busy weekends are great ! 
Alberton peeps ? When is railroad days and what time ? Anyone in the parade ? 
Railroad days parade and petting zoo ... were coming for you . Better be ready . 
Birds of a feather flock together ... 
Just singed my arm hair lighting the barbecue . Wow ! 
Enjoying my Friday outside with Finny . Playing in the water and loving it ! 
Big day tomorrow ! Farmers market , birthday party for majenzie ' seeing my sister and family and then hanging out with friends ! 
Still waters run deep . 
I need an assistant . I can't even remember half of the things I need to do . Ugh ! 
So relieved ! Don't have to worry about that any MORE ! Yay ! 
Is wearing two left contacts today . Fail ... 
<3 
Great day in missoula ! Farmers market , river , hike and nap . We will see what tomorrow brings . Lots of fun I'm sure ! ;) 
From now on , I shoot without a script . 
Bbq ! Yeah 
Laugh hard , its a long way to the bank . 
I guess my feet know where they want me to go . 
Took Finny to the park to play now gonna get ready to go out with my girl ! 
Going to butte to see family today . Its gonna be a great time ! 
Feels like a bad ass ! Just got some crap taken care of that was not cool . Power to me yeah ! 
Got everything chopped and ready to make tacos only to find no taco mix . No ! Odd to the store I go . 
Ready for the next big step . College here I come ! Get ready . 
Let your freak flag fly everybody . 
Today I lost one of the best companions I have ever had . My baby kitten , who was always at my side . You will be greatly missed kameha . 
Nervous and excited for college orientation tomorrow . Its gonna be a busy day ! 
Got pooped on by a bird in orientation . Let's take this as a good sign . Ha ! 
Has already worked 3 and a half hours , gone to one class , and is going to take a short nap before loading the fam in the car to run errands , then go to second class and hopefully get my books . Hope every day isn't this crazy . I'm exhausted just thinking about all this stuff ! 
first friday for me and the fam tonight . Gonna go check out Beeks ' mom's < PROPMALE > . 
arg ............... positive , staying positive . 
Holy Moly peeps ! you guys all warmed my soul with all the love on my birthday . You rock my socks off ! Thank you ! <3 
Watching some funny movies with my family and having a great time ! So glad for weekend nights . 
Helped the fam get a truckload of firewood today , had awesome pulled pork sandwiches , then mushy plum wars to finish it off ! Besides being beaned in the chest with a not so mushy plum , my day was awesome ! 
owls look so cozy with their big puffy feathers 
im wondering where the instructor is for my class . slacker . 
i like my solitude in small but frequent doses 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and WOULD NOT change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about .. whatever they gave up , and in ... stead LOVED what they got/get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your KIDS 
wow some people 
Whether they are Fake (- )( -) Perfect ( o)(o)Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even Grandma's old \\./\\./ Big ( o )( o ) or Small (.) (.) Save them all ! Re-post for Breast Cancer Awareness month 
I know the pieces fit . 
Hold a true friend with both your hands . -- Nigerian Proverb\ 
A friend hears the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails . -- Anonymous 
excited to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Its gonna be a fantastic week . 
Probably not going downtown anymore . Over it ! Too much drama and crimes . 
hahahahahahahahaha , wow . amazing . Well , didnt happen like I thought but oh well . Life has its little surprises . 
OMG !!!!!!! They returned my wallet !!!!! Things are looking up already !!!!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5anLPw0Efmo 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVWca0h49-I 
K gotta get off this thing and go figure out my life !!!!!! 
yay ! I can do these things now and not even care !!!!! YAYAYAYA ! 
had a great dream about mr right ! Im excited to know my future is open for so many things still . :) 
Just took Finny to her first day at preschool . Stayed for a few hours to watch . We were both bawling when I left . \ 
I miss her . 
Couldn't the strep throat wait until I have time ? Guess not huh . 
It's the last word so put a period on it and move on . This is some great advice for me today . 
How many appointments can I have in a month ?????? Geeeeeze . And the paperwork is no bueno either . When is my vacation to the bahamas ? 
I was relieved to see Finny so happy at her birthday bash today . We have had a rough few weeks and were able to just have some fun !!! Turned out good and everyone had fun . 
the wind across the footbridge is like ice on my face . ooo ... winter is upon us . sure is pretty though . 
chocolate is my new lover . < PROPMALE > , youve been replaced . chocolate , i look forward to our future together . 
sigh ... love my math class 
Cant believe I just walked to school in this crazy weather . And I'm gonna do it again in about four hours . Makes me love warmth that much more , and hot coffee !!!!! 
what the heck ? a tootheache for thanksgiving . i will pass thank you . arg ! 
Put up the Christmas llights ... Love it !!! I am so excited to get more decorations . Oh and a tree of course ... 
Sick of the mounting homework . I wish I could catch up fast ! But I guess I'll just be catching up until the end of the semester !!!!!!!!!!! 
ok so if everyone else could work with me this all would be lots easier . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? \ 
To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your\ 
friends to do the same 
My horoscope told me I'm creepy and I scare people ! HAHAHAHA ! Awesome ... 
Send me a number from 1-1000 to my inbox and I will say how I feel about you on my status 
#99 !!!! We should < PROPFEMALE > out more and junk . We have had some crazy times together and I'm sorry about the ghosts ! Ha , your like a sister and your family will always be my family . Love you !!! 
#33 I cant beleive we have known each other so long ! You are a great mom and have beautiful children . Thank you for being there for me even though we rarely talk . You are an awesome gal ! 
Good dreams ! Now to start my friday on a high note . 
Its too late to apologize . Its too late ... 
Having a lazy day , chilling with Finny and veggin out . Also because my feet need the rest . 
sunday brunch ! 
I asked Finny to give me a high five and she said no and gave me kisses instead . What a doll ! 
\I am empowered by the passion of my own potential and I transform through self-discipline . \"- right on target for this chick . " 
Getting ready to start another busy day ... hope I have some time to relax some time this week ! Oh yeah , sledding tomorrow yay ! 
sitting at < PROPMALE > schwab for an hour waiting ... at least finny is asleep and got her nap in for the day ! 
going around town to look at christmas lights with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! yay to christmas ! 
~ Vanity and pride are different things , though the words are often used synonymously . A person may be proud without being vain . Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves , vanity to what we would have others think of us . ~ \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Austen 
Wow ... thanks for the love !!!!!!! Goodnight :) Hope everyone has awesome dreams cuz I sure will . 
So ready for school to start already . I need to keep busy . Or maybe a good book . Anyone know a good one ? 
Cuz I'm a BOSS ! 
If it weren't for the last minute , I wouldn't get anything done . ~ Author Unknown 
Sunshine !!! 
Surprised today is going very good dispite the fact that i got a cold , and my eyes are not cooperating ... but happy anyways . :) 
Mountain Dew does crazy things to me :) 
I really need to get my head outta the clouds . School starts again in just over a week and i am totally distracted ! 
Dancing with Finny ! Cute ! 
Poor Finny is sick again . Im excited for cold and flu season to be over ! Poor girl . 
I know the peices fit , I know the peices fit ... 
Actions speak louder than words ... right ? 
The sun is teasing me . Im stuck in Target and its beaming outside . Hope it stays a while . 
Vicariously I live ... 
Got my books today , ready for monday :) 
First day of classes went good . Im excited to get all A's again and learn . Poor Finny is sick again today and thank god emiloo is here to help ! :) 
Spent some time with my stepdad working on my car today , didn't realize how much I missed him . :) 
< PROPMALE > ATTACK !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
Great day for up ! 
The elevator to success is out of order . You'll have to use the stairs ... one step at a time . - < PROPFIRST > Girard 
Put Finny to bed , now time for homework , and eventually a little sleep myself . 
Hopefully today goes by fast , this week has been dragging on . 
It's big and full and happy .... and it's red . 
Movie , food , good beer , and great friends !!! Ready , set , go ! 
haha yes please ! 
Ouch it hurts so good haha . 
Coffee is amazing ! 
It will be so great when we were done going to the doctor every other week . Poor Finny needs a break from being sick . 
Vegas is calling ... 
Bowling sounds fun ! 
Woke up with Finny feet in my face . Cute ... 
Has some crazy blonde moments ... oooppppsssss ! :) 
SPRING FEVER PEOPLE !!!!!! 
Sunshine and warm weather on this amazing singles awareness day haha ! Happy Valentines everybody . ;) 
Gave Finny her dancing monkey for Valentines and she ran away screaming , \NOOOOO !!!!! \ " haha . Well at least she loved her other stuff . " 
Sometimes you got to squeeze ! Sometimes you got to say please ! 
The snow is no longer my friend ... this year anyhow . 
Dancing is in order ... and soon !!! 
Homemade lasagna with great friends !!!!!!! Couldn't be happier :) 
Today is very blah . 
Finny has RSV now . :( I will rejoice when this season finally leaves us alone . 
Spending the night in the hospital . Finny is having a hard time breathing . 
So , after a very long night , Finny is doing better and has been able to stay awake , might have to stay at the hospital again tonight but I hope not . She ended up having RSV and viral pneumonia . 
Going HOME !!!!! WOOHOO ! 
Thanks everyone for the thoughts and prayers . Finny is doing better and is happy to be home and watching < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Has a happy toddler again :) 
Im having a five < PROPFEMALE > day ! I wonder if this means the sun and warm weather are about to come in ... I can dream . 
Frustrated ... but I know everything will turn out . I just have to be patient which is hard for me . Today just isnt my day . 
Thinking about making yummy cookies ... that should warm us up real good ! 
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground . ~ Author Unknown 
Busy busy ... the only way to be . 
Being at the dentist today was like a horror film . Drilling on my teeth with no numbness at all ! 
blueberry :) 
I need to go on a hike . Damn snow !!! 
Waiting for an awesome surprise package in the mail !!! AAAHHHH The suspense is killing me ! :) 
What goes around comes around ... good or bad . 
How do you measure a year ? 
Got home from work today and had TWO packages waiting for me . I have the best friends in the world !!! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > B ! And now off to look at them some more haha . 
Great picture session and now dinner and drinks with some good friends > good friday :) 
My two year olds favorite thing to do is dance on the wii or play games on the ipod . She is already ahead of me in the technology department . :) 
Another paper bites the dust :) Yesss I am awesome ! 
Five < PROPFEMALE > day , and it sure is too ! 
I guess it could have been a lot worse ... positive thinker right here ! :) 
Everyone stay off the roads . I am driving a tahoe and it could get crazy haha ! 
~ It is well for the heart to be naive and for the mind not to be . ~ 
Shouldn't ride my bike through the mud , not pretty haha . But what a gorgeous day for a bike ride :) 
I was expecting just that ... 
If you wonder where your child left his roller skates , try walking around the house in the dark . ~ Leopold Fechtner\ 
So true :) 
Stone of Accord for dinner ? I think yes ! 
Back to black :) Or maybe I should do purple !! Probably not ... 
I know you better than I know myself ... you are a part of me . <3 
3 Shots of espresso and Im ready for my quiz . Gonna be a great day today ! 
If looks could kill ... avoid direct eye contact with me today . 
Great time at the park even though it was kinda cold . Thanks friends for coming to play with us . :) 
Pretty sure I am going to see A Perfect Circle . Not even a question ! I am sooooo super excited !!! I love MJK !! 
Hope Finny feels better soon . Another fever , may take a trip to the doctor today . :( 
Good friends , good food , finny is feeling better ... pretty much just a great day ! :) 
Might be getting sucker punched tonight . Who knows what the night will bring haha ! 
Being picked up and spun around is fun ... but it definitely does not improve my bowling haha ! 
Note to self ... fox club is always fun ! 
So easy to ignore the things that could radically change your life . Staying strong and hoping to be able to stay on my path . Where there is a will , there is a way . 
It's been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy and you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
“Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . ” 
\A dream is a wish your heart makes . \"~ Cinderella :) " 
Dont worry , about a thing . Cuz every little thing , gonna be alright !!! <3 
Tomorrow is going to be a celebration of my health I just know it ! Optimist right here . 
I danced with my dog while sliding down a hill because I'm cool like that ! 
Good morning ! 
Is in tip top shape !!! 
I can taste you on my lips ... 
Captain 
Just wanna cuddle with Finny all day . I need a vacation ... 
Finny likes her new power wheel car but only if mommy stays bent over to push the button the whole time . Ouch my back hurts but at least she is happy haha ! 
Made yummy cookies . Now off to a potluck :) Then , early bedtime haha . 
Finny licks things , like balloons and my shoe , then says , \mmmmm ... spicy ! \"" 
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly . You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double < PROPFEMALE > and stick-out teeth , but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely . ~ Roald Dahl 
Finny blew Mommy kisses when I dropped her off today ! What a way to kick off the day :) 
Soooooo frustrated with tantrums !!!!!! Terrible twos are not fun ! 
I know eventually things will get easier , just gotta keep on truckin'! 
Dont forget to stop and smell the flowers ! In between work , school , and children of course :) 
Is kickin ' some serious butt today !!! Yeah coffee ! 
:) 
< PROPFEMALE > Baxter is coming to stay with me for a whole week ! I am so happy !!! 
Sure is a five < PROPFEMALE > day !!! 
Came home from work today and there was a gift box waiting for me !!!! Thank you for the necklace < PROPFEMALE > B !!!! I feel so special :) 
Staggering Ox for lunch , quick stop at target , rattlesnake trail and then the Circus ! And its GORGEOUS OUTSIDE !! Couldn't ask for a better day . <3 
