is soooo happy the work day is over and the work week over half way , finally ! 

Today WILL be better . It has to be , right ?! 
is hoping the rain will end before the football game tonight . Rival Game @ River . JRHS vs . LBHS ! Go Knights ! 
is at work and it is definately Monday . My buddies are starting training today . I can't wait until they are out . I missed them dearly ! 
is in a really good , bouncy mood today . No reason either . Cool , I'll take it for as long as I can . 
was so excited to get home at a decent hour . No Football Practice !! But now I am giveing a friend a ride home from work and she works til 8pm in Roanoke ! I'm sad now ... 
is ready for Friday ! This week has been way too much stress . I need a break and a stiff drink ! 
is ready for bed . 6am will come too soon . Thanks to Football games , I get up earlier on the weekend than through the week ! That should be against the law ! lol :) Nite Everybody ! Stay safe ! 
Well , we didn't beat Cave Springs but the boys played a great game . I am currently missing the U of M game cuz I don't get 13 out here in the sticks , UHHH ! But I hear we are beating ND soundly right now . WooHoo ! 
~ U of M wins ! Go Blue ! Hokies won too ! WooHoo ! lol 
~ Can I have one peaceful weekend ? Please ?! 
Man , these games can be addictive !! I have to go to bed . Nite . 
can't wait for the football game tonight . I think < PROPFIRST > will get to try a new position on defense . We need a win ! 
I have to give up my car for I don't know how long . It needs to be wet sanded and buffed . I'm sad , but it will shine when I get it back . Yay ! 
I'm on my way to the game . I have a feeling that I am going to freeze ! Maybe not . Cheering can keep a person warm lol 
so glad school is out Mon and Tue . Gives me a good excuse to take some time off and sleep in lol . Sunday night football is starting . Gotta go ! 
Finally , Friday ! Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s for a Girls Night . See Ya ! 
I am so ready to go home and crawl into bed . I feel drained . I better not be getting this bug going around work . I don't have time to be sick ! 
in a few minutes I will be free !! Yay ! 
People cannot drive ! 55 in the fast < PROPFIRST > of I-81 ? Really ?! I have a need , a need for speed lol . At least it's Friday . Everyone have a great day ! 
I'm so sleepy . Thank God it's time to go home in 14 mins ! 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thanks to all that keep us safe ! 
I'm off work for the rest of the week . Fam's coming in from MI and TN so probably won't be online much . Everyone have a Safe and Happy Thanksgiving . 
The time off was much needed and so much fun . The fam is great . Food , of course , was great . Can't wait to see them again , hopefully over Christmas . Now back to work . 
Day 3 of training class and I am losing it . I'm grateful to be chosen , but is it Friday yet ? 
Can't wait for the long weekend to start . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
Hope everyone had a great Christmas . Back to work tomorrow for the last week of the year . Can't believe it's almost over . Where did it go ? 
Last day of work this week . What will I do with another long weekend ? RELAX !!! lol 
Happy New Years everybody !!! 
Pink ;) 
Almost time for the basketball scrimmage @ CAMS . Then more cleaning and laundry . Just another Saturday in the neighborhood :) 
Ready for a party with the girls . It's so long overdue ! 
Back home . < PROPFIRST > and I had a nice reunion . I didn't realize how much I missed him lol . I'm not looking forward to overtime . 12 hour days ! What was I thinking ?? 
Working til 8:30 . Amazingly , I'm not stressin it yet . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > ---- Love it !! 
Had a blast at < PROPMALE > E Cheese's . Maybe roller skating next weekend . I'm not ready to go back to work yet ! 2 12 hour days coming up . 
I hope I can't make it to work tomorrow . A long weekend would make everything better . 
Finishing the housework and then gonna watch some movies . Any suggestions ? 
BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings !!!! 
We're up here getting snowed in and tomorrow Nascar starts in Daytona . Then the Superbowl in Miami Sunday . I'm in the wrong state ! LOL 
For one moment .... think about someone special in your life who has passed .... someone who has touched your life and made a difference . Honor that person by copying this message and posting it in your status .... remind yourself and others that , as long as we remember ..... they will live in our hearts forever .... 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > Haim is dead . I loved him growing up . So sad ... 
Happy Easter everybody ! It is so beautiful outside . A big improvement ! 
I sent some requests for friends for my son < PROPFIRST > . He needs neighbors on Farmville so if you play , please add him . He will help you out on your farm ! Thanks ! 
Finally Friday ! Work then Curves then ..... not sure . 
Home from the Cam's Birthday Party . So much fun ! Finally got to meet some of the fam . < PROPFIRST > can't wait to jump on the trampoline tomorrow . 
I need some more help with my barn raising . Please go to my wall and click the link . Thanks ! 
Monday is over , yay ! Time to go shopping . Seeing as how I am not a huge fan , the day will probably end in irritation . Pray for me lol . 
I just have to ask . Does Dish Network screw up everything ? I can't be the only person that realizes the company is total crap ! IMGH training please !!! 
Finally get to leave . I thought work today would never end . Almost looking forward to housework when I get home ... 
Back at the \State\ " . Hope today is quiet . " 
Can't wait for the long weekend . Will I make it ? Not too sure right now . 
Let the festivities begin . Work week officially over ... long weekend ... today is looking up ! Everyone have a Wonderful and Safe Memorial Day Weekend ! 
Why does it seem like we work harder on the weekend ? Especially when its a long holiday weekend ? 
Too tired for this today . 
Another day of flashing lights ?! It's not Christmas people ! 
This is ridiculous ! Long weekends make for hellish weeks after . 
If I make it thru today I may just get to enjoy a \relaxing\ " long weekend . Here's hoping lol . " 
Carshow has been a blast . Time for dinner and trophies . Then party at the hotel . 
Can't wait for tonight . The official end of the baseball season . Small rest and then soccer . 
I am loving this weather ! Not too hot , not too cool and occassional thunder and lightning displays . Simply Perfect ! 
Back at work . Hope to goes by fast . 
is feeling depressed . Trying to believe that everything happens for a reason . The reason better become apparent quickly though , I need a pick me up . 
Pools aren't nearly as fun when they have no water . Working hard , wishing I had a pool to cool off in LOL ! 
God Bless the USA ! Hope everyone had a great 4th . 
Another Monday bites the dust ! YAY ! 
How many of us REALLY know our FB friends ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me , no matter how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ! 
I'm tired of trying to sincerely compliment people and getting either negative feedback or a wary response . I'm torn between believing I don't give out enough compliments so when I do the person is speachless , or people just having a hard time accepting them these days and/or always think something is attached . I'm trying to lift your spirits and make you smile and I won't stop so , get over it . ;) 
Good friends , good food , GREAT racing ! Boogity , boogity , boogity ! 
We spread our open hands and he is rising up\ 
\ 
Repairing all that's broken , look at the healing come\ 
We spread our open hands , forgiveness holds them up\ 
We're swept away by this\ 
~ Flyleaf , Swept Away 
Inside , outside and rims on T-Bird are spotless thanks to < PROPFIRST > . Tomorrow just gotta get packed and run some errands . Can't wait to leave for the carshow and drag strip ! 
This weekend was great . The weather was perfect and the people and cars , as always , amazing . 
Back to work after a long weekend . I hope it is a slow day and nothing breaks . 
First day of the 6th grade . When did he get old enough for middle school ? All his teachers are great and the year is going to be wonderful ! 
Almost home . Soccer practice til 9 on Mondays ... boo ! 
Leaving the house . Not ready to conquer the world but hopefully able to conquer a Tuesday at the State lol . 
It's finally that time again . Can't wait til 3:30 when the Michigan Wolverines will start an amazing first season . Go Blue !! 
Wow , Tech looks like UConn in the Michigan game . And that is not a good thing . Pull it together Hokies ! 
I thought they had it , but .... too bad Hokies . 
I am beat . Going to bed . TGTF ( Thank God Tomorrow's Friday !! ) 
Hail to the Victors ! The Wolverines win again . We are on fire this season ! Woot , woot ! 
I have an ear infection and was still going to work . Now < PROPFIRST > is sick . I guess I'm not supposed to make it to work today ... 
Oh and that makes 44 points for Michigan boys and girls ! Woo Hoo ! 
Botetourt Flyboys are still undefeated . And < PROPFIRST > made the last goal . WooHoo ! 
the choices you make don't just influence you , they influence the people around you . So put a smile on your face and choose to be happy :) 
Finally get to say goodbye to work for Tuesday ! 
And another Michigan touchdown !!!!! Woot , woot ! 
Michigan wins first Big Ten Game vs . Illinois 42-35 . We're on fire ! 
Good Monday Morning ! Time to do it all again people . Have a great day ! 
I like it on the kitchen table . 
Don't take life too seriously ; No one gets out alive ;P 
Time to go home YAY ! Now soccer , dinner , homework ..... I think that's all lol 
Awesome night . Dinner and monopoly and we are all still friends lol . That's real right there . Can't wait til tomorrow :) 
Its mommys week , copy and post the first time you became a mommy ......... August 3rd , 1998 3:53 pm 
And again I'm a piece of sh*t wife and mother . Why do I even try ??? 
So glad it is finally Friday . Another day this week would have broken me for sure . Do the freakin happy dance ! :P 
I hate paydays that end in me handing my whole check plus some over to my landlord ... 
Back at work . Hope everything goes well today , I'm a little out of practice lol . 
I have had a rought day at work , but I still smile everytime I remember - Pelosi is out :D hahaha !! 
Going out with < PROPFEMALE > L . for lunch . We haven't been out in awhile , should be fun ! 
Really , it's still Monday ??? I am so done with this work week already !!! 
Going to bed early . Nite FB peoples ! 
Life is not the way it's supposed to be . It's the way it is . The way you cope with it is what makes the difference . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Hope your day is filled with family , friends , good food and laughter ! 
If the whole game looks like this , I'll be very happy . Go Blue ! 
Finally Friday ! So glad it's here , can't wait for 5:30 : 0 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope your day was filled with friends , family , food and presents . 
Just went you think you have everything figured out and things are working , everything goes crazy once again . I'm so tired of crazy ... 
Good morning FB ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! I did have a great day , thanks ! 
Finally got the hi speed back . Huge difference between 300kbps and 6mb ! Forgot how it felt to have a good connection lol . 
Feel like crap . So does < PROPMALE > . Not good . 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > Bayne ! Gotta be the best day ever winning the Daytona 500 at 20 yrs old ! Wow ! 
Great ! Now the voices in my head have started saying Press 1 if you want to hear this message in English ! 
Officially the weekend YAYYYYY !!!!! 
Think you can or think you can't , either way you are correct . ~ < PROPFIRST > Ford 
I kicked a squirrel in line at the bank because my family thinks I'm stupid anyway . 
