Hope the Year is the BEST of them all Happy New Year everyone and GOd Bless and for < PROPFIRST > ( this is hebrew for God Bless ) ?????? ??? 

I have finely seen why every one like country music it Rockes 
I am sooooo excited i am going on the Steubenville Youth Conference and cant wait to see what all the hype was about last year . realy hope it is a good time i have such High expations and do not want it to really suck 
hey < PROPFEMALE > sorry i rushed of my lab top was malfunctioning 
come with me to Upendi 
Thank You Everyone i had a great Birthday today , i am < PROPFEMALE > excited i got the new E-Reader which is you can dowload books on line and that read them on this pad ( i know to any book lover just smelling the pages is what we want but i got real book too . ) So thank You and i will see the < PROPFIRST > clan tomarrow for the feast of the Assumption i will be praying for everyone so GOd Bless 
THe Start of School today more like the start of a bran new year of theater 
Cascade valley 
i am going to see talmadge production of the poe play tomight and going to a theater confrance tomarrow all theater alll the time cant wait for tuesday 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > Treck and i am amazed at how much i like it the graphics were great the acking was equally great i want the movie so i can watch it over and over again 
WOW what a great day 
< PROPFEMALE > Dont be afraid to push I you wernt at my granparents today you would not get so dont try there is NOTHING sexual about it . 
Tomarrows exams and going to be like shooting a bullet with a smaller bullit bilndfolded while riding a horse . 
This is sooooooooooo Tinsel ( Preep and Landing on ABC family ) 
appy New Year May God shine down on all that you do this year . ( I am graduating this year WOOOHOO ) 
MR K and Mrs Swinerton are the Best Religion Teachers Ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please all who read this storm the heavens with your prayers my Grandmother has reacently been admited to the hospital due to what they think is a Heart Attack . I ask you to pray please pray for the < PROPFIRST > family Thesa < PROPFIRST > 
I PASEED MY DRIVING TEST BVEWARE 
this sucks i really hate the snow this stupid snowday screws me up and i was looking foward to a few thing during school that i am missing apearently there was devine reason that we should miss school and must accept that but i still am angry there is not that much snow 
your mama is so old when ever she has dinner they call it the last supper 
Tetelesti was good i really like it but i think i have to see it tonight to get the full effect 
I GOT THE PART I WANTED IN THE MUDER MYSTRY I AM < PROPFEMALE > EXCITED 
It is a poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
Thanks Dr. < PROPMALE > 
I do not Suffer from Insanity i enjoy every minute of it \ 
motto of my life 
All who went to Holy Family It has all come fulll circle when you go to see your sisters 8th Grade Graduation . 
Had a great time in NYC going to the shows was a blast the city its self on the other hand was filled with smoke and grime but i had SUCH A GOOD TIME 
getting ready for neberska cant wait 3 am wake up call ! 
In Neberska and it is HOT cant wait to see everyone at home I LOVE OHIO wow never thought i would say that 
I AM HOME THANK GOD \ 
i was soooo home sick it was not even funney 
I Curently Lost My PHone ( no surprize to anyone ) if you need to contact me you can call on my home phone - 3303423959 or just e-mail me at michaelyounes@rocketmail.com or you can just leave it on facebook thanks 
I Found the DAm thing lodged inbetween two levers in the < PROPFEMALE > am so Pised but i am so thank full 
Thank God and thank St. < PROPFIRST > 
Just finished my summer reading YES !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Went to See the Foreigner and i LOVE IT . it was such an amazing show !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have Declutered everything electronic i had 1574 messages on my email and over 100 on facebook they are all curtently gone now YEs \ 
i just hope i did not delete anything important 
Wisdom teeth suck my mouth feels like there is beach ball in it :( 
Thank YOu to all for makeing my birthday a special one \ 
a big thanks goes out to < PROPFIRST > Gross and < PROPFEMALE > Prebonick who made it a birthday i will never forget thank you guys 
O 
Life will go on but my friends God works in mysterious ways we just need pay attention . And to all the football players I am proud of you if my option counts for anything I am proud 
Elen sila lumenn omentilmo 
-God is ? dead\ 
\ 
-What ? Gods dead ? I talked to ? Him just this morning . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone hope that you have a blessed CHristmas 
p90x wow day one ya pretty hard and ab ripper x WHAT the HELL ..... 
getting redy for my sisters b-day party HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > 
Life is soooooo AWESOME everyone I hope your lifes are going as well as MINE Fist pumps for life ( and you knoe that i am loving life when i do a fist pump ) 
SHow went well Great Job Cast 
Off to the Seminary for a desirnment retreat please send prayers my way . 
