no one freak out-we had to split facebooks due to courses requiring them . what is the world coming to ?! 

has 2 extra dvd +rw camcorder disks for sale . anyone in public speaking need one ? 
a big good luck to the winthrop track and field team today at app state :) 
working on the 25 movies we need to see before < PROPFIRST > night . ( 19 more to go ... ) 
is having the roughest time trying to get this service learning set up ... 
is finally getting a courtyard parking sticker-yay !! 
classes getting canceled this early in the semester ? oh yes , i love this week 
where should < PROPFIRST > and i go eat for our birthdays ? 
had an enjoyable night playing the wikipedia game and making fun of death metal music 
praying i dont slip and fall on the ice today 
is about to curl up with this caramel apple spice and watch True Blood on DVD 
is 21 today 
got a grand total of 31 happy birthdays-thanks so much you guys ! ( and i won the bet , < PROPFIRST >!!) haha 
is stressing ... trying not to freak out over all this work 
thinks this snow is INSANE . its the most i've seen in SC since I moved here 
yes , the rumors are true . I'm cheating on < PROPFIRST > with < PROPMALE > Tebow 
lives for music that moves me and gives me chills 
is blown away by the amazingness . go see shutter island ! 
good luck to the track and field team today and indoor conference 
dang it < PROPFIRST > buble , why did i just now find out about your march 14 atlanta concert ?!! 
false alarm , going to the < PROPFEMALE > show , hahaha yesssss 
you may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one 
is happy about this win but what is this fire all about ? somebody fill me in ... 
( 678 ): did that guy on the oscars really just tell me to text a dolphin ? 
( 817 ): As we walked into his room , he said welcome to the hurt locker . I should have left , but I love that movie . 
does o'charley's count as < PROPFEMALE > ? haha 
' \stay classy galassie ' i liked the slogan so i kept your poster\ " memories ... haha " 
getting my < PROPMALE > potter on 
worst . headache . ever . 
... cant believe i forgot to watch the NCAA championship last night , whoops 
plus , his smile is like watching a baby < PROPFEMALE > sniff a < PROPFEMALE > flower 
is excited for glee tonight :) 
you know you've written a long paper when your stapler cannot accomodate it 
wants to give a shoutout my BOYFRIEND < PROPMALE > tebow on his first round draft pick !!! 
: i hate you courtyard/winthrop for waking me up at 7:30 am 
: i solemnly swear i am up to no good 
is home . can't believe i'm a SENIOR already 
is crossing things off the to do list before europe !! 
is procrastinating . i hate packing . but i guess i can't go to europe unless i pack ... 
: today's the day ! going to europe . wont be back til the 26th ! 
is currently in munich ... leaving for < PROPFEMALE > in the morning ( 8 am here , 2 am US time ) 
is in the cutest hotel i've ever seen in switzerland 
is getting ready to head to < PROPFIRST > in the morning . and ive got a cold :( 
is waiting at the airport in < PROPFIRST > ... it's going to be a long day 
my iPod is unresponsive ... always a good thing 
is not looking forward to going back to work today :/ 
- \you know what wednesday is .... hump day \"" 
is relaxing at the beach :) 
loves < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
I LOVE < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!! 
- 104.7 , please please remove that god awful techno beat behind < PROPFIRST > buble . 
-celtics , why do you play well one day and give up the next ? it didnt have to go to 7 games ... 
-it's good to have a day off :) 
this rain might make for a good night :) come see me , im working 
-and i say yes , you look wonderful tonight 
is caught in the race of this crazy life , tryin ' to be everything can make you lose your mind , I just wanna go back in time , to American < PROPFEMALE > 
Goodbye iPod touch ... hello droid :D 
Is irresponsibly mad for < PROPFIRST > Buble ! Excited for tonight 
-a < PROPFEMALE > day by the pool AND < PROPMALE > potter weekend ?! aww yeahh , it's gonna be a good day 
Relax said the nightman , we are programmed to receive . You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave 
thinks Inception will have me analyzing my dreams more carefully now . It's crazy ! They planted the idea in my head !! 
Is feeling optimistic 
concocted some < PROPMALE > felicis this morning , hoping for one and done 
is serving obesity from 1-6 today , whoo hoo 
To the right to the left , we will fight to the death , to the edge of the earth , it's a brave new world , it's a brave new world 
thinks today has potential to be a giant awkward moment . 
says , when in doubt , dance it out 
says hide ya kids , hide ya wife 
the best thing about sundays is postsecret 
My how time flies when you're having fun . 4 years today . C : 
just learned the hebrew letter < PROPFEMALE > on shalom tv , lmao 
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers 
Last day of work . Bittersweet ? I think so 
I'm a peacock , gotta let me fly 
Where is my umbrella ?! 
Going back to winthrop today . Really going to miss my baskin robbins family but knows this will be the best year yet 
Yesss football is here 
is starting senior year today ! 
you look at me it's like you hit me with lightning 
ohemgee < PROPFEMALE>'s not even hot !! 
Really feels like I could be a competitive eater 
Just ate a piece of bacon 
is working on my list of top 10 songs of all time ! 
is trying to get all my work done early today so I can watch the game tonight ! 
Go Gators ! 
i used up all of my tricks , i hope that you like this 
Is pulling for vt today :) 
and if you dont love me now , you will never love me again , i can still hear you sayin you would never break the chain 
thats the sound of sunshine comin down 
We are not what you think we are , we are < PROPFEMALE > , we are < PROPFEMALE > 
lets go gators ! time to prove you're not the scrubs everyone thinks you are !! 
Just watched the wall . Now about sync up dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > with the wizard of oz 
Tennessee upset florida ?! Not so fast my friend !! Go gators :) 
it's about to be an epic season of glee !! 
i read the news today oh boy 
is having a girl's day with < PROPFEMALE > DeEtte then watching the game tonight . Go Gators !! 
is kinda stoked about the baskin robbins postsecret today 
successfully cut a mango , how exciting 
Totally just got tricked by a toy spider ! 
omg new life goal : I wanna play for the LFL 
Let's be real : alabama is not gator bate . I think it's time we stop playing that song 
A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts , oh no I’ll sell them for a dollar 
i made him a card that said heart attacks are just from loving too much 
Happy Birthday to the best daddy there is . I love you :) < PROPFIRST > Galassie 
<3 < PROPFIRST > corso . Go bama and go gators :) 
Whatever . Just as long as my gators will ill be happy . 
.................... fail 
yawn , trying to study for this midterm 
my college experience is complete now that i've been to a rally . 
What a night ... 
is writing a paper about glee 
it feels like monday , yet it's tuesday . i could get used to this ... 
So glad I live in \ur yard\ " . Whoever is removing the letters can stop . It looks ghetto ! " 
and so it is , just like you said it would be . life goes easy on me , most of the time . 
A revolution without dancing is not a revolution 
Oh oh I want some more . Oh oh what are you waiting for ? Take a bite of my heart tonight 
is at Grave Diggers Ball ! 
Got my starbucks on , now locking myself in the library til all this data is entered or 8 pm rolls around when they'll kick me out ... 
Waking up when it's still dark outside is not one of my favorite things 
Remember , remember , the 5th of november 
Golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why I don't drink and drive 
Dear Cam < PROPMALE > , was $ 200,000 really worth that much to you ? Way to throw away your own career and bring down the rest of your team and the SEC 
headed to FLORIDA :) go gators !!! 
Checking out the campus , tailgating , then game tonight . LET'S GO GATORS ! 
how bad of an idea is a muscle relaxer before class ?.... we will soon find out 
Dear Degree Works , Way to notify me that I still need an arts and humanities requirement AFTER I have already registered . NOT . You know , without it I wouldn't be able to graduate . so yeah ... thanks for that 
Seriously , if you aren't at < PROPMALE > potter right now .... you suck :P 
got some much needed sleep and had a dream about < PROPMALE > tebow ? haha WIN 
I'm going to take my talents to South Beach 
Black Friday , I wasn't ready for you and your $15 nip/tuck dvds last year ... but this time I'm gunnin for you ! 
There is always some madness in love , but there is also always some reason in madness 
I am because I am 
and that's why darling , it's incredible , that someone so unforgettable thinks that I'm unforgettable too 
White christimas !! Heck yessss :D 
Now tell me how ya love it , you know you're at the top when only heaven's right above it 
Too many people know your name ? Change it .... then change it again 
Very excited for 2011 
to dare is to lose one's footing momentarily . Not to dare is to lose oneself 
well hot and heavy , pumpkin pie , chocolate < PROPFEMALE > , Jesus Christ 
love , it will not betray you , dismay or enslave you , it will set you free , be more like the man you were made to be 
We're different , we all are .... but there's something kind of fantastic about that , isn't there ? 
i hope you dont mind , i hope you dont mind , that i put down in words ... 
Running = clarity 
maaaaaaaaps 
green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow <3 GO PACKERS ! 
is about to blow these gamecocks out of the water 
Hey everybody , I just wanted to say thanks for all the loving birthday wishes ! It meant a lot and it helped me have the best day possible ! 
and if you're partial to the night sky ... if you're vaguely attracted to rooftops ... 
Take my hand , close your eyes , with you right here I'm a rocketeer , let's flyyy 
Ahhh bonnaroo 
is hardcore craving some junk food 
Can you hear the horses ? Cause here they come 
Darn you dreams that seem so life-like 
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven ? 
Cause maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me 
there is a fire inside of this heart and riot about to explode into flames 
Let . It . Be . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > there might be a little hair whipping going on tonight 
and there will come a time , you'll see , with no more tears , and love will not break your heart , but dismiss your fears . get over your hill and see what you find there , with grace in your heart and flowers in your hair 
miss < PROPFEMALE > Fain taught me tonight that the sun is actually a < PROPFEMALE > ! my world has been officially rocked 
3.1 < PROPMALE > . all by myself . finally . so proud :) 
Life is so weird 
: unless you love , your life will flash by 
Today marks exactly one day until graduation . Whooaaa 
