Angels can be wrong sometimes ... 

Finals not so bad haha i thought college was supposed to be hard ! 
just got done doing zumbe great leg workout haha but thats the last time i let her drag me to something like that i was the only guy there haha 
Time is running out =( 
i just saw my grades online ha !! 4.0 GPA planning on keeping it that way first semester of college not to bad 
I hate to see you cry , your smile is a beautiful lie ! 
I laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , you and I . ” by < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Money cant buy you happiness but you can buy ice cream ! 
\dont cry for someone that doesnt deserve your tears because the one that does deserve them will never make you cry \"" 
\Usually the people that hurt you the most are the people that you love the most \"" 
I need to learn how to be your friend again ! :) 
You may only be someone in the world but to someone else you may be the world ... 
Someone once told me \you only have one heart be very careful who you give it 2 \"" 
Sometimes , I sit and look at life from a different angle\ 
Don't know if I'm God's child or I'm Satan's angel 
Today i wanna get chocolate wasted ! :) better yet ice cream wasted ! Yeah thats better Haha 
I finally figured out why i dont like mexican music ! 
Maybe its better this way ... 
Today i meet two old people at a bus stop they were nice ... Its funny how life teaches you its lessons in wierd ways 
you always gotta love girls that smell good ! 
I cut two of my fingers today it hurts ! = 
This girl is cuter than a cupcake :) 
Just got done donating blood ! And i feel great i saved 3 lifes today ! :) good day ! 
I've done really crazy things before but that just took the cake Haha wow i still cant believe i did that ! Haha 
PEOPLE does anybody here know how can you bacome an organ donor ? 
plans for the summer go to Whitewater , Wisconsin to finally meet my dad and he's side of the family and than new york to meet the other half i hope they give some days off from work =/ 
Why is it so freakin cold outside ?! 
Really ? Come on get a room cant you guys wait till you get home ! No body wants to see that ! Stupid people this days 
Eww she smokes ! Disgusting !... Next ! 
Nice talk with mom this morning just wut i needed ... \Never give up\ " ... I love you mom " 
i finally mastered the < PROPMALE > of txting while riding a bike Yezzir ! 
I guess you could say i'm normal in an insane kinda of way ... 
Is back on the streets 
I'm finally at peace with my self no more doubts great way to start my day today is gonna be awesome ! 
eat alot of cookies last night now he was a belly ache ! =/ and it sux !... 
I've decided when i'm old and retired i'm gonna open my own restaurant ! i'm gonna called it the flavors of the soul or maybe the flavors to the soul idk ? lol but i got nothing but time to think about the name 
Pretty girls with pretty eyes ... they get to me all the time 
I wish i could just go really far far away from here and just have a fresh start all over again 
So her name is < PROPFEMALE > huh ? i think me and her are gonna have to get to know eachother better !... 
Hmmm insanity challenge ? I think yes i'm ready to take it i'm gonna order it with my next pay check 
stupid cops they're supposed to be here to serve and protect huh ? i didnt really see that tonight no wonder i've always hated them ... i just hope that lady is alright :( i'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight 
I went to see the lady from last night she didnt answer the door now i got to make some time on my way from school to work ... 
I finally dont have to worry no more lol that lady is alright i'm glad nothing happened to her now on my way to work after a long day of school ugh i hope those 2 hours of sleep i got last night can keep me going for another 9 hours .... zzz 
Is the second time i get in trouble at work for flirting wut is that all about ! Dang i guess now i'm gonna have to be serious all the time ! Dang it ! 
Tomorrow was going to be the greatest of days i had lately no school and no work just be lazy all day ! untill my boss said i have to come to work tomorrow because someone is sick !... totally just ruin my perfect day ! :-( 
Nothing like the sweet sound of music to heal the pain of the heart and the soul yupp wut would this world be without music ? It'll probably suck ! 
Alright can someone tell me whats 4/20 i already check my calendar 5 times and i didnt find a holiday today ???... 
Ugh ! Work !... What a drag ! = 
I guess going to work today wasnt too bad 3 good things come out of it .. more hours means more money . that means i can keep going out like i've been doing and i finally meet the new waitress every one was talking about ... shes a looker a straight up white girl from minnesota yet she speaks spanish like a mexican . thats how i like my girls beautiful sweet and smart !! specially smart lol :) 
\Time heals all wounds is a lie\ " time simply allow us to figure out how to live with the pain " 
For I know what I have planned for you says the Lord . I have plans to prosper you not to harm you . I have plans to give you a future filled with hope . Jer 29:11 
When i tell a girl shes hot/sexy i'm only looking at her body . when i tell a girl shes pretty i'm only looking at her face and when i tell a girl shes beautiful i'm only looking into her soul ! lol 
Why do we try and try for someone who is giving all the signs that they dont want you to try anymore ... It might just be me 
Nothing like a good disney movie with the kids now of to work good day today ! 
do things for others because you care about them , not because you care about the recognition for doing it . 
If i knew then what i know now i still would have done it ... I dont regret nothing of what happened between us 
I care enough about you to want you to be happy in your life even if that means i am not who I want to be in your life . That is just who I am . 
To me music has kept me sane in an insane world 
Dude i just realize that after saturday sunday monday and tuesday the rest of the week is WTF 
I do it because i can , I can because I want to , I want to because everybody said I couldn't . 
FAST FIVE either tonight or tomorrow morning ! no school for me tomorrow ! 
Never mistake my kindness for weakness . It will destroy you when you least expect it . 
* sight * 
Fast five was the shit it met my expectations specially the epic fight of vin disel and the rock the rock totally got hes ass kicked i guess a wrench is better than a piece of wood ! looking forward to the next movie < PROPFEMALE > is coming back 
One more week left of school ! yes ! finally ! but that means finals ! =/ 
I'll rather live my life like theres a god and than die and find out theres not than live my life like theres no god and die and find out there is a god . 
I am happy and the future looks bright . Thank you God for not giving up on me when I gave up on myself . 
only one more month for transformers dark of the < PROPFEMALE > comes ou ... i am sad !! =,( < PROPFEMALE > foxx wont be on this one =( 
After taking care of my siblings and looking at some of my friends with their kids made me realize that i want my kids of my own already ... well i already waited 19 years hmmm i guess i can wait another 8 to have my kids 
Hmmm no school or work tomorrow what to do ???? 
\An eye for an eye will make us all blind \"" 
Dang mothers day is coming and i still owe my mom a birthday gift ! Hmmm what to get her ? What to get her ???? 
12 hour shift today hmmm ... this should be interesting $$$ 
People mothers day only come once every year plz dont wait that long to tell her how greatful you are for the things she does for you and remind her often how much you love her because when shes gone there wont be a < PROPMALE > to tell her everything she means to you 
To all my college friends ! good luck on finals ! 
< PROPFEMALE > lucero eres la mama mas grandiosa de el mundo gracias por estar siempre conmigo y apollar en todo te quiero mucho y me duele que no pued estar contigo en este < PROPFEMALE > pero ni modo feliz < PROPFEMALE > s de las madres =) 
Its funny how people judge you just for what they see . skin color and the way you dress . say what ever you want think what ever you want about me i'll prove you wrong anyways . so put a < PROPMALE > in your mouth so i guess is fuck what you say i dont really care . 
Finally I got my new phone people txr me so I can have your number 602-383-4688 
People dont belive me when I tell them im not afraid of anything but is the truth lol 
I ran into my crazy things to do before I die list and im already have half way done with it ive done some crazy s@ #t befofe . I think I already took to much , time off im gona get back on completing my list 
Just got my blood donors card today blood type O+ hmmm so that means im a universal donor good reason to keep donating and you should 2 
Okay thats the 4th person that told me the end of the world is tomorrow man hopefully we can get rid of all this ignorant people hahaha read the book people no one knows when is gonna happen it shall come as a thief in the middle of the night 
So its 1 in the morning of may 22 hahaha and we're all still here haha I wonder how many ignorant people are out there . Hahaha 
You know I still love you thats why im scare of just seeing you again :/ 
haha did I just get pulled over ??? No freaking way !!! Haha just making sure im not a murder haha do I look like a murder ??? Okay ill give them that one it is kinda late but still ... Wtf man lol 
at casino arizona ready to get my game on 
Just got out of the casino I lost 20 dollars in 2 hours now I smell like smoke everyone another thing I can cross our from my list :) 
Mr. orson well you are a genius I heard the famous broadcasting \war of the worlds\ " its scary if you get into it " 
\preparing for the worst but still praying for the best \"" 
finally back in phx had a good weekend with my friends in b-town ill miss you guys now is back to work 
I gave it my best and it wasnt enough only one thing to do push my self beyond my limit tomorrow is another day ill try again tomorrow no worries 
I just got back and they're already working me like a mexican oh wait that makes sense hahaha on my way to work 
I call her triple threat hahaha 
aut viam inveniam aut faciam 
Cant help but feel hatred grow in my heart a little everyday ... I got to get it together before I start forgetting who I Am ... 
Just watched the hangover 2 
\yeah my life a bitch but you know nothing bout her been to hell and back I can show you vouchers \"" 
'' But I tell you who hear me : Love your enemies , do good to those who hate you , bless those who curse you , pray for those who mistreat you''\ 
\ 
- < PROPMALE > 6:27 -28 
its almost 3 and I cant sleep I hated because now im thinking ... 
\I say the sun dont shine forever . And everything that glitter aint gold . I say love dont love forever when everything thats new gets old ... Call me crazy ive been called worse is like I have it all but whats it all worth im probably better in my afterlife I should < PROPFEMALE > life but this aint PARADISE .. \"" 
I think I have the best co-workers in the world they jusr spend an hour giving me love advise and some how they made me feel better hahaha 
\see I just want you to know that you deserve the best you're beautiful and I want you to know youre far from the usual \"" 
sometimes I wish dreams were reality and reality was just a dream ... But than again life would be 2 perfect ... * sight * 
\And my future WILL be better than my past im the n****r you daddy hate im living what I believe in so you can love me or hate me but im a G it wont make me or break me and me and my lord got an agrement so I thank him everyday for my achivements im going wut ever the money take me I know theres a better way cause ive seen it \"" 
HA im know as \the guy that can do math equations in hes head\ " hahaha " 
Cheesecake factory I think yes :) 
I got to wait 2 hours till I can eat my cheese cake wtf man next time ill stay and eat there haha oh well is cheesecake for breakfast tomorrow 
On my way 2 imaginationland :) 
Thats what we get for trusting a blonde girl 
Dont you know no one alive can always be an angel ? When everything goes wrong you see some bad ... But im just a soul whose intentions are good oh Lord please dont let me be misunderstood ... \ " , 2011-06-14 21:46:38 " 
Learning how to shuffle ! 
I love grandmas homestyle chocolate chip cokies and also the peanut butter ones 
Not the way I wanted to end my day :,( 
and there she goes another great friend that walked out of my life the same way she came into it ... either way I end up losing at the end haha oh well .... hahaha 
First time I wake up and get up out of bed before 11 on my way to mesa .. I wanna go back to sleep 
Happy fathers day mom thank you for everything you do for me I wouldnt be where I am today if it werent for you happy fathers day arcenio gracias por quidarnos a todos .. Abueito happy fathers day wut ever you are I miss you alot I will see you again someday abuelito R.I.P Baldemar manzano te quiero mucho 
Anyone interested in two tickets for the movie cars 2 im not gonna be in phoenix thursday so I wont be able to go is at mills mall and I dont want them to go to waste haha lol 
At the movie theater gonna go watch cars 2 with the fam . :) 
have you ever wondered which hurts the most : saying something and wishing you had not or saying nothing , and wishing you had ???.... * sight * 
Man my mom got a facebook !! Nooo !! I love you mommy haha 
\call me crazy I been called worse \"" 
out of all the people why her ? Why did she have to be the one I called ??? Whats wrong with me ???? 
Its to katr 
Transformers 3 today yupp . sounds good anyone down to go with me ?? Lol 
I feel like my old self again im not the bad guy pretending to be good im the good guy pretending to be bad but im done pretending im just gonna be who I AM .... 
Thats the second time she said she cant go to the movies with oh well im gonna go see transformers 3D , even if I go by myself ... Shes a jerk 
transformers such freaking sweet movie just got out and I wanna see it again yupp im gonna see it again 
Nothing like watching transformers a second time :) waiting fo the next one 
1 year down 9 more to go I guess thats just how life is ... 
Its funny the other day someone asked me if I knew you a million memories flashed in my head and I said \not anymore \"" 
I hate how people can be so ignorant sometimes if thats the word stop being a racis f**k im just doing my job who GIVES A F**k what my skin color is but im better than u so im just gonna say thank u people like u are just wood to my fire 
it all started with a hug :) 
Dude so many < PROPMALE > potter fans !!! Wow 
When u finally get over someone u start seeing them in a completly different way and u realize they turn into everything they say they would never be ... 
\My fear is my only courage\ " \ 
Only one question that still hunting me ... Why did u do it ??? I guess ill never know the answer .... 
You shall live in the hearts of those who loved you and\ 
will thus never die or be forgotten 
I dont understand girls sometimes they're to complicated yea ima stay single for a little longer theres lots to do still 
Yea My life might be complicated but I bet you cant live it . You don't have the strength or the brains to last through it . 
hmmm .... Ive been thinking ironman+ hulk+thor and now captain < PROPFEMALE > hmmm I smell the avangers movie coming up 
and you know im ridding with the toast cheers !! :) 
finally going back to school in a few weeks im ready to finally hit the books again 
A year ago huh it sure doesnt feel any different ... Freaking < PROPFIRST > gasho thanks 
in the good old days , girls used to cook like their mothers , NOW THEY DRINK LIKE THEIR FATHERS ... wow this girl !!! someone is going to have a very bad hangover hahaha 
A dream is a dream because is fictional it something that will never be ... because once it becomes reality it was never a dream 
Finally after a nice week of work I get to chill with my fam . On my way 2 B-town 
took my brother and sis to their first day of school today , i made a good choice to come and spend time with them =) 
< PROPFEMALE > 4:8 KJV\ 
He that loveth not knoweth not God ; for God is love . 
I feel like something really good is about to happen everything seems to be going great so why do I feel scare as well ??? 
Well at least i tried maybe a little 2 late but .... i wont let it happen again 
grade : 11\ 
school : Bagdad HS . \ 
crush : Kayla\ 
like : friends parties\ 
dislike : Nothing !! \ 
Like My Status For a Grade .! 
has officially enrolled at mcc for the fall =) 
When I was 18 ! \ 
I had a crush on ? < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Favorite Memory ? Valentines day im never gonna forget that day =) \ 
Best Friend ? < PROPFIRST > Gasho < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > \ 
I wanted to be ? chemical engineer i still do !! \ 
Like && ill give you a year ! 
first day of school today so far its going good .... the way this semester started i think seems like its gonna be an interesting one 
best advise that was given 2 me \Don’t take life so seriously ! enjoy the present and be happy \"" 
everyday I become more and more ashamed of what we are ..... 
My movie : < PROPFIRST > Pan\ 
character : < PROPFIRST > pan\ 
Least Favorite character : Captain hook\ 
Favorite song : \The Second < PROPFEMALE > to the Right\ " \ 
