needs to find a car for under 4k , help me out 

is like nude china-men on the shores of California 
20 days to make it count 
Disoriented 
New note for that small group of friends ! 
It's there , don't let it go to waste . Especially when you didn't have to do anything to have it . 
But with words and sound I find that now , sticks and stones are about me . 
If sticks and stones were as brittle as bones then words may never seer me . But with words and sounds , I find that now , sticks and stones are all about me . 
The shadows never seemed to comfort me . I don't want to feel this way . How many little lies will make us say ? Hide the truth from my eyes and tear the sun from my skies cause I will never know . 
has the next two days off ! workin friday ... then Saturday and Sunday off for Skylab ! 
is dead tired still ... from Saturday ? 
slept through all of Monday and didn't call into work ... i hope I still have a job 
Just realized < PROPMALE > Boyle directed 28 Days/Weeks Later AND Slumdog Millionaire 
Do or die . 
New pics and a new poem in the notes . Both should have your comments ! 
lacking visual motivation 
Just found his custom hall passes from study hall to pre-cal 
Box cutter statistics 
box cutter statistics of rabid emotion 
Tell me what you regard as your greatest strength , so I will know how best to undermine you ; tell me of your greatest fear , so I will know which I must force you to face ; tell me what you < PROPFEMALE > most , so I will know what to take from you ; and tell me what you crave , so that I might deny you . 
Who's ( 720 ) 394-3832 ? 
lol nicely done K-West . Short , bitter-sweet , to the point ... lol 
my parents bought a < PROPMALE > ... i don't know how i feel about this terabyte of empty space sitting in front of me 
... and now onto yet another family christmas party ... ugh 
Pierce the heart via vernacular , what was one has become bicellular . 
My new year's resolution : 1080p 
Two things I did not expect tonight . Lol interesting start to a new year . 
And I know just what you want ... I can I say it's what you know . But you've known it the whole time . 
< PROPFIRST > gets a car today 
\They misunderestimated me . \"" 
I aint got none of them sparks in my distributator 
Is that what you call tact ? You're as subtle as a brick in the small of my back so let's end this call , and end this conversation . And is that what you call a getaway ? Well tell me what you got away with , ' cause you left the frays from the ties you severed when you say best friends means friends forever . 
Nothing's absolutely definite til it's absolutely , definitely gone 
Order your daughters to ignore me , think that will sort meand sweep me under the rug . And a beating with a book everyonethe book tells you to love . 
What is it with these parallel houses ? 
haircut ... it's ... 
There's a lake and at the bottom you'll find all our friends . They don't swim cause they're all dead . We never are what we intend , or invent . 
Some men die under the mountain just looking for gold . Some die looking for a hand to hold ... When I lower it down I let you fade away . I hope that you would do this for me ... 
Between the footsteps I hear crickets in the trees , a silent army marching with me through a swarm of bees . Aa needle dragged across a record slowing down . 
I'm here for you to use , broken and bruised . Do you understand ? But how could I miscalculate ... perfect eyes will have perfect aim . 
It is not my imagination . There is a gun in my back . 
We need vices . Well you took my hope and my marriage license . Those days are dead . We need vices at fifty thousand degrees . She said goodbye to the ground . I got creative . 
You've got your passion , you've got your pride but don't you know that only fools are satisfied ? Dream on , but don't imagine they'll all come true When will you realize ...? 
wishes his mechanic would call him back to tell him his car is good !!!! 
is content once again ... hotel paid off ... car fixed ... more to come this week so keep up 
We all go to sleep in the same place and in the morning hope that we're all the same ... there it goes ... yeah , you stole ... 
I wish that my condition was new but I'm old and rusting . So we just hurry up only to wait . Add to the list of all the places we hate and I pretend like I got something to say but I've got nothing . 
Happy Easter to all you weirdos who hide the eggs so little children will know that the Easter < PROPFEMALE > spawns chickens and that Jesus came back to life ...? 
Pride and dignity are not synonyms 
Sitting in FLL ready to be home 
Anxiety ? 
Colorado !!!! 
Death 
What would you do for a Klondike Bar ? 
WERNSTROM !! 
Bender need brain for smart making ! 
Well , I guess the song isn't over just yet so I gotta keep dancing .... Ugh 
Doesn't wanna do this anymore ! 
Some men die under the mountain just looking for gold ... 
Great success !!! After spending hundreds if dollars . Next step - buy Global Tickets then Pretty Lights ticket 
So much fir Swedish on the 22nd . Short lived dream but on a lighter note I'll be able to catch up on my soaps now 
Some frustration first inclination Is to become a monk and leave the situation . But every dark tunnel has a light of hope . So don't < PROPFEMALE > yourself , with a celibate rope . 
Everyone has their pride and you too will learn to live the lie 
Oh my God ! Robot Deely-Boppers !! 
Talk about the light , rather that than the evil . Fill another place in a room full of people . 
I am one with my shoe size , < PROPMALE > . 
Ok . I'm done reconboobaling the energymotron ... Er ... Whatever .... 
Likes how this day is turning out 
to the telepath delivers verses with no postage . 
One episode down , many more to come 
We're just rolling with the rhythm , rise from the ashes of stylistic division . With these non-stop lyrics of life living , not to be forgotten but still unforgiven . 
Don't be the victim of rabid emotion on whims he told himself . 
And we all sit around here in our home town . Listen to the waves as they all crash down and watch the fire as it slowly burns away . Glowing embers fly across the sky ... 
Doesn't know what to think ... :/ 
Sittin on the world , thinkin ' bout a girl . 
So stay there ' cause i'll be coming over while our blood's still young . 
I'm goin tortilla hunting ! 
One mistake in a subtle way . Like I'm walking again , all on me . Step slowly , you know that you fall between dark places , what a simple web we weave . 
Completely absent car hoods , girls crying on the curb , and a smile on my face . 
To find those pastures in which to rest . A calming home of emotion what's best . Where the waters surge with life for those who wish to be where good life grows . Content and happy is where I'll be ... 
Off with your head , dance ' till you're dead . 
Red geranium 
Can we get away , far away ...? Lets leave this place . Will you come with me ? Are you down to turn your world around ? Leave it all behind . 
Oh blithery-boop my cowardly lobster ! Who needs courage when you have a gun ? 
Even with a shitty stereo , music will always sound a million times better in your car on the highway 
Is hindsight was retrospective we'd be in a life less frightening 
NEEDS A FULL-TIME JOB ASAP ... Whoever can help 
Just went in a fan < PROPFEMALE > binge and liked 193 new fan < PROPFEMALE > s ... It's been a rough two days 
NEEDS A FULL-TIME JOB ASAP if you can help me out 
OMFG NEW MW2 MAPS !!!! 
so long kings , hello doors 
Hmm ... 16 days ... 
Sometimes , do things ever seen TOO real , or even ( sur)real ? Sometimes ? 
feels very ... what's the word ... floundering idk 
wants this summer to last but needs this September 
Autophobic anxiety 
Myspace wont let me in >.< i made it mad apparently 
What's somebody like you , doin in a place like this ? Did you come alone , or did you bring all your friends ? What's your name , what you drinking I think I know what you're thinking ... 
You know it's spring when the executioners start getting in the house . 
Tyrannicide 
Sometimes we let ourselves meander through hell . Not because it's where we want to be , though the company is something in itself . But remain because we'd forgotten we can feel . Forgotten how long we'd left this on the shelf . 
One week !!!! 
standing on the edge of morning scent of sex and new found < PROPFEMALE > playing as she's pulling back her hair 
Propane and Propane Accessories 
We're getting down computer action . Do the robotic satisfaction . Now all of y'all , get off the wall ! Have a ball and get involved with\ 
Body movin ! 
Surrender your mysteries to Zoidberg ! 
cause you know you got me on a string , and if you pull it right ill probably buy you seven jeans\ 
cause you're so fly , you know it too\ 
And you sure do your best to make us notice you but baby how high must you be , if you think im gon ' let you go & pull that shit on me 
Honest to God I'll break your heart , tear you to pieces , and rip you apart . 
5 days ----> ! 
Pomegranite = a sack of dirt used for beating 
Cuz dreamers always < PROPMALE > but never get it ... 
4 ... 
Who wants to go to a job fair today and/or tomorrow ???? Call me 
If your hindsight is retrospective then I need your help !!! 
3 days !!! 
Your mom took the turkey and went to her hair dresser ! 
Tomorrow ! 
Someone make my day this week ! 
Birthdaaaaaaay !!!!! 
Haven't been this negligently reckless in too long ... < PROPMALE > me ! 
continual negligently reckless and it's still going as to be expected 
just wants to be there again 
fukin shit up as usual 
ugh 
needs fast forward right about now ... 
Where the waters surge with life for those who wish to be where good life grows . wants to be there again 
Content and happy is where I'll be . Away from deserts and pebbles . Snowy\ 
Wastes will be behind me then . \ 
I'll walk that barren never again . 
What a birthday week lol 
I don't remember a moment I tried to forget . I lost myself , is it better not said . I'm closer to the edge . 
It was a thousand and one and a million to two . Time to go down in flames and I'm taking you ... 
Can you imagine a time when the truth ran free . The birth of a song , the death of a dream ... This never ending story take forward pride in fate . We all fall short of < PROPFEMALE > . Lost in ourselves ... 
feels like there's a better half out there and it's having more fun than i am ^_^ 
One day maybe we'll make it ... I will never forget ... One day maybe we'll make it 
Have you lost your mind or has she taken all of yours too ? Open your mind , believe it's going to come to . Keep romance alive and hope she's going to tell you . 
she's got you high and you don't even know yet 
Closer to the edge 
under the realization of why I hate sleeping 
likes to use one web browser to find and download others 
oh .... glorious housey freedom 
what fun boring night last night lol . parentals in puerto , house to myself ... so relaxed 
Job interview today !!! 
in the bag ! < PROPFIRST>'s gonna be tellin people at the bank ! 
has gone missing 
It's like someone's watching a movie in the next room . I can hear the sound but can't make out what's going on .... 
so this is what ye old school poets feel like 
What's in the pink salad ? Grandma's corn . 
What does an agnostic insomniac dyslexic do at night ? He lies awake wondering if there is a dog . 
sick of all these up-downs and every round-about . I just want the cities and streets that dont leave me with doubt ... 
Whatching DBZK on nicktoons right now ... Not sure how I feel about this ... 
Here I go , I just don't know ... I've got to take it slow ... 
interesting ... to say the least 
need a saturday global ticket ? 3/725-9405 
fedde < PROPFEMALE > grand tomorrow ! 
wow what a weird vibe to wake up to ... grand tonight should even things out 
a good talk brings a good end to some crazy roller coaster ... peaceably speaking , I've learned a lot but my legs are still numb as I sit in this chair 
\I dont really think you can ever rely on music too much . It wont leave you or stop talking to you . Or give up on you . \"" 
Re-watching the new Futurama episodes ! Maybe ill have a valid opinion this time around 
its too hot to be alive today ... just gonna vegetate in the basement or something 
Dear Static , I can tell when my lingering freedom is coming to rest by the Jacket around your arms . Whether I'm ready or not , here you come ... to makes things simple and plain ... to take away the care ... My one request is but to keep the collar slack and I'll stay by your side . Sincerely , Apathy's Pet . 
Boredom in the workplace is the easiest hourly job yet 
Have you ever been so bored you spend half the day attempting to comb your face hairs with your fingers ? 
Let the rain of what I feel right now come down . I'm treading for my life believe me . I'm reaching for the life within me . Let the waves up , take me down . 
Love hops ? I do too ! 
Surprise me . Release me . Disappoint me . Repress me . Submit me . Distract me . 
Am I supposed to be happy ? When all I ever wanted , it comes with a price ... Damn regret , I'll try to forget . Don't worry about me . 
hates it when people close their eyes half way when trying to ephasize what they're saying . 
You try to put a fire out , but you use gasoline . When the congregation gathered ' round , you're screaming \it wasn't me ! \"" 
Feels like I'm trying to hold smoke ... 
Consider this a letter that I never sent ... You wouldn't get me on the phone and you couldn't make me not alone . 
Brand New - Your Favorite Weapon - Track 6 
All the answers I ever needed were sitting in my car the whole time ! lmao 
All the answers I ever need are always sitting in my car . 
STOP IT !! 
gonna go die for a lil while longer 
Continuous . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Day ! Let's burn the forests 
Silly slut , of course I'll dance with you . Don't tell me your name or give me your number please cuz I'm gettin down on some chicken and mashed potatoes 
Eyes lit , I want short breaths , I want dark eyelids ... like the summer into rough hands . 
my think are broke ... 
Bein a bank loner . 
dreams dreams go away , come again my dying day . Keep your distance till I die , stop showing me things made of lies . 
5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... What are you waiting for ?! 
Board ' em 
Party til you pass out , drink til you're dead . Dance all night til you can't feel your legs . We are done with giving a fuck ! 
interesting weekend . had its lows but but two people in specific brought it way up 
The time has come , my little friends , to talk of other things . Of shoes and ships and sealing wax and cabbages and kings . And while the sea is boiling hot , and whether pigs have wings . Calloo , Callay , come run away with the cabbages and kings ! 
Why does everything hurt all of a sudden ? I need something more out of this ... 
Thanks anxiety , because of you I cant even sleep in my own bed . FML 
Give me something to be happy about . 
Give me something to be happy about ... 
goin ' to see the doctor tomorrow 
wouldn't be good enough ... four hands and then away ... the start a simple touch ... we had a promise made ... 
There it was , just trotting down the road . In the middle of the night , a jet black cow almost ran into me at 45mph 
Inception = encephalophantasmagasmic 
Where are the clouds ?!?!!!? 
Don’t change your name . Keep it the same for fear I may lose you again . I know you won't . It's just that I am unorganized and I want to find you when something good happens . 
Are you this fleeting ? Old age is just around the bend . 
12 years later . En Taro Adun ! 
good bye everyone . see you in a week or so 
It was one hundred degrees as we sat beneath a < PROPFEMALE > tree . 
String this chaos turn it into light ... Before the lions take their share . Leave us in peices scattered everywhere . Just give me something to hold onto . 
When you are out there on the road for several weeks , it shows . And when you scan the radio , I hope this song will guide you home . 
What is happening to the world ?! Everyone is driving 5 over !!! Something's not right here 
Glitter on the wet streets , silver over everything . Off with your head , dance ' til you're dead . 
Funny how a little greed and a lie on someone else's part could have made my day easier 
You don't have to have a soul to enjoy the Beatles but if you don't enjoy them , you don't have a sould . 
You arrive , in the rising sun . The hidden passenger , that I've been taking . Close your eyes , let's forget again . 
When you’re young , not much matters . When you find something that you care about , then that’s all you got . 
You're cinematic , razor sharp . A welcome arrow through the heart . Under your skin feels like home . Electric shocks on aching bones . 
These streets turn me inside out . Everything shines but leaves me empty still and I'll burn this lonely house down . If you run with me ... 
But I'd be fine wasting our time not doing anything here , just doing nothing . We’ll sit for days and talk about things important to us like whatever . 
Wow , what a wonderful thing to wake up to ! 
You've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time 
Never too soon , like no one's watching you . So stay there because I'll be coming over . While out blood's still young . We wont stop to surrender . 
Uh ...... iPad ? 
Hetero-intoxicated ^_^ 
Haven't woken up to the rain in a couple years 
Driving through Lafayette , on the way to work , cruising with the half life wagon 
\I can't understand a word your mother is saying because she was talking first . \"" 
Hide the truth from my eyes and tear the sun from my sky cause I will never know . 
Even though you didn't have to babe , you did . Your games slay me haha 
I'd rather keep the memories . ^_^ 
Does anyone else put chips on their plate but instead of eating them , continue to eat the ones in the bag ? 
Hurry up four o'clock!! You're taking entirely too long ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and Honda < PROPFIRST > for the ridiculously amazing night !!! We unbelievably conquererd that mountain and one or two more other peaks . Still can't believe what < PROPFIRST > did and what everything has come to . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice ... ^^ 
Sleep , you evasive scamp ! Come to me ! 
please take these hands , throw me in the river , dont let me drown before the workday ends . 
Thank you , life . You always have a way with curb stomping me in the face and heart when I couldn't be happier or more content . All just to remind me that nothing changes , nice guys will ALWAYS finish last , and that love is as frail as a flower no matter what you feed it . 
Taking a long drive today . Not going to answer your calls or texts unless you are one of three people . I just need to leave the world behind for a day ... 
So far I've ended up in Fort Collins and am currently sitting in a physiology class . 
Jesus Christ , I'm alone again so what did you do those three days you were dead ? Cause this problems gonna last more than the weekend ... 
Nothing like a barren wasteland to remind you why you love where you live . Though I learned a lot in that car today one thing remains ; there's still that one person who makes any drive a completely different experience . I miss those drives . I miss you 
Back into the darkness from where I came ... Apathy's voice guide me again . I'll need your leash more than ever before ... Love , it seems , is only a trap door ... But maybe I'm wrong ... One can only hope ... 
It's good to hear your voice again , Apathy ... Say it louder and lead me to safety ! 
Take me away I-25 so Apathy can pull my strings and whisper sweet ambiguity to my heart . 
To the sciencomobile ! 
Tonight at eleven ... DOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM ! 
It's only ten and a half and I'm already begging this day to be over ... 
Tonight feels like a drinking night . And not because it's a holiday . 
Back on the road .... Change my life , little yellow lines ... You've done it before ... I know you can do it again ... 
Can I get a ' lawl ' from all my cynics and sarcastic ?! 
Go away regret , I did what had to be done ... 
Blah-bleh-hem !!! 
You can't have magic and be human , sweetheart . 
When you say my name ... I wanna stop it in your lungs and collect all of your blood to put in the radio . 
My instinct is to hide in this barrel , like the < PROPMALE > fish . 
Now you'll never see , what you've done to me . You can take back your memories , they're no good to me . And here's all your lies ... 
On second thought ... another rum and coke at the bar ! It's my day off ! 
Sorry Dad , I already tweeted it . 
Sunshine , sunshine . Feel it in my skin , warmin up my mind . 
Resident Evil IMAX 3D ! Huzonko !! 
Whoah ! 
Love googling Microsoft things on my iPad . < PROPMALE > Jobs must think I'm a jerk lol 
We're gonna gave us a champaign jam 
Hmm ... Go out or stay home ... Who's got something fun to do ? 
Anyone know anything about Third Bridge out in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
\The offensive lineman are the biggest guys on the field . They're bigger than everyone else 
Sleepy sleepy sleepy 
Nobis pro lemma vobis 
Nunquam redono nunquam trado 
What to do , what to do ? One three hundred dollar hookerbot or three hundred one dollar hookerbots . 
If I'm not gonna catch a fish , I might as well not catch a big fish . 
Oh Kaptain my Kaptain ! To mosquito pass we go !!! 
My house is empty and I don't wanna be here today . I need a drastic change in scenery but I don't wanna watch football . Lol 
Oh Apathy , how I've missed you . Stay longer this time . 
If you go to BBC's Radio 1 online , listen live , turn up the volume , IT GOES TO ELEVEN !!! 
And the sign said , long haired freaky people need not apply . 
Turned 21 this year . In related news , I've been told to grow up more times this year than any other . I seem to be regressing . Lol 
Hey look , I'm on the news ! 
Where should I drive today ? 
Wow 
Can't a person be hugged into happiness ?! 
When the world slips you a < PROPMALE > , stroke the furry walls . 
Two thoughts . One : lunchables :D and two : why is there not a way for two people in separate locations to watch a movie together online ? It seems like in today's society of bells and whistles , you could watch a movie with your friend in Seattle . 
The writings on the wall , it wont go away . 
Beba 
He spoke like he was a friend so I came with adrenaline . Take me to the hospital . 
Odelay 
TOTALLY MISSED THE NEW CHIODOS ALBUM !!! D: Quick ! To the mediafire !! 
Hook me up with a new revolution cause this one is a lie . We sat around laughing and watched the last one die . 
Has anyone else checked out the new Chiodos album ? 
Love it when my mother asks me to fordge my father's signature for tax purposes 
Get up , get out , get away from these liars . Cause they wont get your soul or your fire . 
This war will tear apart the skies 
The mediator between head and hands must be the heart . 
I'm so excited ! And I just can't hide it ! 
\I shouldn't be allowed to observe ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Thompson " 
Is this the end of my life or just the end of the world . Skeletons rule the cities as the innocent burn . 
' F ' is for friends who do stuff together ... 
Just woke up to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > d & < PROPMALE > dy . Today's gonna be awesome 
Who's doing the zombie crawl tonight ? 
Say , did you come alone , or did you bring all your friends ? 
Want me to concludify him , likesome sort of dispatcherator ? 
No more will my green seagull turn a deeper blue . I could not foresee this thing happening to you . I see a red door 
That dirty toucher took my < PROPFEMALE > poo-poo ! 
A day to remember that people should not be afraid of their government , that the government should be afraid of their people . Remember , remember The Fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason the gun powder treason shall ever , be , forgot . 
Broken hearts , like promises , are left for life's unknowns . 
I wish you would step back from that ledge , my friend . 
< PROPFIRST > is fixed ! ^_^ hooray 
CODBO base jumping in video games FTFW 
JFK as a zombie survivalist . Genius ! 
Not to mention a duck . 
We're gonna be eggheads , < PROPMALE > eggheads !! 
Just give me a < PROPMALE > to hold . Give me a < PROPMALE > to hold . Just give me something to hold on to . It's so clear now ... 
Alright corn country , let's get this over with . 
Hello corn country , I don't like you . Let's just eat and be done with it . 
Nothing says lemon like something from the tool shed . 
Happy Fat Day everyone ! 
Today's Shower Decision : History is a Conspiracy 
So Seven years later , a new < PROPFEMALE > Sun is coming out at the end of this month ... Im going to need another DS . 
Don't tell me to do shit if I haven't even showered yet . If I didn't return your morning greeting , chances are I'm not going to do what you say . With a temper . 
Hooray !! ^_^ finally coming home . 
< PROPFIRST > NEILSON !!!! 
I'm American and I want a mesquite barbecue doughnut ! 
Are you kidding ? I'm < PROPFIRST > Shatner . I can score anything . 
What did I do with that sleep button ? 
So is the new profile worth the change ? 
oh yeah ! so um ... MCR came out with a new album the other month ? o.O 
Someone look west and tell me where to get cloud insurance . 
So uh .... Well ... Or rather .... But ... Hmmm ... You know ... I mean ... What if ... Well actually ... I think .... I lost my train of thought ... :D 
Thank you Despicable Me for showing me what Jawas really look like . 
I just saw and heard Daft Punk IN 3D ! 
Woke up this morning with ocular pain ... Slept in my contacts and one of the . Had ripped in two , IN MY EYE , in the middle of the night . Took about three hours to get both pieces out lol . 
Interesting perspectives barging their way in .. hmm ... 
GT5 credits ... Quite possibly the best video and music to ending credits I've ever seen 
Took a little time to make it a little better , it's only going out , just one thing and another , you know ! 
Oh < PROPFIRST > . On Christmas even ? lol 
New diggs 
She spoke words that would melt in your hands . 
New phone number 303/332-8433 
Tylenol PM ... You're a liar and a thief . 
Sir , your derangement is impressive . I'm appointing you my official stalker . 
The critics talk of stubbornness but you're just passionate . 
Time for a haircut ! 
< PROPFIRST > , some days you let me down but today you surprise me . 
One secret that no one ever suspected was that I really did stage the < PROPFEMALE > landing . ON < PROPFEMALE > ! Haroo wahahahahaha !! 
Hey , you know they're all the same . 
Haikus are easy\ 
But sometimes they don't make sense\ 
Refrigerator . 
Hello snow . You're a bastard . Now that we have that settled , imma let < PROPFIRST > step all over you . 
< PROPFIRST > FTFW 
1.11.11 
< PROPFIRST > , you make my day to day life interesting . For that I both deeply love you and hate your guts . 
\Many are asking if our political discourse has gotten too heated . And those people should go to hell ! \ " Colbert " 
Ok < PROPFIRST > , you whining POS . I'm coming to get yah . 
Peru in September !!!! Machu Picchu , imma climb to you ! 
Bam ! 
< PROPFIRST > , somehow I know you're responsible . I'm not complaining . ^_^ 
Scalding hot pineapples ! 
Brainstormed !! :D 
Work and snow ! Then the best girl in the world ! Bam ! 
wow ^_^ 
Weeeeeee :D 
That's my horse ! 
< PROPFIRST > , you summbitch . Did you forget you have two doors ? You can't keep me out !! 
104 44 30 40 36 10 
Dilate my eyes optical doctor lady 
Sword of Thundara , give me sight beyond sight !! 
Wake up . Why don't you put on a little make up 
This is fkn awesome !!! 
Got my mind set on you 
I'm talking to myself out loud because I can't forget . 
Chicken grease salt 
Today feels like the kind of day where you get in the < PROPFIRST > you need to be in as soon as possible and ride that < PROPFIRST > until you've arrived . 
Do you need it ? Hey ! I need it too ! 
Morphine city slippin dues down to see that we don't even care as restless as we are .. 
The air is so feisty today . 
Season five futurama on netflix ! Hello tv 
< PROPFIRST > getting some much needed attention today . Switching feets and a blood transfusion . 
Can I borrow someone's intelligence sword ? There are some people who are desperately in need of stabbings of a higher learning . Headshot . 
Who wants to spend $85 to go see prodigy with me tomorrow ? Text me asap 
Someone come to prodigy with me ! 
Take me to the hospital . 
I love lamp 
Prodigy fkn killed it last night . Well worth the money and then some . 
HIPPPPPPOOOOOOOSSSSSSSS !!!!!!! 
Keep the blood in your head and keep your feet on the ground 
Don't even think about it think about it ! 
I find my counterpoint inside a red room lost behind a door . 
The beauty is in what isn't said 
Doubt , in it all for me . I've hit the wall , all that's left for you is doubt . \ 
Better you than me , I've so far to fall . All that's left for you is doubt . 
Just tell me nothing's wrong , nothing's wrong , nothing's wrong today . 
I think the 15th is going to be a really really good day . Cross your fingers and wear your shirts inside out . 
Standing on the edge of the Palisades ' Cliffs , in the shadow of the skyline very far away . 
You said enough . You said too much . You focus only on her touch , you halcyon . 
Get up , get out , get away from these liars cause they don't get your soul or your fire . 
You can keep your birds if you dont know how to use your turn signal . 
New kitties !! 
Big day tomorrow . Good thing I got new shoes ! Wish me luck ! with algorithms .. 
Today's the day ! ^_^ 
April 1st ! Whoo hoo ! 
If you never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix , you wouldn't relate to the rogue vocoder blitz . 
Television rules the nation ... around the world ... 
It’s a mess , it’s a st < PROPMALE > , it’s a flawed work of < PROPMALE > . 
Take back this city for yourself tonight . I'll take back the city for me . 
I love this city tonight . I love this city always . It bears its teeth like a light and spits me out after days . 
All this feels strange and untrue .. 
On a live wire right up off the street you and I should meet . 
Junebug skipping like a stone with the headlights pointed at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
We're concentrating on falling apart . 
Jesus Christ that's pretty face , the kind you'd find on someone I could save . If they don't put me away , it'll be a miracle . 
Such a relaxing past few days . Entirely too content . :) 
I'm not gonna lie . I want you for mine . My blushing bride . 
I could sit here for hours finding new ways to be awed each minute ' cause the daylight seems to want you just as much as I want you 
Oh gotta see , gotta know right now . What's that riding on your everything ? 
It's like a book elegantly bound but in a language that you can't read just yet . 
And so it is just like you said it would be 
With the lights out , it's less dangerous 
My Chemical Romance ? 
Today is gonna be a long day ... 
Hurry up 8 o'clock! 
Ask me what it's like to have myself so figured out 
Don't be that note I can't hold . Don't be that joke that I told and told until it got old . 
Initiative comes to thems that wait . 
The time has come , my little friends ... 
Why do I always get to work incredibly early whenever I plan on being late ? 
Come on skinny love , just last the year ... 
These walls are paper thin and everyone hears every little sound 
My knowledge is comprehensive . 
Tomorrow's children will need a light to shine the way . Without you , who will tell them to stay ? 
Happy Zombie Jesus Rabbit Egg Finding Day 
I'm a peasant in your < PROPFEMALE > arms penniless with only charm . 
I'm in space 
Windmill for the land turn forever hand in hand . 
It's a paralleladox ! 
I do not think anyone knows what they're doing here ... 
