I'm having a fucking awesome time at < PROPFEMALE>'s! 

Chillin at my house at yet another blacklight blackout party ! 
i'm fuckin depressed that < PROPMALE>'s leaving soon it's so sad ! 
the next couple months predict to be a difficult and exhausting time ..... damnit . 
Is moving to Missouri in 11 days !!! 
is moving to Missouri in 9 days !! 
is moving to MO in 6 days ! 
is trying to block out the last three days ! 
won't last through the next 24 hours . 
is going to colorado to visit her brother tomorrow and won't be back until next monday 
is so confused right now 
would have rather had just one touch from your hand , just one breath of your hair , just one kiss from your lips than an eternity without it . Please don't hate me for breaking your heart , thank you for still being my friend . 
had an awesome day today ! 
-\I'm surrounded by idiots ! \"" 
got a tooth pulled yesterday and now i can't smoke until FRIDAY i hate dentists !!! 
can't wait for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party tonight ! 
can't wait for her friends to come back for the whole summer ! 
can't believe that these past few days were that epic . 
Thunderstorms <3 
really doesn't want to work tonight . 
can't believe she's wearing a dress right now fml ! lol 
is going swimming in .... 9 hours ! WOOT 
can't wait to see her baby sister on Saturday ! 
is for the first time in three years questioning everything . 
wants to play bacce ? bocce ? bochi ? ball again . 
is going to accomplish something today and it will be EPIC ! 
is going to create a masterpiece !!! 
is slowly accepting the fact that her friends are going to college in less than a week . 
< PROPFEMALE > Girls marathon .. the absolute best way to start the morning ! 
you know your day has been fullfilled when you have a 48 pound albino burmese python wrapped around you ! 
October is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it !. . . . Please put this up if you love someone who has or had cancer !! 
can't wait to see < PROPMALE > tonight !!! 
<3 s chocolate milk !!! 
couldn't have asked for a better weekend ! 
Thanks guys for all of the happy birthday wishes !!! I had an awesome birthday ! It's good to be 20 :) 
had an awesome night with < PROPMALE > Norby , < PROPFIRST > Jones , < PROPFEMALE > Stonger , Jojo , Jaron Petersen , and Zach Fizzy Bear Chappa !!! 
