Enjoying time w/the family today 

Trying to get to the Taste of Buffalo this weekend . Bastards scheduled me for the weekend again ... 
I've come to the conclusion that sometimes rather than reaching out to those we don't understand perhaps we should just duct tape them to a train headed for a brick wall . 
Homework is giving me a headache ... ouch : -9 
Looking for a new job , something related to I.T. in some way ... I'd be elated to land a tech support position let alone anything higher up . 
Trying to get in touch with old friends and acquaintances from high school and ITT 
Getting really sick of people who would rather burn bridges than accept that they were wrong . 
Loving this storm , though the lightning is too far beyond the horizon to get any good shots :-( 
Finishing up my homework and prepping for my final exams next week 
Got so much work to do ... getting nervous now . Just quit smoking and it's not helping ... 
Trying to get my schedule worked out for next semester so I can call my new employer and get my schedule worked out there . This is a nightmare *_* So yeah on that note I picked up a better job making better money from a chair rather than doing a crazy amount of work for < PROPFEMALE > wage at IHOP . 
Just finished up my exams . Glad to be done with school ; gonna enjoy my week long vacation by starting at my new job :D 
Thinking about setting a date with < PROPFEMALE > ... want to give everyone that wants to attend time to set aside a day but we're pretty well ready to roll =) 
Training for my job is going well . I've taken a couple of tests and gone over an obscene amount of material in the past couple days ... tomorrow is the last written test that I'm aware of and from there out it's all practical hands-on stuff =) 
Sorry if it seems like I'm getting out of touch ; I'm working 6 days a week now and school is starting next week taking up a total of 26 hours of additional time in my week ... I'm pretty loaded down -_- 
< PROPFEMALE>'s coming home today . Makes going to work so much nicer , knowing that I get to see her later on . 
Grandma Grande's b-day party was today , had a lot of fun chillin w/the family . =D 
Quit my job so I could do my schoolwork , just getting caught up now ... way too much trying to hold down that schedule . Looking for a part time gig now . If anyone knows of any openings for a < PROPMALE > network admin or a help desk position give me a shout :-) 
Wow ... I got called back in ??? Odd . Umm . Awkward . Apparently I'm still looking for a job but currently employed :D 
Wow I feel sick ... f ****** flu season :-( 
I'm trying to install a new OS on a 64-bit machine that shipped with Windows 7 ... I'd prefer a Linux distro which will host VMWare ; I need to run a domain controller on that box as it's the only machine I have access to with the specs to support a network . Any comments or suggestions from the peanut gallery would be really useful right about now -_- 
Wow what an exciting life ... the highlight of my day was coming home and flipping out because my laptop wasn't working ... taking all the modules off , cleaning everything and reassembling it ... only to realize it was an ID 10t error ; my power supply , buried under a pile of laundry , became detached between the wall and the unit iself ... PoS . ( Subsequently cleaned floor ) 
Caught up in 2/3 classes , carrying an A in both ; I need to catch up in math though . God willing some of the material will sink in this week or I'm gonna be sailing a sinking vessel . 
Hiring managers look at three things when reviewing candidates for I.T. positions : Experience , Education and Certifications . Given my work history and grades thus far I need to start adding alphabet soup to my name ... any advice on what certs to focus on ? I have about six months to obtain at least one cert beyond an A+ , although I plan on going for that ASAP . 
Was enjoying sleeping in ... now gotta get up and go to school . 
I did some heavy research and decided on which career path to take after I finish out at ITT Tech . I plan on going for my CISSP , which for me is a hefty exam , and then parading around trying to get a job within a year so I can avoid taking it again -_- 
Found a really great set of videos on assembly programming using ASM on Linux . Enjoying this greatly but I need to sleep ... need to learn ... need to sleep ... smoke ? 
Had my interview for school today ; I think I did well :-) 
Next time you feel like your life sucks , talk to someone with problems worse than yours and I assure you the combined reality check and feeling of helping another human being will lift your spirits :-) 
Wow it's a Saturday night and I have absolutely nothing to do ... this is depressing . 
Well , I've got all day to study for my final ... I'll be happy just to pass this class . 
Bored ... can't wait for this quarter to be over . I'm going to Lasertron btw , if anyone's interested . They put out overnight deals oriented towards adults and every Thursday there's a 4 hour session for $20 so let me know if you're interested . 
Ugh . Just got over a 24 hour bug which caused me to miss < PROPFEMALE>'s Capstone presentation ... Screw being sick . 
Just interviewed for a teaching position in the Buffalo school district . This is pretty exciting . 
I got a call back early this morning ; apparently the interview went well enough because I got the job offer :-) 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Good times , noodle salad . 
Never shopping on Black Friday ... ever ... again ... Stood in line for four hours waiting with < PROPFEMALE > to buy some pony thing for her niece , which when we finally got around to buying wouldn't fit in the car boxed and had no easy way to open it so I ended up sawing away at the box with keys ... ugh . 
Bored as hell :-( I need a life outside of school ... 
First day of teaching done . First day of stressing out over tomorrow ; never done . 
Congrats to all of the graduates at ITT Tech ; you guys earned it . 
Well , well , what to say ... currently mapping the rest of my course using Bloom's Taxonomy as a guideline . Great tool , but this is taking forever . 
My little brother is testing for his black belt in Tae Kwon Do today . Good luck < PROPMALE > ! 
Wow . 21 years old with no keys to get back into my house . FML . 
Alrighty , new week . Monday this week > Friday last week ... 
Got through a day that didn't involve detention or calling parents ( score ) 
Grading papers , looking forward to tomorrow . 
Wow . Just found an emulator for Gameboy games , N64 games , SNES/NES games ... ugh . Now how am I supposed to sleep EVER ? 
Attending school on a night you I'm not scheduled ... pure fail . On an up note , though , my home PC now has a functioning copy of Windows 7 and my laptop finally came in from work so I can use Office 2007 for my lesson plans :D 
Woot ! Christmas break = holiday for teachers . Total win . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . < PROPFIRST > , I truly hope you can take at least a minute to celebrate today . 
Party tonight !!! Oh , wait ... I'm the dd . Bleh . 
Good party . Ready for some sleep w/the girl now . 
Thanks his lucky stars for having such a wonderful woman . 
is angry that it costs more than $1300 to go to Portland for a few days ... 
Really not a fan of the new FB interface ... 
is wishing he could get this f ****** homework out of the way and move on with life ... 
As I cannot conceivably curb this crazy compulsion , captivated , captured and careemed within whirlwind wastelands , whilst we wage war with wagon wheels , where would < PROPMALE > wonder , put precisely , precariously , pintpointed pondering Panda survival stories ? 
Still working on homework ... I'm so behind lol ... 
Final exam tonight ... one research paper left and all of my work is done ... whew . On a positive note , I'm not fired ... at least for now . 
If guns are outlawed , then the only ones with guns will be the outlaws ... Not a pro gun advocater but the old saying can't really be argued with . I'm so sick of hearing this played out argument ... 
Thanks everybody , my birthday was much better because of all of you 
Fight practice was fun ; I got to practice my old style today and fought with some of the bestr fighters in this area . 
Closing time ; Wipe clean this bar for the final call , mop up the wreckage from the finite year count , shove the loved ones out of the spiritual crosshairs , close the door . 
Wow . Really good nights make for really sore mornings ... 
I often wonder to myself what the future of our country looks like . Will we be speaking Chinese in the next 50 years ? Will we revert to a monarchy to remedy our current socialist / aristocratic state ? Where can I find other people with similar interests outside of universities ? I want to talk to people about this stuff but I have so much to say I could write a book ... 
Beginning today , treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight . Extend to them all the care , kindness , and understanding you can muster , and do it with no thought of any reward . Your life will never be the same again . -Og Mandino 
Be happy while you're living , for you're a long time dead . -Scottish Proverb 
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path , and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Praagh 
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo , but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down . -Oprah Winfrey 
In the end we shall have had enough of cynicism and scepticism and humbug and we shall want to live more musically . - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gogh 
Religion convinced the world that there's an invisible man in the sky who watches everything you do . And there's 10 things he doesn't want you to do or else you'll to to a burning place with a lake of fire until the end of eternity . But he loves you ! ... And he needs money ! He's all powerful , but he can't handle money ! - < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
As long as people will accept crap , it will be financially profitable to dispense it . - < PROPMALE > Cavett 
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Remember , today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . - < PROPFIRST > Carnegie 
The most unbelievable social convention of the age in which we live is the one to the effect that all religious opinions should be respected , no matter how ignorant . - < PROPFIRST > Edelen 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > . It was great knowing you . 
“According to most studies , people's number one fear is public speaking . Number two is death . Death is number two . Does that sound right ? This means to the average person , if you go to a funeral , you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy . ” 
Plunge boldly into the thick of life , and seize it where you will , it is always interesting . Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , date with my bed ... good stuff . In hot water at work ; dreaming of a job involving sipping rum on a beach ... 
\The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time . \ " -Bertrand < PROPFIRST > " 
A man's face as a rule says more , and more interesting things , than his mouth , for it is a compendium of everything his mouth will ever say , in that it is the monogram of all this man's thoughts and aspirations . < PROPFIRST > Schopenhauer 
If you have nothing nice to say , I suggest you keep you fucking mouth shut before I cut your fucking tongue out . 
Drawing on my fine command of language , I said nothing . -Robert Benchley 
Just as the cool autumn breeze settles the warmblooded denizens of the < PROPMALE > so too does my homework gently rock me into hibernation . :P 
So , I managed to pick up a substitute teaching position to supplement my current position ; I'm pretty stoked as I have been strapped for cash of late . 
I'm looking for people interested in having a conversation ( think a forum with around 10,000 users ) regarding the United States and our current form of government . During the conversation I have some questions that I would like to bounce off of Americans from around the country , and I'd love to hear other peoples ' thoughts . 
What information consumes is rather obvious : it consumes the attention of its recipients . Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention , and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it . [ Herbert Simon ] 
So ... I'm re-exploring C++ programming as a viable second job right now , brushing up on my syntax and studying existing code libraries . It was never my favorite language , but work always seems to be available for C++ code monkeys ; I need the extra cash after graduation in September so why not ... 
So ... it's 12:10 am right now and here I am ... still awake . Working on a friend's computer . \ 
\ 
</3 
So ... who here saw the new google banner today ? If not you're missing out on a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > :P 
Can't wait to be finished with this quarter ... it's all I can think about right now . 
So World , what's up ? I've been too busy between ITT and Oracle to worry much about anything else ; how about all of you ? 
Classes officially end June 14th . I'm not sure who's more excited , me or the students ^^ 
Well , with Oracle over with all I need now is to handle my classes at ITT and continue teaching KidCo , which is set to ramp up to near full time over the summer . This should be an interesting season . 
Well , about that ; due to Oracle not continuing their contract I also seem to have lost mine . So ... I look forward to finishing school at ITT within the next three months :-) 
Sorry to all my Scadian buddies but I won't be able to make practice tonight ; I'm feeling under the weather and got winded carrying my gear from the trunk up the stairs ... bleh . 
OK , I call camp out in my backyard tonight . I'm going to need to obtain a tent though :P Drinks are already covered , this should be fun ! 
OK , totally ready for this infection to die . 
The one thing I really miss about MySpace was music ... today my profile song would definitely be \Rise above this\ " by Seether . " 
Christ I'm bored ... 
Alrighty Facebook . Here we go ; I've had no stable internet connection for a while and I don't forsee having this for very long . I've been sick so anyone who I neglected to speak with I apologize . I'm hoping to make it down to fight practice tonight but no promises , and as for everything else I'm just trying to find some motivation to finish up everything I need to do for school . 
Lost my phone and left my laptop this morning ... bleh . To top it off I got nailed on 2 parking violations in 2 days -_- 
Trying to get my license ; getting a ride out to take my 5 hour course seems to be a problem , any voulanteers ? -_- 
Just noticed that Time < PROPMALE > is hiring for tech support . Maybe I'll be back at work sooner than I thought . 
Trying to catch up on an old TV series I used to watch ... I'm like 4 seasons behind . Bless the Internet ... 
Heading up to school for a while , if anyone wants to get a hold of me just shoot me a message on FB or email . 
Graduation from ITT coming up soon ; I can't wait to be finished with all of this :D 
Was just curious , and I'm wondering if anyone has some keywords or even a link for me ... what are your rights during an encounter with police ? Had an interesting set of conversations this morning and it got me thinking , and Google just comes up with a bunch of specific videos pertaining to instances which are pretty irrelevant ... 
Ok , so graduation from ITT is coming up ; September 9th for anyone who's interested in coming . I'm a little broke to be paying for everyone , but if you want to come out to dinner and celebrate I'm planning on going out to < PROPFEMALE > Garden on < PROPFEMALE > Rd . \ 
Please let me know if you'd like to go so I can give them a heads up on the size of the party . Hope to see you all there ! 
Oh ... And for anyone who wanted to get a hold of me ... I no longer have a cell so just message me on FB -_- 
Sleep ... 
Heading up to school later ; anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out for a bit ? 
Keep talking to the sky in response to crisis and see where it gets you . 
T minus 11.5 hours and counting until my ITT career is at an end ! 
Officially done with school ... all that's left is walking the stage . 
Landed an interview for a tech support position on Tuesday . Would be so nice to reemployed soon . 
K I'm bored ... anyone who said they * might * be able to make plans and hasn't contacted me , forget it ... 
Just got confirmation that I aced my final two classes . Good stuff . 
Looking forward to tomorrow morning . Wish me luck ! 
Just got back from my interview . I forgot a few things and felt pretty underprepared overall , but the job seems like a good match , so hopefully I can patch things up with the thank you letter . 
Looks like a storm is brewing outside . This should be fun . 
OK fb , how do you help a friend when they're having trouble and you have the solution but they won't hear it ? 
Feeling good . I honestly hope today never ends :D 
If you think you're too small to have an impact , try going to bed with a mosquito in the room . 
We have no say over the hand dealt us in life , but\ 
we do have a lot of control over how this hand is played . We are\ 
responsible for bringing out the meaning of our own lives in each\ 
moment that we live . Remember each moment happens only once and can\ 
never be retrieved again . - < PROPFEMALE > Andersen 
What a grand thing , to be loved ! What a grander thing still , to love ! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - 
“Love comes when manipulation stops ; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you . When you dare to reveal yourself fully . When you dare to be vulnerable . ” 
RIP Dugan . \ 
“I am ready to meet my Maker . Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter . ”\ 
-Churchill 
\Be aware that a halo has to fall only a few inches to be a noose . \ " \ 
If < PROPFEMALE > means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear . \ 
[ George Orwell , 1945 ] 
When you combine ignorance and leverage , you get some pretty interesting results . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Buffett 
\Reasonable people adapt to the world . Unreasonable people persist in trying to adapt the world to themselves . Therefore 
To boast of a performance which I cannot beat is merely stupid vanity . And if I can beat it that means there is nothing special about it . What has passed is already finished with . What I find more interesting is what is still to come . \ 
-- < PROPMALE > Zatopek 
She had fire in her soul , it was easy to see , how the devil Himself could be pulled out of me ... 
It is the < PROPFIRST > of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it . -Aristotle 
\There are no atheists in foxholes\ " isn't an argument against atheism 
The world has achieved brilliance without wisdom , power without conscience . Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants . We know more about war that we know about peace , more about killing that we know about living . ~ Omar < PROPMALE > 
Making fun of born-again Christians is like hunting dairy cows with a high powered rifle and scope . \ 
P . J . O'Rourke 
Ok , the party doesn't officially start until 5:30 tonight . Sorry if some of you can't make it . 
Waiting for the interview tomorrow ; gonna see a movie w/the woman later on tonight :D 
\Pro is to con as progress is to congress . \ " \ 
I'd like to commend the Buffalo Police for a job well done tonight . Saw a guy on a bike going through cars outside and called it in ; police were here within a couple of minutes and they did a damn good job of looking for whatever evidence they could find before they left . Just wanted to point out a good deed on the part of a police department that doesn't get a lot of love around here . 
Gonna try to get my 5 hour course taken care of today ... badly overdue . 
Heading out to a wedding tomorrow ; here's to hoping the weather is so kind then as it was today :D 
\A faith that cannot survive collision with the truth is not worth many regrets . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > C . Cla " 
\When you talk to God it's called prayer ; when God talks to you it's called schizophrenia . \ " -- A line from The Outer Limits TV show " 
\As a cynic I generally expect the worst . I'm rarely disappointed . \"" 
\The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw " 
Fuck bigots . It's come to my attention more and more recently how pervasive this problem is , even in the US , and I'm just so sick of hearing one-sided arguments that I could scream ... Particularly as a white guy , I catch the brunt of bigotry towards whites and men on a regular basis , and this is seemingly acceptable to most of society . 
Started reading < PROPFIRST > Keene's \The Rising\ " today . Pretty twisted stuff . " 
Working on a couple of AMVs ... this is the first time I've really taken the time to play around with this stuff and let me be the millionth person to bitch about having to convert files to wmv format to work with them ... 
\Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction . \ " -- Blaise Pascal " 
is very happy to have such a wonderful girl by his side . 
is wondering where the day went ... went to sleep at like 9am this morning and just woke up a few minutes ago . 
Filling out more job applications . Really hoping something comes through ; sick of not having $$ 
\The men the American people admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars ; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth . \ " \ 
Heading out to an open interview this morning . Here's to hoping that this is one of those \Showed up early . Check . Presentable . Check . \ " gigs ... " 
Interviewed for a call center position yesterday . They said I should get a 2nd interview before the week is out . 
Totally quote of the day worthy ... \ 
It's been a rough day . I got up this morning , put on a shirt , and a button fell off . I picked up my briefcase and the handle came off . Now I'm afraid to go to the bathroom . \ 
-- < PROPMALE > Dangerfield 
Just looked at the highlights from the war reports recently leaked by wikileaks.org; I'm not sure what all of the fuss is about ... Civilian casualties , hit lists , new technology backfiring , assassinations . That's it . These are the classics of war folks , and it's got me scratching my head as to why this is such a big deal . Somebody , preferably somebody who's currently serving or who has served , please fill me in . 
Considering enrolling for a few classes this upcoming semester ... any tips in terms of dealing with more traditional schools ? 
So , went to my interview today and came home to two messages asking for more interviews . Cool . 
Busy day ! Got a lot done today and I'm planning on being to fight practice tomorrow . Definitely time for some sleep -_- 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Spong , retired Episcopal bishop : \Seldom did Christians pause to recognize the ogre into which they had turned God . A human father who would nail his son to a cross for any purpose would be arrested for child abuse . Yet that continued to be said of God as if it made God more holy and more worthy of worship . \"" 
Interview in the morning . Hoping all goes well . Please . Please . Please . Hell , maybe one more ... Please . 
Feeling a bit under the weather today . Interview went well yesterday ; the position I was called about looks good and there are other openings the company is looking to fill . 
Downloading Vent today . I'll be on soon ; need to make a pit stop home so I can grab the config data and my mic from my desktop . 
Still unemployed . Going for my road test on the 12th . Joy . 
Kind of a troublesome week , seems like nothing much accomplished and a lot of let downs . Cheers to Monday . 
Chilled with a friend today for the first time in a while . Good times . 
Watching the AMV Hell vids with the girlie . What a day :D 
Saw Skyline with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today . Save your $$ and see one of the other movies folks . Thinking we might go see Megamind or RED . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons , 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this ! 
So , like , when is it that it's fair to say that there is a god , and he hates me ? My transmission is shot on my car . 
ATTENTION FACEBOOK ! \ 
I'm now officially in the business of maintaining and repairing PCs ! If any of you have any computer problems I charge a flat rate of $50 for reformats or $100 for repairs , parts costs notwithstanding . Message me on FB with your contact information and a description of the problem and I'll be in touch within 24 hours . 
You hacked my rutabagga with a sword ??? 
Woot ! Survived 5 hours outside in November ... :P 
Looking to go back to college for the spring semester . Wish me luck . 
The interview went well ; I think I've got it but it requires transportation which I currently don't have no thanks to my busted transmission . Now it's a scramble to see if I can get the car fixed . 
Still looking for work . If you guys need any help with your PCs please don't hesitate to contact me . My rates are much better than Best Buy or other big box retailers . 
Got my car insurance cancelled . Trying to find a buyer for $300 . Scrap yards around here are insanely low with bids and won't come up for shit . 
Finally got into silver league . Christ ... it took me over a week . 
Medaille just sent me an acceptance notice . Good stuff , I'm looking forward to it . 
Just finished setting up my appointment with an advisor over at Medaille . I'm starting to get excited about going back to school :-) 
Funny how I get the job offer for the one job that requires a car a couple weeks after my car dies : -9 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody . Hope your holidays are going well . 
Finally got to go see the parental units , good times . Christmas complete . 
Heading over to see < PROPFEMALE>'s family for their Christmas party tomorrow ; this should be fun :D 
Just downloaded some n64 roms . This evening won't be so boring at least . 
Just read Stardust today . Totally worthwhile read with a solid wrap up ; I strongly suggest it to everyone , especially if you're in the mood for something feel-good . 
fafsa paperwork sucks 
Just wrapped up the first season of Rome ; definitely worth checking out if you haven't seen it already on HBO . 
For the record I don't take it kindly when people blow me off . Don't expect to speak with me again . 
Check-in for college is Monday at 10am . Any dontations for a poor college kid would be appreciated ... things like a coffee maker or toaster would make life a lot easier . 
So my first day of school went well I think . Sitting down to do some homework before I head back to see my lovely girl . 
So , got my desktop and my clothes moved into my dorm ... forgot some stuff ... like soap ... and and ethernet cable ... but hey we're getting somewhere . Looking forward to three classes tomorrow and then getting books and sitting down for some serious study time . 
Good morning to the book of face ! Just got finished with breakfast and time for classes ... then I'm feeling a nice long nap . 
So , for anyone who knows anything about sc2 , I just made Platinum Legaue for 2v2 randoms ... pretty excited about it . 
Just wrapped up an essay for my writing class and heading off to bed . Looking forward to tomorrow . 
Still happy to be in school but missing the woman . 
Got a pillow for my dorm and got my phone charger . Moving up in the world =-D 
Book of Face you fail me yet again . Someone post something interesting :-( 
So I think me , this 40 and Ventrilo are gonna have a little reunion tonight ... so bored . 
Wow . I don't have my tax return from 2009 and it's screwing me over terribly ... I can't get in touch with a human being from the IRS to save my life and I got my unemployment shut off a couple weeks back and I can't find out why ... fml . 
One of my classes was cancelled today ... bleh . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > for a bit and now digging into some gaming/reading . 
I wonder if school will be open tomorrow . Everyone who's been here says that Medaille isn't known for shutting down due to weather . 
Is an hour in the cold worth going to sit around on your ass watching TV ? I need your opinion FB . 
Perhaps I should wait a month or two for her to settle herself here , away from all the lying and play-acting of our life at the high-rise of our ruling pooldar . 
Class in the morning but I'm having trouble falling asleep ... story of my life . I was born nocturnal . 
Well , this day went downhill quick . I'm going back to bed . 
Starting my workout routine again today and I plan on posting a few rants in the coming days if anyone's interested . 
So ... 14 point difference in the first quarter ... pretty fail for a sport known to be \all about defense \"..." 
OK then . Off to class for the next four and a half hours or so . 
Got cut loose early from my first class but I'm feeling exhausted due to a visit with the rents that resulted in a very early morning for me . At this point I just want to make it through my classes and crash . 
Just got out of class and sitting down after talking to my wonderful girl . Time to print out some study guides and eat dinner staring at pictures of human brains ... yum . 
Just wrapped up my test in psychology ... the review notes were useless and I feel like I probably bombed it .. 
