loves how he's able to solve math problems in his sleep . 

is exhausted . What a loooooong week . 
To me , there are three things we all should do every day . We should do this every day of our lives . Number one is laugh . You should laugh every day . Number two is think . You should spend some time in thought . Number three is , you should have your emotions moved to tears , could be happiness or joy . But think about it . If you laugh , you think , and you cry , that's a full day . That's a heck of a day . - < PROPFIRST > V . 
I'm quitting winter . 
US Mens curling team , what a disappointment . I feel bad for the skip . Three straight chances to win a game at the end and three straight missed shots . 
Can't believe that Canada and Switzerland are tied 2-2 ! 
it is possible to be awake at this hour 
With all of my abstract reasoning studying going on lately , I've been wanting to get more in touch with my creative side , so here's a rough haiku I started working on : Face awash with glow Pictures flicker through my mind Silence fills the room I'd like to work on the first line a bit but it's what it is right now . Bonus points for figuring this out . 
so glad hockey playoffs are starting on Wednesday . Looks like I'll be looking for a new NFL team to root for this season . Any suggestions ? 
1 final , two projects down , three finals to go . 
I just smacked myself in the head really hard . We've gotta score on one of these chances eventually . 
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllll 
The US tops the group and Slovenia after playing for the 1-0 loss doesn't make it through . Ha ! 
GO BRAZIL !!!!! 
9 pages and I'm done . Just one more 10+ paper to do by next Tuesday and the worst of the summer work will be done . 
Comprehensive exam questions finished . Two more two-page papers to go then sleepy time ! 
15 pages down and just 7 more pages of writing then about 8 pages of references left to go 
Is officially done with classes for the summer and it's only 3 am ! Now I get two whole days \off\ " ( plus the weekend ) before student teaching begins . " 
Yes , snow days are just as exciting when you're a teacher as they were when you were a kid ! The only difference is I'm using this time to finish my last bit of school work . 
I'm still in awe of all the things God has done to bring me to this point in my life . Thanks to all my family and friends for being an encouragement to me . It's been an awesome ride so far and who knows what's next . 
I'm thinking Letang might need some glasses . I don't think he's hit the 4x6 with a shot from the point in a bout a month . 
