Walked in the ocean ! 

The one day out of the year we give our dads respect and i'm on the other side of the country ... 
Lots of rain+hot summer day = Really Really muggy day , ugh 
The Yankees are Awesome ! 
\What we've got here is ... failure to communicate . \"" 
wishes he knew how all these changes are going to affect him this next week ... 
My sister is a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just had an Awesome day fishing in the ocean ! 
Only two weeks left ! All I have to do is survive two more weeks ! 
Holy cow it's already been a year ! 
I sold my car ! 
My car is sold , school is paid for , and I know how I'm getting to the airport . Now all I have to do is survive just a little longer on the east coast ! 
Goodbye New York !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Digging pits , chopping wood , shoveling manure ... gotta love life on a farm . 
Had an awesome day at Lagoon ! 
I have internet again ! 
Idaho here I come !! 
is back in < PROPFIRST > wants something to do tonight , please call me if you have any idea's . 
The cycle has begun ... track school track school track school track ... 
Guns+Bear Lake = Lots of fun ! 
Camping , guns , demolition derby , cute girls , parties , lucha libre masks , and cops ... this has been a pretty fun weekend ! 
Sitting at home alone on Homecoming/Friday night how much more of a loser can I be . 
53 points in one game ! 
The Yankees are one game closer to the World Series ! 
Game 2 down only 9 more wins ! 
So much for a Yankee Cardinal World Series ... GO YANKEES !!! 
Bring it on Angels ! 
YANKEES WIN ! YANKEES WIN ! YANKEES WIN ! 
Yankees only one win from World Series ! 
The Yankees may have lost but I had an AWESOME time at the masquerade ball tonight ! 
YANKEES WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why can't I stay asleep all night but as soon as my alarm goes off I can't stay awake :( 
YANKEES WIN ! Lets go break some hearts in Philly now ! 
An AMAZING two out rally and the Yankees WIN ! Only one game to go ! 
YANKEES WIN , YANKEES WIN , YANKEES WIN , now if I can only survive the rest of the semester 
My Newest Favorite Movie : The Movie Hero . You should go watch it ! 
Do NOT feed your bearded dragon box elder bugs ! Unless you want to watch you lizard trip out for hours . 
300 !!!! lbs on squats that is ! 
Well I had my thanksgiving dinner tonight and tomorrow I leave on an adventure with my dad and brother ! 
Nothing like choclate milk and a rotisserie cooked chicken to keep you warm on snowy December day ! 
I love my blonde minded friends :) 
GREAT WEEKEND !!! 
BSU WINS but I'm already sick of being sick . 
Running into the wind on ice = Futility 
The rainbow ... 
Only four more months and its over ! 
Does anyone know of a an easy class I can take at 8:30 or 10:30 on MWF ?? 
Bracket-Buster Night for the Aggies ! 
WAC CHAMPS !!! 
Go USU Track and Basketball !!! 
1 week in Arizona+a new PR = a Great Spring Break :) 
Stupid ankles ... why must they torment me so ? 
Very cleaver mother nature ... we all thought your snow on April Fools day was funny for the first couple of inches but now its time to make it all go away and warm up . Sincerly , Everyone on the track team 
Opening Day of Baseball Starts today ! Go Yankees !!! 
Track meet today in < PROPFIRST > ! everyone should come and support the team or at least me :) The meet starts at 11:30 I run at 2:00 just North of the Football Stadium . 
PR's for Both Cade and I this weekend ! That's how the < PROPMALE > brothers roll ! 
7 Pr's and a conference championship ... not a bad season , not bad at all . 
SO my new job is about the coolest job in the world ! 
Fakt 582 : Love does not conquer all . 
I'm back ! Well sort of ... I will be somewhere in Idaho or Utah with phone reception for the next week . 
Goodbye and Good Luck to < PROPFIRST > and Briton ! And Goodbye cruel world ... I will see you again in 8 days . 
Snow on the 4th of July ... who would have thunk :s 
Time to go shoot stuff . 
So does anyone else think Lebron , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > all playing in Miami is going to be insane !!! They better be in the Championship every year for the rest of the Decade ! 
Everyone is gettin ' summer lovin ' but me . 6 of my friends have anounced their engagements which is also Lebron < PROPFIRST>' new number ... coincidence ? I think not ! Good Luck to all of you and GO HEAT ! 
I'm BACK !!! 
So I'm planning on going to the Owl City/John Mayer concert in SLC on August 31st and if anyone is interested in going with me they should tell me before Sunday so I can buy tickets together . 
Hi-Ho Hi-Ho It's off to work I go . I will see everyone in a week ! 
I have tickets to go see Owl City and < PROPFIRST > Mayer !!! 
A-Rod Hits 600 !!! 
Last week of work ! 
I'm done !!! Work is officially over ! 
I'm dieing of bordom ... someone please save me ! 
This has been a great week and its just going to get better ! 
So I just shaved my legs ... with a < PROPMALE > knife . 
Awesome weekend ... but only one week of summer left , must go out with a bang ! 
So I watched my brother dominate in soccer today ... I almost want to watch more soccer ... almost . 
I'm going to a < PROPFIRST > Mayer/Owl City concert tomorrow and have an extra ticket . We will be leaving < PROPFIRST > at 5 if anyone is interested please contact me ASAP . First come first serve . 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer was AWESOME last night ... oh and Owl City was pretty good too ! 
1st day of practice is over ! Only 9 months of running to go . 
Where did my last 2 days go ? It should still be Sunday afternoon ! :s 
I think I hate < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :( 
Time to hibernate , wake me when the snow leaves . 
Back to school ... :/ 
< PROPFIRST > Carrabba was AWESOME , Thank You < PROPFIRST > for the GREAT < PROPFIRST > tmas present ! 
Thank You < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for remembering :) 
Down but not out . Two hits too many this week , guess it's time to dust off again and let these wounds heal . 
ATTENTION : Everyone that is still in < PROPFIRST > should go to the home and garden show at the field house over the next two days and will want some company . \ 
P.S. I will be in a dunking pool ! 
One , nothing wrong with me . Two , Nothing wrong with me . Three , Nothing Wrong With Me . Four , Nothing Wrong With Me ! One , somethings got to give . Two , Somethings got to give . Three , Somethings Got To Give ... 
Goodbye cold and dreary Utah , Hello beautiful warm Arizona ! 
Two PR's and a wonderful weekend in Arizona ! 
Hi I'm Mercer . And I like boys . Especially < PROPMALE > . 
Most boring Saturday of my life :/ 
Here is a more positive one : Had a blast with my lil ' sis over the weekend ! 
Bilingual Shrimp 
