Happy New Year Everyone ! Just got home anbody want to give me a ride tomorrow to the third < PROPMALE > to get my car ugh no thats alright I could walk it .... maybe ... 

work 32 hours out of the next 48 ... blah 
is haha good times , so tired from work though ... 
early night cause I most definately need it ... 
is glad I moved my car while it was only in eight inches deep of water on the street since it is still pouring outside ... 
Like A Comet Blazing ' Cross The Evening Sky Gone Too Soon Like A Rainbow Fading In The Twinkling Of An Eye Gone Too Soon Shiny And Sparkly And Splendidly Bright Here One Day Gone One Night Like The Loss Of Sunlight On A Cloudy Afternoon Gone Too Soon Lik 
I think these nicotine patches are making me bruise , cause I'm counting like 20 bruises right now and I hardly ever bruise ... oh well 
was going to go to summerfest ... but summerfest has already made me poor and I do not feel it would be wise to spend the last $20 in my pocket on a ticket and one beer ... damn it all ... 
Taking it easy till the weekend , cause I'm sick of waking up every morning feeling like crap ... 
Finally got internet at my house ! Hooray ! 
So much for good intentions ... 
Bumming on the beach , doesn't get much better than this ... 
is fighting a battle I will eventually lose , the question is whether to continue fighting when the outcome is inevitable ... 
Just won a party at Buckheads ! Woohoo ! 
is you think you know shit but you don't and that makes me feel sad not for me but for you ! 
Going up north for the state water ski show this weekend , should be fun ! 
is abusing my body like I'm 18 again and my body is getting pissed ... 
Party at Buckheads tomorrow ( friday 7/24/09) ! 7-9 $1 drinks 9-10 $2 drinks and 7-10 free entry as long as you use my name when you get there , cause I won a free party ! Hope to see you there ! 
Spending the Day at < PROPMALE > Street Festival since it is right by my house ! 
Trying to make my way to the beach looks like I might be flying solo , but its a nice day so I am probably going anyway ... 
Who the hell would order a taro smoothie ? I mean are they for real ? 
Sometimes you just gotta drop it and take it for what its worth ... 
Now jump up and get crazy , Now jump up and get crazy ... Come on lets get crazy ... 
Going to camp for a week tomorrow after work ! Then returning for two birthdays in a row ! I am going to be dead to the world next sunday before my double that monday ... 
Back after a great week at camp , excited for birthday party weekend since I have a couple to go to ! 
Toppers can blow me ! Fuckin Morons ! 
Ugh ... 
Another birthday party soooo I am going to sleep all day tomorrow to recooperate from everything ! 
wondering what to do with my day ... the options are limitless , but a run followed by the beach sounds pretty good right now 
I went for a run and sweat was stinging my eyes most of the run . After the run I threw up . But , I am trying to be more optimistic and I came to four conclusions . ( One ) I need to invest in a sweatband , ( Two ) My nerves in my eyes still work , ( Three ) I pushed myself to the best of my ability , and ( Four ) I got a good ab workout from the retching . See there is always a silver lining ! 
Just finished cleaning my room , it's so clean I hardly even recognize it ! 
Guess I had to go back to work eventually ... 
Who in their right mind goes skinny dipping by themselves ? Oh that's right me apparently .... 
Brewers Game ! 
State Fair on Thursday for the first time in 8 years ... kind of excited ... 
If you wander enough you will find your car maybe and maybe figure a way to get home when you find it if you are lucky , guess I was lucky , but that doesn't mean i am not pissed cause believe me i am ... 
After work I have decided to sleep until I must get up saturday morning cause I am running on fumes ... 
wedding tomorrow ... 
Had a great time at the wedding now whats everyone up to tonight ? 
Wishing I had more money cause I can't do much until I earn some more ... 
Can't wait for this weekend , with the golf outting and the party up north all weekend ! 
One more day of work before a long weekend of fun !!! 
And the fun begins ! 
Going to bed early so not tempted to eat the food I don't have ... 
Just pondering what to do with my life ... 
Probably going out against my better judgement ... 
Watching the season finale of the first season of Jericho , then hanging out with a long lost friend before a wedding reception 
Needs to start prioritizing better 
Going up north for the weekend , can't wait ! 
I thought I smelled garlic ... 
work all day , work all night , shitty ... 
starting a long stretch of work ... hip hip hooray ... 
work early this morning , a nap just sounds perfect for after work 
Got bit , got scratched , got rug burn , got hit in the eye with a rock , all in a days work , yes indeed ... 
Is just enjoying life , although it would be a little easier to enjoy with a little more money ... 
Today we celebrate the return from Arkansas , tomorrow we recooperate ... 
Is happy that most of his friends are reliable :) 
Enjoying my day off ... 
needs to work on not being an asshole , but its hard cause I'm good at it ... 
is just plain bored with everything the way it is , maybe vegas will help in a week and a half !!! 
one week till vegas woohoo ! 
work , work , work , bachelor party , work , work , work , vegas , work , day off , work , work , work , wedding , work , work , work , day off ... busy couple of weeks starting today and ending on October 14th ... 
vegas vegas vegas !!! 
sigh ... first day in about a month with nothing planned and I don't feel like doing anything ... 
beginning to think I have insomnia or something cause haven't been able to sleep much for a while now and when I have slept I kept waking up throughout the night , looks like I'm going to have to invest in some nyquil or something 
< PROPFEMALE > kicked my ass , yet back I go on thursday ... :) 
Can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > and Point this weekend ... I am foreseeing a weekend of haziness and craziness that would make for great stories if only we can remember what the fuck actually happens ... 
twiddling my thumbs ... 
lati fuckin da ... 
And that's just not the way it is ... as much as I would like it to be ... 
Fuck that u don't want me to say shit then tell me , but I won't not say anything you tell me cause as a friend u should realize that that is bullshit 
yeah for laundry ... 
Swine flu free is the way to be ! 
< PROPFEMALE > for some halloween festivities ... hope to see you there ! 
party and then state street call me if your in < PROPFEMALE > this weekend 414 313 7910 
scratch state street out in < PROPFEMALE > , I'm all over you ... 
back to work i go ... crap ... 
is in a weird funk ... 
Baby You ! You got what I need ! But you say he's just a friend and you say he's just a friend ! 
Mama said they'd take me anywhere . She said they was my magic shoes . 
My momma always said , \Life was like a box of chocolates . You never know what you're gonna get . \"" 
Stupid is as stupid does sir ! 
damn you insomnia let me be 
feeling pathetic cause I have done nothing with my day off 
woke up tonight to a phone call and thought I was late to work , I hate when that happens 
in point , glorious ... 
Sometimes I think I should not be allowed out in public lol , but it was fun 
Whys everybody trying to get on me haha 
I wish I knew what it felt like ... 
is it weird that I got out of my car moved a pile of leaves and sticks with my hands and then parked my car there ? 
haha too much fun ... 
Going out the night before a double ... never a good idea ... 
work tommorow then up north for the weekend I guess ... 
oh the choices I make sometimes ... 
My mother would not be proud ... 
In Milwaukee for the weekend , whats going on ? 
What a waste of a day ... 
Ready to go all out ! 
needs sleep like a hobo needs a home 
I'm still alive , but I'm barely breathing 
Have to get up and move my car from the school parking lot down the road at 6:30 in the morning on my day off thanks to the freakin snow emergency woohoo ! 
Awww Fiddlesticks ... 
Anyone up to anything tonight ? I'm bored and looking for something to do ... 
And screw it I'm in for the night , too cold , maybe tomorrow ! 
gonna get some stuff done cause I need to hooray for productivity 
Going \Balls to the Walls\ " as my friend so eloquently put it ! " 
is SUPER Pooped ! 
Sensing big changes coming , not sure I'm ready ... 
Family Christmas party and snowboarding today , looking forward to it ! 
Ugh and the aches and pains begin , but so worth it ! 
If I didn't have things to do I feel I could sleep forever ... 
Is getting in the holiday spirit by going shopping for other people ... but leaving with stuff for myself ... 
New Motto : Fuck it ... can't handle anything more positive these days 
Nothing better than a belly full of pasta before trying to go to sleep 
Dang I was tired from not getting enough sleep and I got 16 hours of sleep last night so .... now I am tired from getting too much sleep ... leaving me in a perpetual state of tiredness , which sucks ! 
Smile while you can ... 
All work and no play ... until wednesday ... 
Going GaGa ... 
Do you like my haircut in my profile picture ? 
Going Gaga ... again ... 
Happy Hangover ... I mean Happy Holidays ... Or both in some cases ... 
Happy Holidays to All , Hope you have a Ball , Hope your all not to broke and that during your Holiday Feasts you don't Choke ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
No offense if I don't know who you are if you call me cause I just got a new phone 
fml ... I hate the flu I hate the flu I hate the flu , I especially hate waking up and immediately discovering that you have the flu an hour after you went to bed last night ... 
CRASH ! 
Another day , another dollar ... 
looking at my finances and realizing that I am not in good financial shape to last till the next paycheck ... 
Fuck off 2009 , I want me some of 2010 ! 
Pretty sure I just got decorated and my new years kiss was a lesbian nurse girl of my dreams until I found out she was a lesbian ... 
Happy new years to the people I love ! 
How come I'm always the last one standing on New Years ...? 
Self Control ... I don't know what that means ... off to Buckheads ... 
Ended up in dirty stallis how unexpected ! 
Curled up in bed , eating < PROPFIRST > johns and watching disney movies :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENN-O ! 
so screwed .... 
Just devoured two bacon cheese whoppers and feels gross for doing it , but boy was it good ! 
so much to do today and I'm exhausted 
Third night in a row with crazy and vivid dreams ... 
I just don't know anymore ... 
Can't wait for sleep cause sleep equals an escape from reality ... 
Somethings not right ... 
Going to LaCage with the LaCage gang , should be an interesting night ... 
What hallucinogenics were the writers of the neverending story on , really I would like to know 
needs to get regulated 
Monumental task today : Cleaning my room , let it get way to out of control ... 
GO SAINTS ! 
HAPPY AUSTRALIA DAY ! With some < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Tripod and The Veronicas . If only I was at Australia Day Live Again ! 
Today was not my day ... Maybe tomorrow ... 
Work , Eat , Sleep ... This is literally all I have done since monday ... 
Weird ... Coming home and going to bed on a Monday ... that doesn't happen ... ever ... 
It's doppelgänger week on facebook . Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you look like !! 
Going to Minnesota for a weekend ski/snowboard trip , then 16 hours day of work , then mardi gras in New Orleans ... sometimes I truely love life :) 
New Orleans in a couple hours .... :) 
I want a freakin poboy ! Guess < PROPFIRST > Johns will have to do ... 
Might need to give up drinking for a while after this weekend cause my body is pretty much saying \FUCK U ! \"" 
Wondering why people only eat boiled peanuts in the south ... 
Time to make some healthy choices ! 
Enjoying sobriety ... kind of ... 
Cannot wait for the summer in Milwaukee , tis the place to be once June comes along ! 
Working and taking it easy ... cause that's what I need to do 
loves all his friends ! 
< PROPFIRST > E's Friday Night ( Corner of Beloit Rd and Hwy 100 ) with some friends , the more the merrier ! 
Saturday : PreBar at my place then Viktors ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hood ( to Maid < PROPFEMALE > ) - Everytime you go anywhere you get arrested , stabbed or betrothed ... You should just stay home and do your embroidery ! Believe it or not she got PISSED OFF ! 
Enjoying the small things in life like laying in bed and watching a movie :) 
how to answer the question ... not a lie , rather a partial truth is usually the safest answer ... 
Hello Shame ... Not too surprised to see you again after a night of drinking ... 
Can't wait for the St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day Parade cause I've been going through parade withdrawal since Mardi Gras 
Planning my next adventure ! 
Wishing I had more money ... 
Wondering ... 1 ) How on earth did I survive from ten this morning till bar close and 2 ) In the morning will I remember that there are green shamrock tattoo's all over my face and neck ... But I had great times with great people all day ( That I know I will not forget , love every one of you that I saw ... well most of you anyway ;) ) 
The Madness Begins ! GO MORMONS ! 
Go Colonials ! 
Predicting a Racers victory over the Commodores 
Enjoying my last day off before working 7 days in a row with a double in there somewhere 
Breaking out the shorts tomorrow ... 
Really mad I stayed up to watch the movie 9 dead when I should have been sleeping cause I personally feel it may have the worst ending of any movie I have ever seen , what a let down ... 
When DRUNK , My phone should say , \Are you sure you want to send this text ? \"" 
Dieing is easy until you have to think about it , Living is hard until you don't think about it ... 
Sick of being single ... Time to lower my standards ... 
Stoked for Autism Awareness Day this Friday ! 
Happy Autism Awareness Day ! 
no homeless man I will not trade my pizza for your bag with four sunflower seeds in it I don't care if ur hungry who do you think u r ? 
Well u look like a hot greek god so I'd guess your 32 ... my response : umm ... cool ... 
Great brunch at the < PROPFEMALE > club with the fam ! 
Picked up my stealth today and I love it ! 
Completely exhausted right now 
Ask me again and I will throw u through a window 
Oh ... shit ... 
Honestly debating if I'm crazy work in less than four hours 
Daydreaming about my bed where I will spend the rest of my night once I get home from work 
Decisions ... Decisions ... 
What's everybody up to tonight ? 
I just witnessed a pool miracle two eight ball breaks in a row ! 
Just got slapped six times in six seconds think I deserved five of them ... 
la la la 
All I want is grilled cheese and tomato soup ... too bad I don't have bread , cheese or soup ... 
What a nightmare grrr ... 
Make it through the whole winter without getting my car towed and it just got towed blah blah blah need to get my shit together ... 
Double today and my work keys are in my car which got towed away yesterday ... 
That cop was an asshole ! 
Enjoying the day before work now that I got my car back :) 
That Brewers game made me sick 
Veterans park again after work I can't wait anybody who wants to come is more than welcome frisbees footballs music and beers ... 
Absolutely disgusted to te point of not wanting to associate ... 
Tired but I cant sleep due to my sinuses :( 
so much for a fun night on the town ... guess i'll just watch a movie and get some much needed sleep instead 
scratch that ... going out ... \no turning back \"..." 
sleep is a necessity ... 
I could really go for a malt right now ... to bad I don't know where to get one around here 
Brewers are finally playing up to their potential , sweet ... 
Time to be responsible again 
sick of it things need to change for better or worse 
Have you ever considered the possibility ? :) 
At the up and under rockin out 
So when you say I will be waiting approximately 45 minutes to get my haircut you really meant I will be waiting an hour and a half and you still haven't gotten to me to cut my hair ... woohoo ... 
In heaven with my spinach pie :) 
Brewers Game Wednesday May 26th $15 per person for ticket , beer ( during tailgating ) and food . I have a couple extra tickets , anyone interested ? 
Can see clearly tonight ... 
Wynn and < PROPMALE > last ones standing as usual ... 
What if you bought a ticket to Prague ? What if you won the lottery ? What if you swam with the dolphins ? What if you bought a new car ? What if you ate escargo ? What if you got HPV ? ( that commercial gets me every time ) 
And the truth will set you free ... or at least that is what we are led to believe ... 
Don't understand why people like the movie \Stand By Me\ " so much ... just watched it and the only thing I liked about it was their choices for oldies music ... " 
Can't wait to go to point tomorrow for the weekend for < PROPMALE>'s! 
Hello old friend insomnia , haven't seen you in a while ... just curious why you have been causing me to listen to the fresh < PROPMALE > of bel-air theme song in my head for the last hour rather than letting me sleep ... 
Spit and wind in my hair , bruises and sun on my skin , headache and music cranked ... yes I am officially done with work for the weekend and on my way up to point for < PROPMALE>'s! 
Disgusted with the way I acted tonight can not apologize enough 
Smile ! 
Definition of irony at < PROPMALE>'s I just stepped on a < PROPMALE > nail ... Think I'm up to date on my tetanus shots ... mom if u read this do u know if I am ... 
< PROPMALE>'s = Shit Show USA 
Damn you Netflix and the show 24 ... 
The most recent episode of lost pisses me off ... 
Your so vain ... 
rough couple days coming up ... not exactly excited , but I should get my car back next week :) 
Finally had one of those I actually kind of enjoy my job days :) 
May be making decisions tonight I would not normally approve of ;) we will see what happens :) 
The owner of the bar thought I had weed in his bar ... he was quite relieved to realize that I just had 10 ho hos stuffed in my pant leg ... I was relieved too because I thought he was upset I took the ho hos from the bar ... but he wasn't so its all good :) 
Trying to figure out what I am doing when my lease is up june 1st ... need to figure it out soon ... 
Bye Bye Dodge Stealth ... You were fun while you lasted ... :( 
Wish I was in NOLA ... But instead I am in WISCO ... true sad story ... 
Watching the first season of True Blood again since season two comes out on dvd May 25th ! 
It's a bright , bright sun shining day ! :) 
Viktors tonight for binas burfday ! 
Got attacked by a cougar but not my type run away from the crazy cougar that tried to make me dance with her ... I was drunk but not that drunk ... 
Remember that time I was so drunk that I fell on the floor at victims ... I do since it happened 5 minutes ago ... I love my job ... 
Can not wait for my stuffed crust pepperoni pizza 
Edelweiss ! 
At rookies uh oh 
O o o o o ohohohohohoh ohohohohohoh my god oh hell yes haha 
So mom not happy camera won't take pictures anymore only videos gRrrRr 
Grrrr pretty sure my camera won't take pictures anymore only videos ... 
Half fell in the lake oops half didn't with a giant rip in $y pant leg ... ewhuy ewonty my camet * work fjuck my stealth < PROPFIRST > pleadt give me a ride home ugjh fuckin dumbaddf camerta 
Definately putting this video I took of myself on youtube haha so funny get over it ... iiiIiiiiiiiit's not a big deal hahahahahaha 
Went on the edelweiss in milwaukee last night ... woke up in delafield with my camera not working my left foot soaked from partially falling in the lake and a huge hole in my left pant leg ... now I'm going home to sleep thanks for the ride < PROPFIRST > 
Good thing the brewers are going back on the road cause now they actually have a < PROPMALE > to win again ! 
And I'm out like a fat kid in dodgeball 
no shame ;) 
Bring it on Thursday ! 
Anyone doing anything tonight ? 
Oot and aboot as canadiens would say 
Blame it on the gooch done and done ! 
I battled with a door for a couple minutes and I lost ... 
Remember that time I tried to break that beer bottle in the bathroom and was like oooo fight club but then the bottle didn't break and I walked out with the bottle saying just kidding but I wasn't ... 
I hate funerals but it is nice to see family 
Exhausted doesn't even begin to describe how I feel right now ... I'm tuckered out 
Beach day at < PROPMALE > beach tomorrow anyone interested ? 
Holy beautiful night Batman ! 
< PROPMALE > Beach today , woohoo ! 
Mission complete failure didn't see who I wanted to see plus my lighter fell in the urinal ... :( 
< PROPMALE > beach was fun and hopped up and horny is delicious ... 
Starting my 6 weeks of class tonight ... 
I hate that feeling when you first walk into a classroom and know no one and have to pick a seat ... 
Wow physics is going to beat the crap out of me 
Nice to see the rents and glad my friend < PROPMALE > the martian came out to the bars 
Tempted to speed up moving out by throwing all my stuff out of my third story window 
First night of three nights sleeping on a pile of clean clothes since I officially no longer have a bed in my place ... 
Think I'm unintentionally getting high cleaning my bathrooms ... damn u bleach ! 
Good deed of the day gave a homeless man a dollar ... probably going to buy beer with it ... but at least maybe I helped him temporarily forget that he is homeless ... 
Who prt'd me dousche ! 
All kinds of pissed off got restrained for not battling through a glass window and people were upset with me thinking I wanted to do stuff with people I didn't grrrr life is rough fuck sullivans restrain me again bitch ... 
Clean , move and study 
I may possibly be over estimating the capacity of my car ... 
Safehouse tonight 
Break from moving and studying with a walk by the lake :) 
Scratch that freaking dumb phone lines 
Apparently have to be out of my place by noon TODAY ... not tomorrow ... uh oh 
Officially no longer a Milwaukeean :( 
Barbeque in cedarburg after moving out followed by a night out in my beloved milwaukee 
Physics , Physics , Physics ... so much homework yuck ! 
The expression when it rains it pours seems extremely fitting at this moment in time due to the fact that it is pouring outside ... 
Officially loathe physics with all its stupid terms and symbols that all look the same ! 
Hanging out at my old stomping grounds and it just feels right to be in milwaukee 
Victims ... oh ... shit ... 
It is what it is 
I love whisky bar ! 
SAY WHAT ?! 
I'm a fuckin velociraptor ! Again ... 
Who takes a dump in the Qdoba bathroom ? Apparently THAT guy ... 
Work work school work go out beer bike ride beer run work school day off busy busy busy 
Physics exam #1 wish me luck ! 
Enjoying a 24oz can of beer before bed , a after exam tradition in the making , I think so ... 
World cup ! 
< PROPFEMALE > griffith who doesn't love that woman ! 
26 mile bike ride today from drinking establishment to drinking establishment on the eastside ! Really hoping it does not rain ! 
< PROPFEMALE > la fat tire tour of Milwaukee ! 
Stop 3 of 8 on the bike ride ... will cabs give u a ride with a bicycle ... 
I need to do drunk bike rides more often ... 
Holla house ! Stop # 5 ! 
What a great night ! 
Prediction of the day : beer run 1 < PROPMALE > 0 
Locust street festival I love milwaukee ! 
Zoo today for work followed by physics class where I find out how I did on my exam ... hoping for the best ! 
Pretty sure I'm going to peel :( 
work and school everyday all day makes you really appreciate the few times you get to do other things :) 
Even most cloudy times have a bit of sunshine :) 
Mmmmm BLT ... 
Grilling out at the park for work , not too shabby ... 
Stop ! Hey , what's that sound ? Everybody look what's going down ! 
Wish I could enjoy the day ... instead I study ... only 3 more weeks and 4 more exams ... 
Ever since I got stuck in a traffic jam next to an ice cream truck their music makes me cringe when I hear it ... 
Talk about diehard ! I just walked past a bar on the way to my car and at 6:10 am the bar was packed for the world cup ... wish I didn't have to work all day ... 
Hell week starts today ... silver lining though is jazz in the park on thursday and wedding on friday :) 
Actually getting used to grilling out without beer ( weird ) grilling out at the lakefront for work today for the third time grilling out at work in the last five days :) 
More pep in my step , got my appetite back , more sarcastic than ever ! Finally feeling like myself again and loving it ! 
Fun weekend coming up ! Jazz in the park and maybe summerfest on thursday ! Wedding by green bay on friday ! Summerfest on saturday ! Unknown on sunday ... maybe see toy story 3 ... Anyone interested ? 
Beer and pizza ! Doesn't get much better ! 
Jazz in the park and summerfest tonight ! 
People are moving around I think their dancing but I'm not sure thank u bottle of wine plus more 
Getting Ready for the Wedding by singing White Wedding by < PROPFIRST > Idol 
Me + Wedding Clothes + Hot Weather = Hot Sweaty Mess 
Jamming out to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > all day since today is the one year anniversary :( 
Shit show episode 2 starring yours truly ... 
Made out with a stuffed animal , fended off some extreme advances and scared a child with the use of only a cupcake and my face ... all in all I have to say it was a fun wedding ! 
As most people know I am not a violent person ... but if this guy shouts < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > one more time ... he might get jacked in the face ... 
Sheeeit if ur scurred ! 
Just plain old fashioned happy with the way my life is going ! 
Summerfest for pops birthday ! 
$2 to get into summerfest today if you get there before 6:30 pm ! 
Summerfest for my pops birthday ! 
Getting paid to swim today woohoo ! 
Summerfest for the work team builder for the second year in a row on Thursday ! Let's see how crazy things get this year ! Can't wait ! 
Omg brats kraut and beer how could I not be happy ! 
Really who ketchuped and sauerkrauted my car ? 
Just bought the glee volume three cd and i am loving it ! 
Sleep and swim all day , Summerfest all night ! 
I got a disease called the fest ... I can't stop going ... 
You can either keep trying or you can get bored with the lack of reciprocation and give up ... Right now I'm bored with the lack of reciprocation so I'm going to the fest and then out and doing whatever floats my boat tonight ! :) 
Don't know what I am going to do when summerfest is over and saz's mozzarella sticks are no longer a part of my daily intake ! 
I've said it before and I will say it again , it is what it is , nothing more nothing less ... 
Rather disappointed with < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach ... not often do I find myself disappointed by a Disney movie ... 
Swimming and fireworks with my favorite E-Lisster today ! 
< PROPMALE > Beach , beer and friends vs . Physics homework ... I'm predicting < PROPMALE > by a landslide ! 
Fireworks in pewaukee tonight then see where the night takes us ! 
God made ecoli too ... feel the burn of hell man ! 
Last week of my physics class ! :) 
I apparently need to stop updating my status so much , kind of ridiculous how many status updates I have in the last few days ... 
Is it an oxymoron to say you care more about other people than you care about yourself , cause doesn't it make you happy to care about them , so in reality don't you really care at least equally about yourself ... right ? 
Planning my getaway , any recommendations ? 
Trying to keep treading water where it is too deep to stand 
Anyone want to storm the Bastille with me Thursday night in Milwaukee ? 
So Dukes around 6 followed by the Bastille , looking forward to the crepes ! 
Started the bastille days run ... then realized that no one else was drinking and that I was out of gin and tonic so I turned back , found my friends and got another gin and tonic ... makes sense right ... 
New day ... new choices ... new results ... 
I never wear sunglasses , but for some reason at Bastille days yesterday , I felt it was necessary to buy not one pair , but two pairs of zebra print sunglasses ... 
Last Exam at 6 ! Wish me luck cause I could use as much as I can get ... 
Bastille round 2 before the double tomorrow ... 
My dream came true ! I found Saz's mozzarella sticks at Bastille Days ! :D 
I love that that bitch is crazy ! 
I'd give almost anything for a nap right now , maybe even my pride and dignity if necessary ... 
Song butcherers I can't handle it lucilles ! 
I despise those nasty marshmallow easter peeps , but I love my peeps ! 
After work on monday mini golf in brookfield followed by toy story 3 , anyone got any interest in either one ? 
I love that I get to listen to music on the way to work now , rather than just talk radio , thank you 97.3 
Hope the weather holds out for tennis after work and then Toy Story 3 , should be a magnificent night ! 
Tennis rackets $150 , Bloody < PROPFIRST > $6 , Beer $3 , Three sets of tennis followed by a bloody < PROPFIRST > and some beer , priceless 
Me : Yeah let's play trivia ! Andrew : What should our name be tennis puntang ? Elissa : I don't know what he said I don't know spanish ... Me : umm by the way that's not spanish ... 
I love days I get to swim for work 
Got a feeling I'm going a feeling I'm going to get some phone < PROPFIRST > today with my scuffed up shoes , shorts with holes ripped in them , hat splattered with ink from a pen that exploded and my glasses , which are clearly being held together by paper clips and gum 
My horoscope : A little piece of you will die this week , clotting the little fluids it helps to circulate , collapsing the lungs it helps to expand , and completely shutting down your little nerve center ... bummer ... 
Haha I got a phone number tonight which if you look at my status earlier today is quite comical hahahahahaha ... 
Honestly in the last month I have been told over 100 times that I am adorable , cute or sexy ... if I hear it one more time a might start to actually believe it ;) 
Physics 110 ... and the results are in ... 
Brothers water ski show tonight 7pm Frame Park ! 
Today has been a very long day ... can't wait to crawl into bed ! 
Mo's < PROPFEMALE > pub bluemound need I say more ? 
I really enjoy random run ins out at the bars 
Never been out in Chicago , sooo meet up with Ash in Chi-Town tonight or go out in Pewaukee with the guys tonight ... decisions ... decisions ... 
Well I guess chicago is a no go now :( but at least I still get to < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends I haven't been out with in a while ! 
Anybody have any interest in working this sunday morning for me ? I can work a shift for you at some point if you want ! 
Man VS Food is making me ridiculously hungry and making me crave a fergburger or muffaletta ! 
Too many people too little time but I'm having fun :) 
Well you keep hitting yourself in the crotch with the bug zapper and I keep seeing electricity ... your freaking me out 
Sorry didn't mean to elbow you in the face when we knocked over the bouncy castle my god my body hurts from the fall ... 
I don't really like the wood chip I just found embedded in my elbow ... fuck u wood chip 
Sunday Funday ! Work 16 hours and pass out bleh 
Day off monday , < PROPMALE > beach with some friends followed by tennis with another friend , sounds like my kind of day with no worries ! 
Busy contemplating how many pregnant mothers and their fetus's that I accidentally killed with my car today ... 
Feeling like a lost little puppy 
I like the little conversations that aren't really about anything very important , but just make me smile and laugh a lot 
Some people get beer belly's , I'm concerned a might be developing a < PROPFEMALE > Qdoba belly , but I just can't help myself I'm addicted ! 
Planning a trip to < PROPFIRST > ! 
Or maybe instead of < PROPFIRST > I will go to new orleans and < PROPFIRST > and visit some peeps , which I could probably afford both for the price of < PROPFIRST > ... 
Jazz in the park thursday ! Be there or be square ! 
I feel like there is a bounty out on my head and semi trucks are bounty hunters cause for the fourth time in 4 days a semi has almost ran me off the road ... what's up with that ? 
JAZZ ! 
Move bitch get out the way ! I don't have a raincoat like you do ... 
Milwaukee for jazz and the rest of the night ! 
Scratch that since jazz is cancelled , dinner at brew city in Mequon , then the rest of the night in Milwaukee ! 
With all these tornados , OZ here I come ... 
So totally trapped in Mequon now that I-43 is shutdown Ahhhhhh ! 
My god what's ging on ? All the roads are closed , stranded people , abandoned cars , car accidents , nobody is following the stop lights , cops and ambulances everywhere , its fucking pandemonium and on top of it all it's still pouring ! 
Hope nobody I know fell into the 20 foot deep sink hole where the road collapsed from flooding at north and oakland in milwaukee ! 
Martini bar to visit my favorite E-Lisster ! 
Sometimes I wish I was mexican ... 
Made peace and having fun I think ha 
Swimming and Waukesha County Fair 
I just got to high five a monkey :) 
Jesus ain't got nothin on me , I just walked on water too , at the Waukesha County Fair for $10 ! 
What a great night high fived a monkey , walked on water , rode in a monster truck and the nights just beginning ! 
Skinny dipping and swimming face first into the wall ouch hope my face stops bleeding soon ... 
Exhausted ... 
Saw \The Crazies\ " and now I can't sleep " 
Working then taking it easy for the rest of the night 
Got to see 4 friends I haven't seen in a while all in one afternoon and night , all in all twas a good day ! 
Stranger Danger = Way More Fun Than It Should Be ... 
Plans for < PROPMALE > Beach today are an epic fail cause I'm back in bed , but at least I've been productive today , I mean I did a load of laundry ... 
Just watched the season 3 finale of < PROPFIRST > hood on netflix and he finally defeats the sheriff ... and then < PROPFIRST > hood dies ... say what ! Guess there won't be a season 4 huh ... 
I feel like almost every night I find myself thinking so much for taking it easy ... and tonight is no different ... oh well I'm having fun ... 
Work followed by a nap sounds great right now ( not so much the work part , but gotta do what ya gotta do ) 
So I got one of those electric cigarettes , puffed on it for like 5 minutes and now I feel like I'm high ... 
Should I be concerned that I caught myself humming home on the range as I was mopping up a child's blood today ... 
Work 10 shifts in 8 days , then off to Lions Camp for a week ! 
Guess I should have listened to the gas station attendant yesterday that asked me if I wanted to get something else since my total was $6.66 ... good afternoon car accident ... shit ! 
Just what I needed tonight ! 
Good book , bowl of delicious pasta and a full glass of wine ... its one of those days 
Took a nap and now going out tonight before a double tomorrow ... oh boy ... gonna be mad at myself tomorrow ... so I better live it up tonight ... 
Grrrr maybe I would of woke up to my alarm if people weren't so fucking loud and playing fucking dog whisperer while I was trying to sleep 
Despicable me with the kiddos today 
Anybody down for state fair thursday night , my last night in town before I leave for a week 
Doc Todd ... You have always been a role model of mine , not because you were a doctor , but because of how optimistic and energetic you always were and I never heard you say a foul word about anyone ( unless you were joking cause you also had a great sense of humor ) . 
I remember\ 
asking you to write a reference for me and when you sent it to me , it\ 
was a very personal and kind reference that I knew took you some time\ 
to write and I appreciated it more than I probably ever told you . 
A\ 
part of you will live on at < PROPFEMALE > camp , not only in spirit and the hearts\ 
of the people that you impacted there , but also in the lake ... I'm\ 
pretty sure we never found your glasses after your tragic yet comical\ 
kayak tipping ... 
I wish the best for your family and all the other\ 
people you left behind , but wherever you are now , I hope you realize\ 
that all of our lives are better because you were a part of them and\ 
that you will be missed by more people than you could probably ever\ 
realize because you sir were truly one of a kind ! RIP Doc < PROPMALE > 
By the way all four of those status ' are about Doc < PROPMALE > , I just could not fit it all into one status because it was too long 
Happy Birthday Bro ! 
Living in racine when you work in oconomowoc sucks even more when you work a double ( today ) and a first ( tomorrow ) ... yuck ... 
I need a night out bad right now ! 
Badgerland water ski show tonight , got to see my brother do a hangman , sweet ... 
Happy with more things than I'm not :) 
State Fair tonight ! Can't wait for fried , wrapped in bacon , chocolate covered whatever this year ! 
State Fair with E-Lisster , Diesel , Ash , Donkey and Nickel ! Anyone else going tonight ? If so give me a call if u have my number ! 
How can you not love the pig races :) 
Just ate eight sazs mozzarella sticks and it made my night ! 
Goodbye World , See You in a Week When Camp is Over ! 
Back to reality tomorrow ... not exactly thrilled ... going to need a beer after getting off work at 9 ... any takers ? 
Not a happy camper ... ran out of gas for the first time 10 < PROPMALE > away from the nearest exit and am sitting on the side of the expressway in the middle of a terrible storm twiddling my thumbs waiting for rescue ... and I'm going to be really late to work ... 
Work 16 hours by myself today :( 
Driving range , golf outting , birthday parties and < PROPFEMALE > concert , a lot of good things coming up in the next ten days :) 
Liquor before beer ur in the clear right ... I sure hope so ... 
Ohhhh Here We Go Again 
Golf outting friday and < PROPFEMALE > on saturday , can't wait for the weekend ! 
This how they do it where I'm from , oh shit I gotta work tomorrow and here comes the sun ... jump into my escalade ... tell them boys ur not afraid ... 
Made out with some girl I have never seen before and there is some guy sleeping in my spot and I needed rescue from another girl , but my friend had a great birthday and that makes me happy ! 
Work golf outting on friday and < PROPFEMALE > on saturday , can't wait ! 
Looking forward to power hour at the Nitty Gritty in Madtown on Saturday ! 
What a crazy day ... work then interviewed for and got a different position at work and then found a house in milwaukee and should be moving in september 1st ! 
WTF Stabbing outside of cans , not really feeling like going out on North tonight ... 
Jazzy jazz in the park tonight woot woot , to bad I forgot to bring extra clothes from racine and look like a tool , eh well :) 
Hahaha black guy wandering around yelling shut the fuck up at everyone and then yelling I'm going to shove the bible or angel ( top of the christmas tree angel ) up your white ass mother fucker ... only in milwaukee , priceless 
< PROPFIRST > daniels and lemonade packets with minimal water uh ohhhh ! 
Work golf outting today ! Its going to be crazy ! 
Jumped off the golf cart and then my friend hit me with the golf cart owww my leg hurts ... 
She bit me and I was unwilling , but sometimes it hurts so good ... and leaves a < PROPFIRST > on your neck ... 
In watertown with < PROPFEMALE > , twiggy , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and jedd and I forgot my clothes in racine , so looks like I'm buying clothes before I go to madtown ... 
Madtown here I come to add to the madness ! 
Rootbeer and whipped cream vodka , yummmm ... Bags and then Nitts and Gritts with the gang ! 
Haha I love my peeps in < PROPFEMALE > and that Binas here ! 
I really want my faty cheesehead from fat sandwiches in madtown ! 
I feel < PROPFEMALE > disgusting ... cheese curds , mozzarella sticks , macaroni bites , ranch and french fries in a bun ... my goodness ... 
What a GREAT weekend ! :) 
Never watched Jersey Shore , but there was a marathon and it's like crack ... I can't stop watching ... 
Not much beats a long run with the Zune followed by a swim in the pool ! 
Time to get back into shape ! 
How come every time I try to quit smoking I just have a ridiculously rough day ( not having anything to do with withdrawals ) on the first day ? Still going strong at 14 hours haha ... 
Tik ... Tok ... Ke$ha tomorrow at this place downtown where the freaks all come around ! 
Getting in the mood for Ke$ha tonight by brushing my teeth with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > 
Maybe I should stop making out , put my shirt back on and take the glitter off my face before I drive home ... :) 
You know it was an interesting night when you wake up with nail marks across your chest 
Today is the day I officially become a riverwester ... hope I don't get jumped ... 
Four days no smoking despite temptation and I am stoked ! 
Wandering aimlessly around milwaukee till I sign my lease at 11 30 , cause everyone is sleeping or on their way to a bungalow ... 
Holy sexy beach volleyball olympians from around the country at < PROPMALE > beach 
Feeling very happy with things right now ! 
Double by myself today and I didn't know it was by myself till I got here today , which makes it worse ... :( 
6 days no smoking ! 
Start my new position at work tomorrow with an inservice and then follow that with my first human anatomy and physiology class , might need to grab a drink around 9 tomorrow night ... 
Paid to do yoga for two hours ... I could get used to that ... 
A : Your a whore ! J : Wait , why ? A : How many people did you makeout with the other night ? J : Doesn't matter ... A : How does it not matter ? J : Cause ... your only a Whore if you put out ... 
Relationship status : It's complicated with The Cheese Bar 
Drinking a beer on the eastside by myself to celebrate my new job positionN my new place I am moving into , that my class has started and that I haven't smoked in 7 days , if you would care to join me that would be awesome , if not I will just have to try being cool on my own ... 
Thinking I should do a run today since I won't get to again for a couple days 
First Day in my new position at work tomorrow :) 
Is it weird that I am actually looking forward to my human anatomy and physiology homework ... 
Loving the fall type weather ! A bonfire sounds awesome tonight ! 
Living in Milwaukee again ! How sweet it is ! 
Haha ... Just tripped while carrying my laptop ... hit myself int he face with my laptop ... and gave myself a bloody nose ... Class Klutz title in high school = Justified ! 
What the fuck ... who headbite fight's anyway ... 
Why do I feel like I got thrown off of a bull last night ... oh yeah ... cause I did ... 
Moving sucks ... can't wait till I'm all moved in ... 
The wheel in the sky keeps on turning ... I don't know where I'll be tomorrow ... 
Absolutely can not wait to go to the Wisconsin @ Michigan State game in October ! 
Got my first taste of Riverwest bars last night and it was a good time despite that the bars were pretty dead ... considering it was a wednesday night ... 
On the highway through the danger zone tonight , happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Can you imagine having a < PROPFIRST > full of cheese ? I can if the Sargento truck in front of me happens to veer off the road ... 
Sick of the monotony ... looking for a thrill 
Just found out the ti-rod snapped today and the wheel buckled under the < PROPFIRST > I have been driving for the last week ... 
Today matches the longest I have ever quit smoking since I started smoking 6 years ago ! 21 Days ! :) 
Remembering the days when the \ghetto\ " was the Sizzler's or Ponderosa down the street " 
Ever jam out naked in your house taking swigs out of a bottle of vodka ? NO ... Uh ... yeah ... me neither ... 
First experience at Riverhorse wasn't exactly pleasant with a black man yelling \shut your fucking mouth white bitch\ " at me for like 20 minutes ... " 
Missing the social aspect of smoking being that I just moved to a new area , but that's about all I am missing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > pong bar on friday , looking forward to something a little different 
Go Badgers ! 
Sometimes ... I can't help it ... all I can do is smile :) 
Scared that I might be happy cause you can't stay happy forever ... 
Officially a GLEEK ... 
So tomato fight and bloody < PROPFIRST > contest on north ave on saturday , anyone interested , cause I'm all about it and doing it for sure ! 
Soooo the tomato fight was last weekend bitter yes ... I have to get uP for work in like 4 hours bitter ? YES ! 
Cheer up Buttercup 
Tonight is my fucking night ! Found $20 in the bathroom and then bought my friend a shot and the bartender said its on her ! SCORE ! 
If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ?. If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you would date me put a :D . If you ever had a crush on me , put XD . if u hate me or really want to punch me put :( . If you're brave enough , make this your status 
If it seems good it most likely is , if it seems bad it most likely is , but sometimes it just feels so good to be bad ... ;) 
The good news : The take home test I thought was due today is actually due wednesday and I'm already done with it ! The bad news : The test I thought was wednesday and hadn't studied for was actually today ! 
Badgers vs . Michigan state this weekend with the roomie and other people I love ! Can not wait ! 
Wandering around work with a popped collar , singing teach me how to dougie ... yeah I'm \that\ " guy today " 
As I was at the toilet this morning feeling crappy from the festivities last night , I noticed that the toilet said wellworth on it and thought to myself your right toilet it was well worth it ! 
Friday the fun begins ! Work , followed by tennis ( hopefully if it doesn't rain again ) , followed by heading to Michigan for the Wisconsin at Michigan State game ! 
Favorite month of the year begins today ! :) 
Lansing gone wild part 1 , wait till after the badgers game tomorrow ... 
Badgers game in Lansing , time to represent ! Go Badgers ! 
I am a badgers fan , but I definately just bought a tie dye michigan state shirt , heaven help me ! 
At beavers ... the coyote ugly of lansing ... love it 
Lansing gone wild part 2 ... EPIC 
Let's go all the way tonight ... no regrets ... 
Need to tone it down a little for my bodies sake ... 
Amazing how listening to < PROPFIRST > McCurdy on the way to work always puts a smile on my face :) 
Is there a new song out that I just haven't heard yet cause everybody's facebook status ' are I like it on a chair , I like it on the floor , I like it on the beach , etc ... 
Debauchery and scandal I'm game I think 
Glad I got reacquainted with a good nights sleep last night ! 
Jus had the most fucked up dream of my life ... < PROPFEMALE > Wilsey , < PROPFIRST > Montijo , < PROPFEMALE > Kubokawa , < PROPFIRST > Kopac , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Sheedy , < PROPFIRST > Heitkemper , < PROPFEMALE > Habeck , < PROPMALE > Heintz and many more random people were there ... and it made no sense at all but there were bottle rockets , strippers , people being set on fire , a dance club , a farm and somebody died .... take that Wizard of Oz ... 
Sooooooo glad i didn't get mugged or wet myself on the walk home tonight cause I was definately concerned about both ... 
Time for some grilled cheese and some grilled cheesus ... 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are trying to learn how to dougie from the internet ... it is not going well so far ... 
Work today was a giant dose of birth control ... 
I'm not a terribly religious person , but this quiche < PROPFEMALE > made is absolutely heavenly ! 
Hoping tonight is epic , cause I am all about getting crazy tonight ... 
Were at cans ... whores unite ! 
Just got some new clothes and headed out of town in a good mood 
Great weekend but glad to be coming home to milwaukee 
\We all go a little mad sometimes . \"" 
I would rather say something and regret it than not say anything and regret it ... 
Today ... is going to be a very long day ... 
Good Night ... Welax ... Sweet Dweams ... 
Bored off my fuckin rocker ... dancing naked with a bottle of vodka or whiskey since the roomate is out of town ... definate possibility ... 
Lunch and a movie with a lovely lady ( my mom ) , then badgers game ... teach em how to Bucky ! 
Did I adequately answer your condescending question ? 
I should have ate more tonight ... shit ... 
Getting dirty glares ... maybe cause I'm with the best looking person in the club ... 
all about this kung pao shrimp and string cheese right now 
< PROPMALE > horror picture show on glee its going to be epic 
The badgers were down at halftime too and they won , I have faith ... Go Pack ! 
I'm happy about this weekend ... the badgers won ( even though they lost the game I went to ... ) , I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with a lot of friends I haven't seen in a while , the packers won woot woot ( fuck you favre ) , my stomach is completely flat for the first time since high school ( despite the fact that I have lost weight from feeling sick for a week ) , but most of all that I am drunk and I only have to walk across the street ! 
Back to the grind :/ 
My mind has been racing all day and its been exhausting , I need to make some plans and decisions or im going to lose my mind 
Do it , do it , do it , do it , do it , do it , do it now ! Say it , say it , say it , say it , say it , say it , say it now ! 
Things are good , despite the moments when I doubt they are :) 
Beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy ! ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
All I have to say is good thing we get paid tonight ! 
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit and it's filled with people who are filled with shit ! And the vermin of the world inhabit it ... 
Trick or Treat Motha Fuckas 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Wilsey to paint my body 
Apologies to the people I smurfed last night ... unless they liked it ... 
Child's play ... all day ... 
Game Plan : work , appendicular skeleton test , suspiria , bed 
Riverwest stein lager has my house on the bottle as Haemlic Denmad pointed out to me , I think I have a new beer of preference ... 
Oh the tangled webs we weave ... 
It has begun ... 
productive beginning to the day , with a 5k , hope I can keep it up as the day progresses before crashing ... 
Love my roomate for being my voice of reason when I don't seem to have any and for cheering me up when I'm not very cheerful ! 
Requiem for a Dream ... need I say more ? 
another belt notch today :) 
Woohoo ! I don't have mono after all , it was just withdrawal ! :) 
Nerves ... test tonight ... going to need some luck for this one ... 
I love my peeps that is all ... 
No friends around almost slept in a port-o-potty ... rock bottom perhaps ... but I didn't do it I wandered home through the ghetto rain cause that's what you do when everyone leaves you to fend for yourself without saying goodbye ... 
Pretty ridiculous the amount of people from high school at cans last night ... 
oh shit roomates busting out the christmas decorations ... 
Grouchy , special children make me an angry panda ... 
Just sawzalled a couch to get it into our apartment ... Touchdown ... We gots a couch ... held together by 2 by 4's cause that's how we roll in the supposed ghetto ... 
BRRRROKE ...... :( 
Worked 16 hours today , just got done studying for my exam I have on monday , working 16 more hours tomorrow , then studying , then working 7 hours monday with 2 hours to study before my exam ... this seems a bit ridiculous ... 
Having a feeling things are going to be significantly changing soon 
KABOOM ! - That is the sound of me bombing my muscles test ... POP ! POP ! POP ! - That is the sound of me popping the tops to the beers left in my fridge ... BOOM ! - That is the sound of me crashing and trying to forget about today ... 
Until we shave or sober up , whichever comes first ... I shall call you raascheed and you may call me dirty faced white boy ... 
Listening to the gobble off on the radio and trying to gobble like a turkey , but I'm terrible at it ... oh well guess my talents are in other aspects of life 
Now ain't that some shit :) Happy Thanksgiving Ya'll! 
good thing I ate a big meal so I could drink more tonight , feeling a-okay even though I have to get up soon for work 
After yesterday I feel like a pot belly pig , an absolutely freezing pot belly pig ... 
Making shrimp scampi and pumpkin dip with my mom , then helping my dad install some shelves in the garage and getting the christmas decorations out for my mom , its nice spending some time with the rents :) 
Obliteration is the name of the game ... the object of the game is to reach obliteration ... I am predicting a big win for me tonight ! This is MY < PROPFEMALE > Bowl ... 
Con : My nose just fell off from the cold , Pro : I'm going to look pretty badass next halloween 
Hanging out with the quad is always a good time ! 
Haha her boyfriends jacket is made out of fox but she's only got eyes for the peeps she should bahahaha 
Need to seriously start leaving my phone at home when I go out so I don't text people dumb stuff and don't have to delete 5 facebook statuses in the morning cause they don't make any sense 
Bouncer can make me put my shirt on but he can't tame me ... 
Feeling awfully lame at home on a friday night ... 
Can't wait to go out tonight and be a big bad wolf with little red 
I need to stop messing with super glue ... I keep ending up in sticky situations ... 
Shit the big bad wolf didn't mean to set little red on fire sorry little red ... 
Easy come ... easy go ... That's just how I live ... 
You may call me Mr. Sparkles or Glitter Boy after my < PROPMALE > class debacle today ... 
Work , study , study , study ... No fun :( 
For a day that started with a parking ticket it ended up being a kind of great day topped off by this much needed whiskey and diet 
happy and unhappy deal with both later ... 
What's up with all the car accidents this morning ? 
I see three shooting stars and she orders me a water probably a good call despite the orange bar where I saw the shooting stars swear they are real ... 
bahahaha I just pissed on the floor on accident try to prove it ... 
All I know is that tonight is going to be epic ... of this I have no doubt :) 
I tried to go sledding in my onesie but I slipped and fell on my back and it hurt ... 
Studying and being responsible ... so it goes after a weekend of shenanigans 
Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup for lunch was definitely the highlight of my dreary day ... 
Wooooooooooooooo ! Officially done with my Anatomy & Physiology class ! 
Your as cuddly as a cactus , your as charming as an eel ... 
crummy day at work , but eating pizza with garlic , hot sauce and pepperoni , drinking a beer and watching a movie followed by some rum balls for dessert ... in a much better mood now :) 
Against my better judgment out with santoro ... 
All the ban on texting did is make us all better multi-taskers because before the ban people were texting and driving , but after the ban they are driving and texting and trying to hide it ... 
One bruised rib , two jammed thumbs and a bruised tailbone ... totally worth it ! 
Temptation all around ... will I succumb ... answer at a later date ... I want to say no ... but will I ... 
I just had a dream where I was in New Orleans ... I hope to make this a reality in the next few months :) 
First day in the new school today ... guaranteed to be an adventure ... 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter ! Mission accomplished so far ! :) 
Out with the quad cause it was one of those days at work , don't think I will need to drink much thanks to blood loss :) 
For some reason ... I really enjoy bbc television . 
Whiskey and victims ... I can't even imagine ... 
Happy Holidays Y'all! Hope everyone has a safe and fun christmas , hanakkuh , kwanza , etc ... 
Must of been on < PROPFEMALE>'s naughty list cause he came and gave me a cold while I was sleeping ... but a happy holidays nonetheless ! 
I love my family and my friends ! Enough said ! 
I don't know if it was the New Orleans Saints victory or the < PROPFEMALE > that made me feel it was necessary to facebook all the people from Mardi Gras in New Orleans , but either way I am glad I did cause I miss down there , I miss the people down there and I miss the Brees ... 
Red arrow park for some ice skating with some of my favorite people :) 
I love my family and my friends that came out and saw me and them tonight ! :) 
What to do ... What to do ... 
Losing my debit card is not okay damn it all ... 
Mayfair bound ... some new clothes for the new year ! 
Get Down at Turner Hall , then all roads lead to Victims ! 
Endings and Beginnings , Good and Bad , 2010 and 2011 , Here we go ! 
Hate that I can't sleep again despite laying here for hours with my eyes closed ... at least no nightmares like last night when I slept like crap ... 
trying this new thing where I don't make drunk facebook posts , just reminders in my phone at least I don't have to delete shit in the morning then ... 
Love when my friends request me to take my shirt off at the bar when I'm dancing ... just cause they know I will do it ... 
there might be some pictures showing up that im not terribly proud of ... but I sure had a great time ... 
That's right ... You should be scurred ... I just fixed my camera tonight :) 
Doing what I have to do and following that up with a large dose of what I want to do ! 
Anybody watching the bcs championship game tonight in the milwaukee area ? 
Bought another alarm clock today after work ... no excuse anymore 
Anybody want to go snowboarding with me tomorrow ( Wednesday ) night ? The conditions are awesome and I really want to go ! 
Got my ass handed to me on a silver platter tonight ... so much fun snowboarding , but oh so much pain as well ... ouch 
Hofbrauhaus $11 for liter mug you get to take home and then every thursday you can bring the mug back and $5.50 for a liter of beer ... what a great deal ... know where I'm going Thursdays now ... 
Three Amigos Reunion ! 
Feel crappy ... watching movies and eating soup , hoping to feel better tomorrow 
We Got This , Go Pack Go ! 
Tonight I bathe in the tears of Atlanta fans ! 
Find it interesting that both the AFC and NFC Championship games are between 6 and 2 seeds 
Still at work on this ridiculously snowy day , considering what to do since it seems dumb to go back to Milwaukee when I have to be back in the morning anyway ... and on top of it all we had scalloped potatoes with hunks of fatty ham for dinner ... yuck 
My god I feel like I'm on MTV cribs in Nashotah ... 
BURNED OUT 
One word : Overwhelmed ... 
Time to get rowdy ... you know what that means ... 
My horoscope in the shepherd express just told me to take all my clothes off ... wrong person to say that to ... 
Wynn-ie the Pooh , Wynn-ie the Pooh , can't wait to see you ! 
Getting hit on by a hooker named < PROPFEMALE > ewwww ... 
pissed I HAD TO use a pliers to get in my house tonight ... 
To Spin or not to Spin ... 
Don't be a < PROPFIRST > Ash haha 
Superbowl Bound ! Celebrate Good Times ! Way To Go Pack ! 
It's alright cause I'm saved by the < PROPFEMALE > 
Your going to catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
DJ Pauly D at the Rave tomorrow night , going with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and have one more free ticket ... anyone want to come with us ? 
Class , haircut , practice fist pumping for rave tomorrow , A&P II quiz , dinner , sleep :) 
Pauly D tonight with A-Bill , Kev O , and The Donkey ! 
Beautiful Day Outside , think I'm going to have to take advantage of it 
When someone's not satisfied , they look for something better ... Looking for something better ... 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > just made my day , the only thing that would have been even better ... Taco Johns 
Sledding in the snowpocolypse as the radio is calling it ... yes I may have reached complete insanity , but it's gonna be sooo much fun ... 
Want to go out , but no one will brave the storm with me ... :( 
Drinking hurricanes during the Snowpocolypse , can't imagine much better than this ... 
Who needs a gym membership when you can run through a snowstorm and then shovel for three hours the next day :) 
Peppewoni Pwease ! 
Really starting to wonder what people do for fun when they aren't going out cause I am in a perpetual state of boredom ... at least I'm getting homework done :/ 
The Club Can't Even Handle Me Right Now ! 
Trying to figure out what I'm doing for the game tomorrow ... 
Small World : Run into my cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at Cans and while talking to her and meeting her boyfriend I run into a friend from high school < PROPFEMALE > Stumbris , then my friend < PROPFIRST > Luedtke shows up and it turns out he used to coach < PROPFEMALE>'s brother's wrestling team , has met her parents and her boyfriend works in Hortonville where < PROPFIRST > coached wrestling ... small fucking world ... 
GO PACK GO ! GREEN & YELLOW , GREEN & YELLOW , GREEN & YELLOW ! 
Green & Yellow ! We Fuckin Won ! Go Pack Go ! 
< PROPFIRST > Favre's last year in the NFL as a Viking , the Packers win the Superbowl , justice is served ! 
Threw up this morning , but totally worth it ! Go Pack Go ! 
I followed you once ... then I realized your an idiot ... 
fatty fatty two by four , just quit smoking again , so I'm going to be eating more ... mmmm fresh guacamole 
This little piggy cost me enough that I don't get to go to market and just get to go wee wee all the way home ... frickin biosci ... 
I hate cuddling , just let me sleep ! 
Can't help feeling a bit weird carrying a fetus in a box down the street 
You say that I'm messing with your head ... all cause I was making out with your friends ... love hurts whether it's right or wrong ... I can't stop cause I'm having too much fun ... you're on your knees begging please stay with me ... but honestly I just need to be a little crazy ... All my life I've been good but now , whoa I'm thinking what the hell ... all I want is to mess around ! 
Hey Boo Boo ! Happy Yad-V ! 
So hard not to give into temptation right now as I sit here studying for my 9am lab tomorrow morning ... 
Can't wait for Ohio State to fall from the ranks of the unbeaten today ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at Brewski's tonight ! 
Preparing for another lonely < PROPFIRST>'s Day :( At least my birthday is on Thursday ! 
Changed my mind probably just north ave wednesday , saving water and coyote ugly for thursday I think ... 
feeling lucky :) 
So excited for the next couple days , going out on north with some people tonight and then after work tomorrow going to a park and ride to grill out and then going out tomorrow night on water and checking out coyote ugly , I'm predicting good times ... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Thank you to my friends that came out when they said they would when they could , I appreciate it a lot 
Fortune from my fortune cookie was \you have a kiss coming in your near future\ " I can't complain about that :) " 
Tomorrow will be a better day :) 
Can't wait for the admirals game and dropkick murphys concert on friday with some of my favorite peeps ! 
Bad news seems to come in bunches of three , just got the third of the bunch today and I can already feel my luck changing for the better ... 
Slept with socks on for the first time last night since May , 2008 
Admirals game and Dropkick Murphys concert tonight and good luck mom in your Disney < PROPFEMALE > half marathon ! 
That is the last time I check myself into the glass at the admirals game ... my clavicle hurts ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Badger don't give a shit ... get away from me says the snake get away , < PROPFEMALE > badger don't care , < PROPFEMALE > badger smacks the shit out of it ... 
Seriously trying to find a cheap flight to new orleans for a long weekend for sanity sake , wish me luck ! 
You didn't even make an effort ... that's what bothers me ... and I will remember that when it's my turn to make an effort ... 
In a good mood ! :) 
Positive Highlight of the Day : I won the strong man contest by pulling 5 children and a small adult behind a wagon ! Negative Highlight of the Day : Little bugger bit me ! 
24g and 116% Daily Value for Saturated Fats ... that's where eating a half a box of Caramel deLites will get you ... 
My hair is super short ... but it's brown again ... 
Please can we get in ur murder mobile ... 
Under the Weather :( 
pepto Pepto PePto PEPTO Please ! 
I think I have a problem ... I should be sleeping ... but I can't stop watching Jersey Shore ... 
Everyone is out tonight and I am at home studying for my quiz for my lab I have at 9 tomorrow morning , how frickin tragic ... 
listening to oldies always cheers me up 
Your a girl out at the bar with your friends and a guy grabs your ass ... you A ) actively ignore it B ) Grab his nuts , say something provocative and see what happens C ) Slap him and keep dancing with your friends D ) Yell at him then gracefully fall down a set of stairs as you walk away and flick him off when he laughs at you E ) An option not listed above 
find it weird that I just happened to be reading my book and on < PROPFEMALE > 249 read \just before four o'clock on March 13\ " and in real life it was just before four o'clock on March 13 " 
Time to be me , meaning no shame , if you don't like it ... Fuck Off ! 
Yes ... my hair does glow in the dark 
can't begin to describe how much fun tonight was , it was much needed , love everyone that was out 
Shit I'm singing karaoke ... 
scrambled eggs with onions , spinach , mozzarella cheese and a little hot sauce ... delicious ... 
I'll handle mine ... give me the fuckin boot ... 
Lit myself on fire on accident damn .... 
My lips bleedin and I gots . The *** hiccips 
my right middle finger is black from burning when I lit it backwards and my left wrist is bleeding from the fence hopping , but I love my friends 
Feeling inspired by summer of 69 , planning on having the best times of my life this summer , anyone want to join me on this quest ? 
Having some < PROPMALE > Skateland elementary school birthday party flashbacks after roller skating in gym class with the kids at work today :) 
Cough cough ... I think I'm catching dance fever for Victim's tonight ... 
She said WHAT u don't like chicken ? So I threw my napkin at her and said NO and you better handle it ! Then the poor man started asking for money and saying the girls we were with were waiting to give him a blowjob cause he was a comedian ... more like a dusche bag ... 
The sidewalks look like they are covered with dippin dots ... I really want dippin dots now ... 
A friend asked me tonight my legitimate deepest regret ... I can honestly say not being comfortable with who I am , who I have been or who I will be ... simple as that , but yet so complicated .... 
