Not sure if I like Facebook yet ... 

This next sentence is true . That last sentence was false . 
Currently in Kentucky ! It's a pretty cool place ... I'm diggin ' the scenery , fo sho . But I just wonder if the people at Wal-Mart had the same trouble understanding me as I did them . Still totally gotta find someone here to do an ' over-the-top ' Northern accent for me . 
Happy 4th of July everybody ! Remember , if you don't blow stuff up today , you're not patriotic . Take full advantage ! 
Currently downloading Soul Caliber and Sonic Adventure for my new used Dreamcast =D ! If you have any other suggestions for games , feel free to post ! 
Planning\ 
on re-beating Conker's Bad Fur Day for the first time in years now that\ 
I have some new controllers . I'm putting full commitment to this one , \ 
and have already deleted my old file . There is no going back on this \ 
one ! 
Just thought I'd update my wall by saying that bacon is a delicious anytime snack . That is all . 
Just got done watching a totally not pirated copy of Toy Story 3 . Excellent movie ! Not to mention a perfect way to end the series ... not gonna mention anything else , just in case anyone DIDN'T watch it already . Currently totally not downloading a pirated copy of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World , which I've heard is also awesome ! Estimated time of download , two hours ... 
Guess what , guys ? My baby Rio Grande red-eared slider just came in today , and he ( Or maybe she , I have no idea how to tell the sex of a turtle , lol ) is the coolest turtle on the planet ! Still needs a name , though . If it's a boy , I'm thinking Jimi , as in Jimi Hendrix =) . Pics to come ! Possibly . 
DONT LEAVE YOUR FUCKING PROFILE LOGGED ON TO MY COMPUTER ! 
I haven't updated my status in quite some time , have I ? No sir , I most certainly have not . 
Am I the only one who was not aware that Disney is going to be producing a 3-D CGI remake of The Beatles movie , Yellow Submarine ? Not sure how I feel about this . 
If there is one thing in this world that I will NEVER be able to understand , it's Dubstep . Seriously , someone has GOT to explain that one to me . 
15 minutes till my first class of the day , and I'm not even awake yet . This'll be fun . 
Finally getting my wisdom teeth removed on the 25th . According to the X-ray I got , the bottom left is upside down , and rooted way up the side of my jaw . How the Hell does that even happen ? Regardless , they're going to have anesthetize me , so they can cut the Hell out of my jaw ... and I've got classes the next day . Happy , happy , joy , joy . 
Back from my wisdom teeth extraction . Didn't get put under like I thought I would , and instead just got sedated . Didn't matter though , because whatever they put in that IV was some great stuff ! It's a weird sensation being THAT comfortable while there's a couple of electric saws in your mouth . 
Bah . Can't eat , and that Beefy Crunch Burrito w/ lava sauce in my mini-fridge is calling to me . FML 
Had $1.25 stolen from me today . Serves me right for trusting an ACC vending machine . 
Just finished watching Oddsac . I'm not exactly sure what the Hell I just saw , but I'm staying far away from marshmallows for a while . 
Dear snow , I hate you . Please die . 
Sitting in ACC with only 2 hours and 34 minutes until my first class of the day . Today is going to be a long day . 
This is a status update . 
En taro Adun ! 
If this next sentence is a lie , then I am immortal . I am immortal . 
Obligatory \Osama is dead\ " post . " 
