Why is there no happy medium ... it's either way to hot or way to cold ! 

Cleaning out my closet ... Packing my shit up ... Moving out and Moving the FUCK on ! I'm DONE !!! 
All is not well in the world ... 
I don't know how I accumulate so much crap ! I can't even imagine how much BS I would have if I hadn't have started over from scratch so many times ! 
Some things never change :-( 
2011 you've already outdone yourself ... 2012 really might be the end of the flipping world . 
I haven't slept all year , yet it's been a horrible nightmare ... if I go to sleep now , will it be like waking up ? Worth a shot ... 
Give me one good friend , one who'll tell me to my face when I'm acting like an idiot , and you can have the rest . 
Cream-y Tan-ish 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are ! Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder how many brave friends will participate ..... 
I love my friends ! Dinner , a little RockBand , THUNDER game , crusin ' the north side , tv with Hoolah ... All is beginning to be well again ... Kinda . 
THUNDER UP !! 29-22 
It's close at the half , but that's ok ... 
79-75 ... Keep it up ! 
In the car or next to the bed ... 
No more THUNDER games for 10 days ! Thank goodness we have us an all-star ! Good game tonight , now bedtime ! 
Goodnight/Goodmorning ... 
This is exactly why I love basketball !!! This is intense ! THUNDER 
I just saw a dirty word come out of Westbrook's mouth ! 
Bleep bleep bleepity bleep !!! That really blows ! I am not a happy camper right now ! 
Going to the playoffs ... who's coming with !?! 
It's game time ! It's game time ! Thunder up ! 
My crush for Westbrook turned into pure lust tonight ! My boy was on fire ... and not just cause he's so HOT !!! THUNDER UP 
In case you're wondering how we do it here in Oklahoma 110-89 should help you out a little !!! THUNDER UP 
< PROPMALE > Green at the 66ers play-offs ! 
No bueno ! :-( 
Going to the Play-Off's ... What a great way to end this crappy week ! 
It may be over for us but ... NBA Dunk of the Day < PROPMALE > Green takes the pass and finishes with a powerful slam during the third quarter . http://nbadunk.net/4l 
I think the reason some people can't control their life is because there's someone there controling it for them . 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and knew I was in love ! Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will ~ With Mother's Day approaching ; repost this if you have children you love more than life ~?~ I love you ~ ? ~ 
Last night when we were fighting , I thought this was over and I was going to leave you alone and just take off but then I realized , I'd rather fight with you than make love with anyone else . \ 
\ 
:: tear :: ABC Family ... so much more wholesome than LMN ! 
Everybody expects me to break But I'll never break down again Everybody expects me to give up But you'll never see me giving in Everybody wants me to lose But I'll never lose who I am No , I'm sorry to say there'll be no sacrifice today 
150 days ... do you know what you can accomplish in that much time ? Not crap if you don't try ... just making the list and checking it twice . 
If yesterday was 150 days that makes today 151 ... I'm thinking Caribou < PROPFIRST > ~ It's like 151 rum , pineapple juice , and Malibu , caribou , get them all numb ! 
I've decided to write a book . I'm going to title it ' Mind your business ' I'm going to be < PROPMALE > and famous ... too bad Oprah is retiring because she'd be all over it . 
Eclipse here we come !!! 
Dear Rain , I am moving this weekend , so if you could please leave that would be greatly appreciated ! Thanks , Me 
Who needs a man ? Grab one of your best friends and an appliance dolly ... washer - check dryer - check all the other BS - check . Now if only I could find that dang paint ?!? 
U-haul has absolutely no problem charging almost double if you forget to re-fill the gas but of course it's not possible for them to refund you if you over fill . So my moving cost just doubled ... literally ! Should've just hired someone to do it for me . 
Everytime I decide to be grown up , is right about the time he wants to be young again . 
Going to heal the wollies of my past today ... starting with the one in my bed !!! Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ! 
They're bringing back Bells ... but moving it to Wagoner County . Sure hope they freshen up their rides a bit ! 
Thank God for wine ! I am so completely disgusted right now ... self medication , please be good to me . 
Dear 81st and Elm traffic light - you suck , I pretty much hate your guts ! Obviously you didn't get the memo , some of us were dead empty on gas with children at daycare ! I dang sure didn't have that $30 it just cost me , so I'm just wondering where you'd like me to send the < PROPMALE > ? Thanks again for nothing ! Yours truly , ready for this month to end !!! 
Just got attacked by a killer June Bug !!! Uh , it's still May ... I killed him with OFF . Just think , if he'd done the right thing and came when he was supposed to , then he wouldn't be dead right now and I wouldn't be feeling bad about killing him . Thanks alot ! 
Banging your head against a brick wall doesn't hurt so much while you're doing it ... it's when you stop that you start to feel the pain . So my question is ... do I keep banging so it doesn't hurt or stop and hope the pain goes away ? Yes , I already know the answer ... and it hurts like hell ... I already wanna start banging again !!! 
Staying up til almost 6 sure isn't as fun as it used to be . Those days are gone ... I think .?. I know swimming at 3 is cold , going home to a sick puppy stinks and not having things go the way you thought they would sucks . But , I also know that drama free is the way to be and since I didn't have to hold anybody's head underwater ... I'd say it was a success ! It's a new day and off to Big Splash we go ! 
Red 2007 Pontiac G6 GT for sale . 
My new < PROPMALE > name is ' you idiot ' \ 
that's what my friends are calling me \ 
When they see me yelling into my phone \ 
They telling me let go , he is not the one \ 
I thought i saw your potential\ 
Guess that's what made me dumb\ 
He don't want it , not like you want it 
You stole my happy , you made me cry\ 
Took the lonely and took me for a ride\ 
And I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it\ 
You had my heart , now I want it back\ 
I'm starting to see everything you lack\ 
Boy , you blew it , you put me through it\ 
I wanna uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-undo it 
Really ?!? That just happened ... 
Truth of the matter is ... You can't handle what's on my mind ! 
I can't stand when you get that over-whelming nauseous feeling because the world is full of idiots who you either constantly attract or are attracted to . How long shall it last this time ? 
Total * E*C*L*I*P*S*E * of the heart ... I can't wait !!! Midnight will not come soon enough and it'll pass way too fast ! 
Sleep ... now ... there are dreams waiting for me oh and a 4 yr old that will be waking up in 2 hrs !!! 
When it comes to relationships , maybe we're all in glass houses , and shouldn't throw stones . Because you can never really know . Some people are settling down , some are settling and some people refuse to settle for anything less . Than butterflies ... 
No matter who broke your heart or how long it takes to heal , you'll never get through it without your friends\ 
Excited for dinner and drinks tomorrow ... I need a night out ! Ready for the next chapter to finally start , I've been rereading the last < PROPFEMALE > of this one for 7 months now . 
Hey , nice shirt , < PROPMALE > . Is it yesterday already ? 
I have a pair of < PROPMALE > Madden's that are not very happy with this weather ! I am willing to back it up in exchange for some snuggles , otherwise I'm siding with the shoes . 
Got my middle finger up , I don't really give a f *** 
What's a couple of girls gotta do to find a StarBucks ' round here !?! 
< PROPMALE > turned 13 on Monday , < PROPFEMALE > turns 13 in October , those days always makes me feel old . Today , however ... a DECADE has passed since I gave birth to the ' biggest baby in the whole world!' He has heard my heart beat from the very depths of my soul . The first perfect thing I ever did and he's been perfectly imperfect ever since . Happy Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano\ 
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though 
Perfect margaritas , long much needed talking , failed beer run observation , headed to watch BB , high hopes for some snuggles ... pretty sure today was a good day ! 
Now I'm feelin ' how I should\ 
Never knew single could feel this good , oh\ 
Stop playin ' misunderstood\ 
Back in the game , who knew I would , oh 
Keota , OK - We have arrived ... Lord help us all ! I've been trying to get signal , to post this forever ! ~ NO SERViCE ~ Maybe I'll treat Kade to his favorite resturant on the way home ... The Eaton Hole ! 
She's sittin ' here gettin ' liquored up at the bar\ 
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are\ 
There's a seven disc CD changer in her car\ 
And I'm in every single slot and your not , aww 
Nothing makes your heart drop faster than being woke up about an hour ( maybe ) after dozing off to a phone call from one of your children ... that split second before you find out they just want to come home ( at 6 AM ) is beyond terrifying . Pretty sure Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s is the only over-nights we're cut-out for !!! 
I shoulda listened , when yo told me dont do that I did it any way ... 
My friends keep askin ' me why I can't just walk away from ' em \ 
I'm addicted , to the pain , the stress , the drama I'm drawn to \ 
Shit , I guess I'm a mess , cursed and blessed \ 
But this time I ain't changin ' my mind \ 
I'm climbin ' out this abyss \ 
You're screamin ' as I walk out that I'll be missed \ 
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you , \ 
You left me off your list 
What's on my mind ? A bleached-blonde tramp and she's probably getting frisky ... 
I’ve practiced this for hours , gone round and round\ 
And now I think that I’ve got it all down\ 
And as I say it louder , I love how it sounds\ 
Cause I’m not taking the easy way out\ 
Not wrappin’ this in ribbons\ 
Shouldn’t have to give a reason why 
Just got into a fight with a < PROPFEMALE > defending Kade ! I lost the battle , but won the war ! My toe is throbbing !!! 
Happiness is caused more by the negative that you let go of than the positive that you hold onto , something that the self-centered , immature and unforgiving are unable to do . 
Cut his head out of every picture , \ 
From the letters where he said that he missed ya . \ 
All his memories , well you can kiss ' em , \ 
Bye , bye . \ 
When enough is , for sure , enough , \ 
Time to shake it out and shake it up . \ 
Get in the middle of a great big love , \ 
Wham-bam , thank you ma'am , \ 
Baby , here we go again . 
It’s so much easier said than done\ 
Nothin’s worth havin if it comes free\ 
You may not know where you’re going\ 
But you can’t get there If you never leave 
Any guy would be wise\ 
To watch his manners\ 
She comes down hard\ 
Like a ball-peen hammer\ 
Tell her what she wants to hear\ 
Don't you bust her bubble\ 
And watch how you say it\ 
Or there's gonna be trouble 
I had the worst service and food at Cheddar's last night , even the management . Thank God for pain killer's! 
No mention of < PROPMALE > ? What happened between < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > last night ? Hmm ... 
Let's have a toast to the douchebags ! Run away as fast as you can ... \ 
Love it ! 
There's a light at each end of this tunnel , \ 
You shout ' cause you're just as far in as you'll ever be out\ 
And these mistakes you've made , you'll just make them again\ 
If you only try turning around . 
People like YOU and YOU and esp . YOU are the reason people like me are the way we are ! My give a damn is completely busted and I'm so over all the BS . 
I think I may be an Almost Aunt < PROPFEMALE > again today ... 
Phone would have to die right as Baby < PROPMALE > arrived 5 lbs 1 oz 18 1/4 in born at 4:49 PM 
Watching BB earlier and I made a comment about < PROPFEMALE > being gay ... not even thinking about my precious Kade who's so close to being 5 he can taste it playing in the floor on the sweet street rug < PROPFIRST > just brought over from when he was a kid , when all I hear in the most know it all voice ever is ... If he's gay then that means he's happy ! Yes , yes , it does ! :-D 
So ... I think I'm going to start watching football , who wants to give me some football 101 for dummies and what team should I be a cheerleader for ? 
It may not be a straight line , but it's the line I < PROPFIRST > and I'm walking it ! 
There you go pulling me right back in\ 
Right back in , right back in ... 
You don't want to think about me with anyone else ... \ 
Really ?!? Seriously ?!? Did you say that to me ?!? Pretty sure it doesn't work that way . 
No matter how big he gets , no matter how far he goes , he'll always be my baby . I hope this truth he knows ! Kade < PROPFIRST > is 5 today ! Thank goodness for my friends having babies to help with this fever ! Happy Happy Birthday baby boy ! 
So many men think all a girl needs is to be sold a dream ... 
Me and my girls , rock worlds ... 
I need a drink , a man , or a massage . Or a drunken massage by a man . 
You got to know when to hold ' em , know when to fold ' em , \ 
Know when to walk away and know when to run . \ 
You never count your money when you're sittin ' at the table . \ 
There'll be time enough for countin ' when the dealin's done . 
Are you ashamed ? Feeling guilty ? Oh , just not proud of yourself ... sounds like a personal problem to me . Have fun with all that business ! I'm out . 
Cocky with a sweet smooth talking platinum tongue ! ;-) 
Please don't lie to me , unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the truth . 
I detest the man who hides one thing in the depth of his heart and speaks forth another . 
If you do not wish to be lied to , do not ask questions . If there were no questions , there would be no lies . 
I'm Sorry , did my back hurt your knife ? 
God has given you one face , and you make yourself another . 
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be . 
He's gonna get in trouble , oh , he's gonna get in fights\ 
I'm gonna lose my temper and some sleep\ 
It's safe to say that I'm gonna get my payback\ 
If he's anything like me ... \ 
Love me some < PROPMALE > ! 
My feel bad is broken ... 
I'm not really concerned with the things you say to me ... it's what you're telling everyone else I have a problem with ! 
Just because your feelings change with the Oklahoma weather doesn't mean the facts will too . 
Pain u just have 2 ride it out hope it goes away on its own hope the wound that caused it heals There are no solutions no easy answers u just breath deep and wait 4 it 2 subside Most of the time pain can be managed but sometimes the pain gets u where u least expect it Hits way below the belt and doesn't let up Pain u just have 2 fight through because the truth is u can't outrun it and life always makes more 
Did I mention I don't particularly care for her\ 
She makes me sick ... 
Be careful whose toes you step on today because they might be connected to the foot that kicks your a ** tomorrow ! 
Go Green ... Jeff Green that is ! 36 pts ! Thunder up at the end of all 3 quarters ! 
Game ended . Thunder won ! \ 
OKC : 97\ 
CHA : 93\ 
Say something ... 
Insanity is knowing that what you're doing is completely idiotic , but still , somehow , you just can't stop it . 
OLD SCHOOL\ 
There's people that's gonna say things that's not even true\ 
How bout the one that goes , ' Yeah , she goes with him . He bought her the car , the ice , the clothes and rims . ' \ 
As for men , who knows where my story will start\ 
I went through a relationship that nearly tore me apart\ 
So I'm chillin for now , it's all about me for the moment\ 
cause there's things that I wouldn't allow\ 
But I'ma be aight though .. 
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big , not realizing that life is made up of little things . 
\Not yours ours\ " ~ My bad ! How long do you think that will fly before someone decides they're not really ok with it ? " 
I used to think snuggles were my cure-all , seriously reconsidering ... I think basketball is where it's at . It doesn't even matter that we didn't pull off a win tonight . We can't win ' em all and really it's just about the ' heat ' of the moment anyways . !!! THUNDER UP !!! 
The whole effin ' THUNDER team except for Green at the CityWalk !!!! 
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough i'm like ... 
When the desert floods and the grass turns blue ... 
Pre-season THUNDER game tonight at the BOK ... don't mind if I do !!! The boys are almost as excited as I am ... almost . 
You can't calculate my status ... 
Ok , this is how it is ... if our heads weren't so far up our rear ends this evening the rest of us probably wouldn't have been dinner for the Grizzlies . Now boys , I understand it's just Pre-season but try to play all 4 quarters the same as you did the last one . Blow outs aren't any fun to watch all my nails are still the same length ! THUNDER UP ... next time ! 
I'm telling you , it was just the THUNDER from down under ... They woke up realized what they did last night and are a little upset about it ! 
I'm a sh*t starter , and I do it for no reason at all ... so why give me one ? 
You make me smile ... and laugh hysterically !!! Yep , you're a pretty funny guy . Just sayin ' ... 
In order to play by or follow the rules , it's best to actually know what they are and who you're playing against ... I'd be willing to bet almost anything it's not what or who you think it is at all . 
Life is made up of one battle after another . You can win all the battles you want but in the end the only thing that really matters is who wins the war . Just make sure in between you remember what you're really fighting for ! 
Happiness never decreases by being shared . 
Let's not go to < PROPFIRST > , let's go to the grocery store ! 
I've had my moments , days in the sun\ 
Moments I was second to none\ 
Moments when I knew I did what I thought I couldn't do ... \ 
Lookin ' at me now you might not know it\ 
But I've had my moments 
He is now dead to me . 
And I'm not hoping we can work it out . \ 
I'm done with how I feel . \ 
Spinning my wheels , \ 
letting you drag my heart around . \ 
And I'm not thinking you could ever change . \ 
I know my heart will never be the same . \ 
But I'm telling myself I'll be OK , \ 
even on my weakest day . \ 
I get a little bit stronger . 
I’m alive again\ 
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life\ 
I can see these people’s ears perk up as I begin\ 
To spaz with the pen , I’m a little bit sicker than most\ 
Sh-t’s finna get thick again ! 
You got your friends , just like I got mine ! 
Bulls ... nah , that's ok ... we're too cool ! !!! THUNDER !!! Season opener ... this is just the beginning , can't wait for the rest of the season ! 
Trying hard not to hear but they talk so loud\ 
Their piercing sounds fill my ears , try to fill me with doubt\ 
Yet I know that the goal is to keep me from falling 
!!! THUNDER UP !!! I knew this was going to be a great weekend !!! 
Finally I can say ... I'm spending the evening with my favorite niece < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Short !!! 
Despite the second flat tire this week , 2 hours of sleep , 2 hour 15 < PROPFEMALE > drive condensed into 1.5 , not having the full band of Kiss all together yet ... this is a beautiful day and I'm pretty sure the fact that I'm a proud owner of a THUNDER snuggi makes everything ok ! BooHaha here we come ! 
21 point loss ... I don't like all that Jazz ! :-( 
Well ... that pretty much sucks . 
One finger up and I'm out ... cause you ain't even worth two . 
I've lost 52 lbs since November 2008 - it's 5 days shy of being 2 years exactly , I weigh 148 lbs and comfortably wear a size 7 , except for on my ' FAT ' days then I uncomfortably wear them or just wear my size 9's! Haha ! 
NBA Dunk of the Day\ 
< PROPFIRST > Westbrook floats one to a charging < PROPFIRST > Durant for the alley-oop . \ 
http://nbadunk.net/5g 
Dear 2010 , In your final hours , I feel it's necessary to express my happiness to see you go . You have more than wore out your welcome and I'm disappointed in your overall performance . You will not be missed , good riddance ! Yours truly , blissful in Branson ! 
Kade is about to lose his first tooth ! 
