i hate it when your doing 2 things and you mix ' em up 

Thesaurus isnt in the thesaurus 
nigahiga 
shooting on post 
A promise between friends means never having to give a reason - Friends 
dont you hhate it when your 75% asleep and 25%awake and your dreaming and what you do in your dream you do in real life 
i just called my mom miss ... 
it's too late baby jus to turn it around i got my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds this is how i do when i think about you 
is extremely super bored . like so bored if you were ever this bored you'd porbably die from being so bored 
today's a winding road that's take'n me to places that i didn't want to go 
Blame it on the corporate skyscrapers in the clouds , But if wasn't for you , We wouldn't have all these multiple crowds . How am I suppose to choose , which one I belong to ? 
i think i just realized what happened 
i need costume ideas 
today wasn't the best day 
worst week EVER 
getting 4 teeth pulled tomorrow =/ 
so i got my 4 teeth pulled out 
sigh .............. i don't know what to do !!! 
oh tonight im feel'n fine im alone just waste'n time on friday movie night or romantic candle light 
All night staring at the ceiling counting for minutes I've been feeling this way\ 
So far away and so alone But you know it's alright I came to my senses Letting go of my defenses There's no way I'm giving up this time Yeah , you know I'm right here I'm not losing you this time . 
sigh .............. im so confused !!!! 
yeah !!! lets carve pumpkins !!!! \ 
a few moments later\ 
Ewwwww !!! pumpkin guts !!! 
i keep contradicting myself .... 
somethings getting in the way . somethings just about to break . i will try to find my place in the diary of < PROPFEMALE > 
i have a plan ! 
i think i know what to do 
i can breath again 
haha middle school has school today 
i went to my iaido class(japanese swordsmanship ) so i was all dressed up in the kimono and everything and when i got there there was a cheerleading thingy going on ... EPIC FAIL 
im sooooo tired - . - 
just the pokemon theme song on my ipod .... i feel EPIC !!!!! 
Type your Name : < PROPFIRST > taylor\ 
With your Elbow : bramndon tayylor\ 
With your Nose : < PROPFIRST > taylor\ 
With your eyes shut : < PROPFIRST > tayler\ 
Post this as your status don't erase the mistakes 
went to sleep at 2 and just woke up .... im still tired 
watching the rugrats movie .... yes ! (fist pump ) 
cant wait for the back to back rugrats 
awwww yuck flat soda 
it kills me not to know this but ive all but just forgotten what the color of her eyes were and her scars oh she got them as the telling signs of age rain down a single tear is dropp'n through the valleys of an aging face that this world has forgotten 
you know my name you know my face you'd know my heart if you knew my place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go 
hard to see the window facing foward looking back over yearsspent tracing wondering how you left your track under water breathing burns your lungs and breaks your backs and you could be waiting for a day that wont come 
would you rather live as a monster , or die as a good man 
lols today was ... comical 
\I'm so happy for you guys . And you are both so lucky ! I mean you both said the right names and nobody was drunk and nobody was gay .... and on your first try .... \ " lols friend " 
i just woke up ... 
AHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! icyhot burns !!!!!!! 
i dont wanna waste my time become another casualty of society i'll never fall in line become another victim of your conformity and back down 
snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day 
2hr delay ....... 
IT'S COLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hopefully we dont have school tomorrow either 
no school tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!! 
100% of living are alive 
oh my god ! that's so unfair ! all because of gay pipe too ! 
Theres a place off ocean avenue where i used to sit and talk with you we were both sixteen and it felt so right sleeping all day staying up all night 
oh my god ! ms. < PROPFIRST > what does artwork have to do with english ?!?!?!?! 
If you only knew the pain , the pain I keep inside , the pain that makes me \me\ " Then without it who am I ? in a room of broken walls I lay in scene and dreams I want you to see " 
who knew putting together a desk could be so confusing 
who knew playing sonic with a click wheel could be so hard ... 
it's very hard to watch jumper and try to photoshop at the same time .... 
you , you want nothing to do with me . you , you want nothing to do with me . i , i don't know what to do with you . cause you don't know what you do to me . 
so my mom asks \how do you spell glad ? \ " and she starts spelling it \ " G R A\ " ... sigh FOBS " 
if im going to photoshop i might as well have fun with it 
oh my gawd !!! centipedes !!!! 
i know it's not enough to say i'm wrong . you know that i'll miss you now you're gone . i know it's your life to see this through . just know that in my heart , it beats for you . so leave a little note for me behind . i swear i have to know the reasons why this wont survive 
has learned to do the pop up 
let's decide to be the architects , the master's of our fate . yeah , we still believe in all the things that we stood by before . and now to everything we've seen here maybe even more . and i know we ' re not the only ones , we were not the first . unapologeticly we'll stand behind these words 
The House on Mango Street .... i hated that book but it makes a surprisingly good mouse pad 
can you hear the crowd ? they all go wild for you and your denial they’re watching you break down(break Down ) hate me all you want , i’ll be okay i’m half the world away i’m letting you go now ( go now ) 
i'm cold and white i'm holding on i'll try to breathe for you i'm crying out i'm singing loud you could be all i need 
this whole routine is getting old so am i , and so are you my reputation lets me know i can do whatever i want to though it seems that you believe you can do whatever it is you please not before , not before you wind up on your knees don't cry to me no more 
it's finally over !!! aizen has finally been defeated ! but that was a terrible ending 
would the ninja glare be considered rebeling ??? 
it's < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > outside 
time to go to hulu 
they can take our lives but they cant take our FREEDOM 
gotta start on my collage 
killzone 3 , intense 
if you only knew the pain , the pain i keep inside , the pain that makes me \me\ " . then without it who am i in a room with broken walls i lay in scene and dreams i want you to see . " 
something's getting in the way something's just about to break i will try to find my place in the diary of < PROPFEMALE > as i burn another < PROPFEMALE > as i look the other way i still try to find my place In the diary of < PROPFEMALE > 
where's a fighting type pokemon when you need one ??? 
you can't break an unbreakable vow 
Like this and i will tell you ;\ 
1 . How we met :\ 
2 . Would I date you :\ 
3 . Who are you to me : \ 
4 . What I like best about you : \ 
5 . What I dislike about you : \ 
6 . Favorite memory of us : \ 
7 . First impression of you was :\ 
8 . How close we are out of 10 : \ 
9 . Looks out of 10 : \ 
10 . Repost 
the field trip was a disappointment , i was expecting to be bit by a mutated spider , but nooo . all i got was arby's and a dizzy feeling 
i feel so ninja dodging all of the other trainers 
i carried weight but i could not do a thing , and i'm done seeking treasure just to wake up in an early grave so i stopped right there and said go all alone cause i won't follow , this isnt giving up no , this is letting go 
simisear used lick ... gross ! 
best pokemo storyline ever 
i give up ..... 
all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream 
gotta let go before i'm cut off 
finally found a good reason 
