Somebody call . Seriously bored . 

Had a nice sober newyear with good friends . 
Work in 4 hrs !! Bowling was totally worth it ! 
hearts bodybuilding . 
Listening to some oceanlab and spacing out . 
quads glutes and hams . Nuked . 
ready to get these finals over with . 
is getting fat ! 
knees hurt . 
fafsa makes me want to break shit . 
\you guys are all hot until you start talking ... \ " - anonymous girl from the gym " 
is in the best mood ever ! 
Still not figured out what i am doing for newyear . 
I LOVE SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today couldn't get much worse ... 
has a lot of stuff to do today ... 
is learning ... 
got a webcam !!!! 
Worst week ever ... 
soul calibur pisses me off more than anything ever . 
My phone doesn't work . Temporarily stop texting . Use Facebook . I should have a new phone with the same number within the next week or two . 
fml . 
apparently my bed is now shared with an overweight cat ... 
Extremely tired . Its only 11:10 . This normal sleep schedule thing is killing me . 
Another day . 
throwing down some new loops . Might finish this one . 
needs some new music to listen to . Any suggestions ? 
EVERYBODY !!! - I got a new phone . My number is 812-718-9347 . Easy to remember huh ?... Still trying to figure out how the heck it works . One of those touch screen Palm Pri things . 
Echausted like crazy . 
Metabolism . Out of control . 
just got done doing 3 hrs of homework I didn't even know I had . I see a nap happening tomorow ... 
I have decided the videogames have gone too far . I walked out onto the IUPUC campus today in the snow and for a solid 3 or 4 seconds I was subconciously scoping the field infront of me for potential land mines ... 
Worthless day . 
Making stir fry for the first time . Wish me luck ! 
Gyros for the win 
time to do taxes !! 
Time for legs ... ugh . 
everyone but me is sick !!!! Going to hide in my room till all of this passes ! 
absolutely exhausted . 
Listening to radiohead for the first time in forever ... completely blown away like its the first time i heard them . Every time . 
This morning can't possibly get any worse . 
Alright kids , the phone number is back to the original 812-592-8898 as of as soon as I get to the verizon place in the morning . Returned the Palm . Sprint sucks . So text me . Doing nothing but studying finite tomorow :( 
DragonForce seems to aid you in doing any kind of task a whole lot faster ... not sure whether you get pumped from the music or just want to get as far away from it as possible --- as soon as possible ... either way , powerstudying for the win ! 
is honestly looking foreward to going to work at 6017 . yea ... its been one of those weeks . 
Snow + Toast + Dir en Grey = win . 
Feels horrible :( 
Finally got some sleep . Amazing . 
Is facebook a piece of crap and slow stuff down and not send messages for everyone or does it just hate me ? 
diet starts Monday !!! 
strange . 
rock bottom ! 
One week down . 12 to go . 
Frustration on an epic level . 
Why , hello abs . It's been a while . 
Just found diet A&W cream soda at Kroger ... life just greatly improved ... 
late night pickle run at Kroger . Dieting for a show is kinda like pregnancy ... 
Finishing up writing my I minute of music for the May 22 bodybuilding competition ! 
Got the best phone call ever . 
ksh patta patta patta patta ksh patta patta patta patta ksh patta patta patta ksh+bap jig jig .... jigga jigga ji-ga ji-ga jigga jigga 
needs a new profile picture . 
grape fruit !! 
egg whites and finite . 
bored . hit me up . 592-8898 
sick . Very sick . No time for this ... grr 
mangled the front of my car on a deer this morning :( 
Glad to be somewhat back into the swing of things . 
Had an awesome run through cbus this morning ! 
driving a prius until car is dealt with 
ugh . stressed . 
Hoping this whole car thing works out . 
Dear comcast and or my router , I hate you . 
... weird ... 
Needs a ride up to Fishers to get my car !!!! 
just precooked and packed 8 meals and cleaned the kitchen in 40 minutes . Record time . 
Working on posing . 5 more weeks and 10 more pounds . Getting uncomfortably close . 
car isn't happy :( 
starving .... 
the Bimmer apparently has 3 bent rims . Anybody want to donate ? 
Hell yea !!! A voice activated- talking pokedex app for my phone ! I knew this droid would be useful eventually !! 
Tea time ! 
I think everything that can possibly screw up screws up . Worst < PROPFEMALE > ever or something ... 
SC2 finally has a release date ... about time !!! 
Can't wait to get fat again !!!! 
This hellish semester is almost over ... 
Bodybuilding show in the Morn ! Wish me luck kiddies ! 
Soooooo relieved that today is over . Met a ton of cool people today , and got a pleasant surprise of support from awesome friends !! Ended up third in my division . Will do better next time due to many things learned . If anybody has pics ( that don't suck ... if you can find any ) post em ! I don't have any ... Food time ! Gotta gain that 55lbs back ! 
Swole season . 
AC is finally on ... the chances of me flipping out and breaking shit has decreased by .... 100% 
A couple of competition pictures are now up in my pictures for those who didn't go . They aren't very good , but they were the only ones i could get currently . 
needs to quit being a grump ! 
is really getting into folk metal . 
hate ... summer . Want to move north ... way north . 
quadz . Ow . 
< PROPFIRST > C food store pastries ... why do you taunt me so ... 
Good night . Good friends . 
anybody know of good piano teachers ? 
Needs to quit training so late ! 
Who wants to play some soccer next week ?? 
A swim under the stars was a perfect way to end the night ! 
According to my phone it is 78 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > with 0% < PROPMALE > of precipitation and a flash flood watch ... 
Mag bar . 
Time for the work week :( 
Can't sleep as usual . 
Is going to miss the game :( somebody has to keep me updated ! 
Wait , it was this morning ! Deutschland !! Lol ! 
Wearing swimtrunks to work was a phenomenal idea ! 
On the way to tennessee ... 4 days with no gym ... I may lose my mind ! 
A steaming cup of coffee , a good book and a beautiful mountain range right off of my balcony high above the trees . I think this will be a good day . 
Damn black bear ruined my run :( 
Insomnia like crazy ... 
Freedom ... finally . What shall i do this week ... 
write music or sleep . This is a frequent question . 
Clothes shopping ... why can't things come in bodybuilder sizes ? 
Where is a good place to eat lunch in louisville ? And where is a good gym ?? Time to drive around and figure it out ... 
Nothing like night city driving to some good trance music ! 
Very long day ... 
survived another work week . Sleep sounds amazing . 
A full night of sleep is amazing ! So pumped . 
A good book , a steady downpour outside and some trance radio ... good afternoon ! 
So sore ... more so than usual ... what the hell 
Ugh ... why am I so patient ... 
made some new friends , danced a lot- good night ! 
Mmmm bdubs 
Anybody wan't to come and train legs today ?? I have no workout < PROPMALE > :*( 
Most insane leg day i have had in months ! :) 
Can't handle this heat . It needs to be fall asap ! 
Can't stand watching what people eat ! 
wants to play some Dance Dance Revolution ... asap ! 
Overtime !! Yay !!! 
Drove a crystler sebring all the way to louisville :( Made me appreciate the hell out of my bimmer !! 
home from overtime . Time for some much needed sleep ! 
Finally . A day to relax a bit after a crazy week . 
my gluuuuuuuuuutes !!! :( 
just wants a solid night of sleep ! Maybe Monday ... 
More overtime this week ! good and bad i suppose . 
Ahhh . Nothing like taking a long shower and laying around in a towel after being in a warehouse for the past three days ! 
Composer's block ... 
I wish I could do some kind of brain imaging experiment to see what trance music is causing up there . Makes my day better no matter what ! 
Time to teach the little punks ! :p 
SC2 ... see everybody in a couple of weeks ... 
is a bit tired of boxes , twelve hour shifts , and not having a weekend . 
Way too many decisions all at once !!! Stress :( 
another 10 hrs of overtime ! 
Skipped the gym today ... work is killer . 
Just got a free xbox 360 ... well ... almost free . 30$ replacement drive ..... Seriously ... nerdgasm ... thank you gos . 
Watching \Made in Germany\ " about < PROPMALE > Ruhl . His wife is bigger than me ... humiliation ... " 
Legs are so sore I can hardly walk ! 
thinking about getting one of those 25$ phone plans that run off Verizon towers . My Droid is worthless for my needs . All i use is the gps . Save me 60 bucks a month ... 
dysmorphia sucks ... 
can't sleep 
pumped out of my mind about having my Mondays back ! 
TGIM !! 
Needs to get out and have a good evening . Lacking stimuli . 
quadz 
Quite a frustrating day . 
Fresh 
Why can't life be like harvest < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is terrified of fountain drinks because the diet might actually not be diet ... 
just cooked the best meal ever ! 
Listening to some Opeth . It has been too long , they blow my mind every time ... 
Needs training partner tonight asap ! Mine all bailed ! 
Mmmmmm sushi 
I wish I had signed up for cable tv with the internet just so i could watch HGTV ... 
This breakfast buffet has no idea the carnage which is going to ensue ... 
pwning homework face !!! 
Baking . 
feeling ill 
Anyone want to buy a Droid in perfect condition ? ( no not the kind that fits in your x-wing ) I am going to be parting with mine soon . I don't use any of the apps or internet stuff . 
Desperate times call for desperate measures . Guess ill have to be a stripper . 
Giving random people I don't know nutrition advice in the cafe 
I think I could eat protein brownies all day every day ... mmmmmmmmm 
Feeling burnt out . 
One of those angry days I suppose . 
Seeing Muse tomorrow ! 
Davin 
Piece of shit smart phones . Lol . 
Muse was phenomenal . Pics and Video up soon . 
I hear sirens . Since I live in a rural area I never hear sirens . I do hear sirens a lot when I visit cities . I love cities . Brain immediately associates sirens with cities ( positive stimuli ) . I hear sirens and get all happy . Bizarre . 
needs a knee replacement . Maybe two . I blame the warehouse ... 
Quit wearing those dumb shoes . They aren't going to make you not fat . 
thinks life is going to improve immensely during the next couple of months :) 
I hate my kneeeees !!!! 
Sometimes i wonder if am the only person with a last.fm account that has both a Dimmu Borgir and < PROPMALE > Styles channel ... 
:) 
Rode a horse today ! 
Finally have figured out what is wrong with the bimmer !! Just have to fix it now ... and pay for parts .... sigh ... 
Thanks everybody ! My birthday has been great ! 
Going outta my head 
Wonderful Weather ! I wish I had time to go hiking ! 
Trying to figure out gradschool options makes me want to scream ... 
Boiling 4 or 5 dozen eggs ! yummm 
Louisville tonight !! 
A Perfect November day ! Makes me want to sit down with a book and some tea ! 
wants the next two weeks to be over ... now 
NITROUS OXIDE FINALLY HAS A FULL CD OUT !!!!!!!!! 
wishes i could have some christmas music , lights , snow , a big sweater , a stiff drink , and a good videogame ! It is that time of year ... I hate you , finals ... I hate you ... 
Meow 
Is going kinda crazy ... 
\Everytime I hear a bassdrop I want to chokehold a deer ! \ " -- Rj hicks while listening to a deathcore track ... " 
Trying to do all of your internet stuff from your phone is like having dialup all over again .... I think the ptsd is coming back ... 
Has a wicked cold but had a perfect christmas anyway ! 
Is excited about the future ... for the first time . 
Hungry ... always :( 
There are many mornings stand in front of a mirror ... silent ... cold ... taking a long hard look at the man who stares back at me ... and I think to myself ... WHAT THE HELL !!?? I look like i should be in a tekken game ... 
I hate taking nutrition courses in college . Pop general nutrition is so much different than fitness nutrition . If I hear the words low fat diet one more time I am going to scream ... 
This semester will probably be by far the hardest one I have for my undergrad :/ second week of school and I literally have NO free time unless it cuts into my sleep ... 
is oddly chipper ... 
Cant wait for 60s , green and thunderstorms ! 
Taking a whole week off from the gym for the first time in more than 3 years . It would seem that I have mono :( 
Mono it is . Got the bloodwork done today . Plus a sinus infection that has spread to my throat just for good measure ! I suppose this is a good opportunity to let everything recover muscle wise , as well as recover from over-use of stimulants lol . 
First day back to the gym !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The day after leg day is always irritating because I can't tell if my quads are twitching or if my phone is constantly ringing in my pocket ... 
I . Hate . Mono . 
desperately needs change . 
All nighter ... still not done with homework ... I hate this semester ... luckily its with perfect company :) 
Was in an awful mood and then saw new skyrim screenshots ... ooooooooooo 
Wish I could train like back in highschool ... 
Uninspired . 
So much homework !!!! 
I love it when oncourse decides to magically erase a post that took me a good 45 minutes to write ... 
cheesy biscuits ... 
Slowly people make me lose what little remaining faith I have in the human race . I just want to meet someone I can respect . 
i just calculated i get about 350-525g of carbs just from < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats per day ... 
D&D needs to happen .... and happen soon ! 
just discovered the secrets of dubstep composition on fl studio ... about time ! 
I need everyone to send me their phone number asap . I have a new phone and my old one is toast . Lost every single contact !! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Blows my mind . 
At times my rate of consumption is annoying ... 
This will be the crappiest night/next day ever . I hate procrastination . 
Nothing destroys the self esteem like being an A student and staring at a stats final , frustrated that you can't think of how to solve the problems , knowing that you will have to retake the class . Your thousand dollars were spent merely to put you through immense amounts of stress for an entire semester . 
Awesome ! The republican headquarters next door is having a meeting !!! Thanks for stealing every parking spot in a three block radius ! I hope you don't mind winds of plague resonating through your walls !!! 
love some goa trance at night . 
Time to move north . I can't handle being in an oven every time I walk out of my apartment . 
You know you are a nerd when you are looking to download a series called \into the worm hole\ " and you spell it \ " wyrm \"..." 
Wants to go on a trip . 
Needs a workout < PROPMALE > tonight asap !! 
is writing a pretty cool trance track . It will be posted as soon as it is finished ! 
is a viking . 
Holy Crap I'm almost 240lbs ! Happy day . 
< PROPFEMALE > Kemp is the sweetest person alive . I came home and she had made me a delicious dinner !!! 
wants icecream . 
New VNV cd tomorrow !!! 
Just downloaded ff7 for my PHONE ! Maybe there is some hope in this world ... 
i wish there was more time in a week . I want to go hiking ! 
