Child care is ridiculously expensive , how do people afford this much money and not make like $30 an hour ? 

Save green by going green . If your contract's up this summer , recycle your iPhone for a Palm Pre . Put $ 1,200 back in your pocket and make a world of difference for kids and the environment . 
WOW ! a daddy of two . My life is going great 
its amazing how slow time goes by when your waiting for something good to happen 
Fuck I hate money trouble , it's the worse kind of stress known to man . 
3 hours of sleep and finding out that your dad is in the hospital is not a good way to start a friday . AND I have to try and act normal at work . FUCK this sucks 
After a good weekend I'm feeling better , I can't wait untill thursday so i can head back down to Cali for Christmas . 
Happy new year . I had a great time . Boobies are good 
I remember why I don't like drinking to that kind of excess . The next day sucks . A bottle and a half of good vodka , and a couple of beers . But last nite was fun 
AAAHHHH !!! Sprint is getting the NEXUS ONE by GOOGLE . holy shit . this is good news people . 
FORGET ABOUT THE NEXUS ONE , WE HAVE THE HTC EVO BY SPRINT . HTC EVO 4G from Sprint 4.3 inch full touch screen , Supports Hotspot capabilities up to 8 devices , 1Ghz snapdragon processor , android 2.1 , has HD video out , supports Flash and offers great Multimedia experience . 
I don't recommend getting sleep apnea and having an allergy attack . It makes for a very foggy irritating day . 
I'm shocked at how good Wellsfargo customer service has gotten . I had a merchent take money out too early and it caused over $350 in overdrafts . I called wellsfargo and they put in a case and said it would be 10 days . 2 days later it was approved and I got credited back . not all of it was done though so I called in again and the next day , A SATURDAY , the rest was taken care of . eveyone I talked to was plesent too . 
AAAHHHH !!!!!! allergins are attacking my eyes . and now my eyes hate me because I can't do anything about it . 
so I'm almost half way through my day and it's friday . But it's not the last day of the week for me , I work on saturdays . This only sucks today when everyone else is < PROPFEMALE > happy it's friday 
trying to update tour facebook statue with a very curious 2 year old trying to see what your doing is quite a challenge . But then this also means that he is sitting on the couch next to me leaning his head on my chest . Life doesn't get any better . 
2 yr old being wake for 3 1/2 hours + 7 mo . old waking up 1 hour before I normally get up = GW is a walking zombie 
Tired but in a really good mood . looking forward to seeing my family in 4 hours . then going to bed . 
I'm selling my Xbox . Anybody who is interested or knows sombody let me know 
So HP is buying Palm , my favorite computer company buying the creator of my favorite phone , I hope this works out well 
Wow I am < PROPFEMALE > nervous about finding out if I got this coach position . It really is a matter of if I get it I can pay my bills and if I don't I can't . I hope my experience pulls me through 
this waiting game sucks ass , I've always been impatient 
Well it looks like it will be a bit longer before I find out . 
Mission failed . Launch is a no go . 
So I got the feed back on why I didn't get the job . The supervisors find me to be arrogent . Imagion that . Me arrogent * sarcasium * they just don't know me yet . I will get it next time :) 
My brain is just not working today . I'm staring at my computer screen wondering what I was just doing . Knowing that I know 
So it's nice and busy at work today . It makes the day go by faster . And that's a good thing after 4 and a half hours od struggling sleep 
Well today is my friday , here's to hopeing it goes by fast . 
only 3 and a half hours left . good shit 
27 < PROPFEMALE > left 
Happy mom's day everyone who is a mom . 
4 hours and 15 < PROPFEMALE > . 
almost time for me to go home and see my babies , yay 
Anticipation sucks ass . 
HTC EVO 4G will be launched on June 4th 
We ate at cici's and Xander had his first real food . Video to come in a few < PROPFEMALE > 
well it's friday for every one but me agian , the only time I don't like working tuesday through saturday 
I just had to go put Calim back to sleep , it feels so good that I can do that , and it's like the only thing I do better the Jenn when it comes to the boys . I have a great wife . 
saturday , my friday , except i'm working overtime on monday . at least I have D&D tonight and freinds from cali tomorrow . it should be a good weekend , now if I could get this quantum flux capaciter working to jump the time up 2 and a half hours . 
What the hell am I doing at work this early on my day off ? oh yeah . Didn't get the promotion so now I have to work overtime to pay the bills . Oh well . 
Only 45 < PROPFEMALE > left then I go home for a few hours and then it back off to work 
training at work has pushed up my lunch by an hour and a half . I've already cut what I eat down to a fraction of what I used to and now they expect that a big guy like me can go from 9:30 am to 6 : 30 pm with no more food , sorry it's just not going to work . but I have no choice 
there is never enough time or money , but alwasy a situation where you need more time and more money . such is life . oh well 
So I think I may have a masicistic streak I just signed up for 5 days of 12 hour days and one 8 hour day . All between monday and saturday next week . Ouch 
The days just blend together when you are at work 13 hours a day . At least I get to sleep in tomorrow . 6:00 am yay ! 
I hate looking at my phone now that i'v played with an EVO 
so i'm feelin better , sleeping an extra hour or so does quite a bit . 
only 30 < PROPFEMALE > left untill my first 2 day weekend in 3 weeks . it's gonna feel good . 
well I got my full weekend and now I find myself back at work . the weekend didn't seem long enough after the week I had . And yes shorty I know you have it worse 
days fly by when your only awake for half of them . coming in a 5am I don't wake up untill I only have about 3 hours left ., it's cool 
LIFE IS A DAZE WHEN GETTING USED TO A NEW SCHEDULE 
Dodgers baby . Winning 10 to 1 
sitting at my computer nodding off at work , I'm gonna end up with QWERTY stamped on my forehead 
well all that overtime made for a very pretty paycheck . too bad it's gone , but we're taking care of some importaint things with it . 
so almost a week after the HTC EVO 4G launched and I still havent had a Tech support call where the phone was the problem . and I have only heard of one case where the phone's volum button was not working . Just amazing . 
So I'm finally getting some recongnition at work . My call center won the crown banquet award for the first quarter ' 10 and I have been invited to a lunch with the big boss for being one of the top 15 reps in the center . And I won the Crown Perks for the month of april for being one of the top 4 reps . This should help get me that coach position the next time it opens . 
well time to go back to work after my all too short 15 < PROPFEMALE > break 
I am so glad the week is over now I just have to work through 3 more hours . 
So it is a nice change of pace to be a bit slow at work today . the only downfall is it makes the day crawl by 
So we just bought our first \family\ " car . A ' 07 toyota RAV4 . It's real nice " 
Well I'm trying to muscle my way through today the way I failed to yesterday . It seems to be working , I'm not hurting as bad as yesterday . 
EVERYONE WHO IS GOING TO CALIMS PARTY . It has been moved to 3 pm . Same day and place 
WOWit's amazing how hard it is to stay at work when there will be no repercutions for leaving and my vacation starts tomorrow . 
So back to work after a long weekend in cali , I had fun but it is nice to be home too . 
A man who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool . But a man who knows not and knows that he knows not is a wise man 
Can't is the only 4 letter word that should be shunned 
You shouldn't every say \I Can't\ " if you've never tried " 
at 5 am it was 90 degrees . just thought those of you not in vegas would like to know . of course this is nothing compaird to our friends and family in Iraq . 
tick tock , tick tock , tick tock . The clock is laughing in my face . come on 2 o'clock . 
It's friday , cool . now it just needs to hurry and be 2pm on friday hehe . 
No Father’s Bond\ 
This boy had known\ 
Yet future fond\ 
Two boys had shown\ 
\ 
This kind of love\ 
He’s never known\ 
He found a rub\ 
No model shown \ 
He’s told by all\ 
Rule with your heart\ 
You will not fall\ 
But fears a dart \ 
For them he’d cry\ 
For them he’d die 
If this coffee doens't kick in soon I'm gonna have a new tattoo on my forehead \QWERT \"" 
2 hours 20 < PROPFEMALE > . and I'm on my way home 
So getting no sleep for 3 days and poping a loratab before bed for the pain equals late to work the next morning because I slept through hitting the snooze on my alarm . 
Whachu wanna do , wanna be hackers , code crackers , slackers , \ 
Wastin ' time with all the chat room yackers . \ 
9-5 chillin ' at hewlett packerds . \ 
yeah payin ' the bills with my mad programin ' skills . \ 
defraggin ' my hard drive for thrills 
hand doctor appointment today , lets see if I can get my hands to start working right agian . then an appointment with a school to see if there is a way to actually get a degree for all my work over the last 4 years . hears to hopeing for a good day . 
It's jenn ... when the hell did my kids start thinking they have a say in what they eat ... lol mommy always wins 
I'm in olfactory heaven 
So came and went another Friday the 13th , and yet again it was a better day then most . 
Ok so we found a new apartment . Now come the credit application to see if we have a security deposit . Lets hope not 
And it's official . No security deposit . We are moving starting the 21st 
So I am offically recurting help to move all of our big furnatur to the new apartment on saturday aug 28th . any body who is willing to help let me know I will give directions and times . thanks 
So with two weeks notice everyone just about that I ask to help me move either have prior engagments or have injuries that are preventing them from helping . Hopefully I get some kind of help next saturday 
OK all it's time to vote Calim as the next Gerber Baby . Go to : http://www.gerber.com/photo/#/vote/ and hit the search photos button at the bottom . Enter “Calim” in the name field , he is the only one that comes up 
OK finally done with schoo for tonight , going to bed now . nite everyone . 
so I didn't get through the damb pannel interview again . What the fuck do I have to do . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . This has been a pretty good 5th 25th birthday 
so I found out why I didn't get the job . I guess I don't play the political game well . 
So my 2 year and 3 mo . old can now count up to 6 all by himself . Out of no where . it's amazing how fast they learn . 
So I recieved some bad news about a very close family member today and I'm not sure how it is effecting me . Please don't as who or what , that will be up to that person to say . I just needed to get it off my chest . I think it's fucking with me a bit more then I would like . 
so I'm all stressed out because of the news last night . Me and jenn were fighting this morning over some dumb shit . And I just spoke to the 4th of the 8 supervisors that interviewed me and again I was told that they recommended me . I need to get my head on stright so I don't fuck up the rest of my day being all pissy 
finally I get to order my new phone tonight . Buy this time thursday I will be the proud ownder of a HTC EVO hehe . The nerd in me is rejoicing 
so I'm sitting at work waiting for 9:01 to come so I can get my EVO . The four of us that were lucky or diligent enough to get here early to get a computer start to panic . The sight isn't updating with the phone available to order . 9:12 comes by and it's there . And already sold out . Luckily I was still able to get an Epic . I'm very happy 
I just checked UPS and my phone is on the truck out for delivery . I wish there was a way to GPS track that truck . Hehe 
I got my epic ! I got my epic ! 
I LOVE MY PHONE 
So I just got a new Laptop for school . It's amazing , I got my homework done with the kids away part of the way . I would have not been able to do that on my desktop in my room . They would either kill eachother or kill my bedroom . 
sitting outside of autozone waiting for jenn to finish a meeting . I'm so glad I got the laptop , I was able to do all kinds of homework . 
getting sick sucks . i havent thrown up all day but my body is hateing me for all the puking last night . and no i wasnt drinking 
Good weekend , and now only a three day week . cool . 
i have activated the quantum flux capasitor ive been workingon to accelerate time in hopes that 2 pm will get here faster . it isnt working 
When a 1 year old doesn't want to sleep , the parents don't get to sleep either . i wish I could have been Calim last night and actually slept through Xander screaming all night . * yawn * Fuck I'm tired . 
So some how I need to work all week , do two final papers , another smaller paper , participate in discussion boards , take care of my kids while jenn is at work , and some how I need to sleep during all this . Maybe ... I might just wait and sleep on saturday . 
so the best catcher the dodgers have had since < PROPFIRST > Piazza has been traded to the Yankees . RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > you will be missed . 
So my first two classes are under wraps , I got an A and a B . new year coming new 2 classes . lets get this shit going . 
i wanna say < PROPFEMALE > cristmas to everyone . dont get offended if u dont celebrate it . just wish me a happy whatever and we are good . 
I need to play DnD . im jonesin like a mutha fuka 
So today is not starting off well . I was late to work for the second day , in my rush I locked my wife in the room and she had to take apart the door knob to get to the kids , and it is so slow at work that they are offereing early outs that i can't take because I can't afford to miss out on 5 hours . I can't take this shit into 2011 , tonight has got to be better . 
so its snowing in vegas . not much but still cool 
I want to rush for 1,000 or 1,500 yards , whichever comes first . \ 
— New Orleans Saints running back < PROPFIRST > ROGERS , expressing a < PROPFEMALE > 
Osama bin Laden is either alive and well or alive and not too well or not alive . \ 
— Defense Secretary < PROPFIRST > RUMSFELD ; beats us 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
So I lost 7 lbs with my first week of tring . Now for the next goal . Under 300 in two weeks 
First post from my new internet ready TV . 
