Living and loving my husband and life ! 

Listening to the rain and thankful for my life . 
late night , doctor appointment in the morning to get test results ... 
Found a pair of baby socks that have CARTER\S imprinted on them .... it sure would be nice to see my grandson or even hear how he is doing ! " 
is amazed anyone would think they can be anything less than completely honest with me and not get caught . Even if I don't call you on it , rest assured - I know 
There is an ancient , time-tested and time-proven < PROPMALE > for success in life . It is the Bible , and we can advance our lives in ways that are pleasing to God and prosperous to ourselves by following the teaching of this Book — just as others have done who have gone before us . \ 
Why not give it a shot and see what happens ? 
We went to a funeral today for a 4 month old baby . It was sad and sure made me think how much I miss being able to see my grandson ... 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes and the beautiful memories we've all had together ... hopefully a whole lot more ! 
God helps those who want His help , need His help , and ask for His help . But , being responsible , He expects us to take the help He provides and become the best we can be in whatever it is we are doing . Knowing at all times , and in all things , that all the < PROPFEMALE > belongs to Him . \ 
Need some help today ? Ask God .... and just watch what happens ! 
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn’t have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven . \ 
~ G.C. Lichtenberg 
The one thing that Christ asks of any of us is that we should follow Him . Whether we can walk , or need to be carried ; whether life is young within us , or waning , let us follow Him , love Him , obey Him , and He will turn back our backslidings , and never mention them again . 
When God wants to make us larger than we have settled for being , what do you suppose He does ? He introduces distress into our comfortable lives , and thereby invites us to ascend to a larger place . 
I'M A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women Won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you !!!! 
Please pray for the children and families that are being withheld from each others company because of the selfishness of those who claim to be adults . 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this ... I do and did 
We need transformation and not condemnation . 
Happy Birthday to my sister < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thanks to all the Veterans ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my family , friends , and those of you I've never met .... and a special shout out to my grandson , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Flowers ! 
What are you prepared to do today to become the answer to the prayers you have been praying ? 
It is one thing to love the ways of the Lord when all is fair , and quite another to cleave to them under all discouragements and difficulties . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPMALE > !!! We love you !!! 
Prayer : Dear Lord , help the parents who withhold their children from the other parent to learn to love like you and open their hearts and minds to your understanding . 
Thank you Lord for my life , the lessons I've learned , my family , friends , and your son Jesus above all !!! 
What you put your effort and time into shows who you are now ... is there anything you want to change ? Then read God's word and pray and do your part for the changes to begin . 
To my my handsome husband , beautiful daughters and my handsome sons , and grandchild ... hope the new year brings you every thing you wish for , happy new year and no matter what ever happens in 2011 , my love for you will never end 
Lord move in a way , that I've never seen before cause there's a mountain in the way and a lock on the door ... 
The problem with \helping yourself\ " and asking God for a little assistance is that you're the one still calling the shots — keeping all your options open . Few things are more insulting to God than for a man to come before Him while holding onto other options .... just in case the \ " God thing\ " doesn't work out . " 
Do not ask the Lord to guide your foot steps if you are not willing to move your own feet . 
