Last status update ..... OF THE DECADE 

This has been an epic Sunday evening 
went to the beach for the first time this summer , it's been a very , very long time 
oh my god , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > has epic knees . The fact that he's from San < PROPMALE > made that match so much sweeter 
What is this , Celebrity death week ? Seriously , this is getting ridiculous ... and creepy 
Going to Oakbridge for 5 days of awesome . Goodbye everybody . 
great to be back home . I am feeling absolute bonafide fantasmo at the moment . ( Brats & Fries ) 
Sushi time . pure excellence . 
7 days of lost canyon . 7 days of sweetness . 
Lost Canyon was soooo legit ..... good times . 
Woke up too late and missed church . :( 
reeallly boring day :( 
almost misplaced a $20 < PROPMALE > . that would have been frustrating .... 
watchmen directors cut :) woot 
Kanye west has proclaimed himself to be the new \king of pop\ " . lol " 
goodnight 
Chargers practice was fun . They could of warned us that their would only be 2 consession stands open in the entire stadium , however : l 
beach soon 
charger's fanfest .... so pumped 
destroyed the raiders and the ravens in madden , now going to grill up some steaks . epic evening . 
going to the gym is the highlight of my day . That says a lot . :/ 
woke up too early this morining . 
I think we may just have the worst offensive line in the NFL . There's absolutely no excuse for the way those guys are playing . 
just read the worlds longest joke . that thing was pure genius . 
bed early . I DO NOT want to be tired and grumpy tomorrow morning 
it seems like < PROPMALE > always gives exactly 10 more problems than i feel like doing . 
chargers are unstoppable right now 
Chula vista just layed the smackdown on < PROPFEMALE > 
My lunch : Big < PROPFIRST > ( better than I expected ) criss-cut fries , Bawls Energy drink and 3 dounut holes from RB donuts . The result ? Pure , 100% Certified Awesome 
Hey , look at my new haircut 
Freaking Aztecs ..... 
I am an artist ; the grill is my canvas , the spatula is my brush , and the delicious , tender T-Bone stakes are my magnum opus . 
taligate + game 
USC DOMINATION 
Oh god SDSU won also .... i am in football heaven right now . only thing that could make this better is a Chargers win on monday .... 
BROOMBALL IN 25 MINUTES WOOO 
< PROPFIRST > Cutler lol 
Chargers need to settle down and focus . 
Anybody notice how that one intern from the office looks exactly like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? anywho .... can't wait for the weekend . 
Oakbridge for the weekend ...... so pumped ! 
So I get home from oakbridge , take a nap , then wake up 3 hours later and find out that the chargers lost . What a day . 
I cant stand it when facebook suggests you a friend and you can't tell if you know them or not because their profile picture obscures their face :( 
tried to teach my mom how to play Beatles : Rock Band .... unsucsessful 
I was trying to think of a catchy pun to describe the way that the chargers are going to beat the doliphins ...... but then I remembered that puns are a blight upon the english language and just decided to post this . 
Goodness gracious chargers . We have a 92 million dollar quarterback , PROTECT HIM 
Chargers Win + Steelers loss = I'm pumped for next week 
bad news : waking up at 5:30 tommorow . Good news : It'll totally be worth it . Brace yourself oak valley 
younglife wooooo 
I was gonna go to bed , but then I saw that Forgetting < PROPFEMALE > Marshal was on and now I feel obligated to finish it . 
THE WEDDING IS NOW 
younglife ! 
cant wait for the weekend 
work crew ...... heck yesss 
just saw Where the Wild things are . My verdict : Don't listen to the people who say it sucks , go see it for yourself and be your own judge . I loved it , but I'll admit it's not for everybody , and it definitely isn't a kids movie . 
younglife time 
communitty , office , then 30 rock . dear god NBC is awesome 
costume night . heck yes . 
I missed community because my computer told me it was 7:45 . Fassive Mailure 
just carved a pumpkin , currently roasting the seeds/watching Bram Stroker's Dracular . < PROPFIRST > oldman is awesome and halloween is great . 
< PROPFIRST > Merriman .... my goodness . 
time for the LGOTY ( last grill of the year ) 
Just got back from the SDSU/TCU game . Very depressing . 
Watching Back to the Future . I wonder , If I fall on my head and render myself unconcious , will I wake up and discover the secret to time travel ? I hope so ..... 
giants WOULD try to fake it , what a bunch of punks . 
Tolbert doing the stanky leg just made my day . 
Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status ... 
I feel like a hermit . 
Going to Seau's for the game ..... I haven't been there since I was 3 , so I'm pretty pumped . 
Seaus ' : By far the best substitute for going to the actuall game . That place was awesome , and that game was AMAZING . 
Mom's Birthday today . Helping her with everything . I don't want her to do any work today . Nothing . 
Tommorow morning ; lots of cleaning , a gynormus turkey , and a Godfather marathon . It's gonna be amazing . 
just finnished sautee'ing the gizzards . Unfortunately I am unable to add them into the stuffing because my brother is grossed out by them . In truth , gizzards are fat , meaty goodness that add a lot of flavor . They honestly arent gross at all . BTW , I can't beleive I just wrote a paragraph about turkey gizzards . Wow . HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY 
literally just realized that school is tomorrow . 
just saw the trailer for iron man 2 .... this could be the greatest movie ever . 
< PROPMALE > Potter just arrived in the mail .... gonna watch that , and then it's off to utah 
goodbye san < PROPMALE > . see u on the 23'rd 
exhausted , but can't sleep . shnap 
If you think about the fact that we are in the last few days of the decade , it makes everything you do seem EPIC 
Me : \Hey 
happy for the saints .... but still , it should have been the bolts :( 
Canada : < PROPFEMALE>'s hat . 
epic flag football game . Today has been quality 
To everyone currently on Facebook : Happy Single Valentines Day . Ya know , girlfriends are pretty overrated , from what I've heard . 
Just finished season 3 of lost in less than 2 days . I have no life . 
Jumped in the pool with my phone still in my pocket . FML 
I freaking love san < PROPMALE > 
Finally , I have a computer that can use a mouse . Also , windows vista is pretty sweet 
........ I don't know what to ........ I just ....... < PROPFEMALE > ...... ugh ... 
Dude ..... Alfani 
Community ....... lul 
< PROPFEMALE > I shrunk the kids is on right now . It's been probably 8 years since the last time I saw it , but I still remember almost every line . Sad , I know . 
Off to Fuddruckers with my bro , then gonna see Crazy Heart . Should be excellent . 
these last three days have been quite epic ..... tommorow looks sweet as well . But first , I sleep . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is now on the broncos ....... my life no longer has a meaning 
I am officially now caught up with Lost . I'm so happy that I don't have to worry about spoilers anymore . 
My dad is watching ET . Not the movie , the show about celebrity gossip . what is this madness 
Best day ever . 
I am now friends with < PROPMALE > Drodry . Waiting for my stock to plummet ..... 
Hot Tub Time Machine : Epic 
Clash of the Titans should have been a musical . Just sayin . 
Upon seeing an Under Armor commercial , I yell \WE MUST PROTECT THIS HOUSE\ " at my dog . He continues to stare at me for another 30 seconds . Greatest moment of my life . " 
Whoa wait , chargers traided for 12'th ? and they picked < PROPFIRST > Matthews ? That's what I get for doing my homework during the draft . I missed it :( Solid pick though . I wanted gerhart , but Matthews is awesome . 
Just won a film competition . ARE YOU KIDDING ME . Thanks to the whole group . TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA FILMERS , ASSEMBLE ! HIYA ! 
Wow , tbs WOULD make a sitcom based on \Are we there yet ? \ " . Honestly how is that even going to work " 
I have a strong taste of onion in my mouth . This may or may not relate to the fact that I took a large bite out of one about an hour ago . 
Wait , you MEAN THAT THEY AREN'T MAKING AN ANCHORMAN 2 ? PARAMOUNT TURNED IT DOWN ? What is this madness ? I wanted to see < PROPMALE > Burgundy with a mullet ! 
mayweather vs mosley tonight . very excited 
is a very happy camper 
I can't listen to podcasts . I'm just incapable of doing all that listening while trying to do other things . Very annoying . 
I hate it when sports games milk all they can out of the last few seconds . Anyway's , Iron man 2 was framazing . 
Writting under pressure . Lets see how fast I can write an A-grade essay . 
Completely forgot my tea was sitting right next to me , and now it's cold . FAIL 
I just ordered a burrito while wearing pajamas . I think this situation calls for a HUZZAH 
Wow , I never thought that the story of < PROPFIRST > Hood could be turned into a metaphor for the Tea Party movement . That was .... interesting 
I don't want to do homework right now . Somebody distract me with something . I have ADD so it should be really easy . 
I'm going to post my earthquake status quickly before the rush 
Watching The Empire Strikes Back . 30'th anniversery today ! 
Just watched the community finale . DID THAT SERIOUSLY JUST HAPPEN 
Dang , FRS is the greatest energy drink I've ever had . And I kind of feel like I have a moral obligation to make sure everybody knows about it . Go and buys some NAO . This is not a paid advertisment , this is just me expressing brand loyalty . IT HAS ANTIOXIDANTS ! 
So I just spent 6 hours at school on a DAY OFF . Epic fail 
\LIKE\ " this status and I will send you a wall post saying something I like about you . Set this as your status if you are brave ! " 
well this stinks 
tommorow is last Wednesday of the year - OH SHNAPS ( not a reference to the alchoholic beverage , just me saying ' oh snap ' in a strange way ) 
Just chipped my tooth . It's really , really < PROPFEMALE > and is barely noticeable but still kind of annoying . 
I just realized that tommorow I'm basically going to school to do 4 hours of nothing . lolwut 
Wait , the school year is over ? I was not aware . wtf 
So it's my last night at home for almost a month , and my mom is making Brinner . This is full of win . 
Well , I guess this is goodbye . For now , at least . See everybody in when i get back ! Or tommorow morning if you're going to camp . \ 
lates 
Soooooooooo happy to be back ! Work Crew was absolutely framazing , but It feels so nice to be in RB right now . Also , my brother turns 24 today ! \ 
\ 
PS : I'm currently eating pop rocks for the first time since i was 12 , and my mouth hurts . 
Camp reuinion in about an hour , cant wait to see all my RB peeps again 
Just got done seeing Toy Story 3 with my mom . Many sweet tears of nostalgia were wept . 
I've had a serious case of ADHD since i got home . I'm getting bored waaaay too easily 
haircut , then beachin it up 
The beard ..... it's gone :( 
All day beach/Bonfire tommorow ! If any of you are down for bringing food or drinks , let me know , we are in need of some stuff :) 
about to get 5 hours of sleep 
I know I'm a little late to the party , but ....... Inception was more than just a movie , it was a triumph of the artistry of filmmaking . Best movie of the year by far . 
Blue Sky Reserve was epic 
Cabin reunion . Way Sick 
ZOMBIE WALK 
My brother just landed a really , really sweet job . He's been working hard to get this for a long time , and I'm extremely proud of him . 
Just watched a 5-minute long trailer for THOOOOOOOOOOR ! \ 
pretty awesome stuff , I must say 
Eating fried pickles for the first time : LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE 
Chargers Training camp ! Gonna get my first glimpse of Matthews in action ..... so pumped 
So yeah , there's this new super-powerful handheld laser called the Spyder 3 Arctic . It looks like a lightsaber . I want it . 
Six Flags . Indeed . 
Late night Roscoes . Quality 
Universal ! I am incredibly happy right now . 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you\ 
probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on \ 
your status for at least an hour ? 
< PROPFIRST > pilgrim ! 
I don't want to go to bed . I think i'm just gonna crash on the couch 
Just got done riding around Westwood with my dog riding shotgun while listening to Heartless . One of those moments where you just can't help but enjoy the heck out of life :) 
\So .... you learned how to dance sarcastically ? \"" 
First campaigners of the year . Oh snap . 
It should be illegal for pencil companies to sell pencils that aren't pre sharpened . 
End of summer dinner at Chick Fil A . Quality 
It just dawned on me how hilariously unprepared I am for tomorrow . This is going to be great . 
Life is too negative . Like this status and I'll give you a genuine compliment . 
If boredom was an arcade game , I'd be entering my initials in the high score screen right about now . 
angry that I won't be able to tailgate ........ :( 
off to red lobster for my Grandparents 64'th anniversary ! 
Labor Day Grilling + V Tech vs Biose State = Awesome 
Dressed to Kill ? \ 
More like Dressed to DOMINATE THE EPICENTER ! 
The new episode of Bronco TV is up on Digital Media's facebook < PROPFEMALE > now , in case you missed it ! 
YoungLife , Charger Game .......... life is good 
disappointed . very , very disapointed 
can somebody say BEST STUDENT SECTION EVER ? 
BOARDWALK EMPIRE 
Oakbridge weekends are the best weekends 
Early Season Chargers = I can't handle this stress any more 
After that epic HSS ( Haricut , Shower , Shave ) I am officially out of Oakbridge weekend mode and ready for the new week ! I say bring it 
So i heard about this \young life\ " thing going on tonight . thought i'd try it out . might be cool . " 
flickr 
At aproximately 8:03 tonight , I will cease to be < PROPFIRST > Cooley , and will from then on be known only as < PROPMALE > \Uncle\ " Miscione AKA DJ Rock . \ 
Younglife was awesome , can't wait for BREAKFAST CLUB tomorrow morning ! 
So I just met my first Cousin ( once removed ) . His name's < PROPFIRST > , he's less than a year old and he likes buttons . This kid is awesome . 
It befuddles me that a team with the #1 offense in the league can go for 506 yards ( with a quarterback that went for a ridiculous 431 yards ) can lose a game because of crummy special teams mistakes made early in the 1st quarter . \ 
Why do you have to torture us like this , Chargers . 
RBYL 
So yeah , my car almost spun out of control on the freeway because it was so waterlogged , no big 
It's just me , a cup of coffee , 41 AP Gov test corrections , and 2 math assignments . \ 
Lets do this 
First day at Chaparral ESS . \ 
It's me vs . 47 2'nd graders . WHO WILL WIN ? 
This is it . The Final Homecoming . \ 
BRING IT 
Is this some kind of sick joke ? 
My Brother : \I think health insurance companies are gonna start raising insurance premiums for Charger fans \"" 
Campaigners tonight . HUZZAH ! 
FEAR FACTOR CLUB 
I saw a sweet things cup on the ground as I was driving home . \ 
freakin younglife kids 
Video chatting with 13 other people at http://tinychat.com/agbq9 
Tinychat ...... what just happened 
R\ 
B\ 
H\ 
S\ 
RBHS FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT 
AAAAHHAHHAHHAHA YES I LOVE YOU AZTECS !!!! good god this is awesome 
campaigners tonight ! 5:45 at 4s panera as always 
KARAOKE !!! 
I wanna see everybody wearing their HOGWARTS ROBES tomorrow !! 
EXPELLIARAMUS !!!! 
Is it strange that , after seeing my first professional soccer game , I keep hearing the theme music from The Big Green playing in my head ? 
Scavenger hunt groups- room for one more ? 
Had kind of a depressingly boring day , but hey , I've got a Monday Night Football game to attend tomorrow , so I'm not exactly complaining , haha 
Charger game was sweet 
Kids\ 
with special needs aren't sick , gross or stupid , & their handicap \ 
is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and \ 
loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it\ 
as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and \ 
this is in honor of ALL children w ... ho were born in a unique and loving way .. God Bless 
I'm trying to think of a clever pun to describe my disappointment in Faster , but nothing springs to mind . 
Shot a hockey tournament , got payed , went directly to the mall and finished all my Christmas shopping . Heck yes . 
LETS GO RB 
time to watch some grapplin ' 
Watching Elf with Mom & Dad . Gotta love Christmas traditions 
Whoa , just added a bunch of people that I just kind of assumed were already on my friends list . Thanks \people you may know \"" 
Everybody's gettin hax'd 
WHY IS THE SOUND OF THE WASHING MACHINE SO HORRIFYING LATE AT NIGHT WHEN THE LIGHTS ARE OFF 
Can't wait to get decked out in red and green for Younglife tonight !!!!! 
Little C's pizza in the back of Kyles truck , good stuff . \ 
Now its time for WOOOORRRRRRKKKKKK !!!!! 
So i heard through the grapevine that YOUNGLIFE IS TONIGHT !!!!!! \ 
\ 
UGLY SWEATER NIGHT ? WHHAAAAAT ? 
YL RIDE UTAH 2010 NO REGRETS 
Ride Utah - quite epic 
Listening to the Three Tenors and making lasagna for tomorrow's dinner . \ 
Christmas rules . 
Got a new Xbox for Christmas ......... \ 
Video games = in \ 
my life = out 
There's something about watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars on a sick day that just feels right . 
Me and my brother just spent 15 minutes trying to disprove the \6 degrees of < PROPFIRST > Bacon\ " theory . \ 
This monday night ...... it feels so empty 
well , SOMEBODY * cough , CK , cough * didn't wanna see tron tonight , so I guess Im just gonna have to watch some clone wars and call it a night 
Little Italy with the parents . Nice day ! 
B-ball student section :\ 
The ( very ) few , \ 
The proud , \ 
... \ 
The CHOE-SEN ONES 
I just math'd . Hard . 
Apparently little kids think I look like < PROPMALE > Rogen ....... 
It's Official : My brother is no longer a resident of the Cooley house . \ 
wat 
2 minutes into sales , and the website to buy Comicon tickets already locked down because of too many people . \ 
goodness 
good day watchin the superbowl with the ( temporarily whole ) family ! 
Tryin out my new incense I got from the swap meet . Smells \deece \"" 
Not watching the Grammy's . \ 
Why ? Because I just saw The Fighter , and it was AWESOME 
love it when facebook makes me realize I have no life 
Who needs a girlfriend ( or boyfriend , for you ladies out there ) on valentines day when I'm going up to < PROPFIRST > with the family !!! 
< PROPFIRST > sandler movies are such a guilty pleasure . 
can't wait for MUSTACHE CLUB tonight ........ 
Well , I'll be up in Oakbridge this weekend but while I'm gone , good luck to the RB soccer team , the Dance comp team , and the Flint Michigan Trooooopiiiiiiiiccsss !!!! 
just checked my temperature , 101.9 . \ 
I guess that makes me hot and dangerous 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday !!! And yes , I did read each one ! 
campaigners , heck yes 
cant wait to watch some high quality LAX tonight 
Wait , so who's going to the disneyland trip ? Wanna know If anybody's going before I just fork over 85 bucks , haha 
All the State haters , be silent . Aztecs had a better season than most teams could even dream of . 
making CD's for my car . currently on my 3rd revision of the \chill\ " cd " 
48 HOUR FILM COMP SCREENING !! Wish us luck .... 
We just got robbed by Poway . 
Youtube 1911 is the best thing ever 
Greys Anatomy is using what sounds like a glee cover of How to save a life as background music . face/palm 
First grill of the year .... and maybe my best steaks ever ? \ 
we'll see in a moment 
Gotta love having a red box less than a minute from my house 
