is thinking and curions ... AND IT'S ALL HIS FAULT !!! 

hahaha ... you're funny ... NOT !!! 
is feeling better about things now ... but still stressed ' cuz now i NEED to find a job ASAP !!! 
is in undeniable thought 
hmm ... 
is sitting here wondering ... 
is sitting here wanting memories to teach me to see the beauty in the world through my own eyes ... 
is totally rethinking the whole moving situation . It's so gonna be hard for Bailee to adjust to , me as well ... 
what happens when an event that should be good , becomes the beacon of a terrible feeling ? it's the begining of regret and animousity ... 
Laie point ... way way way out there ... 
Laie ?! I'll see ya on Sunday ... i guess ... 
thinks that her b/f ( though he may be one of the biggest f@%king idiots in the world ) is in need of a definete ass kicking ... any thoughts ? 
curiousity killed the cat ... but I still have 6 lives left ... 
still wants to party ... 
it's been 32 hrs and i miss him alot ... i wonder if he misses me too ?! 
this storm better hit and only last for 3-4 days or else i'mma be pissed ... 
can't wait til Thursday !!! 
goddammit !!! can't go home tonight now can i ?!?! hopefully tomorrow i guess ... fuck ... 
has noticed that she is gaining weight in certain areas , is now self conscious , and beyond confused as to what to think or do ... 
just wonders about alot .... 
HELP ! I NEED ADVICE ! 
is dazed and confused ... about the week that is ahead ... 
how can i feel so happy , when i'm attending something so sad . 
found an all new addiction ... 
is reminesing about the past and the way things used to be ... 
over her sleeping child and is too wired to sleep . damnit ! 
needs to find a job asap so that we can get back on our feet ... 
is bored outta my mind ... 
Happy New Year guys !!! 
and he says i shud e happy he let me slepe ... lol . RIGHT !!! 
blah ... 
wants to go out sooo bad !!! 
my god , u drive me crazy ! lol ! 
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE !!! even though it's raining and stuff , I guess indoor Easter egg hunting is always just as fun ... 
Just 8 more days and my baby'll be known as the big girl !!! Lol ... :( 
Is waiting for her guy to come home ... 
Just 5 more days !!! 
omg ... only 3 more days and im still trying to find more things to buy my Bailee ... 
has never been < PROPFEMALE > depressed in my life ... 
2 more days ! 
Tomorrow's the big day !!! 
For now she's still 1 yr . in my eyes , but as soon as it hits 9:50 pm , I will be forced to come to terms with the fact that she my BIG girl :( 
wants to buy a fishie for my toddler ... 
Just noticed that 420 is in two days ! Dammit < PROPMALE > ! Of all days u work late that day ! :'( 
Goodnight and hope u had a great day all u < PROPMALE > burners !!! 
My life is erking . I feel lik im missing out on everything ! 
Hmm ... Nxt weeks plans : possible eye dr , dental and general dr appt for da baby . Shopping for and wedding attendance on Saturday . < PROPFEMALE > stressn bout Saturday wear since the color is pink . 8p 
I feel sick !!! 
Hope all goes well with this new job and career move ! Really need it to work out for me ! 
IDK if this is gonna work out . Maybe we should reexamine the situation . 
debating whether or not i should go to ala moana or stay home ... 
yay ! he's coming home today . 
Really wanted to take Bai to thw aquarium , but I guess we should help fix the house instead . 
I wish today started better , now my whole day is gonna be shit . \ 
\ 
P.S. happy freaken anniversary ! Ugh ... 
Hmm ... 
3 months and 15 days ... I cannot wait anymore !!! 
Heh . Tomorrow an adventure . Today was a journey . 
Yesterday was a journey . Today is the present . Tomorrow is an adventure . 
Watching other babies is cool , but yet so < PROPFEMALE > . I wanna have another orgy < PROPFEMALE > baby ! 2 would be better ! =] 
Watching 4 month old babies is cool , but yet so < PROPFEMALE > . It's totally making me want another itty itty baby again . 2 would be way better though . ¦) 
WTF ?! When the hell did it become okay for you to throw your cry baby tantrum at me all the freaking time ?! Heh . I effin think so ... 
today was awesome !!! Lanikai best was great fun !!! 
I am fricken beyond bored right now ! 
I want to cruise with my high sku friends < PROPFEMALE > bad !!! 
SUMMER'S IN ! TIME TO SWIM ! WE GO BEACH ! 
I have alot of things to look forward too . School . Getting a job . Hopefully things'll get better for me . 
tomorrow's gonna be hard , but this week is < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Father's Day guys !!! 
is missing her babies !!! :'( 
today was the most shittiest day of my life ... missing dem real bad ... now more then ever ... 
is happy that I get to see bai today n tomorrow . :) 
is trippin ' , freaked , other stuff as well as extremely happy and sad to see and continuously kiss my babies hello and goodbye ... 
for once , everything in my life feels like nothing but bullshit , but I can't do anythong about it . 
Today was good . I'm happy that i had fun . 
Is okay ... 
new goals and outlooks on life . hopefully i can keep up . 
going back to the corner , where I first saw you , gonna camp in my sleeping bag , I'm not gonna move ... 
Is missing her family on Molokai . Haven't seem them for a long time . 
Waiting for the bus sucks sometimes . I'm so tired . I < PROPFEMALE > go home ! 
i never knew i could possibly look < PROPFEMALE > tired before . I HAVE LIK BAGS UNDER MY EYES !!! yikes ... 
such a nice day to not be able to go to the beach ... 
wednesday ... glad to see that half the week practically flew out the window ... =( booo !!! 
i wish my hair was longer . i wish i had my license . i wish ... i guess it's time to make my wishes come true right ?! but what if the walls are too thick , and the bricks won't break ?! 
is < PROPFEMALE > bored !!! gosh !!! last week was more entertaining than this ... 
sometimes i wonder why ... then i remember ... 
my baby is sick and sleeping . i hope everything gets better tomorrow . =( 
=| 
Its a beautiful day ! 
is tripping out on how a life can be taken fast and with no warning at all . 
orientation next thursday and I am looking forward to it !!! 
M&M Pretzel is kickass !!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > not looking forward to thursday !!! 
i need another job !!! 
today wasn't bad . work went well . still gotta find another job however . 
Work's not bad . Started pretty great . Closing today n feeling like walkin home . Hope no one thinks i'm crazy for wanting to . Haha ! 
WHAT A TRIP !!! 
dude ! i guess i gotta find somewhere else to go now ! goddammit ! and i was really hoping ... =( 
awesome ... yet , not so much ... 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > girl at < PROPFEMALE > city obon . 
really doesn't know what to say right now . 
get one meeaann headache . 
err ... 
wishes it was christmas time already so I can buy/give bai her present already !!! 
is hoping that something will come up Saturday night so i won't have to stay home alone ... 
hates working ... needs a new job ... fulltime preferably ... 
had tons of fun today !!! 
was having such a great day and then ... got some terrible news ... 
straight trippin ... 
boring day at work ... wasn't that bad however ... 
two weeks !!! 
exactly two more weeks to go . totally depressed about this weekend and hoping that it goes well . new job on it's way to beginning and hoping that all of this is well worth it . 
is ready is ready for tomorrow ! hope it's not too hectic ! lol ... 
Hate being broke . Did well the first week . Not so well this week . Ugh ! Guess my bday will have to wait a while . 
is hoping that what she's getting now , she can give back in full ... =) trust me . it's not bad ... 
busy , busy , busy !!! 
ahh ! the stresses of life and all that accompanies it ... 
3 days ... it's gonna suck ... 
2 days ... 
HAPPY BURFFDAY TO ME !!! lol =) 
spankz for the bday wishes . preciate it . lol . 
boredom , brokedom and sicky poo ... 
is sad that her baby is so sick . 
hand , mouth and foot disease . don't mess with it ! 
misses those nights we shared in Laie no more than a year ago ... 
wants to go out ... and not out of the house .... out 
wants to go out ... and not out of the house ... OUT WITH MY FRIENDS !!! 
hmm . think , think , thunk . now what do i do ... 
has been up since 4 : something and is bored as heck , as well as curious what today will bring ... 
is so effn tired !!! feeling a need to be ... and yet , not to be ... hehe ... don't get ?! i get it ... 
remember those times when sweetness still existed without any costs ? where did they go ? i miss them . 
long ago , and oh so far away , I fell in love with you , before the second show , your guitar , it sounds so sweet and clear , but you're not really there , it's just the radio ... stuck in my head ... superstar by sonic youth ... =) 
is experiencing double standards at the moment . Try contacting at a later date . Thank you . 
is in an ' ugh ' mood at the moment . Can you make me smile ? 
had a weird weekend . Friday is a mystery . Saturday sucked . Sunday was okay , but seriously could've been better ... ' tever ... 
blah ... i wonder how tomorrow is going to go ... good i hope !!! 
wants to crash out like < PROPFEMALE > bad ... 
laters pplzzz !!! 
dear apple of my eye , \ 
\I'll love you for always 
is wondering and hoping tomorrow is going to go okay . 
omg . my life sucks ass dude !!! 
loves watching Jerseylicious and how stupid < PROPFEMALE > is ... hahahahaha ... 
is contemplating how work will be going tonight ... 
\HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABES !!! \"" 
had a not too bad weekend ... 
although it has been a while , and s#@ ! may hit the fan , it's nice to know that somethings haven't changed much . =) 
wants to < PROPFIRST > on such a nice night like tonight ... 
has one of the worst headaches ever !!! 
is really tired auredi . 
the story of halloween on the history channel was pretty mean ... 
loves the rain , but hates that it keeps you in ... =[ 
wants to cut her hair today and is going to do so . hope my idea cut doesn't turn out looking so weird ... ^_^ 
Can't cut my hair til Monday . Damnit !!! 
wants a midori sour and a long island iced tea just cuz they taste sooo good !!! \ 
P.s. I hate my stupid hair !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!! 
i have a feeling that today is going to be a long one ... =( 
wonders what tomorrow will bring ... =) 
\I'll watch the night turn light blue 
had alot of much needed fun today , and now i must be off to sleep , for i must wake early for work in the AM . lol ! 
works in 6-7 hours and still can't sleep . dammit !!! 
had fun last night . But it sucks that I lost my wallet and all of my stuffs ... 
wants to eat < PROPFEMALE > hing < PROPFEMALE > POWDER !!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING YO !!! 
wishes she had more time before christmas ... 
5 hours til work and i can't stand it . i'm home alone . help me !!! 
is now irritated as f *** . ugh ! 
wants it to be Christmas already . i have so much to look forward too . 
and so , i am left to question ... 
yesterday's events : work , two movies , cruising the mall , dinner . Long , but fun nonetheless . today : wash clothes and work . I wonder what will happen tonight ?! 
She makes me smile . She knows how to make me happy . She's the reason why my world turns , but tonight , not even she can make mommy smile and continue . Idk . 
Finally has something great to look forward to . Monday ! =D 
PLEASE Change your DEFAULT FACEBOOK PICTURE to a CARTOON from your CHILDHOOD .. TheGOAL is to not see a HUMAN face on facebook until MONDAY the 6th ofDECEMBER . SO PLEASE JOIN THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE and do the SAME !!!! 
WHAT DO I DO ?! I LOST MY PHONE ! IN MY HOUSE ! WTH ?! 
IT'S JUST NOT MY MONTH !!! First , I had an ID THEFT scare and NOW MY PHONE IS LOST AND/OR BROKEN !!! WTF ?!?!?! 
phew ! found my phone . WHERE WAS IT ? in BAILEE'S STOCKING !!! \ 
this morning's convo :\ 
me : bailee , did you see mommy's phone ?! \ 
bailee : yes\ 
me : do you know where it is ? \ 
bailee : yeah . \ 
me : can you help me find it ? \ 
bailee : no . \ 
WTF ?!?! 
' s morning really sucked . Started work at 7am . Baby made me feel bad because I had to go to work and she didn't want me to go , or stop crying for that matter . UGH !!! I'm sad ... 
off today ... YAY !!! 
<3 the movie \Tangled \"!!!" 
thermo stat is at 69 degrees ! OMG ! 
WHO'S OPENING WITH ME TOMORROW ?!?! 
today was ... not bad . wonder how tomorrow will be ... 
today was ok . baby has to go doctor in the morning . wonder how it'll go ... wonder what he'll say ... 
wants to know who < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is ... 
Even though the weather looks like shit , I'm still gonna go out and have some fun . 
Hates the thought process and all that accompanies it . 
Wants to do her nails but is more then willing to wait til tomorrow ... 
I mean next week . 
The past 3 years went by so fast . This year wasn't exactly the best , hopefully next year will be way way way better . 
Is hanging out at home with 2 hyper babies , 3 crazy kids and 1 boring teenager . Lol ! 
Is irritated !!! 
Wonders why i always get the junky stuff while others get the great stuff . Sometimes i wish i could trade my life with another , just not the people in it . 
Wonders what next year is gonna be like . 
is unBELIEVABLY AGGRAVATED !!! it may sound childish , but this is completely unfair ... 
is unBELIEVABLY AGGRAVATED !!! F*$% !!! \ 
... oh and btw , i need another job and to go back to school . how am i going to be able to do this and still have time for my daughter ?! 
... Take a look out ur window and take a lookk at howthe green grass grows , i can feel it on the inside , and i give thanks and praises to be alive .. 
Had much fun hamging with my family today . 
GOOD MORNING FB !!! 
As u can probly already tell , i had a very good morning . 
I wanna eat ice cream . Oodles and oodles of ice cream !!! :) 
HAPPY V-DAY PEOPLE !!! 
beach was awesome last night . never been so warm at the beach at night in a really long time ... =) 
somethings wrong with my tablet !!! dammit !!! 
was completely disappointed with how today turned out ... but what can i do about it now that it's already been done ... 
can't sleep and i work soon . wtf ?! 
Likes ice cream floats !!! 
Needs to establish herself 
Sometimes i wonder if i fly away , once i'm gone , if i'd ever come back . Right now . I think i'd stay away for a while , just so i could miss it . 
The feelings of my past have finally caught up to me . Nrow i feel the weight of my burdens and i wish i could just fall . 
Is pleased to welcome little man Massimiliano to the family :) 
I cannot believe that it's only one day til my beautiful babygirl turns a whole year older ! I'm so excited ! 
Happy birthday Bailee < PROPFEMALE > !!! We gonna have a great baby !!! Have < PROPFEMALE > much planned for you and everything . :) I'm so excited ! LOVE YOU BABY !!! 
really needs to get my shit straight . Career and everything . Strive for better . Way better . 
Fmfl ... 
Loves my friends and enjoys my job , but something's gotta give ... 
My stomach is sooo sore . OMG !!! 
C < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! We gots power . Think I'll turn the lights back off so i can pretend again ... 
Omg . I'm so irritated . First of all , if ya gon work at a dental office , make sure ya no ya dates . Secondly , if her insurance < PROPMALE > cover it den please < PROPMALE > call me 3-5 times telln me the same thing continuously . Thank you ... \ 
P.s. HAPPY BIRTHDAY PEPE !!! I WUV YOU !!! 
Can't wait to sign my baby up for summer swimming classes :) 
Has no idea of what I'm doing . 
Fact or fiction , fact or fiction : reality ? Is it a mind state or a state of mind ? A belief or overall truth and if so how is it possible that anyone can know ? Are we living or just existing in a preprogramed universe ? If so , who can you trust ? Can you even trust yourself ? 
today was a good day ... 
has some thinking to do . i wanna help , but getting upset won't help much now will it . 
is off today and happy about it !!! shoulda went out or did something last night ... 
WTF is a \pineapple nigger \"?" 
baby's sicky !!! 
sometimes waiting for him to come home from work SUCKS BALLS BIG TIME ... LMFAO =D 
my baby has a bacterial infection ... =( 
my daughter is sicky . gotta work tomorrow . called off yesterday . hopefully all goes well and she feels significantly better soon . 
needs to get another job ... and bad ... 
OMG !!! 
If i cud be sick instead of u bai i swear i wud . Hurry up dr n make my baby feel better pls . 
Dear Kawasaki's Disease , \ 
How dare you claim my daughter's health ! Be gone ! You ARE NOT wanted here ! \ 
Bailee's Mommy 
Omg . Don't think we gonna be going home today . Baby got sick again . 
Tomorrow's the day , doctor says . 
is Home ! =) 
is watching SURROGATES with the \dude\ " while my \ " angel\ " sleeps . :] " 
OMG ! I kinda hope I get it and yet , I kinda hope I don't ... What to do ?! 
hmm ... what to say ?!? 
Flash Flood Warning til 9:30 pm . Sounds fun ... 
gosh , you're complicated ... 
wants to go back to school .. 
crossing my fingers that it all works out ... 
Saturday ?! SHOOTZ !!! 
is worried about alot of things right now . 
is disgusted . Why is it that everytime I try to gain 1 , I lose 3 ? 
is kind of depressed . stupid music . bringing me down down down ... 
is shufflin ' . hahaha ! 
ughh ... 
you make me wanna say la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la . 
Zephy Kalua gave ME the letter , \P\ " . Hahahaha ! \ 
everyday I see my dream , ev ' everyday I see my dream ... 
SOAFB ! OMG ! TOTALLY NOT !!! 
is weighing the pros and cons of the guard ... 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU DADDY'S OUT THERE !!! 
blah !!! I love the fact that I have 2 jobs , but I'm getting pretty disappointed that I can't spent to much time w/my \LiTtLe OnE\ " . :( " 
overnighter tomorrow night ! looking forward to it ! 
not bad the overnighter . i'm so tired tho . 
The highlight of my night :\ 
Aunty : Who you talking to ? \ 
Baby : My boy\ 
Aunty : You have a boy ? \ 
Baby : Yes . He love me . \ 
Aunty : Oh yeah ?! \ 
Baby : My mommy going kick his butt ! \ 
LMFAO !!! 
what to do ?!?!?! 
is trying to figure out how to enroll my bay in preschool and which school to choose ... 
ok so night #1 without paci wasn't so great . day #2 was a little easier , but I'm wondering how tonight will go ? good i hope . geesh , gettng her off the bottle wasn't this hard . 
so much stress sometimes ... 
Shoot ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > IN THE HOUSE !!! 
Argh ... 
No work today ! but i work tomorrow ... =( 
It's official . signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv . Facebook will start charging this summer . If you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you . Please pass this message if not your acount will be deleted . p.s , this is serious the icone turns blue , So please put this as your status 
wtf ?! why do i keep waking up at 6:30 am ?!?!?! 
HAS NOTHING BUT DISNEY TUNES STUCK IN MY HEAD !!! 
Had a blast last night , but today was junk ... 
haha ! phone is busted ! 
Off tomorrow Wats good tonight ? 
Phone is up and working now ... STILL MISSING < PROPFIRST > THO SO GET AT ME PEEPS !!! 
i can feel it ... the anxiety is just creeping up on me ... 
thought tomorrow was gonna be fun ... not to sure now ... 
& hearts ; 
& hearts ; you grams ... 
All of this stress is just F#%*ing killing me ... UGH !!! 
School starts so early now . Wow . What happened to going back to school in the middle or ending of August like I remember ?! 
Hate being so damn tired all the time . My sleeping schedules been thrown off big time for the past ask man . This sucks . 
Is finally watching < PROPFEMALE > ka'iulani . 
Don't wanna go work . I wanna stay home and sleep . Ugh ... Gotta do what ya gotta do tho right ?! 
Worked til 2am this morning . Slept @ 330am . Woke up @ 930 . And just about ready to do it all over again , but @ a different location . C < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Last night turned out to be a good night ;) 
Don't wanna go shopping !!! 
Cools ... We is going out tonight !!! 
The change-up was a pretty good movie . Not bad at all !!! 
Had fun ... ;) 
Is missing the bailee ... :'( 
is eating herself a big box meal !!! =) 
... I think next time I'm gonna take off instead of keep working ... 
JERSEY SHORE !!! 
Hooters for dinner !!!!! Ahh yeah 
C < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 60 day review = PASS !!! 
first work , followed by a < PROPFIRST > sesh with the fam , leading up to the most \blah\ " day ever that hopefully can only get better ... lost of expectations ... not all good ... " 
just doesn't know what to do . she's been on about this for a while already and it just isn't getting better . how do i make her listen ? how do i make her undertsand ? i'm just hoping that she'll get better when she starts school or when we go back to being how it was before . =( 
is loving him :) ... cuz he makes me wanna float away ... and in his & hearts ; is where I'll always stay :) 
Just got home from ridge n already stressn out ... Aiyah !!! 
gotta walk to work in this rain ?! FML !!! lol ... 
Double Deuces !!! 
Had a blast last night ! Thanks for coming out guys ! :] \ 
P.S. Thanks for the birthday wishes peoples ! 
is bored !!! 
grrr . what's the point of having a phone when you can hardly hear out of the ear piece . \ 
FYI : don't let your kid play with your phone at any age . 
Brah ! Today : Can you say BEEEEAAAAAAACCCHHH !!! [ ?? -_tb ] 
Is feeling super f#@&ING shitty now and Idk Wat to do about it . 
mid shift today , then tomorrow and saturday off ... sounds like a plan !!! 
Hope today turns out to be good . I really need to make up for working so much the past week . 
had alot of fun today . Started off kinds sketchy ... but it ended on a very good note :) 
VILLAS !!! 
is not having a good day . yesterday was pretty awesome , but today , my baby is showing signs of sun stroke and now she has nausea . aww man !!! 
and back to work again !!! 
i don't wanna go to work today ... i'm tired ... :( 
it's almost 3am and i feel like such a little kid watching the anime shows that i used to watch as a kid cause they're all playing on adultswim right now ... \ 
ps . ghost in a shell , full metal alchemist , inuyasha ... awesome line-up !!! 
today = happy ! 
can's hardly wait . this weekend is promising to be pretty BOSS !!! 
day off ! kinda didn't want it to make the remainder of the week easier , but ... heh it's cool !!! 
my phone works now !!! 
this morning ... she FINALLY WENT TOILET ... but she still wants to wear diaper ... ughhh !!! 
UGH !!! FOOD POISONING SUCKS !!! 
Breaking < PROPFEMALE > Pt . 1 with my babes because he is awesome ... 
Is having a really hard time getting in touch with her family . It kinda pissed me off that out of all the people I could get in touch with , the three people I can't get in touch with are supposed to always be there when I need them . What kind of parents are you ?! Gosh !!! 
