Happy new years everyone !!!! \ 
2011 here I come !!!!! 

Goin to bed gdnight fb happy new year hope everyone made it home safe and if ur not home yet be careful on your way home too many crazies out there lol ..... Sweet dreams 
my son army crawls all over the place . and the other one talks way too much . i love it tho glad im a momma . 
Just got hired to work for the us cencus . Cant wait . Good paying goverment job . Finally will be able to buy my kids wat they really nd and not have to worry they dnt have enough . Yay me ! Moving foward ! 
Im like a jet airplane way too high to hear u throwing salt on my name . 
Shorty imma tell u once u da illest imma die hard for u like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > u got spark u got spunk u got suttin all da gurls want u like a < PROPFEMALE > store got all the goods 
Jus got my wisdom teeth taken out im in SOOOO much pain ! 
still tender and sore . tired . didn't get a good sleep and to add on to it ha d to get the kids up and early to put em on the bus to school . yawn tired . 
Why am i up so early ! First my son throws up on himself then he parades around cryin for a half hour and can u believe now hes sleep and i cant go back to sleep . Why ?!! 
Tired .... Thoughts racin .... Wtf is wrong wit me ?.... Im losin my mind .... Tryna get ova it .... 
having a crazy day 
is having my own amnesty day !!!! ask me wateva and I will not lie no matter wat the question is or if it'll hurt ur feelings ! so with that said ask at own risk ! 
Up early . Tired and bored . Deceiding wat to do today . One of my kids nds to go to the doctors and da other is going to daycare . 
Happy 420 all u hippies ! 
tired 
is going to see nightmare on elm street tonight ! im sooooo iffy such a punk when I comes dowm to scary movies 
so champion charter is having a reunion aint that sum shit who's dwn im going interesting to see what everyones been up to . 
Im a shootin < PROPFEMALE > but my feet still on the ground and im hea to shut u down 
having a bad fucking day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not in the mood for nobody !!!!! fuck u kiss my ass and go to hell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy mothers day to all the mommas ! Todays our day ! 
Had a good mothers day got to spend it with my two mama boys the loves of my life javari and jayden . Being a mom is the best job in the world the best experience in the world wouldnt change it for nuttin in the world . 
Tryna make this dough makin sum hours driving around knockin at peoples door its crazy but i gotta stack this dough and get my babies wat they need cuz im all they got 
Had to cut that bitch like nino 
Im so fucking bored its unbelievable wat to do wat to do !! 
I start < PROPMALE > tech june 15 for medical assistant bout time im doing wat needs to be done 
havin a bad morning woke up to my nieghbor in my house screaming that my kids were in the hallway when they were supposed to be sleeping smh wtf i hate feeling like a bad mom 
just finished enjoying the rain im soaked !!!!! Finally some release !! 
had a intresting day today . couldnt describe it words so ill just say ..... WOW 
cant make it to my sis bday party 
had the best time in ne yprk it wasnt the city but it was still the shit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Had a fun timed at my nieces bday even tho it was cold as hell outside !!!! Brrrrr !!!! Now im a lil aggy havin a stupid ass auguement with my mother like always you try to let it go and it keeps going wtf smh why !!!!! 
Having a bad day 
Im tired , bored and hoping to call it a night soon 
i look like yes andd u look like no 
kid free for the week what the hell am i gonna do !!!!!! Sumone hit me up with sum plans lol 
Dont want to go to school today been just feeling down and unmotivated i know i need to figure out my life right now and school is not gonna help me i want it but the time just isnt right i need a job not suttin thatll give me a job in a year by then it could be too late who knows just a thought 
you are the father lol !!!!!! 
like my status ill inbox u a confession lol copying sumone elses status 
had a bad fucking day but had a decent nite 
Wide awake by the time i go bed my kids will be up 
Tommorow is my son jaydens bday hes gonna be one i cant believe it lol and he still aint walkin yet lmao 
YAYYYY TODAY IS MY SON JAYDEN'S BDAY HE IS OFFICIALLY ONE !!!! WHO KNEW TIME FLIES BY SO FAST !!! THEN I HAVE JAVARI TURNING TWO AUGUST FIRST !!! DAMN IMMA HAVE MY HANDS FULL LOL 
Thanks everyone who wished my son many birthday wishes !!! Thanks for the love he had a great birthday 
Damn just woke up the kids missed the bus and itss too late to drop em off !! Fuck !!!! So much for going back to sleep !! Im tired as a muthafucka and my stomach is hurting me i think imma throw up !! Why smh fml !!! 
So tired of the bullshit in my life i just want to run away 
Had to cancel my sons party hoping to throw it next month with my nieces party lets see how it works out cuz my kids deserve it 
I will never understand how a muthafucka can put themselves in bizness that dnt affect them mind urs and let me mind mine bitchez 
Still up ..... Bored as hell .... Im tired but cant fall asleep have too much on my mind ...... Why wont it just go all away ??? 
Today is my son Javari's birthday he's two years old !!!!!!!!!!! Yay the terrible twos not looking foward to that !!!! He already thinks hes grown lol !!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAVARI !!!!! 
does it matter what i do as long as my kids are fed clothed bathed it shouldnt matter right ? 
if only women could jump on themsleves and have a baby so we wouldnt have to deal with deadbeats , losers , and dumb ass men . Glad to be a single mom ! Shoutout to alll the single moms out there doing what needs to be done 
Anybody tryna buy sum full breed boxer pups they come with papers their first shots and tails and ears clipped 650 each 
Bout to close my facebook tired of FAKE ass niggas and DUMB ass bitches so imma just disappear and have muthafuckas kiss my ass !! I JUST REALLY HOPE THAT U MISS ME WHEN IM GONE ! IM NEVVER COMING BACK 
Went to the gym today and did sum zumba that shit is a hot mess lol i made my race look bad llol nuttin but salsa and merengue lmfao 
Im so tired of people claiming to have my back and do favors for me then < PROPFEMALE > it comes down to the nitty gritty u wanna play hide and seek tired of the bullshit this is why i dnt do chancces 
Awww man im so tired .... Put the kids to bed now bored out my mind ... Cant sleep sumone talk to me til i knockout 
So my son javari comes home today and sits at the table saying hes hungry so i give him sum chicken nuggets and he says \mmm i like chicken\ " lol hes only two smh " 
The nerve of sum people ..... 
So ... I wanna cut my hair really short but dont trust myself to do it ... Anybody kno how to cut hair really good .... For free or cheap 
Wishin i can get all my questions answered so i can move on and forgive annd forget 
WAVEEEEYYYYYY 
Watcing my kids play monkey see monkey do and laughing how the change roles between the leader and the follower ..... Waiting for the bd to come so we can take the kids to the park ... Hopefully he dnt take long .... Kids are getting restless 
I bet the neighbors kno my name .... Lol i love that song 
Anybody wanna buy a rock band two set for 120 comes with the game drums guitar and a mic 
I GOT A JOB !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY ME !!!!!!! 
can sumone please bring me a cig im at home 
Cant believe i got a job !!! lol its a good feeling now i dont have to depend on other people to help me out !! im still tryna sell my rockband set for xbox360 !!! 
Im desperatte anyone wanna buy a rock band two set for xbox360 !!!! 
tired ... Standing on ur feet for a long period of time is no joke .... But all in all gotta get this money ...... * deep sigh * goodnight fb friends ...... 
U can shoot me now but i wont down u can shoot me down but i wont fall downnnn lol im b ored my remix to nas's u can hate me now 
Pride and love is like oil and water they dont mix 
My birthday is next thursday !!!!!! Ill finally be 21 !!!! Whoooooooo cant wait !!!!! 
Ugh cant sleep .... Jus finished playin sum rockband and now im bout to eat and see if i can knock out ... text me if u got the number gdnight everyone else 
Sumtimes i wish we can go back to the old days when ur first love remained ur first love or when ur first time remained ur only time .... Damn the past makes u think alot wish the past could just dissapear 
My birthday is in 5 more days yay finally gonna be 21 countin the days ahh cant come any sooner even more proud to be a mama to two baby boys they are my life 
Treat a man like a dog and hell stay if u let him treat a man with dignity and respect and hell walk right over u to get to the woman who treats him like shit shit doesnt jus happen bullshit makes shit happen and nice women finish right along with nice guys last too ba the good ones dont pair up before they get bitter 
Birthday is in 3 more days cant wait ! 
My bday is in two days i cant wait and my brothers bday is tommorow he'll be 26 and i'll be 21 yah baby its funny being a day apart from my brother 
Today is my brothers birthday !!! happy birthday to my big brother i love u and im proud of u !!! Tommorow is my birthday !!! I cannot wait to be 21 ... ahh feels like it took forever to get here !! Im glad i made it , thanx to both my babies !! i love my family !! 
Jus got off work my feet are killing me def in need for a foot rub whos tryna give me one lol anyway my bday is tommorow and no work so whoever wanna chillor take me out call me lemme know 
It is officially nov 4th but im still not twenty one til i fall asleep and wake up but feel free to show sum birthday love anyway im going to bed goodnight fb 
OFFICIALLY 21 YAY ME !!!!!!! PROUD I MADE IT THIS FAR WIT MY TWO LIL BOYS BY MY SIDE !!! THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO HAS SHOWED ME LOVE SO FAR !! MUAAH XOXOXOXO 
Still enjoying my birtday nightwit my roadies moode , blu , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > fell asleep but she still had fun with me too love my real friends also im WAVEEYYYY 
Hungover .... day two of my birthday weekend was crazy !!!! got tonite off then work tommorow so im partying til then lol hmu wit sum plans 
Life can only be understood backwards but must be lived foward 
Might be getting my first tattoo tonite im nervous as all hell hope i dnt back out ull know once u see the pic 
Got itt 
Feel like joining my fb friends ask me a question in my inbox and ill answer it on my status 
Your jus a bad guy who wont settle down with a good girl and im the bad girl who wont settle down with a good guy ...... Random thoughtzzzz ...... So bored sumone hit me up .... 
any one still doing the q and a's im bored 
come support my big bro mos blunted at the black friday 90's party at 283 north < PROPMALE > street here in brockton it starts at 7:30 pm 18+ to get in and of course 21+ to drink and its only 5 dollars to get in .... Its worth it my brothers a beast its also like a club so u can dance to other music in between performances please go !!!!!! Lol oh and its this friday november 26th 
come check out my bros show 283 north quoncy street at the v .. f.w. going on right now no performances have hapoened yet so if ur lucky u might catch one come on five dollars to get in 18+ 
Never ever ever EVER be friends on facebook with sumone ur dealing with !!!! Ugh smh somethings are jus better left unknown but its funny how true colors come to show ..... Hmmm damn gdnight fb think imma jus finally go to bed ...... Too much on my mind ...... 
Is feeling heartbroken and wanna shut down 
Ugh wat a mornin already 
SINGLE ! 
Rain rain go away thats wat all my haters say 
\Fear knocked at the door . Faith answered . Nothing was there . Face your fears ; otherwise they will < PROPMALE > you around\ " real talk first quote of the day " 
Whea did all the real men go ? The ones that hold a woman down no mattter how many responsibilities they have and all the drama they have ? I nd a man like that 
Remy and red bull tonite then get blunted wit the roadies 
Bout to hop in this game i c everyone doin inbox me a number 1-800 and ill post a memory of us wit that number on my status 
Inbox me any number 0-infinity any number at all and ill repost it wit how i feel about u 
#69 whea do i kno u from 
#143 i think that u are very beautiful ur daughter is beautiful i wish we woulda talked more in school u seem very chill 
#150 i think that ur cool as hell its been years since weve been in the same room 
#26 i wish u woulda stayed my brothers gurl lol 
#999 I think ur a hot mess lmao jk i think u need to come over here and let me take care of u lol 
#333 Its been years since ive seen u we go way back to elementary school wish we woulda stayed in contact wit each other 
#23 i miss u to fuckin death i miss the time spent between us its bn years i still love u ur always gonna be my bestie 
Keep the < PROPFIRST > comin this is getting tto be fun 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > send em send em send em 
787 get a life lol jus saw u earlier and now ur botherin me lol 
keep the < PROPFIRST > coming nutttin else to do 
30 Ur mad chill even tho i dnt have many memories with u 
23 ur my homegurl 4 life i love u 2 death dnt b a stranger 
111770 Ur like my second mom i may not agree wit half the stuff u have to say but i love u and my sisters all in the same way 
Im startin a new game cuz the number game got old how bout ive never ill post suttin if u never like it then repost wit suttin see how many people u compare wit 
Ive never had a threesum 
Gdnight fb 
Ive never driven drunk 
If u could have ur way wit me for 24 hours wat would we do doesnt have to sexual at all ! Inbox ur answers and it will be jus between me and u then repost and see how many people want their way wit u 
71 i do got a thing for u u a gd dude who i started diggin awhile back so now we can test the waters and c wea it goes hopefully itll lead sumwhea 
King23 even after all these years i think about u all the time and wish things woulda ended up differently between us we woulda been married by now lol wit kids 
10.03.10 Dat date dont mean nuttin for us lol but u cool as hell u got ur days were u get on my nerves but other than we cool peoples 
Chylen wit dis chiick who drives me insane but she always gonna be around she knos it too sory to whoever her boo is cuz she wit me now lol 
Goin to bed aggy and lonely funny how quick the mood can change goin to bed where i can escape gdnight fb friends 
Bored as hell sumone please have a convo wit me 
Have u < PROPFEMALE > thought so much that it made ur heart race to the point wea it wants to jump out ur chest & u want to cry for no reason ? feelin lost and confused 
So my one year old is pulling dow my sports bra so when ii ask him wat hes lookin for he says \titties\ " lol and hes only one " 
Who knew pajamas were still a fashion statement lol smh 
Havin a bad day my son broke the battery on my phone so now i have no phone and then had to walk to my moms house in the rain bcz i had nobody to give me a ride im so frustrated and aggravted jus feel like breakin down 
Looks like imma be out of a phone for awhile I need a new battery sumone help me ! 
2010 is almost over hope 2011 is my year 
2010 is almost over ! Trying to get over this year and look foward to the new year ! With that said getting rid of anything held back over the year . Inbox only ask me a question and i will answer it i will do this til the clock strikes midnight January 1st 2011 !!!!! You can ask as many questions as u want i will answer them 100 percent honest dont ask if ur not ready for the answer 
Got a battery for my phone now happy as fuck hit me up 
Good morning fb not feeling good at all and had a crazy ass dream that i cant seem to figure out wat it means but i know there was good luck in the craziest part of my dream ugh bad night bad morning ugh smh sumone come take care of me 
Happy < PROPFIRST > lol love ya big bro gdnight 
YELLOW 
Today im red/pink 
I cant believe how long ive been wachin maury .... i miss < PROPMALE > lake , < PROPFEMALE > jones , when the fights on < PROPFIRST > springer looked real smh watchin tv bored hmu 
Whos tryna be stuck wit me during this snow storm hmu : ) 
2010 is almost over ...... If your real enough inbox me something uve been wanting to tell me all year ....... Itll stay between me and u 
Four 17\ rims and tires for sale ask for my number ill send u a pic " 
Aggy need more sleep but my kids wont let me lol thats bein a mom or else id let them run around me and sleep hoping to do sum laundry today 
Silence scares me ... It gives me too much time to think ....... --- 
Life is all about ass ... you're either covering it , laughing it off , kicking it , kissing it , busting it , trying to get a piece of it or behaving like one ...... Anonymous 
It's funny . In school you're taught a lesson , then givin a test . But in life , you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson ..... --- 
I want to look back and be able to smile at my past And know that i did all the wrong things for all the right reasons ...... Indigo < PROPMALE > 
People are made to be loved and things are made to be used ... The confusion in this world is that people are being used and things are being loved ...... --- 
There's going to come a point where you have to give up your whole life for one thing ... or give up that one thing for a whole other life ...... --- 
Behind every beautiful thing , there is some kind of pain ..... --- 
You cannot protect two things at the same time .. If you don't make a decision , you will lose both ....... --- 
We all have our own book of life . We're just trying to find someone who can read it and understand it . Or better yet , help us finish writing it . ..... --- 
Everyone is in love with the impossible ; the impossible gives you neverending dreams and neverending hopes . ..... Philippos 
The less you talk the more people think about your words ..... Thought Provoker 
If you are depressed , you are living in the past . If you are anxious , you are living in the future . If you are at peace , you are living in the present . ..... --- 
If you look inside a girls heart , you'd see how much she really cries , you'll find hidden secrets , best friends and lies , but what you'll see the most is how hard it is to stay strong when nothing is right and everythings wrong ..... --- 
Life is not like a pencil , if you make a mistake , it can't be erased . Life is more like a pen , you can use white out to cover it up , but you'll always be reminded of the spot where you made a mistake ..... --- 
i'm a liar because I don't tell you everything ....... --- 
Goin to bed gdnight fb 
Currently watchin 20/20 this shits crazy 
Sprite and < PROPFEMALE > 
What color best describes you ? -- My Result : Red . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/423774/referrals/status?aid=503423625 
Chilled wit my baby justice last night missin my stubby so much cant wait for her to come back !! 
So fuckin aggy right now !!!!! Someone please please come and shoot me in my fuckin head cuz my head is about to fuckin explode !!!!! Worst fuckin day ever !!!!!! 
Wishin i was home right now . ... tired and fed up . ... someone please come and save me ..... woke up aggy and losing my mind 
Sitting here with tha stubby and our babies watching cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs until we all knockout i love my new extended family we the shit lol 
Gd morning fb jus made sum breakfast for the kiddies and stubby now cleanin and taking care of stubby she's not feelin so good 
Feeling ... ( sigh ) i don't kno how to feel ... i hate feeling like this ... gdnite fb 
Can't sleep ... too much on my mind ... i jus wanna go to bed ... ( sigh ) 
gdnite fb feelin a lot better than last nite finally seeing things for wat it really is smh going to bed wit a semi smile on my face watchin a movie wit my luv 
Someone text me I'm bored as hell and my luv is gettin on my nerves lol 
Gettin my tat redone comin out crispy look for pics soon 
My back hurts like hell lol but my tat came ot nice 
Jus found out my titi from my stepfathers side is dying and my uncles wife died can't believe this man smh i can't fuckin believe this 
Aggravated beyond the < PROPMALE > I'm so mad i jus wanna fuckin cry 
Has anyone seen < PROPFIRST > blart mall cop ? Does anyone kno the song he got wasted to ? 
People always say they want a new life or they want to start over . Well the truth is you get that < PROPMALE > everyday but choose not to change it ...... --- 
Music was her life & the lyrics were her story ..... --- 
Isnt it ironic , we ignore those who adore us , adore those who ignore us , hurt those who love us , and love those who hurt us ?..... --- 
Some days you just have to let the tears fall . Whether for joy or sorrow . They do not mean you're weak . They mean you're strong enough to let go of pain , or literally flowing over with happiness . ..... 
Don't let your past ruin your present . It is not worth for your future . ..... 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . ..... --- 
Happy valentines day fb ! Hopin to spend the day wit my stubby and do suttin nice jus need a babysitter any volunteers lol enjoy y'all valentines fb 
Spending my v-day wit the sis and the kiddies .... smh valentines day is jus another day ... 
Why are mothers so aggravating ??? I really hope I'm not that bad < PROPFEMALE > my kids get older 
Jus put sum videos of my kids dancing if u need a good laugh check it out and like it 
ugh why am i awake right now .... and to add on to it fell asleeo doin laundry and now I'm back to it 
Check out the new photos they funny as hell 
Had a fucked up dream ..... now can't sleep at all smh bakin til all my kids wake up got a full house today ... gd morning fb here starts my day .... 
If something's broke , fix it . If you don't know how , learn . If you're not willing to learn , don't complain about it . If it can't be fixed , then accept it , and move on . ..... --- 
If you listen to your fears , you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been . ..... < PROPMALE > Kanadi 
Who's selling a ps3 ?? Need one for cheap 
Willing to buy it TONITE 
Had a bad intresting night but now my morning is going a lot better .... 1-21-11 the day ill never forget that's the day i met my stubby 
Are soulmates real ? Could u meet sumone now and everyday feel like < PROPFEMALE > vu ? #jus askin 
How can a baby who can barely talk \baby talk\ " ? My son does it really well lol it makes me wonder how many people still talk to him like a baby and he's 2 ! " 
Can't sleep got alot on my mind 
Ahh feeling so relaxed jus left the spa with the stubby it was soooooo worth the money .... kid free too ahh today is my day !!! 
jus got a new tat !!! Ur gonna lose ya mind people .... pics comin soon 
People make good choices and some people make bad choices either way all choices are made and there's no turning back it takes more to fix it then to break it 
Always remember that in LIFE , whatever we do , we are never defeated unless we give-up ..... 
Don't know how to feel today .... hopefully the day will get better before i lose my mind 
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day . 
All of the clocks in the movie \Pulp Fiction\ " are stuck on 4:20 . " 
On average , 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily . 
In the mood to get sum stuff off my chest ..... hmu inbox only 
In psychology , a believer is someone who accepts something before checking it out scientifically whereas the skeptic is someone who does not accept something until it has been verified scientifically . Most psychologists are skeptics . 
In mild retardation , IQs range from 50 to 70 . 
Each year , there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States . 
Smelling bananas and/or green apples ( smelling , not eating ) can help you lose weight ! 
Someone on Earth reports seeing a UFO every three minutes . 
If president obama announced tommorow that there was officially nomore < PROPMALE > how would u react and wat would u do ?? 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH enough said 
My two year old jus beat up my girlfriend fuckin funny as hell 
Up wit my baby jayden ... javari and justice are still sleep especially the battle them two had last nite 
did u know 99% of people cannot lick their elbow . are u the 1% that can ? 
Feeling misunderstood ... feeling like my fuckin emotions don't matter .... your right i give up .... letting life take its corse 
how can a good day turn into a bad nite ?? Gn fb 
Dear Haters , I couldn't help but notice that awesome ends with\me\ " and ugly starts with \ " u\ " :) " 
haters will broadcast your failure , but whisper your success . 
You know my name , not my story . You've heard what I've done , not what I've been through . So stop judging me . 
Sometimes you have to run away so you can see who will run after you . Sometimes you have to speak softer , just to see who ? s actually listening . Sometimes you have to take a step back , to see who's still standing by your side .? http://pi.pe/-zzld96 
ever have one of those days where your middle finger answers E V E R Y T H I N G ? 
If Your In Love ? \ 
like my status ! \ 
I Wanna See How Many Love Birds On Here <3 
don't fear the enemy that attacks you , but the false friend that hugs you 
dear lord , \ 
I just want to say thank you for loving me when I felt that nobody else did . thank you for being the friend that NEVER let me down . I know I don't deserve it but lord I know your love is unconditional . thank you . amen 
problem with half you females is that you don't know your role . stop trying to be more than you are . quit trying to play WIfEyy role .... when your just an extra . SMH don't get beside ya`self child , cause that's when ya heart get broke . <3 
- Dear Disney Channel , not all of your actors need a fucking singing career . smdh 
Love is as much of an object as an obsession , everybody wants it , everybody seeks it , but few ever achieve it , those who do will < PROPFEMALE > it , be lost in it , and among all , never ... never forget it . 
To let go isn't to forget , not think about , or ignore . It doesn't leave feelings of anger , jealousy , or regret . Letting go isn't winning , & it isn't losing . It's not about pride , & it's not about how you appear , & it's not obsessing ? http://pi.pe/-qs6fsn 
When you fall into a pit , you either die or get out . 
People's natures are alike , it is their habits that < PROPFEMALE > them far apart . 
