home ... really tired 

im chillin like a villin at sarahs house !! :DD tacos ! :D 
im so tired latley , and just feel ... alone . sarahs in < PROPMALE > and i cant really go anywhere till next wendsday so now fall break is just lame as hell . all i have till saturday is me and my music . 
the drummer from A7X died monday so today i wear black . you will be missed 
ill only be 64 ? 
just got home . i let the dogs go outside for a minute and forgot they were out there so when i went to the front door < PROPFEMALE > was running laps all the way around my house she did it for like 10 minutes it was hilariose 
new pics comment ? 
\Is it my turn to die ? My heart is pounding as I say goodbyeSo now I dance in the flamesI love you crying and screaming my name\ " - BFMV " 
got the new BFMV album on my ipod its so awesome 
do ne with hixson middle school finally , its about fuckin time 
EVERYONE JOIN MY NEW GROUP ! 
HAPPY 9 MONTHS < PROPFEMALE > !!! ( i know im a few days off ) 
everyone is going to florida !!! 
new picture .... comment ? 
happy fathers day asshole 
soooo in love ... had the best night of the life ! i couldnt be happier right now 
pissed off , is there no way i can catch a break for anything ever ? 
in panama , just got back from the beach ! im trying to tan believe it or not 
shes only been gone one day , and it feels like an eternity . 
high school soon ! im really excited . 
You have to be patient in life . Time is the only thing from getting to our goals faster . 
i found out my homeroom teacher goes to my church 
back massages are better when they are from the one you love 
my phone has been dead all day , and i like it :) 
i made a new bio , check it out its sick as hell ! no joke its genius if you dont look at it your unamerican 
WHO WANTS TO GO SEE VAMPIRES SUCK ??? a better question is who the hell doesnt ?! 
have you ever had one of those HOLY SHIT moments ? try dropping a pepsi cap the rolling it down your arm , and catching it between your index and middle fingers . thats like matrix shit 
we are building up a new world\ 
do not sit idly by\ 
do not remain neutral\ 
do not rely on this broadcast alone\ 
we are only as strong as our signal\ 
there is a war going on for your mind\ 
if you are thinking you are winning\ 
resistance is victory\ 
defeat is impossible\ 
reach within you and find the means by which to gain your freedom\ 
fight with tools\ 
your fate and that of everyone you know depends on it 
the baby is here , soooo now im an uncle ..... Uncle < PROPFIRST > , its got a ring to it huh ? 
For24\ 
hours , you can ask me ONE question ( only in my inbox ) I will answer it \ 
no matter what , you have my full honesty . I dare you to put this as your\ 
status and see what people ask you :) it sounds fun so jus copy and \ 
paste ! 
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays i thought everyone forgot haha 
thought halo reach came out tonight ... so my brother went over to gamestop at midnight hahahahahahaha 
i feel so sick now . but to go back would be pointless 
you will never truely know someone , until you break up with them . 
i fail at everything i do , not because im unlucky or unqualified but because have this nack for fucking up 
broke my phone last night :( if you try and text me i cant see it so just send me a message on here and ill check it more often 
I got the cocaine on me , every time i sell its like it turns into gold ! i got the cocaine on me , every time i hit the streets the hos want cocaine from me ! - my parody to i got the magic in me 
a rap song is kinda like porn , it starts off good , has some grunts and mumbles and words you dont even understand , and ends in a bust haha 
i think shadow boxing is the dumbest workout ever , it just looks stupid . its like masturbating in a way haha you know because you are all by yourself when you could be with a partner ? also i want to run up onto the < PROPFEMALE>'s secret fashion show stage ! not because of the girls but because it would be the fuckin hilarious if you were like \I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHO COMES OUT NEXT\ " and i walk out " 
you always have to be different . Thats your main problem . you think all of these things are wrong with you but in reality you are to wrapped up in being different . Normal has been completely erased from your vocabulary . if the normal thing is being alive youd rather be dead . \I've got so many problems ! My life is hell ! my life is so fucked up ! \ " try telling that to a cancer patient who has two months to live . " 
i got my permit finally 
watchin < PROPMALE > while < PROPFEMALE > does some stuff 
why are people talking about < PROPFIRST > ? is there something im missing ? #099 ....................................................... he wont stop looking at me :O 
cooking up some pancakes :D 
gonna go to the mall and chill with < PROPFIRST > mcclam 
moving day is not so fun . iv been up since like .... fuck it , awhile . iv been moving all this damn furniture and goin back and forth . im soooo tired :/ 
moved into the new house finally , and cable and all that so im not bored out of my mind anymore 
i just relized something , im very anti-photo lol i havent taken a photo of myself or anything for that matter in a very long time . 
why do you put tape around a gerbal ? ( ask how and ill answer ) 
i think the word \dome\ " was accidently created by someone perv on the internet who was trying to say do me . " 
Say you want to stay , you want me to\ 
Say you'll never die , you'll always haunt me\ 
I want to know I belong to you\ 
Say you'll haunt me\ 
\ 
Together 
snowboarding in gatlinburg is the shit !!! i totally whipped everyones ass at doing it too 
hey , nothing can effect you unless you let it . Thats how i live my life . 
yo i just thought of a new saying \dont stick your hand in a dirty toilet and complain when your hand stinks\ " ok if you are smart enough to figure that out is it not fuckin true !? " 
So .. i think im gay 
why is it that everytime you see a video of someone recording themselves playing guitar they have this blank , dumb look on thier face while they play ? 
fuck my life dude damn ... i mean , what have i done to have everyone treat me like im some feelingless asshole ?......... oh yeah , haha thats how i act . like i said fuck my life :( 
love is like a cup of coffee . Its nice and warm the first few sips , but if you let it sit to long it becomes cold and leaves you with a bad after taste . - < PROPFIRST > Piercy 
they say when you close a door a new one opens right ? why is it that everytime i walk through a new door im met by a brick wall ? 
< PROPMALE > started crawling and now hes all over the place 
Yo < PROPFIRST > , stop leaving ur facebook < PROPFEMALE > up on my computer u homo ... 
