It still hurts , but not as much as it did yesterday . 

Drank far more last night than he should have . 
Cleaning and getting ready to go into work later . 
headed to work , text me if you wanna chat . 
About to finish cleaning at home and then run to Targer . woo ... 
Sleepy , ugh . No work tomorrow please . 
gave Syd her 2nd bath , she only freaked out a couple times . lol 
G'night all 
Tired , I need to get motiated and do stuff though . 
is about to make dinner . = ) 
I'm off for pride this weekend , anyone wanna do something ? 
thinks it's time for a movie and some triple brownie chocolate ice cream . = D 
really finds I-trains to be a disgustingly repetitive waste of time . 
G'night all , time for bed . 
is over it . 
G'night all . 
isn't sure what to do with the rest of his day . 
wants to hit something and really needs a hug 
chilling with a friend and headed out for a bit , text me . 
had a good day and is glad he ended up in the pride parade . 
Awake and debating what to do with the day . 
managed to procrastinate all day and accomplish almost nothing . YAY for single days off . 
is headed to bed , g'night all . 
Stress Level : Orange has now been reduced to Stress level Green = ) ( new tattoos coming soon ) 
is debating what to do with the rest of his day . 
up from a nap . I think it was definitely long overdue . lol 
Home from shopping , time to tidy . = ) 
is sleepy , gonna rinse the sweat off again and head to bed . = ) 
Home from work . 
Tattoos designed , scheduled and simply awaiting the inking in a couple weeks . = D 
YAY for thunderstorms 
Debating what to do first on my weekend , eat or sleep ! 
UGH Humidity is killing me 
Up and trying to get at ' em . lol 
latidatilatida ! 
Awake and trying to be focused and motivated today . 
home from lunch and a walk with friends , relaxing for a bit now . 
A couple drinks with friends and I'm giggly and cuddly . lol 
is ready for a nap . 
is done with online mod's ... kinda . * rolls eyes * 
just booked a flight for his vacation next month ! woot = D 
Home and cleaning , family will be here tomorrow . I hope everyone has a good holiday I'll talk with ya'll next week . 
' s family is almost here , and actually has the apartment up to a minimum par for them too . = P 
going to the zoo later . = D 
is home from the zoo with his family . I had a blast , pictures will be coming soon . 
Headed to bed , G'night all ! 
Making dinner with the family . Quesadillas . YUM ! 
Pictures of my family's visit so far posted . Dinner was nummy and getting ready for bed , we're headed out for Cedar Point early tomorrow . = D 
Off to Cedar Point . = D 
had a blast at Cedar Point , my favorite ride hands down is the Raptor , the one where your feet dangle . = ) 
' s family just left . Love ' em , but happy to have my space back . 
Headed to bed after a 4 day weekend , G'night all . 
Home from work and basically done with my online training . YAY 
is excited to get inked in an hour and a half . = D 
is mad cause he didn't get inked today , had to reschedule cause the artist cancelled . 
chilling at home 
about to run errands 
Home from errands , time to do a few things and veg before bed . 
New printer installed and ready to go , it even printed a picture of my mom . = D 
Riding your bike home in a cats and dogs rain storm is not necessarily an enjoyable thing to do . 
is figuring his plans out for the day , laundry looms rather large right now . 
vegging out at home 
Alorns can get into more trouble by accident than other people can on purpose -- always excepting the Arends , of course . 
Chilling after work 
Home from work and overjoyed that he doesn't work tomorrow . 
Chilling on his day off and excited for ink later today . = ) 
New ink !!!!!!! Pictures will be up as soon it dries and heals just a < PROPMALE > . Best day I've had in a long time . 
Pictures of my tattos posted , including my newest two from yesterday 
just finished applying for federal aid and to CSCC . Let's see if I can manage to handle classes and my job ! = P 
Headed out to dinner and drinks 
Home from a pleasant bike ride ; stopped in to harass my boss , got coffee , meandered and then relaxed with some green tea . = ) 
Home from a two and a half hour bike ride . = ) 
is gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > today ... ugh . 
is slightly baffled , but feels he has nothing to lose . 
Headed to bed , night all . 
rode home in the rain and only ended up moderatly wet . 
had been accepted to CSCC , now time to do a crunch on stuff and get registered . woot 
Face book games are addicting ... stay away .... Staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay awaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!! lol 
Home from work and relaxing 
Getting ready for work . ugh I can't wait for my vacation . lol 
Returned to his place of residence and pondering what to consume for sustenance and how to entertain himself for the evening while pontificating on this wonderful online community . 
Glad he is off tomorrow , though it's chock full of appointments and errands so might as well not be . lol 
Actually feels somewhat awake , but can't wait to get his coffee in a bit . lol 
Over the day . \\ 
Unexcited about the prospect of work for today and tomorrow , though the bit of sunshine for the ride to work is a blessing . 
Would anyone like duck for dinner ? I currently have one living beneath my windows and would love to have it disappear ! lol 
Hectic day at work , glad to be home and off for at least one . 
feels better after a bath and a cup of tea . 
Waking up and debating on what to do with my day off . 
Awake from an unintended nap . 
Going for a bike ride , text me if you need something . 
Home from his ride and feeling good . 
Found a note from band camp years ago with a girl's number . lol 
Unexcited by the prospects of the daily grind soon to come . 
Loathes being sick ... time for a bath , green tea and a bowl of chicken noodle soup . = ) 
had a good shower and is therefore skipping the bath in favor of some Simpson's epidsodes . 
Feels better , though it still feels like someone has implanted a kiwi in one side of my neck . 
made chili and is has fire from his mouth to his stomach now . lol 
is headed out for a bike ride after his wonderful experience with trying to swallow spice chili and coughing at the same time . Beans in the sinuses is not a fun thing ! 
Night all = ) 
Home from work early and headed for a nap . 
who wants to see my pictures from australia ? My mom had the cd of them that I'd made and since I now have that cd I once again have my pictures ! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Home from work and not sure what to do 
Mostly awake now 
Pictures from Australia are up now for those of you who actually wanted to see ... aka < PROPMALE > . lol 
Has been mostly awake since 4am and closes tonight . ugh 
apathetic after being to work early on short sleep . 
Relaxing and debating whether to sleep or not at the moment . 
Awake and starting to bust out some cleaning . 
is cancelling his internet , if you don't see me online as much you can always text or call . HUGS 
YAY for being online , was having some withdrawls . 
At the airport waiting to fly to ATL and then on to SAN . WOOT !!!! For anyone that doesn't know airline codes that's Atlanta and San < PROPMALE > . = P 
Now enroute to San < PROPMALE > on flight 611 and tickled pink with the ability to be online . 
is happily ensconced in < PROPMALE>'s apartment . 
Sore from starting his workout regimen , but content with how things are progressing . 
wishes that the rain would go away and play another day . 
is overjoyed at the decison he arrived at . = ) 
working on his resume . woot 
Getting ready to do some job searching ... ugh 
bingeing on facebook and the internet 
trying to catch up on 2 weeks of his paperwork that he's ignored since his bike was stolen and he decided to move . 
is actually caught up on paperwork ! woot 
is on his 2nd cup of coffee and almost feels awake after catching up on sleep last night . = ) 
intensely dislikes who waste my time and effort with useless scams that I'm not stupid enough to fall for . ugh ! 
Almost over being sick , ugh 
Ready for a nap ... kinda pretending the move isn't a week away right now , still seems like there's so much to do and I've been at it for 3 weeks now . 
YAY ! < PROPFEMALE > sours ... finally . Anyone wanna come help me return my apartment to it's original boring state ? 
4 days til the big move and still feel like there is so much to do ... ugh please shoot me now ... wait still have < PROPFEMALE > sours , let me finish those then put me outta my misery . lol = ) 
2nd to last shift at DD ... wow ! 
UGH ! sick and tired of inquiries about furniture that end up being cancelled last minute or lead nowhere . YAY for only one more shift at DD to go ! 
YAY Sold all 4 bookshelves , finally a serious person , inquired this morning and picked up this afternoon . Giving boss my desk and that is the end of furniture , just need to do some power painting tonight and then free to sleep . lol 
is finally to his mom's in Colorado , talk about a long trip and a sore butt ! Now I get a few days to relax and catch up . = ) 
I'm always giver , for once I wanna be the receiver . LMAO The things that come outta my sister's mouth ... that was dirty too ROFL 
Bored and in the mood to procrastinate . 
feels it may be time for a nap . 
really wishes he could get a good cup of coffee right now , but is settling for a variety of tea instead . 
has the car all loaded up and ready to go to San < PROPMALE > , someone make the snow go away now . 
Hopes to maybe get on the road tonight . * fingers crossed * 
debating on whether I should just wait the extra day or try and get outta here while the snow is kinda light . Input ? 
is waiting for the sun to come up so that he can hit the road . 
Happy to be in San < PROPMALE > ! 
Debating on what all he needs to accomplish today . 
is sleepy and cuddly today . Volunteers ? 
is in love with the climate here , 70's and < PROPFEMALE > all last week and for the upcoming week too . 
Saturday night and not sure what to do . * < PROPFEMALE > sigh * * runs down the al < PROPFEMALE > y screaming with underwear on head * 
Interview tomorrow ! woot woot 
got the job at Old Navy ! Starts at 9/hr with orientation 9am to 1pm tomorrow . Then it'll be time to get wild and loose at the housewarming party when I get home . = ) 
Home from orientation and ready for the party ! woot woot jello shots = D 
Headed to work , have a great day all ! 
works the early shift on Black Friday ... thank goodness ! 
About to get down to some cleaning and baking . = ) 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! 
LONG day at work !!! hope everyone had a great holiday . 
had finally found the f'ing DVR remote after searching for it for three weeks !!! agggghhhhh 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
YAY ! Finally got to baste something . ROFLMFAO 
is going to shamelessly promote the fact that it's his birthday today ! woot 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends 
has started back up on his huge puzzle . = ) 
Lots done on the puzzle and now time for bed ... for those of you already getting up = P I win ! 
< PROPFEMALE > brought a Wii for Christmas and it came a few days early . = ) 
relaxing at home , gifts are wrapped and Wii is almost functional . = D 
YAY for the puzzle , almost at 100% recovery then on to the truly fun part , pure black pieces . LOL 
Puzzle is fully recovered from it's pre-Sydney/move to Cali state , only about 500-600 pieces left in the first half , pictures likely to come soon . = D 
< PROPMALE > is making pancakes . YUM 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear god , i pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU for just one hour ? 
so who likes to run 5 < PROPMALE > and sprint the last bit ? Me ! Who's quad's and calves hate him right now ? ME !!!!! lol 
can't wait for yoga tonight , hopefully my kness will be better after a good session 
Yoga was great , the rest of my body hated me last night , now it's just my legs . 
Floating adrift without moving , is this the twilight before the dark of night or the fresh start of < PROPFEMALE > . 
relaxing at home and doing nothing truly important . It's nice to be a housewife most the time . 
hates paperwork ! ugh 
YAY for the first real sunshine in over a week , going for a walk . = ) 
is up and watching Fantastic 4 . = ) 
just woke up from a nap . lol 
is almost done with chores , simply need to put away the rest of the laundry and make dinner . = ) 
Finally used his gift card from Christmas to buy $100 worth of books . Giddy and can't wait for them to get here now . 
a cup of tea and a hot shower later and I feel great . = ) 
Coffee is brewing and the sun's shining , it's a great day ! 
apathetic and uninteresting today . 
has an interview tomorrow ! So much for being apathetic and uninteresting , also got most errands done and had a nice walk in the sunshine today . 
Got the job he interviewed for ! 
Annoyed with the new Facebook , finally had it the way I wanted it and now ... * poof * they changed it again . AGH 
Happily embracing the day the with a cup of coffee ! It's gonna be a great day . 
managed to accomplish everything he set out to do for the day and feels like he has earned his dinner and relaxation for the evening . 
Halfway done for the day , as soon as I finish it's smooth sailing for the rest of the week . = D 
loves CSA ! 
just purged his facebook , who knew so many connections and things to do could be so tiresome . If you can see this you made the cut . = ) 
finished his application and just needs to get it in the mail now . = ) 
off to the post office to drop his application in the mail , keep your fingers crossed for me . = ) 
Smoothie for breakfast YUM ! 
ready to face the biggest challenge yet ... laundry ! lol 
is gonna be in Colorado end of May , let me know if you wanna plan on doing something . = ) 
getting ready for an interview , wish me luck . 
Ugh , forgot to move my car for street sweep yesterday and got a ticket . blah 
it's all cloudy , but supposed to be really warm tomorrow . * fingers crossed * I wanna go to the beach . lol 
Working on the puzzle ! woot !!! 
YAY ! < PROPMALE>'s home from his surgery and all is well . Just woke up from a bit of a nap and groggy . blah . 
Starting the fixings for the chili . YAY for a bigger crockpot . = D 
loved Black's Beach yesterday and can't wait to go back again soon ! 
really hates when you have to get a new credit card to get your car fixed . blah 
feeling a lot better , can't wait for this weekend . woot ! 
Puzzle addiction ... must have puzzle ... 
Going to the beach . woot ! 
Home from his aptitude test for the dispatcher position . Blah what a pain . 
is going crazy without his laptop . ugh ! 
Laptop is already back , can't wait to pick it up . YAY 
has his laptop back ! YAY !!!!!!! All they had to do was replace the screen and it's all better now . Best day ever ! 
Loves locking himself outta the house ! blah 
First time in my life I've ever been called a Nazi . lol 
got his first paycheck in ages and loves it ! Colorado here I come . = ) 
Smoothie and a cupcake for lunch , talk about a dichotomy . = ) 
People need to understand that children with\ 
special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not\ 
contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of \ 
you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on \ 
your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and \ 
..... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help \ 
& understanding . GO < PROPFIRST > ! 
Not ready to go back to work for the rest of the week . 
Woot ! New binder , time to go knock on some doors and pester people to answer me . < eg > 
is in a funk and didn't get the job he's been hoping for for the last 2 months . 
feels better after going out last night . 
T minus 3 hours til Venture Colorado takes off . WOOT ! 
About ready to head out , see you all soon . 
in Colorado ! YAY ! 
HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
R.I.P. My Geo , Babe . 
YAY for updating my resume and work history , now for the really fun part , using those to actually get a job . = P 
My new favorite motto : \Something great is going to happen today \"" 
There\ 
comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama\ 
and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who \ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the \ 
good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . REPOST \ 
THIS ...... IF YOU AGREE . 
Yay for getting the house cleaned up a bit . = ) 
had a great 4th , ended up at the Padres game and scored some sweet seats behind home plate on the field level . = ) 
Spicy chicken , brown rice and black beans for dinner . YUM ! ( Yes I know it's late , but I'm a night owl . = P ) 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > ... Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives for you this week !! Please Honor THEM by reposting 
Anyone wanna do laundry for me ? = P 
A great deal of my stress has gone POOF ! today . I sold my car , no longer shall it drain my very being . YAY ! 
has an interview for the job he'd given up on 3 months ago . = ) 
is making a last minute trip home to Colorado tomorrow . = ) 
is in Phoenix waiting for his flight to < PROPMALE > . Sad and elated at the same time . 
is at his mom's in the mountains . woot ! 
is happy to be at his Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s and is about to go hop in the pool . = ) 
is happy to be home finally . = ) 
I had my interview today , feel really good about it , just wish they'd stop dragging their feet and hire me already . lol 
I just found a song that fits me almost perfectly . 
just found out he has to hunt down another set of transcripts for school . blah ! 
had two interviews today , both of which went fairly well . Hoping to have a job next week . * fingers crossed * 
got the job as the vet assistant . Woot ! Trial run on Tuesday and pretty sure they'll keep me after I've been able to prove myself . = ) 
I love my new job , though I'm sure < PROPMALE > will be sick of me asking for this kind of pet or that kind in less than a week . 
I just found out my cat likes caramels . I guess that's two of us with a sweet tooth . 
Making peanut butter cookies for the iron chef competition at work tomorrow . = ) 
Special needs kids are not sick , gross or stupid . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way 
Who knew that one could enjoy a trip to the dentist so much ! 
had a fairly productive day today and feels ready to meet tomorrow with a grin . = ) 
felt adventurous today ! 
My head hurts , and I haven't even started doing coursework yet . Trying to navigate online classes is like trying to swim up three different streams at once . It wouldn't be so bad if two of my teachers were a lil ' clearer on what they wanted done by when . I hate not knowing what I should be doing . blah 
4 hours spent on Psych homework pays off with me aceing my quiz . woot ! 
I now remember why I like science and math better , it's because there are less papers to write and agonize over ! 
< PROPMALE > has a new nickname for me . I'm no longer just Danimal , but now I'm also Little WMD ! ROFL 
Homework overload ... blah ! Anyone wanna volunteer to do some for me ? = P 
Nap's are good , not being able to go back to sleep is not ! I guess that means it's time to clean and do more homework ... sigh ... 
is actually caught up on homework for the first time since school started ! Woot !!! 
I have the two cutest fuzzbutts ever in my life ! 
Is sad that the Border's Downtown is closing , but is happy to have 25 new books for less than 170 dollars . = ) 
Work , work go away , leave me be so I can play ! 
