Only 5 day's till my ultra-sound !!!! Can't wait to get off work and go home ! :o ) 

It's a Girl !!!!!!! 
Wondering life sucks so bad sometimes 
Watching hotel for dogs with the kiddies ........ what fun !!!!! 
15 weeks to go ...... but what to name the baby ????????? 
what a night ......................... why why why thats all i ever want to ask 
OK I need some help , we have it narrowed down to 4 names ....... Makenzie , < PROPFEMALE > , Kennedy , or Brooklyn . The middle name will be < PROPFEMALE > . My fav is Makenzie ( That's what < PROPMALE>'s name was going to be , if he was a girl ) But want you opinion ! 
So exhausted , probably getting sick . 10 weeks to go and my baby girl will be here , ( I hope ) Thinking her name will be Sidney .......... ( unless we change our minds again ) 
So it's Tuesday , but it feels like Monday ~ and bed time can't come fast enough ! 
Tomorrow is Friday , 8 weeks to go until Baby < PROPFIRST > will be here !!!!! 
Bedrest is the worst ever ! 
Went to the doc today , still 2 cn and 50% efaced ..... lets see if we can make it another week ! Haveing uncomfortable irregular contraction , doc gave me more meds , if I have more than 6 in an hour off to the hospital for more meds . I must say I am so sick of medicine ! 
So exhausted ! I could pass out , but nater will be home in 20 Mins ..... no rest then he is crazy ! Whats for lunch ? 
It's a rainy day .......... makes me want to sleep ! 
Another boring boring ~ but I night with no kids sure will be nice ! 
Another boring day ~ a least I get to watch the football game !!!!!!! 36 weeks and being very impatient , so ready to have the baby !!!! 
Today is my baby girls Birthday ....... she is 8 how sad ! :o ( 
Just waiting on Miss < PROPFIRST > to make her apperance !!! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , Please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you !! about an hour ago · Comment · Like / Unlike 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , Please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you !! 
Hanging out with Nater Tater and i am trying to do my homework ~ I really don't feel like it but I have so much to get done before Miss < PROPFIRST > decides to make for appearance !!!!!! Doc Appointment tomorrow ! 38 Weeks Tomorrow ! 
ok still no baby ....... 38 weeks 4 days today , so why did the doc put me on bestrest ????? This baby needs to come already ! Feel like crap and having contractions like crazy , but not real labor , wtf !!!!! 
Well baby Sindney will be here no later than Tuesday !!!!! I hope before then , but if not Tuesday it is ! 
In such a bad mood for some reason !!! 
Tomorrow is D - Day unless it happend today ! 
Finally home with my baby girl ! < PROPFIRST > was born 11/10/09 @10 : 28am . 6lbs 14.9 oz 19 Inches long !!!!!!! 
Taking Miss < PROPFIRST > to her very first doc appointment today ! 
Hanging out with the baby today ! I think napping is in my future ! 
Does anyone know someone who would like to coach a cheerleading squad . it is for nkya basketball and it's for 9 , 10 and 11 year olds . if you know anyone who would be interested please let me know . I need to get squads formed this weekend . and i am short a coach ! thanks in advance for your help !!!! 
I found coach yippy ! Now I just have to finish the rosters ! 
Wishing I'd get more sleep , but < PROPFIRST > has other plans for me ! 
is wishin everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving ! 
At home with all 4 kids , omg ......... save me ! Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work so he can have < PROPFIRST > duty all weekend - yeah ! < PROPFIRST > tmas decorating tonight ! 
is feeling like crap !!! I hate being sick , it has to get better ~ it's hard to take care of a new born and not feeling good . < PROPFIRST > eats a 1pm then nap time for us !!!!!!!!!! ( I hope she will be on the same < PROPFEMALE > ) 
2 hours of sleep .... omg < PROPFIRST > needs to sleep ! 
Is it bedtime yet ????? Sittin with the baby , and did I mention she already weigh's 8.15 she's a fatty ! 
Looking for an assitant cheerleading coach for 4 , 5 and 6 years olds .. The squad practice's on Wednesdays from 6-7 . They have games on Saturday mornings . I have a coach who is in over her head and needs some help making up a dance for Cheerfest ! Let me know if you know anyone who my be interested ! 
Surgery tomorrow ...... nothing to eat or drink after midnight ...... oops times up ! 
wow - had a rough one last night - FUN but ROUGH --- Happy New Year to all !!!!!! 
So tired of stupid people .......... I just wish some people would grow the hell up and act like a damn adult !!!! Beside stupid people and me having to deal with childish crap all is good , The baby is getting bigger by the day ! 
This week has to be better that last week ! All you need is love , family and friends - and I've got the best of all three ...... so it appears that I have all I need for true happiness ! You gotta be real with your self for those around you to know the real you ! 
So far go good ............. at work missin my babies can't wait to get home and eat a hoome cooked meal . The kids always appricate a well cooked meal ! There comes a time when they are tired of fast food can you believe that ...... yeah I know it hard to believe ! 
I have an odd question : Why do people lie ???? Just tell the truth , and if you feel the need to lie tell your lies to someone else , no one likes a liar and guess what the lies will bite you in the A@@ eventualy ! I hate nothing more than a liar ! **** Lot of love from me ! **** 
just finished ordering cheer trophies ..... boy that was a job but I got it finished . Now on to working on the cheer program ..... if i only got paid to do all this work - but i love it , just seeing the smiles on the girls faces on competition day is payment enough . I always know its a job well done and everyone is greatful . 
Two weeks till Cheerfest , so much to do so little time ! Two week then I get to rest ! The girls are pumped and are going to look fantasic . I'll be happy when all the planning is over and I can just enjoy the day ! 
Cheerfest is finally coming together ........... Just got cheerfest apparel sorted by squad . Trophies are in , still need to be sorted but that is on tonights agenda ! Then off to make 11 totes for my squad they are goint to be super cute can't wait to start working on them . 
Friday - pick up balloons , pick up flowers , drop off girls of squad sleep over - then off to decorate the gym for the big day ....... saturday morning up super early to get cheerfest under way - but this marks the end of the season :o ) The girls have thier last practice tonight and they look awesome ........ I couldn't be prouder ! After Saturday rest till September then it was starts all over again ! 
I thought i was going to get a break from cheerleading !!!! Welp time to make it better next year , so happy to hear all of my coaches from last year are planning to return , the some things that happened but it will be a ok . Working on some mini camps if you have cheer experience and world be interest let me know sgriffith@amfin.com 
Adult hip hop dance team , who's in let me know ! 
Off at 3 , then its girls night ........... pure romance , drinking and food - best part no men and no kids !!!!!! It's time to let loose and have fun ! I've not been drunk in a while and I must say it over due - it time to make up for all the sober nights !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Do you ever get tired of dealing with people who act like they are better than you , like they have something to prove ? Be real or don't be - fake people get on my nerves , no one is better than anyone and as soon as some figure that out the world will be a better place . All actions cause a reaction and all i can say is be ready ! you treat people the way you want to be treated ! 
Fake is fake and lies are lies and both will come and bite you in the butt sooner or later ! You reep what you sew so good luck to those who lie when the truth is better ! Grow the hell up and be a big boy/girl and deal with the life you have made for your self and leave everyone else alone ! Everyone would be better off without liars and fakes ! 
1st day back to work ....... My baby girl was sick and momma stayed home with her ! She is getting better ! But I did get a five day weekend and it was beautiful out and the other kiddies were on spring break it was so nice to spend some time with them !!!!!!! We have fun stuff planned for the weekend just hope Miss < PROPFIRST > is up for the fun ! 
It's Friday !!!!!!!!!! A great weekend with the kids in T minus 9 hours . 
Fun weekend ........... Mary Poppins Saturday night was amazing the kids loved it , we even watched the movie before we went gotta love the classics :o ) Cleaned house Sunday and the girls did laundry soooo funny but they loved it . Then a visit from Mawmaw < PROPFEMALE > it was a great weekend !!!!!!!!! Then comes Monday :o ( and back to work and school ! 
WOW crazy day so far-kids who didn't eat dinner lastnight-kids w/no socks , y does it all always fall on me & none of it was my fault . Gotta love kids & all the drama involved fun fun fun ! But here's to a better afternoon and a much better evening . I am thinking beef and noodles for dinner-the kids think it's yummy and there is always left overs ! Late dinner tonigh t-t he tutor is coming . Gotta whip these kids n shape ! 
So it Wednesday , whats in store ..................... umm can we say T-Ball Practice ! 1st game is Saturday that should be fun !!!!!! 
It's almost 1pm and I am so ready for bed ! I guess I need to stop playing Wii at night and get some sleep ! But I enjoy kicking < PROPFIRST>'s butt , I swear we always act like big kids ! But its fun so who cares 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!! Great weekend ahead !!!!!!!!! My babies are home all weekend !!!!! First T-Ball game on Saturday ! Cook out at mom's on Sunday for my baby brothers 21st birthday let he fun begin ! Maybe we'll do some fishing this weekend too , hope the rain will go go go away ! 
IT'S MONDAY !!! Great Weeked , T-ball was rained out ! The whole fam went to my daddy's shop - I worked on taxes , < PROPFIRST > worked on his four wheeler and the kids went crazy ! Dinner at Long Horn with dad then we took the kids ! Sleep for me and the boat for < PROPFIRST > ! Yesterday was great - my baby brothers birthday cookout - pool , darts and beer , who could complain ! 
Great night with the fam .......... One day closer to Friday ! 
Quater till 6 ..... waiting for the boss to go so I can follow ! Another lovley night with the family . We have tutoring but its time to relax after that , < PROPFIRST > is making dinner as I type will be ready when i get home from work - livin the dream ! Gotta be greatful for a great man and father ( He is the best he is he is ) Have a nice night all - I am signing out and enjoying my man and kids ! 
Almost time 4 our lunchen , it's an asian inspired meal , we'll see what they have in store for us this year <3 Another great night with the family , no complaints . Tonight will be another fabulous night , ( T-ball practice)but we will be 1 less for 2 days - we sure will miss the little diva ! The girls were watching General Hospital last night on soap net , thanks to mamaw ! They crack me up :) 
Leaving work to spend some time with the family . Dinner and working on Iguana projects , fun fun ! Tomorrow is FRIDAY ( Couldn't be happier ) 
leaving work for a wonderfful with the family -- despite the rain coming our way ! Birthday party on Saturday and just relax relax relax !!!!!!! Play a little wii and watch some movies ! 
Another great weekend for me and the fam ...... even thou it rained all weekend ! But we had fun ! No t-ball , Nater was not happy !!!!! Stayed in our PJ's all day yesterday and watched movies . It was one of those weekends you love to have . Happier than happy can get - NO ONE can bring us down ! Good Luck trying ! 
It's that time of day again , quitten time ! Off to spend time with my < PROPFIRST > and my Siddy all the other kids are gone for the night <3 quite night at home for us ! Maybe an early bed time ! Sure will miss the other stinkers tonight but a break is always nice ! Have a nice evening all ! Maybe < PROPFIRST > is making dinner as well - this could be a wonderful night ! House clean ( Check ) laundry done ( check ) relax time ( double check ) 
Way to much information for one day , but I am loving it ! I think it'll be a challenge but lovin it for sure ! Off to spend some QT with the family ! I'd say early bedtime tonight ! I am on information over load - you know the head spinning feeling ! But I really can't complain ! I am up for the change and challenge that comes with it - it's time to knock their socks off ! 
welp , heading downtown for a meeting ! then home I go - another night with the kids looking forward to it - got to see my baby girl at lunch ! Fun Fun ahead ! 
It is a day to celebrate !!!! Beer all around :o ) \ 
Off tomorrow going on a Field Trip with Miss < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPMALE > ! 
Only 30 minutes to go ........ so looking forward to the weekend with the kids ! Time to relax and just have some fun . Off to a graduation tonight and who know what else is in store - maybe some 4-wheelin I know the kids have a blast ! Have a great weekend all Lots of <3 
Monday Monday Monday , lets get this week started ........ great weekend ! 
For all those men who say \why marry the cow\ 
If you have a wonderful man , who works hard \ 
to take care of you , would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is \ 
your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you \ 
up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you're thankful \ 
for , then post this to your status and give the good men the recognition\ 
they deserve , because great men are few and far between , and I have \ 
one !!! 
So it's Tuesday , the kids are off school - it's election day , bout to go vote ! Dinner is in the crock pot so it looks like a pretty laid back night ahead I may even have a beer ot two ! 
Heading home to a night of running ............ Gotta go to the store , < PROPFIRST > is making dinner - then off to T-Ball , by the time we get home it will be time for showers and bed !!!!!!!!! 
My Nater Tater Graduates Kindergarten today woohoo for him . He is getting so big and it is so sad !!!!!!!!! Can't wait to see my little man graduate ! <3 
It's been a great weekend with the family !!!!! Lots of work and sun , taking a break and going to watch the kids swim !!! They are having a blast and my < PROPFEMALE > keeps putting me to work on the roof , but hey were having a great time together and momma's doing all the cooking love weekend where I don't have to worry about breakfast , lunch or dinner and it's all home cooked !!!!! Heading home late tonight or in the morning ! 
I think it's about time you quit trying to play the victim in your lil drama production . 
Going to the hair Salon ---- me and the girls are gettin our hair done . Yippy ! It's been a long time and we all need it bad ! Have fabtabulous night !!!! I know I will ! 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been \ 
affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a \ 
punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure \ 
for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except for a punch in the face 
Wow gotta busy week ahead tutoring 2nite , give < PROPFEMALE > a manicure , T-Ball 2morrow < PROPMALE > turns 6 on Thurs Chirs needs to Mow the grass Thurs Fix the four wheeler clean the house , set up the pool ( Shhhh its a surprise for the kids ) T- Ball Game Sat & go shopping for the B-day Party on Sun ! Woo I'm exhauted just thinking about - ummm I didn't schedule time to relax i guess that goes on Next Weeks to-do list !!!! <3 
Another great night with the family manicures and pedicures for me and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Of course < PROPFIRST > helped with the painting of the nails soooo funny ! ( Such a great Daddy ) We then had girl time as < PROPFEMALE > would call it . We watched Pretty Little Liars looking forward to the next episode next Tueday !!!!! 
I am who I am your approval is not needed nor do I care what you think ! Watch me do what I do & talk shit because obviously I am everything you want to be ! 
Off in 24mins to spend QT time with the family . T-Ball is cancelled and I have a ton to do around the house to get ready for Sunday ! What to make for dinner ummmmmm - BBQ Ribs last night they were great and the kids loved them I was shocked ! But so clueless for tonight , I really ham green beans and potatoes - should have thought about that this morning .... decisions decisions 
Happy Birthday to my Mr. Nathan ..... Big 6 today !!!!! 
Had a great Thursday ..... Chris made steaks on the grill , and baked potatoes and sauteed mushrooms yummy ! I went to < PROPFEMALE > IN to pick up the kids SURPRISE ! Looking forward to a fun filled weekend - busy night tonight , then Fishing with the kids Saturday ( I hope ) and we are going to PARTY Sunday !!!!!!!! I love fun filled weekends ! 
Had such a wonderful weekend with the kids . We a great party yesterday - friends , family , cornhole , beer and swiming does it get any better ! I def need a break from my weekend !!!!!! 
I just want to know why some people are so damn stupid - there are some people whom I want to tell that their lies are a waste of breath just as they are a waste of space . Just grow the hell up and go on with your life and stay the hell out of mine . You bring the drama on your slef - so be a grown up and start scting like it ! My 8 year old asks more mature <3 just some lovely words from < PROPFIRST > <3 
Off to T-ball with my nater ....... then home to spend time with my loving family ! Fun times ahead <3 Have to lower < PROPFIRST>'s bed , can you believe that she is already pulling her self up to standing . Wow they grow way to fast ! 
Busy night ahead - gotta take a trip to the doc afterwork gotta love sick kids ... < PROPFIRST > made Ham , green beans and potatoes for dinner yum yum ! 
Miss < PROPFIRST > has an acute ear infection poor baby ! < PROPFEMALE > has swimmers ear ( No swimming for a week , I think she might go crazy - but that's what the doc says ) Fun night at the doctor's last night :o ) But dinner was great thanks for a wonder man ! 
What a weekend - I am fried but I def needed the tan !!!!!!!!! Had a great father's day with my babe the best Daddy I know <3 lots of love to him !!!!! I wish I could go back to bed - but it's time to do the work thing goota make that $ ! 
Had a pretty good night - < PROPFIRST > grilled out and made homemade French fries they are the best !!!!! Had a couple beers , and watched my man play SMG2 on the wii . Me and our gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > helped play the 2nd player during the tough spots ! And lets not leave out < PROPFIRST > - she watched and got in to everything she isn't supposed to !!!!! I <3 my family ! 
SMILE , it pisses the people off that tried to get u down in the first place . and that is worth smiling about 
OFF WORK IN 10MIN WHOOO WHOO 
Then off to T-ball ..... in the hot hot sun ! But my man is making dinner so it's ready when we get home - that is so sweet ! Then hopfully it's a nice relaxing night at home we are one kids less ( we will miss her ) but it will be a little more relaxed ! Then back to the work grind in the morning ! 
Had a great surprise baby shower today work --- it was great fun !!! We actually pulled off the surprise it was amazing ! It's been a great day so off - looking forward to 5 to spend a nice and quite day with my < PROPFIRST > ! 
Headin home ...... to spend some time with Miss < PROPFIRST > and my < PROPFIRST > gotta <3 life !!!! 
Had a GREAT GREAT GREAT weekend with my Babe < PROPFIRST > and my kiddos ...... 4-wheelin , lots of beers , fishing and just some good ol'quaility time ! I need a break from the weekend to recoup to get ready for more fun this coming weekend . 2 4th of July parties ......... supposed to make 800 Jell-O shots . lol 
What a busu night ..... dug out the flower bed , Tutoring for < PROPFEMALE > , Met my dad at the mall with < PROPFIRST > was there till 9:30 , < PROPFIRST > cooked dinner .... then up till 1am watching funny video's on utube with my < PROPFIRST > ! Man I need a red bull ~ 
Miss < PROPFIRST > has one tooth and another one almost cut through ..... i guess this explains her fussines ! She is getting so big , 8 months on 7/10 
Come on WEEKEND !!!!! Off at 3 today - then shopping for party supplies !!!!! < PROPFIRST > and I have a ton of Jell-o shots to make tonight ! Then going to mess with the 4 - wheeler . 3 parties to attend tomorrow - def going to need sunday and monday to recoup ! It's going to be a really fun one for sure ! 
<3 HELLO WEEKEND <3 GOING HOME TO MAKE JELL-O SHOTS MY OH MY DO I HAVE A TON TO MAKE BUT I BET THEY ARE ALL GONE AND WE WILL ALL BE FEELING NO PAIN <3 HAVE A HAPPY 4TH ALL 
Had one hell of a weekend ! Fi-Made 500 Jello shots . Sat- attended 3 parties ate 500 jello shots , and got super drunk ( had a blast ) Sun-trying to over come one hell of a hanger over and went boating , tubing all day didn't get home till 11p , today got my oil change - got a hitch for my truck thanks to my daddyo now trying to recoup for the work week ! 
Work has been super nuts this week ..... can i say i hate the begining of the month , it's my busy time !!!!!!!! Can't wait till five so i can go home and spend time with the family <3 back to rreconciling accounts what fun ! 
Been a long long day !!!! Work , then retirement party at the hanger it ws fun but hot and great to see everyone ...... Gary < PROPFIRST > you will be missed but will alway be a part of the the AFG family ! Then off to the mommy in laws to watch my man work .... now enoying a cold beer then off to bed for me ! 
it's been a great day !!!!! House is clean ..., kids are showered , chemicals are in the pool , now it time for some mommy time ! Maybe a beer ????? Who know's , but the girls are buging me to play sims but I was thinking maybe I want to play ummmm what to do ???? 
was woke up to two kids beating each other up - wowo why do kids feel the need to hit each other . They are on punishment now and it is so quite now ! 
<3 ing the rain 2day ! It's well needed , it makes me want 2 curl up n my bed next 2 the man i ?, we are both at work :o ( I think a much needed vaca is n order very soon ! Thinking bout camping n a couple weeks , i think the kids will really like it ! Super busy at work today , many big projects , complete and the deadline is close of business 2morrow think we can get it all done ? If I am working on it there is no doubt ! 
Exhausted Worked till 5 then was working again til 12am last night ! Looks like many more days of working way 2 much but its all for a good cause ! Got 2 c my babies & my < PROPFIRST > 4 a brief moment lat night miss em like crazy . Can i just add there R some people that I really cannot stand seriously , some people need 2 just take care of business so others don't have to do it 4 them , uh i have had enough of 1 certain person ! 
It's THURSDAY !!!! and TOMORROW is FRIDAY ~ So excited to have the weekend so close ! I hope it's a relaxing weekend ! But for now work is calling my name ! 
IT\S FRIDAY ! Work till five then have a couple days of hanging out with my < PROPFIRST > and my <3 Got lots of work todo for daddyo but that's not two bad ! WEEKEND OFFICALLY STARTS IN 6 HOURS ! " 
Just got home just have < PROPFIRST > this weekend !!!! Time to relax - kickin back and have a few cold one with the <3 of my life !!!!! Life is grand couldn't get any better !!! ( yeah it can - we could eliminate a few select individuals !!!!!!!!! Have a fantabulous weekend ALL ! 
little tipsey , had a wonderful day with my <3 .... cleaning , working on the four wheeler , shopping for school supplies ( 3 kids + school supplies = way to much $) The whole day with my < PROPFIRST > and My Siddy does it get any better ! Tomorrow swiming and pulling weeds ~~~~ maybe laundry !!! Really want to go out on the boat we shall c what tomorrow really brings ! 
making vacation plans ........ thinking of two one for us and one for the kids . maybe jamacia or cancun for us then something for the kids - maybe < PROPMALE > @ sea or Indiana Beach or both so much to think about !!! 
RIP Uncle < PROPMALE > you will be missed !!!!! Visitation Thursday and Funeral Friday ! What a week this is going to be :o ( tomorrow is my last day of work for the rest of the work -gonna be super busy tomorrow !!!! Off to bed I go - hope i can get some zzzzz's , I am super I will since I have my < PROPFIRST > to snuggles !!! Night ALL ! 
Busy last couple of days ..... got to see lots of family i haven't seen in forever - man I have missed those guys ! We all know that Uncle < PROPMALE > is in good hands - and we will all see him again when our time comes in the mean time he is looking down on all of us ! Now on to the weekend ! BUT i have tons of work to do this weekend ! But i get to spend time with my <3 ' s ..... 
Busy night with the girls so far .... the kids had me looking at back packs online for school and they all found the perfect back packs they are super excited to be a kid again ..... put names on all the school supplies they are all ready for school and we still have a few weeks togo ! 
you know it's amazing when a little girl already knows when someone is a liar !!!!! In my opinion no child should think there parents are liar ---- they get smarter and smarter everyday and catch on to everything ! Parents are suposed to be role models and someone a child should look upto and not someone they can't trust !!! It just brakes my heart ! 
Good moring !!! I am going to lay pool side all day -- I do have some work to get done first but the sun is my friend today ! 
GREAT DAY SO FAR !!!!! Some laying out and some swimming , the kids had a picnic by the pool for lunch with a side of gummy worms !!!! Now we are inside taking a break from the sun and they are playing some < PROPFIRST > Cart on the Wii ! My <3 is working today like always - he is def being missed today ! 
from an 8 year old when r u & my dad going 2 get married , I really want u 2 b my step mom I ? you just as much as I ? my mom , 2 sweet all i could do was give her a big hug & kiss ! I look at her just as if she is 1 of my own I never say I have 3 kids I always say I have 4 ! The funny thing is every1 says she looks just like me & you can't tell I'm not the mom of all 4 since they all look like there beautiful momma ! 
Almost 3pm , 2 hrs 2go and then I am going home and doing NOTHING that is so what I need right now ! Had a super fun weekend ! < PROPMALE > out by the pool Saturday with the Kids , Was out on the boat with the kids yesterday untill 10pm , the kids had a blast & <3 spending time with PawPaw < PROPFIRST > ( I think he liked it too ) But tonight is time for me and my < PROPFIRST > to just relax - Siddy is the only kid home 2nite and she is easy ! 
Why do some people have to be so DAMN stupid !!!!!!!!!!! 
I have a not so good feeling right about now !!!!!! Sometime life is so hard ! 
Denist appointment in less than 2 hours , ewwwww ! I guess going to the Denist is the icing on the cake for me today !!!!! Good thing is dinner is in the crock pot !!!!! 
Ready to go home and relax !!!!! Homemade bean soup is at home cooking so excited ! And tomorrow is friday so excited a weekend without all the kids just Miss Siddy going to be so nice ! Then busy weeked the week after lots of things todo with the Kiddo's and the Bengals play next Sunday --- Who Dey baby can't wait ! 
<3 ing T . O . ' s new ride !!! 
OH man I just want to curl up into a ball and get in my bed ! 
Weekend off to a pretty good start , except I have been working since I got off work !!!! But dad will b happy 2 know that < PROPFIRST > and Feb are done woot woot ! Moving on 2 Mar , Apr , May , Jun & I hope Jul tomorrow then dad will be all caught up ! Drank a few colds ones while working on paper work . i wish my Full Time job was this cool and wouldn't mind me poppin open a cold one while working - must say dad's the BEST BOSS ~ ! 
Back to work again more paper work !!!!!!!!!!!! 
WHAT A DAY ! 
1 hr and 15 minutes and we are gone gone gone for the weekend ! We are gonna have a blast and I am almost certain the kids will have a blast as well . This is sort of the last big thing for the kids before school starts ! 
Had the best weekend ever with my <3 , my kiddos , and my Dad !!!!! We could all live by the water ! But Dad made it all happen and we are all so greatful !!!!! 
Taking the girls to the < PROPMALE > Brothers Concert tonight -- they don't know yet !!!! They are going to be super excited ! I can't wait ! 
The concert was great but super hot ! Traffic was the pits but it was worth it to see the look the my girls face when we got there . That place was packed clearly there are a ton of < PROPMALE > Brothers fans in the cincinnati ! Met the kids teachers yesterday , I already knew all three of them ! Going to be a wonderful school year ! The kids are pumped they start school one week from today- Summer is officically over :o ( 
So happy tomorrow is friday !!!! But have to go to a memorial after work :o ( RIP < PROPMALE > TALLOM you will be missed ! Bout to go to bed - exhausted had a busy busy week ! So ready for the weekend ! I see lots of cleaning in my future ! 
bout to start an audit that is giong to take us until september to complete !!! Lots of work ahead of us but we can get it done forsure !!!!!!!!! 
10 year reunion tomorrow night !!!!!!! Should be fun ! 
ok so i am trashed just got home from my 10 year reunion fun times 
WHO DEY BABY !!!!!! Great great great game !!!!!! Even though it was a black out we still got to watch the game Live - I just love football season !!!!!!!!!! Can't wait till Friday's game !!!!! Since we figured out a way to beat the black out and still get to watch the game :o ) My < PROPFIRST > is going to the game !!! But I'll be watching no doubt ! 
The kiddo's start school tomorrow they are so excited !!!!!!! And so am I ! Now got lots of work todo ! 
Attention : A brand new youth cheer program is starting up ! Please contact me in your are interested in coaching a squad or if you little girl is interested in cheering ! Please pass the word - The season starts soon !!!!!! 
The kiddos are off too school , now Mamaw gets to relax and < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > ! Ganna miss the little brats !!!!! Gotts pick them at @ 3:40 <3 
SOOO Happy that it is FRIDAY !!!! Weekend with the kiddos and The Bengals play tonight so excited !!!!!!!!! WHO DEY BABY <3 
Who Dey baby !!!!!!!! 
Man I am exhausted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2 MORE DAYS AND THEN WE ARE LAKE BOUND WITH NO KIDS !!!!!!!!! 
Kings of < PROPFIRST > concert next Saturday ..... VIP Parking and VIP Tickets !!!! I CAN\T WAIT " 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you : I want all my FB friends to comment on this status of how you met me ! After your comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same for you . You'll be amazed at the responses you get 
My <3 is bringing me lunch today ! Does it get any better ????? Gotta <3 a great man ! Leaving for the lake in the morning some great time with no kids !!!!! 
Finally home from Brookville !!! The car is unpacked and it is time for a real shower - camping showers aren't the best ! then its bedtime for ME !!!! Gotta work in the morning 
Is it friday yet ????????? 
' s Rules ... RULE No1 : I am always right . RULE No2 : if i am wrong please refer to RULE No1 . 
Man will this week ever end .... too much to do and no time but I just want to be at home with the kiddo's! 
Who Dey baby god I love watching football with my <3 
Me and my <3 are going to Kings of < PROPFIRST > tonight VIP tickets baaabbbby !!!! Kiddos staying the night at mom's can't wait its going to be a hell of a night !!!!!!!!! 
Wow had one amazing night it was the best for sure !!!! Great concert with my <3 then < PROPMALE > out on the river with the BEST AUNT EVER !!! Now my <3 is at work gott s pick up the kiddo's ummmm what to do today ! Hopfully going down to the WEBN fireworks on the RIVER on one hell of a boat hope < PROPFIRST > gets off work early enough ! 
anyone hear of beersbee ???? 
Man oh man it has already been one of those weeks so busy at work I can ' even see straight !!!! Looking forward to the weekend and it is only Wednesday ! 
Tomorrow is FRIDAY !!!! Couldn't be any happier ! Just want to chill out ! \ 
Tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE>'s 9th Birthday !!!!!!! Can't beleive that grow up so fast , gotta get cup cakes for her to take to school tomorrow ! 
Miss < PROPFIRST > is 10 months old today and she is already walking and Miss < PROPFEMALE > is 9 years old today !!!! So so so sad ! 
OH Monday !!!!!!!!!!!!! It's going to be one of those weeks I can already tell ! 
Got the worst head cold and it won't go away .... had a great weekend now I need the week to rest ! 
Went to the doc ... not a head cold after all its strep ........ this sucks ! 
Wow today could be so much better !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Some people make me so mad ........ when you stick your neck out for someone beware that they might just try to cut it off . It make you want to tell every one to just kiss ur ass !!! I am so done putting my neck or name on the line for anyone ! What does it do for me - but land me in the same spot I'm in now giving some one the < PROPMALE > tp drag my name through the mud ! I can honesly say I am done ! 
wow , what a busy morning !!! Getting three kids ready for pictures and dealing with a fussy baby it is so nuce to be a work time to relax ! 
need to go to bed way to much on my mind ..... gotta get up go to soccer from 9 - 11 then off to central park for Midwest Hoops Sports Complex registrations hope to see you all there !!!!!! 
11 out 13 boone county schools officially have MWH flyers !!!! Be on the look out mom's and dad's and get your little ones signed up for fall/winter sports ! It's gonna be fun ! And if you don't have little one's who's up to play some adult soccer ? 
Ok peeps who's up for some adult soccer let me know ! It will be a good time ! 
What a busy day it has been so far ...... soccer tournament , eye doctor , and laundry man i am ready for a break ! 
I really think my life would be so much better if i didn't have to deal with stupid people trying to bring me down - if you are jealous that's not my fault ! 
adult soccer starts in 2 weeks who's in ? 
Don't forget about the Midwest Hoops Open House tomorrow 2pm - 5pm !!! Hope to c you all ! 
Thanks to everyone who came out to the open house yesterday !!!!!!!!! Don't forget soccer registrations are open until Oct 29 , sign your little ones up ! 
Does anyone have a lttle girl in the 2nd , 3rd or 4th who wants to learn some basic cheer tumbling ???? It's $40 a month the classes are on Tuesday Night @ 5:30 for an hour ! 
? ? ? On this day 9 years ago , I was holding my 1st born baby girl for the very first time ? ? ? Happy 9th Birthday to my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! Mommy ? ' s you ! 
It's mommies week , I became a mom on this day 9 years ago !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 repost if your a proud mommy ! 
Finally get Halloween Costumes for the kids --- geez that was a ton of fun lol !!!!! 
Only 3 days left to sign up for Youth and Adult Soccer !!!!!!! Please sign up ASAP ! 
Don't forget tomorrow is the last day to sign up for soccer www.midwesthoopsonline.com 
Today day is it everyone the last day to sign up for flag football and Soccer !!!! Get those registrations in today ! www.miswesthoopsonline.com 
Work till 11:15 am , off to know your numbers ...... then to surprise the kids at school for Halloween Parties !!!!! I am even bringing Miss < PROPFIRST > so they can show her off ! 
Can you say exhausted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OK everyone soccer is finally starting this weekend !!!!! Now more news Basketball and Cheerleading registrations end Nov . 15th . Basketball is 5 and up and is $75.00 Cheerleading is 3 and up and is $65.00 plus uniform costs ! Practice starts in December and games start in January ! in you need more info let me know ! Please register online at www.midwesthoopsonline.com 
OMG I am so ready for sleep it's only 2:15 and it fells so much later - I think an early bedtime is in future !!!!!! 
Happy 1st Birthday to my baby girl <3 They grow up way to fast , but Momma <3 ' s her ! 
sign up's for cheerleading end Nov . 26th basketball registration end Nov . 26th as well get your little ones signed up www.midwesthoopsonline.com 
2 more days till d-day 
If anyone is interested in signing thier little girls up for cheerleading I need to know today ! They can cheer from 3 years old to 12 years old . We are having a uniform fitting Tomorrow and Wednesday and I will need to get them added to a squad ! Help spread the word ! 
So exhausted ........... last night of fittings tonight and then the fun begins !!!! 
another busy weekend ..... i am beat . 
why is it so hard to be everything to everybody all the time ???? Somethimes i just think it would be easier to just give up !!!!! I have so many people who need me to be perfect and I am exhausted . I can only do so much and I am just tired - and need a break from live , but this is not who I am I think I can do it all ALL the time ! 
you know what i really miss my family - not talking about the family that lives with me I am talking about everyone else that i never see - it's time to make a change ! 
