so much for the house cleaning today ...... did catch up on the sleep though !!! 

Almost forgot what facebook looked like on the computer ! Been using my blackberry for all my updates for months now . Getting my new laptop very soon ! Yippeeeeee !!!!! 
Stoked ! Here in Pittsburgh with my sister ! gonna have sore sides and cheeks from all the laughter !!! 
Excited for my sister ! She is a grandma now ! Miss you Daddy .... you left us 21 years ago today ; but you live on in all of us ! 
Just got back from the movies ..... Saw Inglorious Basterds with < PROPFIRST >>>>>> It was interesting to say the least .... different than what I thought ... < PROPFIRST > loved it though !!! 
In Hershey , < PROPFEMALE > tonight with < PROPFEMALE > my employee ! We are attending a dog grooming expo tomorrow ! Lots of new things to sample and learn ! cool ! 
Gotta go to sleep now , Day with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! Groomers beware here we come !!!! 8 = xxxx 
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE SEND ME A BLACK CAT FROM FARM TOWN ??? THANX 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > at TNT Hair Studio ....... I am blonde again ! 
Excited about my sister < PROPFEMALE > and like a sister < PROPFEMALE > coming for a visit this weekend , lots of laughter coming !!!!! woooo hoooo ! 
In Chincoteague ........ < PROPFEMALE > kinda messed things up here ..... cannot go to Asseteague to the wildlife refuge ..... its under water ...... the beach is totally gone ...... hope to get some neat photos tomorrow of some of the damage around town ...... looks like its the hot tub for me ! lol 
Just spent the last 3 hours answering requests !!!! I haven't been on here in about 2 weeks and those requests really pile up ! LOL 
Sending everyone a wish for a wonderful and healthy happy New Year ! 
Getting ready to leave my sisters ; going to my nephews grave ; then homeward bound . 
nude 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this into your status and copy and paste what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment ... < PROPFEMALE > The most amazing person you will ever meet . A bit sarcastic but mosly lovable ! If you don't know her too bad ! those who have met her are extremely lucky ! you should never push her away . Go out and find yourself an < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Baby , There's no other superstar , you know that I'll be ... your papa .. paparazzi 
Feeling a bit better ! finally back to work due to the snow !!!!! I've had enough !!! 
What a crazy dog we had today at the grooming shop ..... It would not stop pooping everywhere .... like seriously it was walking and pooping ... wagging its tail and pooping ... ugh !!!!! Whatever it ate ...... it had to be rotten !!!! LMAO 
Very long day at work ..... I am so thankful for it though .... February was tough with all the snow !!!!! Come on spring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What a beautiful day !!!!! I so don't miss the snow !!! 
Drove all night with my hubby to < PROPFEMALE > N.C. to deliver stuff for his business ! we left at 9pm didn't get to a hotel until 9 this morning . Next time I pull an all nighter it better be more fun ! , ) GOT BANJO LAST NIGHT TOO !!!! AND I HAD TO LEAVE HIM FOR 2 DAYS !!!!! BOOOOOO ! 
Happy birthday to the love of my life ! < PROPFIRST > , I love you ! xoxoxoxo 
Having thoughts of an angel ..... I know he is up there looking out for his Dad . 
man , I hate wasps ! 
name this tune ... dreaming of my Chevy and my old blue jeans : 
< PROPFIRST>'s band playing tonight at bourbon street cafe in claymont ! 
Tomorrow is 2 years since we lost our angel < PROPFIRST > ..... words cannot express the pain our family still feels ..... especially his Mom and Dad . 
Thinking of something special to do for our 11th wedding anniversary .... May 8th ..... Only two weeks to plan something special 
name the song ... we've been together since way back when ... 
Just got the new Droid phone ; will spend next month learning how to answer it ! 
I have come to the realization that My family and closest friends are the only people I can trust ! Tired of being a litter box !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > changes at work !!!!!! Out with the people who hurt you , and lie to you , and in with what I've always known ..... trust my instincts !!!!! I already feel less stressed !!!! 
Happy 4th peeps ! 
My house is like an oven !!!! Stupid motor went on the central AC unit ..... UGHHHHHHH ! Temp is reading 89 degrees inside the house ....... I am gonna kiss the repairman tomorrow when he's done !!!! 
Woooo Hoooo !!!!! I'm in Pittsburgh with my sister !!!!! I am on vacay !!!!! Won't be home til next Monday !!!!! 
Relay for Life today ........ also tomorrow . Fighting to find a cure for cancer !!!! 
Had a great weekend at the Relay for Life ..... < PROPFEMALE > every moment peeps !!!! 
Thanks to everyone who joined the cause < PROPFIRST>'s Journey :) 
Sometimes a man is interested in a womans mind ...... but mostly he interested in what she doesn't mind ! 
Sometimes a man is interested in a womans mind ........ but mostly he is interested in what she doesn't mind ! 
Had a great time in Pittsburgh with my sister ! Time went too fast though . Wish we lived closer ! 
Raised $50 in 3 days for cancer research ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE>'s paws n claws clients . 
Feeling exhausted after working all week !!!! I wish I was still on vacation ! 
Happy labor day weekend peeps ! 
Almost died tonight !!!!! no seriously folks . < PROPFEMALE > and I just stopped for a red light and 2 seconds later ..... lightening struck two telephone poles/street lights @ a car length away !!!!! It was like raining orange fire sparks and glass !!!!! Thank God we were at the red light !! I almost peed myself !!!!! 
So glad this week is almost done . Had a black cloud over my head all week . Lol 
OK .... so remember when I said I was glad the week was over .... obviously Sunday had a mind of its own ..... Lost my keys ..... and i don't mean in the house kind of lost .... They weren't important though .... just my HOUSE key ... BUSINESS key ... SAFE key .... and MOM'S MOTORIZED SCOOTER key ... no big deal right ???? LOL \ 
26 days to Disney vacation !!!!! I need a little magic ;) 
I always have it on my Kitchen table ! 
I am watching Dr. < PROPMALE > ..... I am so saddened by the story today . It is about teens who have taken their own lives due to bullying over their sexual preference . I don't understand how people cannot just love people for who they are ..... White , Black , Gay , Straight , Fat or thin ...... the list goes on ..... 
Had a great weekend with my family .... 
Prayers for my grandbaby < PROPFEMALE > ..... She is in the hospital with a UTI . She is so scared of the nurses and doctors :( Hopefully coming home tomorrow 
Thanks everyone ! She is feeling a bit better , acting more like herself\ 
Doctor wont let hercome home until she drinks somewhat . She wont drink anything ; 
Her fever is down and she is getting restless eating a bit too . She is stubborn , wont take a sip of anything . 
< PROPFEMALE > coming home later today ; drinking a little so that is good ! Thanks everyone ! 
The countdown to Disney is on !!!!! We leave Friday !!!! Can't wait to have a blast with my sister !! 
Got home from Florida last night ...... Had a blast with my sister !!!! Missing the Mouse already !!! I think I will not recover physically for a month after all that walking !!!! Ohhhh my back !!! lol 
Modeling agency stopped < PROPFEMALE > yesterday , and told her < PROPFEMALE > has the look they need for magazine and product advertising ..... They loved her eyes and smile .... took her info .... 
Leaving soon to visit a friend I haven't seen in 17 years !!!! We will be up all night catching up !!! 
Been a week since last update .... life is busy ... Had a great visit with my friend < PROPFEMALE > last weekend .... can't wait to do it again .... could really get used to that hot tub of hers !!! 
Vegging on my bed ....... Ahhhhhh feels good 
thinks it's very interesting how people love to talk about you , but don't bother to talk to you ... how do they know what they are talking about ? Oh , they don't! 
It's been proven that memory sensors are located in your butt . If you don't believe me , get up to do something , forget what it was , then sit back down . See ? 
Everyone\ 
of us has 1000 wishes ... Cancer sufferers just one - to get well . I \ 
know that 97% won't copy this and post it as their status , but I also \ 
know , that my friends belong to the 3% who will .... at least for one \ 
hour ... In mem ... ory of all .. who died of cancer , who is fighting cancer\ 
...... ... or who beat cancer . 
One day I'm gonna make a website combining Youtube , Facebook , and Twitter and it will become YouTwitFace heehee 
FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE !! Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Had a great day yesterday decorating the tree ! The Holiday season is looking bright ! 
I want to buy a microwave bed ... 8 hours sleep in 30 minutes would make life so much easier ! 
Waiting for my sister to get here from Pittsburgh .... Family wedding tomorrow night .... woo hoo ..... Will be feeling no pain 
Thank you to all my FB friends and family for their birthday wishes !!!! 
How many Christmas songs can we name ? No duplicate songs and only 1 song per person . Let's go . I'll be first !........... Hark The Herald !! 
May everyone have a blessed holiday , Spend time with those you love ...... or if you are apart keep them in your heart ...... Love is the greatest gift of all 
Have you ever said things at the wrong moment ? Well it may take a long time to remove the foot from my mouth . Sorry to those involved in my drama tonight :( 
Learning to limit who I trust , unfortunately it comes down to only countable on 1 hand :( 
Learning to be okay with who I am 
life was a lot easier when the only pain was from falling down , the biggest gossip was who jumped the farthest off the swing set , and the only guy was daddy 
If I only had one more bird !!!! ( Angry birds obsessed ) 
Danced with my grandbaby < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFIRST > Beiber ......... Now that is love ! lol 
Prayers for my husband < PROPFIRST > .... 
Thanks to everyone's prayers and thoughts , < PROPFIRST > is home and on the mend :) 
