woke up with the worse headache !! Headache so bad it's makingme nausea ! :-( I need one of those shiatsu massages and a warm herbal bath . 

Always being true to myself & others ALWAYS ! ( 1 Corinthians 13:4 -10 / 1 Corinthians 13:13 ) 
EPHESIANS 4:25 -32 / EPHESIANS 5:6 -21 
weekend was TRULY BLESS AND HIGHLY FAVORED !!! TRULY THERAPUTIC !!! :-) 
Thank God that he has bless me and my love ones to make it thru another week to see Friday !! TGIF !!! 
NFL Eagles press conference with < PROPFIRST > Vick LIVE on NFL Network and NFL.com at approx . 11 am et on Friday . 
what a work day ! Not only was it challenging ... I have the worst sinus headache to go along with it !! Like what is really going on . I'm hungry and my head hurt too much to stand up and cook ! :_( 
food for thought if you have trust issues in ur relationship don't bring others into it unknowingly . Get your house in order !!! Nobody want to be apart of someone else DRAMA !!! 
feel like crap this morning ! WOW !!! No initiative to do some work ! HA I can really do with out this sinus headache .... fo real !! :( 
oooweee ... FB fam ... just had a quick scary moment ! here i am cooking up some breakfast & all of a sudden i hear a helicopter The sound of the copter kept getting louder & louder .. closer & closer to my home . So u know a sista cum running out the house cause i thought a copter was bout to hit my house . Low & bhold it was the military copter ... 3 of them mugs ... big MF flying too d ** low to my home !!! 
why does MV has a reality show coming out ? I mean come on now !!! It is too many reality shows on tv ! I guess he trying to cash in where he can . I ain't mad at him ! 
listening to me some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > this rainy morning ! There is nothing like old school music ! Good music that put a smile on yo face ! 
in the words of < PROPFIRST > Womack \when it's cold outside who r u holding ? \"" 
where in the world is my state tax refund ?! Anybody ?! Who has receive their state refund ? You know if it was the taxpayers who had been late with sending in their money we will have additional interest to pay up to our a** ! This don't make no sense !!! H ** it been so long I have forgot how much I suppose to get back ! 
now that I've recoop from yesterday SO CALL Football Game ... all I'm going to say is ... \Falcons need their ass whip !!! \ " WTH ?! What ... they fell a sleep with their eyes close on the field ?! DAMN !!! WHAT A GIVE A WAY GAME !!! " 
WHEW !!!! :) What a joyous and wonderful thanksgiving I had this past wkend ! Fun , laughter , eating GREAT FOOD FOOD FOOD , More laughter and spending time with my LOVE ONES That God has BLESS IN MY LIFE !!! You couldn't beat all that with a HOCKEY STICK ! Now back to work I go ! counting down for the xmas days off now !! ;) 
WHEW !!!! :) What a joyous and wonderful thanksgiving I had this past wkend ! Fun , laughter , eating GREAT FOOD FOOD FOOD , More laughter and spending time with my LOVE ONES That God has BLESS IN MY LIFE !!! You couldn't beat all that with a HOCKEY STICK ! Now back to work I go ! counting down for the Christmas days off now !! ;) 
Hav u ever delt w/pple who has their funny acting ways 2 the point u just say 2 yourself \f *** it\ " . One < PROPFEMALE > ute their in a good mood then next < PROPFEMALE > . they are in 1 of their funky moods from whatever misconstrued info they may think they know or have seen .. h *** may even woke up that way !? I sometime ask myself ... \ " Am I really the Ge < PROPFEMALE > i in this situation or if the person w/the funky mood is the Ge < PROPFEMALE > i ?! \"" 
will be cooking some Chinese Hot and Sour Soup today !!! mmmm :) That should feel good on my bones ! :)) 
Ok FB fam ... I need these Christmas cd's put out by these artist ... if they have a cd out ? < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Levert , Patti Labelle , < PROPMALE > Redding , Ojays , KC & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Mcknight and how can I not add to this collection .... 69 boys \12 Ghetto Days Of Christmas\ " I know my ATL peeps know about that ! LOL ;) " 
continues to be bless ! In a place in my life I've never experience ! It's such a joyous feeling !!!! :)) 
steak , bake potatoe and Pina Colada here I come ! :) 
wishing my FB Fam a safe and bless 2010 Happy New Year !! :) 
The time has came 2 get ur hearing in order . Alarm has sounded . What is the sign that u are waiting 4 ? The light has already turned green & u r clear to begin ur journey . Step away from the crowd . Separate ur self from the average pple who don't want anything other than what they have always had . U have been called out ... 2 make a difference . U have been called out 2 reclaim territory 4 God & live out ur < PROPFEMALE > . 
top of the freezing Good morning FB Fam !!!! BRRRR !! 
let see ... hmm .... I'm all confuse ! should I drink me some < PROPFEMALE > , mexican mudslide , pina colada , RussianKahlua or what ? I think I'm going to aim for the Russian Kahlua !!! Yum Yum !!!! Holla at ya FB Fam ! 
will NOT TOLERATE another year of dealing with HNIC when they do not have the common sense , the decency nor the respect to have the appreciative of all the things I have done/sacrifice for them !!! My < PROPFEMALE > , my understanding and tolerance level is out the window !!!! It's a new age/year and D *** SHO A NEW TENE !!! 
WITHOUT GOD our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday , Seven days without God - Makes one Weak ! ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status 
oprah interviewing Wyclef . He have some inside footage that no other media has . OMG !!! I can't imagine some pple in the US don't want to help the haitians !!! What goes around comes around !!! The US will one day need help from those who they choose not to help or delayed to help . 
Great things will come your way when you persist and endure what seems impossible 
OMG !!! .... LOL .... Just view some pict on Harrys photography FB site . You all know that was the spot when we was in high school in the ATL during the 80's and 90's . Too funny !!! Throw back yrs !!!! I look back on what we wore , the hair styles ... and even though it was the style then .... but now ...... lawd have mercy we look a hot mess with our styles ! However , we kept it tight fo sho !!! LOL 
FB is trippin !!! Man ... some things are posting and some are not . U get these error messages and crap ! Even trying to send messages on FB trippin ! FB NEED TO GET IT TOGETHER !!! 
back to work after a WONDERFUL/ PEACEFUL < PROPFIRST > weekend !! To answer your question trise ... my weekend was \BEAUTIFUL/PEACEFUL/WONDERFUL ! \"" 
FOX 5 Atlanta Football and brain damage . If you're the parent of a player , you need to watch FOX 5 special report . Tonight on FOX 5 News at 10pm after IDOL . 
is cleaning up her FB friend list today . For those who request my friend request but I NEVER ... and I do mean \NEVER\ " here from you .... nice seeing ya but \ " Holla at ya \"" 
had a busy and wild wind day ! With all said , I am glad to be off work and now I am about to unwind with a lil bit of grown folk beverage ! Hopefully tomorrow will be better ! 
having happiness in my life is a choice ! I choose to be happy ! In everything there are three things that you must do : pray , supplicate , and offer thanksgiving to God for delivering you out of the situation . 
“Peace ! Be still ! ” 
There's a REASON 4each SEASON ! God put us thru certain situations 2 make us stronger & better !! I AM A WORKING PROGRESS ! God is preparing me 4 GREATNESS !! POSITIVE MIND ... produce POSITIVE ACTIONS ... POSITIVE ACTIONS PRODUCE POSITIVE ATMOSPHERE ! 
having FAITH ! Speak it into existance & it will happen . If you can’ ! All things are possible for one who believes . < PROPFIRST > 9:23 Faith is the assurance of things hoped for , the conviction of things not seen . Hebrews 11:1 
Keep your life free from love of money , and be content with what you have , for he has said , \I will never leave you nor forsake you\ " Hebrews 13:5 " 
Progress , not perfection is all that is required ! Progress is the way , thinking or expecting perfection will keep you trying to measure up to others criteria for your life . NO ONE IS PERFECT ! WE ALL \A WORK IN PROGRESS \"" 
Progress , not perfection is all that is required ! 
How someone defines their self-worth ? Is it important to you that you are recognized for your work ? Does a compliment or acknowledgement send your confidence soaring ? Or do you need your closest love ones to appreciate you for who you are instead of who you could be , or who they want you to be ? 
Have u spoken today to encourage your listener ? What have you said today that allowed another to see that you are ‘thankful’ for what God has given you ? Have you used your tongue today to express why you appreciate or love the ones that are most important in your life ? Remember , Tomorrow is not promise ! Encourage , be thankful & always express your appreciation & love to the ones that are most important in your life . 
people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love . -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Nothing will work unless you do . -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
WATCHING OBAMA SPECIAL REPORT PER HEALTH CARE REFORM < PROPMALE > . 
I can be changed by what happens to me . but I refuse to be reduced by it . -- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
just took the \mypersonality\ " test ! its amazing how accurate they are when they are analyzing who you are . PRETTY COOL ! " 
\Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud . \ " — < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . -- Reinhold Niebuhr 
You cannot control the world outside , but you can choose what you will bring into yourself . If you do not see anything of value in your life , begin by finding one thing of beauty every day until it becomes a habit . -- < PROPMALE > Rathbun 
AHHH Yeah !! starting to feel like Spring/summer ! Finally we're starting to have some warm weather ! ;-) Time to come out of hybernation , put on your fave tunes and enjoy this beautiful weather that has been bless upon us ! Even tho I am suffering from allergies , I am still enjoying this weather ! Put on me some neo-soul , drink a lil bubbly and sit back and soak up some sun and warm weather ! 
Success is liking yourself , liking what you do , and liking how you do it . \ — < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
\a womans heart should be so hidden in Christ that a man should have to seek Him first to find her . \ " — < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
Living well is an < PROPMALE > that can b developed w/ luv of life & the ability 2 kno better , 2 do better . Take great pleasure in knowing the gift that the Lord has bless u , & know that the world owes u nothing & that every gift is exactly that , a gift . Take a bit of time 2 examine urself . When r u \most complete\ " ? Return 2 that place 2 regain the healthy sense of self that is so easily lost n our world of demand & activity . " 
Remember , you cannot get close to God without being blessed . You cannot stay in His presence long without being touched by His delivering hands . -- Bishop < PROPMALE > C . < PROPFIRST > 
\Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer . And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good . \ " — < PROPFEMALE > Angelou ( Celebrations : Rituals of Peace and Prayer ) " 
ok my FB fam , need suggestion on a nice weekend getaway . my b-day coming up and I'm trying to figure out where I can go for the weekend of my b-day that is not #1 -long drive to get there #2 - that will provide a peaceful and beautiful weekend . Any suggestions ? 
exhausted and can't sleep ! :-( 
It's surprising how many persons go through life without ever recognizing that their feelings toward other people are largely determined by their feelings toward themselves , and if you're not comfortable within yourself , you can't be comfortable with others 
\to know me is to go through Christ \"" 
I just read this on the outside bullentin board at the church across from my subdivision ...... \Dusty bibles lead to dirty lives \"--- LOVE IT !!! \ 
.... ATTENTION !!!! there is a NEW\ 
PRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with\ 
REAL TALK :\ 
some of us may learn from our past/ past experience ; however , the trick is ..... LETTING GO of your past or your past experiences ; otherwise , you will not be able to APPRECIATE your present nor your future ! Let go and Let God ! 
Don't settle 4 less . live ur day as ur last , 4 ur 2morrow is not promise 2 u ! all work & no play leave a dull ...... 
I give up !! 
Woo hoo ! I'm gettin closer & closer 2 see another bday ! I'm like fine wine , I only get better w/ time :-) . thank u Jesus 4 helping & guiding me where I am & who i am 2day ! Wouldn't exchange that 4 nothing ! May the Lord keep blessing me . :-) 
Every moment of my life is a rebirth ..... \ 
\ 
Getting older allow me to be more sexy , more confident /less concerns of what others think of me , more happier in my own skin , , more peace with myself , to be smarter , sharper and stronger , to stop worrying about seeking approval from others , & to be free to live my life how I want to . \ 
One can remain alive long past the usual date if one is unafraid of change . 
You cannot speak what you do not know . You cannot share what do not feel . You cannot translate what you do not have . And you cannot give what you do not possess . To give it and to share it , and for it to be effective , you first need to have it . Good communication starts with good preparation . 
We make assumptions when we don't understand a situation . It's a natural reaction 2 immediately fill n any missing info by making up our own story . We do this bcause we try 2 make sense of pple & situations . Problem with this is , most time our story is incorrect which causes all kinds of problems . The fact is , u make assumptions , u make an ass out of urself . We all want know what the truth is unless we ask . -- S . < PROPMALE > 
talk to God when nothing is going wrong . That way when you do speak to God when something is going wrong , you don't have to make any introduction of yourself . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
who turn the temp outside on \HELL\ " ?!!! \ 
Forever evolving into a better \ME\ " ! Count down to my \ " REBIRTH\ " . Woo hoo !!!! \ 
I like to send a special SHOUT OUT to all my peeps who thought of me and bless me with extra blessings on my Special rebirth ( b-day) ! You all know who u are & THANK YOU SOOO MUCH !!!! ;-)) 
I'm sleepy as heck but im going 2 try 2 start my day off w/ a morning walk 
Ok my girl < PROPFEMALE > brought me 2 tears w/ her dedication 2 my all time fave artist \PRINCE\ " ! OMG ... " 
woman is the < PROPFEMALE > of creation . I am woman but always a lady ! 
missing my grandma immensely !!! :_( \ 
Woke up this morning saying 2 myself \2morrow has never been promise 2 me or any 1\ " \ 
Ephesians 4:29 \ 
Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths , but only such as is good for building up , as fits the occasion , that it may give grace to those who hear . 
watching < PROPMALE > Bellamys \who got jokes\ " and they know they are wrong for having < PROPFIRST > Gill on there singing ! \ 
Let love be genuine . Abhor what is evil ; hold fast to what is good . - Romans 12:9 
Fb Fam , best believe what you do in the dark , will come to light ! \ 
The kick in the back of your head is , think about those you may be hurting in the process while you do what you do in the dark . 
\Only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our control . \"" 
We either make ourselves happy or miserable . The amount of work is the same . Ask yourself , which amount of work will you rather work ? 
Steak , crowder peas & bake potatoe 4 dinner . Sure was delish ! 
All happy people are grateful . Ungrateful people cannot be happy . We tend to think that being unhappy leads people to complain , but it’s true to say that complaining leads to people becoming unhappy . --- \ 
A joyful heart is good medicine , but a crushed spirit dries up the bones . - Proverbs 17:22 
Heat Index today 100-104 degrees ! Oh Lord !!! \ 
FB fam .... please be safe in this heat . Also , check on your elders , whether it be your elder neighbor , elder friend or elder family member . Make sure that they are taken care of and being cool during this hottt season . 
Sometime just doing something for someone \JUST BECAUSE\ " WILL MAKE A PERSON HEART SMILE AND DAY GO BETTER ! \ 
EXCUSES IS A FORM OF LAZINESS . LAZINESS LEADS TO FAILURE ..... 
Strictly speaking ..... No value in raising our voices 
He who belittles and despised his neighbor lacks sense , but a man of understanding keeps silent . He who goes about as a talebearer reveals secrets , but he who is trustworthy and faithful in spirit keeps the matter hidden . -- Proverbs 11:12 -13 
If you are distressed by anything external , the pain is not due to the thing itself , but to your own control of it ; and this you have the power to change at any moment . -- \Let Go and Let God \"" 
I'm bored bored bored out my mind LEFT here w/Nothing 2 do . Hmm what a girl 2 do when LEFT 2 boredem . no kid & freedom . hmm 
When u set out 2 purposely do something 2 some1 just 4 the sake of being spiteful u only end up kicking ur own ass ! & Whats worse , u end up as the loser . \don't block ur blessing \"" 
Joy does not simply happen to us . We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day . 
By finding your spiritual peace and excepting peace into your world , you will soon see how your life will start to come full circle 
Be grateful to enjoy your life and be happy . Really enjoying your life begins with being grateful for everything you already have and not wishing you had more . Look around yourself and think about everything that you are grateful for . 
just got through listening to the song \you save me\ " by < PROPMALE > Chesney . Wow !! that is a BEAUTIFUL song . " 
how is it a 15yr old can wake up with an attitude ? Do they have bills to pay ? Do they have to get up and work 40 plus hrs a week ? Boy I tell u , teens have NO IDEA what is waiting for them once they hit the adult world ! 
Practice being in the moment to enjoy your life . Happiness is all about choice and time . The ability to enjoy your life is being in the moment and really soaking it up . When you feel happy or excited about a moment , don't stifle those feelings in any way . Our lives happen moment by moment . Allow yourself to be happy . It is ultimately up to you . 
Start being happy now . It's a choice . No matter how you feel it's a choice . Do you want to be sad all the time or mad or just be happy ? For every minute of sadness , complaint and anger you lose sixty seconds of happiness . 
Know yourself and be honest with yourself and love yourself -- first ! Only then can you truly appreciate and love someone else . 
30 plus years I've relied heavily upon my sense of reasoning and logic . Thankfully , I chose to shift my approach to life and gradually learned to be guided by my intuitive nature . Today , I consciously operate in ' The Flow . ' I avoid analyzing and dissecting most of the time ... which brings me more happiness than I've ever known . 
The beginning of security is learning to laugh at yourself , realizing that no one is perfect . Always be a first-rate version of yourself , instead of a second-rate version of somebody else . If God had wanted U otherwise , He would have created U otherwise . 
complaining is a waste of time . It is a grown up version of whining .. The key to enjoying life is in how we react to the events and mishaps in our daily lives . If U keep running into the same problem , stop and think ... could it be me that's the issue and not the other person at hand 
enjoying a Well deserve 3 days off and Letting no one take that joy ! \ 
FB fam ... u all have the same joyful weekend and holla at ya next week ! I'm out ...... 
found out that a fam has cross over 2 be w/ our Lord Savior . 2 my Rogers fam , I know we never lose the pple we luv . Because they live within our hearts . Know that when some1 u luv becomes a memory , the memory becomes a treasure . & even though we have this unfortunate loss which leaves a heartache no 1 can heal , luv leaves a memory no 1 can steal . My heart and prayers goes out 2 my Rogers fam during this difficult loss 
For each anger leaves you less than what you were before . It's an emotion that takes away your peace of mind . Anger lives only in the unwise heart . It's an emotion of choice , that is the enemy of correct understanding . If not restrained , it's more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it . He who angers you conquers you . 
Celebrate the happiness that family & friends are always giving , make every day a holiday and celebrate just living ! 
\Positive thinking will let you do everything better \ 
The dependence of dreams produces the highest form of living . Dreams give us focus , sustain us through tough times , refresh us when we are weary , and refuse to allow us to become complacent during the times of success . Let no one steal your dreams .... 
My FB Brothers and Sisters , help me understand ... if possible . Why we as african americans , for the most part .... but not all of us , have the unwillingness to want to know our family heritage ? 
If you love life , life will love you back . 
GOD PUT YOU THRU THINGS SO HE CAN GET YOU WHERE HE WANTS YOU TO BE . ALL UR TRIALS AND TIBULATION IS A PLAN FOR HIM TO GET YOU TO A HIGHER BEING . 
Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another . Forgive as the Lord forgave you . --- Colossians 3:13 
A woman blossoms fully in an atmosphere of praise and adoration , but she wilts and dies in the presence of perpetual silence or criticism . 
Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you . Let not your heart be troubled , neither let it be afraid . \ < PROPFIRST > 14:27 " 
' Say not in grief ' he is no more ' but live in thankfulness that he was'---Hebrew proverb 
Celebrating 90 years since the ratification of the 19th Amendment , guaranteeing women the right to vote ! woo hoo 
The greatest weakness of most of us , is our hesitancy to tell others how much we love them while they're alive . Cease the moment , tell your friends and fam that you \love them\ " \ 
lead by example , mean what you say and say what you mean 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I . wonder .. what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I cou ......... ld ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
Oprah know she's 1 bad mama jamma . she announce on her last season primiere that she's taking all 300 of her audience 2 australia ! & < PROPFIRST > travolta will be their pilot to get them there . All i can say is DANG ! 
loving some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > music !!! 
Not good @ all . i can't sleep ! R u kidding me ! :-( 
It's all about \Will Power\ " . Having the \ " Will Power\ " to make the time and energy to do what all needs to be done . \ 
COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS , NOT YOUR PROBLEMS ! 
get rid of your pride before you have to swallow it 
TGIF ! enjoying a breakfast plate of cheese Grits and fish ! yummmmy ! \ 
I should be able to have a productive work day now . 
retrievable vacation where < PROPMALE > thou ?! \ 
Lord knows I need one ........ 
Good game falcons showing out ! OT time , rise up birds 
HOORAH ! Falcons ... Falcons ... Falcons ... whats that I see .... FALCONS ! 27/24 ... HOORAH !! 
Animosity is created in your own heart . If you can deal with your own reaction and take responsibility for it , no step is more productive . 
Help me understand something FB FAM , Where do these kids TODAY have the notion that we ( parents / adults ) have to owe them something ?! \ 
I really need someone to explain that bull to me , REALLY ! \ 
Calling out all experience older parents on my FB friend list , Calling out my Fb Friends who not to long enter into the Adult world . \ 
ANYBODY ON MY FB FRIEND LIST PLEASE HELP ME WITH THE ANSWER ?? 
Look at it this way ...... The fact that there's still a struggle means you haven't lost the battle . Keep fighting ! ---- Ron Carpenter Jr 
DON'T LOSE TRACK OF WHATS IMPORTANT IN LIFE ! KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE PRIZE ! 
Sometimes , things happen in life . Weeds spring up that we didn’t have anything to do with . The key is to keep the right attitude and keep focusing on the goodness of God . When these unexpected challenges happen , we can say , “It’s just another weed . I didn’t sow it . I don’t have to reap it . ” Then we can keep the door open for God to move on our behalf . ---- Sheila E . 
In Rememberance : HAPPY B-DAY to my grandma < PROPFEMALE > Borders ( aka MOMMA ) . For without her WISE TEACHINGS pass on to two generations of kids , I wouldn't be who I am today . Always loving you and missing you ! --- R . I . P Momma 
Our words have creative power . When we speak either good or bad , we are giving life to what we are saying . Too many people go around saying negative things about themselves , their family , and their future . You cannot talk defeat and expect to have victory . You can’t talk lack and expect to have abundance . Choose to use your words to bless others and receive God's blessing in your own life in return . --- Sheila E 
Whodayhoo ! Falcons ... benchwarmers ... & alot of trash talk ! Lets go falcons lets go !! 
Dang ! whats that i see flyin in at high speed to be the best NFC SOUTH football team ? Dem DIRTY BIRDS THAT WHO I SEE !! Great game 4 my birds 
There should be a lot of Love & laughter in a family . Love & laughter holds a family 2gether . 
When you know better , You do better ! --- Maya < PROPFIRST > 
For every minute of anger you lose sixty seconds of happiness ! Let GO and Let GOD ! 
We Live and Learn . The purpose of life , is to live it , to taste experience to the utmost , to reach out eagerly and without fear for a newer and richer experience . 
Today is the tomorrow that you worried about yesterday !. Was it worth it ? 
FB Fam together we came too far , Don't let us move backwards ! Lets get out and \ 
Vote ! Vote ! Vote ! \ 
Early voting : going on now \ 
Voting Election day : November 2 
Good game ! Falcons showed out ! Dirty birds showing the haters why they are going to be the top contenders in nfl south region . YES SIRRR 
Thinking positively is always better than thinking negatively , and it will put you in a better frame of mind to accept what is going on around you . 
Trick or Treat Smell my feet Give me something Good to eat If you don't I don't care ....... \ 
Happy Halloween FB Fam ! Have a safe one . 
FB Fam Start this month on a good note and STOP COMPLAINING ! Be grateful for the little things that mean so much . \ 
Thank you Lord for peace , joy , and most of all your love . Without you where would I be ? You are so faithful ! 
FEELING GOOD ! I hear my Lord speaking to me this morning . It feel < PROPFEMALE > GOOD to hear what he is saying to me at this moment . GOD HAS A PLAN FOR ME . IT IS FAR GREATER THEN WHAT ANY MERE MAN HAS IN STORE FOR ME . \ 
To know me you MUST go through Christ ; otherwise , you will NEVER know who I am and where I am destine to go . 
God doesn't give you what you want , God gives you according to who you are . Change who you are to change your life . 
Everyone has inside of them a piece of good news . The good news is you don't know how great you can be ! How much you can Love ! What you can accomplish ! And what your potential is ! What's your good news today ? 
Encouraging words motivate positive behavior . Condemning words stifle effort . When you encourage the effort your spouse or child gives—no matter how small that effort is—you reinforce that positive behavior . If you condemn or criticize , they will be less likely to give you any loving effort in the future . 
Acknowledging your flaws allow u 2 improve yourself 2 be a better self . Mistakes are a fact of life . It is the response 2 error that counts . U must be big enough 2 admit your mistakes , smart enough 2 profit from them , & strong enough 2 correct them . -- For we all stumble in many ways . And if anyone does not stumble in what he says , he is a perfect man , able also to bridle his whole body . < PROPFIRST > 3:2 
If we're always looking in the rear view mirror it's hard to keep our eyes on the road ahead . 
Life is too short , grudges are a waste of perfect happiness . Laugh when you can , apologize when you should , and let go of what you can't change . Love deeply and forgive quickly . Take chances , give everything . Have no regrets . Life is too short to be unhappy , you have to take the good with the bad . 
Humor and playfulness helps you stay healthy and young . We don't stop playing because we grow old ; we grow old because we stop playing . --- A joyful heart is good medicine , but a crushed spirit dries up the bones . Proverbs 17:22 
Do not repay evil with evil or insult with insult , but with blessing , because to this you were called so that you may inherit a blessing . -- 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:9 
Smile and Laugh it'll increase your face value ! 
It's difficult to give what you don't have . You have to take care of yourself first—and then you can take care of others . - < PROPFEMALE > TURNER 
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have . \ 
Be thankful ! 
The single greatest thing you can do to change your life today would be to start being grateful for what you have right now . And the more grateful you are , the more you get . \ -- OPRAH WINFREY " 
But what comes out of the mouth proceeds from the heart , and this defiles a person . -- Matthew 15:18 
To all My FB Friends who choose to Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood in support for a fight against child abuse . \ 
I am loving the choice of pictures . :-) It Bring back fond memories ! \ 
The goal is 2 not see a human face on facebook until Monday , December 6th . However , I am choosing to go a whole month . 
Genuinely love yourself first and you will be able to love others genuinely as the lord aspects us to ! -- \ 
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant or rude . It does not insist on its own way ; it is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing , but rejoices with the truth . -1 Corinthians 13:4 -13 
I'm not your ordinary chick . I am most definately 1 of a kind . -- 4 I am fearfully & wonderfully made . Wonderful are your works ; my soul knows it well . My frame wasn't hidden from U , when I was being made in secret , intricately woven in the depths of the earth . Your eyes saw my unformed substance ; in your book were written , every1 of them , the days that were formed 4 me , when as yet there was none of them . Psalm 139:14 -16 
Joy is a fruit of the Spirit . It comes from within & not from external conditions . We experience joy of the Lord regardless of our circumstances . Joy is dependent on our relationship w/ Christ . The world persuade us that joy is in material possessions , worldly achievements , & social status . True joy comes from the knowledge that we R saved thru the death & resurrection of Christ Jesus . 
Who say dem birds aint goin 2 the playoffs ? #1 . We whippin dem ( s ) aints azz , #2 . Dem Birds heading off 2 the playoffs !! 
Create a space within yourself and your living environment for < PROPFEMALE > , self-love and joy . Giving thanks , prayer and blessing , the abundance in your life and of the world around you helps . 
Remember don't block your blessings ! You never know who it may come from or where it may come from . 
Love is JOY , PEACE , < PROPFEMALE > , FORGIVENESS , KINDNESS , GOODNESS , FAITHFULNESS , COURTESY , CONSIDERATION , SUPPORT , UNDERSTANDING , RESPECT . \ 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -7 says it all . Read , Comprehend , Live and be true with it ! \ 
Because my Bible tells me so . 
Remember this < PROPFEMALE > rule : you can choose to be happy or you can choose to be right all the time . Ask yourself , whats more important ! 
Relationship Thought Part 1 “You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh , but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry and work hard at not being the one that causes the tears . MMMmmmm Think about it . -A < PROPMALE > Sapp Motivational Moment 
I would like to thank those who have love me for me inspite of . You all help guide me with your wisdom , patient and UNWAVORING JUDGEMENT ! For that , without the help of the Lord and you all , I wouldn't be the better person I am today . U know who you are , I thank you ! -- NEW YR , NEW BEGINNING , BETTER ME 
. \Dogs Don't Bark at Parked Cars\ " . figure it out . " 
trying to conserve my energy ; however , it's not working ! I calculate i will be out for the count ( tired as **** by this afternoon ) . :-( \ 
Mothers need a weekly spa getaway and a maid !!!!!! 
Be careful in what you say and do out of anger . It can come back and bite you in the ass ! 
Trying 2 b cute , yet i'm freezing my butt off ! lets go FALCONS , LETS GO ! :-) 
When we complain we are saying we do not have the power to make a difference in the situation and we make ourselves small ... we become part of the problem instead of the solution ! Take action to make the situation better & live bigger\ --- < PROPFEMALE > White ( pastor ) " 
The person who is most slow in making a promise is the one who is most faithful in the performance of it . Don’t rush it . Let it happen and no one will get hurt . THINK ABOUT IT .... 
