I am dreading travel tomorrow ... do not want the same fiasco to follow the trip out . At least I dont have a phone to lose 

Back at home ... flight in was 1 hr 45 < PROPFEMALE > late 
Supposedly I am NO LONGER TRAINING at LAfitness . I just found out from some of my Kick ass clients .... way to treat your employees . I think I am moving on . FUCK LAFITNESS in the ass . FUCK ALL OF THEM . < PROPFEMALE > we have some ppl that need to lose their jobs .... 
I AM NOT HAPPY 
it is a good thing i overslept . 
FYI ... NEW phone is working now ... feel free to call ... NEW kickass G1 phone ... same lame number . 
Meeting the \LOVELY PERSON\ " that is my a guy that thinks he is my boss ... at one . " 
Loves his new phone .... 
I wish that I could be the person I am a day after the shit hits the fan , while the shit is hitting the fan . 
I have a question .... if ignorance is bliss . Do the ignorant still suffer ? Or does one need to be awake to see their suffering ? If so , then why cant we all be ignorant and blissful ? 
is looking for a new job .... bring it on . 
Working hard at being better . 
I think I may be done with FB for a while .... at least till I get back to LA . Besides tending my farms that is . 
FYI ... I got a call back after emailing 2 resumes . The call back was an hour later . Gold's Gym ... Hollywood . 
Sadly < PROPFEMALE > has left facebook ... I may soon follow . 
Has not had coffee in over 24 hours .... waiting for the headaches 
Saw a female Wild Turkey in my mom's front yard ... went to go look at it and saw 12 little baby turkeys following her around . I tried to Record it and post it , but Phone camera does not zoom while filming . 
Really has to take a pic of the sunset here and post it . Best EVER . 
Is so freaking BORED ... 2k < PROPMALE > from his gf . 2k < PROPMALE > from everything he has known for almost 2 years . In a house ... nowhere to go . 
feels the night embracing him ... 
Truly enjoys gifts in weird packaging . 
Has no access to his games ... his farms are going to fall into ruin . On a 64-bit comp till I come home . Flash is not supported on 64-bit systems . 
I am back in LA ... looking for a job and reconnecting .... I have a back up plan this time ... Just In Case . 
Can't get over UPS opening my bike box , searching the contents and just throwing the shit back in the box then taping over where I taped ... pedals , tools , etc .... OH YEAH ... and my $1500 one of a kind , powder-coated painted frame ... has paint missing due 
I just went to Equinox today for a Trainer Open House . < PROPFIRST > the Fitness Manager called me back in 4 hours , after I left . I have my 2nd Interview on Monday at 1030 ... so excited . 
I have done some soul searching as of late ... due to my personal Protein requirements , and the side effects of eating Soy and being a Man . For the first time in 20 years I have made a decision .... I need to incorporate Tuna into my diet . If you need any 
Off to my interview ... well getting ready now 
Wishes things were easier , but alas they cannot and will not until a change is made . change = fear and fear = normal , so why not change ? Too scary , too hard . Too easy to stay put . 
Just had a VERY impromptu interview with Bodies in Motion .... for the Arroyo location , in Pasadena . Who is coming when I get the Job ? 
Imagine having a Bacterial Infection .... then adding the Flu on top of it . Well that is what our new 3 month old kitten is dealing with . Due to the extra Love and care from his Vet and a ton of attention and diligence from his parents he is looking good . 
Does < PROPMALE > have to like everything < PROPFEMALE > posts on Facebook ? 
Going to watch another NEW Horror movie recently added to our collection .... 
Trying to deal with UPS on my damaged bike issue . They want pics for the claim . They are trying to deliver the package to an address in Michigan . The return address was our address . They do not have any available info on what to do in that situation . 
Got an Audition tomorrow at Bodies in Motion .... my foot is in the door . As a few of you know , my workouts speak for themselves . 
Well .... I got it and he will be rather sore tomorrow . He seemed surprised I would jump on a weak spot . Especially since I have never met him . I kind of got the feeling people usually take it easy on him . I will let everyone know when I start and the cost 
Hates how life throws you a big fuck you just as things are moving forward , in the right direction . 
To thine ownself be true ..... 
Ok .... what can a angry , intimidating and strong as hell MOFO do for a job in Los < PROPFEMALE > ? Geeeee I wonder . 
Loving our new Wii .... We just need to wait for Resorts ... and get the Wii fit . 
Actually taking a break from the Wii ... Watching the story behind the TCM inspiration . 
Time for Wii Sports ... boxing . 
has TWO interviews tomorrow . Yes 2 .... One @ Bodies in Motion , Century City(80's SoCal punk rocker hell ) the next for Gold's Downtown ... 
Well tell me to pull a muscle .... starting on my long day of interviews . 
Onto the 2nd leg of my day .... after that a journey to LAX . No rest for the terminally carefree .... or person that focuses on life instead of work . 
To All my Nitrous ppl and all my future Nitrous ppl ... send me gifts if you feel so inclined . Thanks a lot in advance ... I appreciate it . 
is contemplating a serious business move .... 
Starts the day Sleepy and hating the fire in Azusa .... not making it easy . But at least I am alive and loved . 
hates that he has to show his cats that they have food and they dont need to harass me all the time . 
I was just showing < PROPFEMALE > that Pumpkin plays with a stolen basting brush . We dont bbq , the neighbors do .... hint , hint . He grabs it with his mouth ... and either bats at it with his paws or flings it . Of course he stopped just when I got my phone ready to record it . 
OKay if you like ground breaking horror movies ... go see H2 ... if you like watching Quientin Tarantino earning a too high wage for a slow ass pseudo action movie .... see Inglorious Basterds . The latter did not live up to the HYPE . 
is contemplating changing my name .... to Mat Black .... LOL not kidding . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Meeting with an Invention Marketing firm on Tuesday ... Some of you know why ... < PROPFEMALE > is supporting me on this . I am nervous . 
thinks his blood pressure is rising ... due to all the Political Conversations ... Why dont we talk about Religion now so I can EXPLODE . 
is Brainstorming .... to figure out a way to start a Gym that employs only committed , respectful and honest messed up people as Personal Trainers . The clientele would be the same . Especially catering to those that would NEVER enter a Gym or Health club . Need to make it cool , exciting and accepting of all . 
is a forgetful butthead 
is FREAKING JAZZED .... 
is having problems with his Apps 
is wondering WTF is wrong with FB . I cant see any of my friends ' older posts ... not even from this AM 
Hates when the Honeydew melon in the fridge freezes .... have lost too many others that way . 
wonders if he is the comment killer ? Very usual for me to be the person to make the last comment . 
Running to get last minute items for the trip .... was watching Survivorman , to help < PROPFEMALE > get inspired .... LOL 
I have a question ... a deep question .... How would you handle the stress of Immortality ? Would you see it as Stressful ? In my mind , the suffering would be increased exponentialy . Here is the real question .... If Immortallity was option at birth , would you take it ? 
WOOOO to all of FB , I will be back late next Tuesday . ROAD TRIP ! 
Saw another cat in the house . Was half asleep . It scurried down the Ash chute in our Fireplace . 
So yeah , FINALLY , got that unknown cat out of our house last night . When we came home last night , he was in one of the front windows . Like he lived there . He used our couch as a litter box and ate our kid's food . Not sure why he came in .... he comes in again we will trap him and take him to the pound . 
Okay ... here is a question to all my Firends . Mostly the Gaming ones .... I am having a HUGE problem with my Apps . THey will not load up properly and get redirected ... or they just stop . Has anyone had this issue ? IF so how do I fix it . If not ... anyone have any ideas ? 
is starting to hate CA ... for causing my asthma . 
is starting to hate FB .... for restricting my entertainment . 
hates hearing crickets when I post .... I am the Stream of Consciousness Killer . 
loves the simple things ... like a beautiful kitten curled up next to me and drinking strong muddy coffee with peppermint gum in your mouth . Only one thing would make this nicer .... < PROPFEMALE > sitting beside me . 
bids adieu for the night ..... 
One thing that has bothered me about the Dread Xmas , since my Dread b'day and much of my Baptismal abuses are snuggled up next to it . I never found too much JOY from the gift giving . 
So ... Xmas how do I not love thee ? Why do most people , of my generation , DISLIKE December ? Two things .... 1 ) the depravity that so many of us endured , so that our \Baby boomer\ " parents could release some tension . 2 ) the RAMPANT commercialism that has run amuck and completely decimated a ONCE great Hollyday . " 
Change is in the air .... more than the weather .... more than the seasons . 
is getting frustrated with the search .... stay tuned for more . Shush for those that know . 
2 years ago today I met the most incrdible woman . Who knew that woman would end up being my lifelong P.I.C. ? Yeah , yeah for those that say 2 years , big deal .... pffffffftbbb . 
FB dont like me today . 
Not liking the NEW FB setup 
FB is fucked up right now ... nothing is working right . One would think FB would work out the kinks before they change something . 
I love this shit that is happening in FB ... I have things from a week ago mixed in with things from a few minutes ago .... and in NO disceernable order . 
Break out the winter clothing CA residents ... it may get to a freezing 45 degrees . LMAO ... 
So ok ... WTF with the gas prices ? Yesterday I filled the tank and paid $2.999 for regular . Today , < PROPFEMALE > tells me that she saw the price posted at $3.599 . I remember when I was a kid , driving age , and gas was $ . 75 . It was that price for weeks on end . Now it changes daily and hourly . 
BORED ! < PROPFEMALE > is on her way to Seattle then to Chicago . What to do for 5 days ? 
Is sad that he has to miss the anniversary of the birth of his son , Seren Abner . This is the first time I have not been able to see one of my kids on their b'days . Damn economy ! 
tries to remember that he needs to realize he is in a relationship with < PROPFEMALE > , compassion and forgiveness ... NO MATTER what the reason , that is forcing me to put these aside . There is a reason for everyone and everything ... even if it is not going my way . 
is VERY pissed off ... < PROPFEMALE>'s company is allowing insurance coverage for same sex partners ... and husbands or wives . Not opposite sex partners . The fucking idiots . This will be heard ... 
K FB is messed up , not working right ... AGAIN 
is REALLY feeling good after the workout I just had . Getting better , stronger and faster . 
has had an interesting day , today . Went to breakfast in Glendale . Saw Jesus ( aka Manny ) at the Trader < PROPFIRST>'s in Glendale . Then , on the way home saw < PROPFEMALE > , in fell regalia , driving his white , convertible < PROPFEMALE > . Talk about your Hollyday spiriy . 
Where did my Apps bookmarks go . 
loves his genetic combinations .... they work for me . 
Sooooo , Why is it that the Family that , \loves you more than anyone else\ " expresses their love of you by doing the MOST VILE things to you . " 
is enjoying a few of his Mom's homemade cookies ... It is amazing that I can get a box sent a few days ago , from Michigan , and a letter sent to me in August delivered in the same month . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... showing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > the ropes on being a legend ... on G4 . The Way of the Dragon ... watch as < PROPMALE > is beaten for the first and last time . 
GAAAAAAH ! 
Despite my mood and situation ... I wish you ALL a fucking awesome New Year . Grab your Love and squish them ... 
I changed what I am going to call myself ... in relation to a message that was sent to a good friend . \ 
In the Sea of Drawings allow me to be the Sculptor to create a new sculpture , of you , from the drawing that you have in your head . \ 
\ 
There are 2 meanings behind that . Let's see who stands in the Sea . 
Being a Master Fire builder ... in the wood-burning stove ... helps when it is almost in the single digits here . 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour .... 
There is no greater feeling of guilt then seeing your Love get sick ... because you were not resolute enough to protect them . After 3 weeks of having this cold ... < PROPFEMALE > gets it when I am wrapping things up . 
So excited to use my new toy tomorrow ... doing legs with my TRX .... WOOOOO . If I did not intimidate people in my gym already ... now I am bringing a new fangled contraption . 
My fine is $550 , a drop in the bucket ... since I consider myself much more reserved than I was while I was in my 20's . Which is when most of the fining happened . 
At this time I would like to bring a little levity into FB ... everything seems to be morose and depressing ... too much bad news spoils the FB . 
DLing a ton of new music for my Ipod ... < PROPMALE > for some of the choices < PROPFEMALE > . Others are old friends that were on tape ... EWWWWW TAPE . 
wonders why people always look so sweet and innocent when they sleep ... even when they are not very sweet and innocent in their waking life . I am , also , curious as to how and why people wake up in bad moods ... even after a good night's sleep . 
wonders what is the respectful way to tell Jesus ' buddies , the ones that knock on your door every week , that you are Buddhist and wont subscribe to their beliefs ? Oh yeah ... how does one keep them from coming to our house ? 
Weeee SHOULDERS !!!!!!! 
Get ready for more snow East Coasters . We are getting dumped on today . 
by the gods ... how does someone find a good CMT in LA ? I am tired of being the only CMT that is capable of working on myself . ISO ... an expert at deep tissue and or myofascial release . 
Early morning trip to LAX ... < PROPFEMALE > is leaving to Chicago ... for way too long . 
Ode to a Status Killer ... 
2 Crazies going to see the Crazies . 
Talk about your MANLY afternoon ... Fight Club ... then Enter the Dragon . Not on Spike either . 
is NOT in a good mood . Too tired to go and workout ... too pissed off not to work out . NOT capable of going to the Gym and \just phoning\ " in a workout . CRAAAAAAANKY ! " 
Just loves the fact that < PROPFEMALE>'s sister is trying to break us up . All because I sent her a message telling her that I DID NOT like that she was disrespectful to < PROPFEMALE > , by telling her she could be so much more beautiful ... if she looked like a NORMAL person . She , also , thinks I am the ANGRIEST man on the Planet . Even though she does not know a thing about me . For those that know me ... laff all you want . 
Is it me , or has FB seemed to have slowed down ? Meaning ... not as much activity as before . 
I am remembering a funny line I heard from a badly acted movie ... < PROPFEMALE > Strassman . Some people are doing a reality show ... they are marooned on an island and a hurricane is approaching . There is NO WAY to get off the island and they are all facing death . < PROPFEMALE > Strassman's character says this ... \Who do I have to fuck to get off of this island ? \ " I ROFLMAO ... like screwing someone would save just her . " 
I have 4 hours before I need to pick < PROPFEMALE > up from LAX ... \red eye\ " from PR . " 
Remembering being in CA only 6 months and being the first person to stop at the scene of and accident on the 110 . Sprinting to a < PROPFIRST > on it's side , the driver in shock ... his hand hanging from his wrist . Blood all over . Yelling at < PROPFEMALE > to stay away ... Flipping the < PROPFIRST > over by myself as a nursing student ran up .... like it was yesterday . Nobody stopped till we did ... 100's of cars drove by . 
Ok ... why do I have an ad , focused on my profile , that asks if I am ' Concerned about Steroids' ? Are they assuming something ? 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me I am just as good-looking as Saw Worthington . I have better eyebrows and a better < PROPFEMALE > and jaw . Either way ... we are both excellent example of the Warrior Male Archetype ... WOOOO HOOOOO ! 
I cannot believe it .... as masculine as he is . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is gay ? The World has gone to hell . 
T minus 2 1/2 hours till on the road to VEGAS ! First time for me ... First vacation since last October's Oregon Roadtrip . < PROPFEMALE > is happy ... no camping this time . 
Ok ... I just had my life in the 80's flash before my eyes . I just found out that they have remade Red < PROPFEMALE > . Are remaking < PROPFIRST > , Short Circuit , Conan the Barbarian , Highlander and last and definitely least ... Baywatch . I think Hollywood needs some new blood ... or at least a transfusion of new thinking . 
One must be open to change , unless one is perfect in every way . 
Going back to < PROPFIRST > town for the first time since I left in ' 99 . I know a lot has changed ... going to wander a look for old friends . 
Ooof , I am reading Scar Tissue . I cannot believe a person survived that ... and not just continued to live , but broke molds . < PROPFIRST > Kiedis ... RESPECT . 
I am remembering our recent jaunt to LV ... High point ... We got Catman and < PROPFIRST > stuffed toys . Low point ... < PROPMALE > was packed in to tightly ... and < PROPMALE > was too big for the Crane to lift him . < PROPMALE > was like 2 ' long and the other boys were about 8\ to 10\ " . < PROPFIRST > and Cartman are proudly displayed on our Buddha stand . " 
I hate getting emails about P90X ... FFS ... If anyone wanted to lose weight and get fit , this way ... they should have come to me about 20 years ago . I have been using Muscle Confusion on myself for longer than < PROPFIRST > Horton has been a Trainer . 
Something I ate is NOT agreeing with my stomach ... 
Going to workout ... then pick up < PROPFEMALE > from LAX ... FUN ... sarcasm on the latter activity . 
WTF FB has been logging me out . 
almost 11 am and ... STILL NO COFFEE INSIDE MY BELLY . Very lazy today . 
Happy Mom's day to all of you Mothers out there ... enjoy the company of family today . 
Death and destruction due to improper maintenance ... Probably to save a < PROPMALE > or 2 . 
Why do I keep getting ads on FB for LGBT stuff ? 
all the children were bundled all snug in their bed , with visions of punk rock shows dancing in their heads .... 
Wooohooo ... today is a good day ... going to Knott's < PROPFIRST > Farm with < PROPFEMALE > ... going to ride ROLLER COASTERS ! 
Gotta love Allergies ... I sneezed so hard I tore some Intercostal muscles and may have broken a rib . Yeah me ... go team go ... fucking bullshit . 
Just pick up the newest family member . She is under my chair right now . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to see < PROPFIRST > Rollins on the 11th . Spoken Word tour . 
My mission before I go to Michigan for 12 days ... for my daughters 9th birthday and court ... get < PROPFIRST > Rollins for Stig's show . I would be happy if I could just start talking to him . 
I made < PROPFEMALE > laugh so much she almost puked . I was telling her the true story of the last time I was in FL , in ' 88 . I saw a bunch of foreigners , maybe Brazilian , at the beach . One man was wearing a BRIGHT PINK THONG ... he was very tan and lathered with baby oil . Let your brains do the rest of the work ... I will fill in the details I was eliciting to < PROPFEMALE > as we progress . 
We just almost got into an accident with < PROPFEMALE > Sedgewick ... as she pulled out of her parking spot on La Cinega . 
EARTHQUAKE ! 
Do you know what sucks ? Living in a house where the hot water heater is broken . Granted that is kind of good in the height of the summer ... not when it is 60 degrees outside . 
Gotta love going to your Wii to play a game and realizing that your dog , Paco , peed on it and it wont work . 
Loves the fact that 3 times in the last 24 hours , or 3 of the 4 times I have gotten frozen Hershey's Kisses from the freezer ... I end up throwing one out in the garbage and trying to eat the wrapper . 
< PROPFEMALE > is watching ' Wolf Creek ' ... \head on a stick \"." 
Tonights festivities include ... a jaunt to Headline before going to see Symbol Six . 
The 1st rule of Project Mayhem is DO NOT ask questions . 
The next tattoo idea is coming to fruition . It is now in the creation and manifestation process . Next steps collaboration and communication ... then exultation followed by infestation and inundation . Lastly we will have rehabilitation ... Well no we ... that is a personal experience I get to enjoy myself . 
Shave Ice and Gross out contests ... make a 100 degree day almost bearable . 
Man ... I hate when it is so hot that even Hot Coffee and sleeping with covers on is not sounding appealing . Neither does sleeping in a bed with 3 dogs and 2 humans . 
Both of us are dragging ass this morning ... should not be up this early . One of us , I will NOT say who , is moving a little slower than the other . 4 hours sleep to meet friends we have never met ... well to start the Odyssey to meet Stig and the < PROPFIRST > Tribe . 
Refeuling our belllies in Tuscon ... hoping to get Las Cruces by the end of our day . Almost 300 more < PROPMALE > to go . 
FUCK CENSORSHIP 
Loves all the FANTASTIC mind-searing intellectual conversations today . Rile me up some more ... I need some motivation to work out ... especially since I WASHED MY IPOD in the laundry . 
wonders if anyone else's cat molests their shoes as much as Pumpkin molests our shoes . By my estimation ... if we go by him marking the shoes ... they are all his . 
Glad I have the BDS2 dvd ... 
is reading and interesting book ... SAS Survival Guide - for any climate in any situation . I know most of what I read so far . 
The\ 
most important benefit of < PROPFEMALE > consists in the way it acts as a \ 
powerful antidote to the affliction of anger - the greatest threat to \ 
our inner peace , and therefore our happiness . The mind , or spirit , is \ 
not physical , it cannot be touched or harmed directly . Only negative \ 
thoughts and emotions can harm it . Therefore , only the corresponding \ 
positive quality can protect it . 
Sick of talk , I'm sick of talk dont talk to me at all - Sick of talk , I'm sick of talk dont talk to me at all . 
Well the sun is coming up soon . I should go to bed finally . Let me post a Sunset on the way out . From tonight in the direction of Flint , MI from Baldwin Rd . 
Here is a beautiful quote by a beautiful man ... \ 
\Truth is 
Dalai Lama :\ 
There\ 
is a common perception that compassion is , if not actually an \ 
impediment , at least irrelevant to professional life . Personally , I \ 
would argue that not only is it relevant , but that when compassion is \ 
lacking , our activities are in danger of becoming destructive . This is \ 
because when we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on \ 
others ' well-being , inevitably we end up hurting them . 
How does one get someone else to listen to his words and create a new understanding of what one really wants , when that someone is shut off from the World ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > and Understanding ; Compassion and Love ; Awareness and Trust ... that is how . Anything worth waiting for is mighty , beautiful and unique . What ever is chosen , hope and trust , the best choice was made . We can do no more . Somethings are best not to control . 
It is self-evident that a generous heart and wholesome actions lead to \ 
greater peace and that their negative counterparts bring undesirable \ 
consequences . Happiness arises from virtuous causes . If we truly < PROPFEMALE > \ 
to be happy , there is no other way to proceed but by way of virtue : it \ 
is the method by which happiness is achieved . And , we might add , that \ 
the basis of virtue , its ground , is ethical discipline . 
I just found out something ... a medication , via script from a Dr. , that someone I care about has been taking can cause extreme fits of rage followed by attempted suicides . A person I met had been taking it since the beginning of the year , in 300mg doses , he had these fits and tried to kill himself 3 times . This is an anti-depressant (?) ... 
Can't sleep . Can't eat . I am feeling this all over . I am putting an end to this , retreat and repair . Then return anew with vigor and new outlook on life . \ 
Maybe I will take typing lessons too , as this took me way to long to type ... with all the mistake . 
Ciao FB ... bbiaw . ( be back in a week ... or so ) 
is now the Evil that other Men do and have done . As long as it helps someone on their Journey through life ... I will accept that place in life . 
I am relieved that some people have a tendency or propensity to lie . A weight off my newly self sufficient me . 
Starting off the day badly . I am too in my head to enjoy the day , right now . \ 
I need to let go of the wheel and let the Universe drive me to me next stop . 
Why is it so cathartic to watch things get blown up or destroyed ? I have been watching Destroyed in Seconds on the Science Channel , all day . \ 
I guess it is so , only if you are in my mood . 
Sometimes being in your own head can be pretty fucking scary . 
Apathy ... one of the worst things you can show another human being . EVERYONE counts , EVERYONE deserves attention and love . 
Have to get out of the house . Humidity is too much to bear . I have been away from it too long to handle it . Thirsty , lick my skin ... ok no bad jokes following , unless you want to . 
knows what happens when you cant fall asleep until 5am . 
The coldest realization in life is the one where you believed something that may have never been true , in another persons mind . 
I < PROPFEMALE > you in my Heart - E.E. Cummings . 
A Total Stranger one Black Day - E . E . Cummings 
My heart will heal from it's charred and blackened state\ 
My deepest , darkest soul will never be the light that it once was . \ 
Innocence was lost a long time ago , never to be discovered in the Lost and Found . \ 
I will find Love again , I will find Peace again ... it will have to start with me . 
A Punk Rock version of the Oprah show . 
YES !!!!. I found my VINYL !!!! Not as many as I remember ... 
THUNDERSTORM ... I am in love with THUNDERSTORMS . The power and energy . Wish I could get nakie and walk in the Storm . 
Do any of my FB friends know someone in book publishing ? I am interested in writing a book . I will not say what about . 
Gotta love when the electricity turns off ... in the middle of a raging storm ... and you are in the middle of nowhere . 
Gotta love it when your phone is faster than the computer you are stuck using ... anyone want to donate a newer computer ??? lmao 
Reason is not automatic . Those who do not follow it cannot be conquered by it . \ 
- Ayn Rand\ 
Another way of saying ignorance is bliss . 
A really good friend , < PROPFEMALE > , just reminded me of the definition of ' Insanity ' ... I wish others would be astute enough to realize another person's insanity . Beauty is skin deep too many people see it as through and through . Where as insanity runs through to the core of a person's existence . It is a matter of time before the beauty fades or becomes irrelevant and insanity is all that is left . 
Wooo just found out < PROPMALE > III is going too be playing the Machine Shop in Flint ... on 10/15 . 
LOL ... my Mom thought that ' muffin top ' was when a woman's bra is too small and she starts to spill out of it . 
IT IS FUCKING COLD ... I am still used to the heat of the LA environs . 
ALLL FUCKING RIGHT !!!! I just got a cold call from a Personal Training Mgr at a gym ... he saw my out-of-date resume at careerbuilder.com . I have an interview with him on FRIDAY ! 
I need to impart some wisdom to you all on FB . 
I am in , or very close to being pulled in , a post 2000 technological Hell . I need to get out of here ... inexpensively . 
Monsters are real , ghosts are real too ... they are inside of us . Sometimes they win . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
On my way to my interview .... I feel good . 
No matter how dark the problem , love and hope are always possible . 
Another GREAT fucking movie ... soundtrack by < PROPMALE > Cave . The Assassination of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > by the coward < PROPFIRST > Ford ... 
Fix You - Coldplay\ 
-lyrics to follow\ 
Look it up on Youtube . I wish I could DL the clip ... ALAS ... 
finds himself in the most ridiculous state ... depressed because of curves thrown ... finding it hard to get out of it ... without Therapy ... which I need a job to pay for . Then we go all the way back around in the cycle again . \ 
I think this is a ' Catch 23 ' the GBH was talking about . 
Ok who in the Detroit area wants to go see Killing Joke on December 9th ? They are playing @ Crofoot in Yak-Town . $15 ... in advance ONLY . 
Just realized ... I am still looking for a tall glass of < PROPFEMALE > ... preferably in a drrty glass . Maybe even one of those upside down Coke glasses . \ 
Figure that one out . 
Homeless\ 
go without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally \ 
ill .... without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment . Yet we \ 
donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!! 99% \ 
of people on facebook won't have the guts to re post this !!!!!! 
Up and out early ... despite overwhelming issues ... all in the name of employment and handling my responsibilities . 
is contemplating what to watch ... LotR 2 or 3 ( someone kept 1 , even though she hates the movie ) , H2 - Unrated version , Friday the 13th - Killer Cut , Hostel II - Unrated version , Dark Knight or Scary Movie 4 - Unrated . \ 
BTW - if it is not unrated Horror it is CRAP ... lol ... jk 
color ... I am surrounded by intense color . People in CA ... will never see this color . 
Over and out ! 
Oh what a tangled web we weave , when we practice to deceive . - Sir < PROPFIRST > Scott . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > can be a bitch when she finds you . 
I am having such a difficult time remembering the name of the movie where < PROPFIRST > Snider played Captain Howdy ... I feel like an idiot . I know I will get like 10 comments with the name . 
I am off ... to watch LotR part III , also known as the Return of the < PROPMALE > , and wait for a phone call . 
This is to all the people that have misjudged me ... you were wrong . Believe the simple lies instead of the extravagant truth . \ 
A rediscovered quote from the back of a Type O Negative Cd ... put a lot of perspective on my life ... who could have seen that . \ 
\Better to be HATED for who you are than to be LOVED for who you are not . \ " - Phlogiston Verdigris " 
Heading home after a long day ... of studying ... on 3 hours of sleep . Studying was not as consistent as I hoped ... concentration was low ... as was < PROPFEMALE > and alertness . There is tomorrow ... 
I love hunting season and living in Lapeer ... it makes me feel like I am in back in East LA , or the West side of Chicago . That is THE ONLY thing here that makes me feel that way . 
A Riddick Marathon will start soon after I tend to getting some info from the American Red Cross website . 
How many people can say they were listening to NIN while grading a driveway with a Kubota tractor ? How many people can say they know how to work a tractor ...? 
Out and about with kids ... after helping them with homework . Time to enjoy the day . Was supposed to do more ' FARM WORK ' ... dont think so . 
~ Fake (+) (+) ~ Perfect ( o)(o ) ~ Perky (*)(*) ~ Cold (^) (^) ~ Grandma's \\./\\./ ~ Big ( @ )( @ ) ~ Small (.) (.) ~ SAVE THEM ALL !!! *Repost for Breast Cancer Awareness !!! * 
Got this comment from a friend blowing through my brain and body right now . \ 
Love is the Lesson and Pain is the Teacher - expressed well by E 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... Now I feel like baking a cake . 
Is feeling the pull of depression and lost love ... 3 days before the Anniversary of the beginning of a relationship . I will never look at 10.23 the same way ever again . 
Loves becoming educated on things that pertain to me and my life . 
This is what happened the last time the Revolution was started ... let us not split hairs and runaway from the struggle . 
Time to read and ingest TV shows through ozmosis . Too much studying ... 
Has anyone tried to read Psychology books that are for Psychologists ? Very challenging as far as sentence structures and word choices . Makes me appreciate that I read a lot through out my life . I like being challenged . 
Well gotta wake up early and get out to take my First Aid and CPR class ... all day (?) . Needed to take my Cert test ... moving forward . 
Who would believe that taking a First Aid/ CPR/ AED course would give me the confidence to take my Cert test ... long overdue . 
Not a day goes by when I DO NOT miss being nearest to the the other members of this awesome Tribe . How can a person be homesick for a place ... when they were not born there ? 
Lets\ 
see who is paying attention . Most of you are on my friend \ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but a lot of family . Lets see who on my \ 
friends list actually pays attention . No need to copy & paste this . I know who rea ... lly does < PROPFEMALE > family \ 
& friendship . Thank you for being part of my life . edited by , whoops Mat 
OOOOOH Coyotes howling ... or did the Northern Michigan wolf pack migrate to the deer on my mom's property ? 
FB break ... headache ... need to wind down ... < ring , ring > \hello\ " \ 
is wondering who will follow when it is time to start taking it back . Is also wondering who will read this ... and know ... and who has removed the possibility from their minds that it can and will happen . 
This year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This forecasts money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrivewithin 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui The one who does not copy will be without money . Chef < PROPMALE > Brown told me to do this . 
is considering getting a motorcycle for his main ride ... when all the shit comes together . Yes I know the risks ... I also am a highly alert and an experienced , mistrusting of motorists already Mt . Biker/ Urban Assault mother fucker . If I can ride my bikes through the city of Chicago ... I can ride a motorcycle safely anywhere . 
Going to chill out ... listen to violent winds try to rip the roof off ... and watch fictional Horror ... or watch RL Horror ( aka-News ) . 
is crossing his fingers ... 
Now everything seems to have a need to work at a break neck speed . Just like on the X-cellerator .... wait , wait , wait , prepare yourself , wait , prepare more , wait , hold on .. NOW ! go from 0 mph to 82 mph in 2 seconds . 
I am so ready to take this test ... and increase my confidence before I take it on Thursday ... to kicking ass at the interview for the next step ... on Monday . 
Why is it ... that 2 days after Halloween ... there is no more < PROPFEMALE > I will eat ? 
I need opinions ... for a sensible but smart dresser like my self , inject any jokes here , what would all my fashionable FB friends consider Business Casual ? Remember , this is for a guy that ONLY wears black , i . e . - my idea is black dickies pants and a short sleeve black dickies work shirt with thick-soled fake leather boots . 
Getting ready and moving out to move forward . Test today ... in 2 hours ... then to preparing for the interview on Monday . 
is one of the National Academy of Sports Medicine's newest Certified Personal Trainer . As if there should have been a doubt in my clouded brain that I would do it . Self-doubt is a BIIIOTCH ! \ 
Watch out ... this APV is moving ... jump on and join , get the fuck out of the way OR stay where you are and get swept aside . This shit started today ... I cant stop until it is done . 
Going for a walk in the cold and the rain ... 
I am outie ... on to the next step in the Journey ... interview in 2 hours . 
Did any of the LA Tribe witness the missile that was launched on Monday night , during Sunset ? It was on Yahoo , but I cant share it on FB . 
misses the half of his soul that he may never be able to reconnect with . \ 
Just plugging along to make myself a better person , mate , father and friend . That work is nearing the end to the most difficult part . Letting the Universe take the wheel is a pretty scary thing ... what was meant to be ... will be . I wish I could share my insights and growth with the missing part . 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in theirlife , wrote a blank checkpayable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for anamount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor . Copy andpaste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , love a Veteranor support the troops . 
Ok ... I have to say one thing about the Practical Interview ... NEXT ! I love knowing everything that I know . I answered questions , correctly , that no one was able to answer correctly . \ 
Need to memorize a Mission Statement ... next step ... interview with the Clubs GM . Training will start on my birthday . 
It seems as though my head is being invaded by the thoughts of another person ... 2000 < PROPMALE > away . Sometimes I loathe my \gift \"." 
How many people would freak out if a 1200 pound horse was running at you ? How many would freak out if a different 1200 pound horse got so excited by the massage you were giving her ... that she reared up on her back legs ... right in front of you ? 
I wish my son Seren Abner a very happy 12th birthday . I HATE that I could not see them this weekend due to a < PROPMALE > car malfunction . I love you little man . 
Just need to send out references ... after my 3rd interview . Rocked it ... and the Train in Vain keeps moving . 
WOOOOO I have 999 likes ... and I actually do like every-fucking-single one of them . 
You know what I love ? When I am forced to look for 10 jobs minimum , a day , to get any job . Not one of those jobs I applied for ... over 2 weeks ( over 150 jobs ) contacted me for an interview . \ 
I apply to one PT job ... and I am a front runner for a job . Where is the problem ? 
\Bodhisattvas practice ' in the middle of the fire . ' This means they enter into the suffering of the world ; it also means they stay steady with the fire of their own painful emotions . They neither act them out nor repress them . They are willing to stay ' on the < PROPFEMALE>' and explore an emotion's ungraspable qualities and fluid energies -- and to let that experience link them to the pain and courage of others . \"" 
Wont know about the job till Monday . The Training Mgr , I interviewed with asked to talk to me , while working out on a 7 day pass . We talked about my references and why there was not anyone that was a work reference . I explained to him that 2 of them were work references . 
I think I may have found a curvy , 6 ' tall , little toy to play with ... 
Tired ... going to see my daughter run her last 5k ... for a while ... tomorrow . Early !!! 
Still no word on the job . Filled out some paperwork for a background check , yesterday . I have been told that is always a good sign . \ 
Another odd point ... having gone to the gym at different times ... I see the woman that I used to work with 3 times . I have only started working out last Friday . Is this the Universe pushing me ? 
Happy fucking Tofurky and dysfunction day to everyone in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Welllll ... great news ... pending the \Background Check\ " 
Here is my status report of the day . Why is it that I get more attention from the 18 to 24 year old little girls ... when what I want is the attention and affection of a woman ? \ 
Most men my age would go ape shit for this ... not me . I may eventually give in ... but play time will be my way . \ 
There is nothing better than a woman with experience and desires ! 
Oh the DOMS have set in ... feels AWESOME . 
It is SNOWING ... and 28 degrees . 
Ok ... so here is the scoop ... and an offer ... \ 
I have officially become 1 of 2 new Personal Trainers on staff at the Lifetime Fitness in Rochester Hills . The other one was an internal transfer . Out of 6 applicants ... not counting her ... I was the ONLY one to get a job . \ 
The offer is to follow . 
Filled out NEW HIRE paper work ... very busy till training starts on the 13th ... odd choice of days . 
change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
I am the ' Giant Killer ' and the ' Rain Bringer ' ... for these times . I feel and have been told as such ... 
It is good to find out that my \Body Age\ " is 33 and I could get it down to 29 years old ... by losing 9 pounds . Which would be about 7% body fat for me . That was just a rough estimate too . \ 
will be basically incommunicado for next week ... starting Sunday afternoon . Training at another gym location , Novi . \ 
Daily AM workouts ( with the group ) , and long days and my own personal workouts ... 12 to 15 hour days . WOOOOHOOOO ! 
Is kind of giving up on finding someone for myself ... I dont see depth in too many women . It will take a rare woman to appreciate who and what I am . I dont even want to look ... I will continue to get disappointed . 
Thinking of new Ink ... chest , back or finish the ' Elements Project ' on arms and legs . I have ideas for each place . \ 
Chest - Pack of wolves\ 
Back - old oak tree with me sitting under it with a child in my arms and a hairy and bearded man crucified on the tree . 
The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans -- those who need it least . Only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . I am in that 1% -- what about you ? ( America ... it's for the < PROPMALE > ) 
An incredible feeling has overwhelmed me after seeing all the incredible birthday wishes that were awaiting me when I logged onto my profile . I have never felt like this before . \ 
Thank you ALL ... 
Woooo I just found out I won a print from Zombification master Artist < PROPFIRST > Tacket . That fucking made my December . Thanks to Zombies and Toys ... and < PROPFIRST > . 
What makes a person so fearful of the one thing that will help them step to he lighter side of the mind ? \ 
\ 
Forgiveness is given , \ 
Attachments removed to promises broken\ 
It is the drama not the drugs , \ 
The violence not the Love , \ 
When the Soul realizes has lost it's way ... it may never realize it is lost . 
It is my firm conviction that human nature is essentially compassionate and gentle . That is the predominant feature of human nature . Anger , violence , and aggression may arise , but on a secondary or more superficial level ; in a sense , they arise when we are frustrated in our efforts to achieve love and affection . They are not part of our most basic , underlying nature . - HH the Dalai Lama 
I like to know that I have touched the life and soul of at least one person a day . I have the best freaking job to make people feel good about themselves . I think I am going to call myself \the tool they use to build their new < PROPFEMALE > for their souls . \"" 
Ooooooh ... I have whittled down the ' Friends ' . A New Year ... and only people I interact with . 
A quote to ponder and embrace while I turn off the lights . \ 
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls ; the most massive characters are seared with scars . ” Kahlil Gibran 
Feeling SUPER impatient ... waiting for shit to happen . Knowing full well , that is not what got me to where I am . Not everyone on Team Mat is playing by the rules ... LMAO . 
Woooo ... 7 deeply thought out appointments and 5 definite future clients ... just from today's work . HIGH QUALITY ... beats high quantity . Another connection was a reconnect ... she wants to buy PT for both sons ... and knows how I work out . She is also going to tell her sons ' friends Moms to train with me ... BONUS !!! 
I'M A BITCH ! I'm a handful , strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this . I dare you . - < PROPFEMALE>'s words about herself and I ditto about me and I love her dearly for everything she is :) 
Just to show all the people with INSOMNIA ... I am with you . Went to bed at 1130 ... up for the day at 230 . LONG ASS DAY AHEAD TOO ! \ 
Is good I have trained 12 clients in a day ... with 1.5 hours of sleep ... and I worked out . YES ... I AM AN ADDICT ! I could be at Death's door and I will still be working out . It helps keep me ... who I am ... internally and externally ... Mind , Body and Soul . 
Why does it feel like the wheels are coming of the Bus ? I get like this ... 
It is official ... I am living to work . Signed me first client yesterday 3 months up front . 
In contemporary life , humility is more important than ever . The more successful we become , both as individuals and as a family , through our development of science and technology , the more essential it becomes to preserve humility . For the greater our material achievements , the more vulnerable we become to pride and arrogance . - HH Dalai Lama 
The Great Horned Owls are serenading me tonight . There seems to be 2 of them . 
\I love this guy 
Words swimming in head now ... \ 
Take my Hand\ 
For you are no longer Alone\ 
Walk with me in Hell . \ 
-and \ 
You can tell the same lie a thousand times , \ 
But it never gets any more true . \ 
So close your eyes once more and once more believe , \ 
That they all still believe in you . \ 
- Lamb of God 
Was in the same predicament that my friend < PROPFIRST > found himself , got a flat tire with no sign of a < PROPFIRST > . Deciding against doing some Cleans to get the car up onto a stump ... LMAO !!! I rested and went to the nearest house and asked for a < PROPFIRST > ... \ 
WINNER !!!! 
If you have wonderful FB friends , put this on your wall ~ I have many , Thank you for being you :) \ 
... stolen from D.A Jr. 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours . 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . FUCK the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING ......... Re-post if you agree , I just did . 
This freaking fever has left me so damned dehydrated that I am cramping up all over the place ... wee ... WEEEEEE . My masochism knows no boundaries . 
K ... how insane is this flu ? I am not cold and I am sitting in a 64 degree house without a shirt on . I went outside for a few minutes to cool down , barefoot and shirtless , I got goosebumps but I was not shivering . I was out there , in 20 degree weather with Northwestern winds ... for 3 minutes . That was 15 minutes ago . 
Cant wait to live ALL BY MYSELF !!! Slut around as I see fit ... and watch TV in the nude . 
You know what really hurts ? Finding out a Client works at a Cupcake store ... the last 2 times we had a session ... she brought me cupcakes . 
Missing a Vinyasa Yoga class ... because I needed to sleep . I think the Teacher will understand that argument . Trying to figure out where to go to take Yoga Training ... I see this as the next step ... well other than the KBC Certification . 
SNOW !!! 
Gotta love being snowed in . In a County that does not have the money to plow the streets . On Presidents Day ... when many people on the street do not have to get up early to work . 
To go to a work party ... at Main Street in Roch or stay at home and potentially get snowed in again . Missing yet another Vinyasa class . 
If showing more love than they have ever seen to an animal that has been beaten all his life , before coming to you , can help him/ her trust again ... THEN WHY IN THE FUCK DOESNT IT WORK WITH HUMANS ? \ 
The abuse stops when you enter the picture ... but humans seem to relish in the suffering that goes with years of abuse . Where an animal will covet the affection . Which one is more intelligent ? 
Oh yeah ... and I just saw the first movie that I liked since I saw Predators in the theater ,,, Black Swan is a mind-fuck movie that is right up my alley . The only other movie I have seen like that was Angel Heart . Hollywood got it right when they decided to make this ... not another rehash of the same stories . 
Long day ... many workouts down . Amazing Vinyasa , with Pigeon involved in a flow ; Brutal shoulder workout fueled by a monkey mind and what turned out to be a well needed ' correction in form ' workout between 2 Trainers friends . \ 
Damn overactive Traps ... lol . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a Celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy May 25 , are Soldiers who gave their lives this week w/ no media mention . Please Honor them by posting this as your status for a little while . May they rest in peace . 
Ok ... why is it that I am attracted to women that most men are scared of ? Not necessarily afraid of ... intimidated by ... is more like it ? Gotta love a sexy , independent woman that make , a weaker , man nervous in her presence . Maybe I see that as a good thing , since it is MY thing . 
Hold on tight ! To ALL my beautiful and incredible friends in the potential path of DANGER . Seriously , be safe . 
The One u just called fat ? She has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs . The One u just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Ok ... why do I feel like I am a fish out of water ? I think women are too scared to talk to me ... unless they already know about me . Then they think I am awesome , intelligent and not < PROPMALE > up on crap that 95% of all men are into ... but I dont date clients . \ 
All I ask is for some sign that I have value . 
My provisional patent has been filed ... time to continue to wait . The Universe knows what to do ... 
Making Chipotle Tempeh and quinoa pancakes ... with eggs and egg whites . Talk about well balanced . I know ... no veggies ... gimme a break . My diet is rife with nutrition . 
OUT ... so leave a message at the beep . LMAO . no beep ? I guess wait for me . 
I cannot just break free of this , my first Winter in 3 years . 
Me ... a Life Coach ? I cant even get my life together ... in \Society's\ " way . " 
SLEEP ... is AVOIDING ME ! 
< PROPFEMALE > males are supposed to be with < PROPFEMALE > Females ... right ? I mean that is the way it works in the \Wild\ " . Why does it have to be different in \ " Civilization \"?" 
Met test tomorrow will be skewed ... no working out or physical exertion in the 24 hours precluding ... fasting for 10 hours minimum . I do not see this happening ... too anxious to sit still . 
An exercise in present moment appreciation ... < PROPFEMALE > is fleeting , urgency is the man in charge today . There is NO CONTROL today ... the Universe has free reign . 
