awesome awesome new years party . tell yall about it later 

updating my facebook ... just came back from the beach ... got a new tattoo last weekend ... lovin the navy ... not sure what i'm doing this weekend .. missing everyone back home friends , and family . See yall at Christmas 
cold , snow and ice all around . loving it , sliding around all over the ice patches 
It's snowing outside , supposed to blizzard tonight . I love this snow . Watchin ' < PROPMALE > gump now . 
Coming back to Gonzales Friday afternoon 
Leaving tomorrow morning for Biloxi . Ending my vacation with Gumbo and staying in tonite . Oh and packing lol ... 
go saints 
okay people . i just uploaded a new album called tats .... i think that's what it's called . anyway . go and cmmen on the photos . whichever gets the best comments is going to be the tattoo i get next weekend . please and thank you . ima be doing this all week . ( if i remember ) so pass the word 
I keep forgetting that today is Easter . Everythings freakin closed 
I think I'm retarded sometimes . Losin track of the days . First I think it is Monday , then realize it's tuesday . Then I think I'm on duty even though I stood my duty watch yesterday 
On duty today . Off for the weekend tommorrow 
Washin a ridiculous amount of clothes ... damn things won't dry ... I should probably spread them into more than one dryer 
Goin back to Louisiana on the first instead of the 10th . Only back for two days 
absolutely nothing ... except for the bbq , and the workout , and then movies , and then sl ... http://chatter.com/a/514dy?ref=nf 
Got sent to the hospital for severe dehydration and food poisoning last nite . http://chatter.com/a/56cup?ref=nf 
Got two and a half hours of work to do . Then lunch , and finally I bullshit around till 6:30 
Fuckin pissed off ... 
Watching movies ... doing nothing http://chatter.com/a/5pn0t?ref=nf 
Work till 6 . Then lay in bed and watch tv . Broke and not goin out till this weekend unfortunately . But what a weekend it will be . 
Late watch last nite . Slept all day . Still tired a little bit tho 
Out for an hour break , gotta be back at 1600 . surfin the net till then 
Caught myself up on doctor who season 5 with the new doctor . It's weird but oddly enough I like it . Bravo BBC ! XD 
Check out the tattoo parlor Deep Skin INK . In gonzales . Last time I was there it was 100 an hour . And I got my back piece done . 
Just got a new camera 
Just watched the movies good < PROPMALE > ( about an antisocial chick that likes softcore porn and the guy who works at the video store who tries to help her break out of her shell ) , as well as the day breakers , < PROPFIRST > izzards dress to kill comedic show , and last but not least Ondine . All great movies . Comedy show a 3/5 though . \ 
\ 
Next up leap year then sleep for two hrs before watch 
Going to acen con at 10 . Along with lewallen , tevlin , whippler , and hyper chick . Will take photos and videos as well as get sum souveniers . 
Back from acen con . Beastly day . Wish I had brought more money tho 
Sleep soon . Got labs all day < PROPMALE > . I love writing reports on why electronics are broked . NOT ! 
Good day till I got off work . Then I got pissed off cause of the people in the office . Now I'm okay . Although I do think I need to stop using Facebook as much but then again it's only when I'm not doing anything that I even check it . \ 
Aka . When I'm broke and stuck in the barracks . 
< PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer series marathon this weekend ... Yay netflix ... boo being broke . Ima be broke for the next month . Or longer . Then Ima finally buy my car . :) 
Fighting of sleep and this heat . \ 
Reminds me of home . XD 
Supreme columbian coffee and hazelnut creamer rocks ... I'm addicted to this stuff 
A bear , you made a bear-spike\ 
-I didn't mean to do it ... -buffy\ 
Undo it , undo it ! -spike 
six flags rocks 
lost my iphone ... 
reading this wicked book-luv the series 
wondering when the last season of \Rescue Me\ " starts " 
bored-watchin tv 
Hey ima be checking this message on my 360 this weekend . so post something here . i get bored easily . ANd i'm tryin to save money . 
likes a good ol ' chip sandwhich- bread . chips . bread . then smash the chips in the bread . 
Dreamin of a big huge plane , taking off a Vegas road strip , pilots get knocked out and a guy who read a < PROPMALE > is trying to land the plane . Communications are dead and I've decided to do my best landing this mo-fo . first attempt fails and yet i try again , and again . part 1 
Wakin ' up from a dream , dazed and confused . Wishin people would text me back , but ef it . 
Lovin ' how she can bite me , but I can't bite her ... 
on break , more work in ten mintues . gtg . 
watchin the rain hit the window ... trying to stay awake 
movie marathon-paid thurs . yesh ! 
randomness 
Sleepy-work later 2 nite then up early for pt 
watched rescue me season premiere lkast nite , wicked good . gonna love this season . getting paid tonight . yesh . and then < PROPMALE > . grocery shopping . hurray . skydiving trip coming soon . / 
got paid . bout to go sign up for my sky diving trip coming up soon . 
off work . sat-mon off work . sky diving trip july 18th . yesh . good day 
listening to \Drop Kick Murphy \"" 
watchin movies today-laser light show and concert tomorrow 
wrote sum lines down on watch . tell me what you think : [ posted as comments ] 
i dreamt exquisit dreams - then woke up to reality 
fun day 
awesome fireworks on base 
3 mile run b4 work- hooyah . good start to the day 
... bored as hell and mellow as hell today .... not motivated at all right now . 
Tired as hell . Lot of shit happened last night , too . Gonna crash pretty soon even if i'm workin . 
still tired after 14 hrs of straight sleep ... but i'll live 
ah ... one more week b4 i go sky divin 
listenen to WOLFGANG AMAEUS PHOENIX 
realizes that flirting is easy , takin a girl out is harder . lol . guess that takes us back to the saying . you can talk the talk , but can you walk the walk . lol 
abs hurtin- pt ' d to much lol- run in the morn 
wanna fall asleep . that or lay in bed and watch another season of californication . 
tired- sleep soon @-@ 
realizes i can accomplish so much when i try to act suave . lol . 
I don't like cars , and they don't like me , so I walk on the side walk , and they drive in the street , I just want to walk safely down the block , but ever now and again i have to stop . Your driving sucks , i'm not one to mock , but i won't cross till your farther down the block . So the next time you have a few beers , call someone up before you try to steer . Cause your swervin is disturbin . 
trying to get the hell off base and go somewheres ... do something ... < PROPFEMALE > out with ... w ... http://chatter.com/a/e257l?ref=nf 
fun day at 6 flags .. a little bummed . but overall OK abouty how things turned out 
very very good day people 
confused as hell right now ... http://chatter.com/a/efjwg?ref=nf 
bad afternoon . hopefully < PROPMALE > . better . anyone goin to six flags in gurnee illinois < PROPMALE > ... http://chatter.com/a/ervkj?ref=nf 
ok party last nite- next time will be better ... also 6 flags with kt . < PROPFEMALE > . n < PROPFIRST > was fun- still a bit tipsy from last nite- sleep now 
having a party sat . if your near north chicago and want to come txt me at two two four-280-4 five 2 9 and msg me here . http://chatter.com/a/f2ud6?ref=nf 
party in north chicago sat . hit me up if interested . 2242804529 
having a party sat . if your near north chicago and want to come txt me at two two four-280-4 five 2 9 and msg me here http://chatter.com/a/f6iv4?ref=nf 
having a party sat . if your near north chicago and want to come txt me at two two four-280-4 five 2 9 and msg me here 
bored to death . there's nothing to do . 
went to have a party , ended up walking in Glenco , got a hotel room and started drinking , the girls weren't there , so we went to the club in chicago , no dress shoes so we couldn't get in , a hookah bar later , and a 5 hr nap and here i am 
work , work , and more work . Just pulled an all nighter , gonna crash later on . Or maybe watch a movie , who knows . 
just got a wildberry smoothie fromm < PROPFIRST > d's . i love those things . ADdIctEd 
work n movies- phone died n needs chargin 
bored out of my effin mind . nuthin to do . nowhere's to go . god damn . i need some ideas here otherwise i'll end up with a shitty weekend ... 
bored out of my effin mind . gotta find sumthin to do this weekend . birthday's sunday . and i'm duty free . as well as not broke anymore lol . 
no worries right now , fillin out my leave chit so i can go home to Louisiana for a week Starting The 3rd of September . lol . wait . wasn't that in a movie . V for vendetta ? 
ha ha , i have an inspection today at 1300 . ran my mile and a half at under 11.40 but i missed my goal for the push ups . only by 4 though 
two days till im back home yesh 
goin home for a week . be back in illinois next friday . be in louisiana tommorrow by noon . 
goin back to illinois tommorrow mornin . damn this weeks flowmn by . next time i need to bring more money and less clothes lol . 
just checked out the new Weezer cd , and now i want it .... awesomness in a can . lol 
tired , bored , payday tonite ... bills to pay tommorrow . poeple to pay back ... i think ima be broke pretty fast for the next two pay checks lol . 
woke up and went to the gym , pumpe weights . ran 40 laps round the track n got my runners high ... then it decides to rain --- fml- but go cardio 
off watch , but still on duty . mite watch a movie while i'm waitin for muster 
I believe i can flyyyy , I believe i can touch the skyyyyy , and then i hit the grounddd , and made a loud CRUNCH sounddd ! --- totally just < PROPFIRST > that in my head ppl 
bedtime peeps-goin 4 a three mile run in the morn . tryin to get that runners high-n LULLZ is my new fav word to hear XD 
.... pondering how i can live right next to the dmv for 3 yrs+ and still not go to get my effing license , lol ... that and what kinda car i want to get now that i'm gonna go get it here in illinois after i get paid on the first . thinking an suv .... 
falling asleep , bored out of my mind 
awaiting transfer orders ... still . 
just got off watch at 3:30 , kinda bored now ... 
movie marathon weekend 
getting my fore arm tattooed sunday if were not on lockdown tis weekend ... 
new one piece should be up tommorrow morning . i can't wait . freakin out im so excited , just saw the spoilers . ahhh . omfg . ahhh ... very happy rite now 
was rlly gung-ho on gettin this tat , and now i'm not as interested as i was before ... maybe i'll wait . 
listening to song 5 of the blue october-foiled cd . 
waiting for the mail room to open so i can get my movie , ahhhh . i can't wait . 
tired as hell , watch sucked , very busy all day , and now i'm ready for sum peace n quiet 
drifting in endless thoughts , can't get her off my mind , music flowing steadily ... 
.... i'm am definitely a shopaholic .... from now on i'm not goin shoppin with out sum one watchin me .. gah , i hate bein broke ... 
sooo i need to wash my clothes , but i'm out of laundry detergent .... debating whether or not to use the dish washing soap 
gah , work . 
I can't move on , stuck in thus rut of my own design . Can't get it off my mind ... Stunned sitting , thinking , remembering good times ! 
I need a distraction ... hmmm .. This is driving me CrAZy .... 
Got my phone working again . And trying to find sum one to go to the movies with . I wanna see jackass 3 .. it looks freakin hilarious 
fighting off boredom , trying to save money .... hmm .. let me watch sum movies 
i have a date tonight , but i don't really want to go anymore .... hmmm 
Going to see jackass 3 
missed the movie . hit up < PROPFIRST>'s crab shack instead . layin down to watch splice ... 
Just had a fight with my alarm clock . It wanted me to wake up , I disagreed . Things got violent . Now the alarm clocks broken and Im wide awake . Not sure who won . 
They say \don't drink and drive\ " but yesterday I was drinking a juice box while riding my tricycle . It made me feel dangerous " 
I just read earlier that 4,153,237 people got married . I don't want to start any trouble , but shouldn't that be an even number ? 
The next time you're in Walmart , hide in a clothes rack and when someone is looking through the clothes come out and say \WELCOME TO NARNIA\ " :) " 
For those that say you can do anything you put your mind to , I ask , have you ever nailed Jello to a tree ? or tried slamming a revolving door ? Yep , I thought so 
woke up at 3 , got the flu vaccine ( via nasal spray ) this morning by 7 , got really dizzy , then i passed out till 2 in my rack , been slightly under the weather ever since ... i hate flu shot time 
sick , and tired as hell ... been in bed all day , thinkin about goin to medical tommorrow 
got my verbal orders today ... I'm goin to Spain if all goes well ... shore duty there too . XD 
So i got my orders ... shore duty in rota , spain ... how freakin awesome .. i love it 
just watched \get him to the greek\ " again .. i love this movie " 
Experience tells you what to do ; confidence allows you to do it . 
watchin < PROPFEMALE > mononoke then tryin to stay awake till after i get breakfast ... 
i feel like i've been at a concert , because i've had DROPKICK MURPHY blaring in my headphones for the last 4 hrs ... 
A tattoo seems like a stamp on your body that you get on your journey through life . A reminder of what it took to get you to where you are today ;) 
If I was allowed to have a taser , How many people do you think would get hurt !? 
tried dancing like no one was watching but someone was watching and mistaked my dance for a seizure and called the ambulance ! 
I'm so friggin happy rite now ... yall don't even know ... 
thinks bad decisions make the most awesome stories 
Bought a CD of ice cream < PROPFIRST > music . Now I drive with the stereo on full blast , watching the disappointment on all the little kids faces 
things were simpler when we were younger , you could scream your head off as you ran around in your undies and no one cared . try to do it now and people think your crazy 
fallin asleep 
watching movie trailers , and making a list of where i can find them at : Netflix has alot of them to my surprise 
says \I have a memory like a < PROPFEMALE>'s tail ... short and fuzzy \"" 
stargate universe ... loving this series so far 
wants to sleep , but my sheep are in prison for eating the \do not remove under penalty of law\ " tag from my mattress ... damn :/ " 
When I was little I remember falling asleep on the sofa and waking up in bed now that Im older I find myself passing out on the sofa and waking up on the floor 
i feel like a kid in highschool that got dressed in a rush to run to school at 6 P.M. in the afternoon .. did that for work , because none of our clocks reset , lol ... 
when and old lady pokes you at a wedding and says \your next\ " . just do the same to them at a funeral . " 
says , are you bored ? If so then - go to a clothing store - go into one of the change rooms - wait a while - and then yell - THERE ISN'T ANY TOILET PAPER IN HERE ! ( lol ) 
is going to torture himself ... its time to workout ! Woot ! 
brings you Rule #1 when pulled over by a police officer - NEVER ask him to hold your beer while you look for you license and registration .. 
says \ fruit loops are just cheerios gone gay .. \"" 
Stuck on duty till 10 tonight , to bad I missed out on all the free Veterans day food . But oh well , because < PROPMALE > . is payday .. Woot ! 
I need a piece of paper , a glow stick , a fish hook and a lemon , I'm gonna MacGyver this sh*t ... 
The thought of you puts a smile on my face , seeing you makes my heart race . You light up my life like the stars illuminate space 
Just saw my Direct Deposit amount and the \LOL\ " the bank typed next to it . " 
watching < PROPFIRST > pigrim vs . the world . awesomeness 
s so tired , he's doing an impression of a zombie . Walking around aimlessly , with hardly any brain function . 
why is it that when we watch scary movies , we yell at the victims as if they can hear us ? 
< PROPMALE > Wells : If you want something bad , you have to fight for it . Step up your game , < PROPFIRST > . Break out the L-word . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim : Lesbian ? \ 
< PROPMALE > Wells : The other L-word . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim : ... Lesbians ? 
I shot her 5 times .... how was she still standing ? ... NVM Bitch isn't standing now . 
I meditate diligently every morning . The subject is Life and Love . I quit after three seconds . 
I . like . When . you . Read . this . The . little . Voice . inside . Your . Head . Takes . little . Pauses . 
Go to Google Maps , search for directions from Japan to < PROPFEMALE > and check out step 43 . Gold ! 
The obscure we see eventually . The completely obvious , it seems , takes longer . ~ Edward R . Murrow 
Dec . 14th can't get here fast enough ... 
About to watcha timeless classic , or magic , intrigue , passion , and t all brought to us by disney . Say hello to my little friend , Beauty and the Beast . Lol . 
saw the new < PROPMALE > potter movie recently . very good . follows the book so close . omg i was like finally . a director with a sense of justice 
Don't work too hard to make a living that you forget to have a life ... 
y day today . one of the best thanksgivings ever .. thanks for adopting Bryson and myself as your sailors to feed this year < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . You two rock . 
thought sumone was knocking on the window , then realized i'm four floors up . but i still had to look , lol . 
fml , i give up on today .. good nite everyone . hopefully , my day goes better than my afternoon today . had to get a conscience now . 
been sick all day , atleast I stopped throwing up . Haven't eaten all day either tho . Goin back to bed again . 
feelin better , still dizzy as hell tho , and a bit listless ... but overall better than yesterday 
Stars Uncharted ? Got an email and check it out , gotta admit , i like the snd of sum of these guys ... 
listening to Blackchords at work ... pretty nice beats .. smooth < PROPFEMALE > , and lyrics ... i like it 
ima sleep , then have a long weekend of movie watching , followed by an even longer week of anticipating goin back home on the 14th . XD 
rockin to the Blackchords album they have uploaded to their site ... it's cool ... bout to sit back and watch a movie 
CALIFORNICATION season 3 disk 2 , finally came in the mail ... yes , now to spend the next 4 hrs of my life at the tv ... 
Since when did they put W's in M & M's .....???? 
You're now aware you can't say , \ < PROPFEMALE > WRISTWATCH \"" 
I thought as I got older I would learn wisdom and < PROPFEMALE > , but the only thing I have learned is that I just don't give a CRAP . 
Bouncing off the walls like a < PROPFEMALE > pong ball on speed 
Note to Self : Playing with the shaving cream is fun , until it gets in your eye . No More making clown faces in the mirror for a while . ^^ 
Hellawindy outside , and pretty damn icey too . Talk about a slip n slide 
play with fire ... no matter what your mom says .. it's fun ! XD 
back in Gonzales , hit me up .. sittin at home right now .. lookin for stuff to do . 
noticed on that my two days on vacation so far have been sleeping all nite , and wakin up at 4 . This has got to change ... 
goin to Leader's at noon ... 
feelin good . hit me up . tryin to break out got dammit . message me if you know anythign to do . 224 280 4529 
did the right thing , still feel shitty tho ... it's my fault . so i'll deal with the consequences , and not do it again .. and headache galore earlier finally went away 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas , just waking up . Crawled in bed at 5 am . Lol . 
the holidays are ok , but i can't help but feel like sumthings missing .... 
Bored . Watching movies . Wish i had something better to do . Sleep in a bit i guess . 
I think i.m in love with the idea of being in love . I wonder if i . ll ever be able to handle the real thing ... 
Horror movies on xmas . Excellent idea . Now only if i knew a horror movie involving < PROPFEMALE > as the monster . 
new tat tonite ... 
Love the new base so far , could swear i just saw teran at the < PROPMALE > vs . Va tech game on the tv ... probably just trippin tho 
getting frockd next Wed . from what I'm told ... only problem is I can't find the patchs i need to get sewed on here at this air foce base .. 
Getting frocked < PROPMALE > . 
Got paid and got a new laptop . I love how easy it is to fix the old one and i'm just to lazy to ... and now ima do it so i can sell the thing . lol . 
borted . to many damn emails .... 
I want a graphic tablet .. lol 
almost crashed .. but my head missed the pillow and hit the head board instead ! 
Just ate at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Nice Japanese place , sushi and steak , gah , i'm stuffed . The rainbow roll did me in . lol 
Lmfao . watchin comedy central . wtf , lol . Dunno what comedy taping it was . but the show was funny as hell . 
Steak for dinner @ waffle house , was pretty nice for the place . For some reason I couldn't stomache anything egg related 
I dream of ZoMBieS ! 
contemplating things .. idk .. i'll think of something .. 
watch at 0330 am .. gah , lame .. 
the rite with < PROPFIRST > hopkins at 7:30 .. looks good 
just watched THE RITe . badass movie btw 
tired as a motha****er ... thank you 5 hour energy drinks , you've saved me these last two days ... 
still can't sleep .. maybe some hip hop will relax me .. tired but i just can't sleep 
listening to snoop , wanting to go eat .. 
I killed a bear with a knife once ... his name was < PROPMALE > . 
spent over 1000 dollars today , lol . damn , that went fast . 800 left from my tax return ... oh wait .. nope zero .. hello credit card company 
watching the fighter ... mark wahlberg is beastly so far 
bored ... waiti ng for a dryer to open up so i can dry my clothes 
loving my new camera , think ima head down to the beach wednesday to take some photos ... 
now to tell the world good nite once more , and smash my head down into the floor , my body is tired , my mind is sore , now to rest and heal some more ... 
Rain , rain . Go away , that's what all the haters say ! 
wish photoshop would download faster 
People always have secrets . It's just a matter of finding them out 
AUTO flush toilets make me feel like a JEDI . 
dropped my phone in my room somewhere .... so pissed i can't find it right now 
Wooo Found my phone . Turns out it was inside my shoe from the gym for some reason . 
i need a vote here .. whothinks i shuld wait to buy my new car in spain ( have it then and there ) , or get it while im in the states and get it moved there(minimum of 2 months waiting on it ) ... 
just walked back from watch . it's hella cold outside . 
so I went tanning earlier for the first time ever ... don't think I did it right . Def . have a line under my arm though . lmao 
Music as a Weapon Concert tonite , woohoo !!! 
The concert rocked , even tho we missed the two opening bands due to car trouble , and traffic .. Disturbed rocked , Korn fuckin beasted that shit ... 
Uber tired today , glad i don't have work . 
lol . just watched mama mia . nice movie , haven't seen it before 
nothing to do but watch movies today . not interested in the superbowl ... 
mm . taquitos . thank you texmex , you saved me for dinner ... 
pretty women get's funnier every time . lmao 
not watchin the superbowl , but here's a premonition for ya ! 100 % guaranteed to come true ... Here you go .... The team wearing yellow is gonna win ! 
feeling great right now , relaxed after i got off work . lethargic and pissy all morning , wtf man .. that was a big downer to start the day like 
come on babe , help me breaK free from my troubled mind , and lets walk togther through the sands of time ... 
feelin shitty right now .. cold n < PROPFEMALE > outside but i made it back to the room in a record 20 minutes from watch this time .. 
reading and watching tv .. not much else to do tonight ... 
Just realized how much of a whiney B*tch I and alot of other people's status read lately .. wtf .. def . and odd trend 
la la la bamba 
woo hoo .. movie time .. cold's going away a bit more today too 
screw pizza hut for not deliverin to the base , i called Domino's! 
on call tonight for duty driver , hope they don't call tho . cause idk if my phone would pick up the call . 
woo hoo ... earned me some man points by semi-fixin the car in a parkin lot ... those'll be lost as soon as i say sumthing stupid tho 
going home to Gonzales , La . for the weekend ... hit me up ... 
leaving < PROPMALE > at noon to go back to biloxi ... work monday : C 
drinkin tonight . txt me if you wanna do something . kk . later 
fightin off the boredom . hooyah for a creative mind or i'd go crazy ... or am I already there ... O.o Lol . 
bout to hit the hay .. work in the am .. luckily it'll be an ok day 
just replaced the last 3 spark plugs on Vogels car , with help on the seond one , since none of us could get the effing spark plug wire plug to come out after the wire snapped off it . Managed to break one spark plug coming out too . But it's over n done with , all i have to show is a better runnin car and a caouple scratches n cuts . lmao . 
watch from balls to two . awesome . 
off work ... sleep .. question of the day , \Can I use you as a pillow ? Idk if I'll make it to my bed . \ " XD " 
well my hand hurts , guess the wall won that argument ... ^^ 
cheese n crackers , minus the crackers ... awesome 
pretty nice night down at the bonfire ... splashed V and then her n < PROPFEMALE > got me back . lol 
fucking Hu-rare-ias 
had a decent night . tired now .. 
finally got some sleep .. needed that 
It's hard to argue , when your making sense ... 
I lost my heart , I buried it too deep , Under the iron sea ... 
Run for the hills before they burn , Listen to the sound of the world , then watch it turn ... 
To this world I'm unimportant , \ 
Just because I have nothing to give , \ 
So you call this your free country , \ 
Tell me why it cost so much to live ... 
... Such a lonely day , \ 
Shouldn’t exist , \ 
It’s a day that ill never miss ... 
\ ... I've found a reason to show 
this must be what it feels like to have to much free time ... i hate it ... def . just chucked my phone across the courtyard .. gonna try reading 
\ .. I could take it all but I'm not living when you're not here ... \"" 
I may be broken , but got damn it . I have super glue . 
music so loud the paint falls off the wall , my ear drums burst and I forget all , the world disappears and there's only the music and me ... 
mellowed out today , nothing to do . Ima probably just read the 2nd book of the week . The girl who played with fire . finished the first book in the series yesterday . A ravishing novel , I couldn ' put it down except for sleep and work . And even then I tried to sneak in as much time to read it . 
I went to the gas station this morning in dress uniform . First the lady thought I was 14 , so she carded me for a pack of cigarettes which i waited patiently all night for . And Then she asked me for my military id , because I was , quote \Not wearing my uniform \"." 
\It's like a bad movie \ 
so the popo showed up tonite , they were chill ... still don't like em . miltary or civilian wise 
\There's a train leaving town in an hour 
\I have to block out thoughts of you 
\Ninety-nine dreams I have had 
\I'm not after fame and fortune 
Battle Los Angeles ... good movie compared to the comercials previews ... thought it would suck but i liked it . 
\Yesterday is history 
I've decided not to txt anyone this weekend until they txt me . 
\I want you to notice when I'm not around 
\Think I'm stranded but I don't know where 
\We have one < PROPMALE > . \ 
\If I could be who you wanted 
\Girl you're wanted like a wanted man 
\I just wanna hold you close 
\Why don't you tell your dreams to me 
\People think I'm insane because I am frowning all the time 
want to talk to her , but i doubt she will even want to talk today . 
It feels like I lost someone I never had a hold of . 
Just because I don't talk to you , doesn't mean I don't miss you . I'm just waiting for you to miss me . * 
I'm going to change the name of my ipod to \the titanic\ " so whenever i plug it in to my computer it says \ " the titanic is syncing \"." 
I turn up the music louder , so i can tune out reality ... 
time to make this long and amazing trip across the pond to a lil country called Spain . keep ya posted until i run out of service , lets hope my phone still works overseas like the < PROPMALE > said it did . lol 
in norfolk , leavin at 2100 tonight for spain 
Leavin for spain in the next 20 < PROPFEMALE > . Post again asap after i land . Nite peeps . 
spain flight postponed till 5 am in the mornin est 
made it to Spain , pretty cool , slept majority of the ride here 
Even through a crowd of a million people all I see is you . 
You've got the arms i want to be wrapped in , the smile i want to be the cause of , the eyes i want to get lost in , and the voice i want to listen to for hours i <3 u ! 
got my spanish phone , now i have to figure out how to work it , and what the number is ... 
just saw an amazing place out in town which if i can get it i'd love . Big roomy , cheep , nice looking , has a yard . a little farther from base than i'd like , but manageable . i hope i get it . Fingers crossed . 
we all two lives ... the one we live .. and the one we dream of living .. 
