ddldldls 

just discovered facebook and didn't know what the \share\ " option meant . I'm a little overwhelmed . Apparently can't delete that last bit of nonsense . " 
Work wasn't so awful , for a Sunday . 
digs Thursdays and shortbread . 
-Saturday night's all right with me .... 
Loves Halloween time . 
... it's gonna come a cold hard rain . 
' s texts are not working ... AND my key is still stuck in my door . At least its almost time for Glee ! 
wonders why the internet knows me so well . Is it not creepy ? 
has turned into an insomniac . By my standards . 
-- my key has been freed , by a regular < PROPMALE > Charming ! 
is furious the world series is interfering with glee !!! Furious ! 
had the best Halloween ever ! 
Um , I think I lost my cat Idgie . Shit . < PROPFIRST>'s kitties weren't meant to be confined I guess . Hope he comes back . 
Idgie came back ! He showed up at my door about two this morning ! Yae !!! 
-excited about more fun this weekend ! 
home sweet home . 
needs a vacation . Okay , wants a vacation . 
is thrilled to have just realized she can hide farmville and mafia wars updates . Completely not interested , not even a little bit . 
wondering why the tv is playing a constant stream of public services announcements-topics include being a good friend when someone has a mental illness , speaking up when a friend is driving recklessly , and not posting photos of a questional nature online . 
high on that good music ! Good stuff . 
loves Glee . Only two more episodes this season ! Also loves wine . 
Ah , the weekend . Road trip tomorrow to see Captain KJ ! 
has had a perfect evening ! 
Five day vacay begins ! Transiberian Orchestra tonight ! 
I'ma get more shine than a little bit . 
read a good book today . \This is Water . \"" 
browsing regretsy , seriously laughing outloud . A lot . 
car shoppin . I hate it . 
Poor Tiger . Lost all his sponsorships because of his illness . He's a sex addict , dontcha know . 
is loving this < PROPFEMALE > Sunday . 
ready to admit I was swindled by the layway vacation . Wish me luck trying to get a refund ! 
bought a car ! A volvo wagon ! 
Had a fantastic family filled weekend ! I feel very blessed most of the time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > episodes on YouTube ? Fantastic ! 
is finally in Winona-town , after a long drive in the rain . Happy Easter weekend ! Excited to see the < PROPFEMALE > folks ! Izzie and < PROPFEMALE > , that is . 
Oh yeah-does anyone in KC want a futon ? 
--- Kon had a great idea of organizing a bike ride to < PROPFIRST>'s funeral . It's gonna be in midtown , so should be easy to manage . Anyone interested , please pass it on . I know not everyone is on facebook , so tell those who aren't . I'm sure extra bikes could be acquired for anyone who doesn't have their own . 
Enjoying this Sunday afternoon . 
Happy Earth Day , friends . Do something good for the earth today , even if it's just to quietly appreciate it . But probably do more than that , really . 
nearly < PROPMALE > bound ! 
-- I will no longer be carrying around photo ID . Know why ? People should know who I am . 
loving < PROPMALE > vacation ! 
On mountain time . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > White . Best SNL episode in years . Maybe ever ! Also , happy Mother's Day to all the moms I know ! 
hasn't seen that much mud since Ozzfest ' 97 . Okay , so that wasn't really me , but it was worth repeating . 
Tuckered . It's almost nap time . 
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes , friends ! Happy birthday also to my dear friends < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! 
refreshed as can be from the weekend . Time for moving now ! 
has free internet ! Just another reason why I love the new place ! 
has the itchies . And it's driving me mad ! 
just caught the end of a news story with the headline \homicide checkpoint . \ " What ? " 
enjoying the stillness . 
excited for the weekend-fourth of July ! 
I hear leaders quit their lying , I hear babies quit their crying , I hear soldiers quit their dying , I hear them all , I hear them all , I hear them all . 
< PROPFEMALE > , f *** yeah . 
cereal for dinner . Yum . 
needs a good camping trip . 
had a good little bike ride ! 
Oh . My . God . This is unbelievable ! 
had a most fantastic field day ! Thanks , friends ! 
up before the sun . 
Sometimes you win , and sometimes you learn . 
happy to be in < PROPFEMALE > for a couple days . Excited to see my family and old friends . 
packing for camping ... cannot WAIT ! 
I'm clean .... I'm cleeeaann ! 
loves cooking shows . Thanks , KCPT . 
chop chop chopping vegetables . 
just realized I may be a < PROPFIRST > Bieber fan . Not like in a huge way , but just enough to recognize he is adorable and kinda talented . 
so-aked ! Despite the rain tho , enjoyed the ethnic festival ! 
sweet sweet Sunday . I feel like shopping . 
Buh Buh Buh !!!!! That's some evil shit . 
It's almost hoodie season !!! Who's excited ? 
pretty good little Thursday . 
<3 Kon 
antsy pantsy . 
loves the thunder . 
family fun time in < PROPFEMALE > . Happy Labor Day weekend ! 
back home , and contemplating the appropriate way to spend the unofficial last evening of summer . The rest of the weekend has been just swell . 
Oh , Arizona , how you continue to make asses of yourselves . That unintelligible governor , absurd immigration business , and now Republicans adding homeless people to the Green Party ballot . Can't wait to see what the next couple months bring . 
Got us again , Mother Nature . Thanks . Rain was fun anyway . 
We're more alike than different . Embrace differences and practice love for your fellow people today , rather than exercising your right to be a fear-mongering bigot . 
Why am I up at 5 a.m. , you ask ? Cause Tuxedo had explosive diarrhea in our room , and the scent woke me up . Then as I was letting him outside to finish his business , gray cat snuck out . Hmmph . 
had a very nice mini-vacation , glad to be back home . 
Best harvest < PROPFEMALE > party ever ! 
what a nice lazy Sunday . No need to get caught up in the technicality of it actually being Thursday . 
Why does the facebook spell check not recognize \facebook\ " as a word ? " 
What a fall-tastic weekend ! 
\Don’t focus on the one guy who hates you . You don’t go to the park and set your picnic down next to the only pile of dog shit . \"" 
kinda misses myspace . It had so much personality ! Eh . 
probably should've been cleaning today , but its so cold in the house , and so warm and < PROPFEMALE > on the porch . Therefore reading on the porch won out . 
Yeah , toast ! 
Really , immune system ? Is this the appropriate time to allow a cold/flu to take over ? I got a sick dad , a lady going to < PROPFEMALE > and a one year old's birthday party to attend . So mostly I just don't wanna be getting other folks sick . 
Tried out raking for the first time . So many leaves ! 
gettin ' shit done ! 
Halloween parties are great , but ... is it ten o'clock tomorrow night yet ?! 
Happy Halloween , dear souls . 
Yae for doing your civic duty . And now for the < PROPFIRST > .... 
This is bullcrap , in the words of my favorite little sociopath . 
Just learned from browsing vacation package deals that you can get airfare and 4 nights in Overland Park , Kansas starting at $600 ! Awesome . 
And remember to ret her into your heart ...! 
has enjoyed this \fall back\ " day ! " 
Stop rafing the English language . 
so thankful-for family and friends that love and accept me , for never needing to worry about my basic needs being met , and for all the opportunities Ive had to learn and grow . 
Oh Christmas tree , oh Christmas tree ......! 
always enjoys exploring small towns through their court systems . Nice to meet you , Bolivar . Thanks for the hospitality . 
Inspired by simplicity . 
Family day , F yeah . 
Glass half empty , half full , I'll spill ya . 
Holiday season is making my jeans smaller . I need a workout < PROPMALE > ! 
day of rest . 
Sledding magic ! And I don't wanna jinx it , but I love my Volvo in this snow . 
Gemini ' til the day I die ! 
When machines and computers , profit motives and property rights , are considered more important than people , the giant triplets of racism , extreme materialism , and militarism are incapable of being conquered . - Dr. MLK , Jr. 
< PROPFEMALE > Kunis should've gotten a nomination . 
Go Black Eyed Peas ! You got this shit ! 
hibernation station . 
Snap snap go the < PROPFEMALE > snaps . It's the simple things . 
It's my lady's birthday , fun starts right meow ! 
What a great weekend it has been ! 
I just saw a caterpillar ! 
Three big gay and happy stories in one day ? Wow ! 
filling my head full of gardening info . 
Red wine and fruit cured my cold , I do believe . 
I'm tired of pretending I'm not a total , bitchin ' rock < PROPFEMALE > from Mars . 
