Fantastic trip to the aquarium . We all got to pet sting rays and sharks . Very memorable ! What a great day !! 

We need to get more SSS people on Facebook !! 
Choose your path or it will be chosen for you . 
Well Sportsman's Club canceled their fireworks tonight . < PROPFEMALE > will hold theirs a week from now . Most other places will hold theirs tomorrow night . Bricktown went ahead and had theirs . We'll have to call Sportsman's and see when theirs will be reschedule 
Happy Independence Day !!! Hope everyone had a good time . 
Talked with Sportsman's Club . They've postponed their fireworks till Labor Day . 
Finals Week - Every one take a deep breath , eat HEALTHY , get pleanty of sleep , and keep a positive attitude . 
Busy this week recruiting new students for Student Support Services . Help ! If you know any students who could use our services , send them our way . 
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass ; it's about dancing in the rain . 
Is everyone enrolled for Fall 09 ? Classes are really filling up . I want to see you all back this fall and in the classes that you would prefer to take . 
Busy day today . Probably busier tomorrow . I'll be glad when school starts 
Happy Dancin ' Happy Dancin ' It's Friiiiday !!!!! 
I'm back from doing battle with the flu . Still a little tired , but I think I won and I'm so glad to be back . 
\Review for Test 1 - Intermediate Algebra\ " TODAY - September 21st - Student Services Conference Room - Across from < PROPFEMALE>'s desk . " 
Wonderful weekend at Quartz Mountain . Now I'm back and ready to go ! 
Transfer visit to the University of Oklahoma Health Science Center this Friday . You MUST be here between 9:00 and 9:15 to sign the insurance forms . Anyone arriving after the insurance forms have been faxed will not be allowed to go on the trip . DO NOT call at the last minute and say , “I’m running late . Wait for me . ” If you are not here on time , we will not wait . So , plan ahead . 
Happy MONDAY ! 
Graphing Math Equations workshop tomorrow ( WEDNESDAY ) from ( 1-2 ) Pistol < PROPMALE > Room , 3rd floor . 
Life is never the way it's supposed to be . It's the way it is . The way you cope with it is what makes the difference . 
Student Leaders of Tomorrow meeting is This WEDNESDAY , from 12-1 in the \new conference room\ " across the hall from Pistol < PROPMALE > . A couple of officers positions are still available . " 
TODAY : “Operations on Polynomials” , 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. , Student Services Conference Room ( across from < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
Look on the white boards in SSS for a posting of the differences between cold and flu symptoms . 
Dress WARM for the trip to the Festival of Lights tonight . Temperatures are going pretty low and the park will be cold . It should be a fun trip , but we all need to dress for the weather . 
Dress warmly today - bitter cold outside . We don't want you to get sick the week before finals ! 
We have been notified by the City of Oklahoma City that the two right lanes of westbound NW 10th Street at Portland Avenue will be closed for construction and repairs starting Monday , Dec . 14 . This will affect traffic exiting I-44 onto westbound NW 10th Street Consider taking the NW 23rd Street exit or an alternate route for the next few weeks . 
Happy Birthday - Alleta Raines's , Griffin Smith's , and < PROPFIRST > Lord !!! 
FINALS WEEK ! Good luck to everyone - Remember to eat healthy and get plenty of sleep ! 
: Study Break at 11:30 in the Student Center ! FREE hot chocolate and cookies ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! I know I'm a little late , but there was a death in the family and I've been out of town . Hope you are enjoying the snow ! 
Orientation/GAME DAY = Thursday , 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. ( Free Food - Fabulous People - FUN , FUN , FUN ! ) Contact < PROPFEMALE > and let her know you're attending . 945-8627 , turnerp@osuokc.edu 
\Our attitude towards life determines life's attitude toward us . \"" 
There are no passengers on spaceship earth . We are all crew . - < PROPFIRST > McLuhan , educator and philosopher ( 1911-1980 ) 
JEEZ ! I sat I my desk waiting for the agonizingly slow clock to reach 5:30 so I could get off work . FINALLY ! I close everything up , walk out into the lobby and no one is there and the area is closed up . I forgot it was FRIDAY and I always get off at 5 on FRIDAY . JEEZ !!! I feel so stupid . 
FIRST DAY OF CLASSES - Remember to come EARLY ! Parking is going to be horrid . 
Welcome Back !!!! We missed you guys ! 
\It is not what we eat but what we digest that makes us strong ; not what we gain but what we save that makes us < PROPMALE > ; not what we read but what we remember that makes us learned ; and not what we profess but what we practice that gives us integrity . \"- Francis Bacon " 
“Be kind whenever possible . It is always possible . ” ~ Dalai Lama 
There is still some food left in the Taco Bar . ( Back to School Kick Off : President's Suite , Student Center , 3rd floor ) 
Trust yourself . You know more than you think you do . 
“If you want others to be happy , practice compassion . If you want to be happy , practice compassion . ” ~ Dalai Lama 
Another earthquake at 1:15 this morning 3.6 , epicenter Jones . Felt in Midwest City and Choctaw . WTH - this is Oklahoma . 
Quite an exciting night last night . I connected with a long lost relative who spotted me on facebook , and my godson's daughter , < PROPFEMALE > , was born . Life is good . 
“There is no way to happiness , happiness is the way . ” ~ Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
Years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bow lines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the tradewinds in your sails . Explore ... Dream ... Discover . \ " , 201 0-0 1-26 04:53:46 " 
With an ice storm moving in on Thursday , remember to go out tonight or tomorrow and stock up of food you can eat without heat and unscented candles in case we lose power . 
Fixed a big pot of Garden Vegetable Soup today and took some to mom just as the sleet was starting . What shall I do for tomorrow ? Chili ? 
< PROPMALE > picked up a small battery powered TV that I can velcro to the treadmill . Sooo . Cool ... 
So , what is everyone doing this cold wintery night ? 
Last night homemade Garden Vegetable Soup , tonight < PROPFEMALE > Pecan Pork Loin roast with carrots and beets . Tomorrow Chili , followed by meatloaf Sunday . I haven't cooked this much since the last snow storm . 
A normally 5 minute drive out of the neighborhood took almost 40 minutes . Stalled car on Tulsa north of 50th had traffic backed up for almost 1/2 mile . Once I made it to Portland the road wasn't as bad . You still had to go a little slower and use caution , but it was drivable . 
The roads and parking lots are looking a lot better . YAY ! 
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough . Without ever having felt sorry for itself . -- D.H. < PROPFIRST > ... 
¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
Cultural Event : ( Paseo Pottery , Creig's Emporium , and Sauced ) leaves at 10 AM ! Can't wait for this one . Awesome trip . See you there . 
Today is the final day to turn in OSU-OKC Tuition Waiver Scholarship applications for Fall 2010 . We have applications set out near the white boards in the SSS lab . 
ONLY \3\ " Spaces left for the Career Fair and \ " THUNDER\ " tickets !!! Contact < PROPFEMALE > immediately if you are planning on attending ! ( 945-8627 ) " 
summer & fall open enrollment begins TODAY ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s daughter had a bouncing baby Boy , Alaric . He weighed in at 9 lbs 7 oz . He was 21 inches long . Born 12:07 p.m. today . Mom , baby , and grandma doing fine . 
Transfer visit to OSU - Stillwater is this Friday . If you are planning on going , be sure and sign up so I will have a headcount . 
I wanted a perfect ending . Now I've learned , the hard way , that some poems don't rhyme , and some stories don't have a clear beginning , middle , and end . Life is about not knowing , having to change , taking the moment and making the best of it , without knowing what's going to happen next . Delicious ambiguity . - < PROPFEMALE > Radner -actress and comedian ( 1946-1989 ) 
Let the rain kiss you . Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops . Let the rain sing you a lullaby . ~ Langston Hughes 
On this day 15 years ago I lost 13 friends in the time it took for a single heartbeat . And in that 15 years , the world has learned nothing . I love you all - take care . 
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret . Whatever your goal , you can get there if you're willing to work . -Oprah Winfrey 
OSU-OKC Student Support Services : The semester is drawing to a close . Double check to make sure all your work has been turned in . Start now to prep for your final exams . 
One more week until Final Exams - Remember the SSS Lab and tutors are here and available if you need them . 
Life consists of what a person is thinking of all day . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , writer and philosopher ( 1803-1882 ) 
You got < PROPMALE > bed ! ? / This is < PROPMALE > , copy & paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \\ take over Facebook .... __ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ This is < PROPMALE>'s house 
OSU-OKC Student Support Services : The deadline for applying for the SSS Awards Banquet ( Held May 6th ) is THIS FRIDAY - TOMORROW - April 30th !!! If you have not signed up you will not be able to attend . The reservation will be for yourself and may include up to 1 adult guest . 
The SSS/SLT PICNIC is this SATURDAY !!! < PROPFIRST > your calendars for Saturday , May 1st , 2010 from 11 to 2 at Will Rogers Park ( 36 & Portland ) at the un-gated pavilion next to the pool . This is a wonderful opportunity for SSS members and their families to < PROPFEMALE > out together and enjoy the weather . Get the kids out of the house . [ A sign-up sheet is posted on Mike’s door . ] or call Mike : 945-9164 , lmichaj@osuokc.edu 
TODAY is the LAST DAY to sign-up for the Awards Banquet . The banquet is THIS THURSDAY at 6 pm . < PROPFEMALE > = 945-8627 
Did you know that an estimated 25% of school-aged children in OKLAHOMA go to bed HUNGRY every night ?? That’s right , right here in Oklahoma . These kids aren’t just missing a bedtime snack , they’re missing dinner . The “Stamp Out Hunger” nationwide food drive is this Saturday . Just leave a bag of nonperishable food beside your mailbox . Your mail carrier will do the rest . Please participate . Thanks ! 
If you listen toyour fears , you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been . - Rbt . Schuller 
OSU-Stillwater : Engineering team takes second at regional robotics contest . 
We had the Awards Banquet on campus tonight . I was so proud of my students , I had tears in my eyes . 
FINALS WEEK !!! \ 
Good luck to everyone ! And , \Remember to breathe \"" 
From Ned : \You can't leave footprints in the sands of time by sitting on your butt . And who wants to leave buttprints in the sands of time ? \ " -\ 
The halls are quiet without students . What are you all up to ? It has to be a lot more exciting then sitting at my desk at work ? 
Hoping everyone had a great Memorial Weekend ! 
Libra ( September 23 - October 22 ) \ 
You will discover a horror almost beyond imagining today -- \ 
your home is inhabited by the ghost of an insurance salesman . Who you gonna call ? 
\The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything ; they\ 
Note-taking Workshop tomorrow , TUESDAY , from 1-2 . \ 
Rules for Algebra Workshop , WEDNESDAY , from 1-2 
Back to School Kickoff ( FREE Pizza and Drawings for supplies ) WEDNESDAY . Drop by between 11-1 , 3rd 
Note-taking workshop TODAY from 1-2 in the conference room across from < PROPFEMALE > 
LIBRA ( September 23 - October 22 ) \ 
Good day to begin that toothpick sculpture you've been thinking of . You'll be the only private individual ( aside from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) who orders toothpicks by the case . < PROPFEMALE > goes through several boxes just sticking breakfast together , I hear . 
Insecurity is the greatest social piranha in the pool of human existence . \ 
Yet discovering that no matter what anyone else thinks , you can still choose your own thoughts , manifest your own things , and live happily ever after is like wearing underwater , titanium body armor in your favorite color , with built-in rabbit ear slippers and a ghetto-like hoodie . 
BACK TO SCHOOL KICK-OFF today from 11-1 . Join us in Conference South ( 3rd Floor ) for Pizza , Drawings , and Informational Handouts . 
Today is the last day to drop classes and get a refund !!! \ 
\ 
After today you will owe the tuition , even if you drop the class . 
Be careful if you try to be funny , today . Although you are normally renowned for your dry wit , you may be a bit soggy , today . 
Broadway Extension Northbound into < PROPMALE > is shut down due to a bomb threat . 
I will be out of the office for most of today . 
2 workshops today - \ 
9:45 - 10:40 ( Pistol < PROPMALE > ) Editing and Proofing your Papers . \ 
2:00 - 3:00 ( SS Conference Room ) Solving Word Problems 
I'll be out of the office all day tomorrow ( Friday ) See you Monday . 
\Conquering the Comma\ " workshop is Tuesday ( tomorrow ) 9:45 - 10:45 in SC304 . " 
I will be off the next couple of weeks . 2 important items to note are ( 1 ) The last day to drop/withdraw from classes is July 16th . and , ( 2 ) < PROPMALE > Connell will be holding Math review sessions for final exams . Please contact him for dates and times . 
This is the 4th week of classes . You are HALFWAY through the summer semester . Are you behind on any assignments or papers ? Do you have any < PROPMALE > projects whose due dates are coming up in the next couple of weeks ? 
Thanks , < PROPFIRST > , and everyone . The surgery went well and I should be back at OSU sometime around August 6th . 
I know the semester is wrapping up . Just wanted to say Hi to everyone and wish you luck on your finals . Take a deep breath - Believe in yourself - Eat a healthy diet - Get plenty of sleep . I love you all . Take care . 
I'm BACK .... As a lot of you know , I had surgery this summer . As I was recovering from surgery , I fell and badly sprained my left ankle and broke my right ankle . Now I'm in a cast , wheelchair , and weening myself off of the splint for my left ankle . I'm doing well and can't wait to see you guys at orientation on Wednesday or Thursday ! 
Welcome Back !!! \ 
Orientation is this Wednesday or Thursday from 9-2 . ( Please attend one of these events . ) Classes begin next week : Do you have your books , supplies , financial aid in order ? 
FIRST Day of Classes - Tomorrow ( Tuesday ) 12-1 Meet with < PROPFIRST > in the SS Conference Room ( across from < PROPFEMALE>'s desk ) for \Let's Get Organized - bring your planners and syllabi . ( Wednesday 2-3 ) Meet with < PROPMALE > in SC 304 for \ " How to use My Math Lab \"" 
Back to School Kickoff is this THURSDAY from 11-2 . Drop in for a free lunch and door prizes . SC 304 
Project SOAR : BACK TO SCHOOL KICKOFF = TODAY 11-1 , Conference South , ( 3rd floor of Student Center ) Drop in for FREE Pizza and door prizes !!! 
\How to be Successful in Math\ " TODAY from 1-2 in Pistol < PROPMALE > Room ( 3rd floor of the Student Center - at the end of the long hall ) " 
It has always seemed strange to me that in our endless discussions about education so little stress is laid on the pleasure of becoming an educated person , the enormous interest it adds to life . To be able to be caught up into the world of thought -- that is to be educated . - < PROPFEMALE > Hamilton , educator and writer ( 1867-1963 
WORKSHOP : \Writing Essays\ " is today from 10-11 in SC-304 " 
Remember it is the last week to drop a 16 week class without penalty . 
WORKSHOP : \Rules for Algebra\ " is from 2-3 pm today in the Pistol < PROPMALE > Room ( 3rd floor of the Student Center ) " 
\14\ " DAYS !!!!! " 
Today's Horiscope : Libra ( September 23 - October 22 ) A tomato features in today's cuisine . Sadly , that's going to be your pinnacle of excitement for today . 
Transfer Visit to Stillwater leaves early in the morning ! We are leaving by 8:45 - don't be late . 
WOW - That game was a heart stopper . 
WORKSHOP today \Memory - Use it or Lose it\ " \ 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > will be taking approximately 16 students to the Wichita Wildlife Refuge this Friday . Only 16 can attend based on our transportation options . Be sure and double check with < PROPFEMALE > about availability for those on the Waiting List . Starting tomorrow ( Wed ) she will start contacting those on the Waiting List to fill the slate of students going . 
MID-term is upon us . Check with your professors and make sure they have received all your assignments . How are your test grades ? Do you need to be working with the tutors ? 
Just downloaded FREE Kindle for PC to my laptop computer . Then downloaded ( purchased for $0 dollars from Amazon ) several reference books . Check it out . 
Requests for Mid-Term Grade Reports have gone out , so some of you may be hearing from us over the next week or two . The thing is : some teachers don't report back . CHECK NOW to see if you have any work missing and what your grades are in the class . ( We're halfway home - just < PROPFEMALE > in a little while longer ) 
Fall Break starts tomorrow - \ 
Campus is CLOSED until Monday . \ 
MONDAY is the First Day of Enrollment for Spring Semester ! ( Get in early so you can pick the best times and instructors ) 
FIRST DAY OF SPRING 2011 ENROLLMENT !!! \ 
( Parking is full so come early for classes ) 
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground , but a kind word is never thrown away . 
The transfer visit to the OU Health Sciences Center , scheduled for tomorrow , will be LEAVING 15 MINUTES EARLLY at 8:45 a.m. !!!!!! 
Insanity - a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world . -RD Laing , psychiatrist and author ( 1927-1989 ) 
Don't be afraid to go where you've never gone and do what you've never done , because both are necessary to have what you've never had and be who you've never been . 
OSU-OKCFeeling brave ? Come climb the National Guard rock wall from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. outside the Student Center ! 
URGENT : We NEED canned items for Thanksgiving Baskets that will be distributed to those Project Soar Families that are in need . Please place these in the box outside < PROPFIRST > Lopez's office by NOON THIS FRIDAY !! 
THIS FRIDAY , NOVEMBER THE 19TH IS THE LAST DAY TO DROP OR AUDIT A 16 WEEK CLASS !!!! 
I slept and dreamt that life was joy . I awoke and saw that life was service . I acted and behold , service was joy . -Rabindranath Tagore , philosopher , author , songwriter , painter , educator , composer , Nobel laureate ( 1861-1941 ) 
Last day to drop or withdraw from classes is TOMORROW . 
D2L upgrade will temporarily close website \ 
Information Technology will be upgrading the Online Course Delivery Service , Desire2Learn , to the new version 9.1 on Wednesday , Nov . 24 . The website https://oc.okstate.edu will not be available from 7 a . m . - 5 p.m. that day while the upgrade is being installed . 
ATTENTION : We need your help . \ 
We have 16 places left in Project SOAR that need to be filled before Christmas break . Do you have any friends or classmates who could benefit from the free tutoring and other services that we provide ? 
We do not remember days , we remember moments . - Cesare Pavese 
Either you run the day or the day runs you . 
Welcome to 2011 ! \ 
Just a quick reminder that SOAR orientation this semester will be Wednesday , January 12th ( NEXT WEEK ) 8:30 - 2:00 , Engineering Tech Building , Rm . 134 . \ 
< PROPFIRST > your calendars . 
Have you enrolled for Spring 2011 ? \ 
Classes begin in 2 weeks . 
The Spring 2011 Project SOAR Orientation ( January 12th ) has been cancelled and merged with the January 20th Back to School Kickoff . This will be held in the President's Suite ( 3rd floor across from elivator ) This is a come and go event between 11am-1pm . A great buffet of chicken , potatoes , and trimmings will be served . See you there . 
Welcome to the week before classes begins . \ 
Are all of your financial aid issues worked out ? \ 
Do you have your textbooks and school supplies ? 
Classes Begin on TUESDAY !!!!!!!! \ 
We will be closed Monday for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day . 
Welcome Back ! Even though it's cold outside , Spring Classes begin today . \ 
Looking forward to seeing you all . 
Back to Schoool Kick Off tomorrow from 11-1 . \ 
Drop by the President's Suite ( 3rd floor ) for a hot meal and free school supplies . 
OSU-OKC CAMPUS CLOSED UNTIL NOON ! \ 
Exercise caution during commute ! Faculty/staff : contact your supervisors if you are affected by weather . Students : contact your professors if you are going to be delayed or absent . Stay tuned to local news , the website and social media for any updates . 
Back to School Kick Off has been cancelled due to ice/snow and campus closing . 
Someone asked about 11:30 classes . We will not be open at 11:30 . Skip that class . Check with your professor for any class after noon to see if they are coming to campus . If you can't reach them assume class is meeting for any class that starts after 12:00 . ( Some professors and students with children in public schools may not make it . ) 
If you can't make afternoon/evening classes today due to weather , REMEMBER to call or e-mail your professor and let them know . The news is saying that most of the main roads will improve , but if you can't make it due to childcare issues or anything else , contact your instructors ! ( If they make it they expect you to be there as well ) 
The Back to School Kickoff has been RESCHEDULED for next Tuesday in Conference North ( 3rd floor ) from 11-1 . 
To accomplish great things , we must not only act , but also dream ; not only plan , but also believe . ~ Anatole < PROPFEMALE > 
OSU-OKC Faculty , staff and students – Check your emergency contact information through OKEY . The Campus Emergency Notification System includes your phone number to receive text and voice messages , and may be used during weather closings . If you are not signed up , log on today through okey.okstate.edu . 
OSU-OKC\ 
Campus closes at 8 p.m. Monday , January 31 ! Classes are canceled and campus will be closed Tuesday , February 1 ! The Child Development Center will also be closed . Stay tuned to local news , the website and social media for any updates . 
< PROPFEMALE > Schank has re-scheduled the Conquering the Comma Workshop for next Wednesday , Feb . 23 , 10-11 am , in Conf South . 
< PROPMALE > Connell is holding Math Session on \Graph Linear Equations\ " TODAY in the Project SOAR Lab from 2:30 - 3:30 p.m. " 
By the end of this week we will be 1/4 of the way through the Spring semester . 
Okc Zoo\ 
Yea sunshine ! The Zoo re-opens today at noon , and remember - it's a FREE admission Monday ! We can't wait to see your smiling faces ! 
Campus closes at 8 p.m. Tuesday ! Classes are canceled and campus is closed Wednesday , February 9 ! The Child Development Center will also be closed . If you are unable to attend evening classes Tuesday , contact your instructor . 
OSU-OKC opens today at 10 AM 
OKC broke a new record last night when the temps got down to -5 degrees . Bartlesville made it to -27 degrees . Bundle up when you get out today . 
? ? ? Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all ? ? ? 
Okc Zoo ( Looking for a summer job ? )\ 
Work on the Wild Side ! The Zoo needs happy , energetic people for gift shops , food & beverage , rides , catering , ticket booths , custodial & more . These are par t-t ime jobs thru Fall , both weekend & weekday positions available . Apply in person with ID's to Guest Relations , 9am to 4pm , Thur ., Fri , or Sat . Oklahoma City Zoo 2101 NE 50th St , OKC . Must be 16 or older . 
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out ; it's the pebble in your shoe . 
When you remember that you are the author of your own life story , you are free to create a masterpiece . 
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking . - Black Elk 
Listening to rain and thunder is good for the soul . 
A sure sign of old age , extolling the past at the expense of the present . - < PROPFIRST > Smith , writer and clergyman ( 1771-1845 ) 
Watched Inception last night and loved it . If you see me spinning little tops on my desk , you'll know where my head's at - or isn't! LOL Seriously . Great movie . 
It's MARCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We made it through another winter !! 
Hope everyone is having an enjoyable Spring Break ! 
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect whether he chooses to be so or not . - < PROPMALE > Hawthorne 
Filling out FASFA today in the SOAR lab from 1-2 pm . \ 
See you there ! 
My friend went on a date with a girl called Simile . I asked him how it went . He said it wasn't serious ; he just metaphor a coffee . 
No cow's like a horse , and no horse like a cow . That's one similarity , anyhow . -Piet Hein , poet and scientist ( 1905-1996 ) 
Life is not a line ...... but a series of points . Any point can change the direction of the line ... 
\Never argue with a fool . Someone watching may not be able to tell the difference . \"" 
