1 . Moon 2 . The Hurt Locker 3 . The Hangover 4 . Zombieland 5 . Star Trek 6 . Thirst 7 . Sherlock Holmes 8 . District 9 9 . Inglorious Basterds 10 . Avatar 

looking for people i know , avoiding adding < PROPFEMALE > 
I feel sick .... totally gonna cough on everyone on tuesday . =) 
Who thinks going to the movies alone is sad ? 
and by the way , what happened to 2012 ? 
So on < PROPFIRST > . 16 , 2030 and for about 4 weeks after that I'm going to confine myself in my five acre , 154th story penthouse ... try killing me now death .................. * thinks about every final destination *.....* gulp . 
just didn't . 
Haha avoided her once again like the swine flu * cough * 
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't cope with drugs . 
Last day of work for me . 
Updating my myspace 
I'm gonna enjoy my retirement by always being on the floor , passed out , whenever my relatives walk into the room . 
I'm officially unemployed . 
Let's Do This !!!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swazye 
ohh myspace is < PROPFEMALE > awesome ! 
Why do I want to be a teacher just to fool around with my students ? 
Is suicide the ony crime one can commit without being arrested afterwards ? 
HOUSE !!! 
Awww , House is sane . 
So , who's annoying nowadays ? 
From the top of the pole I watch her go down 
I Googled Bing . 
Paging Doctor Faggot ! Doctor Faggot ! 
I wanna do bad things with you 
This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time . 
Unfortunately , no one can be told what the Matrix is . You have to see it for yourself . 
All the Single Ladies 
As your maker , I command you . 
KHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNN !!!!! 
Some men just want to watch the world burn . 
came home at 3 last night , pissed off family , I DO NOT CARE 
Just got back from the heat game , we lost , but all I saw were a bunch of black < PROPFEMALE > s fighting over a brown < PROPFEMALE > from the great seats I had . 8 > 
There is a box of twinkies in that groccery store , and not just any box of twinkies , THE LAST box of twinkies that anyone will enjoy in the whole universe . Believe it or not , Twinkies have an expiration date , someday very soon life's little Twinkie gauge is gonna go .. empty . 
It's ten-thirty , I'm drifting off and I'll be damned if I don't dream of Twinkies . 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
All I have in this world is my balls and my word and I don't break them for no one . 
Off to my Halloween Horror Nights weekend . 
I try and try to not recieve Jesus pamphlets from strangers ... 
His helmet was stifling , it narrowed his vision . And he must see far . His shield was heavy . It threw him off balance . And his target is far away . 
Hmm , depressed for some reason . 
Can't think of anything to say .... E ( 
Sneaking out now . =) ..... oh and uhhh shhhhh 
I've been a part of this world for 6404 days . You are welcomed , world . 
I hate < PROPMALE > , I'm gonna think about that all week . 
I want someone to tell me what is it that makes twilight and new < PROPFEMALE > so great . 
Give them nothing ..... 
Well , it's not gonna suck itself . 
Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club , Redwood Original 
My dog licked my balls ... 
BROWN SUGARRRR 
I was one of Tiger Woods ' mistresses 
What did < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ever do for the world ? 
500 Days ... 
The 6th rule of Fight Club is ignore the first two rules . 
Bored 
Still Bored 
Still Still Bored 
In a strange way , < PROPFIRST > Day < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Manson look alike . 
Who brings mail to the mailman ? 
Fucking bored ! 
day 8 
Day 11 
The first time is definitely the most important . 
The ice ain't melting it's just moving ... here . 
ep , almost didn't get it . Day 16 
I for one like Vin Diesel . 
I'm gonna meet the mayor tomorrow and I don't know what he looks like . 
I've been at war with chips all afternoon , among the dead are cheetos , doritos and fritos , memorial services will be held in 4 to 24 hours depending on my recent fiber intake . They will be missed . Sorely , very very sorely . 
Day 36 
Can't wait ' till the < PROPMALE > brothers hit rock bottom 
What do you do when the man leading you into battle is an imbecile ? 
Something in this heart has died . 
Ugh Red Cross ads while I'm trying to watch Family Guy 
And you kill the one person who could see what was being done , how wrong the world had become and was the only one who did something to fix it . 
Dislexai 
I wnet to the kitchen for a cracker , Icame back with a glazed doughnut , 3 musketeers bar and a brownie . I wasn't even hungry . :( 
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers . And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee . 
I'm having hemifacial spasms . 
Nothing like a little facebook to remind me of how many idiots i know ... and down with cynisism . 
Rest in peace President < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I still have a good nine more months . 
< PROPFIRST > washington's cavities would've been termites . 
I went to the fair yesterday and paid . I also want Pringles and my teeth hurt from the orthodontist appoinment . 
=P 
Why haven't feminists protested to change \Amen\ " to \ " Aperson ? \"" 
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know . -Hemingway 
Eating my feelings ... 
Still trying to get on Dateline's \To Catch A Predator \"" 
Breaking Bad =) ... Thanks Steph and < PROPFIRST > and ... Sophia .... I feel better ... well my mind does , not so much my body . =P 
Muhahahahahah ... muhahahahaha . * No one saw me * 
Suicide is man's way of telling God , \You can't fire me . I quit ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Maher " 
Dunking bread into I can't believe its not butter . 
I know I'm not forgiven but I need a place to sleep . 
I've misplaced my academy awards slip ... D : 
Watching perdido . 
I'm mad at the Islamic Revolution website for lacking any sense of humor when it comes to South Park . 
The following takes place between ... 
You don't cook cookies , they should be called bakies . 
Someone could've told me it was a repeat !!!! 
Stupid alarm ! 
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Tgiff 
At airport , grandparents dropping me off , no duct tape in sight .. =( 
I am alive . 
So between these < PROPMALE > kids having their proms and my dream last night I'm having trouble grasping back on to reality . Did our prom pass and did i miss it ? 
Hehehehe , duty 
1720 < PROPMALE > from home . 
Went to the federal reserve and US mint buildings in downtown < PROPMALE > . 
In < PROPMALE > int'l airport , going to < PROPFIRST > . :) 
In < PROPFIRST > , w8ing to go to MIA 
I'm hoooooooome !!!!!! 
American airlines movie list : 1 . Alive 2 . Final destination 1 3 . cast away 4 . Passenger 57 5 . < PROPFIRST > darko 
You could melt titanium at these temperatures . 
I got a car !!! 
Got my prom ticket 
I LOVE HOLDING MY KEYS !!!! 
Omicron Persei 8 XD 
=((( I wanna wear a sweater tomorrow . 
I'm not gonna wake up on my own at all this week , huh ? 
DROP WHAT YOU'RE DOING IT'S NOT IMPORTANT . GO WATCH THE MACHETE TRAILER . 
I really wish people would spell \Liar\ " as they're supposed to . ( As opposed to Lier ) " 
Best moment of my life : I'm re-parking my car , one of the neighborhood kids says\ I like your mustang\ " I nod . " 
Just slept half the day away :) 
Just got a ten year old joke . Feel dumb . 
Mother's day movie- Precious 
I MADE YOUUUUUU !!!!!!!!!!! 
If you are not putting the fire you should jump into it . 
If you are not putting out the fire you should jump into it . 
I don't drive autos i drive cars . 
Oh , man . I'm a nerd . I've come out of the cubicle . Everything makes so much sense now . 
Is careful not to step in the bullsh ** 
Goin to the improv ... i think . 
Saw my first stand up show . Hilarious . 
A giant green iron man suit holding captain < PROPFEMALE>'s shield and thor's hammer . 
Leaving < PROPFEMALE > garden , home bound . 
Embrace chaos . It is your friend , it is your guide , it is your everything . Embrace yourself . 
\hell ! \ " The forcible ejaculation broke forth and interrupted Poirot's stream of eloquence . " 
Slow facebook day . 
Slower facebook day than yesterday . 
I'm a rebel without a cause . 
I should probably sleep , AP test and all . 
The greatest number is zero ! 
You either love me or hate me , or think I'm ok . 
The ONLY reason humans have lasted this long is because we do not taste good . 
I frickin love jawas !!!! 
Stranded at the drive-in , branded as a fool , what wll they say , monday at school .... 
Here we go !!!!! 
There should be an animated cockroach movie . 
Your < PROPMALE > Osama looks like a dirty wizard or a homeless < PROPFEMALE > . XD 
I came to school in my car ! 
Getting ready for work . 
Already thought of the next toy story and its ... story . 
feels like eating Casola's 
I remember when news was unbiased and didn't have a political agenda . Wait ... might've been a dream . 
Ahh , the one person inside joke . 
I've never seen a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > movie . 
Ow ow ow ... and yup ow . 
The biggest movie ever would be all of < PROPFIRST > spielberg's aliens versus < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s aliens . 
It's complicated . 
Wow , it really is a vicious circle . 
Graveyard shift from now til death . =/ 
Outlasted the storm :) 
..... now in school all i hear is the jeopardy time music . I could be crazy . 
I don't care who ( republicans ) is responsible for the oil mess , i just want it taken care of before cuba lauches a preemptive strike against the U.s. For dirtying their water . -_- 
Prom tonight do do do do do ! 
Impaired !!!!!! Its awesome !!!! I still spell right though . O.o 
Life is as fun as you make it . :) 
I know it's choo choo but when ppl say woot woot i can't help but think of a train . 
Wow ... that's wtf . Wow . 
What's one more day ? One more period ? One more < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Is anyone selling grad tickets ? 
Watching the messenger :) 
\like\ " this status and i won't do a thing . " 
What's the policy on shoes ? :((( ))) 
Everyone got their white snuggies ? XD 
I would say you're beautiful but you always look this good . 
Back from the gym :D 
:O 
I didn't even know that was a country . 
Cuervo and < PROPFIRST > ganged up and whooped my ass . 
I wish i had a no drama button . 
That means there's 24 billion chicken ! 
The spokesperson for bing.com should be < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s character from f.r.i.e.n.d.s. 
< PROPMALE > cruise is back on my good side . 
Life without < PROPMALE > ... 
Spent all of yesterday thinking it was tomorrow . 
Did he just say \the hard things in life aren't easy \"?" 
I'd hate to be the microsoft employee who gets caught using google . 
Whenever i experience happiness i think of how the moment will soon be over left only as a memory . -golf bravo 
Missed opportunity # 49 : didn't test out toilets at home depot . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s dad is the most interesting and most believable character in each of the movies . 
What i would do for one more moment ... 
The last < PROPMALE > thing Spain is known for includes a magical fountain and an exterminated civilization . 
Is it aburido .... or aburrido ?.... -_- ..... i got nothing to do and i have all this awake to deal with . 
i opened a checking account . 
They see me rollin They hatin Patrolling they tryin to catch me ridin dirty 
Better check yourself before you wreck yourself 
Watching \Infection\ " :) " 
Inception was amazing . 
Switzerland , I love your cheese with the holes . 
Watching collateral , the gas price in the background was 1.83 . :'( 
Running on no sleep at work 
was there a time when strangers got along and socialized at movie theaters and in elevators ? 
There is a < PROPFIRST > lohan countdown to jail clock , < PROPFIRST > bieber and lady gaga coverage ... but nothing remotely important . Did not enough people die today ? 
We would look into the stars and not experience fear nor doubt nor pain but love for we are home . 
I need chap stick and licorice . Somehow the chap stick'll disappear first . 
IM < Text < Phone conversation < face-to-face conversation < Batman < Captain < PROPFEMALE > 
I just saw the road and [ rec]2 ! So happy ! :DDDDD 
Alone I am lethal . As a team I dominate . 
I'm on that two week free trial , son ! 
Still awakey wakey :) 
............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ * sigh * 
The end is the most important part . The end has to justify each act . The end has to be the best part . The end has to be perfect . The end . 
I'd like to have a dream that I'm in the movie \Inception \"" 
I wanna talk on skype !!!! (And I dare not tread into chatroulette ) 
Leave me alone , please . 
I wanna see someone in a wheelchair get a ticket for jaywalking . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Northman , you naughty boy . 
Is focusing on his optimism before work . 
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die . :DDD 
Watching Dr. Horrible's sing-a-long blog 
I went nuts when you left ... I broke a lamp . 
0-iu9[hugiy7uf6t54rewwwww-000000000okijhhh8iobu 
In the jungle ... 
The lion sleeps tonight ... Roar ! ;) 
Well I broke my tv .... with a knife . 
YESSSSS !! IT IS ALIVEEEE !!!! 
That night , a < PROPMALE > grew ... 
I got my car back !!! 
Waiting to exhale ... 
Love American Style 
Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Most people just aren't worth any attention . 
The Getaway 
Machete don't text . 
You're waiting for a train . A train that will take you far away . 
We'll settle this the old navy way : the first man to die , loses ! 
01:11:37 
aburrrrrrrrrrrrido 
I ain't lettin no zombie < PROPFEMALE > bite my shit ! 
Eating a mix of lemonade and Sprite ... 0 . o 
I <3 to fart 
Whoa , wtf is this ? 
* Yaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwn * 
Wait a minute , Doc . Ah ... Are you telling me that you built a time machine ... out of a DeLorean ? 
Watching The social network :) 
Wow , I forgot how to spell squeaky . pttts 
... but what I do have are a very particular set of skills ; skills that I have acquired over a very long career ; skills that make me a nightmare for people like you . 
Not even ten and i already finished a book . ;) 
We're standing on the shoulders of freaks . 
Say it isn't so , Serpico . 
Boy , did Hitler raise the bar on genocide ... 
it's gonna be a good season . 
I've always stressed the need for a teleporter . Who looks stupid now ? --- Also , I was expecting a twist ending ; like they open the capsule and the miner has been eaten ! 
I had kids ... 
100 minutes underground ... 
Let Me Be Empty 
Begin the unnecessarily slow-moving dipping mechanism ! 
Don't tell me your problems !!! 
6204 
Oh this trip is gonna be an endurance test . 
Crappy hotel room , long drive , front bumper+duct tape , no sleep .... still happy :) .... ish 
Trust me , that was broken way before I got here . 
I think milk bottles should be in the shape of a cow's tit . 
You're not drunk until you have to\ 
grab onto the grass to keep from\ 
falling off the earth . 
Gotta find another interesting status ... 
Is this- Is she serious ? 
The Dark Knight Rises is the title of the next Batman film ... -This is bullshit !!! XO 
Full of piss and vinegar 
Do ideas go to heaven ? 
It's that time of year again . :) 
When I cook I turn off the lights because ... you never know ... 
P.S. Did you know that turtles can breathe through their anuses ? 
Zombieland !!! 
I secretly love High fives :) 
I want Biscuits and gravy ... 
Getting ready . 
Out the door ! 
There's no place like home :) 
Whoa ... Daylight savings 
< PROPMALE > Morgan : Making his corner of the world safer one hefty bag at a time . :) 
No Rest For The Wicked 
I take Monorails very seriously . 
Damn Netflix under maitenance !!! 
* Burp * Ugh , I'm tho thick . 
Something in my body hurts ... and I don't know what it is . 
In Freefall 
Damn Gamefly under maintenance !!! 
A combination of high , drunk and bored . XD 
Darn A.D.D. doesn't let me get ready for school . -_-' 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > . South Beach !!! 
A little drunk . Great night . 
Is at Hooters ! 
Sleep isn't in my schedule >;) 
Honk if your horn is broken ;) 
Ugh , can't wait til ten so i can go home . 
Cutting me off is a crime punishable by death . 
I don't sit around waiting for your text . I sit around pretending to do something while actually waiting for your text . 
Damn HIIIIIM !!!!!!!! 
Can we send him back ? 
Today , while getting ready for work , i combined several activites that should never be combined . Eating breakfast , putting clothes on , and shaving .... my face . :o 
aww , she's offline ... 
eyy , she's online ... 
I'd hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain . 
You're not famous until I google you . 
If I were Batman , I'd beat my enemies until they were severely brain damaged so they'd be harmless . 
>;) hehehe your pokes are mine ! ALL MINE !!!! 
Imagine if movies got better . Every time you would go to the movies your mind is blown even more than the previous time . 
Out killing Zombies !!! 
Off to make my paper . :) 
You're looking at me like I'm a guy on a boat with a life preserver , and it's just a big dildo . 
aw man , I miss pikachu . :'( 
It isn't until you see someone naked ... 
It's all part of the plan . 
You make me completely miserable . :) 
From now until December 7th change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same . The objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against Violence to Children . Remember we were kids too ... Pass it on ... :) 
one day i wanna copy somebody's status word for word and see if they notice . 
The Cartoon Army is Growing !!! 
If you lose a fight with a midget , you become one . 
Ugh , get away from me , I'm allergic to stupid . 
Finally Home , where the heart is . :)))) 
nFnn (-_-) nnFn 
Well , time to turn into Snorlax . Good night to me and good morning to ya'll . :) 
Mah undies disapeared :o 
< PROPMALE > Warhol film named Eat . IMDB description : a man eats for the duration of the film . a cat enters the screen at one point . XD 
7 more minutes . 
I just saved Jesus ! 
When did , \I love you\ " become a figure of speech . " 
An ARMY OF MUTANT POODLES !! RUNNNN !!!!!! 
I'm against breastfeeding , it promotes incest . 
According to my horoscope , my lucky time of the day was 3pm .... I was still sleeping -.- 
Turd on the bathroom floor . 
Whoever is supposed to be driving my brain fell asleep at the wheel . 
Playing BLACK OPS and I merc'd! Then afterwards a player from the other team breaks the silence , \Dude ... you're fucking good . \ " ^.^ " 
< PROPFEMALE>'s status is gonna be stupid ;) 
$ 273,201,851,800 
Your safe word should never be : ' Harder ' 
If the characters in Cloverfield had cars , the movie would've ended way earlier . 
Well , like Nike says , just do me . 
I use a shower as an excuse to be naked . 
Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception Inception 
-_-' 
Someone stole my FUCKING CAR ! 
having strange thoughts like : '' technically an unorthodox jew can be a christian '' and '' does the sun hurt white vampires more than black vampire ? '' 
Zebra cakes . I want Zebra cakes . 
We're standing on the edge of tomorrow !!! XD 
:') 
The best part of falling asleep with you is knowing you'll be the first person I see when I wake up . <3 
Just had an enema :/ --- btw facebook , I'm back :) 
For those who wished me a happy birthday , thanks and you too ! 
