Holy Crap I just remembered that tomorrow is < PROPFIRST > and I's anniversary and he'll be at the Vikings game ! Oh Well ! :-) 

Chillaxin , had a pretty darn good weekend and already done with work this week . Time to read my books . 
i'm feeling really tired today . 
mentally preparing to spend the whole next week with my sister , the new baby and my other 2 nieces ......... 
so facebook reminded me that i haven't logged in in awhile . * eye roll * i've been sick since the beginning of the month , swine flu , almost all better now . 
Sulky cause I missed pretty much all of October ( my fave month ) and didn't get to partake in the activities I wanted . 
Enjoying November . 
I am officially only going grocery shopping at 1am on Tuesday nights ! Bleh , so many people out shopping every place we went today ! 
Figuring out Xmas gifts ............ 
doing some online xmas shopping , goodbye money goodbye 
Having a happy lazy bday . Thanks for the Hap-Birt notes ! <3 
* knocking on wood * cause i'm feeling damn good about life lately ! 
I realized today that I have not driven a car let alone MY car in 2 1/2 months . 
putting off digging through the storage closet to find my wrapping paper and bows . :-/ must wrap tonight ... 
Made some cookies ! 
Cleaning up a little , < PROPFEMALE > is coming in just a few days ! FUN ! 
Gonna pick up < PROPFEMALE > in the morning !! Yay ! A visitor ! 
Happy New Years Everyone ! 2011 is coming up soon and it looks good to me . :-) 
how's this happen ? the one night it's acceptable for me to sleep until 10 or later and i wake up at 6am ! guess i'm just excited for the new year . :-) 
I do not get Kidz Bop at all . How is it appropriate if children sing adult songs ? They're STILL adult songs . If you're gonna let them sing California Gurls why not just turn on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
gar ! apartment hunting has made my head hurt . i am soooo tired and i just get more tired thinking of having to pack everything and haul it to the new place ....... 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
bored ..... 
:-( I hate when my < PROPFEMALE > has to go out of town overnight for work . It's lonely . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status . Put the first entry for your name under comments 
The weather outside is frightfuil .............. 
I'm extremely < PROPFEMALE > der caffinated and starting to get a little stir crazy from being cooped < PROPFEMALE > indoors . 
I miss the weekend ...... I like when my < PROPFEMALE > is home . 
Ugh , packing is no fun , especially when it's items you rarely use but you just can't seem to let go of . Excited for the new place though ! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ? 
All I want to do is absolutely nothing ! 
Is it strange that I need childproof locks on my cabinets and closet doors so the cat can't open them ? 
Damn Home Depot , I was all excited because they had the vacuum filter I needed . So I go back to get it and it's gone ! NONE left ! And I preemptively threw the old one out already . 
Mmmmmm Coffee , is that you calling my name ? Why , Yes , Yes it is ! 
I would have rather just had a shot of Patrón Silver than this Sencha Shot ! ( japanese green tea ) Bleh . 
If you receive something that says ' Send this to everyone you know ' , pretend you don't know me . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
The one thing that makes Easter < PROPFEMALE > trump Halloween < PROPFEMALE > is : Cadbury Eggs . I could eat those all day ! Yum ! 
:-( My car needed a new battery today . I guess I can't complain the battery that was in it was the original from when I bought the car , so lasting 8 years isn't so bad . I'm just sad , it's the first < PROPMALE > thing I have had to do since the warranty ran out . what do I have to look forward to fixing next ? * knocks on wood * 
Suck it Home Depot ! I found my vacuum filter @ the grocery store , and it was cheaper ! 
One moment can change everything . Whether the moment feels significant at the time or not . And then you're on this new path that's not part of the plan . You can't control that it has happened you just have to go along for the outcome . Good or Bad . 
I almost went bananas on some person cause I thought they stole my laundry basket ! Good thing I kept calm , I left the basket in the apt , not the laundry room . :-) 
I know better than to have coffee after 9pm and yet I do it anyways . So here I am unable to sleep . My eyes want to sleep but everything else says no . 
Soft < PROPFEMALE > , warm < PROPFEMALE > Little ball of fur Happy < PROPFEMALE > , sleepy < PROPFEMALE > Purr , purr , purr 
ATTN : < PROPFEMALE > area friends , my friend < PROPFEMALE > is looking for a sitter for tonight , and a sitter long term . If you're interested or know someone who is , please pass along your/their name ! Thanks ! < PROPFEMALE > - Is anyone available to watch < PROPFEMALE > tonight from 2-10ish ? Looking for last minute babysitter ! 
Weekend Forecast : Looks Busy w/a < PROPMALE > of Crazy . Hope Everyone has an awesome Easter weekend . And if anyone finds themselves with more Cadbury Eggs than they know what to do with , well duh send them to me !!! :-) 
Happy Easter ! Hope everyone has fun ! 
What a ho-hum day 
you illinois people better stop bragging about your cool thunder storms !!!! i want a storm * pouts * 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friend list ? Well here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friend list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this a your own status and see what results you get . Fun to read some history :) ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) 
Ok I admit it I'm a bitch !!!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I make mistakes , I'm out of control , I'm emotional , and at times I'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ! If you're a bitch repost this ! I dare you !!! 
I should have just stayed in bed today ! My eyes are barely staying open . 
Why is it that I can barely keep my eyes open during the day but I cannot fall asleep at night ? My internal clock is scrambled and cannot make up it's mind ! 
Yesterday I wanted to listen to some music during the afternoon to make some time go fast , by the time i was done making the playlist it had 220 songs , and no time to listne to it ! it was time for dinner . :-) But it gave me something to listen to today ! 
Ok , time to try that sleep thing again ! 
I was inspired to get chinese food last night , :-) my fortune cookie said : You are a lover of words someday you will write a book . 
yawn , Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > . 
Time for dinner , and to decide between watching House or How I met your mother ! 
YAY ! Finally a thunderstorm ! Just laying here and enjoying it . 
If you have no will to change it , you have no right to criticize it . - Anonymous ( from my quote of the day calendar ) 
Arrggghhh ! 2 days , 4 phone < PROPFIRST > , 1 email , 2 live chats and 6+ people and I finally have my Qwest Internet issue resolved . Bleh . 
Cold hands + touch screen phones = < PROPMALE > irratation !! I cannot wait til August when i can get a new free phone !! 
YAY !! * does a little dance * -jerk , twist , jerk , jerk , twist , shake , shake , shake- My Coffee came ! Hooray ! 
enjoying some couch cuddles with < PROPFIRST > right now . why do i keep waking up around 2am all this week ??? 
I've got a case of the Mondays . :-/ 
People who live upstairs , you are on my ever lasting gob stopping nerves . Stomp , stomp , stomp , is it really neccessary everyday ? everyday ? really ? 
I just drank a boatload of coffee in not a boatload of time , what was I thinking ?!! 
the omnious music from < PROPMALE > Koopas castle is stuck in my head di di di dida ??? No clue how to write it out 
Does anybody else worry about the effects of microwaving your food , like years from now ? 
I love Spring ! Warm enough during the day for ice cream and still cool enough at night for hot chocolate ! :-) 
So I don't want to be premature about this * knocks on wood * but according to this acceptance letter I am officially a COLLEGE GIRL now ! :-/ 
All these posts about watching \The Hills\ " - YUCK ! Ewwww ! :-) ~ " 
Really loving having a dishwasher this week !!! 
Ha ha ha ! < PROPFIRST > just ticked a squirrel off ! It was giving her an earful !! lmao , got some video of it , will post later ! 
Grrrrr , facebook why are you being so difficult today ? I just wanna upload my squirrel video and you won't let me !!! 
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve . - < PROPFIRST > Joubert 
Dang it !! the squirrel video was the first one i uploaded and it's not showing up !! GRRRRRR ! 
i made fudge for the first time ! yum ! just waiting for it to cool down ! 
Grrrr math is on my nerves already and im just reviewing for the course placement test . bleh ! 
I just had a weird thought . I was thinking about the sea lions at Fishermans Wharf in San < PROPFEMALE > and trying to see if they had come back ...... Maybe they left cause they know something . Like how animals leave before natural disasters ...... Maybe something is going on below the water ...... 
OH , i'm sooo sad now , I just realized my coffee shipment was on hold so now it won't be here for even longer . What am I gonna do ??? Go to the store ? Yuck ! 
Is it sad that I really love the \Swagger Wagon\ " ( sienna se ) Ads ? :-) " 
I hope to never have to wake up this early ever ever again . :-/ 
That just made my night ! Me , \Sweet and Innocent looking\ " :-) lol " 
Ewwww , it might snow tomorrow night ! Why Mother Nature Why ? 
Boo . I was not chosen to get tickets for \ 
Antiques Road Show . :-( maybe next year . 
Just finished my college placement test now maybe some IHOP as a reward ! 
Mmmmmmmmm s'mores 
Hope never abandons you , you abandon it . - < PROPFIRST > Weinberg\ 
\ 
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change . - J.C.F. < PROPMALE > Schiller 
Hakuna Matata ! 
Dang ! I wrote myself a reminder on a post it , and I went to add something to it and I have no clue where I put it .... :-/ 
I solemnly promise NO hitting , slapping , pinching , scratching , crying when I go out this weekend . \ 
ok , ok , I solemnly promise to TRY to not do those things . ;-) 
Gonna be hitting the road shortly for the visit home . Ewww driving . 
You dont tug on Supermans cape You dont spit into the wind You dont pull the mask off the old Lone Ranger And you dont mess around with < PROPMALE > !!! 
Such a fun weekend i have no voice !! 
Finally home !! time to rest now 
After 3 nights in a row of only 5 hours sleep each it feels so great to have gotten 12+ hours ! 
Bleh , time to recoup on the couch with < PROPFIRST > . 
Heat WAVE ! Bleh , was in the 40's then shot to the 60's for two days , now in the high 70's I need time to adjust ! Yuck , I hate being hot . 
Words come spilling out of my mouth\ 
Making a mess upon the paper\ 
Like I've had too much to think 
OW ! Stupid knee is acting up . :-( 
It's niece and nephew week . If you have \ 
neices and/or nephews who make your life fun and are a blessing copy\ 
and paste this to your status with their names : Kinzie , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Baby < PROPMALE > , ( honorary mentions ) < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > ! 
Oh you silly Sun with your early brightness making me \Rise & Shine\ " with you before 8 am every day now " 
Hmmmm , trying to decide what new phone I would like to have ....... Kin Two , Motorola Devour , HTC Hero , Droid Incredible ............... Ugh , I dunno . 
I <3 being able to pick up right where you left off with your coolest friends ! No matter how many days , weeks , months , or years go by without seeing each other ( or even talking ! ) it's still just like it was . :-) 
What's with all this banana talk today ??? 
* Insert ALOT of bad words * our ceiling is leaking !!! Thanks upstairs neighbors . 
It's Peanut Butter Jelly Time ! 
OH MY GOODNESS !! Today sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Sucks . The ceiling is leaking AGAIN !! They never did come and replace the light fixture but I guess that's a good thing now . Although i've been up since 1/4 to 6 this morning ! GRRRRRRR . And Financial Aid is being a thorn in my side . I'm heading for a mental meltdown , in 3 ... 2 .... BOOM 
All by myself for the next 48 hours ..... :-( well < PROPFIRST>'s still here . 
Well if i'm gonna be home alone , at least I can watch Twilight in peace . :-) 
:-/ what a crap day . 
8:30 on a saturday night and it's still light out ! Oh summertime you score a cool point 
yay ! < PROPFIRST > & i signed up for a cake decorating class . yum ! 
All alone again tonight . Waiting for din din to get done and then i'm gonna watch New < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay ! 
Every time I've done something that doesn't feel right , it's ended up not being right . - < PROPFIRST > Cuomo 
Getting excited for next month !! Start my summer classes , 12 credits , gonna be BUSY , and then home to visit ! Yay ! 
Hmmm , laundry , dishes , vacuuming , take out recyclables , make cookies ... ALL DONE ! I was kinda productive today , despite 99 bottles of rum on the wall ..... 
Wow , I actually slept good . I think it's because this financial aid headache is taken care of . :-) 
Rising with the sun is getting old fast .... The fact that i've already been up for hours makes me not happy . 
MMMkay , ordered my new phone today . I was all set to go for the HTC Ozone , but after reading the reviews , and then rethinking what i'm really gonna do with my phone ( pretty basic shite ) I went with the KIN two . And it was about $100 cheaper than the ozone or imagio ( second choice ) . We'll see how it goes . It comes tomorrow ! 
Shower time !! such a lazy morning . 
WTH , First as a kid you can't wait for school to let out for summer , but as an adult you scoop up all the summer classes you can . Second , my summer classes are going to be harder than my fall classes . Go figure . 
Cake Decorating Class in 45 minutes !!! :-) 
Ready for bed , what a busy weekend . I'm sleeping in tomorrow ! 
It's a rainy day , and i'm loving it ! 
Loud kid outside singing repeatedly : < PROPFIRST > & Chicken Noodle Soup Are The SAME ! 
Gots to go to my advising & registration session now ! ( for school ) 3-4 hours they say it takes , yuck ! 
I'm tired , ready for bed . Going out in the world takes alot outta me . 
dizzy , dizzy , dizzy , from these revolving doors ...... 
This day has been going on forever , I am so bored . 
i MUST try the new m&m pretzel ! 
Oh sleep why must you elude me ? :-( 
Today is a HOT one ! ( like 7 inches from the midday sun .... sorry couldn't help it ) 
So I was thinking about this last night , and Tempur Pedic should make a couch . That's my opinion . 
When my heart is open to you and your heart is closed to me , don't get mad when the connection you're wanting isn't happening . It's a two way street , bucko ! 
SON OF A @ ! **#% i go to check the laundry and what does < PROPFIRST > do while i'm gone for 2 minutes ? Spills my very FULL glass of water , EVERYWHERE ! 
picked up my container store order and got some chinese food . :-) what more could make me happy tonight ! 
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance . -tonights fortune cookie 
it was a nice thought but no more cake class for me ..... 
ok June , i am completely 100% ready for you to be over . you have not been awesome , so i am ready to move on to July , TODAY . 
calgon take me away ............ 
SleepTalkinMan\ 
\Talk once more 
Is it just me or does it seem like everything gets dirty faster during the summer ? I am tired of cleaning . 
Yesterday is not ours to recover , but tomorrow is ours to win or lose . - < PROPMALE > B . < PROPMALE > 
* knock on wood * Today has been pretty nice so far . Got some great news AND there's no humidity today ! :-) 
YAY ! THUNDERSTORM !! 
curse this inbetweeness ! i can barely keep my eyes open but if i try to sleep i cant . grrrrrrr i just want some zzzzzzzz's 
bleh . awake already . cruel world why do you want me up so early ??? 
yay ! my new blackout shades work nicely . :-) now if i could just get < PROPFIRST > to sleep in 
I believe that Onstar is just one step closer to Skynet 
* insert girly squeal * I just ordered my IMAX tickets for Eclipse !! Gonna see it Thursday ! YAY ! 
So PROUD of me !!! :-D \ 
\Congratulations\ 
Why , June you have redeemed yourself ! :-) 
yo quiero taco < PROPFEMALE > . :-) 
:-D Just feeling happy this week . And I LIKE it . 
off to the IMAX to see Eclipse yay ! 
I <3 Student Discounts . :-) 
I wish < PROPFIRST > would get home .... I'm super hungry and super bored . :-/ 
tired now & still bored :-| 
how did my weekend go from doing absolutely nothing :-) to having get togethers to attend each day ? :-/ harrumph ! 
i <3 lightning bugs ! :-) 
Happy 4th eveyone ! Now go enjoy yourselves ! 
ok so i guess going out in the world isn't the worst thing ever . i'm actually kinda excited to go out tonight . :-) 
oh fishsticks ! two of my classes are giving me a headstart option and i already think i may have bitten off just a bit too much . :-/ best to get started ASAP ! 
I got my head but my head is unraveling . I can't control can't keep track of where it's traveling . ...... 
Week one of classes , coming to a close . 12 credits , 5 weeks , 1 me . What was I thinking ? 
Visit home = canceled . New phone = returned . 4 classes of homework = me sooo tired . 
It's only Tuesday ? :-P 
Trust your own instinct . Your mistakes might as well be your own , instead of someone else's . - < PROPFIRST > Wilder 
Super tired still . My brain is fried . 3 more weeks to go yet . 
Ha ! Apparently my voicemail is taking on a mind of it's own ! ( rise of the machines ? ) < PROPFIRST > was leaving me a message and it told him , I'm sorry I can not understand what you're saying . LOL 
Only\ 
an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and \ 
love likea friend ! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & \ 
nephews , post this as your status ! 
Gonna go see Inception tonight ! 
I lik < PROPMALE > Inception ! :-) and I <3 < PROPMALE > JGL's hallway scene ! 
Anyone wanna play \Word Twister\ " ? apparently i'm the champ ! " 
She don't love carelessly that's what I've always heard . \ 
Can't use the usual lines she measures every word . \ 
No empty promises , proof is what it takes to win her heart . \ 
The truth and nothing less , simple things that set her far apart . \ 
Save your diamonds and your furs , she's not your ordinary girl . -Alabama 
Some people take the initiative to make things happen , while others just let things happen to them . So if you're just sitting around waiting to see how things play out , don't be surprised if it doesn't go the way you wanted . Don't wait to see what happens next , MAKE things happen . 
Oh , WOW ! I've just been looking at everyone's flood pictures , holy moly ! I hope things get better and drier soon ! 
I've been watching this person for years , using self sabotage with such finesse . SMH the biggest phobia out there is being afraid of your own hapiness . 
I freaking need lasik ! I'm tired of getting in the shower and finding a spider in with me ! Little jerk wouldn't drown either ! 
I like my sugar with coffe & cream . ;-) <3 
Freeport and Rockford peeps , do you or your parents remember a store in Northe Towne called Weise's ??? OR remember House of Lindberg fine furniture ?? Any info on this ??? 
Son of a Biscuit !! How did I run out of coffee and NOT notice ?? 
Grrrrrrrrrrrr , F*@% Me . I'm all patting myself on the back , thinking i'm all caught up with my assignments and then TA-DAH ! NOPE found my list I made and I forgot a few things I need to accomplish yet . I'm thinking an all nighter might be in order . :-/ 
Oh Darn You room darkening curtains !! I slept in much later than I intended and i'm still bumming around yet . 
Some feedback on my Letter to the Editor assingment ! Ha cha cha cha cha ! \ 
Funny , pointed , and compelling . Humor helps make a painful point easier to swallow . Nice job . A = 100pts 
Seems like the building has blown a fuse ! of course it happened when I was peeing . Nothing like having the lights go out on you ! 
My brain feels like mush going into the home stretch now .... 
Warning : Mental & Emotional meltdown Run away ! 
Awwww , somebody appreciates my singing ! < PROPFIRST > purrs every time I sing . :-) 
If you were so interested in the truth , you should have told it once in awhile ! 
Hooray ! done done done , at least until Monday that is .............. 
I feel like absolute mush right now . I am so tired I just want to do NOTHING for the next 36 or so ours . I hope I can wake up and be alert by 8am monday ..... 
mmmmKay had my first on campus class today . My mouth was so dry . And they made us work in pairs a couple times , grrrrrrrrrrr . After that I chickened out and skipped going to the orientation . 
FYI : I will not be visiting home this August . Just isn't gonna work out . I tentatively say October may be possible , but don't hold your breath . Probably won't see me until the holidays folks ! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! Yay !! I got my grades today . 4 classes- 3 A's 1 B - GPA 3.75 :-D 
Woooo Hoooo ! Tomorrow is the last day of my one week class ! Hopefully I survive doing my presentation .... yuck ! And then I will be free of school work for a whole week !! 
You know you're being a dickhead , you ADMIT you're being a dickhead , yet you keep on acting like a dickhead !!! Why ? I mean really why ? What purpose does it serve you ? what do you gain ? 
I keep trying to take a nap but it's not working out for me . :-( at least it's cloudy and supposed to rain , that makes me happy ! :-) 
9 days of freedom before busy season sets in ! yet I got up early today .... grrrr . Oh bother ! I have a ton of things to catch up on anyways . 
Anyone remember the seemingly fake movie trailers before watching Grindhouse ? ( death proof and planet terror ) They are actually making the Machete movie ! lmao Saw that last night and thought it was hilarious ! 
OMG , Sharpie has liquid pencils ! #2 lead equivalent , writes like a pen , erases like a pencil still . Yes , you know I bought some ! I can't wait to try em out ! 
< PROPFIRST > to me : You're talking like a ouija board . Lmao 
Excited for fair food !!!! not excited for fair crowds ... but i will just suck it up buttercup . mmmm fair food ! 
:-/ my nothing to do week is coming to an end , starting Monday I will have to venture out into the world on a regular basis . Oh the humanity !! 
The last thing I want to do is hurt you . But it’s still on the list . 
Were my book bags always this heavy ? I am not looking forward to lugging this thing around tomorrow . :-/ 
well so far i fell up the stairs and sat down in the right room but wrong class . i just want to go home 
Ha ha ! My neurosis has a silver lining ! The two classes I dropp < PROPMALE > were just two recommend < PROPMALE > classes by the college , ( 0900's ) and the two I pick < PROPMALE > up were ones I ne < PROPMALE > to take anyways ! ( college level classes # < PROPMALE > 1000+) And the two I dropp < PROPMALE > wouldn't have count < PROPMALE > towards my transfer cr < PROPMALE > its . Ahhhh , the bright side ! 
:-( I must have fallen real good on those stairs . I have a bruise on my left knee and my top 1/2 of the right leg is sore . WipeOut ! 
Despite all the searching you may do , you don't always find \the perfect one . \ " Sometimes they find you ! :-) ? " 
Ewww , they're coming out with a Paranormal Activity 2 . 
I am officially in the market for some noise isolating ear muffs ! 
Wheeeee the weekend is here ! :-D ? 
I'm going to Bed Bath & Beyond tomorrow ! Yay ! I love looking at all the things I didn't know I wanted and really don't need ! :-D 
<3 BB&B ! Got me a Sobakawa Pillow ! and other stuff . :-) 
\I've waited my whole life to meet somebody like you . Now fuck off and \ 
So the squirrel , that yelled at < PROPFIRST > ( see videos ) comes back just about every day and stares at her . LOL The other day I heard a noise and today my suspicion was confirmed , that little varmint has been taunting her by climbing up the screen on the patio door ! 
Fun , Fun , Fun coming up this weekend ! < PROPFIRST>'s birthday tomorrow , fair on sat ., massage on sun . and fair again on mon . YAY !! 
Happy Birthday to my funny < PROPFEMALE > ! happy birthday to him !? 
So I have set peanuts out three times now for this squirrel and I think it thinks they are offerings from < PROPFIRST > . LOL 
MMMMMM , stuffed , yummm , all I gotta say is Fogo de Chao 
Super tired . Need sleep . I <3 all the nonsense swag I get at the fair ! It's almost obsession to try to get all the little things from all the booths .? 
BROTHER'S\ 
WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled your \ 
hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you \ 
succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you \ 
strong .. Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status ? 
What's that ? Oh , it's my bed . It's totally calling my name right now . Don't worry bed here I come !? 
TGIF !!!! ( thank goodness it's fall !, well almost) ? 
I'm seriously going to lose my mind ! These kids upstairs are making all kinds of racket and banging on shit . Ugh !! Really ? Where's your parents ? Babysitter ? Parole Officer ? 
Must ..... Be ..... Productive ..... Today ! ugh .? 
hmmm thank goodness for my noise isolating ear muffs ! tuning out this football nonsense !? 
Humph ! I got my hair colored , I asked for dark brown with red in it and I got dark red with brown in it ..... I look like Phoenix from X-men .? 
Time to take my test !? 
Time for bed and then time for lots and lots of driving !? 
< PROPFIRST > enjoying sitting in my lap enjoying the ride 
so dollywood area is like the wisconsin dells of the south . who knew ?! 
Ugh this one hour ahead time zone thing is throwing me off ! Time to get ready for Katrinas wedding !! Yay ! 
Oh my oh my , i can't wait to get home to my bed so i can sleep and sleep and sleep . Oh and so i can go outside with melting . It's flipping hot still in the south . 
the smoky mountains are so beautiful . they _almost_ make me wanna go camping . :-) is bigfoot native to this area ? that could be the deciding factor . 
a couple more hours and i'll be home again ! 
I'm so going to sleep in tomorrow , homework be damned ! ? 
* Yawn * thinking about climbing back into bed ...... 
I grow tired of taking the moral high ground and weary of your negative gossip the moment my back is turned . Sadly I can't cut you off .? 
Ewwwww smoking cigarettes is GROSS ! 
I keep meaning to get up early but instead I keep sleeping in ! something's wrong there ! :-/ ? 
Yay ! Just took my test , got a B ! I wanted an A but i'll take the B . Now to treat myself by catching up on last weeks 90210 ! 
Ok I gotta bust my butt and finish my homework now . NO distractions . this means facebook .? 
It's chilly in here ! Time for socks !!? 
Oh this will be interesting . We bought a shark steam cleaner thing like on the TV and < PROPFIRST > is attempting to use it now ...... :-) 
The amount of compliments I have gotten has tipped the scales ! The red hair stays ! :-) I'll have to \keep it up\ " this time around .? " 
My eyes are telling me that homework is not meant to be done in the middle of the night . ( Yes this IS the middle of the night for me ! ) 
Time for bed ! Way past the normal bedtime !! 
* Knock on Wood * I think the upstairs neighbors are moving out !!!!!!! 
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of \ 
throwing it at someone else - you are the one who gets burned . -Buddha ? 
:-( All of a sudden i'm not feeling so good . I think I am gonna go back to bed for a little bit .? 
Hooray October ! The happiest month of the year !? 
Arrrggghhh ! There seems to always be one class that gives me < PROPMALE > trouble ! It's usually the least suspected one at that !? 
Ha ha ha ha ! I <3 ditchmail ! Take that unknown caller !? 
I am having malfunctions ! Grrrrr ! On saturday I was pulling up my ( new !! ) pants and broke a belt loop and just now I was pulling my bra strap back up and SNAP , broke that too . :-( Guess I should go shopping .... Oh wait I will be in a few weeks ! Yay Galena !? 
I was rudely awoken at the time I requested ( 6am ) and then given false excitement by misleading statements . :-( My sleep deprived mind thought somehow I had missed my favorite day of the year , the \fall back\ " time change and I had an extra hour to sleep . Not the case !? " 
Sleeping in tomorrow ( this ) morning ! Don't F*ing wake me up either !? 
Mmmmmm apples from the apple orchard ! the new \hot\ " apple to have is the Sweet Tango . Yum ! " 
:-D Went to bed super early last night and got my 10-11 hours of sleep ! I feel so refreshed !? 
I may be in the minority here , but what does where I put my purse have to do with breast cancer awareness ? :-/ ? 
I just sneezed and bit my tongue . :-( 
We live in deeds , not years ; In thoughts , not breaths ; In feelings , not figures on a dial . We should count time by heart throbs . -Aristotle ? 
Yay , got my snazzy new glasses today ! 8-) ? 
October is infant loss awareness month . This week we remember the babies born sleeping , the ones we carried but never brought home and theones we brought home that didnt stay . Repost if you or someone you know has lost a baby . ~ Forget-me-nots bloom dependably following cold , dark winters . Trust the darkness to give way to healing hope . ~ 
( singing ) It's no surprise to me , I am my own worst enemy , cause every now and then I don't do my homework til the last minute !? 
When a guilty pleasure starts bringing more guilt than pleasure it's time to make a change ! ? 
They\ 
say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking \ 
& never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like\ 
\ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how \ 
faraway they live , & they don't hold grudges . They understand that \ 
life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at \ 
least 1 of these friends . You know who you are .? 
Who wants to help me with my research paper ?? :-) Topic : Kids going hungry in the summer during the break from school because they don't get lunch . Two solution proposals , which do you like best ?? A meals on wheels summer solution-kids on wheels type of thing OR a day camp type of thing at the school during summer .? 
I wish I had some more peanut butter oreos right now . :-( ? 
People don't change because you want them to , because you hope they will . They change when they are ready to change themselves . 
If the pot's calling the kettle black , maybe someone should get the pot a mirror .? 
Severely disappointed right now . 
Why do I put off homework til the night before ? At least it's done now ! 
I'm in a musical kind of mood today .? 
Mmmmmm ..... 13 Inches 
Dang Pandora Radio , I am not getting much homework done cause I keep singing ! 
Oh yes , I just baked a cake and i'm so excited to put the frosting on ! 
You must live in the present , launch yourself on every wave , find your eternity in each moment . Fools stand on their island opportunities and look toward another land . There is no other land , there is no other life but this . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
So I was worried that this whole squirrel thing I had going on would catch someones eye . Well today it did . Another cat . < PROPFIRST > is flipping out and the squirrel is trying to finagle it's way around this other cat to get to his peanuts . I hope this does not end badly .? 
I think the cosmos have gone all wonky today . Weirdness abounds ! 
Oh Captain , why did I leave you in your bottle so long ? I'm sorry and now you're in my tummy , all better ! :-) ? 
Why do I want popsicles when it's cold out ?? 
Going to see Back To The Future tonight on the big screen yay ! 
One test down , two more to go this week !? 
About to tackle this test , my brain feels like mush , but I need to get an A so here I go . :-/ 
I'm gonna be lonely for the next few days . :-( ? 
* POW * Knocked out my final paper with 5 pages and this means I am done with this class ! WOOT !!!!? 
* grumble grumble grumble * ( insert rant about arrival times and attention and whatever else ) :-( ? 
I don't know what it is but somethings gotta give ...? 
Is it just my crappy internet or is it FB that is making my chat constantly say I am offline ??? I swear I am not avoiding anyone !? 
Brrrrrrr ! I know it's cold because my heat came on by itself today ! Guess I'm gonna need to put some socks on ! :-) 
I really hope I have learned my lesson about procrastinating . I'm so tired but I gotta finish this dang assignment . Someday I will learn to stop doing this to myself . :-p ? 
Alright here I go , I'm cutting off the caffeine overload . Man , I am not gonna be fun to be around for the next few days ...? 
Halloween !!! :-) 
Hmmm Score Today : Procrastination-1 Me getting stuff done-2 I think I deserve a < PROPFIRST > on the back ! :-) ? 
Oh flippers ! My dang heat comes on several times in an hour for just a minute or so . I adjusted the calibration but now it's just coming on for longer several times in an hour . I can't get it to go back to where it was !! Arrrrgghhh !? 
Today's Score : Procrastination-0 Me-1 yay !!! so proud ! :-D 
I'm about to put some clothes on ! stupid thermostat , i'm freezing now !!? 
Just me and < PROPFIRST > again tonight . :-/ at least HIMYM is on . yay !? 
Yup , I just used the phrase , \frowny downy\ " in my journal for class to describe a pessimist . LOL ( good thing this journal is my eyes only ! ) " 
I think I need to win the lottery . :-) Guess I gotta pick up a ticket first .? 
Well nearly had a stroke but I had to get out in the world today , do my civic duty ! First time I have driven my own car in over a month ... LOL 
Holy meltdown FB ! Everything in my news feed is on a repeating loop , I have seen the same posts repeating three times just going down the < PROPFEMALE > . SMH !? 
Man , I need to sweep the peanut shells off my patio but I'm afraid to go out there ... Those squirrels will either jump on me or try to get in the apartment .... I want to die in a more dignified fashion than squirrel rabies . :-p ? 
Grrrrrrr ! I stayed up til midnight so I could register for my spring classes and damnit I can't register til 8am ! Ugh . Now I have to get up early . :-( ? 
Registered ! I would much rather have stayed in bed this morning , but oh well now my spring schedule is done . And I so picked bowling for one of my classes ! :-) ? 
IT TOUCHED ME !!!! it . touched . me . aaaaaagggggggghhhhhhhh ! I'm not ready for this yet . ? 
Finish each day and be done with it . You have done what you could do ; some blunders and absurdities have crept in ; forget them as soon as you can . Tomorrow is a new day ; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Woot !! Went to a thing tonight and there was a silent auction , bid on ONE thing and WON !!! YAY !!! 
I <3 fallback when I get my hour of lost sleep back !!! Yay !! 
Hmmm , I'm glad I got 9 hours of sleep for the price of 8 but now I'm all thrown off thinking it's later than it is . 
Todays Score Procrastination- 20 Me-0 I should have done this a month ago ... ugh . 
oh yes oh yes ! i got my journals done ! now i just gotta write up the paper !!! whew ! man it sucks to write with an actual pencil all week ..... 
I can't wait for Saturday ! Gonna have career day at the zoo and then I'm gonna see my 5th future ex-husband Tosh . 0 yeah ! 
If you don't have a good idea of what you're looking for , how do you expect to find it ?? 
I am so stoked for tomorrow ! yay yay yay ! :-) 
Oh dumb dumb snow , how you have messed up my day plans . Just don't let me down tonight Tosh , I am still coming to see you !!!! <3 <3 <3 
Boom Bang Pow ! I just felt like changing my status ? 
LMAO , wow the local paper here , ( < PROPFEMALE > tribune ) is having a \Scared of < PROPFEMALE > Photo contest\ " send in your best pictures of your kids terrified expressions while visiting < PROPFEMALE > ! Hilarious !? " 
Damn procrastination and laundry .... another late homework night this will be . :-/ ? 
Saw the fam yesterday , ate some food ( sorry Tom ! ) , beat EVERYBODY at bowling , played some hide-n-dark tag with the kids , chatted , and drove home in freezing drizzle . All the excitement I need for the month in one day ! 
huh , go figure 3 1/2 hours of sleep wasn't enough to get me through the day . Time for a nap ! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ? 
That was a really weak nap . I am going to be very unproductive the rest of this evening , which means I will HAVE to be very very productive tomorrow !? 
Holy Moly ! It's 10 degrees outside right now and with windchill it's -4 ! I think I need to move .? 
Oooooohhhhhh the temperature has made it up to 19 degrees now . LOL what a big improvement ! What's it like for you < PROPFEMALE > Heinrich ? Lucky ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! Yum Yum don't eat too much ! :-) 
OH , So Co eggnog , you are going straight to my head . :-) ? 
Today I am thankful for DISHWASHERS ! :-) ? 
I'm gonna go crazy ! ( okay crazier is probably more accurate ) Ugh !!! 
:-( yuck yuck yuck . I've been sick since last weekend and I thought it was getting better and today i'm coughing like a smoker . ewwwww 
Bleh .? 
Being myself includes taking risks with myself , taking risks on new behavior , trying new ways of being myself , so that I can see how it is I want to be . 
Just like anything else in the universe it always gets worse before it gets better ! The last two days were the worst of my sick week , but I think it's slightly better today . :-) ? 
Man after almost 27 years I think it may be time to part ways with my tonsils .... UGH ! Not feeling so hot right now .. :-( ( Hudsons fault ! ) 
Ahhh December , you took forever to get here and yet you've come too fast .? 
tick tock , tick tock .... 
So I am just throwing this out there ... I really really really really really want a roomba .? 
:-) With all the happy's being thrown my way today , I AM happy happy happy ! 
Alright , even though I made fun of it ( in my head at least ) i'm doing the # game I guess . yadda yadda yadda , send me a # to my inbox and i'll post a status with my thoughts ... 
#286 - Crazy girl ! A little\ 
ghetto .. but I still like ya ! You’re\ 
smart and can go places if you just apply yourself ! Definitely had fun working with you , I may have\ 
tweaked the schedule sometimes so I could work with my favorites . LOL 
#1208 - Hmmm , we’re a lot alike , \ 
even after so much time . I have a lot of great childhood memories and glad that\ 
we are now able to make some more memories together ! LOL you are a bit stubborn\ 
sometimes and competitive and you don’t like to lose ! But you’re super awesome\ 
anyways ! 
#13 - where to start ? One of my closest friends , although\ 
lately it hasn’t felt like that . I always have fun with you and I imagine you\ 
will always be a part of my life . ;-) \ 
Sometimes I don’t think you give yourself enough credit or do what’s\ 
best but you’ve done pretty good for yourself so far . You work hard and play\ 
hard . LOL 
#222 - Lazy ! lazy lazy lazy , and hilarious . Always a good time . Stubborn and prideful to a fault . But your head is starting to finally look at things the right way . Oh and you're kind of an uncle f@#&er ! 
* An amendment * ONE NIGHT ONLY-inbox now or forever hold your # ( i only have so much < PROPFEMALE > ) Alright , \ 
even though I made fun of it ( in my head at least ) i'm doing the # game\ 
I guess . yadda yadda yadda , send me a # to my inbox and i'll post a\ 
status with my thoughts ...? 
#33 - You're one of the few really good guys I know . You do your own thing and you've always been super nice . I don't think I ever heard you really raise your voice or say something bad behind someone's back . You're pretty cool , I think we got along well . You let me drive your car for about 5 minutes , LOL , thanks for the attempt at a lesson ! And thanks for the happy bday . :-) 
#7237 - You are wild ! and sometimes vicious when angry . But you are honest and upfront with your feelings , nothing wrong with that . LOL You're fun to be around and have always been nice to me . :-) I remember you letting me wear your pretty dress for my spring pictures ! :-) 
#083 - We had our share of fun , nerdy fun , LOL . But they were good times , even if we had no hot water ... You didn't look down on me . We started to bump heads a little after being literally together 24/7 and I started to get jealous/territorial but aside from that I have nothing but good memories of you . I see that you're doing pretty well for yourself now and that's nothing but what you deserve . :-) 
Decisions , decisions . Stay up and work on homework or go to bed and get up early to work on homework ? neither sounds appealing , I am sick of homework , 5 more days to go ! 
#27 - Oh boy , what to say about you ? Ummm first how dare you tell me what to talk about ! If I want to mention dead trannies I will be the one to decide that ! LOL Even though you're kind of a jerk sometimes , you're kinda a sweetheart too . I miss my day old valentines < PROPFEMALE > ! You're smart and amusing and that's why you're my friend . Now if you would stop being a bum ! ;-) 
I think it's a little messed up that I am really excited for next Wednesday when all my classes will be finished and I can * GASP * do some < PROPMALE > cleaning I have been neglecting . 
#419 - Well dang I've known you half my life now , that's crazy . I'm glad to see time has toned down some of your bad habits . ;-) Really impressed with the father you stepped up to be despite all the bad ones that surround us . I've had a lot of fun times with you and some not so fun ones , but in the grand scheme of things you never really did anything too bad . ( I hope I didn't either ) 
0731- :-) Temper , temper , LOL . Even though your driving makes me sick , you're still pretty cool and nice . You're a good mommy and a good person for a not so good person if ya know what I mean ? Really I think you should just take that pillow and do what I suggested with it . I'm excited for our next visit ! Wheeeeee ! 
Why do I do this to myself ? Ugh , at least this is the last night I will spend staying up writing papers , next semester I will be much better about not procrastinating . 
The sky is going to open up and unload a boatload of snow around me , I think I will be staying inside all weekend . 
Blizzard warning ! That seals it I am not going anywhere today ! 
As long as you love me so , let it snow let it snow let it snow ! 
Wow ! Plows have been pulled off the road until 2am because it is so bad out there ! Yikes ! 
Baby it's cold outside ! .... Well today with windchill it's -20 , absurd ! And looks like our neighboring town got 21 inches of snow but we got around 15 ourselves . Glad I don't live in Shakopee ! 
Uh oh . Let the snow wars begin ... < PROPFIRST > just stopped watching the packer game ( not like he's missing much ) to go shovel out his car after seeing the car next to him shoveling out their car and put the snow in front of < PROPFIRST > s .... after he already shoveled most of it yesterday . He's not happy ! 
Hmmm , I just realized some faulty thinking on my part , finished most of my xmas shopping online , i'll have to go to the mall for a few people yet but all my stuff should arrive by friday which means , i'm gonna be stuck wrapping everything last minute . i dunno if i even have wrapping paper ... do you think grocery bags count ? i could color them ... 
So tired . * Yawn * 
hot cocoa then a nap ? or a nap then hot cocoa ? 
W00T ! done done done . Hooray ! No more school stuff til January ! ... now I have to start cleaning the apartment . later , I'll do that later . :-D 
I may not be as young as I used to be , but I am not nearly as old as I think I am either . 
I guess that answers that , < PROPFEMALE > kat instincts take over . I opened the patio door to throw out some peanuts , < PROPFIRST > steps out to enjoy the snow , squirrel comes up the stairs , cat chases squirrel down the stairs , < PROPFEMALE > chases cat , arrrrggghhh , and i only had my slippers on . :-/ 
Guess who's sissy got her a squirrel feeder for xmas !!!! :-D Thanks sissy ! :-) 
New gage for a man's marriage potential : His reaction time when it comes to killing insects . Because you can't be taking your sweet time ya know ? You gotta give the situation the urgency it requires , you have to jump up and kill that thing in 30 seconds or less , no dawdling . 
Official grades aren't back for the semester yet but it looks like once again I got 3 A's and a B . I can live with that . :-) 
Big plans for the morning . Wrapping all these presents ! I am formally requesting my family members to refrain from making any additions for a while , between birthdays and xmas I can't afford anymore kids ! :-) 
Happy ! Took our money jug ( which wasn't even a 1/4 full ) to cash it in , and we had a $100 in change in that thing ! That's waaaaaay more than I was hoping for . Drinking money , hell yeah ! 
Well I have places to go and people to see this week , I'll be away from my precious laptop so I most likely won't get to check in often or at all before xmas , sooooo < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS everyone , hope y'all have a great holiday week ! 
At suds ! Where are you ? 
One more day ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas my dearests , Happy Holidays and all that jazz too . <3 you bunches ! :-) safe driving to those hitting the roads tomorrow . 
It's nice to be home again but the sucky part about being gone for a week ... I need to do some grocery shopping and shoveling ... oh well 
I am so excited to clean off my desk tomorrow and put all my crap into the file cabinet we brought home . :-) 
Is it just sad or just a < PROPFEMALE > thing that I have two weeks off to do nothing and all I want to do is sleep ? * yawn * 
As much as I love getting my 10 hours of sleep ( it's a necessity ) I can not get into the habit of waking up at 10am like I have been for the past few days . :-/ 
I actually wish it was gonna be freezing temps out this week ... this warm up for the next few days has me worried i'm gonna have a lake in my dining room . :-/ 
I'm always humbled by all that I have because I know that it could be worse , yet I am always striving and hopeful because I know it can be so much better . 
I am 10 seconds away from buying an inflatable pool and just setting that shit up in the dining room . DAMN LEAKS ! 
Good News- We get a credit on our rent for January and each month there after until this leak problem is fixed . Bad News- This leak problem may not be fixed until Spring . :-/ 
Knock on wood , so far so good today , the leaking has stopped momentarily ( thank you freezing temps ) , laundry is done , and about to go to a movie . :-) 
You know what I'm always excited about in January ? Getting our taxes done ! I'm weird I know . :-) 
\because you're the one that judges me the most and is the most critical of me\ " says the pot to the kettle .... " 
Nothing good happens after midnight . :-/ ( I mean we all saw gremlins right ? ) 
Getting organized for classes the past few days and I am already tired just looking through all the assignments ... Man Happy on Monday for school , dreading it by Thursday . :-/ Suck it up Dodson . 
Yay ! I finally went out in the cold to check the mail this week and I had a letter telling me because my GPA for last semester was good ( although sadly not as good as summer semester ) I made the Deans list AND should be expecting an invitation for the Phi Theta Kappa honor society . :-) 
I'll be glad to see some family tomorrow , but sad for the reason why . 
I'm tired and drained from yesterday . My eyes just want to stay closed . Kinda grumpy at the weather for not snowing until tomorrow now .... could have stayed to visit longer ... :-/ 
ahhh Monday you have arrived , I guess it's time to be productive and get started on reading some textbooks . :-p 
I am already done with all this freaking reading . Bleh , my eyes are < PROPFEMALE > tired . :-/ how many more years til i'm done with school ?? 
I'm reminded what my high school English teacher said , when asked a similar question : \Your paper should be like a lady's skirt : long enough to cover the subject but short enough to be interesting . \ " But that was in a different day and age . - My business teacher about the length of discussion posts . LMAO " 
Dang for someone who rarely makes actual phone calls I sure did go over my minutes this past billing cycle and theres still a few days left on it ! 
You know what really grinds my gears ? facebook . How dare you switch me to the new profile against my wishes ! I was not ready to make that commitment I liked the old profile , I was used to it . Now I gotta get used to this weird new one . Unhappy , not cool facebook ! Not cool . And that is what grinds my gears today . 
Oh psychology class , I can tell my nerves are gonna be shot before the semester is over already . People trying to sound \deep\ " goodness gracious . " 
Super sleepy . got up early to go return a book because the bookstore gave everyone the wrong book for my class . waited in a line for an hour . and now my eyes just want to shut . 
Shout out to Pink Kisses for being super generous and compassionate to my < PROPMALE > ! Thanks ! 
In a perfect world , every pet would have a home and every home would have a pet . 
Do they have support groups and chippendales for \football widows\ " ? just wondering . " 
I think it's silly for someone to profess to be nonchalant and say that nothing bothers them and then turn around and spout off because their feelings are hurt and their expectations aren't being met . 
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love ; it is the prerogative of the brave . -Mahatma Gandhi 
Great Googly Moogly ! I have some of the dullest textbooks to read this semester . 
I've been doing so good about getting up at the same time every morning , but I do my best work at night soooooo drinking this bottle of coke and staying up working on my assignment is gonna mess me all up I think . :-/ 
did my homework today , made my funny < PROPFEMALE > some cookies and got dinner started already ! I get an A+ today . :-) 
Starting right now I'm giving up those distractions and guilty pleasures that get in the way of my goals . done . finished . ended . kaput . over . :-) 
I think I need a drink . And buy \a drink\ " I mean several . " 
* Insert something : funny , intelligent , profound , bizarre , < PROPMALE > , interesting , etc . * 
Well well well , squirrels ARE trainable . :-D Very proud of them and me . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > Heinrich what's the score ? Is that the Packers going to the Super Bowl ? 
Yes Yes YES ! * doing the Raji dance * 
Aunts can give u hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ! Post if you're an aunt who loves your nieces n nephews . <3 Kinzie , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Baby < PROPMALE > , and my friends kids <3 
The world just seems to be highly aggravating to me this week , in a general way . 
I can't wait for Sunday Funday . Oh and to , ya know , get my homework done . Yeah . 
:-D Happy . 
ARRRGGGHHHH ! I just realized I sent out a few checks with 2010 written on them . GRRRRR ! 
:-) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , can't wait for my < PROPFEMALE > to get his surprise delivery today . Yeah I know it's backwards sending the man flowers(plants ) but I can't help myself . 
\think since we were kids there has only been a couple times ive seen u cry that wasnt drunk induced\ 
Hmmm haven't seen my squirrels for a couple days . Wonder if they think its just too darn cold ( and that i need to shovel the patio ) or if they have been eaten by a cat ? :-/ 
< PROPMALE > surveyed his surroundings and found no shadow , so an early spring it will be ! Hooray ! 
Is it Sunday yet ? 
I think I'm gonna begin the search for a new fur baby this weekend . :-) 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > why must you wait til the last 24 hours to do homework ? Don't you know the SuperBowl is tomorrow ?!! 
IN YOUR FACE ! IN YOUR FACE !! GREEN & YELLOW ! WOOT ! 
C is for cookie , that's good enough for me\ 
Oh , cookie , cookie , cookie starts with C 
Traveling back to 1848 , darn you Oregon Trail . so simple , but so addictive . 
It's a beautiful morning ! 
Happy Valentines Day ! :-D 
\The most courageous act is ... to think for yourself . Aloud . \ " -Coco < PROPFEMALE > " 
:-( I accidentally punched my bed frame . I think the only other thing I have ever hit that hard was my brother . 
Home alone = nap time . 
And since I never have anywhere to go , Let it Snow Let it Snow Let it Snow ! 
14 inches of snow so far . Bleh . 
:-D Two more weeks til my career day at the zoo !! Let's hope it doesn't snow super bad again like it did in November and I had to reschedule . 
I'm going to throw my laptop across the room . Arrrrgggghhh ! 
A ' No ' uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a ' Yes ' merely uttered to please , or what is worse , to avoid trouble . Mahatma Gandhi 
I am not the fountain of information . Why is it that I can take the time to look at they syllabus or the news feed for the class to find out what I need to know but this person just can't seem to do that . She keeps asking me and I told her where to find the info and helped her out but I think by now she should know where to look . And it's not at me ! 
Is it spring break yet ? :-/ 
T.G.I.F. 
MMMM beer of the root . I am diggin ' it today . :-) 
I can't wait for Friday . Spring Break ! Not that I'm going anywhere or anything like that . :-) 
Ugh , this alcohol prevention initiatives paper is making me want to drink . 
YAY !!! They're gonna come fix my ceiling tomorrow !! Finally . 
I know this may sound shocking coming from me and all but I am so ready for a nap . 
\It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it . If you think about that 
Sibling war ! Copy & Paste this if you are the best & smartest of your siblings . If it stands for one hour without your siblings protesting , it is so !!! 
zoo career day today ! woot ! very excited . :-D 
Beer bread ? Done Salad ? Ready Chicken and an Apple Cake ? In the oven What's missing ? My < PROPFEMALE > to get home . duh . :-) tick tock , now I wait . 
Oh boooo , I just realized that dreaded Spring Forward DST is upon us on Sunday the 13th . I hate losing an hour of my sleep and my day ! Grrrrrr . 
\Love is what we are born with . Fear is what we have learned here . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love back into our hearts . \ " \ 
I started watching Glee because I didn't have a lot of Tuesday options ... anyways , I'm digging the \Hell to the No\ " song lmao " 
:-/ < PROPMALE > Krueger made an appearance in my dream last night . Been a long while since that's happened . 
Hello Weekend ! Nice to see you . 
Well geez , who needs a kid when your cat gives you just as much grief ! < PROPFIRST > got her claw stuck on the underside of the the rolling office chair , and was hissing and squirming around while we were trying to get her unstuck . ugh . 
arrrrrggghhhh i love you rain but now i can't see the super < PROPFEMALE > . :-/ 
It's Spring ! It's Spring ! Even I'M excited to start getting more sunshine and maybe even go outdoors ! ( not today though , rainy ! ) 
A new squirrel has shown up twice now so I guess he will be a new addition to the squirrel crowd , I have dubbed him Hobo Squirrel from the looks of him . 
Oh snow my old foe , I thought I had seen the last of you !! :-/ I suppose I know who to blame for this . 
Brother for Sale : He's mouthy , rude , aged and out of touch with reality . I'll take $5 or best offer . 
Why do Cadbury Eggs have to be so darn good ? :-) 
SMDH I don't know why I even bother believing some things . Very grumpy right now . 
I remembered why I dislike the month of March so much today , the months almost over before I remembered so I suppose that's progress ; but anyways hurry up April and get here . Please . 
100% on my Health quiz :-) and I have been very much on top of my homework this week , I might even be able to take a break all weekend . yay ! 
Wow , thanks phone for being a dum dum . I just got a boatload of texts , apparently I haven't been receiving them since at least March 10th .... I could send them , I don't know what's worse ; that I thought no one wanted to text me back or that it took me this long to notice I hadn't been getting texts ! :-/ 
Well Mr. < PROPMALE > Krueger made another appearance in my dreams . I suppose it would have to be him , he only comes when you sleep and I love me some sleep . -_- 
Yay ! Last assignment for this week submitted ! Homework free weekend ! Why on earth did I ever procrastinate before ?? 
watching the news is depressing :-/ 
A nap is calling my name . If NY is the city that never sleeps , what's the city that always sleeps ? Cause I need to move there next . :-) 
you have to be willing to give up the life you planned to have the life that's waiting for you 
You know what really grinds my gears ? Smokers who throw their cigarette butts anywhere they feel like . News Flash the world is NOT your ashtray , and neither is my porch . ( people who live upstairs this means you ! ) Go to the dollar store and get an ashtray , walk the extra two feet to throw your butts away , or better yet just don't smoke if you can't even handle disposing of the remains . Mmmkay ? 
Procrastination rears its head in strange ways . Cleaned the whole house but did not accomplish reading any of my chapters .... At least it was productive procrastination . 
Is it Thursday yet ? :-p 
Hooray ! Took an at home cholesterol test and I'm well in the healthy range . :-) First time I ever tested it . 
Where's my head at today , ugh ?! 
I think it's time for bed . * yawn * 
Sooooo I heard a strange noise this morning and look out the window to see what the squirrels were up to and one poor little guy had gotten himself stuck upside down inside the feeder .... LOL he was trying to chew on the little window that lets the food come out . I opened it with a hanger and he took off like a rocket . * This is not April Fools , it's real * 
May changing your Facebook relationship status as an April Fool's joke not cause the end of your relationship . : http://some.ly/eebyhC 
The upstairs neighbors got a piano last week . It actually sounds really pleasant when they play it seriously . 
Even with all this foolishness going on I am still thrilled that it is April , it's Friday , and it's Payday . :-) It's gonna be a good month . 
i actually go out for once and the night ends early . :-/ 
I just can't help it . Those life alert commercials crack me up ! :-D i fell , heeelllp hellllp 
Time to go get ready to go to Savor Minnesota , yup that's right , I'm going out into the sun today . :-) 
Awww , according to TMZ Charlies show isn't really \winning\ " over the audience " 
Good weekend , so proud of me , I went outside and was social and everything . :-) I'm making progress 
Okay last minute homework is done and sleep is calling my name , and well I am a sucker for sleeps sweet talk . Goodnight . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
“It is much easier to show compassion to animals . They are never wicked . ” ~ Haile Selassie via FHS Alumni ( Freeport , IL ) 
<3 it when my < PROPFEMALE > brings me home a treat ! Yum Caribou Coffee 
Looks like I'll be home alone Weds & Thurs , :-/ I bet I get a lot of homework done though ! 
Okay Hudson aka < PROPMALE > Dodson and T-Bene Wild i'm calling it a night . Goodnight y'all 
Okay I'm for real going to bed now , I'm gonna be such a crankass tomorrow . 
