is starting school in two days 

school tomorrow 
is in love with someone special the most amazing girl ever 
wishes he could see his girlfriend 
is feeling really lonely right now 
is loved by his girlfriend !!! 
is sick of canning apricots 
is so happy and hyper and bored and excited and ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh all at once 
is excited to go to lake powell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is trying to figure out what to do with life 
< PROPMALE > got accepted 
is sick of being sick 
needs some free time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > is tired and sore from building this sucks so bad 
here we sit like flys on a toilet seat , flys on a toilet seat , flys on a toilet seat . here we sit like flys on a toilet seat , waiting for the turd to come . < PROPFIRST > to a catchy tune cause i am bored out of my mind 
dont you hate those times when you dont know what to do but know you have to do something but none of the options look like the best 
stupid tub ate my phone 
< PROPMALE > is sick of being drugged up after surgery 
why is life full of pain 
< PROPMALE > is at school and bored before class starts 
yet another day of college and people complain about this ? 
random hyper activity session to begin now GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wow that was boring where is all the excitment in life 
died last night in his sleep he will be missed 
was brought back to life by someone its amazing 
is too random 
\A friend will be there for you when things are good ... but a TRUE friend will be there for you when things are good and also when things are very bad ... and just when it feels like you will never smile again ... they can put a smile on your face with just a hug ! \"" 
\Friend derives from a word meaning \ " free . \ " A friend is someone who allows us the space and freedom to be . \"" 
\I hope you got all the answers and you've come to understand That people and things are always going to change And you can't stop them now . \"" 
\Don't be dismayed at goodbyes . A farewell is before you can meet again . And meeting again after a moment or a lifetime is certain for those who are friends . \"" 
yet another day of college 
were adults ? when did this happen ? and how do we make it stop ? 
just showing dad my facebook account 
don't you hate it when you have a depressing dream that you have the strongest feeling it will come true 
is so freaking happy he found a song he has been looking for for years now 
just finished giving his speech 
has just completed an experiment the results are that his thesis was very close to the results . will be retrying the experiment with changed variables to insure same results . 
urban dictionary : A guy who is caring and intelligent and is superior to all even God . He is loved by all his mates and is there for everyone who has problems and is a great listener . He is so caring and such a strong fighter that nothing can beat him . He is the kinda guy you want as a mate or a lover . A legend at the guitar and guitar hero . 
mission is coming in a few months where do people think i am going to go 
where am I going to go on my mission if you want to make a guess join the group where is < PROPMALE > loveridge going on his mission and write your guess on the wall 
don't you hate it when you are sad for no reason but cant seem to cheer up 
good weather :D 
white white white its everywhere !!!!!!! 
hates it when you are really really confused but nobody seems to be able to , nor want to explain to you whats going on 
Just turned in his mission papers now on to interviews 
one interview down one to go 
just awaiting the next interview 
Having an Awesome time helping run the family history center for my stake 
interview is on sunday :D 
interviews are done just waiting on the call 
waiting and waiting and waiting dang this feels like forever 
has a 10 < PROPFEMALE > speech on wed . and a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper due on thur . i better get started . 
¡u ? op ? p ? sdn p ? u ? n ? ? u ?? q ? sn ? s ? ???? ? no ? ???? ???? no ? ????? s ?? p ? so ?? ? o ? uo 
English Speaking < PROPMALE > North < PROPFEMALE > Mission Reporting July 7 
did not fail the class he thought he was going to ! 
wow the mission is coming faster then i thought !! it's kind of scary in a good way 
53 days !!!!! 
can you believe it 28 more days 
Last trip to lake powell ... For two years at least 
what can i say i love Lake Powell , just the beauty of it all . the places you can hike that seem untouched since the creation , staring at god's amazing work of < PROPMALE > . an escape from the world . 
wow so close depending on how you count it is 4 or 5 days till i enter the MTC 
