Living Room tonight , anyone ? 

is somewhat over the month of September . How much longer till Winter Break ? 
is so glad to have gotten higher than the class average on the biochem exam . * phew * but seriously , fuck the prof for asking retarded questions and for grading even more retardedly ! 
is glad his fellow < PROPFEMALE > Ho is in town ! I LOVE YOU , < PROPFIRST > !!! You're in Miami , Bitch !!! 
glad I got to spend time this weekend with my pledge brother ! I'll miss you , < PROPFIRST > Acosta , when you're back in San < PROPFEMALE > :( You so have to visit Miami/Ft . Lauderdale more often !!! * muah * 
* whimper * how much longer until Christmas break ? 
is debating whether to go out for Halloween or to just chill with a good bottle of wine and finish the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > novel I bought ... 
now knows what to do with an empty bottle of wine 
had a nice and quiet night with Mr. < PROPMALE > , sans the bottle of wine . Happy Halloween everyone !!! 
Blue Long Islands in 4 hours , 30 minutes , 54 seconds ... 
now knows that the Palmetto has a speed limit of 45 mph and that going over it by 30 mph will cost you $369 plus a mandatory appearance infront of a judge . God bless Miami's men in blue . 
is selling raffle tickets for the Dec . 31 Lady Gaga concert . 1 raffle ticket = $3 , 2 raffle tickets = $5 . Winner gets 2 tickets to the concert ! Hit me up for more info ! 
will never again drink Vodka and diet Coke after having 100 margaritas . 
wishes all his single lady friends a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! And to everyone else , bah humbug . 
needs to learn to love himself ! Who wants to go to the WEAM with me ? 
so needs to update his profile picture ... * sigh * the diet starts tomorrow 
was wondering if anyone knew of a place that was hiring ? 
is on his way back to Miami . Goodbye Pittsburgh ... Hello Sunshine ! Anyone up for a drink tonight ? 
is kinda wondering what's taking the results from his drug test so long to arrive ... 
is remembering some of the fun stuff that happened last night and can't help but smile . :) 
just finished Day 1 of the new job . Lesson of the day : Skrimp and grits go well together . 
feels that a certain someone is afraid to spend time alone with me , so is constantly in need of a third wheel to protect him from my insatiable sex-crazed ways ... If anyone's reading this , DON'T BE THAT THIRD WHEEL !!! ;) 
\You say you don't want it again and again but you don't really mean it \"" 
just found out I broke my elbow from my fall at Checkers . Never eating fast food again ! ( but at least the melt was worth it . mmmmm ) 
I so hate rainy days . Nothing on TV , nothing new to read , nothing worth watching online . * sigh * 
just found something to do ! Anyone want to have a \Generation Kill\ " marathon with me ? " 
on my way to the airport in 10 minutes and will be in Syria tomorrow morning ! If I'm thown in jail for whatever reason , you all know I'm innocent and that I love you ( well , some of you , that is ) . :) xoxo 
Hey all !!! Finally found a way to bypass the blocks this place has on Facebook . yay ! yes , there is internet in the Middle East ( which surprised me , too , I won't lie ) , but all is well and will be posting more updates when I can . Miss you all terribly !!! And pray I don't come back with a wife . lol , the village women around here have been conspiring and dropping not-so-subtle hints of their plans ... 
is back in town and ready to boogie ... well , once this ankle i busted on the plane heals up . :( but still , back on American ground . yay !!! 
can someone post the rest of the Big-Lil pairings so we know who's got who ? 
just realized I deleted a few pictures from my trip . \ 
I hate not being as tech-savvy as my family thinks I am . * sigh * 
so it's official ... August 3rd is the big day . Things never really seem for real until you get a plane ticket . * sigh * 
sooo bored ... nothing to do 
is two seconds away from doing housework to relieve some of the boredom that has entered into my life ... you know shit sucks when doing laundry and dishes sounds like a fun way to pass time . fml . 
hates it when the sun plays hide and seek ... guess it's back to laying in bed with a good book . 
ugh , just remembered what a hangover feels like . 
misses the < PROPFEMALE > of the 90's 
so the countdown begins ... 16 more days ... 
god , i need to listen to some < PROPFIRST > J right now ... i sooo need to get out of this stupid funk ASAP 
11 more days 
don't you just hate it when you accidentally slip while trimming certain areas and it turns out a hell of a lot shorter than you intended ? * sigh * the things you do when you're bored ... 
had a great time tonight with my old coworkers ... Angie < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Rivas , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Ortegaray , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to miss you all so much ! You all are the reason why I enjoyed going to work in the same place for so many years and why I feel like no other team will ever compare . I love you !!! 
Twist last night was amazing ! Thanks Joanny < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Schmekel , < PROPMALE>'s Lil ' One , < PROPFIRST > De Jesus , < PROPMALE > Centeno III , and < PROPMALE > Gomez for making it a memorable night . Now , if only I can remember what I did with all my money ... 
3 more days and counting ... 
9 more hours ... I loved you so , my sweet Miami . I will truly miss all the friends and Brothers I've made , the laughs we've all shared , and the memories that were created in this crazy place 
mmm , cigs and coffee for breakfast . delicious . now , if i could only get to a Walmart to buy a coffee maker , my breakfast will be complete . 
so the coffee maker was a bad idea ... i guess i'll just have to settle for cigs and diet coke for breakfast , instead . 
listening to the < PROPFEMALE > Soundtrack , remembering good times 
ugh , smoked my last cigarette from the \Only In Case of Emergency\ " cigarette pack I hid from myself when I moved . Time to finally leave my apartment and explore this new town in search of a convenient store . " 
Number of hours without a cigarette : 14 . Number of times I fantasized about biting the guy one floor down from me in the jugular and sucking the smoke directly out of his lungs : 45,618,464,135,130 . I think I'm making some progress . 
First day of real classes , here I come ! Fuck , that's the alcohol talking . Not a good start ... 
fucking taxi service in this god-forsaken city pisses me the fuck off ! I swear , next cab I see I'ma take off my shoe and beat the fucking driver senseless ! 2 god-damn hours waiting ! And all for a damn ghetto-ass calculator and 3-ring binder ! AHHHH !!!! 
What to do tonight ... Study for Skills ? Do laundry ? Go out for drinks and dance the night away ? * sigh * Decisions decisions ... 
so apparently I should not be going to New Mexico this weekend with the stranger I met the other night because I might wake up with my feet sawed off or running a drug shipment and taking the fall for him . I swear , no one has a sense of adventure anymore ! 
God , 6 Cuban coffees and a cup of orange juice later and all I can focus on are Facebook and the ulcers I'm giving myself ... * sigh * This is gonna be a really long 4 years . 
The only dirty looks the lazy skanks at the circulation desk gave me tonight . OMG ! All I gotta say is I made it with 3 minutes to spare , so fuck you circulation desk attendants and your skank-assed stares . You don't know me ! Now to work on assignment 2 ... yippie fucking skippy ... 
words of encouragement this morning : \what's the matter ? boys in colorado don't have good eye sight ? is that why you don't shave or get a hair cut anymore ? they can't see you look like this so you don't care ? \ " all of this before my morning coffee . fml . " 
Putting on my Cha Cha heels , gonna tear it up tonight . < PROPMALE > , CO : you ain't ready for this ! 
So Ms. Jones made a slight appearance tonight and this town wasn't ready . I think I'm gonna bring her out of retirement and let her enjoy her time here . ;) 
Oh . My . God . 
just killed my plants . Apparently I forgot the watering bottle I used was filled with vodka . I guess goldfish and small children are not in my near future . :( 
is currently looking for the tallest building in < PROPMALE > . 
sorry everyone . For a second I was having a pity party for myself , but slapped myself out of it . My bad . 
is getting ready to go to my first 2-stepping and line dancing lesson . I can't wait ! Hello cowboys , here I come ! 
so apparently , if a guy's great on paper and everything i've ever wanted in a person , but i'm not attracted to him sexually , the marriage will never work . Thanks for the advice , Cosmo . Lemme check what Vogue has to say ... 
Highlight of the day : Getting relationship advice from a 3rd grader . Time for me to kiss a girl and have kids . 
is gay and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aneEBY . 
is gay and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aneEBY . 
is dying to go to a salsa club and dance the night away in the arms of a tall , dark , and handsom man who'll whisper dirty sexy words into my ear all night long . God , I'm so frustrated right now ! 
To all the Gentlemen of < PROPFEMALE > Lambda Phi : Happy Founder's Day ! ITB , always , \Fruit Loops \"" 
after tonight's events , I've decided I want a stripper pole in my apartment . 
in PCLC trying to relearn all the dosage forms , then off to study law . Anyone on campus wanna join ? Pretty please ... it's scary here at night . 
This is Halloween . This is Halloween . Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! 
You've gotta make your own kind of music , sing your own special song , make your own kind of music , even if nobody else sings aloooooong ! 
study or go to the dental school party ? study or party ... study or ... study ... stud ... stud ... studs ... Studs ... Dental School Studs ! Ok , party it is ! 
why do I keep donig this to myself ?! last all-nighter of the semester , ever ! 
After getting over the initial fear that Armageddon wasn’t approaching , all I have to say to my fellow P1s is this : You all better watch out , cuz this Miami boy can’t wait to have his first snowball fight ! ;) 
so over this week and it hasn't even started yet . Ugh ! 
Ugh , caught in the middle of the snow storm tonight in my sandals . Wind + snow + naked toes = not a cute feeling . 
wow , hottub + 4 loko = amazing night :) and in this weather ... who knew ? 
All the leaves are brown , and the sky is grey ... California Dreamin ' on such a winter's daaaay . 
is too excited to be spending Thanksging with one of my dearest friends , < PROPFIRST > Grabski . :) 
Belting it out to Whittney , < PROPFEMALE > and the Wicked soundtrack ... can this weekend get any gayer < PROPFIRST > Grabski ? lol ;) 
fml 
who needs sleep when i've got my girls < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > j playing ( and enough caffeine in me to make an elephant's heart blow up ) ... hopefully that's all the pep and motivation i need to rock the hell out of this pbe ! yeah ! 
you know you had a good night when you wake up to see your pillow case covered in glitter , eyeliner and cookie crumbs . :) 
Working on the experiential paper from hell . Anyone in Ed1 care to join/distract me , please feel free to do so . 
Tuesday Skills , here I come ! woo hoo !! 
Dear God , Allah , Yahweh , Buddha , Chango , Nyame , < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else in between : If you help me survive ( and pass ) the next 13 hours of my life , I'd seriously appreciate it . Thanks ! :) 
I think what little brain I have left has officially been fried 
is kinda sad that I won't be able to go to Breckenridge with everyone tomorrow . :( 
waiting patiently for my baggage to arrive from Atlanta so I can finally charge my cell phone , do my hair and escape from my mother's house . 
So over being my family's Christmas slave ! If I have to string up one more bit of < PROPMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > up another damn bow , I'ma scream ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! xoxo 
\We need to find more animals ... so I can DOMINATE them ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Maceo haha :) " 
is glad to know that if I slipped and fell and got burried in the snow , someone would probably come looking for me within about a weeks time . 
wants to thank everyone for all the birthday well-wishes yesterday ! After actually surviving ( barely ) the day's and night's events , I can officially say I'm 28 and feeling great ! lol I love you all !!! 
lol , the only mission figuring out what movie to watch with my family and when to watch it . Finally settled on The < PROPMALE>'s Speech followed by drinks at Gatsby's . 
Sitting at the library on my winter break and studying for a quiz . So not cute . Maybe I could distract myself with a movie , instead ... 
you know you had a good night when you convince yourself that your Long Island was magical and never got empty and that your cell phone was somehow made of corn . Good times . 
Why is it that when I go to the store to find a heavy duty winter jacket , I leave with a cute little bathing suit and a pair of sunglasses ? I think I'm in hardcore denial . 
Finally woke up from my death-like slumber and feeling like crap . Thanks for welcoming me back so kindly , < PROPMALE > . You're the bestest . 
Finished the first day of class and people are already placing bets to see when I'll start skipping . Thanks everyone for being so supportive . :-P 
Pho + fun conversation + uncovering < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s plan to try and kill me and < PROPFEMALE > Dunlap with Japanese jello = priceless :) 
Wanting a stripper pole for my apartment was SO last semester . Now I want a mechanical bull ! Oh yeah !!! 
Why is it so bright outside ?! :( 
After hearing all about next week's forecasts from everyone , I would like to state that a little part of my soul has officially died . Thank you . 
I will study for PDA . I will study for PDA . I will study for PDA ... 
gonna lock myself up in Ed2N for the rest of the night . If anyone wants to join me , feel free to bring your notes , a coffee mug , and a determined attitude . Happy studying ! 
After sitting through a 2 hour review on heartburn , nausea , vomiting , gas , diarrhea , constipation and hemorrhoids , all I can say is \Thank you and good night . \"" 
reading all the posts about Lady Gaga's \Born This Way\ " being released this morning mixed in with an equal amount of posts about Mubarak being ousted from Egypt makes me smile . Everything is now right in the world . :) " 
All I want to do is sleep in but the sun keeps stabbing painful rays of light deep into my brain . Evil f-ing ball of light , we're not friends right now . Must find aspirin . 
12 hours into < PROPFIRST>'s Day and I'm happy to report that I'm not hanging from my shower < PROPMALE > . Yay for progress ! :D 
Doug : \Yay ! I can still put ' Less than 25 Years old'\ " \ 
So my cell phone decided to try and kill itself just now by diving screen-first into a skillet filled with burning oil and fajita mixings . Bwahaha ! Silly cell phone ! Thinking you could get away from me that easily ! 
After a string of unsatisfactory first dates , I've begun looking at the Humane Society's website for a cat . If anyone's in the area , please stop by and slap me . 
Started studying about 3 hours ago and have only gotten through 2 minutes of lecture . This is not going how I had planned it would . 
How is it that the night before a < PROPMALE > exam , I find a million things to do other than study ? :: sigh :: at least now I have a clean oven and spotless mirrors . 
After waking up this morning and seeing a painted-up hooker/Batman looking back at me in the mirror , all I can wonder is \What happened last night ? And how do I get these feathers out of my hair ?! \"" 
Dear Liver , You can thank the upcoming PDA and IOS exams for giving you a break this Mardi Gras week . But no worries , I'll be making up for lost party time over Spring Break . Prepare yourself . Love , Me 
To all my Brothers from the Beta < PROPFEMALE > Chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Lambda Phi , I wish you all a Happy Founder's Day ! In my heart and thoughts , always . ITB , forever . xoxo 
