sometimes you are that lucky ! Happy 2010 !! 

With the cost element in mind , it is clear that flipping only works when you can ( 1 ) reduce closing costs , ( 2 ) work with partners to < PROPFEMALE > balances , or ( 3 ) achieve deep discounts in the properties you buy . 
WOMAN ! 
Retribution often means that we eventually do to ourselves what we have done unto others . 
I always wanted to be somebody , but now I realize I should have been more specific . 
Hate the sin , love the sinner . 
Rather than love , than money , than fame , give me truth . 
a man with a family used to hold a proud ranking no it's everyone out for themselves . 
a man with a family used to hold a proud ranking now it's everyone out for themselves . oops 
My father always used to say that , when you die , if you\\'ve got five real friends , then you\\'ve had a great life . - < PROPFIRST > Iacocca 
People change and forget to tell each other . 
Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart . 
The most destructive habit ......................... Worry The greatest Joy ................................... Giving The worst pastime ................................. Criticism The best award .................................... Appreciation The greatest loss .................................. Loss of self-respect The most satisfying work ........................... Helping others The ugliest personality trait ............. 
What's on your mind ? \It's never too late to become the person you might have been . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
If you get the < PROPMALE > to be a father be the best father you can be make a fuck'n effort 
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone . 
thanx < PROPMALE > happy b day virgo 
i would give well you all know anything to wake up next to you tomorrow 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . 
can't sleep can't poop and for < PROPMALE > sake don't have a buzz 
so i'm sitting here watching whatever when i stumble on a good movie ( hahaha ) everythings cool getting into it until yuck what the fuck is that when the camers goes up a little shows dudes belly button and that thing looked like a mouth very very big turn off yuck 
Thick blood is a real condition that causes real problems 
it is strange < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > nye look very much alike 
can't wai , t can't wait , cant wait , i want to lease to own my home and car forsale 900$ 
when does your fathers opinion matter ? when he has seen you twice in three years or when he can spare five < PROPFEMALE > to lecture you ? 
Wanted native american arab mix HOLLA 
life goes by so fast . look how fast our children grow up . don't wait theres always what's next . I can't wait ! 
please stay the night 
Great dreams start the day off great ! 
BORED who's coming over ? 
Another rent a husband kind of day ! 
funny funny little ladies big 9yr old slumber party last night . wml way < PROPMALE > looser was the new lingo with hand signals hilarious . 
It's Not what i thought it was . what a suprise ... 
except it , your not his type . move on ! 
sometimes you just need a quick snuggle 
I may get down from time to time and frown a little to often but I swear these demons are truly silly if they really thik they caught me ! 
It is better to live < PROPMALE > than to die < PROPMALE > . 
Is repetitive action virtuous action ? If behavior and conduct are merely repetitive processes then all human relationships actually cease . If I behave mechanically every day , - repeating a certain code of conduct which I have learnt , which I find profitable , or which is pleasant , repeating that over and over again , - my relationship with you ceases , completely - I have become a machine . 
ALL and EVERYONE and EVERYTHNG have a reason ! 
Yay in less then 24 hr we will be in calgary 
calgary has lots of snow skyler made her first real snow angel she already got frost bite got to love canada so happy to be here it's kinda surreal . 
so mother went out and bought sky a snow suite we have been out in the blizzard or what kentucky would think is a blizzard course i don't have a snow suite so i'm flippin freezing but it was worth watching her dive into the snow 
why is christmas the time to be aggrevated what's the point love my homeland people are very friendly and talking to strangers has some benifits 
Well friends and my family i am missing dearly i plan on calling those whom i would always call . i'm sitting here after a fantastic great wedding anniversary dinner for gram and papa wishing i could have my cake and eat it to like all the pepole i like to be with on holidays could be in one country and better yet in the same city Loves , Prayers for Peace and Love and Hugs for everyone < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
smoking outside my mothers nice condo i met two very lovely ladies just trying to make some after christmas money you know with all the boxing day sales you need those extra dollars very strange to watch two young ladies sell themselves as one girl got picked up the other one told me about the biz . Who needs college . met a few old friends today my how somethings change and how some people don't . 
I also want to give props to the best single father i've < PROPMALE > out with so far let's have lunch befor i go . 
My last day in canada I always hate to half to go back 2 more years and i can come and stay yay not that i'm counting down or anything . 
\Take the first step in faith . You don't have to see the whole staircase . Just take the first step . \"" 
Just need a snuggle ! 
sending this post from my 6YEAR OLDS BRAN NEW NOTEBOOK WHAT THE CRAP WHERES MINE ????? 
Heavenly Father please give me the strength and knowledge to stop taking everyone and everyday for granted ! I am thankful and intend to live each day to it's fullest . 
Sex is like snow , you never know how many inches you're going to get or how long it will last” 
So friday Skyler got grounded , sunday she got sick and had to stay home from school so i have been stranded indoors with this 6yr old spawn for 5 days HELP 
“The secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly deceived” 
School valentines , math HW , car won't start school's delayed gotta get ready for class Damn i love life no for real i appreciate this thank you !! 
Bye definition cupid is a definitely a pervert . I love a good pervert !! Best Valentines party ever Feb 14 2002 we should do it agin this time just for the sake of great friends and wonferful family ! 
drinking booze instead of beer when you trying to loose weight still must be consumed in moderation . 
What is tghe point of bathing the animals they only stay clean till next pee break 
Has anyone taken a new love for curling ? 
will give free room for a time manegment motivator ! 
What's a bitch gotta do ???? 
Canadian womens going for gold hell yeah ! 
Hockey is our game Bitches get over it ! 
not to mention curling 
Honestly I'm glad to see the united states bringing in so many medals it's a game i am a team sport all teams more power to our worlds athletes . 
( 303 ): Highlight of the day : realizing the man in the car next to mine was getting road head ... at 2:45 pm ... nicely done sir , nicely done . 
Back in the day ok last year haha(732 ): I walked in on him shirtless licking the mirror while talking to his reflection . So yes , I definitely want to do shrooms the next time you get them . 
( 559 ): She fell onto my light and broke all four plants . I don't care how good the blowjob was . 
( 408 ): I don't care how ugly she is , I can't turn down a free movie +bj . In this economy that's downright irresponsible 
You may have a < PROPMALE > wild teenager in a few years if : your 6 yr old has her < PROPFEMALE > pockets tied together with a hair tie hanging from a chian on the barby swing , talking about french kissing being sex and her favorite song is i kissed a girl . lords < PROPMALE > me strength ! 
( 810 ): Anything that's based on a blow job I'm in favor of . 
( 308 ): and then he said he has been waiting since high school to touch my boobs 
( 720 ): I pulled out and her Nuva ring was around my < PROPMALE > ... It was like I won a carnival game for adults ... I asked her where my big stuffed bear was 
( 316 ): You love me . ( 785 ): That's because , tragically , I adore whores . 
( 678 ): How is it that lesbians won't hit on me at a gay club , but they'll hit on me every time I go to Walmart ? 
( 304 ): i crunched every chip from the dorito bag and poured it in the vase . never again will i have to deal with cool ranch fingers . http://tfl.nu/rz0s 
HAHAHa funny i was just talking about this ( 646 ): i've decided to use this saturday afternoon to take care of my pube situation 
( 865 ): Hooked up with my first aid and cpr teacher last night . She dressed as a lifeguard and brought me back to life . Beat that . 
( 832 ): So I'm at planned parenthood and there are 5 people here from Friday's party . What is the appropriate age to lock your daughter up for her entire teenage years ? 
OMFG , rolling my cheeks hurt from laughing 
( 317 ): I just slapped my cat in the face with my dildo . You were the only one I could tell . ( 260 ): He probs deserved it . ( 317 ): Every good man does . 
feelin really old 
Getting ready to go out into the backyard jungle and mow . YIKES !! 
when those self realizations bite you right in the ass ! rutted routine . play on player . 
Everybody : I am holding a memorial for my little brother < PROPFIRST > may 22 2010 @ Ritter park at 1:00 pm we will have a cook out and lots of things for the kids to do please join me and family for a fun filled day of memories and hugs !! 
Hoping to see all my peeps at Ritter park Saturday may 22 for < PROPFIRST>'s memorial at 1:00 pm it will be fun . cook out , and kids who wants to miss that please come we haven't had a dysfunctional function in a couple years . Bring friends the more the better the fun . also bring anything you want i will have hot dogs and burgers and some drinks hope to see you there . 
OK It's calling for storms all day tomorrow so any suggestions for the memorial ? 
anyone have a verizon cell phone they might want to sell ? 
can anyone bring me a cigarette ? 
I am in serious need for a carpet shampooer . Mother is due here in 5 days . does anyone have one i can use ? please please please 
Carpet shampooer ? anyone 
i need a carpet shampooer 
Yay , Thank you to all my peeps for the B-day wishes . love it . my first birthday with my mother since i was 13 . all I need now is ..... not appropriate for facebook loves and hugs 
