Work is BUSY today , can't wait till its 420 and PS3 madden time ! 

work is def . not as fun as wallyball ! : ( 
< PROPMALE > Jones - My my my . So good . 
Work , work , work , work and more work . Where's the fun at !? 
last night was crazy fun !! 
Won our division today in Bocce Ball at work !! 
I need wallyball ! 
Hell ya , its friday !! 
Almost got tased this morning by a retard cop for no reason . F#@ ! the police . 
If I was not at work I'd have some big booty shakin on me right now , work sux ! 
Cant wait to get out of work so i can REST ! Been up too much and working too much the last two weeks . 
goin out tonight and havin some fun !! anyone want to see gucci mane with me next wed ? 
Dernard Robinson is looking good mane !! GO BLUE !! 
Great BBQ , great friends , great times . Thank you guys for makin ' this a great weekend ! 
Workin hard like usual and wondering what's the point ? I know a couple that are both on unemployment with two kids , have a nice house , newer cars , and just bought two harleys . Meanwhile I have to struggle when I have none of those ! WTF is wrong with this world ! 
go blue !! 
bioshock 2 is so good on my ps3 . 
Catholic natural family planning class was a JOKE ! So hipocritical ! Why do we have to take marraige prep classes ! Ghaaaaaaaa !!!!! 
Sick of seeing confederate flags on jacked up dodge rams with ignorant hillbilly's driving . I hate the people that live in Howell !! And its also amazing that all they drive is trucks , but only dodge rams ! They dont even have good taste in trucks ! ( Ford or Chevy obviously ) . My yamaha can ou t-t ow a ram ! 
can't stand the big deal with world of warcraft and people tellin me about it , it sucks . Its a videogame version of D&D . A sure way to never gettin laid and becoming a future pedafile is playin either of those or , in most cases , both . Dorks . 
After work its young jeezy and borderlands . Can't wait ! 
Playstation Move is cool . Can't wait to try it on RE : 5 . 
Can't wait to get off of work today cause I'm off tomorrow ! 
I'm so excited , my bachlor party is next saturday AT the UFC event at the palace !! Hell ya !!!!!! 
Been listening to some wiz khalifa while getting ready for work , do your ears a favor and check him out . \Black and yellow\ " is really good . " 
Also , getting so excited for saturday . Can't believe that my bachelor party is gonna be at the UFC event , soooooooooo friggin sweet ! 
I hope rampage knocks out machida and bj penn ends hughe's career . 
I see nba2k11 , relaxation , wiz khalifa , purple , the office , and my awesome fiance ' in my near future !! Couldn't be happier !! 
What a fun drive in . Sideways all the way in . Awesome that they dont even get to the highways when your comin ' into work at 430am . 
salt the friggin ' roads !! 
feels awesome to legally own someone lol . 
on the way to chicago for the honeymoon ! o ya . 
haha , you have 3 first names now like me babe ! plus , why are we facebooking each other while we're sitting right next to each other . I feel like I'm < PROPFIRST > lol . 
Now that I'm married I feel old , cause old people get married right ? lol . 
about to see some HOT lesbians in Black Swan , o ya , so awesome . 
burrrrrr ! Its Gucci !! 
God I hate < PROPMALE > roethlesberger ! I wish I could drop kick him on the side of his knee . what a doosh in real life . GO PACKERS !!!! 
I hate people that ice fish . Doesn't make any sense to me . \Let's go stand on ice and if we fall in we're dead\ " . Fish in the summer !!!!!!! " 
Work needs to be over already ! 
Looking forward to seeing lil < PROPMALE > live in april . Can't wait to get the tickets this month ! 
Dead Space 2 is amazin ! 
trimmin ' my fb friend list today . wondering why did I friend some people that I could never stand ? lol . 
Tired today . Probably because my crazy stalker x called twice last night at 245am . I don't get it , its been over 5 years , get over it !! F#*@ !! 
Just picked up kilzone 3 , but can't play it till tomorrow , damn !! 
