is hoping to spend 2010 in the UK . 

likes beer . 
was totally humiliated in beer pong last night . 
only has one more ALS Monday to deal with . 
is going to bed at 9:00 . Awesome . 
is ready for beer pong . Will tonight be the night that < PROPFIRST > goes down like a punk bitch ? Only time will tell . 
is the punk bitch , apparently . 
is really very striking . 
should probably have done some studying at some point today . 
is at three days and counting . 
has a nautical-themed Pashmina afghan . 
saw a beached whale at < PROPFEMALE > Beach . Sad . 
is such a wino . 
no pidió este pescado . 
is wearing a shirt with the British flag on it today . Deal with it . 
is very excited to be going back to work tomorrow . No , really . 
was just joking about the work thing . Can't wait for Friday . 
wants to sleep for a year . 
is going to WalMart to pick up The Exorcist . 
couldn't find a copy of The Exorcist at WalMart or Best Buy . There were about eighty copies of < PROPFEMALE > Dog , though . 
will walk along these hillsides in the summer ' neath the sunshine . 
wants one more Saturday . 
looks just like the sun . 
It's all just parts and relationships and analyses and syntheses and figuring things out and it isn't really here . 
can't , wont , and don't stop . 
loves D.C. 
just realized that football season begins in just over a month . That's so close , but it feels like years . 
won $2 in the Mega Millions last night , which means he actually lost $3 . 
is awesome . 
can't believe it's 93 degrees in the office . 
apparently died and went to hell sometime late Saturday night . 
is pining for the < PROPFEMALE > . 
lives his life in cocaine . 
is watching Mean Girls . Totally straight thing to do on a Friday night . 
doesn't much feel like drinking , but owes it to his public . 
misses three day weekends . 
needs an autopilot function . 
is over this whole military thing . 
has been listening to way too much REM lately . 
is not above drinking Scotch alone in the dark . 
never wants to watch screaming kids bouncing in an inflatable tiger ever again . 
is upgrading to Snow Leopard . PC users will have no idea what joys this brings . 
ain't gonna work on < PROPFEMALE>'s farm no more . 
is pretty sure that losing to an ACC team is grounds for dismissal from the SEC . 
put everything off until the last minute again . 
There is only Zuul . 
thinks it feels like a night for drinking . 
never was a contender . 
is sleeping , then waking up to watch SEC football , then maybe sleeping again . 
is rolling with the Tide . 
is done with football for the night . Watching Get Smart with low expectations , but enjoying all the < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway . 
is drinking a bottle of wine and catching up on Heroes . 
is watching Bama play on DVR - don't even think about telling me what happened in the game today . 
is watching the Auburn/Tennessee game . Busy day . 
only has two days left till football . 
only has one day left till football . 
is watching Big 12 football , which is the next best thing to watching SEC football . 
is watching Auburn struggle against the Hogs . 
loves Alabama football more than you love your mother . 
wishes LSU and Florida could both lose . 
ruins everything . 
casts Magic Missile at the darkness . 
has five clocks in his life and only one has the time right . 
is probably gay considering how much he likes Glee . 
has a 63% < PROPMALE > of not falling asleep on mission tonight . 
wonders how much the refs were paid to throw the game for Florida . 
is ready to beat < PROPMALE > Spurrier's smug ass at homecoming . RTR ! 
is offering a reward to anyone who finds and returns the real < PROPMALE > McElroy to Tuscaloosa before the second half starts . No questions asked . 
thanks God for His infinite mercy , and also for < PROPFIRST > Ingram . 
is watching his Netflix rentals , finally . First up : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
and < PROPFEMALE > are pretending to be European sophisticates . < PROPFEMALE>'s winning . 
doesn't understand why Facebook is so eager to play therapist for him . It's a big job , and frankly Facebook's not prepared to deal with the self-loathing and perverse emotional fantasies that it would be dealing with if he actually let loose and really did tell it what was on his mind . Stop pretending that you care , Facebook . 
dislikes work slightly less when he doesn't have to wear the uniform . 
is out . 
fought and died for this country in the jungles of southeast < PROPFEMALE > . 
can't decide whether to root for the Hogs or the Rebels , but is enjoying the game a lot . 
loves his new Keurig coffeemaker . Currently enjoying < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s mudslide coffee . 
has found the magic formula for happiness : pizza + beer + Alabama football . RTR ! 
is really concerned about < PROPMALE > McElroy . 
thinks death is least funny when it happens to a child . 
gets so mean around this scene . 
speaks an infinite deal of nothing , more than any man in all < PROPFEMALE > . 
has got the ways and means to New Orleans . 
wishes so badly that the X-Files was a documentary series . 
is your biggest fan ; he'll follow you until you love him . 
has one more day in D.C. 
is looking forward to picking up < PROPFEMALE > and bringing her home . 
had a nightmare about the Bama-LSU game last night . Not cool . 
RMFT . 
has an awfully full schedule for someone who doesn't have anything to do all day . 
shall ruin this house with his anger . 
Dear fever : please go away and take the body aches with you . If you do this , I shall sacrifice three baby kittens in your unholy name . 
is watching the Mad < PROPMALE > trilogy on AMC . Awesome . 
is become death , the destroyer of worlds . 
hates rooting for the Gators , but also hates < PROPMALE > Spurrier . 
doesn't understand the black jersey thing everyone seems to be doing lately . RTR . 
is heading home for Thanksgiving . First stop : Nashville . 
misses the kiss of treachery . 
has a mind like a sieve . 
is about to piss his pants from excitement . One more day until the Tide rolls in Atlanta . 
is ready for some football . 
Roll Tide ! 
just watched the real national championship game . So proud of everyone in Atlanta . Roll Tide ! 
can't wait to see how Colt McCoy handles an SEC defense . 
probably has mono or something . 
needs to meet a nice lawyer or doctor who doesn't mind supporting him through grad school and the inevitable unemployment that follows grad school . 
is looking for tickets to the Penn State game for next year . Willing to sell arm , leg , or soul depending on seats . 
just saw a political ad for < PROPMALE > Webb highlighting his support of < PROPFIRST > McCain's policies . How poorly is Obama polling in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is leaving on a jet plane . 
finds < PROPMALE > agreeable , but not as amazing as everyone has been telling him for the last four years . 
has no idea why he's still obsessed with someone who clearly never cared about him in the first place , but suspects it has something to do with being a total emo loser . 
is watching Flight of the Conchords . Awesome . 
likes to rock the party . 
really likes the FreeCreditReport.com guys . They should put out an album . 
likes real coffee from the hills of Colombia . 
is off work until Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Ho ho ho . 
looked out on the feast of < PROPFIRST > , when the snow lay round about deep and crisp and even . 
has no idea what to do with three French hens . 
came and gave without taking , but was sent away . 
isn't really as funny as he thinks he is . 
is so freaking excited . 
Number 13 is coming home . RTR !! 
is not motivated for work this week . When's the next holiday ? 
had to take < PROPFEMALE > to the emergency room last night , but she's doing much better now . 
is the Dirty South boss . 
has never been readier for the weekend to arrive . 
is on a mission , and it involves some heavy touching yeah 
is one day closer to the weekend . Rock on . 
would probably not be sick again if he would quit smoking . 
likes the snow , but could do without all the ice on the road . 
can't sleep , but what else is new ? Can't wait for Friday . 
is gonna celebrate and dance so free one more time . 
should not be handled near an open flame . 
is super excited about being on leave . 
is working on a drinking problem tonight . 
ain't got a care in the world , but got plenty of beer . 
has been awake way too long , way too often this week . 
went black and now faces a difficult decision regarding whether or not to go back . 
went from having some work to do this week to having way more work to do this week in the span of about thirty seconds . Never check your e-mail after 4:00 . 
is out of the office for most of the week being super important . Also going to < PROPMALE > next week so suck on that , bitches . 
wishes he could enjoy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , but doubts anyone would appreciate him coming in hungover on a Thursday . Everyone who's getting wasted tonight , be safe and remember that it's technically a holy day so you should probably not do too many things for which you'll have to repent come Sunday . 
is flying out to < PROPMALE > in the morning and you're not . 
did not fly out to < PROPMALE > this morning , and is in fact still sitting at Norfolk International Airport waiting for his much delayed flight to take off . 
is so very tired of airports , and not looking forward to pulling a 12 hour shift tonight . Eighteen more months .... 
is looking for vacation suggestions for next month . Must be in the continental U.S. , but otherwise anything goes . Please share ideas . 
needs more cowbell . 
wishes spring could still be pretty without trying to kill him . 
flees forward , in the midst of new things . 
was created by the all powerful God to fill the universe with his masterpieces . 
has decided to leave here forever . 
is getting too old for this shit . 
is digging for fire . 
is drinking cocktails and watching cartoons . 
wonders why every street , road , boulevard and highway in the state of < PROPFEMALE > is under construction today . 
is pissed that FlashForward is cancelled . 
is marginally satisfied by the Lost series finale , but still doesn't understand the time travel season . 
is reading comic books because he's an adult and can do whatever he wants . 
is so damn hot ... milk was a baaad choice 
My robot brain needs beer . 
has got no one to call in the middle of the night anymore . 
still doesn't have working a/c but has been assured each business day for three days that it will be installed \tomorrow\ " . Guess who's not renewing his lease ? " 
is a nihilist raised on violence . 
is updating his iPod with all sorts of music you've never heard of . 
Me and your mom have been noticing lately that you've been having a lot of problems , and you've been going off for no reason and we're afraid you're going to hurt somebody , and we're afraid you're going to hurt yourself . So we decided that it would be in your best interest if we put you somewhere where you could get the help that you need . 
loves unexpected days off . 
is having a great Air Force day , how about you ? 
bought a new iPod and it is rockin ' his socks off . 
may be a lover but he ain't no dancer . 
hotwash + beer 
is going underground . 
is gonna snowball < PROPMALE > . 
is watching every episode of Freaks and Geeks thanks to IFC and the magic of DVR . 
is one day closer to freedom . 
had a fun night . Thanks to everyone who made it special . 
has only ever agreed with < PROPMALE > Kroeger on this one simple fact : we all just wanna be big rock stars . 
can't get no satisfaction ( thank God ) . 
who dat ninja 
has got blisters on his fingers . 
apparently only needed four hours of sleep today . 
can't remember life before Blu-ray . 
might ne < PROPMALE > to retake driver's < PROPMALE > . 
has redefined his personal parameters for \success\ " and it turns out he's already lost . " 
is watching Arkansas-Georgia , Alabama-Duke , Clemson-Auburn , Notre Dame-Michigan State , Texas-Texas Tech , and is still trying to figure out where sleep fits into that . Also going to drink responsibly at Luckie's Dueling Piano Bar tonight . 
is taking a power nap . Will be fashionably late to Luckie's . 
Step one : Imbibe large quantities of moderately priced wine . \ 
Step two : .... \ 
Step three : Profit ! 
Can't get \Fader\ " out of my head ( or off my playlist ) . " 
In desperate need of human contact . If you don't have dinner plans , hit me up . 
didn't realize there were so many dead gangsters in Legends of the Fall . 
Seriously , $44 for a t-shirt ? What the hell Urban Outfitters . 
Cold pizza and beer ftw . 
Is it weird that I ate a banana an hour ago but I still smell banana ? 
Dear love handles : I'm just not ready for a long-term relationship at this stage of my life , and I think we should start seeing other people . Maybe when we're both older and ready to settle down , we can think about getting back together ; right now , I'm going on a date with P90X . Thanks . 
