I always say i am gonna do this ,,,,,,,, but never really get to it ,,,,,,, God i need help !!!!!! ;) 

Going to < PROPFEMALE > everybody !! to preach the Gospel . Iam really excited to be a part of God's vision here on earth , may the hand of the Lord be upon his people , who sacrifice their life to bring about the Lord's righteous vision for the nations . Isaiah 51:4 -6 If there is anyone who is willing to donate , feel free to get a hold of me i have support letters dont hesitate help fulfill God's plan for us with much love , your Exy ;) 
Hi beautiful people , may the Lord be with you all the days of your life , for He lives forever He is the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > the beginning and the end , the same now and forever , may the Lord's very mantle cover you every day of your life .!!!! much Blessings beautiful , wonderful people .... love you much ......... EXY 
I have become hungry for the Lord ,,,, all i want to do is breath his great aroma ,,,,, i bet its pleasing ..... i delight myself in the Lord i find much pleasure in his scripture ,,,, it brings new life to my soul and refreshes my thirst for rightousness ......... cant wait to see Him .,, may H make himself visible to me .......... 
I pray so that the Lord will reveal to me the secrets of His heart , that i may see his splendor that shines his light to every darken corner of the earth . Rejoice in the Lord always !!!!!!!! 
Still in luv with the Lord , found new intimacy 2day in worship , cant get enough , cant wait to fly i can almost feel myself leaving into heaven at times . His world is much kooler than the 1 down here . there is awesome joy that is like nothing you feel here on earth . its not hard 2 get there it just depends on how bad you want Him . \Those who seek shall find\ " seek Jesus with all your heart and He will reveal himself to you . " 
When you know Him , feel Him , hear Him , or even see His < PROPFEMALE > ,,, I promise you will never be the same , because when you get even the smallest tuch from Him , or even a whisper ,,, that love , that joy ,,,,,, you just cant deny Him , and you would not want to let go of that ,,, you will want more untill you irritate Him , then He is just gonna have to let you have it ... Love Jesus !!!!! He has made me whole .... 
Is going crazy for the Lord , i am going to dive into His rivers of living water this break ,,, shower myself in His < PROPFEMALE > cant wait ,, i am going to touch Heaven today !!! In Jesus name . 
when your lost and feeling hopeless , there are only one set of hands that can hold you . The hands of an unfailing God , who will never deny to embrace you , that will never ever think of forsaking you , the hands of a savior , the hands of a redeemer , the hands of a sustainer , the Lord Jesus Christ !!! and ho how he loves us !! 
Raking leaves isnt so bad its actually its a workout . but is isnt so fun when ther're surprises in the midst of them .... poop !!! hahaha 
There are secrets in the snow ... but the love of God is no secret ,,, rejoice because the Lord loves you ,,,, and His faithfulness never fails .... join me in a dance of worship , like the worship the snowflakes dance as they fall from the heavens .... oh blessed the Lord of the heavens and the earth , Creator of natures awesome wonders !!! 
I refuse to let the enemy get the better part of me , so i lift up the name of JESUS who is worthy of all praises and delight myself in Him who lifts me up . 
oh taste and see that the Lord is good ! :) 
its not on my time or on your time ,,, its when He says its time ...... and as i serve and walk with the Lord ,,, ive learned He never fails ,, even when i cant see His hand the Lord is promising ... 
God is so wonderful ,,,,, He allowed me to minister to some children ... just so glad to know that God is raising an army from this young generation .... thats not all a little girl maybe about 8yrs old prophecied over my life ... iam telling you God is doing some crazy things ... iam excited !!!!!!! 
God gives favor ,,, i passed my drivers test and with a rude teacher .... haha 
fixing to go to the prayer house and soak me some Yeshua(Jesus ) ... there isnt anything better than being in His sweet presence .!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > in scripture did alot of things that were'nt honorable before the Lord ,,, but his repentance was real , his worship was real , and he was real with God ... God already knows your background and what you've done ,,, just be real .. :) 
Oh the blood of Christ ,,, i washes over me ,, seriously !!... demons flee in Jesus name ,, Glory be to the Lamb of God ,, who has all authority over demon principalities . Oh and how they hate when you speak in tongues ... praise Jesus !!! the < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s ... 
The Lord is my Strong Tower and i will clinge to it every day of my life .... thank you Lord for your new mercies every day ... 
Blessed it the man who trusts in the Lord and whose hope is in the Lord for he is like a tree planted by the waters !! < PROPMALE > 17:7 
Yeshua !! wow our salvation ,,, that name ,, i was meditating on it and Yeshua the Son of God !! who came and died for out sins the Most Holy Man on earth who ever lived . took the place on that cross and poured His blood on dirty grounds for us ... yeah that sound like a savior ... Yeshua ! what a beautiful name ... 
enjoying the Lord ,,, amazed at what He is doing with my family ... how do we get answers to our prayer ,,,, be persistent 
midterms are out of the way ... praise God !!! so instead of a guest speaker we just showered in God's presence could'nt ask for more ... peace , relief , and fustruation are gone ... more YEshua .. 
< PROPFEMALE > to God !!! for His mercifulness ,, even in our inperfection God loves us unconditionably ,, and its by His grace that we are saved ... thats an amazing God !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > to God in the highest !!!! God is powerful and He is pouring out right now !!!!... Dont miss out on His < PROPFEMALE > ..... He is giving ... so seek cause you will find ..... 
I will trust in you ... Abba father ... Be Praised ,,, greater is He then all the problems i face ... 
FEAR NOT !!! for I am with you ; be not dismayed , for I am your God . I will strengthen you , Yes , I will help you , I will uphold you with My righteous right hand .. < PROPMALE > 41:10 and yes He has strengthen me ...!!! God is GOOD !! :) 
Yesha's in control !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm going to Bermuda ! Plz pray for our team . Love u ! 
Back from bermuda !!!! God was awesome , God was everywhere no doubt .. The people were beautiful and hungry for God , so God gave them more . The island was turned upside down He incountered all the right people right when they needed it . Not only that but God was Glorified everywhere , and in the streets .... HE is truly doing a work there . God BLESS BERMUDA !!! 
I miss all my friends !!!!!! Andy i miss you so much !!!! even if you dont see this ill still write it ... work has been taking alot of my time but i luv u ,,, and all my old buddies who i havent seen in a long time ... i miss yall !!!! and care so much for you guys ... if your my friend include yourself ... lol .... love Exy !! :) 
God is awesome and His love and mercy is neverending .... i love the fact that my God Jesus is a man of His word ... faithful and unfailing ... i give my heart to you God wholeheartedly ..... 
Thanks guys for all your b day shout outs ... I really felt loved .. I love all of u so much .. 20 y'all iam getting old ... 
God bless adamson high school !! God has done some great things there healings and salvations ... evangelism in a time such as this is vital ... especially to this hungry , broken generation ... Praise and < PROPFEMALE > to God ... Yeshua ( Jesus) !!! 
Fixing to play some drums its so exciting its been months since i havent played ....... woot woot ..!!! 
iam going to bettys bithday tommorow !!!!! yeyyyyyy !!! but after work !!!! thats an awww . 
ok for the last couple weeks ive been wanting 2 say something on facebook i dont kno what ,, i want 2 say something normal n da problem is all i can think about is Jesus n how good He is .. i cant explain i wish i could but He is just burning in my heart . just talking about Him 2 people and seeing miracles happen how can i ever stop !!! The truth is i love Jesus and nothing can separate our love for each other ... 
Is going to play drums somewhere in mansfield for a halloween christian out reach it will be fun ... 
Dont ever say \I cant\ " because Jesus already died so that you \ " Can\ " step out in faith and do what God has called us to do ... " 
My sister just finished sleep talking sum weird giberise stuff . Lol 
my newborn nephew was born today I am a < PROPFEMALE > once again . I am truly thankful for this gift from GOD . Welcome to this world Relby JR . MUCH LOVE YOUR < PROPFEMALE > EXY ! 
I like being called < PROPFEMALE > its cute . But calling little relby , relby is a little weird ... lol but he is a good looking little esquivel just like his < PROPFEMALE > exy ,, lol ... little relby is now 2 days old but he just seems to get taller by the second .. 
God loves me He fed me chinese yey !!!! He knows I luv it ... Except when u have to share with sisters who use u for food .... lol yep thats < PROPFEMALE > alright 
The seasons are changing I can feel it ,, its just not the same anymore .. life itself is selfish it rules n moves at its own pace ,,... Sometimes I wish I was like < PROPFIRST > who told the sun to stop n and it did 4 a dAy and a half .... still life surrenders 2 God !!! 
God is always on the throne ,, perfect and unshakeable 
I thinkkkkkk i am in luvvvvv ............ 
When I got home from walmart I fell ,, it was < PROPFEMALE > funny my sister was on my back and we both sliped and fell hard .. Lol so while on the floor I could not help but lick the snow it taste s < PROPFEMALE > oo goood yuuum . :) 
1 , 2 , 3 -- ^ ? × ? €¢¥¥ -10000 isnt it amazing how < PROPFIRST > just keep going and going no real end ,, it goes straight into a cloudy infinite . What a God we serve : ) 
Jesus us still Lord even when things don't go the way i wanted it to be . 
The truth us there is NO God like Jesus ,, He us the ONLY way , truth , and life . I don't say it cause its scripture I say it cause its the truth . U CANT go to heaven for good deeds or just because ur good . U have to give your heart to Jesus . 
i saved 300$ on a plane ticket to < PROPFEMALE > ,,, woot woot still cant believe it .. but its true it happened . luv you Jesus !!!!! and < PROPMALE > i love you come home already ... 
i had six meetings and appointments this week ,,, i am a little overwhelmed ... rest , rest , rest ,, no burn out in Jesus name . 
yesterday , i spent most of my time going thru all my friends profiles and learned much about my friends . am glad to kno they r doing good and living life . thank u all my 595 of my friends and counting for being so awesome .. i love each and everyone of u , u guys should kno that yall r an incredible superkool generation , that r pondering the paths of our future , lets be wise as future leaders of dis world in Jesus name !! 
I am at our all night prayer at Cfni come join me people we ll be here till 6am . Come any time 
I got freed from many things yesterday ,, generational curses in particular i feel < PROPFEMALE > much lighter , mountains came off . I want to thank every in all night prayer for being there and praying for me . My confession was killing me the enemy was trying to fill me with shame but Jesus told me \u r a New creation \"" 
Sky diving what a terror but what a rush that will be ... i plan to do it this year when i turn 21yrs . I've invited a couple people already so prepare yourselves . Luv exy 
Still up making tamales , iam < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
One more midterm exam to go ,,, woot woot !!! 
This week i wrestled a dog , my best friend sleped over , i made tamales , worked , and played Basketball finally , today the movies it is ,,, woot woot ... 
Basketball is one of the few things i want to keep doing even when i am twenty-seven . 
i hate what beer does to my Dad . Seems like i always have to watch over him , shouldn't it be the other way around . 
My sisters random thought of the day . \ How many people are cheating on their partner right now \"...." 
< PROPFEMALE > my sisters boyfriend called her and asked where u at ,, my sister said i am at jumbo < PROPFIRST > ,,, instead of < PROPFIRST > in the box !!! lol hahahaha ,, i can't get enough lol :) 
all i want to do is hoop ... but i need somenoe to hoop with ,, that has a ball and a court .... lela !!!!! 
Tomorrow a New day to try life again ... with the will of the father ofcourse 
Tuesday night experience woot woot come people ill be there , Jesus will be there ... well actually u already have Him with u if u gav ur heart 2Him ... but if not today could b da day !!! At CFNI starts at 7pm building behind < PROPFEMALE > chick 
Jesus loves me this i know , for Holy Spirit tells me so . Yey ! !! ¢ : 
So i was in one of my Piano lessons and it just seems like i can't get my fingers to do what i want . :( tear it frust-rates-me ... 
My car broke down while i was driving . All i heard was boommm !!!!! And my car was smoking ... not only that but some people from < PROPFEMALE > started screaming at me ... \ take your car somewhere else\ " ur gonna catch our motel on fire !!! \ " JESUS HELP ME !!! " 
I don't have my contacts on today so i am disabled ,,, but I've just learned that i loose other senses too . For some weird reason i do feel smarter with my contacts on . 
I want to play ball .. Marisa , < PROPFEMALE > , abbi !!! Call me guys i get out at six today .. 
(-,-) 
Work work work with Sabino yey ! !!! 
I want to go home 
I am ovewhelmed its hard to think and for some reason it feels like its my fault . Don't like stressing 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Molina is the best !! 
Sleep atlast thank u Jesus u luv me 
Every thing is going as planed thank you Jesus 
I luv all my friends and i luv God < PROPFEMALE > very much .. and now i want more of u Jesus more !!! MORE JESUS TAKE ME INTO A NEW LEVEL OF YOUR PRESENCE ,, I PRAY IN JESUS NAME .. 
I miss singing in choir . :( i would like to redo a couple things in life if i could .. like going left instead of right in one of my Basketball games . 
Sometimes i want to scratch off all the lotto tickets at my job ... 
I know this might be weird now in days especially because of the impact starbucks has in our generation , but i don't like coffee ... lol 
I love people i do but some people really just need the love of Jesus . Seriously ! 
I couldn't be happy er now ... God really just loves me lots its just too easy . <3 
Can't sleep ahhhh 
