Thinking about going to the movies . What's new ? 

When your feeling down , look up . Remember tommorow is not promised and today should be cherished . Everythings gonna be alright . 
Trucking it to Arizona with my uncle < PROPFIRST > were pulling 28,000 lbs I'm so lovin it . Watch out people I'm comin through 
relationships , cant live with em cant live without em . sometimes we want to give up , but i emplore you do not give up the fight . It takes two . Communiaction , trust , and respect are the key people . Get it together . 
Resident evil 4 was awesome saw it in 3d totally recommend it . Especially if u play the games . 
Getting drunk with thjet homie < PROPFEMALE > 
At the beach with the fam and < PROPFEMALE > 
so much for our happy ending 
I stuck out my hand , and she took mine . This might be the start of a new beginning . 
Wed , we know what that means see ya'll night owls at the club 
im feeling lucky :-) 
playing halo reach with my bro 
went to < PROPMALE > e cheese with friends i felt very awkward with one year olds staring at me funny , eh lil brats 
driving all around the vally with my ppls < PROPFEMALE > and ceci ........ to TJ or bust 
just got a ticket so TJ's a bust :-( 
she stood there and looked at me with those peircing eyes , all I can say is what have I done , as she turned away and walked out of my life ............ keep your friends close and your enemies closer 
going to tgif with my best buds 
Life is hard ...... but if it wasn't we wouldn't appreciate the beautiful things it has to offer . 
at < PROPFIRST>'s with my friends having a good time 
With my Best Man < PROPFEMALE > doing what we do best ....................... you know what we do ?!?!?! 
Its Friday people .................... live it up and have a happy weekend !!!!! 
Going to the movies with my friends ..... last day of the weekend 
Hanged with my boo , and the bestest friends anyone can ask for .... had a great time at the beach guys ... thanks for the memory !! 
Gonna be in Anaheim this week ..... working on a project .... working hard for that money .... I will miss FB , until then everyone have a great week !!! 
Feels good to be back home after a week of non-stop work .............. time to lay back and relax .............. 
Three weeks ...... I have been on the road working ...... now i can get a lil R&R and relax at home for the week ................ here I come boo ......... ^_^ 
Late at night when all the world is sleeping ..... I stay up and think of you ............... I'll be dreaming of you tonight , till tommorow I'll be holding you tight ............... 
I gave you my hand , and you pushed it away ......... I gave my warmth , and you gave me your cold shoulder ........ I gave you my love , and you just laughed at me ......... I gave you my heart , and you stabbed me in the back ............. Thanks for giving me the strength to walk away and realize I dont need to give you nothing . \ 
-TBI 
Shot through the heart but your too late , you give love a bad name .......... every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn . 
I'm willing to risk it all on you , take that jump with me my darling , let us rise or let us fall together . 
Dweeb smurf ....... where did you go ?? 
“Does love hurt or are we hurting ? Does love cause pain or is that just our attachments to an idea of love ? How can something cause you pain when it has no agendas , conditions or attachments ? ”\ 
-Amir Zoghi 
Leaving to Seattle Washington today , for work .......... I'll miss you guys ...... everyone stay safe ...... I'll keep in touch ......... ^_^ 
Just got off of work ..... my feet hurt like hell ..... what to look forward to ?? An awesome night with co-workers ... and another 11 hr shift 2mw ..... wish u were here boo . 
Another 12 hr shift ..... I'm freaking tired ...... stuck here with dumbasses who don't do shit all day but collect a check ..... great more work for me 
Hey everyone its fri and all of ya'll should be out out partying ..... lucky bastards ..... looks like I'm staying out in Washington till thanksgiving .... oh boy my check is gonna be fat .... haha stay safe and be smart ..... party for me peeps 
Coming down for the weekend ...... gonna see my boo and my peeps .... got four days to spend .... let's do it .... - California 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , but a cancer patient only has 1 : to get better . \ 
I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but i know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or who are still \ 
fighting 
This weekend was freaking awesome ...... thx boo , fam and friends ....... for being there for me I had a blast ....... for those who I ddnt get the < PROPMALE > to spend time with ...... when I come back I will .... promise . Today I leave to Washington again for another two weeks ..... I love it up there .... everyone stay safe ..... lates 
If I let you take my hand , will you guide me to safety ......... or let me walk into a pole !? ...... You kno who you are lmao 
Wtf is going on .... why have so many ppl stopped caring about wrk ethics ... fucking ppl here collecting a paycheck and doing a half ass job ..... f#$k move on over so someone who wnts to really wrk can be here . 
I'm ready for tht promotion now ....... Boss 
Haha 37 degrees in Washington ........ y'all in Cali shouldn't complain ...... :-p 
Today I saved a coworker a lot of pain .... I stopped 200 lbs worth of metal warehouse upright from falling on him ...... I also saved all of us from having a drug test .... today .... everyone thanked me by taking me out to eat ..... hell yeah the casino was awesome and so were those steaks and lobsters 
I want my < PROPFIRST > hat back ........ 
Rain rain go away .... 
getting my motorcycle when I come back from washington ....... I cant decide if I want a sport bike or cruiser .... any ideas ??? 
Sippin on gin n juice ......... I'm laid back ..... with my mind on my money and money on my mind .... haha 
free tacos at < PROPFIRST > in a box .......... go get some before they run out 
i wear my sunglasses at night ..... cause my future is so bright lol 
Leaving Washington after a month , its such a beautiful state I will miss the trees , the water , and the weather , things that will always be remembered . ... the three O'reilly stores I remodeled , the freinds I made and some guy dying at our hotel .. ugh thx Wa for the memories 
Back home in cali after a month , I drove seven hundred < PROPMALE > from lakewood , Wa to Sacremento ... omg the trip was long but it was beautiful ..... two weeks to chill with fam and friends ...... Life is good 
Doing a lil spring cleaning on my fb ..... for those of you who I dont talk to or you dont talk to me sorry imma have to give u the boot ..... 
\Boom Boom Boom Boom I want you in my room \"......." 
Mmmm ......... donuts 
People be hating on me , It dont bother me cause Im blessed , people talk sh ! t about me , It dont bother me cause I know who I am , people want to front , It dont bother me cause I dont fight trash . 
S . ur Smile is like the sun u brighten my day T . is for Time we nver have enough , but I < PROPFEMALE > evry moment i spend wit u E . is for Exotic ... nuff said F . is for Fun , yes u A . is for how Amazing u are N . is for nerd , yes u are Y . is for Yes I'm glad I chose you = < PROPFEMALE > ^_^ 
Everyday society says , you can't make it ....... I just laugh and say .... I'm already here . 
Going out today what to do , what to do ? 
Hello facebook world , please send your prayers and thoughts for my sis-in-law < PROPFEMALE > who has been in the hospital for three days with a severe case of the Hives , trying to find ways of fundraising for her hospital < PROPMALE > if any ideas please help out , would be deeply appreciated . Thanks 
I'm always doubting , but I know I must be hopeful 
I'm always doubting , but I know I must be hopeful . 
Just getting off of wrk , wrking them 10 hrs shifts all this week 
Brick by brick I will build my house , my relationship , my friendships , and my courage , for with each brick I grow stronger , wiser , and faster , for Life is the big bad wolf , but it won't be able to bring me down . 
Seeing you always puts a smile on my face , because you are that one person I kno I can depend on . Your my best friend , no one does it better than you ..... SSG 
Work smart not hard . 
If you can't handle me at my worst you sure as Hell don't derserve me at my best . 
Work , work , work and no play 
After two weeks and 112 hrs later , I get to finally unwind and be with my boo , now I can sleep all I want . 
Best thing in my life thus far , my BFF , your the bread to my butter , being with you is always an adventure . 
Here at court with my gf , and they wouldn't let me in because they said my ring looked like a weapon . In my opinion cops are a joke , freaking profiling as soon as I stepped through the doors . 
Update 
Got the week off , gonna < PROPFEMALE > with friends and enjoy before i go back to being worked as a slave 
Today is a new day , its also the day i get my new tatoo . ^_^ 
Women are like fine wine , they get better with age . 
Just remember why you go to work ............... to pay the lovely people running our government . 
Its quality not quantity that matters . 
Two things in life that are certain .......... Death and Taxes . 
I love the rain , it brings life to nature . 
Back to work , getting ready for another two week project , working hard to get mi casita . ^_^ 
You may be poison , but I love how you make it all better . 
Its < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , that I saw a lil toddler get knocked over by the wind and start crying , poor thing rolled a couple times . :-( 
Nothing better than coming home to a hot meal and a Hott woman after a long day at work , I had carne asada tonight . 
When you feel like what am I doing here , why am I doing this . And you just want to give in , remember we are all fighting for something , whether big or small , so don't give up , it always pays off in the end .... for you SSG 
Looks like ill be taking that money ..... haha . 
Last day on my two week project , then back home to be with my boo for a lil r&r then back to work on tues ... weekend here I come . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but whips and chains excite me ...... ^_^ 
99 problems and a bitch ain't one .... 
1 . Your like a dream come true 2 . Just want to be with you 3 . Girl its plain to see that your the only one for me 4 . Repeat steps one thru three 5 . Make you fall in Love with me .... if ever I believe my work is done then ill start back at one . 
You know my motivation given my reputation , excuse me I don't mean to be rude but tonight I'm F$# @ing you . 
I don't think your beautiful ..... I think your beyond it . 
One more time ..... 
Gunman : Any last words ? \ 
Me : No \ 
Gunman : 20 and no last words ? \ 
Me : Well , if I had to say something before I die , it would be I'm grateful for the time I had here on earth , and I had the pleasure of falling in Love with my best friend . \ 
Gunman : Impressive ......... Bang Bang ! 
Stereo Love 
No money , no < PROPFEMALE > . 
On my way to San < PROPFIRST > for three weeks , hoorah .... boo Ill miss you just remember . Its for our future 
What is it about Love that even after we get burned we continue to seek it ? Is it because we are afriad to be alone ? Because we don't know any better ? What about those that hurt others ? What drives people to such selfishness ? Is it because we are cruel and unkind ? Or because we were once hurt ? Whatever it is Love plays an influential part in all our lives . I love to Live , I Live to Love . 
I wish you were here to see this beautiful pink horizon , over endless blue 
Rango anyone ? 
Lust is the weekend ....... Love is a Lifetime 
My chic bad My chic hood , My chic does shit your chic wish she could . 
Enjoying my weekend with my bff/gf then back to work in Frisco for another month . You make everything worthwhile , thx my < PROPFEMALE > . ^_^ 
Beautiful , I just want you to know , your my favorite girl ...... 
Praise in Public , Punish in Private ..... something I learned in NJROTC . You know who you are . 
When Life gives you Lemons ........ squeeze the sh*t out of it . 
Angie : Did you ever blow bubbles when you were a kid ? Viktor : Yes . Angie : I saw him yesterday and said Hi . Viktor : A**hole ......... ^_^ 
I Love that thing you do !! 
