yay my heart didn't explode that would have been messy 

\I am the way the truth and the life no one comes to the father except through me . \ " < PROPFIRST > 14:6 " 
nothing is on my mind im talking to my girlfriend and shes txting her other boyfriend right now 
pretty stoked about college im moving pretty soon woot !!! 
I love sex drive one of the best movies i've seen in a long time !!! 
First 8 o'clock class today and it was lame 
aaaaaaahhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! 8 o'clock im dieing but i dont have class till 11 after this im walkin back to the trailer and falling asleep woot !!!! 
been down lately can't seem to find that verse of life that keeps me happy 
campout at walmart sleeping on the concrete with two really small blankets = not a great idea but the fellowship was awesome 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ooo so glad i dont have classes on friday at all its really nice my night is going to be a late one and i will sleep in forever tomorrow because im lazy and can do that \pumps arm\ " YES !!!! " 
living the high life =) 
can not stand math at all 
I dont know where to run 
I wish i made cures for , how people are . 
\Disatch - Passerby\ " story of my life man ! " 
ok on 3 \1 .. 2 ... 3 ... \ " i fell for it again and i still dont have a cup cake dangit !!! " 
boob 
well that was my friend < PROPFEMALE > she thinks boob is a funny word lol 
Im like a sprained ankle aint nothin to play with ! 
Buugh !!! i have a quiz in math right now and its not gonna be pretty !! 
Well .. I cant trust you with the truth so here hold these lies for me . :) 
math test today in math . all the chips are down i have to win this hand or im out . 
eating ice cream out of the tub what more could you ask for ?? 
whos got the hooch ?!? 
shouldn't write songs anymore . 
Should there be a dislike button ? Facebook is here to make people happy not bring them down . 
Your arms look big . Did you work out or something ? 
hates hick ups !!! 
distraught about the way i am . 
ready to not suck so bad at life . 
\I turn pale when she walks by I am lost in her eyes she is always on my mind . \ " Phantom PLanet " 
I'm not an open book if I haver ever told you otherwise i was lying . The Weepies sad it the best \No body knows me at all . \"" 
Whats on my mind ? \The things I cant get off of my mind . \"" 
feet hurt !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > i need a foot massage plzzzzzzzz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
man im glad today is saturday !!! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDD MMMMMOOOOOOOORRRRRRNNNNNNNIIIIIINNNNNGGGG VIETNAM !!!!! 
I've lost the words . 
Today was hard but what had to be done was done . Time to move on ... 
Press on Press on !!! 
I'm tired of facebook telling me to talk to ppl !! 
no school monday woot so happy 
I'm just not strong enough . 
I am getting a head cold =) woot ! 
still dont feel very good =( work in the morning at 10:30 
Morning World ! 
DayBreakers was a good mOvIE !!!!!!!!!!! 
Best nightmare ! ever last night . 
It was a good night =) 
I savor the bad memories . They make the good ones even better . They also let you know that what your living isn't fake . 
I needz a job ! 
Great night tonight except for one part but we wont talk about it lol !!!!!!!!!!! 
Great morning !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
late nights on fridays are the best 
were just now catching the storm that came from elk 
Mr. Jones and me . 
Is home ! 
Dont worry little brother there are more ! Thirteenth Warrior . 
I'd rather be workin for a paycheck than waiting to win the lottery . 
Dont pray for a hero become one ! 
pretty intense outside ! 
\I cant apologize or ask for forgiveness but i can dream of a life where i didn't sin\ " part of a song I wrote =) " 
\Should I put glitter on my chest ? \"" 
I need a Massage my neck is killing me . 
as we lay there her lips pressed against mine , my arms wrapped around , she moves closer , closer in time , our hearts beat one beat at a time her lips so sweet like wine tipped sugar mines . 
I thought we were done with all that silly dreamer talk . 
Just balled my eyes out watching \Seven Pounds\ " I would hate to be his friend at the end . " 
all i want right now in the world is to take you away with me no him no here no this just us if just for a day 
I've got a twenty dollar < PROPMALE > that says no one has ever seen you without makeup . 
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones , as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires . I have found the paradox , that if you love until it hurts , there can be no more hurt , only more love . 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . 
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous . 
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority , it is time to pause and reflect . 
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes : < PROPMALE > , nature , compulsions , habit , reason , passion , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Guess who got pulled over tonight =) its alright things could be worse . 
Whose that lady ??? Sexy lady ... 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > is that glitter on your pants ? 
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured . 
A man should look for what is , and not for what he thinks should be . A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new . 
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity . 
wish i had my phone on i want to hangout with people !!!!! 
Worked out today then climbed a mountain im a little tired lol 
Feeling sweepy guys where's my broom ? 
Where was all my good friends on tuesday night did they just decide to be lazy and not come to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > or did something happen ? 
is everyone's chat down ? or does facebook just like me that much ? 
Acceptance of the power of God in one's life lays the groundwork for personal commitment to both science and Christianity , which so often have been in conflict . But God cannot be reduced to a sample for analysis . 
I'm never less at leisure than when at leisure , or less alone than when alone . 
In the case of good books , the point is not to see how many of them you can get through , but how many can get through to you . If you never ask yourself any questions about the meaning of a passage , you cannot expect the book to give you any insight you do not already possess . 
It is cruel , you know , that music should be so beautiful . It has the beauty of loneliness of pain : of strength and freedom . The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love . The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony . 
i just clicked on a survey asking what do you call your soft drink and the choices were soda ... pop ... coke ... i did pop 29% soda is winning with 51% and coke is 20% this is lame i cant belive soda is winning 
As a well spent day brings happy sleep , so life well used brings happy death . 
Everything has been figured out , except how to live . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact . Every man dies . Not every man really lives . 
about to watch avatar see what all the fuss is about 
\If you knew I was dying would it change you ? \ " Manchester Orchestra " 
All who call on God in true faith , earnestly from the heart , will certainly be heard , and will receive what they have asked and desired . As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control , that things will flow as they will , and that you will flow with them , to your great delight and benefit . 
There is no planning . On the night it is really great , it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night . That was his attitude . 
Failure is just one more < PROPMALE > to succeed . 
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - \ 
but not without poetry . 
A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know \ 
will not hurt me . 
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have , and am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of\ 
them ? 
im bored need something to do ... 
mcdonalds frappe and my taste buds = success 
If I could be just 1/8th of a man as the spartans were I would be ecstatic . But im too romantic . =( 
When love is not madness , it is not love . 
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're \ 
alone with . 
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove \ 
than the hunger for bread . 
Well my saturday morning was a huge success and I have a feeling the rest of the day will be just as good ! 
wow im awesomely bored Need to hangout with someone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Synonym thats my favorite flavor ! 
well I almost died at work today ! thanks < PROPMALE > ... but i mean at least it wasn't < PROPFEMALE > ... =( 
Well i just turned my power strip off with my toe lol im pretty much the greatest =) any care to contest that ? 
Well its 536 BUGHHH !!!!!! i hate it lol enjoy your day everyone 
So I just bought some vaseline for men and its really nice even makes me smell like a man even tho im not its GREAT ! 
getting ready for another 5 o'clock morning woot not =( 
As the world sleeps , I weep for the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Shadows all around you as you surface from the dark\ 
Emerging \ 
from the gentle grip of night's unfolding arms\ 
Darkness , darkness \ 
everywhere , do you feel all alone ? \ 
The subtle grace of gravity , the \ 
heavy weight of stone 
Its one more day up in the canyon , and one more night in hollywood . 
It's Really A Quagmire\ 
IRAQ 
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing \ 
that we see too late the one that is open . 
When the sun kisses my face , do you become jealous ? 
Today was an amazingly easy day =) this is a good start for a great weekend . 
I come over early in the morning Im like a heat wave without warning and when i touch you my heart begins to flutter because your smooth and creamy like peanut butter 
Why do bad things happen to good people ? To give them a < PROPMALE > to become better . 
Grace and Beauty these are my follys . 
When you are a poet and you can not write a poem of the one you are with . Then that one might be \the one . \"" 
Turn out the lights , grab tha candles , wrap your arms around .. my love handles =) \ 
they say the magic will not always endure but this feeling that i have for you is burning up my world =)))))))))))) 
Would like to have a Massage . 
Dude gravity wont let me go !! 
Just got done sweeping and now I am vacuming in my underwear and flip flops . 
Night time is definitely the best time to sleep . 
Even in disaster God makes my life a very pleasant and joy filled life . 
Could really use a warm hug =) from anyone I just want a hug it sounds really nice . 
\It's got me feending for the fire that could finish of this town .. oh its got me good \"" 
I love talking about killing time , while it silently kills me . 
who wants to hangout ?? 
tonight was good . 
so ready for volley ball tonight !! 
Hungry , happy , sleepy .... 
im still awake and I have to be up at 5 tomorrow lol what am I doing ??? 
Yay three day weekend woot ! 
Get your priorities straight ! 
You wont relent until you have it all , my heart is yours . 
Just watched < PROPMALE > of persia I thought it was going to be bad but turns out it wasn't I kinda liked it =) 
sweet totally slept in and missed church thanks < PROPFIRST > your a kool guy =) 
I go for broke , but that just means I go until i'm broke . 
Legion was a ok movie now I have leap year and the newdaughter to watch anyone want to chill ? 
I'm kinda glad I didn't go to church camp this year . 
upset about tonight a little oh well who wants to hangout ? 
oh im also super stoked about friday really ready for \Get Him to the Greek \"" 
Shower Time guys !!!!! 
Donavon Frankenreiter ! Who are you sir ? 
Today all around was just one of the best days I have had . 
just made my bed well not really but im still going to go lye in it =( ) 
Shoot him again . \Why ? \ " His soul is still dancing . " 
Today is testing my < PROPFEMALE > and anger . 
what is up with this like my status poop that is going on lol 
Uh toady was a short and amazing day !!!!! glad to be off work 
So I got a phone send me a message with your number if you want too . 
July 28th can't come soon enough I need to be older !!! 
so i have a cell phone but still no one talks to me lol 
kinda bored guys . 
I wish i was < PROPMALE > . \Brock is a collection of pixels your a real man ! \"" 
So uh who has a pool I can come swim in ? 
I could follow you to the beginning \ 
Just to relive the start \ 
Maybe then we'd remember to slow down \ 
At all of are favorite parts 
A little tired of monotony . But way to scared to do anything about it . 
I am fifteen minutes stronger ! 
You've got designers shades , just to hide your face and you wear them around like , you're cooler than me . 
Ready . 
Love comes easy when your young . 
I have a horrible from work today we put down this sealer on a cement floor and it had a very strong gas smell . 
so got home today looked for my wallet and it was in the dryer total suck fest and it tore up one of my checks how lame ! 
\This is the window where i'll watch the future start my pupules dilated shocks spead up my arm shut my ambushed eyes turned my face towards the heat . \ " < PROPFIRST > Devine " 
Slow motion see me let go . 
Strength will rise . 
Comme < PROPFEMALE > force se fane Je sais que mon Dieu me sauvera . 
\Ooh what a lucky man he was . \ " ELP live on man I\ 
Maybe this year will be better than the last . 
Does anyone want a massage because I feel like giving one . 
Well had a pretty good 20th b-day ! 
Are you in ? 
Brick by brick this wall will fall , i will see what you have hidden and why your heart is so forbidden . 
< PROPFEMALE > I finished the book with a late fee =( im so glad im not a statistic 
I love thinking about Jesus beating his breast and asking God if there is any other way , then say but not mine your will be done . that is the basis of all my prayers I like singing from Jesus ' point of view to not that i know how he thought but I know how he loved 
I just saw a < PROPFEMALE > that was for barack wanted me to like it and 4 !!!! of my friends like him ..... still ! what the crap reall open your eyes please 
I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal . 
Does the world make you dizzy it does me I hate traveling in circles ! 
The choices we make now affect who we are . But they do not decied who we are going to be . 
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time \ 
he bites off more than he can chew . 
Is tomorrow monday it shouldn't be . 
By three methods we may learn wisdom : First , by \ 
reflection , which is noblest ; Second , by imitation , which is easiest ; \ 
and third by experience , which is the bitterest . 
I hate learning ! It seems like the only way I ever learn anything is from completely screwing up . 
I love that even in the deepest evil the darkest sin if you have a heart that wants god but your flesh is winning in that moment is where God lives he wants to catch us when we fall like that and make something immensely great and overwhelmingly indescribably beautiful . 
As for what concerns our relations with our fellow \ 
men , the anguish in our neighbor's soul must break all precept . All that\ 
we do is a means to an end , but love is an end in itself , because God \ 
is love . 
Tonight at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was truly just a great time ! Wish more people came there weren't enough . 
Too much time ! Not enough to do . 
Scale from 1 to 10 . What am I ? 
Really why does my guitar sooth me so ? Love love love it . 
Hosanna ! 
Everyone go read your sword ! 
Its harder to breath when im near you and only you want to tear me down and make me fail so you can succeed through me . Thank you 
You have to be someone . 
Bored ... Txt me :) 
Danger ! High Voltage ! when we touch huh ! when we kiss 
So I have decided that everyone should donate to the \get < PROPFIRST > a drum kit\ " fund he would really appreciate it . " 
Turner Falls be kind to me . 
Made it to Nicaragua safe and sound everyone so stop worrying 
Pray that my heart is ready and waiting when god speaks to and that my ears are in tune with his voice 
Man long day I think it's ridiculous that I'm on facespace in Nicaragua lol oh by the way God is great ! 
I suck at spades !!!! 
Your a mountain that I'd like to climb not to conquer but to share the view . 
I wish I was better at playing guitar . 
Bre Little is the prettiest girl in the world !! 
Up since 1 drivin home 14 hour drive woot ! :\\ but I have my aly an aj lol 
Broke down on side of road in texas 9 hours from home . 
I need someone to just sit around while I play guitar and write down the words I sing dangit ! 
Hey lets play volleyball !!!!!! 
If life is a dream , well if it is can I dream with you ? 
