ugh bored , hungry , depressed ... 

through the storm we reach the shore , you give it all but i want more 
kinda bored right now . 
tired .... 
When youre feeling loves unfair , You just ask the lonely , When youre lost in deep despair , You just ask the lonely 
Ah poop . I'm all worked up now trying to go to sleep but can't . 
Going to the beach with < PROPFIRST > Delao , probably gonna be really boring , but we're gonna make it fun ! 
It's a beautiful day ! If you haven't yet go outisde !! 
Going to eat bluemoon ! 
Wooh ! running + squats + bad hip + heat = BAD ! 
You're so contagious , running through my veins , you're so contagious , hanging onto every word 
But I'll be alright , I'm just missing you , this is me kissing you , X's and O's . 
Gets to see < PROPFEMALE > one last time before Montana ! YAY ! 
Oh no ..... 
Back where i want to be and i mess it all up . 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek was cool but i wasn't in to the movie . 
is exhausted from todays heat , stress , and emotions ... don't think I'll wake up tomorrow maybe saturday morning ..... maybe 
FUCK ! 
ugh bored and i have to work soon ..... double ugh 
is annoyed 
Bad move < PROPMALE > bad move .... 
You'll never be alone . 
Um ..... yeah 
is sitting at home with nothing to do ..... ho hum . 
working shamsucks ..... 
went swimming again for some reason and froze !!! 
Late nights ..... very tiring but its all worth it . 
Hopes < PROPFEMALE > didn't get her phone taken away .... 
I am vindicated , I am selfish , I am wrong , I am right , I swear I'm right , swear I knew it all along 
I don't know how you do what you do 
i just want us to go , drop everything and just go , 
And I still see your reflection inside of my eyes 
You're the meaning in my life , you're the inspiration 
Ugh , bored , nothing to do , can't keep my mind occupied from thinking sad thoughts .... 
Stress overload ! 
Ugh gotta work all week 
wants to be able to fly away for a day with one person . 
I seem to be f'ing up on everything this week . 
is an emotional wreck . Friggin Sucks ! 
1,842 . 03 < PROPMALE > ........... 
Then I'll see your face , I know I'm finally yours , I find everything I thought I lost before , You call my name , I come to you in pieces , So you can make me whole 
Last night in LM for two weeks ........... poop 
Mood just went down the poop chutes . 
I'm an idiot 
Sometimes you're like a hole I can't escape , I can't get out of it , And even if I could I'd fall back in , Cause I'm an Idiot 
I hate lies 
Tough , you think you've got the stuff , You're telling me and anyone , You're hard enough , You don't have to put up a fight , You don't have to always be right , Let me take some of the punches , For you tonight , Listen to me now , I need to let you know , You d 
is about to blow with frustration and anger ! I'm done for the night ! Gonna go punch my hand through the wall ! 
I know it's too late to say I'm sorry . 
What can you do when you hurt someone you love terribly ? 
I wish i was two years old again so i didn't know the worries of the world and the worries of the heart . 
= fucking dumbass that can't do anything right ! I open my mouth i fuck up . I don't say anything I fuck up some more ! 
All I wanted to say , All I wanted to do , Is fall apart now , All I wanted to feel I wanted to love , Its all my fault now , A Tradegy I fear .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is so much stronger than I am 
This is not what I intended , I always swore to you I'd never fall apart , You always thought that I was stronger , I may have failed but I have loved you from the start . 
OMG I found a computer in the middle of nowhere , oregon ! 
Missing < PROPFEMALE > no matter how much my immature uncles make fun of me ! 
Yay watching scary movies with my cousins who i haven't seen in five years !!!! 
Wow that was really scary ! 
missing you more .... <3 
is literally home sick .... fever and nausea ....... ugh ..... don't forget the piercing head ache ! 
7 hours of driving ...... 26 hours in 4 days ..... 
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be ... 
Almost done , almost done , almost done . 
last day in Montana before i get to drive home for 24hours .... 
Ahh Montana the Huckleberry state it should be called . Huckleberry Soda , syrup , wine , < PROPFEMALE > , and just plain huckleberries !! 
And all I can taste is this moment , And all I can breathe is your life , Cause sooner or later it's over , I just don't want to miss you tonight ... 
Vacation was more stress then relaxing ..... woop < PROPFIRST > doo ... 
Going to bed ! This weeks stress is unbareable ..... vacation my butt ..... 
Home finally ..... 
I’m just too far from where you are , I wanna come home . 
Football !!! Can't decide if i'm excited or not .... 
I don't understand .... 
in pieces 
is on my hands and knees .... 
is definately not a christian right now .... 
I'm just gonna drive and drive till i can't drive anymore ..... 
fifty < PROPMALE > , a thousand tears , and one heartfelt conversation ... feeling a bit better . 
breaking promises and hearts is all i seem to be good at . 
is just dandy ! 
What would you do if we woke up and the whole world was gone ? Well , would you believe with me is where you belong ? 
Playing guitar ... bored ... 
there's alot of things on my mind ... 
couldn't sleep then slept through my alarm ..... wow . 
Football , then work ..... not too bad but i wish i could be doing something more fun ! 
hooo hum .... 
STOP WRITING ON MY WALL < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Hopes today is gonna be a good day ! 
I likey Anberlin !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
She always puts a big smile on my face ! 
work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work 
wow 24 ppl online ! I think thats the most I've ever seen ! 
YAY !!!! Mt Olympus !!! Can you keep up < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
Had an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > at Mt . Olympus !!! 
Trying to make a move just to stay in the game , I try to stay awake and remember my name , But everybody's changing , And I don't feel the same ....... Yay Keane ! 
listening to music before i hit the bed 
But any way you look at this , Looks like , The lovers are losing ... The lovers are losing by Keane 
But everybody's changing , And I don't feel the same 
just got done doing some tests and running till i almost puke !! 
And if you have a minute , why don't we go , talk about it somewhere only we know . 
I ran until i felt like puking again !!! yay puking !!! 
Yay might not have to work !! And I get an extra hour off for certain !! Thank you bad weather ! 
Somewhere over the rainbow .... 
you'll be in my heart , From this day on , Now and forever more ... 
And she says oooh , I can't take no more , Her tears like diamonds on the floor , And her diamonds bring me down , Cuz I can't help her now ... 
The smell of your skin , The taste of your kiss , The way you whisper in the dark , Your hair all around me , Baby you surround me , You touch every place in my heart . 
I don't know what I'm supposed to do , when she feels bad i do too , So i just let her be , And she says oooh , I can't take no more , Her tears like diamonds on the floor , And her diamonds bring me down , Cuz I can't help her now . 
Ooh eeh ooh aah aah ting tang walla walla bing bang , ooh eeh ooh aah aah ting tang walla walla bing bang !!! 
Gotsa blisters on his feet 
why do people have to be so cruel and mean ? Why can't they just keep their mouths shut ? Why don't they think before they shatter dreams ? 
Where did the blue skies go ? oh , why is it raining so cold , It's so cold . 
Playing my guitar !! 
Is sore and tired and definately doesn't want to work tonight !!! oh well ... 
she melted my heart with every word . 
has a messed up pinky and doesn't remember what scratched it up so bad ! 
ouch .... 
is tired and should go to bed 
bad bad day 
Is really glad he got to see < PROPFEMALE > . 
SHAMFAIL 
No more Shamfail cuz TJ said so .... 
idk 
But I don't know what I'm supposed to do , so i sit down and i cry too , But don't let her see 
But anyway you look at things , Looks like the lovers are losing 
I know , I'll never forget , The way I always felt with you beside me , And how you loved me then 
I can't win in life . Fuck life 
Just got back from a really long walk 
We're pulling apart and coming together again and again , We're growing apart but we pull it together , pull it together , together again , Don't let me go 
Cause all that I can say is that it's obvious , it's obvious you're all I see 
Sometimes you can't make it on your own 
blurgh 
Boating today ! But my eye hurts and i am really tired .... 
after loving you , I can never be the same 
............. F#*$ 
If I could make these moments endless , If I could stop the winds of change , If we just keep our eyes wide open , Then everything would stay the same 
Cause even when I dream of you , The sweetest dream will never do , Id still miss you baby , And I dont want to miss a thing 
I found God and the corner of first and Amistad ... 
You gotta let me inside even though it hurts , Don't hide the broken parts that I need to see 
Through the storm we reach the shore , You give it all but I want more , And Im waiting for you , With or without you , I can't live , With or without you 
eating ice cream and wanting to see someone very very special to me so bad that i don't want my ice cream anymore .... 
fun game tonight 
Say goodbye , As we dance with the Devil tonight , Don't you dare look at him in the eye , As we dance with the Devil tonight 
Hope dangles on a string , Like slow spinning redemption .... 
Everybody wants to be understood , Well I can hear you , Everybody wants to be loved , Don't give up , Because you are loved 
tired and sore ...... 
is praying and praying and praying . 
oooh ouch tendon hurt ! 
I don't shine if you don't shine 
When she feels bad then i do too . 
:D 
:( 
They call her love , love , love , love , love . 
Its late ! 
I hate waking up 
So i put on a smile to hide the pain 
What you feel is what you are , And what you are is beautiful , Oh May , Do you wanna get married , or run away ? 
So baby don’t worry , you are my only , You won’t be lonely , even if the sky is falling down 
I'm tired ! 
our lives are made in these small hours , these little wonders , these twists & turns of fate . 
woot 
ho hum ... 
something is very wrong ... I haven't had to do homework for two nights in a row .... 
Ugh me no want to worko 
I'll never let your head hit the bed , Without my hand behind it 
Had a great time last night ! 
that really makes me feel good . 
Is really tired of being < PROPMALE > up on . 
feels like shit again 
Homework sucks !!!!!!!! 
Thought i was ready for that AP Chem quiz ....... right when i started taking it I knew i was very very wrong . 
Best Homecoming ever . 
Feels like an asshole ... probably is one . 
strep throat .... 
I got a feeling , and its not a good one . 
FML 
Not only strep throat but i got this wierd disgusting cottage cheese ooze in my mouth !!! WTF ?? 
FML ! 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little unwell , I know , right now you can't tell , But stay awhile and maybe then you'll see , A different side of me , I'm not crazy , I'm just a little impaired , I know right now you don't care , But soon enough you're gonna think of me , And how I used to be ... 
Boring day of sitting around not being able to see < PROPFEMALE > .... :( 
Doing The ole Homeworko ... stack of papers five feet high for missing a week of school . 
holy cow 4 hours of HW yesterday , 4 hours done so far today , And I don't think i'm halfway done . >_< 
There's nothing better than seeing tears of joy when you give someone a birthday present . Happy Birthday Sweetie . 
Mono suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks ... So tired today . 
I'm lonely ..... 
Yay i have an enlarged spleen and liver woot ..... 
Has fireflies stuck in my head ... 
don't wanna go to school . 
Our lives are made in these small hours , these little moments , these twists and turns of fate 
is pretty much perfect ! 
I've been spending all my time just thinking ' bout you . 
UGH Don't ever ever ever take AP Chem ..... 
You're the meaning in my life , You're the inspiration , You bring feeling to my life , You're the inspiration ... 
You don't have to put up a fight , You don't have to always be right , Let me take some of the punches , For you tonight 
I love christmas cookies ! 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I love Christmas ! 
The Avatar movie is amazing ! 
I never cease to amaze myself on how stupid i can be . 
New years party !! 
Wow . Why would you pass on the game deciding play when you're running game is one of the best in the nation ??? 
Come on Pack get my mood up ! 
Yea I'm that pissed off 
My elbows hurt ! How can you injure your elbows so frequently ??? 
I'm holding onto you , I'll never let go , I need you with me as I enter the shadows 
You gave my life direction , a game show love connection , We can't deny ... 
I better not be relapsing ! But thats exactly how Im feeling ..... :'( 
Had mono relapse and now i gotta get an ultrasound monday ! YAY ! not ... 
Wasting away , Its part of my instinct , I’ll run away , And everything I hate , Take this away , And help me escape , Take this away 
I hate decisions ... 
It doesn't matter what I say because everything is a lie to you anyway . 
I’m breaking ; I can’t do this on my own , Can you hear me screaming out , am I all alone ? 
Ok when will I start to feel better ?!?!? 
Restless hearts , sleep alone tonight , Sending all my love along the wire ... 
And He will raise you up on eagle's wings 
I guess you never know what you need until its gone . 
Two strangers learn to fall in love again , I get the joy of rediscovering you . 
I think I'll go to Boston , Think I'll start a new life , I think I'll start it over , Where no one knows my name ... 
Cause it feels like the end , A wound that I can't mend 
Hummmmmm 
I'm using me new laptop !! 
the broken clock is a comfort , it helps me sleep tonight , maybe i can stop tomorrow from stealing all my time 
I'm a monster 
It's been a while , Since I could say I love myself as well 
Don't fall away , and leave me to myself , Don't fall away and leave love bleeding in my hands . 
I think I just broke my phone 
What am I doing ? 
Remember when it rained ? I felt the ground and looked up high and called your name ... 
I am so tired I can't see how ppl stay up past 10 
Remember when it rained ? I felt the ground and looked up high and called your name ... 
Listening to music , maybe it will help 
My hands are tied , My body bruised , she's got me with , Nothing to win and nothing left to lose , With or without you , I can't live , With or without you ... 
Cuz everything inside , it never comes out right , and when I see you cry it makes me wanna die . 
She laid her heart and soul right in your hands , And you stole her every dream and you crushed her plans , She never even knew she had a choice , And that's what happens when the only voice she hears is telling her she can't , Stupid boy 
So I got 150 Jamaican dollars ! It's worth about a < PROPMALE > fifty ... 
this sucks .... 
The truth is all I ask for . 
Too tired , this isn't good my heads hurting ! Maybe it's something else .... 
God goesn't forgive sins , he waits for the perfect oppurtunity to punish you for them . 
the search begins anew with another broken heart . 
Track meet went ok yesterday . Congrats girls !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a big meany head ! 
too much on my mind ... 
I can feel you falling away , No longer the lost , No longer the same , And I can see you starting to break , I'll keep you alive , If you show me the way 
cheap rollerskates with no insoles = two very big blisters on heel from nails and screws in said cheap rollerskates ....... :'( 
I DON'T WANNA DO NOTECARDS !!!!!!! WHO DOES NOTECARDS AFTER YOU DO YOUR OUTLINE ??????? 
Worst easter ever . 
Is not looking forward to school tomorrow 
Boo thunderstorms 
Dont wanna go to school tomorrow . 
KMO tomorrow !!!!! 
Not looking forward for those AP exams next month ... 
I can be your hero baby , I can kiss away the pain , I will stand by you forever , You can take my breath away ... 
still can't believe TJ won the 100 meters ....... WTF ?? 
Tired and don't wanna do homework .... 
I will never let you fall , I'll stand up with you forever , I'll be there for you through it all , Even if saving you sends me to Heaven 
is sad and confused . 
ooh man ! am I tired !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is ubercute . yes , i said uber . 
Last orchestra concert ... Unless i break down and join next year anyway . 
Less than stellar today for track but we still got the conference meet which WILL go better . 
Is astounded . 
kinda tired ... 
Blisters hurt alot !! 
I now have sticky marks on the paint and windshield of my car ...... Screw you !!!! 
Has with or without you by u2 stuck in my head . 
Im surrounded by drunk people ! 
Wooh ! Fun wedding and fun night dancing ! Sorting out my thoughts now . 
see the stone set in your eyes , see the thorn twist in your side , I wait for you , Sleight of hand and twist of fate , On a bed of nails she makes me wait , and I wait without you , with or without you . 
is on a Really big plane ! About nine seats across ! Not double decker though ... :( missing you ! <3 
ist sehr gut ! 
Ok everything I thought I knew about germany is wrong ! They don't call Dachshunds , Dachshunds , they call them Deckels or something to the sort . They also think accents are funny and will make fun of you until you are crying in your room . They also dont tip at restaurants ! and cars will drive randomly on sidewalks .... AH ! 
Dresden is completly opposite of giessen ! It was on east Germany so that might explain it . 
Vee dub factory today ! I also want to live in Germany now ! 
Sometimes I can really disappoint myself . 
Is there a better bet than love ? What you are is what you breathe , You gotta cry before you sing , Chances , chances .... 
This was over before , before it ever began , your lips , your lies , your lust , Like the Devil's in your hands ... 
AH !! Last couple of days in Germany !! No ! 
Ugh , last night was so dumb ... 
we live and we learn . 
You are the sun , you are the only one , you are so cool , you are so rock and roll , be my , be my , be my little rock and roll < PROPFEMALE > ! 
forever , forever , forever , forever and ever , forever young . ( This is for you < PROPMALE > Waters ) 
My body is back in the states but my heart and mind are still in deutschland . 
Lass mich nie mehr los ... 
Our lives are made , in these small hours , these little moments , these twist and turns of fate ... I miss Germany . 
I better find your loving , I better find your heart , I bet if I give all my loving , then nothings gonna tear us apart ... ( Drake song stuck in my head ) 
Because Time destroys everything in it's path and Distance needs Time for you to overcome it and can rip your heart in two . 
Bleh work .... 
Long day's work and now I got fußball practice ! 
because days come and go , but my feelings for you are forever ... 
Where'd you go , I miss you so , seems like its been forever , that you've been gone , please come back home ... 
Woah , Brazil lost ...... crazy , Germany is going to win I hope ! 
IS ANYONE ELSE WATCHING THE URUGUAY AND GHANA GAME ???? 
I almost slept through the Germany game ! AH ! 
I think Germany is going to win the World Cup cuz I visited there and bought a team jersey ! 
Any predictions on the Spain vs . Paraguay game ? 
Once again a perfectly good goal is wasted by a terrible offsides call ... 
I love zombieland ! 
Fourth of July ! Woot ! 
just had one of the best Fourth of July's ever !! Its always more fun when a firework explodes ten feet away from you when it's supposed to be 50 feet in the air ! 
i don't think I'll ever ride on a moped . :/ 
is sad that some great people can live so far away . 
is contemplating about getting a foreign kid ... 
my predictions for todays game , Whoever wins will destroy the Netherlands in the final , < PROPFIRST > Villa is going to get a kick in the face by Philipp Lahm , Klose is going to tie Ronaldo's record for World Cup goals , but ..... GERMANY WILL WIN !!! 
Its official we are getting a deutscher . 
My < PROPMALE>'s name is Lukas !! 
I walk this empty street , on the boulevard of broken dreams 
I'm looking to the sky to save me , looking for a sign a life , Looking for something to help me burn out bright .... 
Well , it wasn't the butt woopin I was hoping for but it will do . Great World Cup Deutschland ! 
Netflix : the best source for extremly old cartoon shows . 
Its too late so i better not try . 
God , why do people have to kill each other for no good reason at all ? Anyone else see what happened in Uganda ? 
and she said I , I just love you , don't know why , I just do ... 
Just got my AP scores back ! I got a 5 in AP History and a 4 in AP Chemistry !! 
And here we go ... 
Traveling alone is semi exciting ! 
Wow , fun night ! 
well since I have nothing to do tonight , I guess I will netflix all night !!! 
Boat , boat , boat , boat , boat , boat , boat ! 
can you read my mind ? 
Gentlemen I am at war ... with a hornets nest ! 
This summer is flying by and I wish I could fly with it ! 
I close my eyes and I dream of her , She's lost in my arms , Her head on my heart , And softly she whispers the words ... I'm in a five for fighting mood . 
I'll be you're crying shoulder , I'll be love's suicide , And I'll be better when I'm older , I'll be the greatest fan of your life . 
Chinese food for dinner at a soccer camp ? Maybe not such a good idea ! 
Im hoping that shes hoping and im praying that shes praying . 
Cause its you and me , and all of the people , and i dont know why i cant keep my eyes off of you . 
Had fun at soccer camp but I am very glad to be home ! 
Sore .... 
Live like you mean it , love til you feel it . 
Mir ist langweilig ! 
Goo Goo Doll music marathon ? 
I am definately the only sober person at my house . 
working again ! 
I really wish I wouldn't always think of stupid thoughts all the time ... 
Ok , anybody posts a song thats good on my status cuz I'm bored and have no clue what music to listen to . 
I just made a batch of chocolate chip cookie dough with some help from Nicko .... Best idea ever ! 
I am hurting really bad right now ! 
All of the things that I want to say just aren't coming out right , I'm tripping on words You've got my head spinning , I don't know where to go from here 
Oh , it's sooooo close yet soooo far .... 
Tuesday ..... lets see , all I got left is wednesday and thursday ! 
My hands are tied , my body bruised , She's got me with , nothing to win , and nothing left to lose ... 
Sorrow will last for the night , but hope is rising with the sun , when everything falls apart you're the only hope for this heart 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , My head's in the sky , 
I just got a Kazak clubbing shirt . 
Inception !!! 
I can love you like that , I would make you my world , Move heaven and earth , if you were my girl , I will give you my heart , be all that you need , Show you you're everything that's precious to me , If you give me a < PROPMALE > , 
Had such a great dream 
I can't keep up , and I can't back down I've been losing so much time .... 
If you want more love why don't you say so ? 
God only knows how much I'd love you if you let me , but I can't break through at all . 
I might have considered watching < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud cuz it's a brother movie but .... Zac Efron is in it so I am never watching it . 
If it's love , And we decide that it's forever , No one else can do it better , 
And I'm all in , nothing left to hide , I'm falling harder than a landslide , I spend a week away from you last night 
It wasn't my blessing to have . 
God bless us everyone , We're a broken people living under loaded gun 
Staying up till four playing the first Starcraft with your bro and a friend ? Priceless . 
Nightstorm was freaking amazing . 
You take the pieces of the dreams that you have , Cause you don't like the way they seem to be going , You cut them up and spread them out on the floor , You're full of hope as you begin rearranging . 
I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away . 
I'm not in it to win it , I'm in it for you . 
Soccer + no toe nail = Painful disaster 
I make a mean frozen pizza . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > kick ass on Starcraft 2 . 
I need to find something that will help me through this next school year cuz I already have senioritis . 
Who has my Fifa 10 ? I want it back . 
So you stole my world , Now I'm just a phony , Remembering the girl , Leaves me down and lonely 
You have to be 18 to use the high school wieght room , seriously ? How many high schoolers are 18 ? 
Girls don't dish what you can't take . 
And we're caught up in the crossfire , A heaven and hell , And were searching for shelter , Lay your body down ... next to mine . 
game two ... 
Stupid rain canceling our soccer game ! 
Lake Mills Boys Soccer Team : We're better than you . 
Why does my knee hurt ? 
Just let me hold you while you're falling apart , just let me hold you and we'll both fall down , fall on me tell me everything you want me to be , forever with you , forever in me , ever the same 
I just cleaned my room , first time in five years .... wow ! 
I feel like there is something I missed 
So I sat for a little over four hours do nothing and getting paid for it . 
We have officially started a Scooter gang in Lake Mills . 
just cleaned my car and found < PROPFIRST > Wethall ' s birdseed everywhere in the back of my car ! 
I am sick of college application websites . 
Fun day , but I'm a little burnt ..... :/ 
SAILING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love having two screens for my laptop ! 
Sailing : It's all fun and games until someone brakes the rudder and you almost get stabbed by the wooden splinters , then you have to walk from Bartle's to < PROPFIRST > in bare feet carrying a wooden plank , so your two toes start to bleed . Oh , and when Lukas Jansen hits his butt on a piece of metal . 
Do you know what it feels like , loving someone , thats in a rush to throw you away , Do you know what it feels like , to be the last one , to know the lock on the door has changed ? 
I can't stop smiling ! 
I've got the magic in me . 
Huge game tomorrow ! If anyone can come please do ! 
And when I see you then I know it will be next to me , And when I need you then I know you will be there with me , I'll never leave you , Just need to get , Closer , closer , < PROPFEMALE > on me now , < PROPFEMALE > on me now 
So , I didn't even have to apply to become a < PROPMALE > Rotarian ! 
One of the greatest nights ever ! 
So excited I couldn't even sleep . :) 
So much fun last night ! Makes me miss summer ! 
Oh my goodness ! Five hours of college applicating ! ( and I don't care if its not a word ) 
What day is it , and in what month , this clock never seemed so alive 
Practicing for something special . 
I wanna sing . 
My words might not be magic , But they cut straight to the truth . \ 
So if you need a lover and a friend , Baby , I'm in 
ok , fall sports really piss me off . 
Sometimes I just really don't want to know . 
And here we go ! 
I left my heart behind . 
Long day so far . 
Not even close to the day I wanted to have . 
Hold on before it's too late , We'll run til we leave this behind , Don't fall just be who you are , It's all that we need in our lives 
Why is passion pit so catchy ????? 
Goo Goo Dolls music marathon , I'm feeling it ! 
Oh , I need you there , when the nightmares and dreams have come true 
I don't speak those words lightly . 
What happened to Linkin Park ? They seem to have lost their touch and I am very sad . 
got a 47 out of 50 for the first Calculus test of the year ! :D 
You can never say never 
If perfect's what your searching for then just stay the same . 
And I don't want the world to see me , Because I don't think that they'd understand , When everything's made to be broken , I just want you to know who I am 
There's something magical about new guitar strings . 
She is love , and she is all I need 
Those eyes are all it takes , And all I want is you 
Well you had me from hello , I felt love start to grow , The moment I looked into your eyes , 
GO PACK GO ! 
17 penalties ??? REALLY ???? 
It was an alright senior night . 
Yea , I would trade it all and I would give it all away for one thing . 
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be 
Just finished letting his creative juices flow for close to three hours ! 
Why won't you answer me ? The silence is slowly killing me . 
sometimes it's nice to just sit and listen to music . 
To me you are a priceless piece of porcelain , You aren’t flawed in any way , You shine in a surreal splendor , I feel that one fateful day , I will drop you and you will shatter 
and the shattering starts . 
Iridescent by Linkin Park , if you haven't heard it listen to it now . 
Remember you're loved , and you always will be , this < PROPFEMALE > will always bring you right back home . 
I just realized a year from now I have no clue where I will be . 
Last Lake Mills Homecoming !! :O I am so sad . 
Don't want to reach for me do you ? I mean nothing to you , the little things give you away . 
It was good to have some quality family time today ! 
I keep on ducking , keep on ducking , and nothing helps , I can't stop missing you 
Microsoft Word doesn't know that sheening is a word . 
Terrible dream last night , but I should have seen it coming . 
Comin ' down the world turned over , And angels fall without you there , And I go on as you get colder , \ 
Or are you someone's prayer 
Who doesn't love U2 ? 
And I don't know what I'm supposed to do , So I sit down and I cry too , but don't let her see ... ( Rob < PROPFIRST > ) 
' Cause I've been trying way too long , To try and be the perfect song , When our hearts are heavy burdens , We shouldn't have to bear alone . 
My brush with an angel is over 
I don't want to go to bed cuz then I will know that I'm not in a dream but that this is reality . 
You're looking for a spark , but what you fail to see is that everyone is different , and if you were really looking for a spark in me , I know that you would see , a bright glow that is waiting to burst out like nothing you've ever seen before , If you would have given me a < PROPMALE > , maybe you would find the romance of a lifetime , I guess what is good is gone and what's great leaves you during the best of times . 
Take what you want from me , It means nothing now , take everything < PROPFEMALE > , It means nothing now , Not so eays to forgive , harder to forget , take what you want . 
So goodnight < PROPFEMALE > , And goodnight you , when you're all that I think about . 
I can't hold back whats deep in my soul 
Mountain Biking time !!!! SOOOOOO EXCITED !!!! 
A couple of bloody knuckles , one bleedin ' pinky , and ten thousand burrs on my shorts later I survived ! 
I am the opposite of whack , opposite of weak , opposite of slack , synonym of heat 
But if you could hide beside me , Maybe for a while , And I won't tell no one your name 
I just had a revelation and now everything makes sense . 
My life is brilliant , my love is pure , I saw an angel , of that I'm sure , 
It's day one in my mind , that's the first step each time , the heart is hard to find , 
Tell me , did you fall for a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ? One without a permanent scar , And then you missed me , While you were looking for yourself out there ? 
Just a shout out to all the Lake Mills Soccer Players , I loved this season boys , I'm so proud to be a part of this team . 
Kinda pissed that the football team gets into the playoffs and everyone goes nuts , when the soccer team WINS REGIONALS , and wait thats probably news to everyone isn't it ? 
When you're feeling love's unfair , You just ask the lonely , When you're lost in deep despair , You just ask the lonely 
Interview for Harvard at 5 ! :D 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little unwell , I know , right now you can't tell , But stay awhile and maybe then you'll see , A different side of me 
PACK WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I bet if I give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart . 
Little town , it's a quiet village , Everyday , like the one before , IS STUCK IN MY HEAD ! 
If I lay here , if I just lay here , Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
I get a little down on myself , but when you came around , The world felt new , I opened up my eyes to the light , And I saw deep inside of a love that was true 
I have a tingling sensation all over my body ..... it's Halloween time .... 
I'm tripping on words , you got my head spinning , I don't know where to go from here 
Research paper ..... DONE ! 
I’ll < PROPFEMALE > t this broken heart , I’ll fix it up so it will work again , better than before , then I’ll < PROPFEMALE > in a mystery , a tragic tale of all that’s yet to come , fingers crossed there will be love ... 
So just take me as I am and push me , put me in my place , Cause if I just pretend I'll feel like everything's ok , And when I fall , I'll fall hard 
It's just there's something that I've been dying to let you know 
How can the only thing thats killing me make me feel so alive ? 
Sometimes I wish I could change just a couple things about me . 
AND ..... I like blackberries .... 
Sometimes I get frustrated , \ 
Is life really so fated ? \ 
I can't say what I want to say , \ 
I can't let this < PROPMALE > slip away 
What a boring friday night . 
Just take me away 
PINK SUNSET ! 
Packers are destroying ! 
LOOOOONG DAY ! And I got another one tomorrow . 
I don’t mind spending everyday , Out on your corner in the pouring rain 
My senior exhibition will be epic . 
And I , I never thought I'd leave behind , my childhood dreams but I don't mind 
It's funny Mr. Vogel says were going to start a dream unit and tells us to write down our dreams and I have two different dreams in one night ! Wow ! 
Well today was an exciting day ! I love the musical ! I will miss it when it's over ! 
I am so bummed . The musical is like the perfect group of people ever ! I will miss you all ! 
But all the promises we make , from the cradle to the grave , when all I want is you . 
I just received a letter saying YES ! from UW < PROPFEMALE > . 
Don't blink . 
Can you hear me when I sing ? You're the reason I sing , 
Toy Story 3 , the first movie for as long as I can remember that made me legitimately cry . 
Put your arms around me , What you feel is what you are , And what you are is beautiful 
Ah the joy of packing for a trip you don't really want to go on . 
I am back ! 
Wind me up , put me down , start me off and watch me go 
Cause when words meet heartbeats , Baby C'mon , You know it's not even fair , And I'm first round , knocked down baby the floor , You know I'm already there 
I've had enough , Of this parade , I'm thinking of , The words to say 
For the love you bring won't mean a thing unless you sing . 
Well there goes the world and were right in the middle 
And if you have a minute why don't we go , talk about it somewhere only we know ... 
???? 
Man we were killin ' time , We were young and restless , We needed to unwind 
< PROPFIRST > ? 
I wish I had a beard for my solo tonight ! 
success !! 
I should've spoken up , I should've proudly claimed , That oh my head's to blame , For all my heart's mistakes 
Just do your best , do everything you can , And don't you worry what the bitter hearts are gonna say , 
As I rearrange the songs again , This mix could burn a hole in anyone , But it was you I was thinking of 
I never need to see the sun again , there's enough light in your eyes to light up all the world . 
I tried to be chill but you're so hot that I melted . 
EDITING !!!! 
Come on , come on , Don't leave me like this , I thought I had you figured out , Something's gone terribly wrong . 
My senior exhibition is finally done ! 
I can finally relax a bit . 
But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise 
Likes having the broskies home ! 
2 days until I'm legal ! 
I want to be able to like someone's like . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! I am finally legal . :) 
I think about you all the time , but I don't need the same 
At the top you'll , you'll always be , Looking down , Oh to find yourself . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Jolly Christmas !! 
I love everyone who loves the packers ! 
third day in a row I've slept in to ten , for me that is a new record ! 
I am no solution to this sound of dispollution in me , \ 
And I was not the answer so forget if you ever thought it was me 
I think I just heard the most depressing song through Pandora .... 
now i tried to be quiet , but this heart is on fire , and I want you to be here . 
frustration overload ! 
And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me ? 
Fuck me right ? 
Pack I need an emotional uplifting again ! 
Gosh , I love da Packers . 
what a waste of time the thought crossed my mind but I never missed a beat 
I better not be getting sick . 
Even the best fall down sometimes , Even the wrong words seem to rhyme 
If you gots the poison I've gots the remedy . 
Well I wanted something better man , I wished for something new , And I wanted something beautiful , And wish for something true , 
Is it everything you thought it would be ? 
NFC Championship today , whoever wins this will be going to the superbowl , I guarantee it ! 
The score board really doesn't show how much ass the pack is actually kicking . 
I don't wanna turn around if you'll just walk away . 
Everybody is freaking out over exams and I haven't studied one bit and I'll be fine . 
5 mile run here we go !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Kuhn Jersey ? Please ? 
Sometimes I wish i wasn't such a procrastinator but thats only after I procrastinated . :P 
My fortune cookie told me to enhance my feminine side . :\\ Not sure how I'm supposed to do that ! 
Hope dangles on a string like slow spinning redemption 
I want to run but there's nowhere to run to 
Packers just made my day ! 
I just liked about twenty different statuses about the pack . 
I'm kinda tired of ole Lake Mills .... 
You call me a stranger , You say I'm a danger , But all these thoughts are leaving you tonight 
:O I got a 100% on the physics exam ..... 
Ugh I feel sickly . Running bad idea but I think I'm gonna do it anyway . 
Kill the party with me and never go home ! 
What a great day of skiing ! 
If we don't have a snow day Tuesday and/or Wednesday I will hurt someone . 
If my velocity starts to make you sweat then just don't let go 
Half of my heart's got a grip on the situation 
Geeeenau ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > is breaking , A light shining through , You're barely waking , and I'm tangled up in you , yeah 
bleh , last time I'm staying up past 12 for a long time . 
Thats right . Packers can beat the world without their best players . 
Do you remember me like I remember you ? 
It's worth it to get a sweet burn deep in your thigh 
I fricken love < PROPMALE > chocolate . 
Wisconsin sports rock . 
lazy weekend = good weekend 
Another door has been opened , and now a decision must be made . 
Another day , another doughnut . 
My dear , we're slow dancing in a burning room . 
I love the ignorance of many americans . 
Burning like a fire on the water 
lock eyes from across the room , drain my drink as the rhythms boom , 
Take all the courage you have left , wasted on fixing all the problems , that you made in your own head . 
Snowboarding is definitely not for me , skiing is so much better . 
no school , no school , no school , come on , no school ! 
who says you can't run in this weather ? 
Some people run so much that they get addicted to that fiery burn that's in your thighs and calves after an excruciating 5 mile run , I sadly am not one of those people . 
The heart is a bloom , shoots up through the stony ground , there's no room , no space to rent in this town . 
So , < PROPFIRST > Larrabee ? A drunk playboy ne'erdowell ? This should be fun ! 
I need twenty people to like my status so that < PROPFEMALE > Primmer will change her name to Kap ! 
Life is truly a road , it can be a highway , it can be a < PROPMALE > trail , and it can be a muddy path , it goes up , it goes down , and as soon as you think you might reach a point where you’re heart can flourish , the road drops suddenly and leaves you with another < PROPMALE > climb up . 
I won't be the one , be the one to leave this in pieces , and you , you will be alone , alone with all your secrets and regrets , don't lie . 
Singing my butt off tomorrow so that means early Friday night ! 
4 out of 5 events going to state !!! 
It's times like these time and time again . 
I feel like there's nothing happening these next few weeks ... 
I love cliche phone calls about the weather a 1000 < PROPMALE > away from here at 9 o'clock at night .... 
I'm sorry for previous incorrect information , 5 out of 5 events from Solo/Ensemble are going to State !!! 
Question that's been on my mind for forever , < PROPFEMALE > West Point or Harvard ??? :( 
Ich bin ein echter Gangster , Ich habe ein fünf in Mathe ! 
Oh oh I want some more , Oh oh what are you waiting for , Take a bite of my heart tonight 
Stranger than your sympathy , Take these things , so I don't feel , I'm killing myself from the inside out , And now my head's been filled with doubt 
I fill the < PROPFEMALE > with my beliefs , It's all I have to keep , Tear it up and start again . 
I wish Americans celebrated Karneval ... 
I will be your guardian , when all is crumbling , to steady your hand 
Track , tomorrow , oh yeah .... 
Promise you kid , I'll give more than I get 
Is it bad my < PROPMALE > teacher gave me a lanyard that has DDR on it ??? Is this a sign ? 
Maybe doing the track workout after giving double red blood cells was a bad idea .... 
Learning guitar chords for sympathy success !! 
Epic night . 
Tonight was the complete opposite of last night , what a waste . 
Wake me up in a month or better yet don't . 
Cause she's so high , high above me , shes so lovely 
Who do you think you are ? 
Sheisse , I have blisters on my feet . This has not been a good couple of days !!! 
I hope I don't get another nightmare about my phone attacking me ... 
I think I'm fallin ' asleep , But then all that it means is , I'll always be dreaming of you . \ 
Fate fell short this time , Your smile fades in the summer , Place your hand in mine , I’ll leave when I wanna 
My foot hurts . 
I promise to sing to you when all the music dies . 
blah bed at 1 a.m. + starbucks 7 a.m. = 1 tired grumpy < PROPMALE > . 
Shipscholars ... 
It's nice when you look at your scholarship folder and the papers in it are starting to go down ! 
Soooooo tired ...... 
And though time goes by I will always be in a club with you in 1973 , singing here we go again . 
If I can make it there , I'd make it anywhere , come on come through New York , Neeeeeeww Yoooooooooooooooork ! 
Oh what fun it's not to ride on a bus for 16+ hours . 
Suffering PTD right now , school will be terrible all week . 
I can not wait until I can grow a majestic beard . 
Lets go all the way tonight no regrets just f*&k ! 
Still nothing from harvard .... yet 
Aw dang , not accepted . 
And baby don't follow their lead , cuz you'll never know just how the story ends , or how the story goes 
Hamstrings are the worst invention in the world all they do is hurt . 
fun , Fun , FUN , FUUUUN !!!! 
I just watched a HUGE musical in Janesville called THUNDER Into The Woods , AND it was LIGHTNING lacking in the second STORM half the show . :] 
And time keeps on rushing by ... 
Ugh sickness is lame ... 
I come from a land down under ! oh wait ... no .... no I don't . 
Busy weekend but it will be the last one for forever ! 
a 2:08 ain't bad for the last indoor meet . Gotta keep em droppin ! 
Ahh , decisions decisions decisions .... 
Just saw a Bdubs ad and it made me crave it ... 
There's a place off Ocean Avenue , where I used to sit and talk with you 
Why be in a sport if you're not going to give it your all ? 
< PROPMALE > Grohl = BAMF 
what a nice 5 miler ! 
I am officially a badger . 
Should I try out for the Wisconsin Singers ? 
I'm two quarters and a heart down , And I don't want to forget how your voice sounds , These words are all I have so I write them , I need them just to get by 
< PROPMALE > Mars's real name is < PROPFIRST > Hernandez ??!! 
Running blech 
Holy crap . bed . 
I am officially nominating Mega Shark vs . Crocosaurus as the best movie made in 2010 ! 
five weeks ? 
228 Cool < PROPMALE > . 
My . legs . hurt . 
Somehow I found , A way to get lost in you , Let me inside , Let me get close to you , Change your mind , I'll get lost , If you want me to 
Caught in the waves of hesitation , Lost in the sea of my own doubt endlessly , For you I'll always wait 
And the year is winding slowly down to a close 
