I would like to thank everyone for my birthday greetings . 

It's the 2nd of June and it's cold . 
I can't believe this . It's like the celtics just thought they were going to cruise through the game . 
I'm trying not to lose my mind . Minneapolis is just messed up . I don't know what is wrong with these kids today . My kids just lost another friend to nonsense . This is like the fifth or sixth friend in about as many months . I moved to the ' burbs to protect my children but I cannot protect them from this bull . Right now I just feel lost . 
The EVO is the best phone I've ever had .... so far 
I know I'm bored when the Bad Girl's Club is an interesting show . 
It's too freaking hot ... 
I am sooo bored . I'm ready to go back home now 
Chillin with day family before I go back to Minnesota . 
On my way home ... much luv to everyone and congrats again to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Home at last 18 hours round trip ... well something like that ... much obliged to the law officials that were too busy to give out tickets .. lol 
I'm sick and tired of being sick tired ... Mystikal was the sh ** . 
Hair Battle Spectacular ... I still don't get it . Can they please show something that actually look descent . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > drug kingpin in Oakland died in the 80's over 3000 attended his funeral ... Huey P . < PROPMALE > also died in the 80's not even 300 
attended his funeral ... it's bad when a community can praise and ultimately mourn a person that caused harm and ignore or belittle a person 
that tries to uplift their community . 
The one thing I dislike about getting older is that now I feel a couple of extra pounds ... lol 
Until I get my new phone I've changed my mind about the Sprint Eco . 
Evo .... damn phone corrects everything . 
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all about you , your mistakes and regrets and yet they still find the best in you . 
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting a bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . 
You have three choices in life , give up , give in , or give it your all . 
Sometimes you have to distance yourself to certain people not because you don't love them , it's because you have to move forward with your life . 
Sometimes we have to look back at ourselves and appreciate how our past shaped who we are as a person now . 
Sometimes , what holds you together and what tears you apart are the same things . 
I'm missing my kids like crazy right now . My heart is heavy but I'm happier than I've been in a while . 
I've had the good and the bad .. the good is ahead of me and the bad is behind me . Gotta keep stepping forward . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood , a beautiful day in the neighborhood , will you be mine , won't you be my neighbor . Hi neighbor . 
Goodbye St. < PROPFIRST > 
This is the first time I've drove from Minnesota to Missouri and back without encountering rain . God is good . 
Have you ever done something then wished like hell you didn't ? 
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . 
A turkey crossing the road is poultry in motion . 
Never be afraid to try , remember amateurs built the Ark . Professionals built the Titanic . 
Chillin wit my two boys whooping on them in Monopoly 
Here's to you and here's to me ; I hope we shall never disagree ; and if that shall ever be . To HELL to you and here's to ME ! 
Terrible snowstorm ; below zero weather ... guess i'm in for the weekend . 
I just realized that I have more enemies and frienemies than friends . Damn , is it me ? Naww it's just you , lhh . 
I belong to Bridegrooms Anonymous . Whenever I feel like getting married , they send over a lady in a housecoat and haircurlers to burn my toast for me . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > - 
In the book of life every < PROPFEMALE > has two sides : we human beings fill the one side with our plans , hopes and wishes ; Providence writes on the other side , and what it ordains is seldom our goal . 
I am so sleepy !!! Stayed up most of the night trying to put my nephew to sleep . I'm on my second cup of coffee and the only thing that it's done was give me a stomach ache . 
I luv my nephew I really do , but how can a one year old take over your bed . I am seriously being held to a corner of my bed . 
My legs are so sore ... I totally need a boo right now to help ease the pain . 
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same , then everything that happens in between can be dealt with . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - 
