Headin up to the mountain should be fun . 

Man , back to school tomorrow .. 
Back from rafting all weekend on the deschutes . 
Its gonna be a hot one next week . 
Goin swimmin cause its f ing hot !! Lol 
Goin to work out . 
Working a lot ... need a weekend to chill and have some fun ! 
Had fun playing on the lake doin extreme water sports ha 
Good day no work tomorrow ! 
Company picnic , ohio state usc game gotta love saturdays . 
Ahh its nice having one more week of summer left ! Lol 
Just lovin not being in school haha 
Doin work at the gym . 
Well off to bed one more weekend till school takes off . 
Gresham is offically boring now that everyone is off to college lol 
First day of college tomorrow ! 
Gotta love morning practices .. 
Got tixs to the UCLA OSU game on the 31st ! Pretty excited lol 
Almost wednesday can't wait for friday ! 
Class cancelled ! Man i like it when this happens lol 
No class tomorrow just practice . Excited for the weekend to come around lol 
Practice is gonna be hell cant wait for tonight !!! 
USC pulled out a win . 
Doin math homework lol 
No school tomorrow for me !! 
Practice .. cant wait for friday !!! 
Goin to scream at the beach with my girl . Hopes its not gay lol 
2 mid terms tomorrow one right after the other ! this blows . 
Workin bright and early tomorrow ! Carvin pumpkins with kels tonight :) 
Started working again and worked 12 hours yesterday kinda sucked . Waiting for practice and doin HW . 
Oregon sure sucked it up today there goes there < PROPMALE > at the BCS title . 
Lets go Cowboys ! 
Done with classes for fall term . Finals next week then some much needed time off . 
2 down 1 more final to go ! 
Freaking cold today at work it sucked ! 
Done with fall term no time to relax and enjoy some time off . 
< PROPFEMALE > making me breakfast in bed ... i got it made ! Lol 
Just got off work going to workout 
Work was gay but i hope the snow stays so i can get out of work tomorrow ! Lol 
School tomorrow already !? 
Wow i bought all used books and still ended up spending $450 and i got more to buy this is ridiculous ! 
Work tomorrow then have to start doin hw :( 
What a week it's been boy I can't wait for the weekend !! 
I can't wait to be done with school !! 
School sucks . 
Can't wait for this week to be in the books . 
One more final to go !!! 
Washed my car yesterday ... then it rained ... happens every time . 
One more term left ! 
Way to go Blazers .. Try to show up for all 4 quarters next game !! 
Can't wait till summer !! 
Last day as a teenager ! One more year to go baby haha 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday !! 
Got classes for fall term 
School is finally done with !! 
Will be in mexico for the next 10 days :) 
Back from Long Beach for the 4th . It was pretty cool seeing the fireworks across the whole beach with my girl :) 
Can't believe it's August already !! 
Feels good to pay off my truck . It's all mine now haha 
Going rafting today ! 
Back from rafting all weekend , had a lot of fun ! Can't wait to go again . 
Wild waves with kels :) 
Can't wait for college football to start ! Man , I'm excited :D 
Lets go BEAVS !!! 
Man , school starts tomorrow .. this sucks ! 
The weekend is finally here ! One week down and too many more to go .. 
There we go Beavers . 
What a weekend . 
Chemistry ... gay , enough said . 
Done with classes for the week ! Finally get a break . 
Went up to the mountain this morning , not the best conditions but still had fun ! 
2 more days ! 
Done with finals ! Time to relax and enjoy this rain .. 
Winter break has offically started ! :D 
Back to working a 40+ hour week . 
Hittin up the slopes . 
No classes on fridays this is sweet ! 
Let's go Ducks !! 
Good game , thought there would be more offense from both teams . 
No class till next wednesday , very pleased with my schedule . Haha 
Having a good time at Western with my girl , < PROPFEMALE > Dransfeldt :) 
What a night lol 
Done with finals for the term thank god ! 
< PROPMALE > lawyer is a must see , damn good movie . 
