is grateful to see another gorgeous sunrise ... It still amazes me how fast the sun rises when it first peeks over the horizon ... time flies so have fun !!! :) 

I kicked a ninja in line at the bank becuase I'm AWESOME !!! 
Do what experts since the < PROPFEMALE > of recorded history have told you you must do : pay the price by becoming the person you want to become . It's not nearly as difficult as living unsuccessfully . ~ Earl Nightingale 
Good friends make birthdays great ! That ... and a great steak at Outback :) 
I found a yellow puddle in my bathtub ... after trying to take the dog out 3 times ! Smart dog ... I'd pee in the bathtub too if it meant I didn't have to go outside ! 
Don't eat yellow snow ... 
Soooooo glad I am two tests away from being done with Pharmacology !!! Spring break is just around the corner :) 
Done with Pharmacology !!!! WhoHOO ! Spring Break here I come . 
Won State ! Now going to < PROPMALE > for Nationals in Forensic Medecine all expenses paid !!! What's even better is all my best buds won too ! :) 
Having a blast in < PROPMALE > ! 
Back to school after a very happy ending to a scary situation . I am so thankful that I live in a town where everyone comes together to help each other when a crisis strikes . Thank you to the hundreds of volunteers who searched for two days in 100+ degree weather . Grandmothers are priceless and so are good friends :) 
\This would be a fine world if all men showed as much < PROPFEMALE > all the time as they do while they're waiting for fish to bite . \"~ Vaughn < PROPMALE > " 
\If you don't take charge of shaping your own < PROPFEMALE > 
Tomorrow is Day 1 of Orientation at Bone and Joint Hosptial ... I'm so excited !!! 
Finished my last test today in Surgical Procedures ... WooHoo ! Now it's on to studying for certification . Everybody PRAY that I pass ! 
Took my national certification test yesterday , then went to the UCO Jazz Lab to celebrate . 
Just got my iPhone 4 ... so excited to finally catch up with the rest of the world !!! 
