is ready for BCT ! In a little while ...... 

saw an AR-15 Assault Rifle for $200 . Turned out it was the heat grip .... oh well , I'll get to use the really good stuff in 10 years ! 
might get a beach house ..... might 
?? ???? ???????? 
learned how to work an FGM-148 Javelin anti-tank missile . 
is mad ..... as usual 
middle school SUCKED . Hopefully high school will be better . 
Ich bin stolz , deutsch zu sein 
is working today 9 to 5 at Concord Imaging , my dad's buisness . 
Ich bin stolz , Deutsch su zein 
didn't get to blow up enough stuff this summer ....... I still have a few more weekends 
Pressure makes diamonds . - General < PROPFIRST > Patton 
wants an AR-15 
went to the lake sunday , my mom had the boat floored , it wasnt going fast at all . My dad opened the ood , and smoke was coming from the engine ! The rubber coating on the exhaust manifold started bubbling . My dad had to get the fire extinguisger . Any longer under incredible heat , the plastic fuel tubes could have melted leaking fuel and possibly causing an explosion ! I'm serious . 
The dam was awesome hiking with < PROPMALE > , found all sorts of car parts , almost enough to make a car . Almost got attacked by hostile ATVs . 
someday ...... 
November 5th , 2009 Remember 
I wonder if the cops will show up from all of the fireworks , a bonfire would be sweet , burn a bunch of stuff , then shoot more fireworks . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
Finally , I'm going to the beach . Haven't done fishing in a long time . Great way to start off the break by doing that and swimming in the nice water haha 
139 pounds of caught fish = full deep freeze . I caught the biggest fish I've ever caught . The fishing line almost came out of the pole . 
Good ! It should rain sometime this week , so that means fireworks for new years . It's about time . 
sucks at Modern Warfare 2 and is proud . 
Alright then . Gar . Don't know . Hmmm 
Go Brown ! ( The Republican ) 
What happened to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Needs a new profile picture . It's time I go shoot something again and get a good picture out of it . 
What should I do ? 
When can we have snow in San < PROPFIRST > ? 
This is getting old . 
Should I take initiative , or wait ? 
Wow , I really screwed up ..... 
Alright , I can do this . I'm goin ' for it . 
I thought I could 
Got my Driver's License today . 
wants to learn stick shift soon . Should be a challenge . 
< PROPFEMALE > will have to be the best choice . No failure this time . 
Shot a 5mm target from about 50 feet away . 
Great . 
Wow , great job captain screw up ! 
I am not done yet . Not giving up . 
\The thing always happens that you really believe in ; and the belief in a thing makes it happen . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wright " 
What did I do this time ? 
Poll : Which music is better ? Country or Rock 
Jesus is my Spark , The Holy Spirit is my Fuel , and God is my Fire . 
Havin ' alot of fun here ! 
I'm back ! 
Alright , what next ? Hopefully the best . 
I guess not . 
Decent for now . 
Good . Very Good . I'm gonna keep goin'! 
My knives are sharpened , my helmet is ready , my scope is zeroed in , my ammunition is full , and I am ready . 
Looks like I got another week . 
Good job democrats , now the United States of < PROPFEMALE>'s becoming the socialist republic of < PROPFEMALE > , let's just change the title of this nation to some commie title since that's obviously what the democratic house is aiming for . 
Great Day to be Outside . 
Another Great Day to be Outside . 
\This We'll Defend \"" 
Me and the Gents are heading off to the dam today . 
What can a man do once he puts his mind to it ? 
What were they thinking when they saw that stone rolled away ? 
59 days . 
Who here is tired of school and ready for Summer ? 
Weekends ... it's either you have a ton to do , or nothing to do . 
Another week . Here we go again ....... 
Weekend , time to do something ..... 
Tomorrow should be good ...... 
Ran a race today . I got 1st place in my age division . 
Who here goes to Community Bible Church ? 
A man's constant determination vanquishes his thoughts of defeat . 
LINE PIECE !!! 
< PROPMALE > > Spanish 
Good . 
Great weekend . 
We just bought a surfboard , going to the beach Memorial Day Weekend . 
This week has gone by very fast , I don't have a single problem with that . 
Weekend . 
All I see in the news feed are people either starting to date or breaking up , what's the deal ? 
Summer's gonna be good . I have a lot of things I need to do . 
I find it very interesting that we can count the number of days we have left of school on one hand . 
Went surfing ! Too bad the waves weren't very big .... 
New Dictionary definition for Sunburn : It hurts a bit , but the reason you got it is well worth it . 
One . 
It is here . 
is just getting started . 
is having a big family reunion this week . Yes that means at times , there will be about 30 people in my house . 
will be hiking in Hawaii in a few days . It will be different from last year's desert climate hiking . 
likes to go running in the mornings . 
Vacation to Hawaii : 8 mile hike through mud filled mountains and lush rain forests , Open door helicopter rides , tons of kayaking , snorkeling through reefs and fish , and surfing on the islands north side . It was quite a vacation for the Wiersigs . 
Surfing . 
Just because August is coming up doesn't mean that summer is over yet . 
is going hiking in the < PROPMALE > today ....... 
The law of 4\ 
Who is 67 ? 
Second week of school . Things are gonna get tougher ..... 
My house is now surrounded by a lake of water now . Good thing I live on a hill . 
We remember the 2,977 Americans who lost their lives nine years ago today . We honor those who have stepped forward when the towers fell . We honor those who have made the greatest sacrifices to protect our nation and its people . We remember and honor the families who lost their loved ones . We remember this day as it was such a tragedy , but a great eyeopener for all of us . 
We remember the 2,977 Americans who lost their lives nine years ago today . We honor those who have stepped forward when the towers fell . We honor those who have made the greatest sacrifices to protect our nation and its people . We remember and honor the families who lost their loved ones . We remember these things as we advance 
Rats . 
Weekend . Cool . And < PROPFEMALE > won . Hooah ! 
This afternoon should be fun , I gotta get past WHAP first ..... 
Good job < PROPFEMALE > Band ! Let's keep pushing ! 
Someone's gonna pull the fire alarm tomorrow , I just know it . Whether they're \Wolfpack\ " or not . " 
Sharpening knives and listening to music , I love weekends . 
We did our best , and it showed . Excellent season < PROPFEMALE > Band . 
Gig ' em Ags . 
We can all smell the week off . It is close . 
Gig ' em Ags . Let's keep going . 
Soon , or Later . 
Two Weeks ! 
Went trap shooting . It's a shotgun shooting sport . Similar to skeet shooting , except a little harder . 
Looks like duck hunting got cancelled . We're gonna try again next week . A bit of a shame , but I'm just glad I may get to go . 
HA ! It's official . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . We thank God for the true meaning of this day , and honor him for bring his son on this earth . 
Hunt was a success , and I hope to do it again . Now I need to clean two shot guns . And one has two barrels , so it's like cleaning three ! 
We Were Soldiers Once ... \ 
And Young 
Went hiking in the snow with < PROPFEMALE > this morning , trees , frozen ponds , deer tracks , fresh crisp air , couldn't ask for more . 
