almost got shit on literally ... damn my baby almost shit on me WTF ... lol it was an accident 

baby has to leave today wondering wtf ... 
sitting here with my fiance < PROPFEMALE > ... dont know what is planned .. 
bored sitting here waiting on my baby to wake up hope I dont have to leave today ... 
just got home from my babys house I hope I get to see her tomorrow again ... I miss you so much baby 
just got home from my babys house I hope I get to see her tomorrow again ... I miss you so much baby .. going to try and join the Airforce !!.. 
hope I get to see my baby today just got back from walking and everything ... sweaty and my legs hurt ... joining the airforce after I lose the weight .. 
my baby just left and I feel bad now :( I miss you already baby .. 
hope I get to see my baby tomorrow 
hope I get to see my baby tomorrow .. sitting here bored waiting on her to get off work .. 
get to see my baby today 
had to leave my babys house today .. hope I get to see her the weekend .. 
hope I get to see her the weekend 
baby just left :( feel bad now ... 
sitting here might be about to go to sleep I dont know ... missing my < PROPFEMALE > .. :( 
just got done exercising body doesnt hurt anymore .. damn I guess you wre right again baby ... I miss you 
hope I get to see her the weekend .. 
wish my < PROPFEMALE > was here with me .. 
sitting here hope I get to see her tomorrow 
waiting on my baby to get here .. 
wish my baby wouldnt have had to leave today ... 
wishing I was with her 
In tons of pain right now ... wish my baby was here 
I hate wednesdays ... 
feel kinda bad today .. yesterday was better ... hope I get to see her the weekend .. 
baby just left :( I miss her already ... valentines is our one year anniversary .. 
stomach is messed up and cant go to work today :( 
didnt want the weekend to end .. had a great time with my baby ... 
got a new phone text me or call me 9104746408 ... 
trying to find my baby a new ring ... she lost the last one 
Laying here with my baby .. Long night .. Fun though 
my birthday is tomorrow I turn 23 ... feel old 
23 today damn I feel old right now I just want to go back to sleep fun night last nigh ... http://chatter.com/a/b46ql?ref=nf 
went and seen twilight last night .. I liked it . < PROPFEMALE > didnt she almost jumped over me to get out when the screen went black and it was over .. it was her first time seeing a twilight movie 
seen twilight last night . I liked it . Jeanna(my wife ) didnt she jumped over me to get ... http://chatter.com/a/comxc?ref=nf 
sitting here at my babys house waiting on her to wake up ... bout to eat some ramen noo ... http://chatter.com/a/cv1dl?ref=nf 
Hate the fream I had last night ... wish my baby was here ... 
hate the dream I had last night ... wish my wife was here 
my baby just left wish she didnt have to ... hopefully get to see her tomorrow 
didnt want my baby to leave tonight ... I love her with all my heart ... I miss you baby .. 
sitting here bored as hell wish she was with me ... miss her ... got a job start monday .. http://chatter.com/a/fddqw?ref=nf 
my baby lives with me now ... my grandma had to be rushed to duke hospital ... hope she ... http://chatter.com/a/fjdp9?ref=nf 
with my baby http://chatter.com/a/fr2fb?ref=nf 
getting ready for work .. to early ... I love my wife 
about to go lay back down with my baby ... bored as hell ... had fun last night .. work t ... http://chatter.com/a/g4wet?ref=nf 
about to go wash and shave . then lay with her again ... dont want to work tomorrow ... http://chatter.com/a/gqf2v?ref=nf 
bored tryin to find some ringtones ... cant find shit .. 
Not really in a good mood today 
dont have a job anymore ... it ended yesterday .. 
need something to do today .. my wife is out of town gone to the mountains with her family http://chatter.com/a/j15he?ref=nf 
Had a great time with my baby the last couple nights never realized how much I actually love her ... she is my heart ... 
either going to < PROPFEMALE > today with my baby or to < PROPFEMALE > with my baby and seeing my best friend I havent seen in over a year ... 
bored as fuck waiting on my little sisters boyfriend to finish getting ready so we can ... http://chatter.com/a/k8tze?ref=nf 
bored as shit ... wife just laid down to sleep for a few hours ... going ot paly a game for a bit I guess ... 
just want everything to be ok .. and tomorrow to be over with .. really dont want to do shit right now .... just .. I dont know 
hopefully have a job at the cookout .. hopefully my baby will to ... 
feel sick as hell ... dont know why .. cold in here and I feel weird hope I can sleep ... 
fucking hate my life .... just want everything to be fine and no one be a fucking < PROPMALE > ... 
sitting here bored as hell 
FUCKING GODDAMN SHIT .... just want to beat the fuck out of something ... 
ok now ... step I'll message you in a bit 
I can't live without All I think about All I want is you You're all I dream about I can't live without All I want is you .. 
its 66.6 degrees outside LMAO ... 
Hate stupid little spoiled piece of shit brats ... 
getting my hair cut today Finally ... 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority & so much more , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell ... them life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will . 
about to go lay back down for a bit feel sick ... 
When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change Cause you're amazing Just the way you are ... 
just want to go home and lay with my baby 
Dont want my baby to go home tonight ... but shit happens I guess ... 
feel bad didnt want her to leave ... 
I love october all the horror movies come on . 
need to find a way to get 10 dollars ... hopefully my baby doesnt have to leave today .. 
hope my baby doesnt have to leave today . 
got my industrial pierced today ... didnt hurt that bad .. but now it does .. 
got my industrial done yesterday .. hurts like a BITCH today ... just wanna rip my ear off ... 
About to wash ... hopefully she can come back today .. if not then tomorrow ... 
I hate the new myspace ... 
I love stupid people lol they make me laugh .. 
I hate it when people think they know you and dont know shit ... 
Glee is the dumbest show I have ever seen .... its so stupid I see the preview and want to throw the remote at the TV .. I cant stand to be dirty either ... I have to wash everyday ... I am not a dirty person .... Also Its the quiet ones that will get you ... 
how is it that christians put down all other religions mainly wicca for believing in more then one god or goddess .. they claim everyone is only supposed to worship one god buts its kinda fuuny how they woship the father the son and holy ghost right ?... doesnt that mean they worship 3 themselves ?... 
bored ... 
My girls birthday is tomorrow .... trying to decide what to do 
Today is my babys birthday .. hopefully everything goes good 
Jeannas car is messed up and we cant go anywhere .... 
got jeannas car fixed today ... spent like 4 hours doing it ... bored now .. 
jeannas at work and I'm bored .. 
I brush my teeth Everyday .. I cant stand bad breath it disgusts me .... 
this weekend should be an interesting one ... lol .. wonder how it will turn out 
watching The Addams Family Values .. lol havent seen it in a while one of my favortie movies ... waiting on my baby to wake up so we can go fix her brakes . 
bored .. someone talk 
Anyone know anything about snakes ? I think my snakes nose is stopped or something ... 
finally got the snake to shit and start shedding some ... he still cant breathe that well though probably taking him to a vet tomorrow ... 
put the snake in the tub today for about 15 minutes again . he shed like I dont know what when I took him out .. got some antibiotics for him to just have to inject it into him and I dont have the needle to do that ... anyone know where I can get one ? syringe is what I need just a small one 
got syringes so we can gice the snake some meds . so hopefully everything works out 
got a new phone and wii number is 9103363751 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick she cant go to work ... really hope my mom doesnt have to ... got a new phone txt me or something 910-336-3751 
sick as hell ... got a little fever throwing up ... first it was braiden then < PROPFEMALE > now me < PROPFIRST > and my mama 
someone txt me or something 910-336-3751 
Bored as hell about to start cleaning up .. 
Cant sleep for shit and my jaw hurts .. It sux .. 
Probably going with < PROPFEMALE > today ... Long night ahead of me 
probably going to work with < PROPFEMALE > again today .. till 11 but she is off the next two days . :) 
Bored 
< PROPFEMALE > is having her puppies . 
< PROPFEMALE > just had to save a puppy and I have to bury 4 turns out she had 5 more since yesterday 
< PROPFEMALE > got called into work it sux . Tomorrow is our two year anniversary . Cant believe we have been together this long . hopefully we will be together formany more . 
Been with < PROPFEMALE > 2 years today .. Really doesnt feel like that long . 
< PROPFEMALE > finally got all her tickets said off !! No more worrying about that anymore 
< PROPFEMALE > finally got all her tickets paid off !! No more worrying about that anymore . 
Cant believe me and < PROPFEMALE > are moving out .. 
sitting at home bored guess im about to watch A clockwork orange 
