Lets put another great weekend on the records ! 

So ummmmm .... yeah .... Vancouver SWAT team out front of our house this morning .... don't worry tho .. they're not here for me , lol 
wooooooooo weeeeeeeekeeeeeeennnnddd !!!! 
I can't believe summer is almost over !!! Uggghhhhh 
Busy ass day - Race for the Cure , Doggie Palooza , hangin with the fam , a quick work out - now for some relaxation and maybe some Wii =) 
ughh .... sooo busy ... but in a good way I guess lol 
Finally settled into the new place ! 
Wow ... I'd think that if you were paid $90k - $225k per year , you'd at least be decent at your job . These referees for the Blazer game are terrible ! 
Off to JellyStone Park - Yes , I'll say Hi to Yogi Bear - No , I will not feed him a pic-a-nic basket !! 
I have a patriotic pinky toe ! It's red , white , and blue ( and black and it may be broken too lol ) 
Think I'm a little burned from hanging out at the lake and the pool ! Time to hit up some Buffalo Wild Wings ! 
Time to make things happen .... 
At last thursday ! WAAY better than expected ! 
On a motorcycle ride to seattle ! Excited !! 
Had the most random and spontaneous saturday night ! Time to make sunday happen 
welp ... i'm off to another adventurous night in Portland !! Hit me up if you wanna meet up ! 
had a bittersweet weekend ! Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end !! 
Who has friday nights off these days ? 
Is on an adventure with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Race for the cure ! In celebration of my mom 
This weather is ridiculous - ridiculously awesome ! ! 
The last month or so might possibly have been the best 30 days of my life . Thanks to all who have been a part of it !! Let's make the next 30 even better ! 
I beat < PROPMALE > brown at < PROPFEMALE > tee !! If I go missing , you know why ! 
I'm feelin ' so fly like a G6 
It feels like I'm never on here anymore . How do people find so much time for facebook ? 
Do you really believe , that what you believe , is really real ?? 
