Loves being the designated driver . It makes me feel like the coolest person ever because I don't drink . 

I finally decided to start using this . 
done with school for the day . Time to get some sleep . 
All of this fast food lately has made me skinnier . No joke . 
Is so far ahead in CAD that he can skip the class next week . Also BFC's make my day . 
Wow . The duals in my car are really loud . I only had it at 1/4 full volume and it was already shaking the doors . 
Is in a foul mood . 
Like I really needed to lose weight . I'm already skinny enough as it is . 
Is probably the only one in hendo who isn't going to the apple festival . 
\Evil Fractions and Barenaked Minus Signs\ " If only math books were that interesting . " 
People are stupid . 
is home . Needs to work on some circuitry math and physics . 
Staying up another hour or so 
Somehow managed to miss all his classes today . It's a good thing i'm done with all my work for my classes tomorrow and can leave early . 
Circuitry lab due tomorrow . Missed the last class so I didn't get to use the equipment . I guess i'll have to make some < PROPFIRST > up for it . 
It's a good thing to know that if one of your friends becomes a gay guy that you would be first on their list lol . 
has had a good weekend so far . 
Electric Sugar Pop 
internet is finally back on 
is really tired lately 
messed around with a rail gun today in circuitry . We pretty much fried two capacitors before we finally got it to work properly . 
done with classes for the day 
Has a ton of work to do and not enough time to do it . Math 1-3 so I have to wait to do it . 
Turn back those clocks . I'm going to enjoy the extra hour of sleep . 
I Love Norm ! He's just so random . 
Your mom said she wanted to go on a date with me cause she wanted that meat and grease . 
Sleep is good . 
Off work . Going to watch something on tv . Maybe I'll stop being lazy one of these days . 
is shovelling snack cakes into his mouth . 
I hate my laptop . It's being so slow . 
Yay for GameStop . Usually they screw me over but for once they did a good job . I recieved $132 in credit for my old games . 
It's a winter wonderland . I can't even get out of my driveway since I don't have 4 wheel drive . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > vegetables good for your eyes . Not that makeup you put all over them . 
going outside with just shorts and shoes on was not the brightest of ideas . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue that I am glad I have a lot of . 
I'm looking forward to next year and all the suprises it will bring . 
Monster and gummy worms . I really need to start eating more healthy things . 
So Early !!! I had to let my sister in the house so she didn't freeze to death . 
I could really use some pizza right now . I just ate but i'm still starving . 
Sorry to everyone I was talking to . My IM is just being really stupid right now . 
Me- \Let's go to Ingles\ " Kasey -\" Alright\ " 15 seconds later Kasey -\" That's my mom\ " Honestly that's how I met her mom . I love random encounters . " 
Same old same old . 
Is jammin ' to some old playlists that he found on his laptop . 
I could kill you with a cheeseburger if I wanted to . 
I am a retard . I wish I could have a cool paper saying just how retarted I am though . 
Um , I have a grocery bag . 
V-day was pretty awesome . I woke up before 8 too . 
Woohoo , shaved all the hair except the stuff on my head . 
Makes me really happy too dear . 
I just discovered pirate and it makes me smile a lot . Not as much as < PROPFIRST > though . 
Had a lot of fun on chatroulette today . I made a lot of people laugh . 
Um , yeah . Interesting day to say the least . 
I don't care who you are . If you're flying you're doing work . 
Just in a very bad mood right now . 
I really need to start excercising again . I've become so lazy lately . 
Sometimes I wish I had swag but then I remember that i'm white and it doesn't really matter . 
Well there's a first time for everything . 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!! That sounds about right . 
Woohoo . I have a banana . 
This lady kind of stoles me heart yarr . 
Pulls off being gay suprisingly well 
I like lollipops !!!!!!!!!!! 
Today I was in the < PROPMALE > and suddenly grew a beard and had a huge saw . I then knew that I must be a lumberjack and cut down all the trees ! 
I had a great time today playing games with miss < PROPFIRST > Messer 
I'm just on edge 
I can't ever seem to go to sleep before midnight anymore . 
The unexamined life is not worth living\ 
\ 
-Socrates 
Dinner followed by a nice run . I like how relaxing they are . 
Currently Listening to Love Like Woe by The Ready Set 
And I thought Saturdays where supposed to be great days . 
OMG Strawberries !!!!! My day just became a little brighter . 
I Caught Fire by The Used = My favorite song . Ever ! Also i've really noticed how much i've changed in the last two years and you know what ? I'm a much better person for it . 
On a positive note . I managed to work so much this week I went into overtime . Mucho Dinero lol 
Men are all fucking whores . 
Bad day but nobody wants to hear about that . At least I have Saturday off this week . Really looking forward to that . 
Loves obscure dreams that seem real . It is dissapointing when you wake and it isn't real though . Well I have tomorrow off if anyone wants to do anything on a fine Saturday . 
\Don't knock the weather . If it didn't change once in a while nine out of ten people couldn't start a conversation . \ " -Kin Hubbard " 
Wow , it's already Sunday ! That means I have to have an ice cream sundae some time today C : 
Feels like a car that needs maintenance . 
Dear Facebook , \ 
You astound me everytime I get on here . Please don't do another redesign anytime soon so I can at least find everything again . Thanks . 
I wish there were more hours in the day so when I end up sleeping 15 hours it isn't the whole day XD 
In a sullen mood . Work then who knows . Maybe i'll just stay up all night :/ 
Since when am I scary and intimidating ? That was honestly the last adjectives I would of used to describe myself . 
\Have faith in me . \ " I'm glad I can hold myself to this at least . " 
Fun fun day tomorrow . I get to wake up at seven in the morning to go to the dentist . Then in the afternoon I get to see my lovely doctor . 
I Never Told You by Colbie Caillat :: It's quite a change of pace from what I usually listen to but it sums stuff up just a little :/ 
Loves subway commercials for their sheer stupidity . 
Virgin and penetrated . Definitely great words to use in combination on PBS . 
So I have ice cream , cookies , and donuts . How I do love all of the fatty foods :D 
Yeah , carowinds today . I'm going to spend a lot of time in the water . 
Good day . Great Night . Amazing Morning . 
:( 
Is cool like an icicle . 
Aw , Poop . 
I strongly dislike people sometimes :/ 
Thanks to the people who wished me a happy birthday :) 
First time on in two weeks :/ 
I need some milk and cookies . 
I'm quite empowered at the moment . Going to get some stuff done . 
So tired . I need a better diet . 
Today : Carowinds , wrote a poem , got rid of that beast of a haircut , and is all smiles without knowing why . 
Will I let it show , \ 
You will be the first to know , \ 
While emotions grow ... 
Inside Out- Culture Beat :: Right now I love this <3 
I just wanted to get on here to say that i'm extremely sorry for everything over the last month . Especially wanted to say it more so to < PROPMALE > Bale . I haven't been able to keep anything in check by myself and at the same time refused to talk to anybody about anything . Just a problem i've always had and i'm trying harder than ever to change . Too bad it can't get me all of that time back :( 
Just hacked off his hair -___- 
:/ Not the best day . Still trying to figure things out . Also suprisingly cutting my own hair made it look better . 
Is the best and worst conversationalist depending on the situation . Usually it's the latter . 
\Handsome\ " I quite like that adjective regardless of who it encompasses . " 
Going outside and stuff today ^___________^ 
Eating dinner . Yes I do eat . 
Why am I up ? I should be sleeping but the internet calls my name . 
Hopefully it's not wrong to contemplate because I am . 
Good Mood ! Good Mood ! Good Mood ! 
Blush 
\Take a bite of my heart tonight . \"" 
Sorry Guys and Gals :( Had a bad morning . 
Pretty spaced atm . Hopefully I can get out of this funk soon . 
Listening to One Republic . I'm glad I have today off . Not doing anything unless someone else wants to . 
EBF3 on Epic Difficulty >:| 
Overall , today was a good day . 
Weeeekeeend ! I will enjoy you thoroughly . 
Today flew by . 
\There's no way you're going to be able to fit that big fire hose in that small little car . \ " Work is fun . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Surdel is pretty darn awesome :3 
Good Good Day :) 
Enjoyed the wonderful rain that we received today . 
So my phone isn't working :( 
Sang earlier today . It was pretty swell . 
Still feel like crap but work beckons . 
isn't getting dressed up for the Halloween festivities today :( 
is quite discontent with things lately :( 
has very odd tastes in a lot of things . 
has lost weight . Just when I thought that wasn't possible . 
misses lots of people . 
Is glad he hasn't had an overdose on Christmas music . 
Hasn't made a status in a month . Barely even gets on the computer or phone anymore . Just seems too complicated . Still sleeping too much and not getting much done . Should probably do something about that . 
Nighttime adventures ! 
Is drained . Could use some less snow . 
Eventful day . Got some stuff done but there is still much to be done . 
Doesn't actually mind the snow this time around . 
Is eating a frosty . 
Likes orange juice and bagels way too much . 
< PROPFIRST>'s . What an odd holiday . 
Today at least eased the pain a little . Hopefully dad gets better soon . I'm worried about him . 
Very tired lately . Could be since i'm not feeling 100% atm . 
