My tooth still hurts ... is this normal ? 

Nice work , citizens of Eagle , who managed not to hurt anyone , including themselves , on New Year's night . 
I just realized that packaged cookie dough from the store has the message \Do not eat raw cookie dough . \ " How could I have gone so long without knowing this fact ? What Salmonella ? " 
Nice work guys on retaining the street light ! It's too bad we weren't the fastest team in the race's history ... 2008 EFD team wins 25 - 30 over this years team . In fact , if this years team would have tied the ' 07 BFD team for the second fastest team in h 
Fingers numb from la guitara ... 
PLEASE fatty finger callouses , please hurry up an come ... 
< PROPMALE > Armstrong ... team Radio Shack 2010 ! 
Today at a glance , thus far : Went to bed @ ~ 0:30 . Woke up @ ~ 3:30 . Ate smoke until 8:00 . Got back to the station , cleaned up my gear and showered by 9:00 . Attempted to leave for my post-work bike ride , had a flat tire . Fixed the flat tire . Attempted po 
Barbecuing for lunch ... ironic . 
About to rip the yard up some more .... ugh 
I think ( and hope ) I managed to get my HVAC system leak-proofed today , but what would have REALLY helped would have been a midget with monkey arms ... 
Spent the day rippin ' up the yard again ... 
Spent 8 hours playing with sprinklers and planting trees ... thanks for the help < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Almost done with the yard ... 
An exploratory off-trail hiking expedition with T + a slightly unprepared < PROPFEMALE > = FUN ( countless abrasions , a few lacerations and contusions , and something that feels like a sprained PCL ... ) Next time remind me to wear long pants , shoes with traction , and < PROPFEMALE > a machete ! 
Almost a year of having < PROPFIRST > and not seeing much more than him sleeping , eating , and moving about . In the past three days we've seen lizard lovin ' and the production of the magically appearing gecko waste-pebbles . Nature is unfolding within the confines of my home ... 
Go Broncos 
Pleased the Broncos pulled off the ugly win . Disappointed we had to be ugly in the win . 
Nice work BSU ... almost kicked as much butt as my girlfriend did in her race today ... almost . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > , I'm proud of you ! 
Alright , now only 1 more MTN West team has to lose and it's a lock ! 
Towing : $171 . Total rebuild : 5k . Make it driveable : 2k . Six days of research , much appreciated support from friends and family , and one day of hard work : priceless ... Oh , okay , there's a price ... it's just about 30% of what I would have paid without all the priceless stuff ! LONG LIVE THE RAV !!! 
Oregon may be the Bronco's best friends this season ... 
Looks like slow starting Bronco football ... again . When will the can open ? 
Did you hear it ? Pop .... fizzz ! 
0 points in 15 minutes ... 15 pts in 135 seconds ... 
Resurecting the Rav 
It is getting seriously painful being a Seahawk/Charger fan . 
< PROPFEMALE > is telling me she caught the bouquet at a friends wedding ... and she's not kidding . 
I'd bet there is a lot of unhappy betting Bronco fans today , thanks to that stupid late score ... 
The Chargers SUCK ! It's a good thing I bet against them tonight ... 
Some potential game implications this weekend for BSU . Watch out Iowa and TCU ... 
And Idaho , 15 pt underdogs to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
It's strange to see the Broncos playing during a day game , when it is night here ... 
A yard in a half punt ?! 
SICK and TIRED of BSU's hot-headed show-boats ! 
Up at 4:30 , drive ~ 1000 < PROPMALE > , check in to Hotel , eat , get prepared to learn ... 
Went over building construction all day .. It was very infomative , but unfortunately , death by powerpoint and slide show . One more day like this tomorrow , then we get to start curring ! 
Kung Fu Panda isn't nearly as stupid as I thought it would be ... 
I'll never look at building construction and ventilation the same way ... 
Long , but good , day of ventilation practice ... 
More Vent today ... then a long , boring classroom session over PPA ( positive pressure attack ) and elevators . 
I just got in trouble for playing my guitar in the stairwell at my hotel . Besides the fact that the acoustics are superior , I figured it would also be kinder to my neighbors ... Maybe the security guard thought I was a drifter ... 
Field trip day after 3 hours of class ... alarm panels , elevators , PPV , and high-rise building construction . BTW , happy \ween\ " of the \ " Hallo \"- ed variey ! " 
A day off ... Hope everyone is doing good today . 
It was a day of lecture ( 3 hours of R . I . C . ) AND 4 ( < PROPMALE > Prop , Limited Visibility , Low Visibility , and Profiling ) Search and Rescue stations ( 5 hours total ) . I'm glad I have knee pads , or I'd be a hurtin ' unit . 
2 . Smoke will kill you ... either now or later . WEAR your SCBA whenever you are around smoke ! I'm not even excited about BBQ anymore ... 
3 . R.I.T ( or RIG/RIC ) is important , not something to poute about . There is plenty to do ... all of which increase the survivability of an incident , if it were to happen . 
One last day ... testing our knowledge . 
Back in town ... 
2010 Firefighter Stairclimb : Registered . 
I was told by a claims rep for my insurance company that the dude I got in a wreck with claimed that I was not the driver that got in a wreck with him ... that some other person was driving ... and that I got in my car and took the blame ... Does that mean it never really happened ? 
I need Maroney to get 5 yards receiving , or 9 yards rushing to win my fantasy football game ... 
I don't know if my cell phone is worth as much as it has cost me ... 
I appreciated all of the concern/support from everyone after wrecking the Rav , but the related phone < PROPMALE > was astronomical ! 
Does everyone else lose \anytime\ " minutes for calling their voice mail ? " 
I'm just glad I distanced myself from the Seahawks , because watching them would be even more painful ... 
Completed a 5 line parlay , good for 21:1 payout ... too bad I didn't have more money on it ... 
Going to the dentist .... weeeee ! 
Let's go Fiesta Bowl committee , make the right choice and bring back the Broncos ... you won't be disappointed . 
YEAH BOY !! 
And how many cubic feet of snow will I shovel this year ? 
2.5 hours of shoveling today ... please don't snow tonight . 
Forget < PROPFIRST > ! Everyone loves < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Spent an hour and thirty minutes in a dentist chair today . A filling and a crown . What an all-around pain , including in my wallet . But , I put it off for three years , which was long enough . I can't wait until I can eat normally again ... 
Experienced a top-3 pain today ... Eating desert ( ice cream and brownies ) during the Fiesta Bowl , I dislodged the crown from my tooth . I thought the pain from the sweet frostiness was bad ... until I used toothpaste ( per dentist instructions ) to re-adhere my crown . One week to go until I get my real crown and I hope it feels better than this temp . Oh yeah , NICE WORK BRONCOS ! 
Was there some sort of hidden Facebook message that mandated females to write in their bra color ? Or did someone just start a successful fad ? And I'm assuming the dudes are writing about their underwear ..? If that's the case , put me down for white and tight , with a little daylight ... 
Hoping that the Eagle Fire Stairclimb Team Aluminum Can Recycling Drive goes well ... If you want to help us raise money for The Leukemia and Lymphoma Society by saving/collecting your aluminum cans and bringing them to any Eagle Station , or my house , or if you save up a good amount , I'll come pick them up . Yes , I know the last sentence wasn't good . 
This morning I got out of bed & almost fell over . Then I began sweating profusely . Then I dove into the bathtub & vomited several times . Five hours & several pukes later & I'm still dizzy . I don't think I have a temp & when I'm laying down , I feel fine . Never experienced anything like this before , & I'm not a puker . In fact , I doubled the number of pukes in my lifetime . Does anyone know what's wrong with me ? 
Feeling better ... even ran a few < PROPMALE > . Thanks . 
To the coworker that ate 4 of the 5 leftover hot wings I accidentally left in the fridge at work , but came back later to pick up : Why did you only eat 4 of them ? I mean , there were 5 smedium , not-so-hot wings in there to begin with . Would it have killed you to polish off that last 1.75 oz of wing meat ? It would have been easier on me ... what am I going to do with one hot wing ? I can't eat one little wing ! 
Little < PROPFIRST > had a seizure today ... pretty much scarred me for life . Luckily he is still alive . 
Got four weeks until the Seattle Stair Climb . 
Any of my friends in the Seattle area have a place for me to crash on March 6th ? I have a race downtown on March 7th . No pressure , I'm just looking at options . Send me a message if you think this is do-able . 
Climbed up 168 floors , down 80 floors , then had a Number 2 w/cheddar and grilled onions from Fuddruckers . Topping it off with the Oly's ... what a great evening . 
Thank God I'm not a figure skater !!! 
I have a love/hate relationship with the Olympics . I love watching it , almost every event as a matter of fact . It's so inspirational and motivating . The problem is , I watch so much of it that I don't leave much time to act on my motivation ... 
I still feel terrible for Sven Kramer . 
No more olympics ... what the heck am I supposed to watch now ? 
Heading out to Yakima ... 350 < PROPMALE > away . 
Alive and in Yakima ... 
Seattle Ya Voy ! 
Back in Yak ... 13:50 ; 29 seconds faster than last year ; BUT not the fastest in Idaho this year ... I tip my theoretical cap to you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of BFD . 
After a year of planning and < PROPFEMALE > , I can finally announce : I will soon be a resident of Eagle ... 
Eliminating the human race one box of Girl Scout Cookies at a time ... 
March Madness ... my favorite time of year . 
Never lost my National Champ this early before ... 
I'm starting to think my frequency of illness has something to do with my line of work ... 
Got my first sunburn of the year yesterday and my first bike ride in today ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , brain pioneer or mental enslaver ? 
Happy Easter everybody 
Anyone know anything about Naked Mole Rats , apart from what I have found online ? Do you think we have them in southern ID , Eagle to be specific ? 
Proud of my mother , who , at age 60 completed Robie Creek ( the toughest half-marathon in the NW ) , and got 3rd place in her age group . By the way , it was the first half-marathon in her life . 
Upon further analysis of the Robie Creek results , it turns out my mom would have got second , maybe even first , had she not succumbed to the photo ops , The Table of Seduction and the sweet orange soda it promised . You see , she was the fastest in her age group to the top of the hill by about two minutes . 
Still waiting on my new house ... but putting in a bazillian hours fixing up my current one ... Oh , and subconsciously I guess I decided that my cell phone needed to be left in the pocket of my \work shorts\ " and placed in the washing machine ... Didn't even make it a year ... " 
Unfortunately , last night I disvocered the worst meal ever to vomit up ... Mongolian BBQ . I don't think I'll be able to eat my leftovers . I got some type of virus and within one hour of beginning to feel sick , I began evacuating . This virus doesn't mess around and I hope nobody else gets it . 
Main Street Mile Practice @ Centennial HS , 8 pm tonight ... bring your fast legs ! 
I finally am a legal resident of Eagle , ID ... 
YES , I'm as fast as I was in 7th grade again ... 
Ever wonder how well you could do at sports betting ? Here is a free site which can help you find out , and win actual money , even if it is a small amount . Definitely worth a shot . Just use the URL below and you could be winning in no time . \ 
\ 
http://www.centsports.com/ref/567941/Kelsey_Backen 
For all my Boise friends who know what General Tso's Chicken is supposed to taste like , I just found the best I have ever had in Boise . The General lives at the North End Chinese Restaurant , on the NW corner of State Street & 18th . Don't let his humble dwelling-place deceive you , for the General lurks in unexpected places . Eat in , or drive through , look for #15 ( I recommend the pork fried rice ) , & prepare to battle . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Be safe if you are traveling ! 
Nice work Seahawks ... on being the worst team ever to make the playoffs . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , Arnett , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for getting me to my fund-raising goal for the stair climb !! 
For all you workout-oholics out there , I've got a workout for you ( thanks to friend < PROPMALE > ) . The challenge is : 400 push ups , 400 sit ups , & 4 < PROPMALE > on a treadmill in under 1 hour . Break up your sets however you want . If you want a harder challenge , beat my time of 48:46 . 4 . I set the treadmill @ 1% incline & the sit ups were done w/my feet under an object , arms crossed my chest , elbows to thighs . Let me know how you do . 
Wondering why you're only seeing status updates from the same people ? Facebook has changed its News Feed so that by default you can only see updates from people you have recently interacted with ! To change this click the arrow next to ' most recent ' then \edit options\ " and tick the box to receive updates from ALL friends . Most importantly - repost this ! Only a few of your friends will actually see it . " 
Snowing hard and it's 38 degrees outside ... 
Okay , so I have a \relationship status change ... \"" 
Thankful for friends 
For those of you who didn't see the Seattle Stair Climb results , I finished 11th overall with a time of 13:15 . Shaved 35 seconds and 12 places off of last year's time . Our team finished 20th , which is our best placing in the three years we fielded a team . 
