neerd-gasm , just got back home with halo odst , but going to do homework first so i dont get too sucked in and forget 

Thank god for my fast typing skills , did 4 pages of typing in like less than an hour , my right hand still feels like it's stinging ... dang you eco and your pointless vocab lists 
oh yeah nothing to put you to sleep like a good thunderstorm 
hopes all you people trying out out for the bowling team have fun ... next thing you know we'll have a cricket and underwater basket weaving team ... 
somehow hurt my shoulder while doing pushups , now it hurts when i move it in certain ways , dunno what i did but it hurts to like hunch over and bend to grab stuff , talk about trying to keep a good posture , in a very painful way 
tomorrow's my last day of school for the week ! but the price for that is that i loose 4 teeth and am in pain for a couple of days . is it worth it ? 
omg people dont do the mystic < PROPFEMALE > quiz it publishes twice and it fillz up my wallz and crampz up my facebookz with lagz tyvm :) 
so can anyone confirm for me if the ipodtouch/iphone apps games and all that stuff are the same ? been considering getting the touch and im curious 
so yeah just got back from getting all 4 wisdom teeth removed drug amount or effect on me hardly did anything in terms of forgetfulness or cognitive ability , the only annoying thing is im numb and have a hard time speaking but hey Facebook cant show that ;) 
Yup 3:30 about that time , the sun is closer to us then it is further and in a few hours the first light of < PROPFEMALE > shall arise , it is at this time i must sleep 
If you want to talk about time travel , meet me last Thursday . 
So yeah had a dream last night ( or early this morning i guess ) Julien and < PROPFIRST > Died , it was so horrible what would the world be without them ? ( and my other friends eh ) :D 
cant think of an influential person for topic A collage essay , moved around alot no adult has been in my life that long , not really close to many family members aside from parents ( which we were recommended not to use ) is a brother a viable choice ? 
Got to eat at both lunches today it was nice . 
Stole ... snuck ... brought ! the dang dental mouth guard home to get some real scissors to cut this sucker up .. works better but still a pain in the as .. thumb . 
scary i look down on my desk and see < PROPFEMALE > collage envelope saying their admissions office is on facebook and to become a fan ... 
Wonders if the annoying adds on the side of facebook that are obviously guy orientated are female orientated when you put the \female\ " option in your profile ... " 
ugh my dad spontaneously made an appointment with the counselor my dad and me just to talk ... time to rehear what i probably already know 
what involves : skin , lube , and an arm/hand . Why re-skinning miss townsend's venipuncture arms . what else could it be . and that's just what i came back from . was a very entertaining yet difficult procedure ... im happy to announce the skin graph turned out all right and our patient is totally fine ( although his skin did turn from white to black ) but that's not important . 
currently eating grapes , how can they reproduce when the're seedless !??! 
sweet , finished collage applications ! it meant missing out on modern warfare 2 , it was almost worth it ... 
yup , a liter of mountain dew does wonders for keeping you awake , it's 4 in the morning and i started drinking it about 12-1 and i dont have any super urge to sleep ... 
only slept 8 hours in the past 2 nights , went and volunteered for rock'n roll marathon , so sleepy .... the world feels so different ... julien was being mean throwing medical tape at me when i had no reflexes at all :( 
stroud eco class brains unite !! is the test tomorrow over the chapter 10 or the economics math packet ? 
mosquitoes broke into my house !! they've been biting around since friday ... too bad i just found out mosquitoes can live up to a couple of weeks hopefully i'll wake up with less bites then i went to sleep with , and with that i bid adieu 
3 more weeks until xmas break ! 
my god .... electronic plants and animals are taking over facebook !!! my news feed is already cluttered enough without supergrow making it worse . 
4 AM , ahh the things a liter of mountain do and modern warfare do to ya . got the jitters hardcore right now 
unhealiest day for eating ever brownies for breakfast pizza for lunch and pizza for dinner soda for 2/3rds of my liquids ... oh yeah i can feel the diabetes kicking in already . 
finally , an entire week of leaving my computer on and 26 GBs later i have finally downloaded .... the first 11 seasons of south park . 
Happy Boxing Day ! 
Im smart , try'd to take a U-turn on my bike while going downhill pretty fast , going too fast to turn in time to not have to slam into the sidewalk . needless to say playing slip and slide on pavement does not work ... ouch my knees . 
thinks people should stop taking the like ( and dislike ) button so seriously , the only reason it exist is to track a status updates progress without forcing you to comment it really should be \Interested In\ " button but they gave it a cute name instead aka the \ " like button\ " -From the mind of < PROPFIRST > nill " 
Need to do Government homework the thing is with that class ' homework , the teacher spends less time grading everybody homework then it takes to answer like 4 questions and it makes it feel kinda pointless doing the assignment ... 
Was really thirsty ... drank a tall glass of ice tea really quickly and got a really big brain freeze . =( 
* sigh * time to go and teach my mom how to copy/paste pictures from the internet and use excel .... AGAIN she's so bad with computers and never takes an effort to retain the knowledge ... 
Facebook and Play-doh in front of me while trying to do homework ... worst combination ever to get that accomplished . 
Been making a picture collection , The making of PowderPuff 2010 seniors , gonna post it up someday soon after Friday , you should come out and help Thursday if you wanna be in this awesome album ;) 
currently scrutinizing through photos to create the making of senior 2010 powderpuff album .... 
an hour and a half later finally uploaded all the powderpuff stuff , enjoy . Help me tag people :D 
I hate it ... 
Rainier , \man I haven't sweat this much before ... Man I haven't felt like this before . \ " ahhh all of the possible \ " that's what she said moments\ " when jogging with rain . " 
Is totally weirded out , for the longest time i've thought that the day was 1 day earlier then I thought . I thought today was friday , yesterday was thursday and so on ... I dont know for how long not saying im complaining about the \one day closer to school\ " but rather the weirdness/shock of not realizing it for so long and seemingly feeling like I lost a day to thin air . " 
I swear my alliance to a piece of cloth which represents the united states of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands one nation under ( but still separate from ) god , indivisible ( despite the civil war ) with < PROPFEMALE > ( but not too much ) and justice ( according to most people's definition ) for all . -pledge of allegiance in the mind of < PROPFIRST > . 
screw the fountain of youth , what we really need is a fountain of knowledge . 
Got cut by a < PROPFEMALE > the other day , the cut it made was so clean and effective . Made me think , \maybe a < PROPFEMALE > has thorns to show you how fragile YOU are . \"" 
ok , i figured i'd hold my tongue on this one .... but , ok the groups that require you to join to see the picture/words their advertising are already dumb , i'd rather not get people with no lives the satisfaction of having a FB group grow but that's not even what pushed me to the edge . \ 
\ 
\Join if this picture ruined the lion < PROPMALE > for you\ " ---> \ " click join to view this picture ! \ " \ 
With the creation of Cell phones , internet , texting , facebook , social gaming it really makes me wonder ... \ 
Are People so uncomfortable with themselves that they cant take a moment of time away from others and just listen to themselves ? 
On my Way home I saw a < PROPFEMALE > so Majestic , I pulled out my camera to take a photo of it , But the streetlight made the sensitivity to light change so much to where I couldn't see the < PROPFEMALE > on the camera . \ 
Sometimes Technology makes us forget some parts of life . 
Nothing like having 216 people dress up all the same and have the principle tell us to enjoy our few seconds of fame after 4 years of going through what is ( almost ) required education that doesnt really amount to anything . and then they tell us how unique we are when were just highschool graduates who are all going into college with even more people making us even less unique , \ 
graduation , the worst part of graduating 
aw snap , my camera has 666 photos saved in it right now . ( i promise it was unintentional . ) 
\Most people do not consider < PROPFEMALE > to be an attractive experience - unless they are still up . \"" 
Needs to add 10 more words to his English comp essay ... \ 
add a new sentence ? squeeze in a few more words ? do another paragraph !? ( oh noes ! )\ 
it's bugging me , dang you word limits . 
I am a character in the story of your life , a chapter in the book of time , a < PROPFEMALE > of a description , and a word for a name : < PROPFIRST > 
I < PROPFEMALE > time on my wrist\ 
A measurement of bliss\ 
Along with a fate I can't resist\ 
We must all go into the abyss\ 
Just accumulating my time\ 
for a fate I cannot control\ 
that can change on a dime\ 
For I must fill my role\ 
That's why you meet friends\ 
live life to the full extent\ 
To make sweet till the moment it ends\ 
But now is the present\ 
Even though the end you cannot forget\ 
live life without regret 
If your strong most people wont know it , and you wont care that they dont . 
I prefer to call my DDR playing more like , Controlled Falling . 
Just had such an epic long conversation with < PROPFIRST > , that by the end of the conversation we were referencing the beginning of the conversation . 
Laying in a hammock in a deserted area of tx state , pretty nice . 
Awesome went to movies and when it came to a debate for the last seat we played rock paper scissors to decide who's it would be , I won , if only All problems could be solved that way . 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind but yet a more popular phrase is \do unto others as you would have done unto yourself\ " so go ahead take that eye ! " 
it's funny how when your doing calculus sometimes 0 and infinity feel really close ... 
what cruel irony , i want to do my calculus homework get it out of the way right now ... and he hasn't even put it online when you WANT homework it's not there ... 
so awesome , 7/11 wanting to get rid of donuts gave me 6 for 1.99 $ good deal . 
is going to be living in the library today , enjoying free time on facebook while i can . 
Rejoice ! I have found someone with as poor as sense of direction as i do ! I am not alone ! \ 
too bad I found this out right before we got lost ... 
\chris is it really you birthday ? \ " < me > \ " oh crap it is my birthday !... i had forgotten . \"" 
heard an awsome speech in my comm class that related the original < PROPFEMALE > wars trilogy as :\ 
a young man from a hick part of the galaxy that wants to accomplish somthing and gets taken in my a religious old man who then joins a rebel group that is fighting against the elected government on a suicide mission to destroy 
on my 3rd monster within 24 hours , i normally have never relied on them too much but today , time is too valuable .. I also only slept 5 hours last night making me tired throughout the day . \ 
after i consume this one i will have drinken 48 fl oz of monster . 
Phone isnt getting signal since this morning best way to contact \ 
me is facebook I'll be checking it with wifi ( although I do get sporadic signal and may eventually get txts ) 
due to my enthusiasm of photos i found a fortune cookie i really liked \ 
\A photo doesnt capture your charm\ " \ 
7am a good time to go to sleep 
\pray to god that you do well on the test\ " < me > \ " what if you dont have any\ " \ 
\my day has just been made ! I use the bathroom and come out 1$ richer ! \ " \ " I feel like I just got paid to use the bathroom . " 
I now have cowboy boots . 
phone died wont be back online till i get my charger tonight so if anyone needs to contact me ... \ 
good luck . 
just watched the entire deathnote series with my mother in 2 days , not to mention i've been catching up on my own anime series during the break , quick someone tell me the cure for an anime overload ! 
