Putting < PROPFEMALE > to bed and playing Fable2 , those are my big plans for tonight 

why do people only say that everything happens for a reason when the world is craping on you . they never say it when things are good . 
fear is just an illusion when all hope is shattered 
im trying really hard not to kill my daughter who decided she needed to wake up shortly after 6am and has been a beast ever since 
it's a very blah kinda day 
they who cannot do ... preach . 
just used a toddler knife to make a sandwich , i really feel like a mom 
hates my current living arangments 
i've come to a conclusion . every time i tell my husband that i'm dieting he tells me i look fine and that he likes me the way i am . i had a thought . it's not that he likes me the way i am , it's that if i'm bigger there is less < PROPMALE > of other men looking 
potty training is a nightmare ! is it wrong if i want to throttle < PROPFEMALE > at the moment ? 
im craving something cheesy . maybe i'll make lasanga 
i just finished making my last batch of cookies ! hooray for me ! 
< PROPFIRST > came home this morning from his medeval reinactment camping trip sunburned and hungover . after giving him a kiss and expressing my sympathy for his issues , i had to resist the urge to raise my hand and smack his sunburn 
I have the spongebob squarepants song stuck in my head . At least it's better then < PROPFEMALE > , that one was stuck in there yesterday 
i have a migraine and could really go for a twinki right now 
sat down with < PROPFIRST > last night and watched the mummy 3 , i can say that i will never buy that horrid piece of garbage 
back to < PROPMALE > potter hooray ! 
thinking about making a lemon cake with lemon butter cream iceing . YUM ! 
why on earth are jeans for a 3 year old the same price as jeans for myself ? 
just waiting for the day when she can sleep in her nice big bed again 
i get mad greek in 30 minutes . yummy 
i want < PROPFEMALE > to let me sleep through the night at least one time this week 
four hours of sleep followed by many hours of peoples bull shit makes < PROPFIRST > a very annoyed little woman 
thinks it sad that i know all the words to the blues clues songs . 
i forgot how horrible the end chapter of < PROPMALE > potter and the deathly hollows was . 
< PROPFIRST > went out to do his fighting thingy so it's just us girls tonight 
tomorrows friday hooray ! 
fridays and paydays are a very good combo 
really wish that i could get to sleep at a decent time 
after trying on over 40 pairs of pants i finally found a pair that fit , sort of , now i just have to hem them so that they're not longer then my legs 
i drove marks car up to park city , that thing does not like going uphill . thats why i love my civic 
i hate sewing . why can't the sewing < PROPFEMALE > come to my house to hem my pants instead of making me do it ? 
i got a job interview tomorrow . hooray ! wish me luck 
interview went ok . not bad , not great . we'll see 
i really hate people who always try to play the victim 
with the week almost over i could go for a nice cocktail ..... oh look , liquor . 
ahhh , mondays . The day which everyone besides myself goes to bed early and i can watch real < PROPMALE > of love without guilt 
mmmm , we went to dragon diner for chinese . if they ever go out of buisness i will cry , they make the best chinese in town 
have you ever had a great day and felt like you could do fifty million things and then talked on the phone to one person , just one person , and felt completly drained afterwards ? yeah . that was my day 
HORROR STORY OF THE DAY ! CAUTION ! IF YOU ARE EASILY OFFENDED DO NOT READ . So last night me and my man were getting a little up close and personal . It's about 2 am so we assumed everyone was asleep . During the grand finally I hear my father inlaws door open and he stands at the top of the stairs listening to us for damn near a minute before going into the bathroom . Needless to say I can't look him in the eyes today . 
TGIF 
Just put < PROPFEMALE > down for bed a no less then five minutes later she conviently had a monster in her room . 
so . It's now 4 am and my little shi .... i mean angel is still awake . GRRR ! 
tired , tired and more tired . if < PROPFEMALE > is awake all f***ing night againe i dont think i'll have a daughter in the morning . 
sunday . boring sunday 
i cut marks hair into a mowhawk for him last night . he really likes it . i hope he doesnt have to get rid of it for work 
greeks make the best food 
it's probably just me , but it drives me crazy when people call dinner supper . supper ? really ? it sounds like a word my 3 year old would use . we don't eat at a supper table , it's a dinner table . so call it dinner ..... rant finished . 
the season finale of \Rescue Me\ " blew dogs for quarters " 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick 
Can someone please explain to me why the harmons on redwood has those nummy big sugar cookies made by the bakery but there is only a quarter size amount of frosting on the cookie ? 
i dont see the point in wasting money to go play a < PROPMALE > knight with loads of money when we dont have any money 
spending a night all alone except for < PROPFEMALE > , but she doesn't count cause she's sleeping . 
writing , writing , writing , got to keep on writing . 
There is nothing greater then sitting alone with no noise , completly at peace with the world ..... that is untill i could hear my father in laws porn . ick . 
my poor baby is running a fever 
< PROPFEMALE > is still running a fever 
it's raining , it's pouring .... and it's really really dark 
Ya know , i can some what deal with it when the jerk offs that i live with throw away my things . but it absolutly pisses me off when they throw away my mothers stuff and then have the balls to lie to my face and say they didn't do it . yeah right . i know ya did 
Does it make my brother inlaw a slut if he comes home witha diffrent boy each night ? Hmmmm . 
I have finished writing the first chapter ! Now to begin a second . 
we're going to the fair tomorrow ! 
went to the fair . had an ok time , untill < PROPFEMALE > had a < PROPMALE > meldown 
boooo ! i'm not looking forward to monday .... later today :) . i have to call and yell at my insurance agent . 
It pisses me off when someone changes their viewpoints so drasticly in so short of a time . Stick with them . Don't change them just to make someone else happy ! GRRR ! F***ing flip floppers ! 
A note to my inlaws who were ever so wonderfully gifted upon me when i married my husband . Im not having another kid . Ever . So deal with it and replinish the Andrews line on your own . 
i love this weather 
spending a quiet night at home . just me and my baby 
we miss our crappy duplex in Midvale . sigh . 
i woke up this morning with will smiths ' getting jiggy with it ' stuck in my head and it wont go away ! 
Going through Big Cottonwood Canyon and seeing all the bright colors of fall just made my heart swell with joy and i would like to thank < PROPFIRST > for taking me up there and making things seem a lot brighter 
Boo for laundry day ! Boo ! 
All my life I believed I knew something . But then one strange day came when I realized That I knew nothing , yes , I knew nothing . And so words became void of meaning . I have arrived too late at ultimate uncertainty . < PROPMALE > Pound 
Has nothing better to do then sit and watch < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > play halo 
Sick husband . Sick brother inlaw . Please ... no one else . 
Sooo ... my brother inlaw thought he might have caught h1n1 , father inlaw takes him to the hospital and they return home with my father inlaw telling us there is no way to test for h1n1 , retracts the comment then says the test is only 40% accurate . Thoughts ? 
Saw Slumdog Millionair for the first time , what an awsome movie . 
One must ponder this question : What is the point of having a home security system if you leave all the upstairs windows open ? 
I freaking hate driving ! There is nothing worse then driving around in my little civic and having a huge truck tailgate me ! 
Watching Top Chef is making me hungry ! 
Someone had the nerve to key my damn car ! 
Just finished watching Milk and I give it two very big thumbs up ! 
Ya know .... I love Christmas as much as the next person but i dont want to see Christmas trees untill after Thanksgiving , and if they cant do that then at least wait untill Halloween is over ! 
Ka-ka-ka-Ken is coming to ka-ka-kakill me ! 
Man , Nip Tuck is really starting to suck 
Just has to find the energy to put sleeves on < PROPFEMALE>'s halloween costume then im 98% done ! 
Both my neck and my back hurt . Next year i'm buying her a costume . 98% done . yeah ! 
Happy Halloween ! 
I just saw the trailer for < PROPMALE > of Persia and it looks great ! I so wanna see it ! 
Ah , husbands . I just love how they can go out without being bothered to tell their wives and can come home an hour late without so much as a phone call , but if we dare do something like that we get our heads bitten off for not telling them where we're going and they get upset if we come home five minutes late . 
I like daylight savings time only because I am able to put < PROPFEMALE > down for bed an hour early . 
I'm attempting to read ' The Lost Symbol ' but a night of Kitchen Nightmares , House and The Tale of Despero ' sounds a lot more tempting . 
Thank you FM 100 , for completly turning me off Christmas music before December has even begun . 
food poisoning sucks . 
still sick as a dog . 
Rant of the Day : To hell with swiffer products . First off , they're a waste of money and second they hurt the environment . 
My cat loves his < PROPFEMALE > pot . 
I need a chocolate fix . 
It's snowing . 
Who the hell paints a kitchen at midnight ? Unless you are in your twenties , a college student or a night owl you should not be painting your kitchen at this time of night . Especially if you have a couple in their twenties who sleep on the couch in the front room . 
Ok . I'll admit it . I'm sitting here jamming out to the spice girls . 
Directing sore thoughts towards \ Confessions of a Shopaholic\ " . Boo ! Boo ! It blew ! " 
My cat is eating < PROPFEMALE>'s leftover french fries . 
i want to go see 2012 . who's coming with me . 
Pissing off the person pissing me off is so much fun ! 
Just saw the greatest Best Buy commercial . Moo . Ha ! 
Family photo day with my inlaws or getting stabbed with an ice pick . I choose the latter . 
We're taking < PROPFEMALE > to see zoo lights on saturday ! Join us ! 
Is amazed at how her sweet little girl can turn into a ferocious little red demon in the blink of an eye . Are the fearsome fours any better the the terrifying threes ? 
A note to my husband . I don't understand what is so hard about giving me recite . You act like i'm going to bite your head off ... i'm not . Just give me the damn recite the day of the purchase . Not three days later . And don't act like it's my fault . Jackass . 
Grrr ..... 
Is wide awake after waking up and realizing that < PROPFIRST > was already ten minutes late for work and was still fast asleep in bed . I know that he's exhausted but how does he manage to sleep through not one , but three different alarms ? 
Not sure if this is bad or not , but considering that i laughed my ass off i can't really reprimand her for it . I was watching this movie called Death Race with < PROPFEMALE > and there was a really big explosion in it , < PROPFEMALE > takes a step back and say's \ Holy Shit ! \"." 
Gives great advice . When certain people don't listen to my advice they tend to fuck up . Why can't they be bothered to swallow their pride and listen to a voice of reason ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas and bah humbug 
Christmas is finally over ! Now to plan for both mine and Georgias bithdays , plus my aniversery . SIGH ! Does it never end . 
gets extremly annoyed when people bogart the christmas < PROPFEMALE > . If you didn't buy it don't take the < PROPFEMALE > bowl up to your room . Grr ! 
I am not high strung ! 
Is watch ' When < PROPMALE > Met < PROPFEMALE>' and pondering how to make a story about magicly split souls work . 
Sitting all on her little lonesome had a random thought . Poetry is for pussies ! Yeah i said it . What are they gonna do about it ? Write a poem about the evils of the world . Hah . 
So sick of drama , lies and assholes . 
I'm no speed demon , but when people are doing twenty under the speed limit I want to run them off the road ! 
Sherlock Holmes was awsome and < PROPFEMALE > needed a few more long island ice teas , other then that great birthday . Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Nothing more adorable in the world then seeing my daughter playing ballerina with my 17 year old brother . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I fucking love Seether ! 
Just watching The Care Bears Movie with < PROPFEMALE > , you know , the one that came out when i was a kid . 
Is attempting to watch Twilight . Attempt is the key word . It's rather .... painful . 
Dear Sword of Truth series , you dragged me into your books with promises of good plots and strong characters , yet now deny me both . While the main idea was promising the ending result is tragic with your repetitive writing and once strong characters that now seem spineless . I don't wish to subject myself with the daunting task of reading anymore of your books and must bid you fair well . 
Monday the 25th : Happy 5th anniversary to my dear husband . I love you . To those who took bets on us not making it this long . Haha ! Shove it bitches ! Tuesday the 26th : Happy birthday to my cute little girl on her mighty fourth birthday ! 
Happy Birthday to my < PROPFEMALE > ! She is 4 years old already . My god does time fly . Next year she'll be in school . Sigh . 
Wonders what the hell is so hard with going either 300 feet down the road or 300 feet up the road to a damn crosswalk instead of running across the street . With a car thats only 50 feet away slamming on their breaks sooner or later your luck is going to run out asshole . 
Finding it very hard not to slaughter the entire human race . 
Yay ! Go me . Due to my actions my family and I will be homeless as of this weekend . Great job < PROPMALE > . 
Dees had the best chicken fried steak . 
What ever happened to innocent flirting ? Nowadays you flirt with someone and they think you want to get in their pants . It's all in good fun people ! I'd flirt with the toaster if it made me laugh . 
My feet are killing me . 
There is no charitable grace being served up in my cafeteria , go look somewhere else you bible thumping bastards . 
Wish my new lenses would hurry up 
There is no relevance to this post . 
Our friendly neighborhood ducks are stalking us ! 
Feels weird to be up this late . 
Loves my foot bath . Oh dear god Yes ! 
Dear small children . Not cool to look in other peoples windows . Thank you . 
Never realized that cleaning up your toys was so traumatic . 
Again with the damn kids staring through my windows . Managed to scare the crap out of this one . 
Come on heater ! Do your job ! 
Just watching her husbands get their dork on . Sigh . 
Finally saw Avatar . Eh .. 
Dear husband . The dishes go in the sink . Not on the counter . 
I don't care how low your pants are , how many tattoos you have or how many people you flip off , if your riding a scooter your still a dork . 
Sex and the city 2 ! What a freakin let down . 
Feels like a real mom now . I pulled out Georgias first sliver . 
< PROPFIRST > Cuervo , you just don't taste as good when your clear . 
Perhaps i should move the banana peel before i stick my elbow in it 
Ha ! < PROPFEMALE > just told me that my boobies make good pillows . 
Thinks it bull that her husband can put georgias hair into a high top ponytail and I cant . 
Why can't my hot water heater work . 
Ugh ! I gotta be up at 6 am tomorrow . 
Is amazed that < PROPFIRST > plowed through a bag of chips an hour after they were bought 
When < PROPMALE > met < PROPFEMALE > is on ! YAY ! 
Fingers Crossed ! 
snippage done . no more babies for me and < PROPFIRST > ! 
I love it when my house smells like rain 
Glowing laptop power cord and adventurous 4 year old . Not a good combination . 
Woohoo ! I just ran a mile ! 
Boom Bitch . 2 < PROPMALE > ! 
Not sure what's more pathetic . < PROPFIRST > licking his plate clean after dinner or him holding his goatee out of the way in order to do so . 
God damn stupid fucking washing machine piece of shit ! AAAG ! 
The baby in the carmax commercials is probably the ugliest baby that i have seen . 
So instead of waiting until november for a new part for my washer , we just decided to buy a new one . 
Im in love with my new washing machine 
I miss the days when a product could sell itself and not have to bash the competition in their commercials . 
Went to the dollar movies in sugerhouse then down to dees for dinner with < PROPFIRST > . Was reminded of my teenage years going there with Laya and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hates it when I try to kill a spider and it runs behind the couch . 
Is it just me or has anyone else picked up on the gay undertones in The Fox and The Hound ? 
I think I may have made a huge mistake , letting < PROPFIRST > buy Halo Reach . Damn it . 
Woo hoo ! Twelve pounds down ! Another 10 and i'll be at my goal weight for October ! 
After discovering a the stand of pillow pets at shopko and giving me the puppy face < PROPFEMALE > did not leave the store empty handed . 
southern comfort and coke ! Yes please ! 
Woohoo ! Fall weather at last ! 
I hate watching Cold Case . It always makes me cry . 
Bleh . I don't wanna turn on the heater . 
Mmm . Nothing better then homemade tomato soup on cold days like this . 
It's about 15 degrees colder in my house then it is outside . Sad . 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you ? 
Is more then a little upset that i just forked out 200 bucks to replace the battery in my car only to have some jackwad smash into it the next day . 
R . I . P dear little Civic . 10/21/10 . You were a great car . 
Even though I may have been dragged to Tooele to take family photos that still means I participated , so i'm exempt this year right ? 
Congrats to my great man on his new job . I'm so proud of you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Twenty one pounds down . I feel so much lighter ! 
I'm fed up with my idiotic insurance company ! Anybody like theirs ? i'm thinking of switching . 
Good eats . Now off to sleep so i can wake up at 7 for work . 
I dont care how bad of a mood anyone might be in . I AM NOT a verbal punching bag . 
After a lot of cursing and a few break downs we finally managed to put my tree up . 
I need to finish up my Christmas goodies and finish shopping . Wow . This weekend is going to suck . 
Dear drivers , if there is snow falling from the skies , i beg you ... Turn on your lights ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It was a really good birthday , except for when i learned that i have a minor food allergy and my throat swelled . But it was still good . 
Slicer 1 , < PROPFIRST > 0 . Seven stitches and a quarter gash later my thumb has been replaced by a dull throbbing . 
My baby is 5 today . Sniff . She told me that i cant call her that anymore but she'll be my baby forever . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Getting my stitches out tomorrow ! I'll be so happy to have my thumb back . Now as long as the skin stays together ..... 
Stitches are out ! my thumb split a bit at the top but it will heal . I saw the original doctor who sew me up and he was amazed the the skin healed together , lol ! 
Just wanted to thank all my family who came to Geogias birthday ! She had a blast and was so excited that you all made it ! 
Stupid finger got infected ! GRRR ! 
I get the whole week off work and it sucks ! 
There's a Glee marathon ! 
Wow . Not only do the Black Eyed Peas rip off every single musical artist now they're ripping off Tron . 
Feels like I can't win ! When one problem is fixed another one pops up to replace it ! 
The only part of my body that isn't in pain is my thumb that i almost sliced up . Thats messed up ! 
No longer looks like a giant lobster ! 
I tend to respect everyones views , wether they be the same as mine or not . But if you start spewing discriminating garbage just to get your point across , thats when I get offended ! 
Should never be allowed in a bakery . 
You know your man truly loves you when he lets you eat most of his chips and watches Sex and the City with you . That ... or he's afraid that you'll bite his head off because your hormonal . 
Why do i have to pay almost 700 dollars for a hospital room that i spent an hour in ? I pay the much in rent but i get to stay there for a whole month ! 
I've consumed more tea this week then I have in my entire lifetime . Bleck ! 
Dear snow , F *** off . Thank you . 
Had a crap day . Decided to treat myself with some pizza . I still feel like crap . 
Watched Due Date with < PROPFIRST > last night . I laughed so hard I couldn't swallow the skittles in my mouth . 
A perfect ending to a crappy week ends with the words 100 proof . 
After having the same hair cut for several years i decided it was time for a change . I now have buyers remorse . 
Had an awesome day of shopping . Just wish I could have gotten < PROPFEMALE > to buy something different . Lol ! Just kidding . Love ya sis ! Thanks < PROPMALE > for watching the kids ! 
Today is off to a bad start . I doubt it's going to get any better . 
I told < PROPFEMALE > she was going to get pinched today if she didn't wear green . She replies in a winey voice \I don't like saint Patricks day \"" 
Wants to go bowling next weekend . Who's coming !? 
According to my man , i'm a twitchy little squirrel . 
How is it that a bad hair day can turn into an all around bad day ? 
Watching Megamind with my babies . 
My dear < PROPFEMALE > . Waking up before 7 is not ok . Mommy needs sleep . 
Wonders why I bother watching < PROPFEMALE > anymore . It used to be sweet and charming watching this woman lose all the weight but with more episodes she keeps trying to find out why . Why am I big . How did i get here . Why why why . You like to eat . Plain and simple . Quite trying to blame other things . 
Can''t stop snacking on starburst jelly beans , mmmm ! 
Freakin ' jelly beans ! 
Dear weatherman ... Screw your forecast . 
I guess April is a popular month to but your kid a bed . We get the mattress saturday , we get the bed in 3 weeks . 
