Getting ready to go to my new job in the morning . Finally gonna get a paycheck again . 

In your face , Facebook ! 
Rum and rootbeer is surprisingly tasty . 
Children are a gift to the world . The gift I received from mine was a communicable disease . 
Excited the bug man is coming tomorrow- I've killed 8 blackwidows on the patio in 5 days . Outside is no fun when you feel like you have to watch every step . 
I get to go to court in < PROPMALE > in a few weeks to fight for visitation with my kids . yay . 
Not a bad day ... just finished it off with some badass pork for dinner too ! 
Most oft question posed to me over the weekend by friends and co-workers- Does your mom hate you ? 
I may be elgible for legal aid in the state of TX !! I'll find out today if I get a lawyer or if I'm on my own next week . 
The attorneys can't act quickly enough to help me next week , so I'm on my own for now . We'll have to wait and see what happens in court Tues . Thanks to everyone for the support I've been shown . 
I am having a nice night by the fire with friends . \Jeremy likes this \"" 
These hybrid moments , give me a moment ! 
Happy with the girl who hangs by the fire with me . 
< PROPFIRST > likes a lot of things , but loves the girl who loves his kids and knows how to enjoy a good fire . 
This morning , my alarm went off and I got out of bed-MLIA . 
When my shift was over , I came home- MLIA . 
Home for a boring night ... anyone up for boardgames ?? 
seriously freakin tired ... 
About to cook some chinese food to impress my lady ! 
\How's Annie ? \ " Screw you < PROPMALE >." 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ( not < PROPFEMALE > La Reau ) were Stumbling through the internet and cam across some music . The following ensued ... < PROPFIRST > : Hey , what are you listening to ? Who is that ? < PROPFEMALE > : Ummm ... I dunno ... some guy ... < PROPFIRST > Vedder ??? < PROPFIRST > : ( .... WTF !!... ) 
Twitter . Meh ... If you want to know what's up with me , come ask . Fire , walk with me . 
< PROPMALE > decided we needed a fire to bond around . Its man time ! 
Man time is over . It's officially bedtime for Jack-Jack . I have the fire to myself . 
Well the fire has attacked me . It spit an ember on my shoe , burned through the laces , tongue and then got my foot ! 
Sleep is not coming on fast enough . kick in please , and sleep the night away 
its easter . the day children celebrate christs resurection by hunting eggs and eating the ears off chocolate bunnies . 
I am tired of hearing something banging on the wall . There's nothing outside and no one home but me . 
i said do you speaka my language ? he just smiled and gave me a vegemite sandwich . 
hurry up , today . 
Wants to be a time traveler ! 
The dryer is silent ! A pop tab fell out when I opened the door , and the squealing sounds stopped . ITS A MIRACLE ! 
wishes he could play any instrument truly well . 
ponders , wonders , questions , and wants . 
has a renewed appreciation for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
is waiting . 
Doesnt have the energy to work today . 
on a day like today i really miss our camera . its a shame some schmuck decided he liked it as much as we did and stole it . 
dont ask me , what you know is true . 
was just attacked by a giant moth , in the FACE ! 
should be asleep . 
It's a beautiful day out today ! 
I think I'm finally done with phone calls today ! Now I can give Jack-Jack the attn he's been trying to get while I was talking ... 
licking envelopes can give ur tongue a paper cut : . . 
< PROPMALE > is at the grandparents till Sun . What to do ... 
spam . lovely spam ! wonderful spam ! 
Huzzah for Guitar Hero ! 
Oh Darlin , 
It's another beautiful day ! Wish I could make it to the park . 
When it comes to pooping , if it feels like an emergency , it’s probably an emergency . 
C2H5OH 
Random Walk may be the answer . 
creep 
Happiness is a warm gun . I've had this stuck in my head off and on for 2 days now . 
Really , really likes donuts ! 
everyone , i was hacked . working on clearing this up . 
there are no bad days , and no good days . every day just \is \"." 
feels like crap . 
My phone's apparently useless , so turning it off . 
... hes got the beat . 
sonetimes escape is the only way . 
down to 177 lbs . oh , hello abs ! nice to see you guys ! 
Got the front and back mowed in 45 mins . whew ! 
is not happy his computer wont start . . . because he dropped it . 
moments stolen with you are what i live for . 
I am down to 175 . Cant remember the last time I weighed this little- maybe in high school ? Cleared my way to the home gym and punching bag in the garage . Time for some serious work now ! 
N 
i think i hate this place 
the world is a vampire 
Boognish 
her face had more lines than mirror at club 54 
knowledge increaseth sorrow . 
next up ?? the lucky one . dont think too hard on it- ur all wrong . 
< PROPFEMALE > police are chasing me down . 
first < PROPFEMALE > class in well over a year . it was all ground work and chokes . got to roll for a few mins and found out exactly how bad my cardio is , but that my technique isnt as < PROPMALE > as i thought . recieved plenty of < PROPFEMALE > t burns and my neck will be a bit tender from falls and chokes . all in all , it was pretty ba . 
trained some more last night . its been a long time . didnt realise i had missed the soreness , scrapes and bruises . im pretty < PROPMALE > so i guess i ll have plenty more to look forward to . 
f this s 
another life lesson learned the only way any life lesson is learned- the hard way . 
Like 
Dayman ! ur a master of karate ! 
less of this , and more of that , please . 
Letting everyone know that my phone's in the shop for repairs for about a week . Your calls won't get through to me . 
Suck a fat one spies 
For those of you that don't know , I'm working at Dillards now . MUCH better pay than previously ! If anyone wants some good deals , we're having a big sale in womens shoes tomorrow .... It's an extra 40% off of shoes marked down 70% off the original price . Im talking $12-$20 for some nice things .... Check it out ladies ! 
is chaining it up tonight . Again . 
Just weighed in at 159 ... still losing fat . Need to rebuild those quads , get my cardio back in shape . Thinking about an amateur fight- need to train more . 
Anyone need to get rid of a sprint phone ? mine is dead . 
I'll be doing an amateur fight in the near future . The format will prob be pretty standard MMA stuff . Lots of training to do to get ready . When details are hammered out , I'll say more . 
CMT is playing Gremlins . Something about this just seems inherently wrong to me ... 
woohoo ! 
Haven't done much grappling in awhile . The staff I'm learning from is awesome and I can tell they're gonna get me rollin smooth real fast . Gotta get used to this again though . My neck got cranked hard tonight and will not be feeling good tomorrow . 
Skipping practice tomorrow ... planning to be there Wed . Received a kick last Wed and my leg is still swollen . I cant kick , and cant roll . Standing hurts and any pressure on the leg while rolling would make me tap . I have plenty I can work on from home , but I'll miss the partner work . 
Games ? Check . \ 
Otaku ? Check ! \ 
Nihongo ga dekimasu < PROPFEMALE > ? HAI ! \ 
Pretty freaking cool I say ! 
Kono kanozyo ga tottemo omosiroi da yo . 
Truth be told ... 
my neighbors have a small picnic table with orange legs which is currently upside down making the legs look exactly like the `T` the university of tennessee uses . i dont like this table very much . 
I have the best reason for being awake still . ;-) 
I have an awesome idea ... Its so simple an idiot could have thought of it ! 
hopes people travelling are having a good weekend . 
< PROPFIRST > , thanks man . 
I dont know whats gonna happen today but im gonna make it awesome . 
You put your head here ... I put my head here . 
Ah morning ... we meet again ... 
uhaul will rape your wallet and smile while they do it . 
4 good mornings in a row . Nice . 
for everyone else who is not familiar with rainbow curve in bentonville ... dont drive it at rush hour . 
i need to find out what < PROPFIRST > sheen is doing because right now i am definitely not winning . 
