loves pizza 

Thanks friends I had a nice bday . Now its my moms haha 
A or b day tomorrow ? 
going over to my < PROPMALE>'s house to kick it sober style yall :) 
mentally preparing myself to write an essay ... woo 
this snow is really putting a damper on my dizzay ... 
Math makes me vewy tireddd :( 
Having a bad week .. oh wait nobody cares like usual . Going to go get more prom pictures and actually do my laundry haha . I get to sleep in tomorrow :) 
Very happy & stressfree . Love it when life works out that way . Taken my car in tomorrow to fix my ghetto bumper :p 
Law and order . And other stupid things on my mind that won't go . 
Don't forget to wear sunscreen ... and bring a towel 
6 days left :) 
so happy 1 more day ! to celebrate ... im makin booberry muffins 
shish kabobs on a boat ! 
i still don't know how to work facebook . it kinda sucks . brawlll studios tonight for a local show 5$ come check it out 
Dippin dots and Pepsi for breakfast ... yummy . 
I wanna rent a movie .. any suggestions ? 
Lazyyy .. 
wants to do something different with muh hur .... something crazy . 
Come visit me at the zoooo ride the carosel !! 
Can't sleep .. work tomorrow . In an awesome mood right now . 
i wish more than anything that i could stay optimistic . :( 
Feels like doing something ! What's everybody up to tonight ? 
man is his own worst enemy . 
666 
cutting < PROPMALE>'s hair today ! will post some pictures later :) 
Zooin it up . 
going to see a movie . who's seen any good ones ? 
Sushi . 
seeing lots of family this week . gotta get my happy face on 
Going to lunch with my grandma and great grandpa .. but when I'm done with that who wants to come with me to get shoezzz ? Let's get some shoes . Omg . shoes . 
words can't describe . 
Naps with my kittyyyyyyyy . 
< PROPFEMALE > is not a virtue , its a waste of time ! 
A or b day ? 
text me if you have my numbaa <3 
cars been leaking transmission fluid ... awesome . 
I love how music can trigger a moment and feeling from your memories and how vivid it is , best feeling ever . 
Just got home from work . The zoo had an event and everybody who was invited got free everything and I was the girl who picked up after them ! Labors the best .. :p 
ehhhh sick with the coldness . makin steak and corn ... yummeh . 
Iceberg milkshakes are too good .. 
i love finding bills in my pockets when i'm about to do laundry :) 
1230 wakin . bacon . eggs . toast . 
Happy birthday dad :) 
I can feel my fingers again , kneecaps are still thawing . And btw soren you flicked your blood on my pants ! 
poppin bottles in the ice ... like a blizzard 
wants hot cocoa and little marshmellows while jacuzzing in the snow . 
I'm heartless . 
stressed and exhausted .. i feel like sleeping for a month . :/ life sucks right now . 
What is the purpose of an alarm that doesn't go off when you need it to ?!! Grr .. 
$$ in the bank . 
Taurine + ginseng + caffeine + taurine + l carnitine equals 
Someone come over and make French toast . 
o yes its ladies night . 
No work today hoorayyyy :) 
ill be up up and away cause they gonna judge me anyway\ 
so whatevaa 
Cat naps suck . 
:( being dependent sucks . 
:) only a few more hours till I can say TGIFF !! 
i can't decide whether this weekend was good or one of the worst weekends ever . \ 
i'd say worst weekend ever considering hundreds of dollars of electronics got stolen from me . BUMMER :( 
send me your < PROPFIRST > 
when i think things can't get any worse for me , things go down at the perfect time . 
if africa had a zoo ... what animals would be in it ? \ 
hahaha 
weekend starts now :) 
yeahh girl its on you know what it is when i finally make it home i just home that you miss me a little when im gone . 
hey everybody i know text/call me ! \ 
3218557 . 
screw this im blowin money . 
got a new phone , same number . if you have it TEXT ME ! i need < PROPFIRST > !! 
I swear dreams tell the future in some weird psychological way . Or just predict decisions youre going to make . 
wants to catch some zzzz's 
it's officially never going to be warm again for 5 more months ... \ 
:( 
Naps . 
prestons birthday party tonight ! happy b-day dr. p ! 
Bad luck follows me everywhere i go . This life is a BITCH . 
i just realized that all the ties are cut . 
you said you always wanted flowers , so i brought you flowers FOR YOUR GRAVE ! 
blueberry yum yum :) 
Cozying up by the fire place .... ahh :) 
I'm thankful that I get to eat like a < PROPMALE > and spend this day with amazing people . Happy thanksgiving to my family and friends I hope all is well ! 
can't trust anybody , not even people i've known for years . \ 
disrespectful pricks . 
& they follow me anywhere that my plane go .. 
I need an east boise friend to go on an adventure with me :( 
who wants to match ? 
i walk up in the world and cut the lights off . 
I want to become an avid lucid dreamer . 
pringles ... <3 
3- i don't even know how we met but somehow we've stuck together throughout these couple years . you're hella laid back and awesome to chill with , i miss landons victorian and all the crazy shit that went down there . all that comes to my memory is fun times with you , and you're a lucky bastard i'm playin this stupid game ! but in my opinion you're worth it :) 
Tomorrow will be a success :) workin on my boardin skills ! 
i hate how there's absolutely no privacy on facebook . everything's announced to everybody , a stalkers dream come true . 
gettin a condo at bogus for my b-day ! SO EXCITED ! 
Yelsnia redirg . 
Flower tattoos are extremely unoriginal . 
What would you rather have .. \ 
Your own identity or to be accepted ? 
I had a dream that I was training to become one of santas elves ... 
I'm the dude playin the dude disguised as another dude . 
spending all day in the kitchen makin cookies 
It's been such a good Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
my < PROPFEMALE > is blue ! :) 
Hittin the mountain before I leave today :) 
Road trippin 
Pomerelle snow definitely beats bogus . 
Can't wait for new years < PROPFEMALE > :) then my bday is the next day whaddup biatch 
Friends of mine what's the word about tomorrow night ? Hit up my mobile ! 
New years resolution : be true to myself and don't let people get me down , life goes on . Cheers !! Hopefully everybody had a great year love to my family and friends 
one you never heard of i , push it hard to further the grind i feel like murder but , hip hop has saved my life 
Hates driving all day ! 
sick of bad habits :( they're pesky . 
Do not overrate what you have received , nor envy others . He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind . \ 
-Buddha 
If colds were a person , id massacre it into small pieces and mail them to everybody I hate . 
after watching precious , i can't eat fried chicken ... 
Never take intro to law 
ooo i gotta date tonight ! 
Cupcake wars ! 
i wouldn't touch you with a 39 1/2 inch pole ... you're a three decker sauerkraut and toadstool sandwich , with arsenic sauce ! 
finally made it to 420 friends :) 
let's rock this boat ! :) 
There's a show about who can be the best drag < PROPFEMALE > ? Whaaat ??? 
about to get < PROPMALE > or die tryin ' , see you on the flip side 
Falling asleep to minus the bear , oh how much I've missed you 
you be hatin and i see why cause you dont know me 
METALOCALYPSE . 
somebody sell me their ipod , srsly 
who wants to move to california 
i would die for my cat , period . 
hey , stay < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants to go to bogus ! :( 
a bike ride sounds proficient for an evening like so . 
getting my phone turned back on :) text me ! let's go to the mtn this week ?! 
somebody message me the turnitin.com username/password ! 
the weirdest feeling ever is when you zone out so bad it's like your body is vacant and your mind is hangin ' in mid air ... 
I hope my < PROPFEMALE > comes home :( 
I love it when pessimism doesn't ruin my day :) 
fact : little ceasers sucks . 
the view from my window consists of : foothills that normally go on for days , but since they clouds are so low you can barely see past them . \ 
i love it :) 
Wishes every question had a simple answer :/ 
i'm blowin up like you thought i would\ 
call the crib , same number same hood\ 
its all good 
doesn't it suck when you have a dream about it being summer already and you wake up to realize its 6 in the morning and you have to go to school ? lemme tell ya , < PROPMALE > let down . 
Goin back to honollulu just to get that , that mauii wauiiiiii 
