The < PROPFEMALE > Project - why can't we live like this ? 

Pay it Forward Day - April 29 , 2010 Join in ! 
Humanity is infected with a slave mind program/virus called negativity . That is why we have so much suffering in life . That is why there is so much violence on our planet . Why there is so much greed , war , poverty , depression , oppression , hopelessness , etc . We have bought into the lie that we are not responsible enough or wise enough to think for ourselves . 
Why is it so difficult to attain and maintain a positive state of mind ? In every aspect of life , every established medium of communication , every institution , 99% of social interaction - all are corrupted by the negatively directed/infected human minds that created them . We are literally engulfed in the negativity ! But , we have within us the power to free ourselves and the world . Responsibility = Power ! 
The global monetary system ! How much of our day revolves around thoughts and actions concerning money ? How often does the average person think or say to themself - I can't do this ... I can't buy that ... I can't have this or that because - I don't have money . Who deserves to have great wealth ? Or to live in poverty ? Who decides ? The money system is a slave system for the majority of humanity ! Who controls this system ? 
Imagine what life could be like on this planet , without all the constant concerns about money ! Just try to imagine what it would be like to have everything we need or could even want in life , without money or the idea of possessing things . Imagine a fair world , where people contributed to society , but no one was allowed to have an excess that led to others having less . What would that world be like ? Imagine it ! 
fequency Hz of bliss 
All the great causes of our time , environmental and humanitarian are merely symptoms of our collective negative mindset , the disease that afflicts humanity . We must irradicate the disease to get rid of the symptoms . Awaken to the Power within - accept it , own it ! We are creating our future . 
Plutocracy - rule by the < PROPMALE > , for the < PROPMALE > . The ultra- < PROPMALE > , the elite class , are the true rulers of this planet . This is the ' Old World Order'! We must create a ' New World Order ' , ruled by and for the people . The plutocrats use money/ownership and mind-control as a way of enslaving humanity . Humanity must remove these sources of control . 
If we are on our knees begging for relief from the miseries of life , a special favor , a miracle , we are victims of life . This is the mentality of a slave , a powerless child who refuses to grow up and those who control us in this world , want to keep it that way . To change ourselves and the world , we must get off our knees , take responsibility and learn a positive way of thinking and living - refuse to be that victim . 
Celebrity worship - the Emmys , etc ., is a symptom of a sick minded world . What do these ' special ' people do that people worship them and want to be just like them ? They pretend and for playing a part and being ' attractive ' they earn a fortune . SICK ! These are some of the most superficial , arrogant and egotistical people on the planet . The glitz - BLING could feed a third world nation . What is admirable about that ? 
This is our negative based reality at work :\ 
\- 75% – 90% of all doctor’s office visits are for stress related ailments and complaints . \ " \ 
< PROPFIRST > , think positive and let that energy work in your body ! That is the best way to help yourself heal . \ 
Love , \ 
Mom 
< PROPFIRST>'s out of surgery ... so far , so good . 
