Life is crazy so just trying to get by any way i can 

Not sure what to do about a job I need money . 
Question for everyone . If you were to remake a movie what movie would it be and who would u put in it ? 
Glad to see things are going well with u guys how is Dillion . 
Do not take the comment about Pubic Intoxication to be true i said it as a joke . 
we just had a earthquake . 
Today is a sad day . 
It Karins Bd she is 36 wow thats OLD . 
Have u ever been trying but nobody see that u are ? 
The job market sucks but i will keep looking . 
Going to Kings game tonight playoff game that is . Lets go Kings . 
I am sad the kings lost tonight 5-3 . So i guess my vote will go to the sharks . 
If i said what was on my mind it could scare the whole world for I am demented haha bla bla . 
Just trying to get over some things in life and find the sunshine . 
Talking to < PROPFEMALE > could chear up even the grumpys of people . 
I can not wait till the nhl is back anybody with me go KINGS . And i guess the Bluejackets since i am in this damn state again . 
Today i have been in a good mood . I hope itt stays thay way the rest of the week . 
I love LA 
Life is like a box of choclote you never know what your going to get , 
Life has ups and downs and turn arounds I am in the need of ups right now so come on sunshine come shine through the gloom . 
Better days have to be near . I can see the lucky charms guy and he is at the end of the rainbow . 
Missing LA and all the people there esp cheese girl . 
Life is often dark . But the sun shows through at the times when its looks the worst so always try to keep your head up . Man I need to take my own advice . 
Today is a day to celbrate the good times we had and learn from the bad . Bring on the shots . 
I have a goal to move back to CA . And nobody is ging to stand in the way of my goal so all the no sayers step off . 
Its funny how life works atleast < PROPFEMALE > anyway . 
If anybody can tell me a cheap place to stay for a couple of months in la let me know and by cheap i mean dirt cheap . 
One nation , by the corporations , with the corporations and for the corporations . USA should have that as there pleage . 
http://home.hiwaay.net/~krcool/Astro/ < PROPFEMALE >/< PROPFEMALE > orange/ it kinda cool what it says about the < PROPFEMALE > and its colors 
AS the Freash < PROPMALE > OF Belair said Parents Just don't understand . My think i am an idiot for trying to find a way to stay in LA . But its where I want to bre and do not care that i will be poor.as long as there is a roof food and bills paid whats there prob . 
To prove everybody wrong I can and will make it on my own . 
All I need is encourgement from people not there negitive coments saying I can not make it on my own . 
I belive life has to get better i have finly hit rock bottom . 
I want to know why everyone is against what i want that will make me happy ? 
Am a bit happier that i have to go to la I will have my freedom again . 
Going to be in LA soon hell yes . 
I will be in la tommrow at this time and that will make me happy . And when I see < PROPFEMALE > I will be glad to see her beautfull smile . 
Woops , forgot to log off my FB . 
Got a job a couple days ago going to try it out for a few days and see how it goes . 
Tks everyone for the Bd wishes 
You live you learn you go on and hope to survive . 
Everything can be beautifulll If u look hard enough to find it . 
