Happy New Year .. :) 

No job at Fantastic Sams ... They won't work with my schedule ... :/ 
She cut off all my hair :( :( :( . 
I feel naked without my monroes :( . 
Hmmmm .... staying up through the summer like we own the heat 
Love my < PROPMALE > 
In new mexico ! 
I miss my family . :( 
Phone broke :( No < PROPFIRST > . SEND ? 
I'm in my new houseeeeeeeee 
So exhausted from moving ! But everything is coming together ... finally ! 
Lovin tv and internet after six months ! Hahaha . 
Pretty sure I just got a job at the Walmart Salon . Lots of traffic and a Regis salon ! I'm so excited ! Finally quitting Pizza Hut and doing what I love ! 
Oh my god :( can't sleep with my tummy hurting this bad . :( :( :( 
so excited ! quit pizzahut finally and am gonna be with the family on july 4th 
had a great day at the salon !! 
What's the point of being home more when all my boyfriend does is plays games with the roommate ? 
I love my baby tortoise , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oh I'm stealing this from my friend . Like this if you want me to tell you my favorite thing about you :D I'll be honest . 
Chelly < PROPMALE > status 
I'm so tired . hahahahah . 
I've had the two most picky girls since I've been at work . Wtf :( 
Prescott tomorrow to see the family and < PROPFEMALE > ! Phoenix on Tuesday with < PROPFEMALE > and Mom to get product and a new baby tortoise . 
I'm so done with stupid girls and their stupid games . 
Birthday in two days , woop . 
Maybe for once , I could be with my boyfriend .... yeah , that's funny . 
I colored my hair and look like a friggen < PROPFEMALE > bursts . YUMMMY <3 
Hahaha , woke up the boys and am forcing them to go to Chinese . 
I want my anti brows done ... whatcu think ?? 
God , we need to find another roommate soon .... Anyone know someone interested ? 
I give up . 
Spent too much money today and didn't even get everything I need . 
I can't make up my mind about what I want to be for Halloween ... but I seem to be heading towards a sailor . 
271 days together <3 . I can't believe that in a little over two months it'll be our one year . 
Why am i even here ? Its not like i ever get my boyfriend . 
I wanna go thrift store / yard sale shopping . 
God I'm so bored ... I love that every weekend we don't do anything but have me watch them play games . 
Anyone got at extra full size bed or bigger ? Need it for my extra bedroom ! :) :) :) 
Selling my 97 Ford Escort for 950$ , know anyone interested ? 
:( :( :( :( I just thought < PROPFEMALE > died because I found her upside down and her eyes were open nd she wasn't moving :( :( :( but ... shes just sleeping . 
Yayyy !!! I bought my boyfran his NFL jersey , got me some Ganesha plugs , and a lot of 100 tongue rings . Slammin deal for the price of it all !!! Goodnight 
Piercings twenty dollars !!! I use pre-sterilized ONE TIME use needles and clamps ! I can start once my shipment gets here in a week :) :) :) 
I hate when work calls in one of us on our Monday together ... It's the only day we actually get to see each other during the week . :( 
I'm tired and my leg is killing me :( i feel bad that i'm not social tonight :( 
I love doing hair but i HATE that hair is EVERYWHERE !! in my shoes , boobs , shirt , socks . AHHH >:/ 
Date night my ass . 
beautiful day !!!! 
Just got a call from an old massage client from school ... he wants weekly sessions !!!! :O 
ITS EFFING GORGEOUS RIGHT NOW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick .. I need a reptile doctor . 
I'm sick now :( Ughhhhhh !!! 
Hey phone broke . < PROPFIRST > please ? 
I'm so happy with my man . 
My heart , hope , and soul is with the Chile miners , rescuers , and families today ! May they be rescued safely ! 
Everything is going great and i can't be thankful enough ! :) 
is officially a registered voter for Arizona ! Yay first year of voting ! 
quality time with my quality man . 
My body hurts so bad after four hours of massage and a full day of work :( But everyone was muy feliz ! Until the table broke ... haha . 
so pooped ! Can I please ask for the world to let me take a breath ? :) It's so busy lately !!!! :) 
Going for a drive ... :/ . 
New Mexico wants 200$ to transfer my cosmetology license and I gotta take an open book test . Also , they require licenses for body piercings :O . Same rules for massage .. I think I'll just do my cosmo . :) Everything else on the side . FOSHO :) 
had a GREAT day with my man . He's such a sexy gangster and he bought me a new elephant pillow :D :) . 
My hair is EFFING perfect !!! < PROPFEMALE > is such a great colorist . :) Yay yay yay :) :D <3 
So sleepy today :( going to bed early tonight :) 
I'm being < PROPFEMALE > for Halloween ... you know whats crazy ? She's a red head and her last name is Petersen . WTF ? I'm a darker red head and my names Pedersen :) :) :) 
Lighter blew up in my hand and then I couldn't put it down because it was on fire and I was on carpet . Now my thumb is burnt and it burned my nail off at my tip . :( 
Bought the nice lady across the street a few presents for her nd her < PROPFEMALE > ! Everyone needs an unexpected gift and reminded that they're cared about :) <3 
Statefair with el novio . :) 
Just saw over twenty cops posted up in a mile radious . If you running in Glendale ... They gonna find you ! 
Filled out my early ballot ... pretty confused as to what to put down for half the thing ! Lol :) :) :) 
Can't even have one night . 
Its my Favorite time of year !!!! LOVEEEE IT . I hope we get trick or treaters ... or else Im going out biotch ! What to do after though .... 
You make me want to punch baby water buffalo ! 
WHERE ARE ALL MY TRICK OR TREATERS ??? 
Best friend tonight and tomorrow :) . I'm so excited <333 e 
Kind of disappointed about the leads in the election ... but some good decisions were made ! 
Do good things and good things really do happen to you :) 
Yay finally getting a tv for my room so I can have my own time . 
Can't sleep :( 
Couldnt sleep all night ... tossed and turned . And i had the worst nightmares ever 
Yayyyyy , tiempo con mi marido . <3 
Taking care of my sick baby . 
I feel like poop ... and so does the man . 
Fry that hair girl ! Argue with me and see what happens .... 
Great ... El novio got me sick . 
I'm so sick of people lately that I am completely ignoring them by accident .... woops ? 
With the family ! <33333 
I want more/new ink :( :( :( 
Went to work to find the salon flooded :( ... Its gonna be an interesting day . :) 
More ink tomorrow :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D AH ! 
I love the movie Don't mess with the Zohan ... probably because I'm a hair dresser . Baha . 
Hahaha ... whoever just called ... thx ! That was entertaining and I have no idea who you are . Creep scale : 7 ! 
And let the madness begin ! First two out of a 30 people thanksgiving are here tonight ... another 7 tomorrow ... and the < PROPFIRST > arent gonna stop ! :D 
Family time is crazy time ! The house is already full ! hahahah . :) :) Having a great time ! 
has been cooking and cleaning and running around like a chicken since 6am ! I can hardly keep my eyes open .. but I had one of the best Thanksgivings ever . 
Ugh :( sick . Muy infermo :( 
I can't tell you how much I love < PROPMALE > Potter . HAHA , nerd . 
Best friend starts work with me tomorrow :D :D :D :D <3 ! 
Just took out my right antibrow ... can't stop crying . It looks soooo horrible :( :( :( :( 
I got decent tips today and saw a homeless couple at a stop sign with a sign so i doubled back and gave em a few bucks . Happy holidays ... 
I hurt as bad as the day you died ... \you hurt because you're alive \"." 
We need to get our tree and lights and decorations :( :( ! Christmas is coming so soon ... :) :) 
I never want to help people out again . Anytime we do it seems we're three steps back from where we were . 
I just want to go home :( . 
Just got off the phone with my mom ... talked for about 3 hours :) . 
My inner girl is starting to truly be effected by living in a bachelor pad . Haha ....? 
Sick :( Wish I wasn't man ! 
Everythings gonna work out ... please ? 
Ugh ... came home from work sick . Running a temperature but freezing my butt off ... Having hot flashes and can't hear through my right ear . Lol . :( 
Best friends car isn't starting ... my cell phone disappeared completely ... and I'm still sick . What a crappy ass morning ... :( 
Woooo ! Phone finally found after a whole day of searching .... Vanessa's car took a shit and needs to be towed back to Prescott ... Honda car ran out of battery ... HAHAHA what a day man ... Time for some ice cream . But looks like everything happens with a backup . Thank gosh !!! 
I'm so sick of everyone being assholes . 
I hella feel like throwing up . 
\Gay and asian ? The gaysian .... I had a gaysian friend one time ... he was funny ! \ " HAHAHAHA " 
I wish i knew the nastiest word in human vocabulary because that's how I feel about you . 
The anti brows are officially done ... and my face officially horribly scarred ... Great . :( 
Going to Prescott to get the black car looked at and (?) fixed (?) :) And gets to see the family .... yay . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Come get your hair done , okay ? Okay :) 
We weren't going to have Christmas this year ... but we cracked and bumped ourself more into debt . Haha , doing my last minute secret shopping for el novio . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Having a great morning with the family . So blessed to have the relations we do . 
Hahahahahaa ... Great game tonight . GREAT game ! 
had the best Christmas I've ever had . I absolutely love my family . 
Turns out the car needs more work ... a new power steering hose and 150 dollars 
\You cant please everyone and not everyone's gonna like you ... just focus on the ones who matter and fuck the rest . \"" 
< PROPMALE > and I finally figred out how we knew < PROPFIRST > Garcia . Rest in peace man , you were a caring boy . 
There is snow everywhere !!! Its like a winter wonderland with my best friend ! 
I can't wait to move . :) 
I love parents ; whether they're mine or a close friends ... sometimes their love and hospitality is the only thing that can make you feel better . 
I'm beginning to have a hard time reading things on our POS at work and print on products ... guess it's time to start wearing those glasses full time . 
Ew boring lazy ass day . I wish I could have been home with the family . It's okay , I'll be there on Friday for Dad's birthday . 
I miss music ... I haven't been able to find what I like lately . Stupid auto synthesizer . :/ 
Crazy things happening in Arizona ! So sad . National Moment of Silence tomorrow at 9am ( our time ) . <3 All of my hopes and prayers go to the families and victims effected by all these shootings . <3 
Please keep your prayers open ... Not only for the victims of the Tuscon shooting but for < PROPMALE>'s brother who is in critical condition . 
Hahahaha ! My boyfriend has spread his habit between me and my other two roommates of leaving our shoes in the kitchen and dining room . Hahaha , you walk through and there's shoes everywhere hahaha ! 
We had to put my dog Sugar down yesterday ... she was 15 years old ... had her ever since I moved to Prescott . :'( ... sad face ... ;( 
I know we need the money ... but I miss mi novio :/ . 
First afternoon with < PROPMALE > in a long time . 
Buttless chaps just walked in the door . MMMMbaby ! 
I bet the boys in the house are happy ! I've lost my voice completely ... hahah . :) 
Totally the sickest I have been in years :( 
I think going to work today may have been a bad idea ... the longer im here the worse i feel 
Do you ever have nights where everything just scares you ? Haha :( ahhh :( 
< PROPMALE > and I realized we realllly want a puppy :( ! 
I just want to be left out of things damnit ! 
In so much pain .... just had my smiley knoked and ripped out of my mouth .... Ouchhhhh 
Can't sleep ... In too much pain from the smily ; it hurts to even breathe . All the webbing is gone . 
Superbowel party ... hell ya . Mikes hard lemonade thank you for making black < PROPFEMALE > lemonade MMMMMmmmm :) 
Rockin the shades , bumpin the stereo , speeding the curves .... Going home to reset . 
Dear March 29th , PLEASE GET HERE FASTER !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Spears <3 <3 <3 
I want a big floppy hat this summer ! Theres a cute one I found with a flower ... hahah . 
Nothing like moms cookin to make me feel better :) 
I love my job ! I seriously am in love with what I do . 
Had a great valentines day but for once I wish that it could be just us . Ughhhh >:( 
Trying hard to at least learn the basics of Spanish ! Getting some everyday phrases for work memorized . It's working because yesterday I had my first client interaction and understood about half of what she was saying . d :) 
Cloris Leachman vs < PROPFEMALE > White ... I'm torn . 
These next two days might be the best time of my life . <3 I love my boyfriend ... 
Dear over drafting fee , BOOOOOOO . :( 
Facebook : I wish you would let me put a emoticon next to my status . :( Hahaha . I like happy faces . :) 
It really bugs me when I clean the house one day and then wake up the next and its fucking trashed . And lights are left on all fucking night >:( 
I need a dog or a cat that will let me bitch to them about other people . Hahahaha , I would feel so much better and facebook would have less bitch posts from me . :) 
So I figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\ " . I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap . It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove \"." 
Don't worry about a thing because every little thing is gonna be alright . <3 
A lot of horrible things happened today , we're keeping our prayers open for all <3 . :( 
Might have to get a new TV ... a game screen was left on and its been almost an hour and you can still read the text . :( 
We need to borrow a truck to take our TV to Prescott ... anyone wanna help ? :( 
Had the best time with my boyfriend an best friend ! Kissed giraffes and stuffed our faces ... laughed so hard I cried . :) 
I've decided once I'm finished my lady , I really want to put some < PROPFEMALE > de los muertos girl artwork somewhere ... Hmmmm , maybe my leg . 
Seriously ? We had an earthquake ?! How come we didn't feel it at the salon ? 
The countdown is on ... 14 days :) 
I am ABSOLUTELY in love with the new < PROPFEMALE > Spears album . 12 days to go !!!! 
Had a great night ! :) 
Just spent over 100 dollars getting a new battery for the Honda ... tomorrow spending 600 on new tires . FML !!!!!! 
