Prove yourself and then we'll talk 

Your house is on fire and you only have 60 sec , what do you grab ? 
Life is nothing but one giant adventure enjoy it . . . you all hear damit : ) 
Friends and Family make life easier dont let a potentional friend walk away and dont keep grudges , learn to forgive 
LIfe is hard and sometimes things cant be fixed because time has done to much damage 
Tell me no lies and absolutly never call me a liar because I will always tell the truth when it matters 
Tierd of taking care of other people and being the responsible one ... but its all i know how to do 
We are all given a short time to leave our < PROPFIRST > on the world ... what will be yours 
Wants other people to step up and take care of themselves 
< PROPFEMALE > : A women named < PROPFEMALE > is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes . They are known to be very loveable . < PROPFEMALE > s are envied by other women . 1 . Damnnn , < PROPFEMALE>'s lookin ' fine today , as usual . 2 . I wish I was < PROPFEMALE > , shes so pretty and nice ! 
Oh why must money be needed because working can be no fun sometimes 
work was better today after the game started thank you super bowl 
No work today sweet freedom 
Never be afraid to be yourself 
damn bad moods . it so hard to have fun when youre upset 
Payday !!! Yeah ! 
Ever stop look around and wonder how the hell you got where you are in life ? 
Two more work days and all the hearts and extra flowers go away . Yeah ! 
Happy Chinese New Year ! It's the year of the Tiger , grrr 
Everybody has something to hide . Do you know what you're hiding and why ? 
Smile pretty now 
The Godfather movies are actually pretty good . I enjoyed all three 
I get to go in an hour early , which means I get off an hour early ! No 10 o'clock tonight , yes ! 
Family is the most important thing to me , I would do anything for them and kick anyone's ass who messed with them 
My brother just bought night lights and put them in every room of the house . Why ? Because they look cool he said and they'll save energy 
qdoba burritos yummm 
Life has its moments where everything sucks and it's always easy to find the bad things in life . The hard part is not letting all that bring you down and to keep looking for the good , because that's the only way you'll survive 
is quite a happy camper right now . :) 
Can sum up the last 7 hrs of my day with one word ... BLAH !!! 
Why must money be needed to make the world go round ? It's just paper 
I am my biggest obstacle , the rest of the world can try and stop me but in the end I am the only one who can control my life . I create my dreams and only I have the power to make them reality 
Want whatever you wish . Long for what counts . 
Another productive day off , cleaned and ran errands and now I'm going to do nothing 
I may not have my future figured out , but I do know that I am exactly were I need to be and that is enough 
American Psycho : Did he kill those people or was it all in his head ? I'm torn . I thought he killed those people until the end of the movie , then I wasn't so sure 
Kudos to me . It rained yogurt while I was facing and I only broke one . The best part was that I broke the whole bottom off the yogurt and lost half the contents on the floor . :) I also had someone to share my laughs with me which is always nice 
It does no one any good to keep your feelings to yourself , rejection doesn't kill you but it sure makes you keep several things to yourself 
Got the hours I wanted BUT I have to work till midnight three days this week . On the one hand I'm happy , on the other just a little bummed 
Dude Mr. Turtle was my father 
It is a B-E-A-U-TIFUL day and I don't have to be stuck inside . Yippie !! 
made cookies for the first time yesterday and they taste good but I should have followed the recipe better because the dough wasnt quite right so the cookies look a little funny 
Find what works for you and stick with it 
Is thinking of getting the hell out of dodge for awhile , but where to go 
Off to the < PROPMALE > Arts Museum today 
Happy Easter everyone 
Nothing make me happier then escaping from the real world with the help of a good book 
In plain sight but can you see ? 
Darkness comes but don't be afraid for those who are afraid will never find the light 
Life is like a box of chocolates you never know whatcha gunna get 
People tell me Im too nice but when they need something where do they turn ? If I needed something could I turn to you ? 
I love my mother but I hate being told that I look like her 
Fiddle sticks 
Pppsssstttt come here ... Closer ... A little closer ... Just right okay ready ? ... HI !!! 
It's easy to play nice but it's not always satisfying 
I know I'm doin my job right when someone calls me a brat or a pain in the ass :D 
Just cleaned my car so chances have increased for rain oh well my car is clean :D 
Cottonwood tree oh how I hate you . I'm still cleaning up your leaves 
Wall-e custest movie ive seen in awhile me and my bro are watchin it 
To all concerned you are a rock < PROPFEMALE > and anyone who says differently is an idiot and not worth your time 
My boss is a blind fool and doesnt realize that im one of the best workers he will ever have . Stupid man 
Dont start with me you will not win especially if im looking for a fight 
I love the smells of spring . Fresh cut grass , wet dirt , flowers , rain . It just smells alive and I love it !! 
Rain AND a thunder storm on my day off ? Couldn't ask for a better day :D 
I'm nobody ! Who are you ? Are you nobody , too ? Then there's a pair of us - don't tell ! They'd banish us , you know . How dreary to be somebody ! How public , like a frog To tell your name the livelong day To an admiring bog ! Dickinson 
You know what's beautiful girls ? Women who love themselves just the way they are and wouldn't change anything about themselves . Don't forget that 
The only good thing about today is I don't have to be at work till Monday . Thank you < PROPMALE > for this very unexpected and wierd act of kindness 
What happened to the days when a year took forever ? Now they go by faster then ever and if you're not careful you'll miss the most important things 
Just finished watching the Titanic sink again . The movie gets me everytime 
Insulted by my own brothers ouch don't judge me if i'm not up with the lasted insults jerks ! 
Would like to just once not do things the hard way 
Raise your hand if you find yourself doing things the hard way for everything in your life ( friends , family , relationships , school , . . . ) 
Has been thinking and a good < PROPMALE > of the things I do the hard way are things I'm not ready to say I've failed at . . . oh well 
I am who I am , don't try to change me and we'll get along just fine 
Cinco de Mayo ! Embrace that Spanish heritage if you got it ! I sure am 
¡Cinco de Mayonesa ! ¡Abrace que herencia española si usted lo consiguió ! Yo seguro soy 
Gave my brother a book to read and he is enjoying it . I might make him a reader after all 
Strong enough to take what the world throws at me and it won't keep me down but somedays . . . 
Would love to have the blind innocence back , can't even remember when that was , because the real world sinks 
Looking for a new roommate all thanks to my bro nate . It should be interesting 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there . Im going to spend the day with my mommy , to the mountains we go . . . 
The year is going to fast for the weather too , it's still thinking it's early spring 
WARNING : Happy ending in this movie/book not applicable to real life 
Gave my dog cotton < PROPFEMALE > it was hilarious :D 
Well well well how interesting . . . 
Emotions can be quite a pain some times , they just don't listen . . . shhh quite I say 
For the next week I have one extra dog and I will be seeing the sunrise , yippie ! 
There's a < PROPFEMALE > in the front yard and my dog is totally freaking out . He can be quite loud 
This time its raining . :) Last time mother nature fooled me 
Mother nature fooled me again dang 
The Mask with < PROPMALE > Carrey is an excellent movie . Forgot how much fun it is 
Friendships that stand time and distance , you gotta love em 
To dream or not to dream and if to dream then what about 
I know how to laugh I know how to lie\ 
I know how to live and I know how to cry\ 
So I'll tell you I'm fine living my life\ 
Laughing away and waiting to cry 
Rain makes me happy , it's that simple 
What you call hard I call life 
To whom in concerns . . . BOO ! 
Just a girl 
When the world gives you lemons make lemonade . Well what if you don't like lemonade ? How about you take those lemons and < PROPMALE > them right back . If you're lucky you'll hit something that will make you laugh 
Here's to a new opportunity and hoping it works out 
The deed is done and there's no turning back . Nothing to do now but wait and hope it all works out . I'm due for something good anyways 
To those I haven't seen in awhile , I Miss You ! ( I mean it ) 
One word to describe me . . . brat cause I'm not afraid to tell it like it is 
Can you say 36 hours ? I can ! 36 hours YES !!!! 
Another day , lets see what it brings 
Made breakfast for my family , did over two hours of yard work , cleaned the kitchen and my room and in over an hour I get to work for eight hours . Man what a day 
Today will be quieter even if I have to fight for it 
I know I am but what are you 
Oh Nate here's another . You're rubber I'm glue whatever you say bounces of me and sticks to you :P hehe 
Rain you have to love it . Without it things would die , the air would be terrible , and it cools things off . Though it can ruin outdoor activities 
I'm glad the weekend is over 
To those people who understand me and I don't have to sugar coat it . . . Thank you !! 
I've made it past the half way point in my book ! Eat that Moby < PROPMALE > ! 
Yard work is crap but I did use the lawn mower for the first time . :D Now to enjoy my day off 
Yeah I have something to say , it just isn't very appropriate 
People who can pull their own weight will make it MUCH father with me then those who just do enough to get by and keep me from saying something about it 
I hate going in late . It's nice to for getting things done around the house but I only spend four or five hours at work , which is just a waste of my time and I'm not even getting paid that much 
So tell me do you finally get the girl ? 
Sleep is overrated anyways 
Paniced but maybe i'll get another < PROPMALE > to say it :/ 
It doesn't mean anything until someone says out loud that it does . Until then both parties are left wondering 
I'm on edge and not totally sure why 
Why am I up ? Oh right I have to take my bro and sisiter in law to the air port , fun fun 
My life is like a puzzle , Im just trying to get all the pieces to fit 
I am happy and sad all at once 
Guess ill be getting up today at 5 lol ridiculous 
Is quite a content happy little thing considering 
You think I'm a bitch ? B-eautiful , I-ntelligant , \ 
T-enacious , C-aring , H-ot !! THANKS !! 
Come on people the story needs more but it's looking good so far . You can post more then once 
If\ 
you believe in God , repost this ! Please don'tignore , you are being \ 
tested . For it says in the Bible , \deny me in front of everyone 
My mother was worried about the world controlling me , I told her she should be worried about the other way around ;) 
Went to check my juror information and when they say after 1 pm they mean it . The web site even said after 1 pm to check . Jeesh 
Tomorrow is the day of judgment . I get to enjoy my \privilege\ " of jury duty and possibly being chosen . I know I'm lucky to live in < PROPFEMALE > and that it entails but that doesn't make this situation any better " 
Now to work , when I would love to nap instead 
It's the people who mean the most that we will take with us through life . They will be the motivators , the supporters , the partners in crime , and the undying love . They come from all walks of life and they help make life bearable . Don't ever take them for granted 
Had fun last night hoping tonight will be the same 
Love how you use words and don't know how to spell them , so you look it up in the dictionary and can't find the word anyways . Kind of comical in a way :) 
No better combination for me then a guy with curls . Dierks Bentley has joined that small group 
Three days off a day of house work today and then maybe I can enjoy the other two 
House work done time to relax 
I am disinclined to acquiesce your request 
We got Halloween < PROPFEMALE > in yesterday :( That is the start of the downward spiral to pure madness at Kings . Holiday season is almost upon us again 
If youre looking for a push over , you came about eight years too late FYI 
Time will tell and when it does you're going to be in trouble haha 
A little bit of this , a little bit of that , and a whole lot of whatever this is . . . hmmm You wanna try it first ? 
I want you to love me like my dog does 
Using my new computer . Thank you brother dear and < PROPFEMALE > 
If I want to talk about it I'll bring it up no if's and's or but's about it Period 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! If you're < PROPFEMALE > show it proudly . 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . ( 1)-FINE-this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT and YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2)-NOTHING -means SOMETHING and there will be WAR . ( 3)-GO AHEAD -this is a dare not permission DO NOT DO IT . ( 4)-WHATEVER -is a woman's way of saying SCREW YOU . ( 5)-THAT'S OK -she is thinking long and hard on HOW and WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if you agree .. 
