Karaoke Tonight ( Thursday ) at Champps Northside 10 PM 

New Show ! Wednesdays at the Wild Beaver Saloon on Broad Ripple ! 9pm - 1am . Great drink specials ,,, I'm going to have brand new karaoke books printed and ready ! See ya there ! 
Tonight Karaoke @ Champps , Keystone at the crossing . Starting around 9pm ! 
Come Sing tonight at Champps , Keystone at the crossing ! 10pm-2am lots of chances to sing compared to my Broad Ripple Shows ... 
Karaoke at Peppers , 56th and Post with < PROPFIRST > Longworth ! The Sing now light is on !!! 
Karaoke tonight at the Moose ! Starting at 10 pm ! All youse guys that were too busy doing other stuff last night get another < PROPMALE > to sing ! See you there ! 
Singers ! Get ye to the moose ! 
Karaoke at the Wild Beaver Broad Ripple starting soon ... get < PROPFEMALE > keester down here ! 
Karaoke NOW at Peppers , 56th and Post !!! What are you waiting for ?! 
Time to wash the windows ! And clean a couple decks ... All on no sleep ! 
Monkey Idol finals tonight ! See our 18 finalists fight it out for $1000 in prizes ! There are some amazingly talented people this time around , come see who wins all the marbles ! 
Karaoke at Champps , keystone at the crossing ... 10- 1:30 http://tinyurl.com/y798wca 
Karaoke now ! At Peppers , 56th and Post behind the IHOP ! Now- 2am 
Just a couple hours left at the @WildBeaverBar Broad Ripple for karaoke .. Get here ! http://tinyurl.com/23so6ej 
Tonight ! Karaoke at Peppers , 56th and Post behind the IHOP from 10pm 2am come out and SING ! 
Off tonight ... and tomorrow ! 
Karaoke tonight at Peppers Brew Garden , 56th and Post behind the IHOP ... the FUN Starts at 10pm ! 
Karaoke now at the Monkeys Tale .. http://tinyurl.com/2g9kfku 
I'm at Abex Indiana LLP 
Karaoke tonight at the Monkey's tale !!! Yes Wednesday ! 9pm ... and it's open karaoke ,, Monkey Idol V has begun .. Be there sunday for that also ! 
Tonight ! Retro karaoke at OPTs ! Come celebrate their 20th anniversary open at 3 , party starts at 6 , I'll be playing some tunes , and you'll get a < PROPMALE > to sing too ! See ya there ! 
OPTs 20th anniversary party tonight !!! The fun starts at now ! Karaoke at 9 ! 
Work work work ... (@ ABEX Indiana LLP ) 
Listen in to old karaoke shows ... http://ww.icyshout.com/cento/start/dochoban and click on the tune in icon to match your player ... I suggest windows media player ... But that's just me .... Also karaoke at the monkeys tale Wednesday at 9 
Next feed coming soon ... I didn't cut the silence off the end of that show ... 
I'm at Bubba's Garage 
I'm at ABEX Indiana LLP 
Listen to last weeks Peppers show ! 
Moose 2138 hog roast today .. live band , lots of roasted hog , then Karaoke with me syarting at 10 52nd and Keystone behind the McDonalds ! 
Dammit ! I can't straighten my arms ... Or bend them completely either ... Too much scrubbin'! Not to worry ... I'll be at the tale tonight as always ... Might not be there next week though , might spend the 4th with the family .. And take a kinda vacation . My last vacation was in 2006 don't suppose a couple days will hurt . 
Karaoke !!! 
I won't be at the Tale tonight ... pop in anyway and see what's going on ! 
Big secret location 4th of July party !!! (@ Here ) 
Ok ,,, should be running correctly now .. 
Ok ,,, should be running correctly now.www.dougierocks.com then go to listen now .. click the icons .. the second one should work great ... if not try the others .. working on pictures now too ! 
Show running ... Should have updated sooner , but the contest part is going now ! Www . Dougierocks.com 
What's for breakfast !? 
I think the raiin has passed .. Monkry Idol on the patio ... the Monkeys 
I think the raiin has passed .. Monkry Idol on the patio ... the Monkeys Tale in Broad Ripple .. startoing at 9ish .. come on out ! 
Open karaoke Wednesday at the Monkeys Tale !!! 9pm-1am come practice for the contest Sunday ! Or it's a great time to sing if you aren't conte 
Karaoke tonightt at the Monkeys Tale .. looks like we are going outside right now .. see what it looks like at start time 
Just saved $$$ by pulling my own troublesome tooth .. We'll see if it was a good idea or not in the morning .. 
I'll be at the moose and running by 11 ... I have a party beforehand ... Be there and ready ! 
Open karaoke tonight at the monkeys tale ! Contest will resume next week ! Come and be ready to sing ! And listen to some great singers ! It's getting cool out , come prepared to sing until 3am ! 
Karaoke still happening on the deck at the monkeys tale , it's chilly , but we are rocking ! 
Karaoke still going on the deck at the Monkeys Tale .... Not for long .. 
Karaoke at Peppers ! 
Open karaoke tonight at the Monkeys Tale ! 9:30 - 1:30 ... C'mon! 
Karaoke at the monkeys tale !! Ready to run ! Be late to work tomorrow ! 
Headed to Peppers Brew Garden , 56th and Post ... Karaoke starts at 10 ! 
Tonights Monkey idol Winner is < PROPMALE > ! He took the $50 and the trophy ! It gets more amazing every week ! The finals are October 10th ... The 18 weekly winners will compete for $1000 and the giant trophy ! Come participate every Sunday , open karaoke on Wednesdays ... Come practice for the contest or just sing ! The Monkeys Tale , 925 Westfield Blvd in Broad Ripple ! 
Karaoke starts at 10pm ! Peppers , 56th and Post , behind the IHOP ! Come sing ! 
Karaoke ! You know where ... Peppers Brew Garden ! 
Karaoke at the monkeys tale ! Tonight ! 9:30 - ??? 
Packed and out in 15 minutes ! Wheee ! Saturday karaoke at the tale starting at 9pm ! No contest , just singing ! 
Ahhh another bowl of steaming gruel for breakfast ... yummy ! 
Just fogged the neighborhood cleaning my fog machine ... Ready for the weekends parties , and Monkey Idol V on Sunday ! Halloween special coming soon ! 
Karaoke tonight at Peppers at the Fort ! Come sing all your favorite songs .. From 10pm-2am just like always ... 
A great karaoke night at Peppers ! Thanks to all my singers ! I have a class reunion tomorrow , and SUNDAY the Monkey Idol V finals at the Monkeys Tale ! Show starts early , come see the fierce competition as 20 contestants vie for the $1000 grand prize ! 
Monkey Idol V Finals SUNDAY October 10th at the Monkeys Tale ! Come see our 20 finalists sing for the $1000 grand prize ! 
Friday Karaoke at Peppers Brew Garden and eatery ! Starting at 10pm ! Be there and ready to SING ! ( this means YOU ! I really mean it ! Don't make me come looking for you ! Or I'll call Nikolai and activate him using the secret word .... Then you'll wish you had just come along peacefully ) 
Ok ! It's a party ! The cops are here ! 
Bowers and < PROPFIRST > Weekes from Morty's comedy club ... Singing ! We are still going strong ! 
Incredible night at the Tale ! Unbelieveably good singers ... Still packed at 3am .. Be here Wednesday to do it all over again ! 
Karaoke tonight at The monkeys tale ! Be there and Sing !!! 
Just so ya know , I'm getting there as fast as I can ! 
Monkey Idol 6 is underway ! 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > Slone ! Our Monkey idol 6 week one winner ! 
friday karaoke at Peppers ! be there at 10 , sing until 2am ! last week was great ! don't miss this weeks show ! 
After short exposure , I am reminded why i 
After short exposure , I am reminded why I avoid watching TV ... The Today show is ok , but the promos Gosh ,, I can'r repeat the silliness as fast as it comes at me ... 13 nervous women marrry Jesus Christ ,, Mista beeen in Utah . A woman who married a man imprisoned for life without parole ... 
After short exposure , I am reminded why I avoid watching TV ... The Today show is ok , but the promos Gosh ,, I can't repeat the silliness as fast as it comes at me ... 13 nervous women marrry Jesus Christ .. Musta beeen in Utah . A woman who married a man imprisoned for life without parole ... for double murder ... 
Kanye West at the < PROPFEMALE>'s thanksgiving day parade . I can't wait until he\ 
jumps up and grabs the microphone away from < PROPFEMALE > and starts spouting\ 
about how it's all about the turkey ... Sorry about the partial posts , it kept sending before I was ready 
Karaoke tonight at the Monkeys Tale !!! Stuff yourself with Turkey , then come sing ! What else is there to do ? Stay up and shop at 3am ... 
Lovely ! < PROPFIRST > failure on thanksgiving ? Really ? Taking it apart in hopes of drying it out and getting to karaoke tonight ... Wheee ! Happy turkey day all ! 
One more hour of karaoke at the Moose ! 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , tonights monkey idol winner ! 
Your boss has been complaining about me keeping you out all night ... New karaoke hours !!! 8pm-midnight on Wednesdays ! I'm done at midnight ... No whining ! 
Tonights Monkey Idol winner is < PROPMALE > Smith !!! He took home the $50 and the trophy ! Come practice on Wednesdays .. And be here for the contest next Sunday ... 
Peppers Brew Garden tonight ! 56th and Post Road ! Starting at 10 !!! Last week was great ! Can we do it again this week ? YES ! 
Thanks all for another amazing Peppers Friday night ! You guys ROCK ! 
Ok ! Looks like we are ON for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > karaoke at Peppers ! Come on in ! I might start and end a little earlier than usual , I will keep you updated ! 
I hate it when my < PROPFIRST > won't start .... 
Karaoke starts at 9:30 ! 
Karaoke cancelled last minute ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Starvin ' ... Nothing sounds good . I'm headed for the Monkeys tale , any ideas ? 
Karaoke and Basketball tonight at Peppers brew garden , 56th and Post ! BBall starts early , karaoke at 10 ! See ya there ! 
Peppers is Rockin'! Since I didn't have time to eat today , besides a spoonful of peanut butter , I think it's going to be IHOP after I'm done ... Join me ! Sing now , dine later ! 
Watch karaoke LIVE from my iPhone 3GS ! \ : http://lnk.ms/HqStk " 
I woke up in a B-rip doorway , the policeman knew my name .... 
Karaoke tonight at the tale ... As always ! Come by and sing us a few ! I'm headed there now ! 
Karaoke at Peppers Brew Garden starts at 10 ! 56th and Post behind the IHOP ! Come sing ! 
No karaoke tonight ... Crappy ... 
Karaoke Tonight at Peppers Brew Garden , 56th and Post Rd ., behind the IHOP ! We start at 10 ... be there early ! 
I shoulda taken a nap ... Three or four hours of busting ice can really wear ya down ... I'll sleep good tonight ! In the mean time come sing at Peppers ! 
Also noticed after working ( which I'm really not used to ) I smoke way less ... Good thing I don't have to do that very often ! Karaoke suits me much better 
No contest tonight ... But karaoke to your hearts content ! Starting at 10pm .. 
I can't decide if I should prohibit , or encourage singing of the classic songs misappropriated for superbowl advertising ... 
There is ice falling from the sky .... Again 
Getting from the < PROPFIRST > to the house was one of the most challenging things I've done in a very long time ... 
Too much coffee got me all revved up ! 
Before you know it , it'll be karaoke on the patio at the Tale !!! 
Karaoke tonight at the tale ! Getting started at 10 ! Come out ! 
Only two regulars tonight ... Where did all these other amazing people come from ? Wow ... 
Karaoke tonight at Peppers , 56th and Post behind the IHOP ... Be there at 10 to sing ! 
Watching E.T. About made me ill ... Beiber must be eliminated .. 
30 new singers tonight ... Most excellent ... Still the best karaoke in B-rip ... No the best karaoke in Indianapolis !... I can't wait until it's nice enough to start outside !!! 
Peppers Brew Garden TONIGHT !... Get there early and try their great menu ... Have a few drinks and be ready to sing at 10pm ! 
Vote for the Monkeys Tale in the MetromixIndy 2011 Awards ! #bestof2011 http://t.co/s3s1Br4 
26 singers ... And that's before the contest even started .. It's going to be a good one ! 
Friends Friends Friends ! Monkey Idol tonight ! Just a few weeks to get into the finals ! Be there tonight around 10 ! Win $50 tonight , And the < PROPMALE > to come back and try for $1000 in about a month ! See ya there ! 
Karaoke tonight at Peppers Brew Garden and eatery ! 56th and Post , behind the IHOP ! The fun starts at 10 ! 
Wha happened ? That last hour just flew by ... 
Karaoke starts in one hour ! The Monkeys Tale is the place !!! 
I was just called the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > of karaoke .. Thanks < PROPMALE > ... I guess . 
Sleep(part one ) , barely over two hours ... Let's try this again ... 
I just listened to < PROPMALE > sing OMG like 20 times ... It was karaoke magic ... You can hear the crowd going nuts in the background ( which normally isn't easy to do ) . Lots of amazing singers , I wonder who will come up next . I'm probably going to start up the Internet radio again in a week or so . I'll tell you where to tune in once I have finalized the details . 
I should probably mention that tonight is YOUR turn to show off ... At the Monkeys Tale in Broad Ripple ! 925 Westfield Blvd . We start at 10pm ! 
