Heading back to that thing I do on Thursday , Friday & Saturday nights ! ( trying not to overuse that word ! ) . Hope everyone has a safe and happy New Year's! 

There's a giant ( relatively ) swarm of < PROPFEMALE > bees in the apple tree in my front yard . Cool to have our own bees , but a little nerve-wracking since I'm allergic ! Guy , I'm sure you know what to do about this ! 
Ha ! Points to me for finding the solution to the < PROPFEMALE > problem myself ! Googled \Southern Oregon Beekeepers Association\ " . Literally 15 minutes later I had a guy named < PROPMALE > here shaking the < PROPFEMALE > off the tree into a cardboard box . His cojones are WAY bigger " 
Back from yet another whirlwind trip to Portland and back . Mission accomplished , but , boy , is my body tired ! 
Trying to finish my coffee and motivate to get to my last night at work for the week . Ugh . I woke up feeling like I've been hit by a train after the 13-1/2 hr non-stop-to-breathe that we did last night . Lord , give me strength , and lots of Excedrin , tonigh 
Hubby & I had some great sushi last night at Shiki along with a surprise belly dancing extravaganza . GP is always full of surprises ! Then , came home & discovered one of my favorite TV shows had it's series premiere on Friday ( I LOVE DVR ! ) . Pretty good ni 
Short weekend at work this week ! Taking Saturday night off so that < PROPFIRST > and I can spend some quality VACATION time together . Only a couple of days , but it's the quality , not the quantity ! It's kind of weird how we actually have so much time off togeth 
Heading off to save lives . Everyone wish us a not so over-the-top crazy weekend , eh ? 
One more night to go and we're on vacation ! Wow ! I kind of like this working 2 days a week thing ! It's even better than working 3 days a week ! I just don't think I could handle the 18 hour shifts ! On the other hand ... I used to have a 17 hour shift . So 
Going off grid for a couple of days of relaxation !! Ya'll have fun now , ya hear !! 
Back in town ! Wow ! Lot of FB to catch up on ! Had a pretty great weekend camping at Loeb State Park near Brookings on the Chetco River . All good except for the mosquitoes and my stupid dog adding fuel to the fire when he actually BIT the park ranger in 
Has anyone been camping at Sanger Lake up above Gasquet in N . Ca ? We're considering it for our next camp-out , but we've never seen it . Anyone got comments ? 
Heading in to take my nap in prep for the overnight tonight . Wishing all your pets happiness and health ( and their friends/owners , too ! ) . 
Heading back to work in a little while . Hope everyone enjoys the fireworks ! Don't forget to safely secure your pets indoors tonight ! 
Back from the veterinary abyss ( unless my phone rings ! ) . WHAT a weekend ! Now I'm headed for the Twilight abyss ( yes , I've been sucked in ) . Looking forward to my hubby being home tomorrow . Right now , it's just me ' n < PROPFEMALE>' dawg ! 
Off to a flying start ! Walked the dog , started the laundry , took a shower , all BEFORE coffee ! Time to start Pandora and get the housecleaning show on the road ! I am loving life today ! 
Deep , cleansing breath in preparation for heading back to work tonight . Not sure I've fully recovered from last weekend yet , though . 
TGIF . 
Done with a pretty good weekend at work . Not too busy , not too quiet , and a lot of interesting trauma cases ( gunshot wounds , bear fight victims , dog fights , rattlensnake bites) ! My job is so interesting ! Finally got home and finished reading Breaking Daw 
Working on little projects today and gearing up for the weekend ! 
Wow . Just realized < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding is only a month away ! So much to do ! So little time . It's gonna be a busy week ! 
Quiet weekend at work . Took my hubby to the \Back to the 50's Car Show\ " when I got home this morning and looking forward to a few days off ! " 
Woke up with achey joints today . Hoping an Aleve and some B6 help soon . I have a lot of papers to sort today and there's a deadline . Coffee should help too , I hope ! 
Saw Transformers last night , but had to take sweats to the movie theater to stay warm ! Brrrr ! Fun movie ! There were only four people in the whole theater -- including us ! 
Hubby told me today we're going rafting for my birthday ! WOOOOHHOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
will be using my A/C on the drive to work tonight ! 
Getting closer to rafting ! Can't wait ! Today ( and tomorrow ) , I'll be sleeping . 
Thanks for all the b-day wishes !! What an incredibly LOUD thunderstorm tonight ! I was worried there was a plane landing on the roof of the hospital ! We're only a block away ! 
Rafting trip got postponed by life today :( Next Monday for SURE !!! 
Hmm . My first update didn't post ? Fell off FB for a few days ! Took a tahiti down the river on Tues after all ( prev injuries be damned ! ) and had a great time ! Spent most of Wednesday resting/napping/recovering . I think Kirt was contagious maybe ? Now just gearing up for the weekend ! 
Woke up a little early today in spite of the melatonin . I'm gonna need cooooooffffffeeee ! Counting down to our baby girl's wedding day . It's really comin ' fast ! 
TGIF . It's been VERY quiet at work this weekend ( some people are going to hit me for saying that , but ... ) Hope our rattlesnake victim is doing better tonight . Looking forward to the coming week so that I can finish up stuff for the wedding ! 
Just realized that in just 5 days , I'm going to be a MOTHER-IN-LAW ! Oh , no . 
I haven't totally fallen off the planet ! Computer went down at home , then left town for my daughter's wedding for a week , now back but the computer's not fixed yet ! Had to come to work to check in ! 
Quiet night at work -just a 3 lb . marijuana toxicity ( the dog's weight , not the marijuana ! ) . Researching dog behavior to fill the time ! 
Whew ! It's finally Friday after a 4 day work week ! I'm bushed ! ( But not as bushed as < PROPFEMALE > was last week ! ) Only one day off then back for a shift on Monday , then 2 more days off ... Good thing I have a calendar posted ! 
Had a great week camping and rafting with the kids ! Back to work and looking forward to a nice quiet week at home w/just the pets and hubby ! 
One more rattlesnake bite in the hospital tonight . Guess summer's not quite over yet ! 
Woo hoo ! Husband FINALLY agreed to let me take the computer to the shop ! It goes in tomorrow ! Whew ! 
Back to work now ... we ran another special on marijuana toxicities tonight ! Gotta love ' em !! At least they always go home in the morning ! 
Only a few more days until the computer's back at home ! I can't live like this !! What did we do before the internet ? How did we pay our bills ? How did anyone communicate ? 
TGIF !!! ( Thank God It's Fixed ! ) My computer , that is ! 
My head is spinning and my butt is dragging after a crazy busy weekend at the pet ER . 
Just ordered the new Matisyahu CD on Amazon . Great music , strangely interesting artist ! 
Gearing up for a 4-night work week ! OT always looks good on the paycheck . 
Three puppies lost ... it's a lousy night at work :`( Hopefully mom pulls through . 
Trying to will my body to go for one more night at work . I think I can , I think I can , I think I can ... 
My back is killing me , again . I think we need to go mattress shopping ... TODAY ! 
Woohoo ! On Saturday night I get to remember ( a little bit ) what it's like to have a social life ! Halloween party for 4 hours before I have to be at work at midnight . 
Anybody know how to get rid of the number next to my News Feed ? It says 300+ , and doesn't change , even if I \view live feed \"." 
Tonight's Veterinary Special : 2 for 1 - Hit By Car Head Traumas ( and other broken bones ) :( It's going to be a long , hard , expensive road to recovery ! 
Tonight I hate my job . If you're going to buy a puppy , then be intelligent about it . If you can't be intelligent , then at least be prepared to pay for it . If you don't do either , don't try to make it my fault that you're an unprepared and/or uneducated idiot . I like puppies . I hate idiots . 
Made it through a tough weekend at work , now I get to go pick up my grandbaby to visit for a week . Yaaaaaaaaay !!!!! 
Just hangin ' with the grandkid today ! Wish I could put some of that energy in a bottle and save it for later ! 
Ugh ! I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed . 
Gotta love < PROPMALE > Schwab . Fixed the vibration in only 20 minutes and covered it under my tire warranty . 
Almost done w/the work week ! Then a few hours of sleep on Sunday morning and off we go to visit the kids in Portland for a couple of days ! Hey , any of you wanna have coffee when we get up there ? 
Hitting the highway ! Talk to ya'll when I get back on Wednesday ! 
Going to OMSI w/the kids today ! 
Home again , home again , jiggity , jig . 
After 2 wks of being visited by , and visiting the kids , I'm looking forward to getting back into my usual routine . I gots stuff to do ! 
Winter's definitely here . All I want to do is hibernate . Will someone please check on me by Groundhog's Day ? 
Global warming , wars that don't want to end , recessions , lost jobs , and today I read that there's a huge shortage on Eggo Waffles due to a flood in a factory . All production has stopped . I'm not sure I can take much more . 
If you want to remember why you're passionate about your career choices , stand in front of a room full of 7th graders and tell them why you chose it . I love my work ! I have a cool job . ( Just like you , < PROPMALE >!) 
Did everyone see < PROPMALE>'s event posting that he'll be at < PROPFEMALE>'s on Sunday from 6-9 pm ? RSVP now ! I'll be there ! 
Heading off soon to have pizza with friends from far away places ! 
Finally saw New < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . Good biceps , I mean movie , but I still liked the book better . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Wishing everyone health and coziness today . 
Managed to sleep all the way through Black Friday , after getting pulled over this morning because of my license plate frame . That's 5 pullovers in less than 1 year with 0 citations . What , exactly , is going on here ? 
Dang ! Car broke down on the way to work tonight . Got towed and the driver dropped me off at work . Probably my water pump/timing belt . And less than 4K to go before I make it to 300K ! Thought I was gonna make it ! Oh well . I think I'm stuck in another 3-cycle . 
Sitting in my jammies , watching CSI reruns and waiting for the spring thaw ( And waiting for the garage to call and tell me my 4Runner is fixed ) . 
Wow . That was some weekend . We managed to save ' em all though ! Even the one this morning that arrived w/his insides on the outsides ! I've said it before , but my job rocks ! 
Our freezing weather motivated me to start making arrangements for our February trip to < PROPMALE > ! Looking forward to it ! 
Damn . Pipes froze up last night . Still not thawed . 
Avoided refreezing the pipes last night ! Yay ! Furnace never shut off all night though , that is ' til the power went off at 6:45 this a.m. We don't have a wood stove , so I called it in immediately - they had it back on in an hour ! Yay ! Sounds like we're all going through it ! 
Got up to a warm house , hot shower , running computer , warm coffee and a toasted pop-tart ! I've been reminded to be thankful for all of it this week ! Just think , 100 or so years ago I might have had to go draw water from the frozen well , haul the wood , build the fire , milk the cow , and bake the bread ... I don't think I'd have done well back then . 
Off to do a little holiday economic stimulation ! 
It's going to be a long , slippery ride home from work this morning . 
( Yes , Mom/Margie , I made it home safely/slowly ! Several people I work with munched their cars , though ) This afternoon I'm going to pick up < PROPFEMALE > Paddie Pumpkin Pie to spend a few days with her Grandma & Grandpa ! 
Woke up WAY too early again this morning . If I'm going to be an entertaining grandma , I really need my beauty sleep ! Guess it'll be naps all around for everyone today ! 
Heading out soon to the opening matinee of the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog ! ( < PROPMALE > , this is me being entertaining WITHOUT taking my teeth out ! Hopefully I have a few years to go on that one ! ) Tonight I think we'll drive around and look at the Christmas lights - if I can stay awake ! 
LOL . Yesterday < PROPFEMALE > pointed to the rear wheels on her tricycle and informed me that she was pretty sure she was ready to try it without them now . 
Listening to Christmas music . Reflecting on old friends and new . The house is much quieter now that < PROPFEMALE > has gone home . 
Headin ' in to start the holiday weekend at the emergency vet hospital ! We're there for you , < PROPFEMALE > , should one of the reindeer throw a hoof !!! ( Oh , wait a minute , we don't do large animal .... crap ! ) 
Wishing a happy holiday season to every one of my friends and family , however you celebrate . I am so grateful to have reconnected with so many of you this year through Facebook . I only hope I can make some of those reconnections more tangible over the coming year . A toast to your health , your happiness , and your safety ; not only tonight , but throughout the coming year ! 
Work was crazy busy all night long last night . Then woke up this afternoon to a cold house due to an all day power outage . Went to get pizza and coffee and the lights were on when we got home . Whew ! At last I'll have clean scrubs and a shower before I go to work - I was getting worried ! 
Woke up this morning at 9 and realized I'd slept 20 out of the last 24 hours ( the other 4 were intermittent checkups on my dog-in-law who was quite the sick little puppy this weekend ! ) . K ' , Xmas is over , weekend is over , time to hit the showers and get to work on cleaning up the aftermath !! 
Planning our < PROPMALE > vacation while snow falls outside the window . So has anyone got any good advice of things to do and places to see ? So far we're planning on a couple of days at the Kennedy Space Center , one day at Disney Wild Animal Park , maybe a day on the beach in Daytona , kayaking near < PROPMALE > ... 
Finally got to see Avatar in 3D . INDESCRIBABLE !!! 
Damn . Recession cutbacks are finally hitting my job , too . Sucks to wake up an find an e-mail from the owner waiting for you . Good news : I still have a job which is better than a lot of folks out there . Happy New Year ( Please , PLEASE let it be a happy new year ! ) everyone . 
I have a new phone number as of today . I've sent it out in individual msgs to all those people I think MIGHT ever have a need to call me . If you need my number , and I somehow missed you , please send me a note and I'll send it to you in a msg . I NEVER post my number in profiles . Thanks !! 
Happy New Year everyone ! Now could someone please pass the Robitussin ? ( Good thing I was workin ' at midnight instead of kissin'!) Going back again tonight . What is it about holidays ? I wonder if anyone has ever done a real scientific study . Pure unmitigated craziness , I'm sayin'! 
Don't think I could feel like more of a slug this week . I could really use some sun to brighten my energy level , even a bit , but Florida's still over a month away ( and last night it was colder there than here ! ) . 
Bought our tickets for Florida this morning !!! Getting excited ! We even have a day/evening of kayaking planned in the Merritt Island Wildlife Refuge to see bioluminescent jellyfish ! How cool is THAT !!! 
Pink . I think . 
Hope to be more on my game tonight than I was this morning . I hate it when I make stupid little mistakes . Especially when other people catch them . Sucks to be human . 
Heading out to pick up < PROPFEMALE > Paddie and Methany ( as Nate accidentally called her today - we probably won't be using that nickname a lot ! ) . Looking forward to spending some time w/Melanie ! ( our future DIL ) WE MISS HER ! 
Just hanging out w/the GB and the FDIL ! Having fun watching movies and doing some stuff we missed before . 
Trying to upload a really old photo , and having some problems for some reason . 
Driving < PROPFEMALE > back to Mommy tonight when I SUDDENLY found myself in the < PROPFIRST > next to me ! AAAAAAAAhhhhh ! Talk about a monster wind gust !! Thank goodness there was no one there when I landed ! Lots of lightning on the northwestern horizon , too . In January ? 
Spent 10+ hours w/my nose in a novel yesterday . Today I've gotta get some stuff DONE ! I'll be out the door by 8:30 am ! Then back by 10:00 to clean house !! 
Woke up at 5 am this morning . Ugh . Trying not to wake the hubby so I spent time on Google & Wikipedia learning about Haiti . Doesn't sound like a great place to live even if you're not having earthquakes . Reminds me to be grateful for our beautiful Pacific Northwest ! 
Took a great 3+ hr nap to get ready for work ! Loving that ( except for when my alarm went off ! ) Hope everyone has a fun and healthy weekend ! 
5:45 am on my day off .... homemade mocha latte and warm < PROPFEMALE > pop-tart coming up ! ( Don't worry , it's just how the graveyard flipflop works . Work 11 hrs , sleep 6 , tv for 5 , sleep for 7 more .... ) Now I'm back on track ! 
Planning to make some phone calls today . Several in fact . I've been putting them off . Not because they're unpleasant calls , it just that I , for some reason , really hate talking on the phone . 
Got our taxes done and e-filed ! Sent off my ( husband's ) unclaimed property claim forms , and I'm getting ready to finish my Aflac claim ( they pay me to go to my annual wellness checkups) -- the $$ are just ROLLING in ! Of course , it was all ours to begin with ... so I guess I'm just collecting on the \loans\ " ! Whatever . It's still $$ I didn't have yesterday ! " 
SOME people think I should ( seriously ) enter Nemo into the Ugly Dog Contest this year in Petaluma , Calif . Prize is $1000 cash , a bunch of doggie \accessories\ " and $1000 \ " modeling contract\ " for a year . Thoughts ? " 
To all my friends in Southern Oregon : The state veterinarian reported two cases of rabies confirmed in < PROPFEMALE > County today . IF YOUR PETS ARE NOT CURRENT ON THEIR RABIES VACCINES , MAKE AN APPOINTMENT !!!!! 
Headin ' off to work . Hoping that our sale on \pain & suffering\ " is over soon ... " 
OK , new FB home < PROPFEMALE > came up this morning . Have to say , I'm on the new team . I like it ! I only have to look at the top of the screen to see what's new , not in all the corners ! Better organized ! 
One week from now I'll be on a plane to < PROPMALE > !!! I'M SO EXCITED ! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ............ because great men are few and far between , and I have one * 
Update for my friends and Bethany's: After a long , painful night in the hospital they took her to surgery this morning . Should be out around 11:00 ?? Will update everyone more after we hear more . Shouldn't be TOO difficult/risky , they said it will still be laparoscopic . 
Update on Bethany : Out of surgery and recovering . Will be able to go home in a few hours if she can keep down food . 
OK , enough drama around me for one week ! Going back to work to relax ( haha ) for 3 days , then it's OFF TO FLORIDA !!! Wooohooooo !!! 
Twenty one years & counting ! Still & always my soul mate , my best friend , my husband ! 
Gotta get off FB and finish packing for FLORIDA !! 
Back from FLORIDA ! Amazing trip that reconfirmed our love for Oregon . It was too crowded , too flat , and had WAY too many alligators ! However , I loved the dolphins and blinky jellyfish swimming around my kayak only 1 day after I helped my husband safely complete his space shuttle mission . 2 days at KSC was truly our definition of geek-fest ! 
Feeling slightly dis-associated to everything around me today . Missing my hubby and dreading having to go through all my e-mail , and snail mail . Probably a little jet-lagged , too . 
Woke up this morning to find that Nemo has a deep corneal ulcer . Doctor says we have to medicate every 2 hrs for the next 2-3 days , then we can reduce it to every 4 hours . Sleeps going to be at a premium this weekend , especially since I'm working Thurs/Fri/Sat . Please send Nemo your positive ju-jus ! 
Good news ! Nemo's liver values improved quite a bit from 2 wks ago when his liver showed pretty tremendous stress from the azathioprine . Now all is normal again ! Interesting to note : his CPK values finally elevated ( a diagnostic sign for the MMM ) . Prior to this he had tested negative on everything that was an indicator other than clinical signs ! We never biopsied . Sometimes when it looks like a zebra , it's a zebra ! 
Made it through the weekend at work feeling like crap . Still feel like crap but now me and my critters can just ' veg out ' til hubby gets home . Head colds suck . Nemo's eye is hanging in there for the time being . Lesion got smaller , but little flat spot in the middle is making us nervous . Almost looks like he has a small target in his eye today . Continuing to medicate every four hours and watching it VERY closely ! 
Laundry's done , dishes are done , floor is mopped , nap is taken . Not bad for the day . Hubby's home tomorrow . I CAN'T WAIT !! 
Watching a special about the Hubble Telescope repair . I have an AMAZING new appreciation after going through the brief astronaut training at KSC . I have a whole new excitement and awe over space travel !! ( I think I can hear my husband giggling ) . It's just SO COOL to imagine it in the first person having been IN an orbiter . 
Glad to have to hubby home again . Things are feeling < almost > back to normal . Now I can start editing & posting our vacation photos ! 
Heading off to work to explore what prognosis and options we have on Nemo's eye since a full week of treating it EVERY 4 HOURS , has not resolved the ulcer . I'm feeling frustrated , but pretty sure there are some things that haven't been addressed . 
Nemo had surgery today to place a flap over his cornea . Ulcer turned into a full blown desmetocele yesterday ( for my veterinary friends ) . #* ! #$% :( ... Timing is bad , too . I'll keep everyone posted . 
Nemo Correction : Dr. < PROPMALE > actually performed a permanent corneal graft to try to keep the descemetocele in Nemo's eye from rupturing . Amazing and , I'm sure , difficult procedure . We have an appt w/the veterinary opthalmologist in Corvallis on Monday . 
Huge sigh of relief after seeing the ophthalmologist yesterday . Nemo's eye is healing well , and she even gave us some tips for improving the vision in both eyes in the future . I love Dr. < PROPMALE > , I love Dr. < PROPFEMALE > , and I love everybody that's been hanging with us through this scary , scary week . Now I can get back to posting photos of my vacation and sleeping ! 
Just saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3D ! What a cool movie ! 
Awake but still feeling worn out after working a full shift Thursday night , sleeping four hours , driving for 9 hours to Portland and back and then working another 8 hrs . Whew ! I got a full 8 hrs sleep today , but I still feel tired ! Glad to have my girls around me , though ! 
Today's game-PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play .. You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are .. Coppy and paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Bakersfield , California ( but I try not to advertise it ! ) We moved to Grants Pass when I was 2 , so GP is hometown ! 
On the road to Portland to take the girls home . Back tomorrow in time for work ! 
Long , quiet night at work after a long , quiet drive ( ok , maybe not so quiet with Muse and Linkin Park ) home from Portland . Looking forward to my bed ! A lot ! 
< sigh > Slept through another totally gorgeous day thanks to graveyarding . Of course , my weekend starts Monday - with rain in the forecast :( 
What a great week it's been ! Expected rain , but the weather's been GORGEOUS ! Haven't gotten any laundry folded yet , but we did get our bed frame painted , the front door repainted , and < PROPFIRST > got the whole pasture mowed today . Maybe tonight I'll work on the mountain o'laundry while we watch our new Blu-Ray ! 
So much for safe lifting techniques at work . Bent my knees , saved my back , tore out a thigh muscle . OW ! OW ! OW ! OW ! OW ! Doc says it's minor and should hopefully be healed in about a week . Sure didn't feel minor when it happened . OMG , the pain ! 
First car ! Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your first car at the end of the sentence : 1976 Ford Pinto Runabout ( w/a stock V-6 ) 
Trying to clean all the CRAP off my desk , AGAIN ! How does this happen ? 
OK , Google ( I mean Topeka ) gets points with me for being in the spirit of the day ! 
I hate it when I wake up feeling exhausted . Especially when I have no reason to feel exhausted . 
Let the sun shine ... the sun shine in ... 
Friends Online : No one is online . :( 
Headin ' to work for night #4 of saving lives ! It's been an interesting weekend so far . Relax and feel better , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Grandbaby visiting ! Yay !!! Always love Pizza and Shrek !! 
Reminding myself to focus on the positive ... Sometimes being the \pillar\ " is hard work ! " 
Presentation completed for the career fair I'm helping with tomorrow morning . Honestly ? Not nearly as excited about going as I was last week . 
Weather was super nice today ! So glad so < PROPFEMALE > could ride her bike and play in her playhouse . We got in a good game of Chutes & Ladders this afternoon , too . Soon it's gonna be time to head off to work ! 
I think I just took the nap that ate New York City . Whew ! Too long , too vivid , too scary , and hard to wake up from . At least there's a warm apple pie waiting in the kitchen to bring me back to reality ! 
FINALLY got to see Alcyon Massive in person last night ! Had a GREAT time ! Can't wait for the next show ! 
Introduced < PROPFEMALE > to The < PROPFEMALE > Bride last night . I was informed that the masked man in black ( climbing the < PROPMALE > wall toward Inigo Montoya ) had to be a nice man , because he was saying \please\ " and \ " thank you \"." 
Watch out , everyone , there's a file gift card going around . I haven't sent any to anyone , but I see them popping up in the news feed from me . I got one from someone and tried to open it . It wouldn't open , but then it \sent\ " to all my friends . Sorry ! " 
Rainy days and Mondays ( today is my Saturday ) always get me down . Now to work on keeping a 4 year old entertained indoors all day long . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s da bomb ! I woke up to fresh watermelon !!! Ok , maybe it's not the BEST watermelon I've EVER had , and it has seeds ( ha , how last century is that ? ) , but it's May 1st , and I'M EATING WATERMELON !!! YUMMMMMMMMMMMMM !!!!!!!!! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Woke up to such a gorgeous afternoon . < PROPFIRST > and I both decided we'd rather be camping . So we are !! Heading out to Applegate tomorrow to spend a couple days just chillin'! Can't wait ! < PROPFEMALE > said , \Don't forget the marshmallows ! \"" 
Time to go campin'! Talk to everybody in a couple days ! 
Back a little early from camping . It was TOO DAMN COLD !!! It hailed 3 times before 10 am today , with a wind chill factor that felt like about 4 degrees . 
\DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness . It\ 
Looking forward to a much LESS brutal night at work tonight . To repeat , last night was BRUTAL ! 
So . Tired . Happy Mother's Day , I'll talk to you in the morning ( i.e. , tonight ) . 
One more night at work then headin ' to Portland to regroup the girls !!! 
Made to Portland despite the rain and OSP ! If you're in town , drop me a line ! 
Looking forward to a day of running around in the big city - but I don't want to do it very often- too much traffic !!! 
Hangin ' in P-town for about another 24 hrs , then home again . Stopping by Garden World on my way home . Good thing I'm not driving my 4-Runner ! 
Had fun visiting old ( really old ! ' just kidding ! ) friends , today ! ;P It was great to see everyone ! 
Soooo many things I want to do this summer , so little time !! 
Ballot completed , sealed , and signed . I discovered that , suprisingly , even w/out a voters pamphlet , you can learn a lot about our county candidates on-line . I'll drop off our ballots at the court house later today and get a few other things on my to-do list done !!! 
Ugh . It's raining again . Rain , rain , go away . 
In between mini-rainstorms I managed to finish installing my automatic drip system . Now I can replant the pots on my porch and not kill them since the rain doesn't reach under the eaves , but the sun definitely does ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status , and give the good men the recognition they deserve , because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! ? 
Looking under rocks today , trying to find the motivation ... 
Today I'm going to immerse myself in a ) sleep , then b)season/series finales on TV . I'm kind of glad LOST is ending . It'll mean one less TV show I have to record/watch every week ! Maybe I can do something more useful with my brain ! 
' K - Just got word that I have an appt w/the doggie neuro in PDX on Wednesday ! Portland , here I come ! 
Update on Nemo . It's bad news . Trigeminal nerve sheath tumor advanced to cerebellar compression . ( Layspeak : Brain tumor ) Prognosis : Terminal ; Expectation : 0-8 wks based on palliative therapy and quality of life . My heart is breaking . 
Another holiday weekend in emergency medicine coming up ! Remember to keep your pets on a leash , away from your compost pile and snail bait , and away from the wildlife ! But , if it all goes wrong , we'll be there to help ! Hope everyone has a fun and enjoyable Boatnik Weekend ! 
Planned on working an extra shift tonight , but it's been slow all weekend so ended up just being on-call . :) Got to go see the Boatnik fireworks :) then came home to find VERY happy crickets outside my living room window ! 
Just got back from Oregon Fam Jam ! < PROPMALE > Casad did an awesome set to kick off ! Energy for the rest of it was truly righteous . 
OMG , my addergees aw killig be ! By who ' fade itches ad I'b awready gond tru about 30 gleenegs . 
Our sweet Nemo crossed the Rainbow Bridge this morning . The injury and pain meds were more than he could compensate for with the balance deficits . Our hearts are broken . 
... and so begins a new < PROPFEMALE > in our household . One w/out puddles of drool under my feet , and splatters on the wall , w/out kibble flung under impact resistant furniture and chew resistant toys . Today the house is quiet , without moist panting and toenails on the floor , but with tearful sighs and an extra large space in our hearts waiting to be filled by the next beautiful soul . 
Do you suppose it's a bad omen when you're test driving a used car and the alternator goes out on you in the middle of your test drive ? Or is it better because you get a brand new alternator prior to purchase ? 
MMMMMMMmmmmmm . < PROPFIRST > made rotisseried orange-chipotle cornish game hens for dinner and corn from the garden ( last year's-frozen ) . 
I love nice weather , except when I'm working overnight emergency at the veterinary hospital . A few reminders , folks : 1 . Pets and roads DO NOT MIX ! 2 . Check your mirrors 3 . Apparently some cats are allergic to peanuts , too - stick with the Friskies ! 
Monday , Monday ... so good to me ... 
My sleep clock is ALL messed up this week , again . Been up every morning around 5 am , too long naps in the afternoon but still asleep on the couch before 10 pm . At least I have a routine ? Gonna be a problem on Thursday night when I want to go to bed instead of going to work , though !! Good news is I get a lot done when I wake up so early !! 
Headin ' to Table Rock for the day !!!!! Peace out ! 
Wow ! My schedules filling up ! Tomorrow we're going camping , Friday night probably going to < PROPFIRST>'s for the BBQ , Saturday night's a concert in Ashland , Sunday heading to Chico to meet a dog to see if he wants to have us for his forever home , early part of next week is still open , then the kids are stopping by on their way home from < PROPFEMALE > ! Whew ! 
Headin ' out to go camping on the Roseburg Waterfall Scenic Byway ! Ya'll have a good couple-a days and I'm sure I'll have a kazillion photos to share when we get back ! ( Aren't vacations awesome ?! ) 
We're back ! < PROPFEMALE > ( pause ) believable !!!!!!!!!!!! Check out my photos - only 6% of what I took , and gives you about 6% of the overall effect . 
Just a friendly\ 
reminder ... Wheeler Toyota-Grants Pass , OR ... 4 to 6pm Friday , June\ 
25th . Krispy Kreme donuts and \Fight Like a Girl\ " bracelets to raise\ 
< PROPMALE > Casad , Alcyon Massive , and Indubious . Tonight . 9 pm . Culture Works/Ashland . We are there ! Peace out ! 
Off to Chico to see old family , and maybe new ! 
Back from Chico . Had a great time visiting w/family and meeting up w/Ike , our ( hopefully to be soon be ) new dog ! What a sweetheart . We love him ! Now , it's nap time ! 
Got up this morning and started working on my project . Couldn't figure out why I wasn't feeling well , and my back hurt so much . Then realized it was 3 pm and I'd been at it for 6 hours ! No wonder ! Took a break and ate some lunch . Now I feel better . And , almost done ! Kids are here tonight :) and I go back to work tomorrow night :| Overall , it's been a great vacation ! 
Kids are here ! Yay !! Heading out to do a little sightseeing w/them . Everyone have a GREAT day !! 
Great news ! The Basenji Rescue Coordinator just called me and said that we have been approved to adopt the dog we wanted ! YAYYYYY !! Delivery/pickup details pending since he's still in Chico . I'll keep everyone posted ! Yaaaayyyyy !!!!! 
Headin ' out to pick up our new boy ! Talk to ya'll tomorrow ( sorry , my < PROPMALE > accent is showing again ! ) 
Had forgotten what it's like to have a REALLY intelligent dog in the house ! He's keeping us on our toes w/his sneaky tactics and his redirection strategies ! Probably some pix tomorrow ! 
Had a great time at the GP Concert in the Park tonight . Celtic Rock by Tempest . Anybody going next week to see The Mixers ? My hubby doesn't want to go , so I need some peeps ! 
I am a rock , I am an island ... in what feels like a sea of troubled souls all around me this week ! Feeling a little overwhelmed by all the emotions coming at me from all different directions , but feeling SO blessed that I'm not the one being challenged . I love my family , I love my friends , and I love where I am . Love to all , and goodnight . 
Got some great outdoor projects done this week ! Nothing like sweatin ' your butt off in the 95 degree heat to make you forget the world around you ! Now it's time for a BIG glass of ice tea , a great home cooked meal w/fresh mozzarella and < PROPFEMALE > tomatoes , and a nap just before I get ready to go to work tonight ! 
FB Quandry : Why is it then why you are checking updates and you look at a photo ( or link ) that someone's posted , when you try to go back , FB sticks back at the TOP of the updates again . That's frustrating when I'm reading through 200 updates and have to < PROPFEMALE > down from the beginning again ( including clicking the \older posts\ " button ) . Anyone have any solutions ? " 
Why does it seem like the most important decisions in life are the absolute hardest ? 
I really , really hate it when I run out of $$ before I run out of month !! 
An hour at the dog park w/ Eko and < PROPFEMALE > ! A great way to get EVERYONE ready for bed !! 
Went to bed at midnight . Woke up at 5:30 this morning . What the heck ? 
Uh-oh . I'm trending . Went to bed at midnight . Woke up at 4:30 this morning . Today I've just got stuff on my mind . But , then the phone rang at 5 am , anyway . Guess we're up . 
Right now a vet tech is helping a < PROPFEMALE > become a mother , is holding the paw ofa dying dog , is inserting an IV into a kitten , is listening to a pet parent tell a story , and is missing her/his pets while caring for yours . In the time it took you to read this , vet techs all over the world are saving lives ! Re-post this if you are a vet tech , love a vet tech or appreciate a vet tech ! 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes . Unfortunately , they didn't work ! After birthday pizza , we went to the dog park w/our new dog , Eko . An 80 lb lab fell on him and broke his R front leg . Freak accident , freakish screaming in true Basenji form all the way to Medford , and now probably surgery tomorrow . ( BIG HUGE GIANT Sigh ) . Eating some chocolate cake and going to bed now ! 
Picking up our boy from the hospital this morning ! Looking forward to having him home ! I really like our house so much better w/a real live dog hanging out in it somewhere ! Gonna be a challenge keeping him quiet , though !! 
Headin ' out tomorrow morning for the Emigrant Lake water slide and camping !! Nothing TOO strenuous as we still have a dog w/a broken leg -- just hangin ' in the campsite roastin ' marshmallows , enjoying the beautiful weather , and breathing in the great Oregon air !! 
Back from camping . Had a great time at the water slide , and the campground/park had pretty much all a 5 yr old could dream of , but the Truck Stereo Warriors definitely dampened the trip . C'mon , Def Leppard at 8:30 am , again ? Really ? Can't I just drink my coffee and listen to the birds ? Guess not . Home by 10 am . I need a mood booster today ! 
On this Friday the 13th , just a quick little reminder to all my pet loving friends : Please don't name your new pet \Lucky\ " . They never are . " 
Heading to the river for picnic and playing , before Grandma pulls out ALL of her hair ! 
FREE INDUBIOUS tonight @ Shenanigans in Medford @ 8pm sharp . WE NEED YOU FOR THIS ONE - WOOOOT ! Soon to be winners of the Last Band Standing competition !!! 
Happy anniversary today to the best husband I've ever had ! OK , he's the only husband I've ever had ! Kudos to both of us for 22 great years and counting !! Still and always my very best friend . Definitely would do it again ! Now it's just too bad I'm working through the night and sleeping through the day ! Guess I'll catch ya ' on Sunday afternoon ! I love you !! 
Woman came \ 
in late last night , upset , her cat had appeared on her porch , \ 
bleeding heavily from the mouth . We took the cat immediately to the \ 
back to locate the source . It was obvious . The cat had HORRIBLE dental \ 
disease and both ears were infected . The blood came when one of his \ 
canine teeth fell out or was easily pulled out during a cat fight . I said it was terrible that she didn't take better \ 
care of her cat . 
Starting to feel summer coming to a close . :( 
Hot days outside trying to get some projects done . Grandma's < PROPFEMALE > is getting as short as ... a 5 year old's attention span ! 
LOVE when I can cross things off my list ! Especially when they've been there 25 YEARS ! Today I completed repainting the wardrobe that my parents gave us a long , LONG time ago . Over time it's been in various places , in various stages of ... whatever . Now I just need to add one board on the top , add two more knobs , and it's officially DONE ! It's actually functional for use as my linen closet TODAY ! Yay !!! 
Don't have to be back to work until Thursday , September 9 . I don't FEEL like I'm on the first day of vacation . Ugh . And rain's not helping . 
ANOTHER oil rig explosion in the gulf ? You've got to be kidding . 
Big weekend of camping and playing on the Rogue w/all the kids ! We'll be at Indian < PROPFIRST > . Stop by and say ' hi ' if you're around !! 
Home from camping , hiking , rafting !! Gorgeous weekend ! I LOVE that we live 20 minutes from it in any direction !!! Got home , unloaded , and Eko immediately headed for a nap . Looks like a darn good idea !!! 
Hmmm . The house feels strangely empty and quiet this morning . But still a little messy . I'm going to upload some pictures , then I'll get busy ! 
Went to the Last Band Standing finals last night . Indubious obliterated the competition ! Such fun !! And many new friends to meet ! 
Hi ho hi ho . After 11 days off , it's back to work I go ! 
Headin ' off to the doc for antibiotics . Saturday's side note was that I got bit , not seriously , but now it's oozing ugly stuff . Next year's resolution : No more worker's comp claims ! 
Good Day ! Sunshine ! 
Rainy days and Mondays usually get me down . 
And my LEAST favorite flower ? Fall crocus . 
Today feels grubbly . ( And that's not a typo ) . There's ONE person out there who knows exactly what I mean !! It's not a bad thing , it's not a good thing , it just is . 
Heading out now , to feel like I've gotten something , anything , done this week ! ( I have , but it just doesn't FEEL like it ! ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s not feeling well tonight . He just went in to get a bowl of ice cream and showed me that he put \rainbow sprinkles\ " on it . Because < PROPFEMALE > told him that \ " rainbow sprinkles\ " always help you feel better . " 
I owe , I owe , so off to work I go !!! 
SO happy that my work week is over ! Lookin ' forward to fun and sun this week ! TTFN , I'll catch ya'll when I wake up !! 
HEY !! What happened to my sunshine !?! I know ..... Waaaaaiiiiiiiiit for it ! Waaaaaaaiiit ..... 
Headin ' over to Ashland for a night of reggae love w/Rootz Underground , Alcyon Massive & Indubious ! Peace out ! 
Got to bed a little after 2 last night , woke up before 8 this morning ! Ugh . Definitely gonna need a nap before work tonight ! Concert was DEFINITELY worth it , though ! 
Bad start to a Monday : Opening your mailbox to get the mail and finding not one , not two , but THREE black widow spiders inside ! ( whimper , whimper - from under my blankie ! ) I don't want to check the mail any more ! 
Seems I've LOST my cell phone . For real . First time ever . Boy , it sucks ! 
Watch out , folks , I've got my hippie on today ! Embrace all the little things in your life you have to be grateful for today . The sun , the rain , the last flower of summer , the hungry little < PROPFEMALE > buzzing around it . Life is good . Be in it ! IRIE ! 
What could POSSIBLY make my neighbor think that it's OK to run a chainsaw at 3 pm on a Friday afternoon ?!? Doesn't he know there are people trying to SLEEP ????!!!!? 
TGIF ! Head cold seems to be staying mostly under the surface and had an interesting night at work last night w/porcupine quills , transfusions , and THC toxicities (' tis the season ! ) . Hope tonight is just as interesting ! Everyone be safe and well ! One love ! 
Just bought our tickets to see Grandma Aggie and \For the Next Seven Generations\ " . Can't wait !! She and the other 12 Indigenous Grandmothers have so much to share ! " 
Time to put on some reggae and get some S*#% done !!!! 
Feelin ' inspired this morning . And hungry for new knowledge . 
Headin ' off to work , again . Started my new 10 hours , 4-nights-a-week schedule . I'm finding it depressing that I spend fewer nights sleeping next to my husband that not . That , and it's just been kind of a melancholy week . Anybody else ever have those ? Without obvious reason ? 
Slept SO well , today ! Looking forward to a < PROPFEMALE > , warm , productive week ahead along w/scheduled time for friends , fun , and entertainment ! 
I now release all negativity that rests in my mind and body ! 
Had to share ! zHad a GOOD experience w/my bank today . Over the weekend , they charged a fee for an account I closed a month ago that sent me into overdraft . Agent ADMITTED their mistake , reversed the charge , put a note in my account so that my overdraft coverage wouldn't stimulate a fee on my CC , even offered to order free checks for me . Wow . Great customer service ! Not what I expected from the huge corporate bank ! 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > were SO good at the Applegate Lodge tonight ! I swear < PROPMALE > plays parts of the the guitar the inventor didn't even know existed ! Can't wait for those new CD's , boys !!! 
Tomorrow I'm putting my engineer to work electrifying our front door . The one that sits right next to my bedroom wall ? You knock on it , you get ZAPPED !! Take that , Charter upgrade sales guy ! Sounds more fun than the simple \DAY SLEEPER\ " sign that < PROPFIRST > says we could < PROPFEMALE >." 
Saturday night , headin ' off to work again , missing an epic concert of the year ? decade ? even century ? Ok , maybe not century . But I'd rather be at the concert tonight - all our boys together - < PROPMALE > , Alcyon , and Indubious . Who could ask for more ? One love , all ! 
G'night! 
... and the beat goes on .... 
is suffering from circadian arrhythmia . :( With only three days off now , that DOESN'T make me happy ! 
Gettin ' serious and settlin ' in w/my voter's pamphlet and ballot today . All of you should too , if you haven't already !! 
Who are these mysterious cobs and who keeps letting them into my house to CONTINUALLY redecorate my ceilings and walls ! Out ! I say , OUT !!! And stay out !! 
Headin ' off to work again tonight , but at least I have time to make an appearance at a Halloween party for cupcakes and < PROPFEMALE > ! And I will be dressed appropriate in my Halloween scrubs !!! 
Dropped off our ballots and stopped by \The ' Horn\ " for lunch and to say hi to < PROPFIRST > ! It's a gorgeous day here in the valley ! Hope everyone's getting at least a little taste of it !! " 
Sweet motivation , why hast thou forsaken me this day ??? 
OK , OK , you talked me into it !! I'll be heading over to < PROPMALE > Creek Pizza before work tonight to < PROPFEMALE > with my peeps at open mic night ! Can't stay for all of it , but hey , a little love goes a looooooooonnng way !! 
Ugh . Developed viral symptoms overnight while I was working . Looking forward to going home , soaking in a hot tub to feel warm again and then pouring myself into bed after a melatonin night-(uh , day ? )cap . I really , really , really , really am not embracing this illness bit . I have things to do ! ( Little voice says , \Don't forget to look around ! Your life could always be worse than a measly little virus ! \")" 
Did anyone see my Monday ? I seem to have missed it ! 
Does anybody know how or where to reach < PROPFIRST > Hurtgen , I think she was class of ' 83 . 
When adopting a rescue basenji , it is advised that you allow a FULL four months for your new dog to acclimate and bond to it's new family environment . We picked up Eko on July 7 . Last night , for the first time ever , he decided to sleep with us on our bed . Hopefully , that means we're family now ! 
I have a HYPOTHETICAL question for everyone ( especially those NOT working in the veterinary field ) whether you own a pet or not : Please continue reading ... 
Hoping the weather holds ' til we make it to Portland ... and back ! Can't wait ! Looking forward to seeing the fam , even if it's not actually gonna be ON turkey day ! 
Our trip to Portland , and shopping the day before Thanksgiving , made me remember all things I do and do NOT love about the city !! 
Being reminded , once again , of just how brutal the weekend holidays can be in veterinary medicine . I feel like I've been hit by a ..., no make that two , BIG trucks , and I still have one more night to go . Eating ? Of course I'm eating . Which food groups do ibuprofen , tylenol and coffee fall into , again ? Everyone stay safe , and keep your pets healthy ! ( No , really ... I can't handle any more ! ) 
Made it through the weekend ( was beginning to have doubts if I could ! ) , slept all day Monday , and all night . Once I drink my coffee , I think I'll be feeling mostly alive again . Things to do , places to go !! Hope everyone's week is off to a great start !! 
Off to a little reggae & relaxation .... :) 
Hate it when I have a 10 hour shift ahead of me and I can't get my \napper\ " to kick into the \ " ON\ " position !! >:( Even for an hour ? C'mon! " 
Had a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s surprise party !! Boy , was he EVER surprised ! Went and watched the quaint little Grants Pass Christmas parade . I'm still freezing , but about to get ready and head off to work for the night ! 
Thinking tomorrow MIGHT be a good day to put up the Christmas tree !! 
Well , poop nuggets . Wanted to do a little shopping , but when I went to leave , my battery is dead . Really dead . What the hell ? ( and no , I didn't leave my lights on . I can't . Car won't let me . ) 
Today's goal : More \done\ " and less \ " do \"!" 
Feeling frustrated . Reminding myself to let go of those things I have no control over , and that it's my own responsibility if , when , and how I allow them to impact my life ... < DEEEEEEEEEEEEP cleansing breath in ................. and oooouuuuuuuuuuut > 
Headin ' to Medford to take < PROPFIRST > in for his 3-hour breath test . Apparently you can diagnose infection and inflammation just on breath alone ! Should be interesting ( and probably a little boring since it's 3 hours long ! ) . 
Shoulda known . All it took was a little TSO at high volume !! Now that I FEEL like it , I don't have TIME to decorate , cause I've gotta go to work !! Guess there's always ... Tuesday !! 
Only one more night of chocolate toxicities and random tragedies and illness , then I'll be able to get the Christmas tree up and decorated !! Actually , it's been a pretty good weekend . It helps me love my job when all my favorite patients recover so nicely ! Few things in life better than tail wags and kisses from a 98 lb Staffy ! 
Oops . Hubs came in at 11:15 am and asked me what time I wanted to get up . Went to bed at 10 pm . Circadian confusion !!! So much for the first half of today ! Seeing if I feel like decorating for Christmas . I think I probably do . Just gotta get the TSO blastin ' and it'll happen !! 
In deference to the imp dog and crazy cat have decided to go minimalist on the Christmas deco this year ! A few things on the top of the banquet and on the wall , and the front door decorated like a Christmas present . Got a whole lot of needed sorting done , too ! Thanks to DJ < PROPFIRST > Hollywood for providing the background music . Miss you !! ( FB is freakin ' out again , this is try #2 ! ) 
Lovin ' FB ! Pix that people posted helped me finish some special gifts today ! 
Lovin ' life today !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Just woke up after the longest night of the year !! Gotta say , I think my coworkers and I worked harder than < PROPFEMALE > last night . Not what we were expecting !! 
Heading out to have dinner with my husband tonight . He's that guy that lives in the same house with me , whom I haven't seen since .... oh , sometime last Thursday . Been nothing but work , work , work , and sleep . I am DONE !!! 
I am decisive ... today WILL be a more productive day than yesterday !! Has to be ... I didn't get ANYTHING done yesterday ! 
Slept on our new Memoryfoam mattress topper last night . Woke up with a kink in my neck . WTH ? 
AND ... the holidays are OVER !! Woohooo !! One more night at work , then 36 hrs off before I have to go back and cover vacation . Sad that I missed so many fun parties ( esp < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ) , and cool events ( the EPIC Reggae Rockin ' < PROPFEMALE > ) , but looking forward to lots of fun in ' 11 !! By the way , has anyone seen my flying car ? I'm SURE they said we'd all have ' em by now !! I mean , it's 2011 ! We are living in the FUTURE !! 
Woke up to get ready for my extra shift tonight , and found warm S'mores tarts waiting for me !!!! Does my husband love me or what ? 
Hi hi , hi ho ... 
Today I got my paycheck from working all those extra Christmas hours ! Then I promptly turned around and donated a taxi ride for a disabled vet in recovery who needed a round trip ride to his veterinarian to treat his cat's injured leg . Guess it's all just paying it forward . It was either that or adopt a new cat with a broken elbow , and that would have cost way more than $25 ! Anyway , he loved his < PROPFEMALE > . 
Three shifts down out of five this week . It's been different , going in at midnight , which means I've been getting up later , going to bed later ( like around noonish !? ) . I'll be glad to get back to my normal schedule of four 10's . Haven't REALLY taken a breath yet from the holiday chaos . I'm celebrating MY new year this coming week !! 
Today's a \get things done\ " kind of day !! First up : Christmas coming down ! " 
OMG ! Just started a new craft project with beads . Somewhat small beads compared to the big wood macrame beads I'm used to working with , and they needed to be sorted , by shapes x 2 or 3 sizes . I gave up on sorting by color . I guarantee I will NOT being doing any jewelry . Sorting these was about as closure to torture as I ever want to get !! UGH !! 
Warm coffee & warm fuzzies this morning ! I love my husband !! 
Had an AMAZING night with Alcyon Massive , Marko , the Escort Service , < PROPMALE > Casad , and others !! So much fun ! Wish I could go again , tonight , but I've gotta work :( < PROPFEMALE > excited for Alcyon Massive's new album to release , and < PROPMALE>'s , too ! Can't wait !! Thank you , guys , for all you do , for all you say , and for all the LOVE in Southern Oregon !! 
Headin ' out to do it again ! Happy New Year everybody ! ( Finally got my celebrating in last night , so I'm FINALLY feeling the spirit ! ) Better late than never ! 
Ugh . Woke up w/a head cold . Tonight it's lotion kleenex , OJ , and home made hot & sour soup w/fresh spinach , < PROPFEMALE > , and mushrooms added . My husband takes SUCH good care of me ! 
Kickin ' a reggae vibe today , tryin ' to kick this stupid cold ! Still on the OJ , and delish , nutrish , hot & sour soup that sooooooothes the throat ! Be SO glad when this is over . Thank you , Alcyon , as always , for the amazing music ! 
If you have a mate who is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ...... August 20 , 1988 
Headin ' in for my nap in prep for work tonight . Hoping this blasted sinus headache clears so I won't have to stab myself in the eye w/an icepick ( although it pretty much feels like someone already did ) . 
Feeling the need for a little sunshine in my life ! Guess I'll have to wait ' til Tuesday , at least . 
Can't believe I actually made it through the weekend ! Way too many patients , way too much pain ( in my own throat ) , and way too much ibuprofen on my liver . Went to bed at 9 am Monday , and woke up at 7 am today . Still have a sore throat , but feels like it might be down to a level perhaps tolerable w/some hot tea and soup . Still feel tired , though . 
I was optimistic yesterday morning ! Throat pain came back . Went to the dr. , negative for Strep A/B , but my symptoms said I probably have one of the other 4 strains they have to culture for . Now on dose 4 of Keflex & feeling on the mend . Not ready to give up my lotion kleenex , though ! I hate antibiotics and their side effects , but sometimes necessary . Now I'm just hoping I didn't infect < PROPFIRST > ! 
If any of you have ever thought your toddler was a challenge to your < PROPFEMALE > , I'd like to < PROPFEMALE > my basenji for a couple of days ! 
Let the sun shine .... let the sun shine .... the sun shine in !! 
So ... Larry < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is getting married for a 9th time , Rush Limbaugh x 4 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
Biggest Super Bowl Commercial Winner IMO : Darth Vader followed by the Bridgestone Beaver & Budweiser . Biggest Fail : Groupon . Seriously ? \ 
How do ya'll vote ? ( And for the record , no , I didn't watch the game . I got 10 great hours of sleep today ! :) I just watched the commercials on the net ! It's the way I roll ! 
Should be an exciting day ! Lots to do , starting w/barium cocktails for the hubs ! No coffee for him today :( 
\The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
Today's success : My phone is working - on my old phone number !! Yay ! Only took 40 days and 5 sim cards ! Ridiculous ! \ 
Today's fail : Went to meet the dog we were considering adopting . Got bit . He will not be joining us . 
TRSD has cut 15 more days from the teacher's salaries , resulting in a 160 day school year . The reduction in days means the district will not meet state requirements for instructional time for those in fourth grade and up . District officials are planning to apply for a waiver from the state . \ 
I don't even have children in school anymore , but this really concerns me . 
After coffee , I'm gonna try to get my husband to hit up Cathedral Hills with me ! 
Wow . Just tried the ' Friends Finder ' on FB . Have to say I was actually surprised that < PROPFIRST > Bacon's name wasn't there ! Everyone else in Grants Pass sure was ! And their friends ... and their friends ... and their friends .... and their friends .... and their .. 
REFOCUSING . Feeling a little dry from all the negative I've been feeling lately . Refocusing on the positive , the good , the fun , the sun , the spring .... etc . Saw my first turkey vulture of the year on our hike on Thursday ! Spring may already be here !! 
Found out something cool ! The new photo view that everyone hates ? If you go to look at pictures and the black box thing shows up , you just hit the F5 button and it takes you to the old format . ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > Tannehill ! ) 
TGIF !! 
I swear !! Over the past couple of weeks ... if it ain't one thing , it's at least two or three others !! S'ok . Just gonna keep smilin ' and roll with it . 
And again I am reminded . You think you're having a bad day ? Look around , someone else is having a worse one !! 
Called in for an extra shift tonight . Hi ho , hi ho ! 
You aren't a good person just because you tell yourself you are . What makes you a good person is allegiance to the higher good and to love at all costs . The higher good includes everyone , not just yourself . It takes a strong integrity to your friends , your loved and not-so-loved ones , and humankind on the whole . It takes honesty , and it takes facing your obstacles head on , not pretending they do not exist . 
Ugh ! 3 am migraine that's been going on since about 11 pm . I SHOULD have had a cup of coffee when I got up at 7 pm ! I'd be asleep now ! Giving in to the pain and drinking it now ! 
Up at 3 am on my day off . It's starting to feel like Nap Time ! 
Listening to a replay of Alcyon Massive's Ninja Gig on Takilmafm.com . Just started , and the music's about to start ! It was a great show , in a great laid-back venue . Wanna know who I'm always talking about ? Tune in ! 
Woke up at 5:30 am . Gotta work tonight , so that's probably not a good thing . There will definitely be a nap in my future today . Hope everyone has a great Thursday ! 
Taxes are done & filed !! Yay !!!!!!!! 
Taking a deep breath , a deep bath , and heading off to bed to do it again tonight . Sure hope the clouds clear soon cuz ' the bad weather's getting unbearable ! 
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared .  - Buddha\ 
Posted on Single Dad Laughing today , but a quote a really like ! 
Feeling accomplished that I've gotten projects around the house furthered this week ! Got the dog tub installed in the laundry room , got fixtures yesterday ( plumbing is pending ) , worked on my hippie chandelier ( MIGHT share when I'm done , if I'm happy with it ) , and got the guest bed assembled . 
Daylight Savings Time = An hour less to get all the work done , and last night it was with half the people ( i.e. , just me ! ) . Off to bed ! Hope everyone has a great day !! 
Interesting thing I noted about the Japan disaster : All the residents are waiting in quiet , orderly lines for their supplies . There is no looting , no breaking into stores , no one running through the \streets\ " stealing random TVs from broken houses . I salute them as a society ! " 
$479.00 for eye exam and new glasses . OUCH ! 
Took a nice drive to the coast today to offer our economic support ( by purchasing coffee and dinner ) and rubberneck . Had ALL the weather - sun , rain , snow , sleet ! < PROPFEMALE > on the beach , though ! Had a couple nice looooong walks with Eko , an AMAZING sunset , and a blizzard on the way home at the Oregon border ! I'll post some pix tomorrow . This girl's tired , and I'm goin ' to bed ! 
Feeling Irie ! Oh , wait , maybe that's < PROPFEMALE > !?! 
Getting really excited for spring vacation , even if it IS supposed to rain ! Missing our little < PROPFEMALE > Paddie Pumpkin Pie ! 
And for this week's adventure ? I'll be transporting six ( yes , SIX ) 3 month old pit bull puppies to Born Again Pit Bull Rescue in Portland ! Now that's MY kind of adventure !! 
Husband and Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the year you were married .... 1988 . Sure doesn't seem like that long -- I Love You , < PROPFIRST > ! ???? 
TRYING to find something to do on the road w/the ( rug)rats . Caves closing due to snow on the roads , raining hard/blowing SW , ugly east , so we're heading for only slightly damp beaches in the Nwesterly direction ! Wish us luck ! Call our cells if you need us ! Coos Bay here we come ! 
Crazy trip to the beach ! Weather changed every two seconds from semi-cloudy to total squalls w/sideways rain and wind so hard you were walking at a 60 degree < PROPFEMALE > ! Still had fun , played in the sand , ate out , and spent the night in one of those ugly little beach motels . < PROPFEMALE > thought the bedspreads were beautiful ! LOL ! 
Having a good visit w/Ian & < PROPFEMALE > ! Went hiking in the rain yesterday and even took < PROPFEMALE > , the newest addition to our fam ( pix soon , I promise ! ) . Managed to get poison oak from her , though , which I don't think I've ever had ! Maybe heading up to 8 Dollar today since the weather's a little nicer ! 
So , if I wanted to see some live music in So O tonight , is there anything going on ? 
Had a fun day hiking ' n playing w/the dogs . Now we're gonna put our tired dogs to bed and head over to Ashland for a little entertainment . Open mic at < PROPFIRST>'s - any of my boys gonna be there ? < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Skip ? Anyone ? 
Needed : More vacation , more sunshine , more music , more family , more friends ... Ever try to do a mental reboot only to find that someone designated the problem file as your screen-saver when you weren't looking ? 
