10 days ' till colllege ... :O 

House ! Best show ever ! Woohoo ! 
Yay chem 144 cancelled :) only one class for my first day of school :) 
First class today ... 
Huskies won ! The last qaurter of that game was amazing !!! 
Time to start lab report ... 
Yay lab report finished 
Midterm study time ... Maybe ... 
I have 100 friends :O 
Yes , finished with lab report ... 
Hmmm ... The class average for our math midterm is 24/40 
Totally not ready for chemistry midterm ... 
I give up studying , I'm going to bed , and if I dream of chemistry I'm killing a small furry creature ... 
I've seen every episode of Futurama , now I'm 1/3 of the way through South Park , what next !?!?! 
Theres something strange about watching satan sing a musical ... 
As strong and flexible as Gumby and Hercules Combined ! Gumbercules !! 
If we can hit that bullseye , the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . Checkmate . 
It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus . All year long , the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter , while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV . But then the winter came , and the grasshopper died , and the octopus ate all his acorns . Also he got a race car . Is any of this getting through to you ? 
Emotions are dumb and should be hated . 
So many memories , so many strange fluids gushing out of patients’ bodies 
You win again , gravity ! 
GO UW !!! 
I wish I TV from the east coast so I could watch House early ... I have nothing to do . 
Bribe is such an ugly word ... I prefer extortion , the X makes it sound cool . 
Oh , I always feared he might run off like this . Why , why , why didn't I break his legs ? 
Well , I went to a physics seminar as a homework assignment , this is what they had on screen : Accepting the color glass picture as an asymptotic for very high parton density and large saturation scale Qs --> (infinity ) , one should ask what should happen in the case of saturation scale falling to intermediate momenta Qs ~ . 3– 1.5 GeV associated with ‘‘strongly coupled window . ’’ 
Without my body I'm a nobody ... 
Yes ! Done with classes , now only 5 hours of finals and I'm DONE ! 
Si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes ... 
Well , at least they won't have mourn each other . 
No , he's not a zombie . But I don't want people to think I'm incompetent , so I'd better kill him just to be sure . 
I love deadlines . I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by . 
Why do we give up our hearts to the past ? And why must we grow up so fast ? 
Yes ! Autumn quarter is over ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Rise up this mornin ' , Smiled with the risin ' sun , Three little birds Pitch by my doorstep Singin ' sweet songs Of melodies pure and true , Sayin ' , \this is my message to you-ou-ou :\ "" 
How many times must a man look up , before he can see the sky ? 
The sky ... It's blue ! Who would've known ? 
Why do Nicomachean Ethics have to be so boring ? 
Once upon a midnight dreary , while I pondered weak and weary , / Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten < PROPFEMALE >,/ While I nodded , nearly napping , suddenly there came a tapping , / As of some one gently rapping , rapping at my chamber door . 
Wow , kidneys sell for over $100 thousand on the street :O Maybe I should go to med school :P 
I think my doppelgänger is pretty close 
What are you hacking off ? Is it my torso ?! It is ! My precious torso ! 
Thanks everyone ! :) 
Si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes 
??? ???????? ??????? 
Can anyone explain to me how counterexamples contribute to the argument in Hume's \Skeptical Doubts Concerning the Operations of the Understanding \"?" 
In the beginning the Universe was created . This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move . 
It is a mistake to think you can solve any < PROPMALE > problems with just potatoes 
So , I now have half a < PROPFEMALE > , double spaced , to explain how existence is not a predicate , but merely the positing of a thing , the copula of a judgment ... 
A common mistake people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools . 
Why do exam weeks always coincide with the < PROPFEMALE > days ? 
Is it weird that I find reading the Critque of Pure Reason interesting ? 
Tell me , - have the lambs stopped screaming ? 
Uh-oh , acid math is back ... In chem lab , I somehow calculated the exact concentration needed for a particular voltage in a galvanic cell , using one equation , with apparently arbitrary values ... It works perfectly , in five less steps than the book ... and I'm the only one who understands it ... My lab partner calls it magic , I call it AP calc Déjà vu . 
Human beings , who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others , are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so . 
I hate it when the voices argue ... 
There's a town in Wales named Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch 
Yes , got into psychology , with chemistry and math I now oficially have a full schedule . 
This is my simple religion . There is no need for < PROPFEMALE > s ; no need for complicated philosophy . Our own brain , our own heart is our < PROPFEMALE > ; the philosophy is kindness . 
Why is it so difficult to find the motivation to study ? 
Well , failed my math final , only two more to go ! 
My Philosophy final : unintelligible answers to insoluble problems 
Quick ! Can fingerprints be pulled off a raccoon ? No time ! NO TIME ! 
After many years , I have decided I no longer care where < PROPMALE > is because we do not have any sort of reciprocal relationship . 
Winter quarter is oficially over ! 
You have your way . I have my way . As for the right way , the correct way , and the only way , it does not exist . 
I accidentally ran over a leprachaun . I brought it home and cooked it up . TRAGICALLY DELICIOUS ! 
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker , emptier and simpler . 
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a < PROPFEMALE > which is inspired by the smell of carrion ? 
Are there no stones in heaven , but what serve for the thunder ? 
Does the world really need another rhetorical question ? 
A bus station is where a bus stops . A train station is where a train stops . On my desk , I have a work station ... 
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you ? 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
I like peeling the skin off my victims before I eat them 
Haikus are easy . But sometimes they don’t make sense . Refrigerator . 
As a computer , I find your faith in technology amusing . 
I am sorry I offended you - I should have lied . 
Never seek the wind in the field . It is useless to try and find what is gone . 
A witticism is an epigram on the death of a feeling . 
Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population . 
When you choke a smurf , what color does it turn ? 
I see a red door and I want it painted black 
So apparently murder carries a lesser fine that illegally downloading music 
Moths must love dying because they get to go towards the light . Ughh ... I just anthropomorphised moths with unverified human ideas about death . 
So walking to class two different people looked at me , did a double take , and tripped . Either there is a brain slug on my head or they're still high from tuesday . 
Music is the doctor , Makes you feel like you want to ! Listen to the doctor , Just like you ought to ! Music is the doctor of my soul ...! 
Stop , children , what's that sound ? Everybody look what's going down . 
Wahrlich , ein schmutziger Strom ist der Mensch . Man muß schon ein Meer sein , um einen schmutzigen Strom aufnehmen zu können , ohne unrein zu werden . 
Putting the laughter back into manslaughter . 
If a wolf can take down a deer from either flank , does that make him bambidextrous ? 
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of < PROPMALE>'s No More Tears , would it create beautiful irony ? 
Without me , it's just aweso . 
Word scramble ! \ 
1 ) PNEIS\ 
2 ) HTILER\ 
3 ) NGGEIR\ 
4 ) BUTTSXE 
Imagine there were no hypothetical \ 
situations . 
Tennis is a fickle sport . No matter how \ 
good you are at it , a wall will always be better . 
I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives . 
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity . 
It appears the location of my fist and \ 
your head are not mutually exclusive ! It is a probability miracle ! 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill themselves , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
Who doesn't get knock knock jokes ? Homeless people ! 
Why do they put Braille on the drive-through bank machines ? 
Haha according to < PROPMALE > , guys with blonde hair are evil . I'm glad I break the mold . 
Can you believe this guy , officer ? Committing suicide in my trunk without my permission ! There should be some kind of law about this ... 
Just watched a really good vampire movie ! Twilight didn't destroy the genre after all ! 
What are man's truths ultimately ? Merely his irrefutable errors . 
Never yield to remorse , but at once tell yourself : remorse would simply mean adding to the first act of stupidity a second . 
As soon as areligion comes to dominate , it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples . 
How come spacecraft in movies always lose life support , weapons etc . in their epic battles , but the artificial gravity never stops working ? Even when they explode ? 
Haha creationists are so stupid , I almost feel like I'm wasting my time laughing at them . 
If ' pro ' is the opposite of ' con ' , is ' progress ' the opposite of ' congress' ? 
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicap people at the Special Olympics ? 
If electricity comes from electrons , does morality come from morons ? 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery . 
The Shawshank Redemption was great . Possibly top 5 ? 
reckons anti-wrinkle cream doesn't work . If it did , women wouldn't have any fingerprints . 
I just ran 3.5 < PROPMALE > in 30 minutes ! Ha ! Just kidding , I ate some ice cream . 
One final down , two to go ! 
People reckon I'm too patronising ( that means I treat them as if they're stupid ) . 
For Sale : Parachute . Only used once , never opened , small stain . 
Yay Blackhawks ! I don't like you , but I hate the Flyers more ... than anything ... except finals ... 
Less than two days left , then back to Washington's great weather :( 
Back to Washington tomorrow ... I'm going to miss ocean water thats warmer than 90% of the days throughout the washington year :( Oh , and the sun , I'll miss that too ... And the good seafood ... 
I need a vacation ... 
I may always be late but I'm always fun ! :) 
Haha i love Spaceballs :) 
\Put your hands in the air like you just don't care\ " is offensive to those of us in the apathy community . But whatever . " 
My subscription brings all the newspapers to the yard . 
I want a beard so I can scratch it while I judge . 
Just read that California leads the nation in depression cases and adultery . What a sad state of affairs . 
Never , ever make absolute , unconditional statements . 
For sale : parachute . Only used once , never opened , small \ 
stain 
Next time there's a war in Europe , the loser has to keep < PROPFEMALE > . 
If I ever get the urge to sneak into North Korea , I want < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to save me . 
Given how many times they've been screwed by hurricanes , it's time to change the name of the Virgin Islands . 
Dropped a pencil , but I caught it before it hit the ground . The ninja behind me said , \Whoa . \ " Then we high-fived . " 
I love when I open a document and my monitor says WORD and I'm like YO . 
Move into my dorm tomorrow ... This should be fun . 
I throw my Xbox in the air sometimes \ 
Singin ' aayyoo , lets play some Halo 
I am currently locked in epic mortal combat with a particularly scrappy orange ... Take that ! OH NO !! PLEASE NO !! MY EYE !!!! AAAARRRRRRGGGHHHH ........ \ 
\ 
It's OK everyone , I won ! :) 
\We are oft to blame in this . ' Tis too much proved that with devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself . \"" 
First day of English , looks to be another typical easy English class ... \ 
Well I guess if I get bored one day I could get an English degree , you know , just for something to do . :P 
I hate O Chem ... I want to soak my book in cis-1 , 2-dimethylcyclopropane and ignite it . 
I'd like to know the series of events leading up to the first guy discovering cows had milk in them 
Wow ! The Vatican declared child sex abuse a crime ! Next thing you know they'll ban burning protestants , witches , and other heretics :D 
Today is a day commemorating theft , kidnap , rape and attempted genocide ! But it's OK cause we're the victors :D Happy < PROPMALE > day everyone ! 
Someone should make a movie where something unusual appears , and the scientists want to study it and the military wants to shoot it . 
I'm pretty sure I just raped that exam ... Pretty sure cause it may have been willing . 
I'm going to found a Nazi-themed breakfast joint named Luftwaffles 
I don't lie . I have , however , invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings . 
Woohoo great game Huskies !! 
Why are these Facebook status updates so much more interesting than usual ? Oh , because this isn't Facebook - it's a mattress label . My bad . 
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything . 
I wonder if there's WiFi in hell ... 
Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness . And they live by what they hear . Such people become crazy ... or they become legends . 
To most Christians , the Bible is like a software license . Nobody actually reads it . They just scroll to the bottom and click “I agree . ” 
“It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Tragedy is when I cut my finger . Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die . 
Could yield signs be any more Canadian ? \You might have to stop . I'm not sure . You decide . Do you like me ? I'm on a street ! \"" 
When one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity ; when many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion . 
The Republicans have been in control of the house for 2 hours and unemployment is still 10% . Is it too late to change ? 
I can't wait to start blaming the GOP for everything wrong in < PROPFEMALE > not being magically fixed upon their election to office . 
I just read a list of ' the 100 things to do before you die ' . I'm pretty surprised ' yell for help ' wasn't one of them ... 
I have something obviously misguided and sarcastic to say about this current event . I am posting it here in the hope of sparking an enormous debate , and I am super bored . 
What would happen if Pinocchio said : \my nose will grow now \"?" 
My profile pic is now epic . 
Ever step on a Lego and then kill yourself just to make the pain stop ? 
How many times is it appropriate to say \what ? \ " before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said ? " 
How often do we refuse to accept an idea merely because the way in which it has been expressed is unsympathetic to us ? 
I would be less of an introvert if the conversations in my head were not more interesting than the conversations I have with other people . 
Not all those who wander are lost . 
Yay Huskies ! 
? _ ? 
After I die , I want a disease named after me . The symptoms would include \being amazingly awesome at everything . \"" 
Snow , snow , I love snow 
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid 
Body scans and genital fondlings would save more lives if our Government\ 
was paying to have them done in hospitals rather than airports . 
Do dyslexic atheists not believe in dog ? 
Egotist : a person more interested in themselves than in me . 
Of all the possible utensils that could have been invented to eat rice with , how did two sticks win out ? 
Yeah , I'm up at 2:00 am downloading 5.21 GB of physics textbooks and lectures , so what ? 
People talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty , but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts ; a beast can never be so cruel as a man , so artistically cruel . 
What would happen if you hired two private investigators to follow each other ? 
Go Huskies ! 
Woohoo ! Huskies ! 
Always do right . This will gratify some people , and astonish the rest . 
My favorite number is e 
There should be more than one kind of handicapped parking placard . \I have no legs\ " and \ " My knees gave out at 350 lbs\ " aren't the same . " 
Yes , I know from where I come ! \ 
Insatiable like the fire\ 
Do I glow , consume myself . \ 
Light is everything that I seize , \ 
Ashes everything that I leave :\ 
Fire am I without fail . 
TSA Terrorist Profile : male/female , aged 1 to 112 , wearing clothes and traveling in US airports . 
No < PROPFIRST > believes in < PROPMALE > . 
One final down , three to go ! 
Those poor Haitians ... Haven't they been through enough ? 
Two finals down , two to go ... 
Hasselsack sucks 
Kids , on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > WILL break in to your house . He wants to STEAL YOUR COOKIES . If he has an \accident\ " the law is on your side . " 
Mainstream Media : Obama signs repeal of DADT . \ 
Fox News : Foreigner masquerading as President admits he's gay . 
If you do a Google Image search for the number ' 241543903 ' , you will find out why the human race is awesome . 
Seahawks !!!! 
:) :\ 
Bipolar 
Does < PROPFEMALE > Palin know that \blood libel\ " is usually an allegation that Jews kill Christian children to use their blood for the ritual of making unleavened bread ? Does she just skim through a dictionary until she finds something that sounds smart ? " 
Using the twin guns of grace and tact , I blasted our worthless enemies with a fair compromise . \ 
I love Futurama 
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music 
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes ? 
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed . 
Mouth piercings look like robot herpes . 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently 
All things are subject to interpretation . Whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth . 
My essay for this engineering application reeks of bullshit and broken dreams disguised as lessons learned . It's a winner ! 
If you're having trouble with using the correct your/you're , just use \ur\ " because ur a retard . " 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Attention : Tonight I will attempt to travel back in time and change history . You will know I have succeeded if Germany loses World War II and Wednesday follows Tuesday . 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > threw 50m at Liverpool for Torres 
If Monday had a face I would punch it 
A Clockwork Orange is a strange , interesting movie 
I'm half Asian . All white people are . But my Cauc part is larger . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Some people don't understand that skinny jeans and fat genes don't go well together . 
We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it's forever . 
I wish was riding a dinosaur right now . 
Those who believe absurdities will commit atrocities . 
I'll accept the ' fat fingers ' excuse for typos but if you screw up your/you're I'm going to need to see a doctor's note explaining your IQ . 
Inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless . 
I refuse to be an organ donor . Mainly because I'd like to be a fully-functional zombie if I rise for the apocalypse . 
According to chemists , alcohol IS a solution ... 
I just completed all my chemistry and physics work ! Ha ! Just kidding , I ate some ice cream . 
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you . This is the principal difference between a dog and man . 
There is a time and a place for accosting people with baguettes . 
Si hoc non legere potes tu asinus es ! 
When cryptography is outlawed , bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl . 
I'm no geophysicist , but I'm pretty sure that earthquake was caused by Godzilla 
My brain hurts . That means it's getting stronger . Right ? 
Just remember , if you don't sin , Jesus died for nothing . 
In some parts of the world , it's considered rude to be a woman . 
I accidentally mixed the I Can't Believe It's Not Butter in with the regular butter and NOW I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO BELIEVE ! 
I'd eat more Mexican food if it didn't look like someone had already eaten it before me . 
I want to learn combat sambo . 
April Fools ' is exhausting . I can't wait for tomorrow when I can return to blindly accepting everything I hear . 
I miss the good old days when rock stars abused drugs and alcohol . Now they abuse auto-tune and Photoshop . 
I hate it when a bar of soap gets visibly dirty . I want to clean it , but down that road lies madness . 
