is stayin in with Kalen and the parents tonight :) Waitin on Kalen and daddy to get done shuckin oysters so I can have my boyfriend back ! lol 

is about to watch a movie with mom ... waitin on Kalen to get outta the woods and join us :) 
is layin out :) 
is hoping to see her wonderful boyfriend today :) 
is hangin out with Kalen tonight :) 
loves Kalen :) 
loves Kalen < PROPMALE > (: 
is goin to the barn to ride :) 
is hangin out with Kalen tonight ! Can't wait :) 
\One day someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked with anyone else . \ " <3 kcm . " 
is out to ride her little red horse and aggravate the yella one ! :) 
is going to bed . 
is going to the game with kalen tonight :) 
is going to big cedar with Kalen :) 
is around the house with Kalen :) 
loves Kalen Mcconnell ! 
had a really bad day :/ 
came home early from school . About to go ride , then get ready for Kalen to come get me ! Today is our four months :) 
has been at the barn cleanin up all day . Can't wait to see the love of my life tonight :) 
is about to make a lemon pie for Kalen :) 
just got done loadin the trailer and gettin < PROPFIRST > ready . Runnin in Burkeville today , then a bonfire with Kalen tonight :) 
is working on her research paper . 
loves Kalen < PROPMALE > Mcconnell a whole lot :) 
& hearts ; Kalen Mcconnell 
is hanging out with Kalen tonight :) 
is goin to the < PROPFIRST > Moore concert with Kalen :) 
can't WAIT to go to Moultrie with Kalen tomorrow :) 
is really happy with life and the people in it :) Ready for the weekend ! 
is with Kalen tonight :) 
had a great weekend :) Can't wait till Halloween ! 
is ready for tonight :) 
had a ggrrreeaaatt night last night :) At the house watchin movies with mom , waitin on the love of my life to get outta the woods and come join us :) 
Mcconnell & hearts ; 
had a grrreeaaattt weekend :) Can't wait to see Kalen again tomorrow ! It never gets old :) 
is at Kalens :) 
just got home from Montene's . Fixin to go ride , then do tonnnnsssss of homework ! Can't wait till the concert Thursday :) 
had soooo much fun at the concert ! Excited for tonight too :) 
is at Kalen's! About to go out for the night :) 
had so much fun last night with Kalen :) About to go to Montene's! Can't wait to be with the love of my life tonight :) 
has the flu :( 
feels like crap :( Went to the er last night because I was having an allergic reaction and still doesn't feel any better . 
is tired of being at home ... ready to go back to school ! 
wants to get outta this house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can't wait till Friday :) 
loves Kalen < PROPMALE > ! && feels very lucky :) 
cleanin up around the house ... ready for ANOTHER great night with my wonderful boyfriend :) 
at Kalens watchin the game :) About to go out for the night ! 
is waitin on Kalen and daddy to get back from the huntin land . Fixin to go ride , then shoot , then go to Acadamy :) 
has the best boyfriend in the worrrrld :) 
is goin have dinner with family :) 
is home from Kalen's . Had a great night :) School tomorrow , huntin till dark , then hangin out with Kalen :) 
is at home , with Kalen :) 
loves Kalen Chadddd !!! Can't wait till Saturday :) 
is at kalens , fixin to go get pizza :) Can't wait for his party saturday ! 
is huntin in hurtsboro in the mornin , then havin dinner with the family :) 
is home from Kalens ! So excited about tomorrow :) 
is goin huntin this afternoon , then gettin ready for tonight :) 
loves Kalen < PROPMALE > Mcconnell :) 
is puttin up the Christmas tree and decoratin the house with mom and Kalen :) Cookin dinner and watchin Christmas movies afterwards ! I looove my boyfriend :) 
is at Kalen's! :) 
& hearts ; Kalen < PROPMALE > Mcconnell :) R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . 
-happy 7 months Kalen < PROPMALE > :) 
is cuddled up on the couch with her three little dogs waitin on Kalen to get hom from huntin ! Goin to Bass Pro tomorrow to get our picture taken with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is goin to a family Christmas thing with Kalen tonight :) 
is doing Christmas with Kalen and the family tonight :) 
is waitin on Kalen to get outta the woods ! Then meetin mom and dad at Hooters to eat :) 
is gone huntin . 
loves Kalen Mcconnell :) 
had a great day at school ! :) About to go ride , then cook dinner and wait on Kalen < PROPMALE > to get off work and come homeee ! :) 
Mcconnell & hearts ; had another great weekend ! :) 
Mcconnell & hearts ; is watchin greys anatomy with mom ! Can't wait till the weekend :) 
Mcconnell & hearts ; is goin shoppin with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Mcconnell & hearts ; loves Kalen ! Happy 8 months :) 
is at Kalens ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
found her < PROPMALE > charmin :) 
is hanging out with Kalen tonight ! :) 
is home from the movies . Dear < PROPFIRST > was so sad :( About to go cook dinner for Kalen :) 
is going out to ride :) 
can't WAIT till < PROPFIRST>'s dayyy ! :) 
is done with horses for the day . Waiting on Kalen to get off work and come see me :) 
can not wait till valentines day !! Has big plans :) 
had the best time playin in the snow with Kalen and mom . About to eat and cuddle up for a movie :) 
is watching Greys Anatomy and Private Practice with mom :) 
about to go ride , then get ready ! Can't wait for tonight :) 
Subway with Kalen then home to watch a movie :) 
is home from Kalen's . Had a really really good day :) 
had so much fun at the beach with her wonderful boyfriend :) 
is lovin life right about now :) 
just sent my dress off to be altered ! About to tend to the ponies and start dinner for Kalen :) 
headed to < PROPFIRST > for a barrel race :) 
had a reaaaalllly good weekend ! Can't wait till the next :) 
is about to go for a run then get the horses ridden for the day . Can't wait till the weekend with my wonderful boyfriend ! :) 
is finishing up a paper for zoology ! Ready to get the horses ridden and go for a run . Soooo happy I'm staying out tomorrow :) 
goin to the Rudds to make a run on < PROPMALE > today ! :) 
had so much fun ridin horses with Kalen today :) Waitin on him and daddy to cook the steaks so we cane eat !! 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s . everything is done for prom now ! :) 
is waitin on the freakin < PROPFEMALE > to ring . 
loves Kalen Mcconnell ! :) 
feels like crap ... really wants to go home :( 
is gettin Krystals with mom and my wonderful boyfriend :) then home to watch a movie ! 
had SO much fun at prom ! Can not wait till next year :) goin on a trail ride with Kalen today :) 
has the best boyfriend in the whoooooole wide world :) 
is at < PROPFEMALE>'s ridin :) 
is in the kitchen makin dinner for Kalen and daddy ! Movie with my sweet heart later :) 
is ready for the weekend . 
is picking Montene and Grace up then headin to a barrel race ! :) 
is going on a picnic at flatrock with kalen today for our eleven months ! :) 
thinks it's possible that she could be happier than anyone in the whole world ! :) 
is looking forward to another fun weekend with my love :) 
is hanging out with the love of her life tonight :) 
is feeling very lucky right about now ! fixin to watch shutter island with my lovely boyfriend :) 
goin out to ride :) 
can't wait till tomorrow ! Photo shoot at the AU campus and then going fishing with the love of my life , Kalen < PROPMALE > Mcconnell :) 
is gone fishin :) 
has been laying around all day watching movies with mom ! Waiting on my love to get off , then going out ! :) 
is waiting on daddy , kalen , and uncle < PROPFIRST > to come home from huntin . Can't wait to see my love :) 
got the stalls stripped . Whew . 
has only 18 days of school left :) 
wishes the weekend would hurry up . 
is watchin Grey's Anatomy at Kalens :) 
ready for tonight ! :) 
had fun in < PROPMALE > last night with kalen ! On the way to hooters with mom then going shopping :) 
had another great weekend with my wonderful boyfriend ! Feelin pretty blessed right about now :) 
is around the house with Kalen Mcconnell :) 
doin some stuff around the house , then hangin out at Kalen Mcconnell's! :) 
is at Kalen's with mom and dad and his family cooking out for mothers day :) 
is the luckiest girl alive :) 
at Kalen's :) 
is siked about tonight ! Here we go !!! 
is headin to a barrel race with yella and < PROPFIRST > :) 
so tomorrow is our one year anniversary ... time FLIES when you're having as much fun as we do :) I love you Kalen Mcconnell !!! 
at the mall with ash ! Can't wait to see what kalen has planned for tonight :) 
had a GREAT time last night with Kalen ! It was perfect :) 
is thinking about a barrel race tomorrow ! Hmm ... where to . 
is cuddled up on the couch watchin a movie with kalen :) Kinda thinking she has the best boyfriend in the entire world ! 
is goin to the river ! :) 
is floating around in the pool ! :) 
is taking her wonderful boyfriend something to eat before he goes to his next class ! :) 
is at Kalen's :) 
is cuddled up in bed with my puppy :) can't wait till my love is here tomorrow ! 
layin out with ash :) 
is headin to a barrel race with < PROPFIRST > and yella :) 
is goin for a run :) 
is home studying :/ but will be with my love tonight !! :) 
at SU waitin on Kalen to get out of class ! :) 
is up way to freakin early ! Goin to ride with Montene , the out and about with Ash :) \\n 
is waiting to take the ACT . ugh :( 
getting my nails done , then goin running with ash p g , and going out with my love :) 
is headin to the water with my love :) 
is headin to Lawlers with Yella :) 
is loving her life right about now :) 
is getting her drapes done today :) 
is very much in love with Kalen Mcconnell :) 
is headin to the lake with ash , < PROPFIRST > , and the mother in law :) can't wait to see my love tonight ! 
is hangin around the barn :) 
is getting a late lunch with kalen :) 
is headed to finals . Run grace run :) 
had more fun at the barrel race today than i've had in a long time , and is so proud of Bay Doll :) Relaxing at the house with my love tonight :) 
is at home , spending time with the best friend/best boyfriend in the world :) 
is fishin :) 
headin to the water :) 
is spending the day at Callaway Gardens with Kalen :) 
is at the house with Ash ! About to watch the hangover :) 
is at Kalen's , waiting on AshPG , then heading out for the night :) Is stokkkkkkkkkked about Unadilla tomorrow !! 
is back on the road headin to Unadilla ! :) 
made a clean run on < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! :) :) :) 
wants to go to the lake !!! 
has been lazy today . With my love in just a little bit :) 
LOVES her new pro rider :) 
is curled up on the couch with my best good friend ... slash boyfriend :) 
is siked about running < PROPFIRST > this weekend :) 
is leaving for the beach in ... 7 days !! :) 
is on the way to a barrel race with mom and Kalen ! and the kids :) 
leaves for the beach in ... three days !!!!! :) 
ahhh beach :) 
is home from the beach and reaaaalllly wants to go back !! Work at five :( 
doesn't think it's quite hit me yet that I'll be graduating high school in less than a year ... 
is with apg :) \\n-ilovekalen :) 
had a lot of fun last night !! Senior year is going to be amazing :) 
is with kalen and hawk ... dreading school tomorrow :( 
is heading off to my last first day of school :) 
is trying to get motivated to go to the barn ... 
Well , I like the way your hair falls in your face . You got the keys to me , I love each freckle on your face . Oh , I've never been so wrapped up , < PROPFEMALE > I like the way you're everything I ever wanted & hearts ; 
is going on a trail ride with Montene and Kalen :) 
is about to go for a run , then out to eat with my love , then to < PROPFIRST>'s with all my favorite people :) 
is about to get my hair colored for the first time ever ! Siked about tonight :) 
is on the way to the mx track in Auburn with my love :) 
work at five ! Can't wait to see Mr. Mcconnell :) 
Now hold that thought & hearts ; 
is relaxing for a little bit before work ! Can't wait to spend a little time with my love tonight :) 
is headin to the mx track in AU with my love and some friends :) 
is at home catching up on some stuff ! Waiting to see Kalen < PROPMALE > tonight :) 
is waiting for it to cool off so I can go ride ! Loving life and everyone in it right about now :) 
is headed to a barrel race tonight ! :) 
is hoping for < PROPMALE > this weekend ! Spending time with my love tonight ... after the horses ;) 
is going to Loco's with mom for lunch ! Then home to ride Stoney and Yella :) 
really needs to find a barrel race to go to this weekend ! Does anybody know of ANYTHING ? 
got Stoney clipped , bathed , loaded and ready ! About to head to < PROPMALE > ! Run Stoner run ! :) 
had fun in < PROPMALE > last night ! Work till 8 , then to Kalen Mcconnell's :) 
is watching Wrong Turn with < PROPFIRST > , Kalen , and mom :) Whitewater in the morning ! 
has the best boyfriend in the whoooooooooooooooooole world :) 
is excited about this weekend ! Dinner and a movie with my love tomorrow , work and then out with friends Saturday , and a barrel race Sunday ! Perfect :) 
lost a good friend last night . RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
10 days till my birthday !!! :) 
is in < PROPMALE > today at a barrel race . Run yella run :) 
7 days till my birthday . Weeee . Not so thrilling after all . 
“Journeys end in lovers meeting . ” 
needs two trail saddles ! Around a fifteen inch and then a kids saddle . Let me know if you have any to get rid of . 
has had an amazing weekend ! Loving this puppy my wonderful boyfriend got me :) 
Thank yall for the happy birthday's!!! It was great :) 
i'm seventeen ... what seventeen year old wants to stay home all the time . Ughhh . 
is loving Senior year so far !! Can't wait till this weekend with my bffffffff < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Griffin and my other one , Kalen Mcconnell :) 
is at loco's with AshPG :) 
Senior Parade was a blast :) Pep rally later , then work , then the game , then staying with ash ! Busy night :) 
is wishing i was in Lafayette :( 
is at dinner with my love , at Fuji ! For our one year and five months :) 
wants a horse so bad she could scream . 
is home from church ! Pickin up a horse , then goin to work later :) 
Needs a barrel race this weekend . Anything ? 
is at work . It is so slow tonight . Someone come see me ! 
is heading to work , then to see paranormal activity with my love !! Can't wait till tomorrow :) 
mud bog in auburn with my love :) 
is so happy to be off work on a Friday ! Having a fire at the house with a few friends :) 
on the way to < PROPFIRST > for a barrel race ! 
has the sweetest boyfriend ever ! I'm sick so he brought me breakfast this morning , and some stuff to make me feel better :) 
today is one year and six months with my love :) going to the < PROPFIRST > Aldean concert tonight ! :) 
work tonight . Ugggghhh . 
will be at 3up in Montgomery all weekend ! :) 
had fun at 3up this weekend :) Proud of my Yella girl ! 
happy 20th birthday Kalen ! I love you :) 
What's this number crap ?!! 
loves Kalen Mcconnell very very much ! :) :) :) 
sfdkljsdfksdkjfksjdf , & z :) 
is headed to Unadilla :) 
is going to town with < PROPFIRST > for some last minute things , and will be attending the Kitrell Christmas party tonight with my love ! :) 
date night with my bff :) 
is having a very productive day at home ! Can't wait till tonight :) 
is on the way to aville , with a very moody mare ! 
is there anywhere to run next weekend BESIDES Triple Crown ?! 
has the sweetest boyfriend !! He's cooking dinner for meeee :) 
is actually in bed at a decent hour tonight ! Can't wait to see my love tomorrow after his classes :) 
is already counting down for Spring Break !! :) 
is so proud of her Yella girl today ! She did so good :) Spending the rest of the night on the couch with her OTHER love :) 
just finished one of Lowther's many many essays ! 
