Welcome home Elder Lott ! 

New niece on Tuesday , brother home on Wednesday , daughter's tubes and adenoids on Thursday , diggin ' all day on Friday ... exciting week ! 
Testing ... 
Passed ! 
If you died today , who would be taking care of the arrangements and would he or she be paying for it ... that is what is on my mind . Due to my new profession , I am currently welcoming any and all death jokes ( okay , maybe not all , I would rather not have my 
2:30 a.m. you walk out your door and the neighbor across the street has left the garage door open and two boys are breaking into the car ... what do you do ? 
Reality is so loud ! 
My son , < PROPMALE > has no fear of edges , but lacks the common sense to stay away from them ... the world says instill fear , I say teach common sense ! We would never have learned to fly if everyone feared edges ! 
is putting together a list of companies to boycott ... 
If you can't say something nice ... at least show respect ! I respect < PROPMALE>'s service , but have no respect whatsoever for the man . I lose respect for those that can not at least respect the position our servants fill , despite the bitter disdain for the individual and/or their position on issues , including President Obama . 
Grass roots politics rules ! Just got back from a town hall meeting with representative Chaffetz and I feel like I made a difference tonight even though I said nothing ! 
No sir , of course my time is not valuable ... 
thinks that every little boy and girl should get their own pony from the government and that the government should be required to project rainbows in the sky every day . If you believe someone else should provide for your well being for some odd reason , please post this as your status in facebook for all day ! 
and before I hear about Mr. Heisman being out for half of the game , consider that if the amazing Oklahoma O Line had been picking up the blitz , he never would have been hurt ! 
Baby steps ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will be on The Maxon Show -- 630 AM in Utah -- at 12:30 p.m. on Thursday , September 24th . Everyone tune in and hear what Congressman < PROPFIRST > has to say ! 
Congressman < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will be on K-Talk radio ( 630 AM ) on Thursday , September 24th @ 12:30 p.m. He will be interviewed by < PROPFIRST > Maxon , my new boss . Mr. Maxon says that life works when you ask the right questions , and he does ask the right questions . 
insomnia ... 
Confidence ! 
worshipping at the altar of reduced productivity ! 
finished his first ebook , thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
Is it possible to put a worse status than ' uninspired ? ' 
I just heard < PROPFIRST > Maxon interview our Governor . I really love our new Governor ! 
I was raised in the cane break by an old mamma lion ... 
Go Bingham ! 
The coach says to just dive on the fumble and cover it . If you pick it up and run with it , you better not drop it because if you go to pick it up and drop it you are in big trouble ... I am going to pick up the ball and run with it ! 
Love being a miner ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
come on Real !!!! 
Real !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is civil disobedience the answer ? Your thoughts ... 
Logged on to check for trash talk comments ... I wonder what will happen to the rankings . 
I am confused about why there needs to be such a long list of rules for my children for the grocery store : see comments ... 
Begwere dich nitch ! --- Papa Doofenshmirtz 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
wii fit plus is kickin ' my trash ... thanks mom and dad ! 
Talk about a confidence booster ... http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/34881925/ns/health-diet_and_nutrition/?GT1=43001 
As things head toward Spring , I am making a shameless plug for becoming a fan of Artisan Landscape Outdoor Living . I have been posting a lot of information on gardening and maintenance how-to for your yard and money saving strategies , as well as design concepts and philosophy . Become a fan soon so you don't miss out on the information there for your yard this year . 
I just got in trouble . My daughter mocked me when I said < PROPFEMALE > was one of the greatest bands ever , so I had to play here clips of a few of their songs . After forty-five minutes of only playing clips of songs , and no repeats , my wife yelled at me that the kids had had enough of my obsession ! 
Thinks that most frozen chicken nuggets are merely cardboard applicators for a good ranch dressing ! 
According to my son , < PROPMALE > , the hammer brothers on Super < PROPFIRST > throw socks at you ( not boomerangs) ! 
will not be participating in black history month with nickelodeon , or hispanic history month , or asian history month or any other month other than american history is great and I celebrate it all month ! 
I have a great quote for all of my freedom loving friends out there -- liberal and conservative alike . See if you can guess which president this philosophy comes from ... 
Nailed my interview , now it is off to the happiest place on Earth ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > calling tiger woods to console him ... I am waiting for the SNL skit ! consoling or swapping ideas ? 
I am now working with < PROPFEMALE > Tree Experts ... thank you all ! 
NCAA Division II Wrestling Finals , just not feelin ' the love . Definitely lacks the intensity of D I 
Let's see how forthcoming my FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your status so I can leave a word about you . :) 
filled out the census and only put in the number of people in my home ... I would like to call it civil disobedience , but actually it is right in line with the constitution ! 
Shaved my head for the first time ... go get ' em super spence ! 
Fine , so I am greedy and lack compassion because I don't approve of the healthcare < PROPMALE > . You tell me which is more absurd , me being greedy and lacking in compassion or you trying to force me to be compassionate and not greedy ? Last I checked , forcing me to be compassionate and greedy was a violation of human rights -- not expensive healthcare ! 
Oh for crying out loud ... please , could just one liberal out there explain to me the budget for your socialist agenda ? I don't get it ! It doesn't balance and I can't figure out a way to make it work financially ! Nevermind the whole freedom thing , please tell me how it works . Please , I beg you . 
I love the uproar of liberals in Utah complaining about tax dollars being wasted by Shurtleff suing the federal government ... How much have we paid again for social security , medicare , medicaid and now what is the < PROPMALE > for health care . Yeah , those have been very wisely invested dollars thus far ! By the way , when does social security run out ? 
Kids , listen closely ... be careful how you treat people ! The ' school bully ' that I ' beat up ' in sixth grade ( long story ) is now my boss ! This is not a joke , it is the absolute truth ! 
learned that certain bad words are not actually acronyms ... 
Help ! I'm stuck in your drama and I can't get out ... 
Mahatma Ghandi walked on foot most of the time , whic produced an impressive set of callouses on his feet . He also ate very little , which made him frail . With his odd diet he suffered from bad breath ... 
ole , ole , ole , ole ... go U , SA ! 
Okay , so I get the strategy behind the US playing to not lose ... but don't they have to beat some more of these good teams to finally be taken seriously ? And if anyone tells me that they were playing to win , I will send them a Facebook slap in the face ! 
I think the Bali ref is actually English ... 
My boy < PROPMALE > said today , ' sometimes I get jealous of others until I realize I have treasures of my own . ' He is 6 and seems to have it more figured out than his old man ! 
For all of my friends out there that just don't get the whole give a man a fish/teach him how to fish thing , my 9-year-old gets it and would happy to explain it to you ! You know who you are ... 
I was told today to start dressing down for work ... apparently I dress too nice and I am embarrassing others ... 
Going to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow night ! Legoland , I think is the second or third happiest place on Earth behind Disneyland and somewhat tied with Seaworld ! Oh California , how can a place with so much magic be so screwed up ... I guess magic is also subsidized by the government ! 
Loved Legoland and the beach ... thank you so much Janalee and < PROPFIRST > for sharing your time there with us ! 
what does it mean when your co-workers are shocked when you sing along with oldies , pop , rap and alternative music and they insist you are more of a classical or gospel music-type person ? 
I am back in school for my MAC ... tests suck ! 
Chasing rainbows is one of the most fun things my family does . Spontaneous and magical ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Lott and my kids . 
I realized the other day that I haven't had a math class in over fifteen years ... I guess I don't really feel old enough to have anything fifteen years behind me , but then again I am 34 now ! 
I love school ! It is nice to have a plan again . 
If I miss the third shuttlecock with my rubber chicken , does < PROPMALE > have to jump over the choke < PROPFEMALE > bush before or after the girls finish peeling their tangerines ? -- Baljeet 
Scientific theory is based on postulating a theory and then observing and conducting tests to try to prove your theory to be FALSE . Here's one for all you aetheists -- There is a God . Go ahead and prove it to be false . I mean like conclusive evidence proof ! 
conquered the world last night ! ( age of empires ) 
Big announcement !!! After 10 years of bitter , seething title nine anger , I am once again a Cougar fan . Not sure why , I guess the Y-mania got to me ... So here's to reconciliation and beating the Falcons . 
To preserve our independence we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt . We must make our choice between economy and < PROPFEMALE > or profusion and servitude . If we run into such debts ... we must be taxed in our meat and drink , in our necessities and our comforts , in our labors and our amusements . 
ate a whole box of Nerds , one Nerd at a time ... 
just discovered that one of his best friends , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kemp has a < PROPFEMALE > Spears station on Pandora ... < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > is hot , but as a man , you cannot have a < PROPFEMALE > Spears station ! Kindly pass over your man card ! 
Please repost this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . People must understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance is trying to bring peace to the universe , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% of people won't copy this . Do you care enough to make it your status for at least one hour ? 
I am so proud of my 6-year-old capitalist ! Story below ... 
Looks like this will be a great week to not have to be in church on Sunday ... Cougars are humiliating ... 
I am disgusted today by the amount of dishonesty I have found in business in my years of employment ... 
I wonder ... if a person were to say he or she was a serial killer and was just born that way , would we discuss how the person can avoid that lifestyle because it is wrong and immoral , or would we discuss whether the person was actually born that way or not and claim the person had no choice but to kill ? 
Live goldfish are so much more difficult to flush than dead ones ... I am not waxing philosophical , that is just a simple fact . Although it does seem quite applicable . 
Today I have a new perspective on life ! Now I have to figure out how to be successful with my new perspective ... Thank you so much < PROPMALE > McCluskey for being a good friend ! 
works at a rubber factory ... if ya know what I mean ... 
If you \like\ " my status I will tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me ... of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about you . 7 ) Give you a weird nickname . " 
Does anyone else ever feel like they work for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > at Dunder Mifflin ? I have some great stories ... 
What if BYU was to win by more than Utah lost ? When does the overrated chant start ? Look < PROPFEMALE > fans , this is an open invitation to post your comments about how the < PROPFEMALE > s are going to monkey-stomp the Cougars this year , but let's put it out there , is that really something to brag about ? Now to beat a number 5 team by 30 plus points , that is impressive ... 
Thanks to all of you that serve me every day by putting your life in harm's way . I am truly grateful for our U.S. Armed Forces ! 
You know what is just awesome ? going to donuts with dad in the morning at your kids ' elementary and seeing hundreds of fathers taking the time to spend a few minutes in the morning supporting and showing love to their kids ! things like this completely restore any hope I may have lost in humanity . 
So after telling my children like 500 times to stay in bed , my boy randomly replies , ' okay , I will , like cashews in a jar . ' I have no idea where that came from or what to reply to that comment ... 
okay , yes < PROPFIRST > Campbell I am going to whine , but really there wasn't conclusive evidence to rule that play down before the ball was stripped ? What review were they watching ? Got my hopes up and dashed them to pieces ! Nevertheless , great game ! 
I am trying to figure out how people do the stupid little <3 ' s ... 
Dearest peoples ... I like cartoons , end of story ! I don't really care what you're cause is , I just like cartoons -- but not stupid japanese animation cartoons . 
God bless < PROPFIRST > Schultz and the rest of the friends and family of < PROPMALE > Schultz . This morning , the man responsible for robbing this world of an international wrestling icon finally passed away in prison . 
Half way through the day ... 
I hate waiting . Waiting is no fun ! Why can't Christmas just be tomorrow ? For crying out loud I think I am worse than my kids ! 
Prophet's Song by < PROPFEMALE > is perhaps my favorite song of all time ... ever even heard of it ? 
Sold my truck . :-( Wow , I never expected to experience emotion when selling it ! 
Step one is to recognize what you cannot overcome . Step two is to find people that can overcome and hold on to them as tight as you can . By the way , Jesus Christ can always overcome , so I recommend holding on to Him ! 
So my son stuck his tongue to a metal pole today without even being triple-dog dared ... must be his mom's ( < PROPFEMALE > Lott ) boy ! 
Question #1 for everyone that cares , would you rather be able to choose or would you rather be forced ? 
I hope that one of the things that President Obama ' disagrees ' with President Hu on is < PROPFEMALE>'s cheating in the olympics ! Ha Ha Ha ... you thought I was going to say something political , didn't you ! 
Equality and Justice are not the same thing ! Equality is the enemy of < PROPFEMALE > and Justice is the best friend of < PROPFEMALE > . The words of the Declaration of Independence were chosen very carefully . The phrase is ' all men are CREATED equal . ' We are all on the level to wax masonical for a moment ... 
I will attempt my non-political comment again without being sucked into a debate ... President Hu , dishonor on you , dishonor on your cow ... 
no one man should be able to put up 43 points against the number four country in the team ... jimmer must be reading his scriptures every day ! 
Oh , I'm not here with these fellas . I've got a pig in competition over at the livestock pavilion , and I am going to win that blue ribbon ! -- < PROPMALE > from That Thing You Do . Utah Entrepreneur Challenge ! Go team ! 
Saying that we need socialized medicine is like looking at a tweaker who is jonesing for a fix and saying that you need a hit too ! Just sayin ' ... 
This one made the top ten list of ' Things you never thought you would have to say!' \ 
\ 
\Darby 
