I made a lot of health gains this year , now to keep it up . Happy New Years everyone , I wish you a healthy and happy new year . 

just finished an over-researched 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper and a final . Also been accepted to grad school . Yeah ! Summer , tango , reading and fun here I come . 
had a wisdom tooth removed today and an intensive vision therapy optometrist appointment . Can't wait to learn how to use my eyes together properly over the summer ; I highly recommend Pacific University-downtown for assessing reading disorders . 
Hey everyone attending the Trout Lake Tango Trip , I will be bringing games , loads of < PROPMALE > crackers ( who's bringing chocolate and marshmallows ? ) , and nature books . If anyone wants a plant tour , hike , orienteering orientation , basic survival skills training , or stargazing session let me know . I also compiled a camping checklist , if anyone wants it I'll put it up . So excited ! 
is done with her vision therapy at Pacific University , with only a minor maintenance regimen . Went from reading 230 words per minute ( 10th grade level ) to 550 words per minute ( 16th grade level ) . Now to learn how to speed read . Grad school will be so much easier . So happy ! Thanks to everyone who ever supported me with my reading disorder , and to Pacific University . 
received a scholarship from the Graduate School of Urban & Public Affairs . Yes ! 
A note to all PSU students : anyone can call PSU and ask for your phone number and address . If you want your personal information private , fill out the Student Records Privacy Request at www.pdx.edu/registration/forms and hand deliver it to the registration department . 
returned last night from < PROPMALE > , Michigan . Attended a family reunion , danced in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , visited Greenfield Village and < PROPMALE > out around the area . Happy to be home to hills , evergreen trees and minimal humidity . 
In a week will be my mother's 2 year anniversary of her passing . Many of you were good friends of her's . In her memory will be placing flowers near where she died on the morning of the 29th . She liked sunflowers and yellow/blue color combinations if you want to also commemorate her memory . I will be spreading her ashes in beautiful places that day also . 
is finally learning to not turn off her right eye while reading and can now state that she likes reading . No more pain or frustration . It is now a love relationship and not a love and hate relationship . Wow , I thought this day would never come . 
There is absolutely nothing like jogging/running uphill for a workout . I lost 1.5 -2 pounds the last couple of times and now I am building killer muscles on my legs . It really helps to growl at the hill and train on an interval . 
Yay ! Downspout is being fixed , no more basement flooding when it rains , no more babysitting and having to stay home . 
Attended Master of Public Health ( MPH ) orientation today , followed by Fall tango milonga . I will be starting full time grad school this term , so forgive me if you don't see much of me for the next year and a half . So excited and anxious ! 
People who drive around in an SUV picking up cans the night before recycling day need an IQ check . Walking or biking I can understand , but seriously ? 
As a warning to people out there , do not use PC Tools , they charged my account after a year of no activity and without prior consent . There is nothing like a surprise on your bank account . 
I had my first dental filling today . I didn't need number due to small size of cavity , the cost hurt more . Oh well , I have a clean and healthy mouth . 
I would be more afraid of my 21 < PROPFEMALE > syllabus for Epidemiology if I hadn't taken it as an undergrad . Same book and chapters , a few more assignments , but really the same . 
Live Balkan music at alternative tango milonga earlier this evening . What a great way to kick off TangoFest ! I'm tango dancing this weekend at the largest tango festival in the US , what are you doing ? 
Narcoleptics are SO much fun before they take their meds in the morning . 
Is it appropriate , after a long weekend of reading homework , to feel like a zombie and then top it off with a Vampire tango Milonga ? 
A 14 hour day spent on homework . Thank goodness I can put my readings on the projector , or I wouldn't be surviving right now . Hopefully my eyes will be broken in to nonstop reading in several weeks . Thanks for the projector , < PROPMALE > ! 
Today marks the close of OCD Awareness Week . OCD is genetic and involves uncontrollable , intrusive thoughts ( obsessions ) and actions to mitigate the obsessions ( compulsions ) . OCD is a top ten disabling condition in the world , with ~ 1-2% of populations suffering from it . Family and friends rarely understand its severity . Kudos to the victims trying to live a normal life . Have you hugged your OCD friend today ? 
is getting stronger ! I'm now able to jog uphill for 4 blocks carrying 22 pounds together in my backpack and purse . Made it to class on time . Yay ! 
Hey everyone , Amnesty International USA is receiving $1.00 in donations from an anonymous donor for every \like\ " . Click the \ " Like\ " button and you essentially donate a dollar to a supporter of human rights worldwide . " 
Spotted : a not-so-fit superhero totally covered in blue , mask and all . Typical Portland fare or early Halloween costume ? 
Happy birthday Mom ! Sorry I didn't make you a cake today , but I'll take you out dancing tonight ( her ashes are in a locket ) . I love you . 
had a optometry checkup today . My vision actually improved and remains to be stellar . Regression is the norm after vision therapy . My current strain/pain is from a boatload of reading and writing and I just need more frequent 20 ' breaks . Yay ! 
voted . 
just finished writing an editorial for a class assignment . It was a lot more difficult than I thought originally , especially when you dig up the dirt about a CEO denying health insurance to children . 
Yay ! Boyfriend has his good hearing aids back . Thank Goodness . 
I hate Blackboard ! I can't wait for my university to switch over to D2L in the spring term . Blackboard just sucks . 
Double late-night-epidemiology week due to last week's holiday . Joy . 
They came first for the Communists , \ 
\ 
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist . \ 
Then they came for the trade unionists , \ 
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist . \ 
Then they came for the Jews , \ 
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew . \ 
Then they came for me\ 
and by that time no one was left to speak up . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Niemoller 
just had her flu shot . Have you ? If you are at PSU they are giving $4.00 flu shots to PSU students . I know there are several fellow PSUers on here , vaccinations are on the 3rd floor SMU in the ballroom . Trust me , taking your finals with swine flu is NOT fun . 
Yay ! < PROPMALE > is tackling the to-do list . I now have my filing cabinet out of the middle of the floor in my office and now have a mat spread out for weightlifting and exercise . Ah ... progress . 
just did some intensive weight lifting . Looks like it will be a research night and not a typing night for my behemoth paper . 
The auto-correct in my word program is driving me nuts , it really doesn't like the language of genetics . 
A three mile backup on I-5 south last night at the Woodburn shopping mall exit . Can't consumerism wait till after spending time with family on Thanksgiving ? 
is being a bit of an activist lately . The only way you get what you need is if you speak up . Squeaky wheel gets the grease . 
My epidemiology professor just stated we were supposed to complete a research class before epi , but epi is the prerequisite for the research class . Huh ? 
The Vitamin D Dietary Guidelines were updated today . For individuals 9 years old and older the recommend dietary allowance has been tripled to 600IUs per day and the Upper Intake has been doubled to 4000IU . There were not enough randomized controlled trials , considered the best , to take the dietary allowance to the level researchers prefer , only bone health was considered . Check out the IOM website for more info . 
The PSU library is so crowded you have to go to the 4th floor to find a desk to yourself . A definite uptick in students this term . I have to type standing up , with my computer on a showcase . 
It was so nice and < PROPFEMALE > today I couldn't resist going for a jog . I'm not as in bad a cardiovascular shape as I thought I was from all my studies . Yay ! Now for an hour of weightlifting . 
It is that time in the evening where I switch from writing epidemiolgy to writing pharmacogenomcis ( gene-drug interaction ) . Yes , epidemiology is that difficult and yes I chose the topic of pharmacogenomics . Three more days to sanity . 
Tying up the loose ends on several papers and two classes tomorrow and I am done . I finished a lot more than I thought I would today . 
is finished with the term . 
Hey Portland Metro dwellers : we are expecting heavy rain tomorrow , possibly twice as much as yesterday's record breaking rainfall . Flooding is likely . Don't forget to pick up sandbags tonight if you need them . 
Yay ! I survived my first full term of grad school . I didn't do as bad in one class as I thought I would . Yep , I'm satisfied . 
went tangoing for the first time since Halloween . Thank you leads for the near non-stop dances tonight . 
is textbook hunting on Amazon and learning that professors don't mind if you have an earlier edition ( I okay it with professors before purchasing ) . Previous editions can cost 1/5 the price of the latest edition . One less stressful thing to do . 
Dear Time , all I want for Christmas is more hours in the day . 
And the server is not working again at PSU . What a surprise . Hopefully this won't last for a week like it did several terms ago . 
I took a Pilates class for the first time today . I learned some nice exercise methods , but I think I need to do more strength training first before diving in , it hurt my back . I will try Zumba and/or Vinyasa Yoga tomorrow . I love the free workout opportunities at PSU . 
I tried Zumba today . It was a lot of fun , but I wasn't able to push my heart rate up high enough with it , nor incorporate good resistance , so I will try some other classes . Zumba was great for coordination and layering ( multitasking different movements simultaneously ) , though . I also had a class in the renovated and historic < PROPMALE > Hall . Wow , is it beautiful now . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , even credit card #'s . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL and then go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
Okay PSUers , < PROPFEMALE > and I are taking the free drop-in class Step N ' Sculpt tomorrow at 12:15 . Any other takers ? Be there a half an hour early to reserve your spot in the class . You know who you are :) 
I tried Step N ' Sculpt yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > . I've taken two classes from < PROPFEMALE > so far , she is hardcore . That was a high cardio workout , really targets the legs and glutes . Abs , buns and thighs class today will leave my lower half sore for a while and gave me some ideas for home exercises . My goal is to try every fitness class at PSU at a reasonable hour for a night owl . No pain no gain . 
I am enjoying my new craft projects , learning a lot from my heart rate monitor , keeping cozy with my new slippers , receiving compliments on the necklace and scarf , pampering my skin , sculpting with my new weights , exploring fun exercises with the body ball , keeping safe with the whistling tea kettle , and enjoying all the treats from Christmas . Thanks ! 
I finished my FAFSA today . It was so nice to get out of the way . 
Do any PSUers want to join me for PumpPlus Abs or Step N'Sculpt tomorrow at the Rec Center ? I'm leaning toward the first one since I like the class better , but it is at 9am . 
Any PSUers want to join me for the free drop-in Zumba class tomorrow at 11 am at the Rec Center ? It is a fun dancing workout with good cardio and is not hardcore . The teacher is amazing . 
PSUers : I'll be doing cardio on the ellipticals at 10 am tomorrow followed by the free drop-in Gentle Yoga class at 11 am , all at the Rec Center . Any one want to join me for either or both ? Be sure to get your pass for Yoga 15 minutes early . 
F*%& Wells Fargo . The most DIFFICULT bank to deal with . I do not have the time or the emotional energy to deal with their games or involve an attorney in court . Yeah , I am not having a good day . 
Do any Portland Metroers have any pairs of 10 and/or 12 pound weights they want to sell to me ? I am doing too many reps on some of my weight lifting exercises . Ah , progress . 
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful , she is beautiful because you love her . ~ Author Unknown 
Hmm .. apparently what I thought was a sinus infection turned out to be a < PROPFEMALE > piece of habanero in my sinuses . No wonder I was sneezing so much . Thank goodness for sinus rinses , it only took about six of them . 
I tried < PROPFEMALE > at PSU today , Konane taught , which made the class fantastic . A wonderful , gentle workout with an emphasis on mind-body connection and coordination . I really needed this class , what a stressful week . 
I'm not going to yoga today . Any PSUers want to do Zumba tomorrow at the Rec Center ? 
I just busted my butt with Zumba with < PROPFEMALE > , she was on WAY too much caffeine , which made for a great workout . That was after lifting weights and doing interval cardio at 85% of my heart rate reserve . Whew ! Yeah , I'm high on endorphins right now . < PROPMALE > tried to be cute and grab my belly this morning , he had nothing to grab . Bye , bye inches . 
You know you're in grad school when ... 
I need to stop counting my demons before they hatch . 
I will be video-taping dancing at the festival to show to my non-tango friends ( I finally figured out how to work my new phone ) . If there is anyone who does not want to be video-taped , please let me know . 
Hey PSUers , there is a job fair in Smith from 11-3 today . I'm going to check it out for internships/summer jobs if anyone wants to join < PROPFEMALE > and myself . I will not be doing Zumba today , I will do cardio after my afternoon midterm . I wish the snow would stick . 
I'm going to do cardio on the ellipticals at 10 am tomorrow followed by Gentle Yoga at 11 am if any PSUers want to join . 
Do any public health or administration students ( or anyone else ) know if there is a registry associating zip code with a phone number ? I am trying to figure out the logistics of how to randomly call someone in a zip code to send out a Radon test , without having to call everyone in every zip code . First three digits of the phone number ? This is for a school mock project . 
Today I stand with the teachers , nurses , and all public employees of Wisconsin who are fighting for their rights . If you do too , change this to your status for the rest of the day . 
Step N ' Sculpt tomorrow at 12:15 . Any PSUers want to join ? You know you want to :) I just finished my self-modification paper for Health Behavior , and lost 1.5 inches in the waist , am able to do a pushup now , and am on my way to a fitness of \good ' instead of \ " normal\ " as measured by my heart rate monitor . Yay ! " 
I just found out I have the alcohol pads that are reported to be unsterile and are related to at least one death form Bacillus cereus , a bacteria . Make sure to check if you have alcohol pads from Triad and toss them out . The manufacturer is on the pad wrappers , not the boxes . 
Hey Portland Metro residents , there is a snow storm prediction for the next two days , with several inches or more of accumulation on the valley floor . Grab you supplies tonight . If the predictions are completely off , I will be doing Zumba tomorrow if any PSUers want to have some fun and take a break from late-term craziness . 
I will not be doing Yoga today , I have to do some work readying the unit next to us for someone to move into this afternoon :( I might exercise tomorrow . 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour for family and friends . 
And legal proceedings with Wells Fargo begin ... Who turned the faucet of personal crap on full blast this term ? 
Odd health fact of the day : Vitamin C deficiency can cause hangnails . Hmm .. I'm having annoying consequences to not taking it over the last week . If only I had known this when I was younger my nails would have looked so much better then . 
Healthy hair tip #1 : Including seaweed in your diet , especially nori , can improve hair texture , luster and health . Do not choose seaweed from < PROPFEMALE > , and do not use seaweed if you have any thyroid conditions . The high amounts of iodine in seaweed can worsen thyroid problems , but nori has the lowest iodine content of seaweed and is a superfood . 
Dear PSU , Fix your servers . You are interfering with my academic success and making me late in sending out assignments to group members . It should not take 15 minutes to update my OAM account password and 5 minutes to load a webpage in the library on your network . 
What a productive day : project paper and presentation , weekly reflection paper and 20 reference extra credit all done for environmental health today and ordered my books for next term . Also had two events that reduced my stress for the next couple of weeks . I just dropped Mass Communication if anyone needs it . Now to crash after a 15 hour day . Zumba tomorrow , anyone ? 
My best wishes to everyone on all shores of the Pacific . I will be doing cardio at 10 am and yoga at 11 am if any PSUers want to join . 
Healthy hair tip #2 : For dry , damaged , or lusterless hair adding some fish oil or flaxseed oil to your ( 1 tsp . /day ) could improve hair moisture . Do not go on fish oil or flaxseed oil if you are on blood thinners or have bleeding problems unless it is alright with your physician . 
Ahhh .... 
Yet another brutal workout in Step N ' Sculpt , I can't believe I took this exercise plan all the way into finals week . Now , worky , worky , worky ... 
Did any Portlanders just hear a loud noise outside like loud thunder but reverberating and longer ? Weird . 
I am officially done with the term . Thank goodness . Now for cleaning and scholarship break , aka spring break and then it all starts over again . 
Drat , can't log into PSU's information system on grade day :( 
Yay , I did even better this term . Now to survive next term . 
It's picture day . I put 5 pictures in frames , < PROPMALE > 3 pictures , put up 2 calenders , and < PROPMALE > and I will be doing professional couple's photos at 4 . 
< PROPMALE > and I went on a couple's photo shoot at Mt . Tabor yesterday . We had some lovely photos taken while braving the light rain . At the third photo site he proposed . I said yes . 
Hey fellow MPH students I am wondering if anyone has and wants to sell or rent a copy of Principles of Biostatistics , 2nd edition , by Pagano and Gauvreau . I am not sure if this is the same book Dinno used last term . 
Woohoo ! Done with scholarship application , good enough . Now to focus on summer internships and jobs this term . Thank you fiance for help with resume formatting :) Bedtime . 
I've officially been dancing tango for five years now . Wow , does time fly . I remember buying my first pair of tango shoes on April 1st . I need to get out tangoing more often . Thanks to every lead that has helped me progress in tango . 
I had my ring taken in to be resized and the band fused . The sapphire < PROPMALE > chose was overheated and cracked . Now it has to be replaced . So sad , that was the one he gave me :( 
