And the knife wounds still won't heal . 

So ... bringing in the new year I ended up getting sick . And I wasn't even drinking . Nice . 
Florida !! :) 
So tired !! off to bed . 
<3 Twiight <3 
Just registered to be a contestant on Wheel of Fortune !! Please call !! 
On my way home ... hope I don't go through a tornado ! 
BORING drive home . 
Live life to the fullest- be crazy ! 
Happy Father's Day !! 
Spiraling downward ... 
Did you see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > eat pavement ? Ahh that about made my day . :) 
Transformers tomorrow ! 
you gotta go through hell before you get to heaven 
Transformers = Amazing . I'll be seeing this again . 
Umm shall I scrap book ? 
Bed calls ... first Brewers game tomorrow ! 
I hate drinking . 
Bed . 
No True Blood next week ? LAME . 
I'm going to Florida !!!! 
Interview at < PROPFEMALE > Garden tomorrow at 3:30 . 
Where to go in < PROPMALE > ? Can't make up my mind what we should do . 
Racecar is a palindrome . 
It really freaks me out how much your knee cap moves . So voluntarily . Ick . Ugh . I really need to get to bed ... but I just can't go ... 
I'm awake again . Need lunch . 
Got the job at < PROPFEMALE > Garden ! 
Waiting for the fireworks . 
Need a new bathing suit . Again . 
I really miss riding . It's like there is a hole in my heart the size of Texas . Or bigger . 
Whoever invented Nair is an idiot . You have to Nair first and then SHAVE . Defeats the purpose . 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
Goin up to Eagle River today . 
Had an * amazing * weekend . <3 
Does anyone want to spend the weekend up here in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I PASSED THE PRAXIS !!!!!! 
I am determined to get in the best shape of my life , grab life by the balls ( eh you like that phrase ? ) , and enjoy every waking moment without taking life too seriously and take one day at a time . 
< PROPMALE > Potter was * awesome * 
The breadsticks at OG are 210 cal . Each . The white chocolate rasperry cheesecake is 2,000 cal per slice . So ... EAT UP !! 
One more day of work ... and then home ? I just wish I could get to bed earlier !! 
I locked my freaking keys in my truck . HELP !! 
One of these days I'll go to bed at a decent time ... 
Shopping for a waterproof camera ... 
Finally has a day off tomorrow ! 
Sending off a huge congrats to my cheer tater < PROPFEMALE > !! 
The Taco < PROPFEMALE > dog died . Sad . 
Hi ho , hi ho , it's off to work I go ... 
Bad day . 
I don't feel very important today . 
Lucky's Bar shall be seeing me again ! Soon ! 
I think I have watched < PROPMALE > Potter and the Order of the Phoenix about 10 times this month . 
Transformers is on . I hate writing anecdotes . Summer school bites . 
People- please don't forget to tip your servers . Especially ones named < PROPFEMALE > that work at OG in < PROPFEMALE > . It makes us quite sad . And slightly irritated . :) 
Shower , popcorn and a movie !!! 
Essen House Thursday , Fishbowls on Saturday !!!! 
Multitasking like crazy . I must have ADD . 
Das Boot ! :) 
date night :) 
I have met some of the most amazing people * ever * here in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Fish bowls are fantastic ! 
I need to go swimming ! 
Almost done with that stupid online class . 
Needs a new car ASAP !! :( 
Stupid summer school course DONE ! Now I have an independent Macroeconomics course I get to finish before November 5th and pay $320 on ! :) 
Don't let him fool you- < PROPFIRST > Wallin is really gay ! 
Can't wait for camping this week !! 
Do I have to go back to work this week ? 
For my birthday , I would like < PROPMALE > Garden gift cards . Hehe !! :) 
Having a cold beer in a hot shower after a * long * day . 
I really hate it when I put it all out there and still no one feels like they can can talk to me . Tears me up . 
Watching wedding/romance movies . Such a loser . 
I wanna go mini golfing again . Anyone in ? 
The world's a better place now that I am back in his arms tonight <3 
I got my school placements !! I'm graduating this fall !! :) 
Anyone want to buy Badger football tickets ? Full season set . 
True Blood <3 
Going to the zoo- meet us there ! 
Graduation date = December 19 , 2010 at 1 pm . 
Student teaching begins today . SO nervous . 
Working on homework , show stuff and eventually cleaning and making a list of what I need to do ! 
I'm just feeling a little alone right now ... 
I'm so fat . 
Aw man ... I am waiting to get sick . It's comin for me . 
I am looking forward to stepping on Point soil come Friday afternoon . I may have to kiss the ground or steal some grass ... 
Meows and Minis in the morning !! 
UGH I have to grade papers and my key is missing pages ! 
Well ... how do we all like the New < PROPFEMALE > Trailer ? 
SO tired ... taking a nap . 
45 < PROPFEMALE > to go ! 
I'm literally exhausted . I have no energy or strength to even raise my arm ! 
So today after my meetings I held back my tears as much as I could . I thought everything was going great . Now I know . I felt like I could just give up . 
Playing < PROPMALE>'s Widow this weekend . Or would it be < PROPMALE > s Ex since we're not married/engaged ???? 
Hey ... I think I can finally go back to work tonight . 
So tonight I told a TV weatherman it's < PROPFEMALE > and rainy outside and to stay dry ! * smacks forehead * He must have thought I was mocking him but I really had no idea who it was . Until later . 
SO full from OG tonight !! 
I love how he knows more about me than I do . 
Whew . Busy week and it's not over yet . Driving to Point for an all day meeting . 
Oh man , NHL is back !! :) 
I am going to punch < PROPMALE > . 
Going shopping . For jeans . 
I need to leave work ASAP tonight . 
What , is there like a football game on or something ? 
Just plain tired . It's beautiful outside ! 
Oh so very tired . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !! <3 you all !! 
Friday please hurry up and come . 
SO frustrated with my cooperating teacher and student teaching . 3 weeks to go before I move on ! 
Getting information on getting my bridal consultant license ( awesome for FCS !! ) . 
Watching Say Yes to the Dress ! 
I have work tonight for the first time in over a week . Yikes ! 
One month until New < PROPFEMALE > ! Woot woot ! 
I have such a sexy voice * hack hack hack * 
< PROPFIRST > Barclay is amazing . 
Going as that naughty < PROPFEMALE > Garden server for Halloween . 
Why won't my WII turn on ?! 
Loved seeing Fitchburg today ... 
My laptop has volume again ! OMG !! 
Watching Ghost Adventures . So fake . 
Has two tickets to the Badger hockey game for tomorrow night . Anyone want them ? 
Happy Whoreaween ! 
What is that costume with ' OK ' written on the cheeks ? I can't figure that one out . 
Holiday season officially starts today- SO excited ! 
Likes how < PROPFIRST > is afraid of engagement rings . 
Can't wait for my last day tomorrow . Dreading it actually . 
Done with first quarter- time to celebrate ! 
10 days till New < PROPFEMALE > - esctatic . 
Going into work early today ... so I can get out early ! 
Here in Point till 2 . I'm ready for a nap . 
Hates not being able to go to the hockey game tonight . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Meyer ... you are severly annoying me as a fellow writer right now . I kind of hate you as well for your comments . If you had ANY idea ... 
Feels neglected . Unexplained feelings . 
Officially world's worst gf . Right here . 
Needs to pick up some shifts this week at work ... 
Really needs help . Lots of it . 
Can't stop shaking ! 
Please pray for my Grandma . 
Everyone have fun tonight- I'll be waiting to hear reviews . I need to have something to look forward to tomorrow . This day sucks . 
Reading New < PROPFEMALE > reviews- you people are morons . No one cares what you think . Your opinions won't change anything anyways . 
Worst night ever . Glad to be home . Glad I don't have to work next week ! Tomorrow better be better with no tears . 
I wish I was as pretty as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Every girl with a dream and a best friend can be a < PROPFEMALE > . Then where is my < PROPFEMALE > and castle ? 
I don't want to go back to work tonight . I'd rather live my life through facebook !!! The only good news is that < PROPFIRST > is on his way home ... and I will probably get home right when he goes to bed . Great . 
Ok Ok . I'll do it too ... 2 days left this week ! 
I dreamed I was missing , and you were so scared , but no one would listen , cuz no else cared . When my time comes , forget the wrongs that I've done , help me to remember some reason to be missed . 
Fighting back tears right now . 
May catch a movie later tonight- anyone want to join me ? Text me . 
SO much to do tonight !! I'll be busy- yay ! 
Ehh I don't want to go to work . But I need to . Better not be a long night . 
Snow snow , go away . 
Sleep ... so peaceful . 
Ummm 14 inches of snow , 30 MPH wind and high of 2 degrees ??? See ya ! 
French accents really annoy me for some reason . 
Really , we're the ONLY district STILL open !? While the others right be us are closed ? My kids are going to be MAD . 
Work is going to suck again tonight . 
Work is closed . Mall is closed . I am stuck inside cleaning and packing ! :) 
White Elephant !! 
Had a great time tonight with friends ! Time for a HOT shower tho ! 
PT Holiday Party was amazing ! Now time to Christmas shop , pack and clean ! 
What a waste of a day . Whatever . 
Workin hard to get stuff done before FLORIDA <3 
Uncle < PROPFIRST > - you cannot take your truck back . Not now . I'm just not ready to let go :( 
Why does facebook keep asking me if I need a new boyfriend ???? 
Lots to do before we leave on Wednesday ! 
I don't like wrestling . :( 
I give up . Bed is calling . 
I might have broken a rib again . Or it popped out . Either way it hurts ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! Hope < PROPFEMALE > fulfills your wishlists . I love you all ! 
Florida is almost here !! 
Hitting people up for donations for my cancer benefit . If you would like to help out , contact me ! Thank you ! 
I wish I knew a PT ... 
What will 2011 bring me ? I can't even imagine ... 
< PROPFIRST > Tutera is so awesome he pisses glitter . 
No resolutions for me this year- tired of being a failure ! 
Would anyone like a a black DVD tower or DVD with surround sound ( all speakers included) ? 
* sigh * Of course the trip I have been waiting for since summer has to have record lows . So disappointed . 
Going out shopping ! And to get some lunch ... 
It's a work day even for me today :( 
Teal . 
SO many good movies coming out this year ! 
How do you tag someone in your status ?? 
I love Mick Murphy 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me . Wait ... this might get scary ! 
Now that the weather is finally the nicest in two weeks ... there is too much for me to decide what to do !! 
Going to Manatee Springs ! 
Depressed , stressed , overwhelmed . Haven't felt this way in a long time and I don't like it . 
God is helping me little by little ... I can now be a sub teacher ! 
* sigh * I am not strong . 
My emotions are draining myself . I need someone to vent to ! It was a far better day today though . I was actually smiling and laughing ! 
What would you name a Family and Consumer Sciences Course ? 
Office party tonight ! Curse you < PROPMALE > Bayers and < PROPFEMALE > Biere !! <3 
I want to be honest with myself , and those around me . I want to be patient and let good things happen to me . I don't want to be pushy or anxious . I want to be open minded and not argue . This is it ... I'm still young enough to change my life and I feel fortunate to realize I want to change so early in life ! I'm coming clean- just breathe ! 
This year I am starting fresh ... I want to be able to laugh things off and not worry about the small stuff . I don't want to be jealous , or judgemental . I want to be the good person I know I am and for others to see that . I want to be able to feel good about myself and know that I will have those life long friends that will always be there for me , and vice versa . 
Worried the show won't fill up ! 
Does anyone have a sewing machine I can borrow/have ? 
Tomorrow is my last day of student teaching . I can't believe it's all over ! 
Another day of work today- who is no longer at the OG ? 
Very much looking forward to a night out with my bff getting dinner and having movie night . I think alcohol should be involved ! 
I don't think I look like her ... 
I blew up a plate in the microwave . That makes 2 bowls and 2 plate . Worst FCS teacher EVER . 
Who wants to see Dear < PROPFIRST > with me this weekend ? 
Now collecting Coke Rewards ... if you don't use them , send them on over ! 
Happy * 7th * Anniversary ! I love you with all my heart Mick Murphy !!! 
Downloading videos to Youtube takes * forever * I'm going to be sad if I come back from dinner and it says it didn't load properly ... 
We have an extra ticket for the hockey game tomorrow- text me if you want it . 
What an amazing day ! 
is actually wishing for a snow storm ? 
I just bought the coolest thing ever ! 
I could go for some chocolate covered strawberries ... 
Looking for a place to stay for the next couple of months ... 
Can't wait to go home tomorrow- I miss everyone ! 
Comin home tonight ! 
I have the best family in the world ! 
Thank you to the wonderful tippers I had tonight ;) * especially * my last table ! 
Just breathe . 
I need a new body . 
I've got my first sub job tomorrow- yikes ! 
I have a spare hockey ticket for Friday night for sale . 
I fail at everything . I think I might just have to give in this time ... 
Wiilympics tonight ! Go Team Australia ! 
OK- no one go to < PROPFEMALE > Garden tonight so I can go home and watch the hockey game ! 
He’s lightning Sparks are flyin’ Everywhere I go he’s always on my mind and I’m goin’ crazy About him lately And I can’t help myself from how my heart is racing He's got something special He could be the one . 
ANyone wanna go to a Twilight Convention with me this summer ?? ;) 
Work . 
I am going to watch Twilight and you can't do anything about it . 
I'm not sure what to think about the brother/sister ice skating duo ... 
Dear Subfinder ... please have a job for me for the next week so I can make lots of money . 
I wear these red boots because they make my toes feel like 10 friends on a camping trip . 
I'm starting to think Vonn keeps injuring herself for publicity ... 
Well hello little black cloud . Welcome back . 
Gold medal game here at 2 !! 
I think I need a slice of pie ;) 
I hate multi-tasking ... I need to figure out how to do one thing at a time and then move onto the next ! 
Interview on Thursday at 2 ! 
I must have some stomach bug . Had to leave work early tonight . I think it's time to move on :/ 
I am sick and I can't sleep . Worst combination EVER . 
3 hours of teaching and then home ! 
Take another little piece of my heart now , baby . 
How do I spend my Saturday night ? Sick to my stomach and listing < PROPFEMALE > Wars books to Amazon ... :/ 
Feeling a little better ... 
BUT ... who wants to go drinking with me this weekend ? Or week ? 
So close to just losing it ... 
I really need a BFF right now ... 
I love < PROPMALE > Cook . I don't care what you think about that . 
Eclipse . Need a date to see it with ! 
Getting her hair cut tomorrow ... nervousness ... 
Well hello depression ! You suck . 
It smells like bad chinese food ... 
People don't want to see this at hockey games !! <-------------------------------- 
Missing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Off to the doctors ... :( 
I'm hungry ... 
Happy ' wish you were < PROPFEMALE>' day ! 
Audition for ANTM ?? The only think I got goin for me is my walk ... haha 
Just exhausted . I literally cannot move . 
Raised $3200 today- I'm exhausted . :) Thank you all ! 
I decided to go back to school ! 
Anyone wanna do a walk for children's cancer at 6 Flags June 26 with me ? You get a free ticket if you raise $50 ! 
I'm feeling overwhelmed again and have no idea what to think or what to do . I can't get my thoughts straight . It would be nice to have some definite knowing to what I should do or what will happen . Everything is a surprise . On the plus side , I got seasons 1 and 2 of Bones ;) 
Can't wait for this week to be over . 
This weekend is gonna suck . :/ 
Finally the weekend- passed my final , I'm an official QSL server ;) now to endure the weekend ... 
If anyone wants to do lunch or dinner today- hit me up . 
Regret is flowing through me ... 
Life is good . 
LOOONG day ahead- physical therapy , work . And then off to work . 
I have a syndrome . Can't remember the name though . HAH 
Long day finally over . Watching Bones with < PROPFIRST > snoring at my feet . Perfect <3 
I am going to do something good for myself ... look for a job ( or jobs ) that don't require me to injure myself all the time . Then again it's not like I don't know any physical therapists ... 
* fingers crossed*- I applied for two teaching positions for the fall ! 
Lost two jobs :( 
Great day coming to an end .. :( another one begins tomorrow ! 
Go away sharp stomach pains ! 
Happy Easter ! Love this day ! 
Things I want to do this summer : 6 Flags , The Dells , Camping , Brookfield Zoo , Milwaukee Zoo , Photography , Swimming , Riding ... anything else to add to that ? 
HOW COULD I FORGET THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO DO THIS SUMMER !!! RIDE !! 
I think I shall clean today ... and work out . After I run to the post office . 
It's official-I'm a teacher ! License came today !! 
Finishing up these orders ( so many ! ) and then I am taking a break from sewing ( unless another order comes up ) and moving on to scrapbooking for a bit ;) 
Lunch and a movie ! And then cleaning ! 
I need some girlfriends * big sigh * 
Go Badgers ! 
Misses her baby ! 
Animal abusers deserve the death penalty . I have a Benelli I love to use . 
No zoo for me today . :( My head is going to burst and my throat might as well too . 
I refuse to be a GFF Mick Murphy , and I need to see I am pretty in some way or another . That will help my self esteem alot more . Life lessons for the day . 
A family starts with two people . 
Oh i wish i knew how to make my hair all cute . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > was a wonderful movie- now I want a < PROPFEMALE > necklace for when I cook , and to get my book published ! 
I need to find someone who doens't have time to ride their horse so I can help not only them , but me too ! 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ! Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
Making the apartment look and smell GOOD ! 
It aint show jumpin without a jump off ! 
So confused with some choices to make . I need help . 
Subbing for a gym teacher today ... yikes ... 
If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it . 
has the most amazing boyfriend ever . 
Whoever though of making BreakingDawn in 3D is a moron- and hopefully that rumor is false . Idiots . 
Go Hawks ! 
Happy Living Tip #1 - Forgive all who have hurt you , no matter how hard it was , and no matter how deep the wounds were . It'll make you the bigger person and make you a stronger individual . 
Happy Living Tip #2 - Be kind to everyone ( no matter how much ou can't stand to be around them ) as you never know what kind of troubles they are going through . 
Taking a hot shower to warm me up- I can't stop shivering ! 
Happy Living Tip #3 - Don't listen to what facebook surveys have to tell you ! You have to pay to see the answers , and odds are , whoever said you don't look good in a bathing suit , is a bad kisser and doesn't have a cute profile pic , has never seen that survey in their life ! 
I didn't get the job in Wisconsin Heights . How can I get experience if they won't give me a < PROPMALE > ? I'm getting discouraged ... 
Happy Living Tip #4 - Take one day at a time . Enough said . 
I have a job interview !! 
Procrastinating the doctors ... 
I had my first teaching nightmare last night . Scary . 
God , please give me a horse to love . Amen . 
Playing a Wii Scene It game is boring when you play by yourself . You always win . 
The damn tears just won't stop ! I'm such a sissy ! 
Ok ... going to the doctor's . 
Cant see a doctor without insurance now can i ? 
So I've lost 2 hours of work- on my first day- because they don't need me . Why hire me then and make me lose money ? Looking for a new job already . Geez . 
Maybe I'm not looking forward to this year . And certainly not next year . 
Must have more Anthropology . 
Happy Mommy's Day Mom ! I love you !!! 
Interview today . SO nervous ! 
I think I made some wrong life decisions . Awesome < PROPFEMALE > . You rock . 
Going through the list of people I never talk to ... 
I give up . 
I'll be buying my Eclipse tickets on Friday thank you very much . 
I'm ruining the best thing that has ever happened to me . I might as well just dig a hole and crawl under a rock . I deserve the worst . 
When you have feelings for someone that are strong enough you lose sight of the rest of the world . 
What . You cant keep your turkey up ? @mick murphy 
Congrats to all my PT friends . One down two to go ! 
Office Party by myself ... yay ... 
It was so great seeing everyone tonight ! 
All days are nights to see till I see thee , \ 
And nights bright days when dreams do show thee to me . 
I just want to randomly record and upload videos on youtube . 
I may not be that beautiful or the sexiest ... Nor have the perfect body ... I might not be anyones first choice .. But I am a GREAT choice ... I dont pretend to be someone \ 
else .... Cause I am too good at being ME ... I might not be proud of some of the things I've done .. but I am proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or don't take me at all . 
Ugh ... trans problems on my truck . Fingers crossed it's not worst case scenario ... We're hopeful . 
I want to plan a 6 Flags trip- been too long since I've been there ! 
I'm blonde . 
I need $3000 to fix mytruck . Yay ... 
Things are looking up . 
Really Booth ? You couldn't tell her you love her ? I'm nervous for season 6 ! 
Define ' soulmates ' in one word . I'm curious ! :) 
I just feel so ... lonely . I wonder if he thinks of me as often as I think of him . 
The only thing I have to drink in my fridge that is cold is beer ! 
Just Dance has to be one of the best Wii games I have played yet . Must buy this ! And put on shorts . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > ... watching this by myself .... 
< PROPFEMALE > says flawed is the new beauty . Psh . If that's the case , I'm gorgeous . \ 
* sarcasm * 
I have 2 free passes to Brookfield Zoo- let me know if you want them . They expire on the 31 so I have mail them ASAP !! 
Someone is trying to play smart with me on paypal- I'm not an idiot- you never paid me ! 
I'm going back to school !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died ?! 
I rented a bunch of crappy movies this weekend . I did enjoy < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland suprisingly . 
Counting down the days till I see your shining face again !! 
Wants to do a photo shoot of someone ... something ... 
If you dont have love in your heart you have nothing . 
Reunited and it feels so good ! :) 
Wore a bathing suit today . Epic failure . My self esteem wants to bury itself under a very large , heavy rock . 
Rain and a migraine ... :( 
Thank you for such a great weekend . Cant wait to see you again . I love you ! 
Mri next week . Yay 
I could really use a wish right now ... 
I'm a little afraid to work out today ! My shoulder is messed up again ! 
Somebody get me a Diet Coke stat and NO ONE gets hurt ! 
Sometimes when I am sitting here , I will think of you and just be totally overwhelmed with a sense of love for you . 
I wish I was in Chicago to celebrate ! Whoo hoo ! 
He loves me ... he loves me not ... 
So many life goals and dreams I have that I worked so hard for and that I want so bad ... but they're just so far away . 
I really want to bake and design a cake for someone . Anyone have a special occassion coming up ? 
This Saturday starting at 6- Family Video on Century will be hosting a Wii Party with free pizza- come in and say hi ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I missed the call . Now I am freaking out . Is it yes or no ? 
\What's with brazilian wax jobs ? It's like having hitler's mustache in your underware \"" 
I bought a baby cake pan so I can make baby cakes for friend's birthdays ! :) 
I want to curl up with chocolate , a good book , cookie pants and my glasses , hair pulled back in a messy pony tail . 
MY BOYFRIEND SHALL NEVER GO TO THE BARS ALONE AGAIN . 
Had a great time with all the wonderful and beautiful PT people today ! I really do feel like one of the family ;) 
Actually not looking forward to tonight and tomorrow :( 
Movie weekend ! 1 down 5 to go . 
UGH this is going to be a long night . I want to call in sick for next week already . 
I need to stop watching wedding shows . Im addicted . 
Won a Brothers Pitcher Party . This week only LOL Tomorrow anyone ? 
Remember- pitcher party tonight at Brothers- bring a couple bucks and DRINK ! 
Severely upset with Brothers- they will be hearing from me in the morning ! 
VERY ANGRY !! It is way too warm to cake decorate . All my pink flowers look like blobs :( And the icing is melting . 
It's a girl !! And she needs a name !! <3 
6 Flags tomorrow !!!!! 
Looking for my next victims to take to 6 Flags !! :) had a great time today !! 
Oh no . A new wedding show and a CUPCAKE show . I'm so in trouble !! 
< PROPMALE > Thorsen is the shit . Thanks for the 1000 ! ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > countdown !! 
Not feelin so hot today ;( 
< PROPFEMALE > Fox is married :( 
Has a certain person on her mind tonight * hugs * 
I have alot of random thoughts and feelings runing through me right now . 
If there are any Twilight fans out there that would like an authentic autograph from Boo Boo Or Tinsel ( < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ) , please message me . They are $25 PPD each . 
ECLIPSE !! 
I promise to love you every moment of forever . 
TRULY enjoying the people pf Walmart site ... I am in a fit of giggles 
Breaking < PROPFEMALE > will have multiple sex scenes , keeping it PG13- HAHA 
I promise to love & support you everyday of my life . All i need from you is the same and for you to remind me how much i mean to you 
Does anyone have season 2 & 3 of < PROPMALE > i can borrow ? 
I caught Finn climbing up the patio screen ! 
There is nothing on tv on Sunday afternoons . Dont want To work till 11 tonight . Ugh . 
Just love me . Adore me . < PROPFEMALE > every moment we have together , and look forward to what tomorrow brings us . 
I think I kinda dislike people right now ? 
I dont know how i got so lucky to have a boyfriend like i do , and to have kept him for all these short years . 
Ummmm ... hot shower . Ambien . Bed . 
Lunch and then tanning at my beach ! 
Sad . 
I don't know if he thinks I'm beautiful . 
He thinks I'm beautiful . <3 
I love being mickeys ' little friend'!! 
So tired ... can't even get to the shower ... had an amazing weekend ! \ 
Good luck to friends at < PROPFEMALE > this week- post how you did ! 
Just curious here , but how the heck do you plan your soon-to-be engagement ? Is that not all supposed to be a surprise ??? 
I have a small white shelving unit anyone can have for a case of Diet Coke ... no joke . 
I have a bump on my head that is sure to bruise . And only Mick Murphy will know ! 
Trying to get everyone motivated and to the horse park ! 
Free beer for me !! Thanks guy ! 
Really hopes the pink eye goes away soon ... 
People . The world is NOT ending in 2012 . That is a huge rumor , belief , etc . The Mayans never predicted that . It is a WESTERN belief . I'm so sick of hearing about this ! 
I'll just sit and sulk tonight . Anyone wanna watch a chick flick with eat some ice cream ?? 
I really wish I could look into the future right now . Or for someone to slap me , tell me to butch up and it will be ok , OR someone to tell me they love me and it will be ok . I just need something cuz I hate feeling like I'm nothing . 
<3 I really need to open my eyes a bit further and realize what amazing friends I have in my life <3 
What does every girl love ? Sexy lingerie . 
I smell chinese food and I haven't had lunch yet ! :( 
I found out today that I do not like being TP'd while in the shower Mick Murphy 
My laptop has a virus and I can't use it :( 
I hate having all the time in the world alone . I feel so bored . I feel like I'm bothering everyone who does have a life at this moment . It feels like it will never end . I need a life . 
What ? Am I actually NERVOUS to get on a horse to ride this week ? WTF is wrong with me ? 
I feel like I am the only teacher in my class who has not gotten a job for the fall . :( 
Obviously I should be in bed now ... 
Not bad for three years off ... just walked out with a busted knee !! hahaha love it ! 
Usually , at parties , I am the drunk dancing and being everyone's best friend . Tonight , I was the cripple in the corner . BUT ... I can walk on the knee better ! 
Editing my book I wrote when I was 13 ... :) Fun ! 
My first book is currently in the first stages of publication ! 
Proof copy is in the mail ! It would be awesome if I love it and csn publish it right away ! But I realized that I left some out of the dedication :( 
It's so humid ! I want to swim ! 
Ugh . Surrendering to the air conditioning . Along with some water . Humidity got the best of me . 
I just wanted to say- congrats to * all * wedding couples this month . Those getting married , just got engaged or are popping the question . I can't keep up with you all so here is a public service announcement . ;) 
So i got out all my riding stuff after 3 years . Dirty saddle pads , and leather . Anyone want to come over for a tack cleaning party ? ;) 
And ... I'm fat . It's official . 
Interview tomorrow 
It could have gone better- still not the worst ! 
Beingback in the saddle feels great- now , can anyone sponsor me ? 
I have horses back in my life , i found my soulmate , and i have a supportive family . My heart is full of happiness and love . 
< PROPFIRST > and I went riding today . Loved seeing him in the saddle ! 
I came back to < PROPFEMALE > for nothing ! ( except Finn ! ) And i have pink eye AGAIN 
I wonder if he thinks of me and misses me as I much as I do him ! 
Waiting for the approval of my edited copy , then I can order another proof and hopefully will be available for sale by Sept 1 ! 
I need to go back to school to get my mind off of things ! 
I ran up my teeth and brushed up the stairs , said on my pajamas and put on my prayers . I turned on the bed and hopped on the light . It's all because you kissed me goodnight ! 
Get this . My work fired me because i didnt clean the bathroom . There were NO gloves and i was in flip flops 
I hope one of my wishes will come true soon . I need something to go good in my life ! 
I think i may want to persue my career as an author . Now . What should my next book be about ? 
Awesome day at six flags , now another at the zoo ! 
If anyone wants a futon- contact Mick ! 
I need a good couple of books to read ... 
There's a place downtown where the freaks all come around , it's a hole in the wall , it's a dirty free for all 
A big congrats to < PROPFIRST > Gilmore and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > on their wedding day ! 
Every couple has their problems , but that ones that will make it and be together forever are the ones who can overcome those obstacles . 
I need a name for my photography ' business ' . < PROPFEMALE > Nejman just isn't catchy enough . 
I <3 my boyfriend ! 
Have i mentioned lately how i love my boyfriend ? 
I want summer back ! This 40 degree weather blows ! 
May be doing a book signing in November in Eagle River ! 
Feeling down and out ... confused , mixed emotions and freaking out on being back in school . Already . * screams into pillow * 
Goals for today : deposit check , mail back books for Mick and Tali , clean room , clean living room , homework , go through clothes . 
What ... do I want for my birthday ? 
Shutterfly Studios 
Now that winter is here , I shall wrap myself in my hoodie cocoon and come out a beautiful butterfly in summer . 
Some people just love to rain down on your parade . BUT ... this time , I've learned to let it go . Off to the gym ! ( Oh yea , I'm getting better on freak outs ) 
Finished sewing ... now to learn crochet for some Christmas gifts ... not looking good ! BUT ... now I have time to clean . When I get home Sunday . :) 
Hopefully we found a show hall for Show for the Cure next year ... so let's get the ball rolling ! 
Hey everyone ! I need you to go to my ZOO album , and vote for your favorite animal pic ! Thank you ! ( sorry , Mick does not count ) 
Have 3 photo contests I am entering , and I can't choose which pix to use ! 
\The key to a woman's heart is an unexpected gift at an unexpected time . \ " < PROPFIRST > Connery " 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ... so much I have to see and do ! 
It is 4:45 am . Mick just left to hunt , and I'm wide awake . Too early to do anything so ... I feel I'm gonna crash later today ! 
Anyone ever see Stardust ? < PROPFIRST > DeNiro as a gay pirate has been hilarious , and I want a sugar baby . I need sleep ! 
I need something to make me feel sexy !! Stuffy nose and congested face don't work well . 
Adopt an attitude of confidence . 
Our backs ache , our skirts are too tight , our booty shakes from left to right ! \ 
Hm . I don't find this offensive or suggestive ... people are weird and want their 15 < PROPFEMALE > of fame . Shame on them ! 
I hate being sick ... what a waste of a weekend , plus 4 days ! 
I have to make ANOTHER to do list . But I'd rather write my book . 
Flatter me , and I may not believe you . Criticize me , and I may not like you . Ignore me , and I may not forgive you . Encourage me , and I may not forget you . 
Why am I so dizzy ? 
A mild concussion would explain alot ! 
If someone wouldn't mind watching Bones tonight and text me the details ?? I have Anthropology class ... 
I got my first rejection letter today , but I feel ok- I'm going up north with < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm a killer . :( 
It really bothers me when people flex in front of the bathroom mirrors and take self photos ... hahah 
I was denied financial aid . Great ! 
Woo hoo for Hulu and < PROPMALE > ! I won't miss this season ! 
I need an artist to draw me a picture ! Or photo shop it I don't care ! 
Alright computer people ... I was typing an email the other day and somehow made my internet windows appear itty bitty ... make them big !! 
Now for the other problem ... what do I go as for Halloween ? 
I love < PROPFIRST > Brand 
If I ever get married , I want < PROPFIRST > Tutera to come in and plan my wedding . 
A day without you is like a year without rain . 
I feel like the book I have been slaving over will be no good :( 
A fun day at the zoo , now I'm freezin ! 
Early birthday celebration with the family today ! 
I have such an amazing , loving family . I hated leaving this weekend :( 
Well ... I was going to buy a blu-ray player tomorrow , but can't now since I don't have HD TV . Damn . And you can't spend your bday gifts on bills , right ? 
Tali < PROPMALE > saved my day with Diet Coke ! Thank you my dear ! <3 
Tomorrow's plan : Study Anthropology . Work on book . Work out . 
Oh boy . Just signed up for NaNoWriMo !! Little nervous !! 
I like it everywhere . 
Revised : I like it on the kitchen table . 
6 more days ! :) 
The room is spinning and now I feel like i want to throw up . I'm shaking too . Is this the flu ?? 
I'm actually looking forward to going to the doctor next week ... 
At this rate ... I don't think any of my dreams and wishes will come true . They always just backfire . 
Eureka ! A gathering if guidos ! 
Writing , writing , writing ... now I shall clean ! And make a steak dinner for myself , complete with a potato and WINE . And a chick flick . I need friends ... lol 
I typed so much yesterday that I have two bumps in my arms ... quite strange ... 
Going to pick up my handicapped boyfriend and our handicapped friend . 
I will be a more empathetic girlfriend ... 
They say true friends go long periods of time w/out speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don't hold grudges . THEY UNDERSTAND THAT LIFE IS BUSY , but ... you will always love them . 
WoW- thank you so much for all the birthday love this morning !! 
Had an amazing day thanks to my amazing boyfriend , friends and family !! Thank you all ! 
Headin to Tennessee tomorrow ... trying to head to bed ... 
Finally in Cookeville ! Now , what to do tomorrow ? 
Lunch , workout , and then working on the to-do list that keeps growing ! 
To my model horse friends !! I am in need of 3-4 judges to come out to Itasca to judge a cancer benefit show March 19 , 2011 ! AR Halter , CM Halter and workmanship , and I would like to try and do OF collectability ! 
I love you- those three words have my life in them . 
I can't eat * anything * without getting sick . 
I'm just ... I don't know right now . Worried ? Upset ? Stressed ? Wish I had more reassurance , I don't know how I should feel right now . 
Im beginning to understand you cant keep living in the past , so you need to embrace the future with an open mind and heart . It will be well worth it . 
I'm nothing special and far from perfect , I'm not the smartest or in the best shape , but I do have a heart of gold , and the will to fight for love . 
Going to buy Finn a new litterbox , and then treat myself ( and < PROPFIRST > ) to a piece of pumpkin cheesecake ! 
My boyfriend hid in my truck and scared the crap out of me ! i 
Ghost Adventures ... who are you trying to fool ? 
Anybody want to see < PROPMALE > Potter with me ?? 
Getting ready to start the new job , really hope I can pull this off . 
Getting ready to go back to Schaumburg ... for a day and a half . 
I want you to make me feel like im the only girl in the world , like im the only one youll ever know 
Want a free photo shoot ? Engagement , family , pets , etc ? Send me a message ! 
I love spending money i dont have ! 
I don't know what to be for Halloween !! 
I cant figure out half these costumes this year . Ridiculous . 
< PROPFIRST > told me : your eyes have a little brown in them . Like someone pooped in the ocean . 
Tomorrow starts NaNoWriMo ... and I don't think I'll be able to work on my book this week . What did I get myself into ? lol Awesome weekend though ! 
54 days till Christmas ? When did that happen ? 
I need to do a photo shoot of a horse and rider STAT ! 
I want to get Mick something super awesome for Christmas , but alas I am lacking ideas . 
How shower and a movie ! 
Somebody ... Ask me how i am . 
Just entered three pix ( so far ) for an equine contest . Yikes ! 
So my boss said yesterday , last time it was 70 degrees in November in < PROPFEMALE > , we got a 100 inches of snow . 
Missing her little pumpkin ... it will be weird not snuggling tonight :( \ 
But ... I think I shall make some breakfast and clean and study to pass the time away . 
Right about now would be an excellent time to know my future ( like , within this next year ) . Photography program = on hold = BIG :( 
Alright , next plan for the day ... let laptop cool off , clean and put away laundry and then work on my novel ;) 
People ... when someone holds the door open for you , you should say THANK YOU . Otherwise , we're allowed to let it slam in your face . 
If anyone wants badger hockey tickets cfor tomorrow call me ! 8473478982 
I got the best compliment ever today at work ! 
I think I am at the point in my story , where it's the climax . Going to start to finalize the ending . Hopefully it will be done for the contest ! I'm so excited that my writer's block is gone ! 
December 4th hurry up ! 
I can't study at all ... I'm so tired , and this class is a joke . :( 
< PROPMALE > Potter is sold out everywhere , and the closest theater does not sell online . Idiots ! 
I think < PROPFEMALE > Simpson's engagement ring is ugly . Just sayin ... 
Someone , please send me a pic to color . I'm addicted . 
Watching < PROPMALE > ... These baby model parents need to be shot . 
I have an overhwelming urge to cry . 
Hm . Do I put up Christmas decorations tomorrow ? 
I wish I didn't have fat fingers , I'd love to buy < PROPFEMALE>'s engagement ring- I think it's prety now . 
Is it sad that as I write this scene in my book , my eyes tear up ? LOL 
http://cgi.ebay.com/TWILIGHT-ECLIPSE-BELLA-ENGAGEMENT-RING-MEYER-8-COA-G-/360232338595?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item53df8544a3 
Sometimes I feel my dreams will never come true and everything I think I'm good at , I really suck at . 
It's done !!! 
I'm starting to think I may not want to be a teacher anymore :( 
< PROPFIRST>'s coming home ! 
Parents ... if you are going to have your child's pix done at a studio , please let the photographer do their job . Otherwise playing with grandma's over to the side of the wall will only result in horrible pix that you will be unhappy with . And please tell grandma to lay off the perfume so I don't choke . Thanks ! 
Hoping with this three day break I can catch up on photography ! 
What am I not thankful for ? 
Awesome . Thanks to my stomach , I am spending the rest of the night by myself . 
I LOVE Amazon's Black Friday deals , with free shipping for a year and NO tax . Whoo hoo ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielson :( 
Does anyone have a brochure from the Chicago < PROPMALE > Musuem you can mail me ? 
I'm itchin to start another book ... have NO idea what to write about ! Or genre . I kinda wanna write something of everything , but I don't want people to think bad of me ! :( 
I need books to read !! 
Watching < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... I forgot how much i love greek mythology 
I wish i had a bff to gossip with right about now while christmas shopping ! Im pathetic ... 
I just ... I guess I just give up . 
I love to dream . Only there do my wishes come true . 
Remind me , and remind me often , of just how much I mean to you and how much you love me . 
I don't know what to do anymore ! 
Thanks to all who told me I looked like a < PROPFEMALE > last night , you totally boosted my ego ! ;) 
Ummmm ... I hate snow . 
When I grow up ... I wanna be a writer and a photographer . \ 
Crap , that's now ! 
I want new kids on the block/ bsb tix for next summer !! Lol 
What do i tell mick i want for christmas ? 
A huge thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Pankow-Ripp for being the first to read ' Winter ' , and loving it . What an awesome sign ;) 
Oh crap . Amazon has holiday hot deals . I'm in trouble ! 
I have to say , I am pretty in love with life right now . 
I had the weirdest dream about someone last night . Someone I could care less about and haven't dealt with since high school . Same thing with a person from elementary school . ? 
AHHHH I just got new photo editing software . Can't wait to try it out after this afternoon's shoot ! 
My excitement and awesome day just turned , like that . I don't know whether to laugh or to cry . 
Oh jamba juice . How ive missed thee . 
I <3 Boy Meets World 
So excited to be working up a clientele list for photography . Thank you to Catie Koss for referring me ! 
Hmmm should I create a website for being an author/writer ? 
K I was bored ... here is my author website , in progress . 
WHOA . Where'd that bottle of wine and chocolate go ? Oh yea ... 
I thought I liked my co-workers up until now . \ 
I've come to the conclusion I love them ! 
Oh the signs . Stop it ! 
All of MATC is open . Except the south side . I don't want to do my final . 
Ooopsies ... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , You know what I want for Christmas . :) 
Bridal Plasty , a new wedding show ... 
Why is boudoir photography so expensive ? Maybe that's what I should do instead ... yeesh . 
There is a necklace I absolutely must have on Amazon's holidy deals and they're goin fast , but should I buy myself one ? 
I hate how I'm feeling in regards to my final tonight . It's just left a bad taste in my mouth and I'm really discouraged . 
Most people have a 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honour of someone you know has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy and repost 
Greatest man in history named Jesus had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart ... Merry CHRISTmas . 
Really , professor < PROPFIRST > Ass ? Thank you for giving me my two worst grades ever for college classes . \ 
Excuse my vulgarity 
Being home sick may have some advantages ... I get to watch Christmas shows all day and get in the spirit even more . 
I would love to go to the atlantis resort in the bahamas . 
Trying to book a cruise . Why not ? I want to say , screw it all . I don't care ! 
I just got the sweetest email asking if I was writing a sequel to < PROPFEMALE>'s Big Day because it was fantastic ! Please tell that to the agents ! ;) 
Good luck to all my PT friends on their finals this week . You all will do amazing ! 
I totally loved How to Train Your Dragon . 
Just booked two nights at the Chula Vista . Whoo hoo ! 
I really hate people who leave their animals in a cold car . 
I need an actual , real friend to sit next to me and let me cry on their shoulders . Now would be a good time . 
I want to get a really awesome sweet 16 present , and need ideas . Ideas ? 
Finn is being naughty ! < PROPFEMALE > Paws will be leaving him coal if he doesn't leave the tree alone ! 
I love my family , had a wonderful Christmas ( other than a few incidents ;) ) , and am wiped . Ready for an exciting day in Chicago tomorrow ! 
Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > in chicago at the nutcracker on horseback ! 
Planning a trip to Cali this year ! 
It's just getting harder and harder . Maybe it's just not meant to be ? 
Got a hat trick and almost dropped the gloves tonight ;) 
2 tablespoons of < PROPFEMALE > on a saltine cracker cures hangovers . 
< PROPFIRST > is my < PROPFIRST > , as I am his Topanga . <3 
Unless something else pops up , I am going to buy a new TV and Ipod this year . 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more than I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are my family who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! 
Trying to decide which book to start ... 
I think Finn is sick :( 
Does anyone know if bridal shows have info on becoming a bridal consultant ? 
Is a bit of glow stick juice toxic to cats ? I've swallowed some before ... 
My blu < PROPFIRST > player will only play dvds now . Help ? Ive tried unplugging it . 
I want to start writing again ! 
Attention sewers ! How would you like to help make money for cancer ? 
We need donations for Show for the Cure . Please help ! 
Now , no reason to be excited , but I would like to have a date for Saturday when I go to the < PROPFEMALE > Bridal Expo ... I need info on consulting . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > party at my place tomorrow at 2- come if you can ! ( I won a free pampering session ;) ) 
Novel #2 , started . 
Looking forward to celebrating an early 8 year anniversary ! 
Ugh . Another reject for ' < PROPFEMALE>'s Big Day ' . Can't wait to have fun with agents and ' Winter ' . 
If you have Disney Rewards points that you don't use- please 
I have characters clawing to get out of my head and on to paper ! 
I am excited to say , my young adult novel ' Winter ' will make it's debut mid February ! Message me if you would like to pre-order a copy ! 
Anyone know how much it is and where I can find how to get a tax exempt number for a non profit organization ? IRS.gov is all spanish to me . 
UMMM . I really could care less about the Bears and Packers , thanks . But I do enjoy reading your rants . 
I'm a huge nerd and rented < PROPMALE > Potter * HBP for Wii . I beat it last night . HA 
I dreamt of you last night , and realized that I miss you to no end . It'll never be the same , and you're nowhere to be found :( 
I can't write a good query letter ! I write books , not letters ! 
Had the most amazing dream last night . 
As asked below , I'm doing likewise :\ 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
There are too many free kittens on craigslist . I want to take them all home ! 
Life doesnt wait for you to get back on your feet . 
PSH . Who cares about football ? It's all about hockey and horses . 
20 days , 7 hours and 10 seconds to < PROPFIRST>'s Day . What are YOU getting for your loved one ? 
I was pretty much told I'll be a girlfriend for life today . 
Who was I to think that my book would have an instant appeal to agents ? IDIOT . FAIL . 
Thanks to my wonderful BF , my day was made much better . 
I have an opportunity to get back into riding , but I'm still slightly hesitant . * sigh * 
If you were transported into another world and the people needed your help , what would it be for ? 
I pulled Winter from Amazon , for now , because with some help from Mick , I realized it was far from my best work , and it was not really ready for others . So it's still in works ;) 
Alright . What snow storm ? 
Dear God , You must have known I am feeling horrible with this migraine and stoach issue , therefore you cancelled class . Love you lots , Amen . 
Watching Mick shovel off his truck to go bring a stranded neighbor home . This proves even more how amazing he is . <3 
Where's a good place to buy a laptop ? 
More snow on Saturday , till Tuesday . 
Screw you Walmart ! I hate you even more now ! 
My head is spinning with all the excitement of stuff for the show next month and NEXT YEAR !! 
Happy 8 YEAR anniversary to the most amazing guy out there ! Look how far we've come ! I love you SOOOOO much ! 
Found a new favorite book ... 
Who is Lombardi , why is he home , and who won ? 
Migraine ... you have < PROPFEMALE > around long enough , time for you to go ! 
Yeesh ... will I ever feel normal again ? I'm sick of being sick ! 
Attention horse friends ! I need a picture of a barrel racer that I can use for my next book ! 
I need to get back into riding . :( 
Very much looking forward to one of my favorite traditions with my < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
BEST VALENTINE'S EVER !!!! I have an agent interested in Winter !!! 
Work day today , hopefully , as now I'm sick ( thanks Mick Murphy ) and it's all in my ears making me dizzy ! and I can't hear a thing lol ! 
Was at the bookstore and ONLY managed to spend $31 . I could have spent another $500 or more . 
Keeping a long time friend in my prayers as I learned tonight she battled breast cancer , but now has stage four lung cancer . Please keep her and her family in your prayers . 
Hoping to submit my manuscript by this weekend ! EEEEEK ! 
Whpoo I am home at last ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Pankow-Ripp for taking my shift tomorrow ! 
IIII want < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding dress from her new video . 
I've said it a million times before and I'll say it again ... I love my boyfriend . He is the best ! 
Alright . Now I am stressing , 
Just sent ' Winter ' to the agent . Send good thoughts my way , I was so nervous presssing send !! 
I really wanna enter a beauty pageant . I'd be a huge loser , but it would be fun to get all glitzed up . Thanks Toddlers & Tiaras ... 
I'm getting closer and closer to doing it . 
Picked up 8 books at the library , and i have about 5 to read here . Life is good . 
my cats so stupid he cant even catch the mouse thats pooping all over our apartment ... worthless ... anyone want a free cat ? 
I think I love my coworkers even more now ... 
Wow . It's official . I'm a bigger idiot than I thought I was ! 
Gym . Shower . Homework . Clean . Read . 
Why are boys so daft ? 
I need a music buff to help me ... 
Relationships have their own roads that they take in their own time . For me , all that it matters is that we have each other , and we'll be in love till the end of time . 
The high school I student taught at is hiring . Keep your fingers crossed for me ! 
One of these days ill be on the kiss cam :( 
Really hoping to go to the Midwest Horse Fair for atleast a day ! 
STOP SNOWING ! 
I'm sick . Feel free to come over and make me soup . 
Back to Schaumburg tomorrow , Huntley Saturday , then chillin alll next week . Brookfield anyone ? 
' Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . If you give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . If you give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . If you give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . \ 
She multiplies and enlarges what is given to her . So , if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . ' 
Someone please go see Red Riding Hood with me while I am in Illinois ! 
Playing on my new laptop ... ever mention how my mom is the best ? 
So something is wrong with my phone . Woke up to 37 new but old texts . I apologize if you got something early this morning . 
Not cool . My butts not fillin out my jeans as much ! 
What are some good iPhone apps ? 
Since when does amazon hand deliver boxes at 730 in the morning by calling you first ? 
I have : 3 phones , a laptop , curio cabinet , coffee table and DVD stand for sale . Any interest ? I'm home till Sunday . 
I kinda find it funny seeing all these certain people I grew up with now getting married and having kids ... never saw that coming . 
If anyone is out and about on Saturday and would like to support a great cause , come out to my cancer benefit in itasca at the holiday inn ! 
Headin over to the holiday inn to set up for the big day tomorrow- yay ! 
Wow , can't even begin to begin to explain how amazing my family and friends are . Thank you for such an amazing show ! 
Ugh . I don't want to go to court next month . So stupid . 
Truly saddened at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s passing ;( 
I'm starting to love the fact I'm a dork . If you can't accept my interests than poo on you . 
Grape . Lol 
The list of people poking me keeps growing ... 
Writing a kids book while enjoying a cold one . 
Sometimes , I just want to smack my head against my desk . 
Wish I had something to look forward to ... 
Rest in peace knut , young polar bear . 
Tons of Anatomy stuff here for sale !! :) Flashcards , books ... and an MLA guideline book ! 
Ahh photo contest results come this week ! 
I had the sweetest guy come in to have his girlfriend's beloved kittens photographed for her for her birthday surprse . :) 
I can't stop crying :( I was doing so good ! 
Soooo tired . Just need a looong nap . 
Had a dream last night the agent loved Winter and wanted more . I hope this is a good sign ! I haven't had a preminition in awhile ! 
Spring cleaning . After lunch . 
I'm over it . I'm tired of it all , it just stresses me out . So it'll never happen . I guess it's ok . It's not meant to be . 
Just about ready to give up being an fcs teacher 
I love looking at clearance items at jewelery stores . So many awesome deals , just wish I had the money to treat myself ;) 
I need someone to fix a model horse ear . Please ... if you can resculpt ears , please let me know . 
I don't know what's wrong with me lately . 
