is sitting at work WAY too early and very bored ! 

Another early morning at the Sanctuary ... :S 
Sitting at work waiting for seven o'clock to roll around ... it feels like i'm always sitting at work haha 
is starting to get really angry at the fact her internet hasn't worked for almost two weeks !! 
off to my first day of school ... :S 
is driving to < PROPFEMALE > utah today ... anyone know where that is ?? 
has a really bad headache ... still 
Really bored at work .... and super tired and kinda stuffed up really not looking forward to this week haha 
Thanks for coffee friends :) love you !! 
is VERY excited to get away for the weekend !!! :) 
I'm looking at you through the glass , dont know how much time has passed , oh god it feels like forever , but no one ever tells you that forever feels like home , sitting all alone inside your head 
Another day ... another long ass day !! Cant wait for saturday night !!! Then I can relax :) 
For sure hit my wall this morning when I woke up and had to go to school .... i'm < PROPFEMALE > over it !! 
6 more days ! i can do it ! 
i need a vacation ! 
she's making my lint dance 
Is really tired and I'm not quite sure if I'm ready for this week yet ... 
I am so ready for this week to be over and it just started ! :( 
Miss my reno fam , but It was still fun ... hello again salt lake 
He looks like a < PROPMALE > :) 
If you wanna go and take a ride wit me , We three-wheelin in the fo ' with the gold D's , Oh why do I live this way ? 
So so very tired :) 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , That's alright because i like the way it hurts , Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , That's alright because I love the way you lie , \ 
\ 
I Love the way you lie , I Love the way you lie 
\Every time I look at this I pee my pants a little \"" 
Got in a car accident on my way home from work ... totally sucks ! :( 
oh < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
Sometimes I wish life wasn't so complicated and all the answers to everything would just appear in my head .. 
Taking a walk to the food court yesterday for lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , minding our own business when the best pickup line ever happened ... \what's your facebook status ? \"" 
Coffee sounds nice right about now .. 
I like it wherever there's space 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
GO JAZZ GO 
You may say that I'm a dreamer But I'm not the only one I hope someday you'll join us And the world will live as one 
I think it's time for a vaca again ... 
SALON WARS THIS SATURDAY OCTOBER 16TH !!! Come support the Sanctuary hair team at Club Elevate downtown !!! Doors open at 7 show starts at 8 and goes until 10 . After party from 10 to 2 !!! Tickets $10 or ask me !! 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE & Acceptance ! NOT hate 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughing with you 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! It was an amazing birthday and a pretty bomb 22 on the 22 !! lol love you all !! :) 
My best friend gave me the best advice He said today's a gift and not a given right .. So live like you're never living twice Don't take the free ride in your own life 
Such a great weekend ... I just can't get over it !! :) 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those who havedied of cancer or who are still fighting 
yoga today was amazing !! But totally kicked my ass !! 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard When we drink it we do it right gettin slizzard Sippin sizzurp in my ride , like Three 6 Now I'm feelin so fly like a G6 
hmmm yoga ? 
Long day at work ... glad it is over !! 
Crush a bit , little bit , roll it up , take a hit Feelin’ lit feelin’ light , 2 am summer night . 
Yup far too early to be up and at work ... 
I love that it's snowing !! 
GO JAZZ GO !!! 
So glad it's Friday !!! :) 
Oh how much I love Utah ... love the snow love the Utes and gotta love the Jazz :) 
Wow don't know if I should ever drink champagne again !! But the pictures made it worth it ! :) 
Being sick is not fun ... Hope It's gone tomorrow ! 
12 more days !! The countdown is on ! 
December 7 , a day to always be remembered , \a date which will live in infamy \"" 
I think coffee is going to win this battle this morning ... 
Wendover here we come :) 
I will pee on a fricken pricker bush ! Haha 
Remember , this Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back ... and for those still serving in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost this as your status to show respect 
yesterday was a good day of football , GO Steelers ! 
Time to get our dance on tonight !!!! ;) 
I'm kinda glad I missed the jazz game this morning ... 
my glass is empty .. this sucks 
Let's go steelers !! 
go steelers !!! 
Definitely an awesome weekend ! :) 
So excited for Miss < PROPFIRST > to be here this weekend !!! :) 
