Getting a dog tomorrow so excited ! a 2 month old pit mix . SOOO cute , will post pictures when I get it . 

Chillin at work , shoulder is still in pain , don't know what I did to it . its that sharp pain when you look one way or the other and it hurts .... yeah , the problem is dind't happen when I woke up like it normaly would for most , it has increased in pain since last night when I got to work . Seems to be going away . I hope . 
Well , for all of you that know it was undertimed weather or not I was moving it offical , I will be gone thursday morning . I am moving to Indiana , for those of you who that live in AZ it was nice knowing you and maybe we will talk on occasion . And I'll see you on the flip side . Hit me up if you ever want to talk . 
Not moving to indiana , things fell through . Thats all have a nice day . 
Well , as of tonight I am jobless , going to talk to 2nd shift liutenent , to see if I can still work for security , if not I will be jobless here very soon . 
Oh yeah ! I'm going to the gym . Got to love that work-out pain . :D 
had a great time at the gym , I think my shots are improving ! So excited . :D Now its time for me to go to work . 
Soo .... I got my back waxed ! OMFG !! Did it hurt , but at least the chick that waxed my back was really cool we were joking about all sorts of things as I winced in pain . :D Now my back is so silky smooth ! 
Avatar was an amazing movie ! 
As I sit her I ponder , why does it have to be this way , I think ... why are things so difficult . I can't , for the life of me get answers . There it is , but yet I fail to understand . Why can't things like this be understood ? How many times do I have to feel this pain before it will all be over . I can't stand this anymore , please help me , save me from all this pain . 
Times is passing yet things seem to stand still . I start to lose focus , yet everything has never seemed to clear . As my vision blurs I start to stumble . There it is , I can feel it now .... wait it can't be . And now the darkness has consumed me . Now its to late , the light will never shine for me again . please again I need your help . 
So , bowling is still as amazing as ever , @ < PROPFIRST > and I had a very close match up today . Who knows we might soon have another match up . 
So .. I got a new job , kind of excited . Its telemarketing , pays $9 an hour + commision . So its better than my last job , I am hopeful that everything will work out for the best . 
About to head to the gym , working hard on losing weight so I can join the army ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I don't understand why some girls have problems showing emotions . Why can't they cry , why is it when I cry I get yelled at ? What did I do so wrong ? I want to make her happy , but I feel like a failure . I love her but don't feel like its enough . Please god , forgive me for all the wrongs that I have done . I beg of you let me be happy . 
You know I couldn't think of anyon emore worthless than me . I hate my life , I really kind of wish someone would put me out o fmy misery . This life sucks and i'm such a piece of shit that I can't seem to make anyone happy . ANd imnf anyhthng were to ahhen to met o night i am swishing yo0u all the best . I really hope this will be then end and I can say ogod bye . 
You lost the game 
Life is simple you make decisions and don't look back . Learn as you go and fuck everything else . 
Sometimes life can lead you in unexpected directions . I guess all we can do is fallow that path and hope for the best . Its crazy how everything can turn out and who you meet . Sometimes its good to throw emotions out the window and just have fun . lol . 
Cell is of till thursday , sorry . :( 
Life is a complicated thing . I sit here and ponder things and wonder what it is all for . People come and go and nothing is everlasting , yet we all move forward . How is it we can move forward when things seem to be lack purpose . 
Soo .... I got drunk the other night , and ended up on my face out in the parking lot . And can't remember almost anything after they got me back in the house , now that is what I call a great fucken time ! being that drunk is great ! 
fuck this , fuck you , fuck everything . There is nothing worth anything . So just fucken forget it all . I don't care and nor does anyone esle . 
Couldn't be more happy right now ! well I could be my love can't be with me right now . I got my car fixed , thanks to one of the very few that I hold so close to my heart , < PROPFIRST > . He is the man ! Got a new clutch in it and it is oh so very nice ! so excited !!! OMFG !!! YAY !! ( does the happy dance ) 
Feeling fantastic ! So excited about the future everything is looking up . Now all I need to do now is get my ass down to a college get some student aid and get in school . But now I am torn between two things , being a mechanic and massage theropy . Both I love because they deal with working with my hands . 
Excited about getting to fly for the first time . I have not been this excited since .... oh I can't remember , lol ! the next two weeks are goign to be fun !!!! 
A qeustion for you bible thumpers , I require something to be answered . What does it say in the bible about suicide ? I am not lookiing for support or comfort , if you are not giving me info then move the fuck along , and no I am not drinking so fuck off . 
So , I would say forget contemplating suicide , putting one self in pain is so much better , it lasts longer ! Death is to quick you don't get to enjoy the physical pain ! 
So ... went to see kick ass ! I can't stop creaming my pants !!!! I need to see a doctor or a really hott nurse that will help with this problem ! lol . 
So I am excited about coming home tomorrow , how I have missed some of you ! it will be good to sleep in my own nice big bed . 
I'm at the air port now waiting to board . Not to excited to be going home knowing I will be walking into drama . God how I hate drama ! 
You know what I hate , its the fact when you get 3 sides of a story and most if it is different . I hate people . lol I just want to kill some of them , and the other I want to torture because death would be do nice . 
Kind of excited got a meeting with an advisor at apollo college to see what it will take for me to get into school there so I can become a massage therapist . 
oh how i hate life , have plan to go to school thingy and i gett sicckl 
So I busted my phone , the screen is no longer functioning ..... at least I can make calls ? lol 
Will be playing sc2 in a matter of minutes I am so excited !!! I so going to get owned . :( 
Well I placed in SC2 1v1 only at copper league , 2v2 I shot straigt to gold league . 
Phone is curently off , hit me up here or on msn or yahoo . 
Phone is off permenently , thats the latest updates thank you have a wonderful day . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding herhow \ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he \ 
could make love to her . When you make your women CRY there's a man \ 
stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against \ 
Domestic Violence 
Please put this on your status if you know \ 
someone(or are related to someone ) who is a Collingwood supporter . \ 
Collingwood supporters affect the lives of many . There is still no known\ 
cure for Collingwood supporters ( also known as Collingwooditis ) but we \ 
can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , but we can jus ... t \ 
livein hope that one day , the world will be free of this terrible \ 
disorder . 
Soo ..... Today was an extemely sucky day . Today I lost my 2nd best friend . The only okay thing is I will still be able to stay in contact , but my 2nd and last best friend I have lost to cali ! ( shakes fist at cali ) I feel like I have no one left . :( 
Please put this on your status if you know , or\ 
are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliteratedby\ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand thatthe\ 
Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants onlypeace\ 
to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocentcivilians . 
So Iron man 2 + < PROPFIRST > hood = Great win !! 
So ... Maybe going to see shrek tomorrow who is in ? 
Well , if you want to talk or anything hit me up on MSN : Thyace69@hotmail.com 
So shrek was a very cute movie I would so recommend it to everyone to go see it at least once . :D 
I am bored out o fmy mind ! think i'm going to go crazy , lol . 
Just watched the most recent episode of bleach OMFG !!!! Ichigo's true form is absolutely amazing !!! yeah baby !!! 
Last episode of lost was so amazing !! It sucks that lost will never continue its amazing series , but at least it will always be incredible . Such a great show !!!! :( 
I completed my fafsa today ! Now I just hope that I get accepted so I can start going to school ! :D 
Tomorrow placement tests ! This should be fun ! After that get to talk to financial aid ! yay , lol . Hope everything goes great . :D 
So .... took my placement tests today , omfg ! I FAIL !!! LMFAO !! oh well , will be going to college in fall . :D 
Feelling good , all registered for fall semester at mcc . Just have a little more to get done and life will be set , minus the job part .... but I will work on that as well . 
well all is done for school , now all I have to do is wait to get accepted for financial aid , then I will be on my way to higher education . lol :D 
So ... fuck my life . I have not been to sleep yet and I don't feel like I can ..... I'm so confused !!! :( 
Well ladd and gents , I don't know when but my net will be going off soon . When it does it will be the last most of you will hear from me for a long time . And since I don't know how long it will be down , for that time I don't know how any of you are doing I hope you are all doing well and living great ! 
Well this sucks < PROPMALE > fucking balls my b.net account got hacked I cant do a damn thing about it right now 1 : they put an authinticator on it 2 : I don't have a phone to call blizzard . This blows so much balls right now omfg !! 
So on an upside I got my b.net account back on the down side all the armor that I had for my toons are gone , hopefully they will be restored . 
My internet is now turned off I am at an internet cafe . I guess I will talk to you all when I can . Take it easy . 
Well , I got in a car accident on Tuesday , and I was the brunt of the car joke . :( 
Sup you guys ! I am healing things are doing okay . Should have internet back in about a week or 2 . I start theropy monday . Hope all goes well . 
I has intornet my new number is 480 835 8062 . So if you want to chat via phone hit me up . :D 
My god be loving and forgiving , and those that we have hurt may they find the power in god to forgive us as he has done . For I know I would like to ask for those who I have hurt and done wrong for forgiveness . 
Its entertaining to take two percs when I'm in no pain now I'm waiting for them to kick in so I can pass out and finally get some sleep . It sucks that I have had like only 8 hours of sleep in the past 3 days . :( 
Can't say one to be glad to be single unless you with a girl i was with . Thank god that shit is over , lmfao !!! 
Soo .... I went to < PROPFIRST>'s club and got two HUGE bags of hot cheetos omfg How I love my cancer in a bag !! MmmmmMmmmMmmm !!!! Good times ! 
I'm very excited , got my books for school and classes start this monday !!! I can not wait . 
There is a time in life that no one can explain , but I walk alone as I face this challenge . Where is it that I am being led ?! Stop , decease in your actions and let it be . There is nothing to this any more ! The end has come and I face it will all my strength and here I bare it all . 
Well its the first day of school and its hott as fuck outside !! 
I showed my story to the teacher today that is teaching creative writing and he told me it was good and it really captivates and makes him want to know more , he also told me that something that we will be going over in class will really help it along even more . I'm so excited ! 
sometimes , i just want to copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they will notice .. 
So my auto teacher was fucken awesome he took a hour and four minute class of just talking and had a blast . I love this class this will be a lot of fun . 
So .... I think just a few moments ago is the most scared I have been in a long time . I have never gotten so angry at my brother . That I punched a hole in the wall . And that really scares me . 
so its my turn to be a whiny little bitch today , for some unknown fucken reason I am feeling so emotional . I feel like emotions are running in a million different directions and I don't know what to do with what I am feeling with emotions your heart sends out for someone when you have no idea where things will go ..... I am just so confused with everything right now . 
I would really like to know if < PROPMALE > dunham really does weed .... 
I can't remember the last time I have had such an amazing weekend with such a wonderful women ! And I was even blessed to meet her two wonderful kids . And tubing this weekend was the most entertaining thing I have been through in a long time ! LMFAO !!! < PROPFEMALE > , make sure not to go down backwards next time ! <3 
Sorry I had an emotional outburst because of some girl . Needless to say , i'm over it and all is well . Sorry to those that thought I might kill myself .... seriously ? Do you think I could do that ?!?!?! come now you people should know me better than that ! 
I fucken hate girls and their childish games ! Can I find a girl that just has their shit together and isn't afraid to take risks ? 
Soo .... talk about the worst night ever ! I go to pick up < PROPFIRST > and just on the corner of his work , I get into a car accident then hauled off to jail , where I have spent the last 14 hours . Now I am just waiting for more bad shit to happen . 
yay I has my car !!! All thanks to the great man < PROPFIRST > ! lol even though he may be the route of all evil . lol 
I have such a headache I can not stop stressing about shit . I pray to god that he will help me be strong as I face my trials ahead . And I know whatever happens it will be for the best in his eyes . 
SSSSSOO ddrujnkkkkkkkkk onnnnnnnng 
Well this sucks I come to find out I need an sr-22 on my issurance , blah blah blah !!!! This stuff if really a pain in the ass . 
I is bored and need help , lol 
So I have a twenty dollar joke for you and how men should keep their mouths shut ! lol 
a story of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
I got plates for my car and am now able to drive it again !!!!! YAY !!!!! 
Oh how life is so wonderful . I go to pick up < PROPFIRST > from work and get rear ended now my car is non-drivable . Now I have to go deal with court shit . Blah blah blah , if you people don't hear from me for a long time that means I have ended up in jail . That is all for now . Have a blessed and wonderful day . 
Oh how I hate the pain from a car accident , I went to the chiropractic today and he had me twist and turn , and most of it was painful . Please any of you that drive make sure if you get something in your eye to slow down and keep at least one eye on the road . 
Thank you to all that wished me a happy b day . I sucks because now I am sick with < PROPMALE > back pains . Hopefully things will get better . 
Here's\ 
to parents who aren't \inconvenienced\ " by their children . Who don't \ 
I like it in the water ! 
Your woman was here , don't leave your fb up with a status box just calling my name <3 I LOVEEE YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
Taking a road trip tonight , going to be gone for about 12 hours , VEGAS HERE WE COME !!! LMFAO !!! 
So as my girl and I went to vegas we decided to spend 30 minutes getting lost in cali to finally end up in vegas !! To bad I didn't come back with a wife . 
has been saidthat everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speakingand never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up likethey just spoke yesterday , reguardless of how long it has been or howfaraway they live , and don't hold grudges . They ... understand that ... life ... is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ! Repost this if you have atleast 1 of these friends .... /hugs 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the\ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one \ 
nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew\ 
up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer ... \ 
do .... for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns \ 
will repost this and not care about offending someone !!! 
Had a great day spending time with < PROPFEMALE>'s family . They are all such a great bunch of people . Its funny how I feel at home with them all . I love her family ! <3 
Please put this on your status if you are related to or know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . The other ... 7% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
m , jnkfjvkjnkjxf 
. I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THIS ON EVERY ONES WALL . I'd like everyone to say a prayerfor \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They arefighting it out in Afghanistan and they havelost 9 Marines in fourdays . Repost PLEASE . My prayers are going out to them . " 
Hi hunney <3 < PROPFEMALE > 
You know its sad I have this girl that I am madly in love with , yet as of lately I feel my heart tearing in a million pieces . \ 
I have/had these friends that were cool at one point in time now I almost wish I had nothing to do with them . \ 
I can't stand cold hearted people . past couple of days I have felt so dead inside I wish all this pain would be healed it is becoming so hard to bear . 
I tell ya got to love working at a job that has a problem paying you . 
So my brother comes over to me like 2 days ago and says now its your turn to get sick , I laugh and was like I dont ' think so I don't get sick . then what do I know I'm coughing and hacking up a lung . Now I get to go to the doctor so much fun . :( I hate having a chest cold . 
So I just got back from the doctor , and after I got back from x-ray , Ryssa was just chillin out and says \dady I hope you get a shot\ " I was like why would I need that and just seconds later a nurse walks in and I got a shot in my muscle she gave me a choice between my butt or my arm . I took it in the arm and it felt like a 380lbs dude hit me really hard . " 
So as I said I went to the docotor earlier , I got a shot in my arm and took two pills . I am no longer coughing but for some odd ball freakin reason I can not sleep and I can't stop sweating ...... I'm so confused . Its like my eyes feel heavy I just can sleep and my heart is racing SOOOOO fast this is weird . Blah blah blah 
Ok people i need < PROPFIRST > i got a new cell thanks to my loving wifey , so now give me your numbere ! 
32665 
Fbook 
< PROPFEMALE > chirstmas to one and all ! 
Soo .... I'm going to be a daddy . ( jumps up and down for joy ! ) 
So this is one hell of a way to bring in the new year ! i find out last night im going to be a father and then this morning i find out im getting 2300 back from my first settlement , and now its cold and raining my favorite weather . could life get any better . 
Made dinner for my babies and my brother , got to love hamburgers , salad and corn MmmMmmm good eatz ! 
Love is a fucked up thing I will tell you all that now lol 
I have a question for all those women who have been pregnant , if I was trying to be silly to make you laugh and smile , would you hit me and call me annoying and tell me to stop ? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along 
So I went down to arrons today to get me a TV set up to be delivered on Friday , I come to find out < PROPFIRST > has stiffed arrons , and in doing so screwed me over since my address was what he put down and he also put me down as a reference . It seems when it comes to < PROPFIRST > nothing but bad things come . What a great guy I tell ya . Oh and for those of you who didn't know , that's sarcasm . 
