thinks that < PROPFIRST > Lando is good looking shirtless 

thinks < PROPFIRST > Lando looks good shirtless 
wonders if walking around in a bikini top and jeans is considerd being shirtless 
wonders if wearing a bikini and jeans is considered being shirtless 
has decided to let God hold her hand and lead her in the right direction because she is feeling lost and lonely . 
wants to begin work on Fiddler but alas she must wait until August 
misses her boys 
has conflicting emotions 
is glad to be home 
thinks Obama reminds her of Kennedy 
is going to go see Public Enemies 
went to see Public Enemies and wishes < PROPFIRST > had gotten that big score and gone to Rio with his girl < PROPFIRST > . Long live < PROPFIRST > ny !!!! 
is excited about camp 
gets her license in a month !!!! 
drove back from < PROPMALE > today 
fits inside a dinosaur footprint 
is going to get up before the sun 
is getting ready for Date Night 
went roller skating and now has purple knees 
had fun at Date Night 
can't wait for marching band 
is praying for her friends as they travel to England for an amazing week . Have fun and be safe 
is mad because she just read some disturbing news 
is listening to one of her favorite songs , ' Tradition ' from Fiddler on the Roof 
is a little sideways 
saw the latest < PROPMALE > Potter movie and was very dissapointed in the ending . 
has a funny sunburn 
has learned how nasty it is to eat a Skittle and M&M at the same time . Conflicting tastes 
misses tech and skipping class to go see Cox 
says HELP !!! my grandma is on Facebook ! 
is home 
Two of the most amazing years of my life ... you never said we couldn't only that we shouldn't .... you listened to us ... and we listened to you ... together we brought magic and beauty to the world ... you will always be with us .... you made me feel important and special ... for all you did for us , I thank you from the bottom of my heart ... I love you Zed 
doesn't want to do yard work 
is going to sleep in tomorrow 
is going to chill later 
has an interesting song stuck in her head 
is enjoying her last day of summer , before the world starts spinning again and she has to run to keep up 
oy vey 
oy vey , what a day 
has quite a bit of homework 
can now legally drive herself to and from school without a parent with her 
is avoiding her homework 
dressed up like a camel and walked around the school 
had a great day that keeps getting even more wonderful . For starters , the sun came out today 
is excited about the game and going to one of her favorite places in the world , a football stadium 
listened to something good today 
is trying to do her physics review 
is going to look over her notes and then go to bed 
shouldn't drink coffee at ten o'clock at night 
has quite a lot going on but keeps reminding herself \I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength \"" 
long day . band early . school short . family gathering . homework now . tomorrow soon . sleep again . wake up . repeat . 
tried clamari yesterday 
does anyone have else have a parent who teaches elementary school in RISD ? 
is giving up . She has decided that there are things in life worth fighting , and right now , this is not one of them !!!!! 
shall walk along the road less traveled and pray for light to guide her 
thinks the rain should go away and be replaced with snow which you can at least make snowcones out of 
sees flashes of lightning , rolls of thunder 
is listening to Owl City 
is attempting to do her PreCal . Gotta get that C average 
is listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
should be sleeping 
thinks it's funny how Macey said that my knife would get me stopped at airport security . 
is freaked out bc her laptop is being wierd 
danced in the fly , which was quite entertaining 
had a really good day 
likes her new profile pic . it is < PROPFEMALE > true 
has the best job in the world 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Cash sing about migrant workers named < PROPFIRST > , Rosalita , Jesus y < PROPFIRST > 
is having to use the Spawn of Satan aka my mothers work issued computer to type stuff . Grr ... stupid piece of garbage .... wish I could throw it down the stairs 
is now listening to < PROPFIRST > the Cable Guy's Christmas CD and has been reminded just how stupid it is to be PC about things like Christmas 
listened to Fireflies while watching light bounce off a disco ball . It was very entertaining :-) 
has been looking at pictures and is reminded how long she has known the kids in her Sunday School class . We cannot be graduating from high school next year !!!! 
is gonna go see New < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! 
thinks chick flicks give a very unrealistic view of falling in love 
finally has a clean room 
is happy becasue everything is in order ( at least in her room ) 
was amazed at the number of people whowere at Walmart at 11 o'clock this evening . And it was funny how so many of them looked like college students :-) 
got up at five to join her friends at church to help out with the food . I have never seen so much stuffing in my whole life ! 
made queso this afternoon and it tastes pretty amazing 
dislikes Grapes of Wrath . It's a great book , but we are spending so much time on it in both my History and English class , that I am likeing it less and less with each passing hour 
thinks tonight was one of those nights that should be skipped altogether 
the dog twiches in his sleep and he keeps kicking me . Stupid dog 
is finally going to get some sleep after a very long day . 
thinks it's strange that every other time she turns on the radio she generally hears two songs that remind her of people she knows and loves . Anyone care to guess which songs and which people I think about ? 
is attempting to write her Grapes of Wrath paper and well it's not happening 
is thankful for friends who keep her rooted in reality 
so it's too late for you and your white horse to catch me now 
I wanna make you close your eyes 
is FINISHED !!!!! I have written my Grapes of Wrath paper . Finally !!! 1 
finally has a clean vehicle !!!! 
warm bathrobe and hot tea ... the way to make any day okay 
is happily listening to < PROPFIRST > Strait sing Christmas songs 
has now finished everything to do with Grape of Wrath . Finally after six long weeks of torture !!! It ends now !!! 
is listening to Mean Girls and help < PROPFEMALE > update her Facebook 
is with her friends and we are watching movies and eating pizza , well now the pizza is gone , so now there is just chocolate and cheese its 
is thankful for lazy days like today 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good morning 
just changed the oil in the truck 
thinks she is blessed with great friends and a very entertaining school , wishes she could take a really long nap , and feels good that she has mangaed to use all ten of her top ten words in one status . Yes !!!!! 
just saw a wonderful movie that made her laugh and cry . The Blind Side is AMAZING !!!! 
wants her nails painted black , the toy in the cracker < PROPFIRST > , and to ride the bull at the rodeo . She needs to feel the fire . 
sectionals were waayy too early this morning 
had fun tonight 
has briefly defeated her writers block . YEAH !!!! 
is praying for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Be safe ya'll 
a sign of the times : Today my brother and his friend were out riding bikes and somehow ended up on seperate ends of the block . Instead of riding closer to talk to his friend , my brother pulled out his phone and called him . 
was reminded today just how fragile life is . 
I'll be sunlight , you be < PROPFEMALE > , now all we need are those gods of fortune ... 
wishes her school days consisted only of band and tech ... with Physics every other day ... and history only when I feel like it ... maybe some Chem every couple of weeks ... just no English ... I can speak , write , and read very well thank you .. and no more math ... I can add , subtract , devide , and multiply ... nuff said 
Ligretto !!!!!!! HA I win 
is watching the big dog sleep . 
learned a lot from Brooklyn today , for example ... painting is fun ... drink your juice ... and most importantly , take the stairs one at a time 
When she was three years old on her daddy's knee , he said , \You can be anything you want to be !!!! \"" 
is going to go to the best store on earth !!!!! Home Depot ... you can do it ... we can help 
is going to bed . NOW !!! 
Your grace is enough , Your grace is enough , Your grace is enough for me .. gotta remember that bit ... it just happens to be true 
is gradually building up her repertoire of random skills which currently include : welding , beard making , texturing , age make up , skinning foam with muslin , using spray glue , using spray paint , sewing with a needle , sewing with a sewing machine , cleaning refrigerators , scarf making , prop fixing , and as of today I can now make very convincing bruises !!! Oh the things I've learned in high school 
writing is detox for the mind 
Let your light shine before men that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven . < PROPFIRST > 5:16 
just finished watching New < PROPFEMALE > with my little brother . He thought < PROPFEMALE > was hott and he wants to look like < PROPMALE > when he get older . I laughed 
Happy birthday Marshall !!!! I love you little brother 
needs to get a hobby ... I have been on Facebook more in the last three days then I have been on in the last three months ... this is bad ... really , really bad 
is getting packed for NYC !!!!!! 
has to be up in five hours ... to catch a plane at DFW ... the destination is worth getting up for 
wants to get back on a plane to NYC , though this time , with the people she missed ... so she won't miss them again 
can breath again !!!!!! 
is blessed by God 
is happy !!! 
Today , all the fifth graders in the state of Texas sat down to take a state mandated test a.k.a TAKS . Except for one local school . The whole school was evacuated because someone had sent the school an envelope full of white power . It turned out to be flour . Some kid really didn't < PROPFEMALE > to take the TAKS test today . < PROPFEMALE > 
today is the day 
They truely are , not my brothers , not my boyfriends , they are all my guys . Each and every one of them . 
went to see the Plano Spring Show . < PROPFEMALE > , m'dear , you were amazing !! 
is blessed by God in so many ways 
Dear Zed , tonight I realized how many lives you touched . You helped us grow as people and as actors , even tech kids . Love forever 
is praising God and being crazy while < PROPFIRST > Crowder preforms at AAC !!!!! 
nothing more beautiful then listening to a stadium full of people sing an acoustic version of Amazing Grace 
All it takes is faith and trust , oh and something I foregot : dust . Dust ? Yes , just a little bit of pixie dust . 
Here's where she meet < PROPMALE > Charming . But she won't discover that it's him till chapter three . 
Oh I wish I was a punk rocker with flowers in my hair !! 
thinks that the exit level taks should be 10th grade , not 11th grade . If I made it to my < PROPMALE > year of high school , you would think I could add and subtract 
God has blessed me beyond measure . I now have Grandma , < PROPFEMALE > and Gmom looking out for me and my fellow grandchildren . And < PROPFEMALE > is with all of us . 
never has to take tha stupid test ever again 
Life's a dance you learn as you go . Sometimes you lead and sometimes you follow . Don't worry about what you don't know . Life's a dance you learn as you go . 
now has a newfound respect for those who are paid to stage manage at venues that high school students preform at . 
At the end of the night , we all just want to go home and sleep 
A day may come when the courage of men fails , when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship , but it is not this day . 
Let it be . Let it be . Whisper words of wisdom . Let it be . 
Happy Mother's Day to Mom and Netta !! I love you both very very much 
You know you are a musician or a dancer when you hear a song on the radio and think 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 instead of listening to the words 
Love is aknowledging his faults and loving him in spite of them 
A friend loves at all times . In sun and rain , in good and bad , sick or not , they love you . They may not like you all the time , but they love you . 
loves her mom for all she does 
Field Trip time !! ranks right up there with nap time and snack time 
DL auditions are now over . Wish for fast results . When I know , I will post 
Anyone have an Avenue Q CD they would be willing to let me borrow . I want to put it on my iPod but not have to pay for it on iTunes 
made cymbals !! 
is making cupcakes and watching Toy Story with < PROPFIRST > . Good evening all in all 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill and a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like to ... wherever you are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you 
the four things that keep me alive , faith , family , friends and food 
I am now officially a senior . Seems a bit odd , seeing as I was a < PROPMALE > yesterday 
Garage Sale is upon us ... 
Cute guys make garage sale bearable 
We'll be best friends until forever ... 
finally gets to go swimming !!! School has been out for over a week and this is my first time to simply enjoy summer 
I <3 my VBS kids . 
Take my love , take my land , take me where I cannot stand . I don't care , I'm still free , you can't take the sky from me 
totally had the theme song to Firefly stuck in my head all day , alternating with Get Higher . Interesting blend , thinking about love and freedom 
Rain is a good thing 
drove more this week then I have in a long long time . 650 < PROPMALE > and counting !!!!! And I haven't crossed state lines or even seen the beach yet , however the latter will occur possibly within the next two days 
went to the beach !! 
We can make t-shirts that say \I slapped Ouisa Boudreaux \"" 
I love having dreams about places that make you feel like you belong 
I have immobilized my arm so that it would stop doing the weird twitchy thing but it is kinda hard to sleep w/o moving your elbow 
So , if you like this status , I will tell you what I like about you and what makes you special to me 
Greatest man in History , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him healer . He had no army , yet kings feared him . He won ... no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed ......... no .... crime , yet they ... crucified him .... He was buried in a tomb , yet he lives today . Repost if you believe this to be true .... 
So , this week , drank hot tea when it was 95 outside , watched the telly , wore gloves with cutoff fingertips and am now considering purchasing a shirt with a Union < PROPFIRST > plastered across my chest . A bit too much BBC I think 
tea + < PROPFEMALE > = happiness <3 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > and her giant bottle of unscented aloe < PROPFEMALE > . 
Latvia !!! 
is in Latvia , enjoying fellowship and friends . 
last day of camp . So many life changing things . Love to all , especially romania ! 
so I gather I am a few days off , but Happy Anniversary Mommy and Dad . I love you both ! 
sitting in the Finland airport ... again 
is finally home !!!! Dinner tonight with the family that is bound to include chocolate and lots of laughter and love 
Faith , hope and love , but the greatest of these is love 
And thus begins another adventure ... I do not enjoy getting up before the sun 
The right kind of loud ... we have arrived ... DL ' 10 
can it hurry up and be Friday please .... 
So , gonna join in and say schedule dreams for first semester are :\ 
1 . Drumline- Gibbons \ 
2 . AP Cal AB- Anthony\ 
3 . College Reading- Calderwood \ 
4 . Forensic Science- Schoenrock\ 
5 . Gov . - McKee\ 
6 . Tech- Cox\ 
7 . English 4- Kilgore 
life's a dance you learn as you go 
favorite part of band : sunrise 
one more year ... 
So , for the record , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is amazing !!!!!! Why can't they make movies like The Green Berets anymore ? 
So , everyone who is going off to school , have a safe fun year . Don't do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics 
praying for all my friends . Especially those who start kindergarten tomorrow . I pray their moms hug them before they leave , they find buddies on the bus , and no one cries because it is just the start of a grand new adventure 
thinks it's time for a weekend of fun with friends . 
Life's not about the destination , it's about the journey . Kinda like going to Disneyworld when you were a kid . You remember the car ride , not meeting < PROPFIRST > 
ever had those days where a bunch of little things go wrong but still the big things go off without a hitch . 
If all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players , then who fixes their costumes , builds the scenery and pushes go ? 
Because I knew you , I have been changed for good 
So let me say before we part \ 
So much of me \ 
Is made of what I learned from you \ 
You'll be with me \ 
Like a handprint on my heart \ 
And now whatever way our stories end \ 
I know you have re-written mine \ 
By being my friend ... 
I love Netta and my amazing parents !!!! 
God made other people special too ... aka , you are NOT the < PROPFEMALE > of your own movie 
I came , I saw , I built a really big wall 
HC ' 10 ... a night of new friends , old friends , and lots of laughs 
Our houses are protected by the Good Lord and a gun and you might meet ' em both if ya show up here not welcome son 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . I've been blessed with such amazing friends and family . Oh and BTW I'm 18 !!!!!!!!!! 
So I had a great birthday . And if you can guess what my two favorite parts of today were , you get a hug the next time I see you ( and the answer is not me turning 18 or legal ) 
Sunrise is God's way of making up for the fact you had to be up so early 
I saw God today in little things . A song , a man and a plant . All reminded me of God . Most of all the man . A Chilean miner , trapped underground for 10 weeks , fell to his knees and thanked God and hugged his wife . God is in everything 
At the Tech game ! < PROPFEMALE > excited about this weekend 
I'm being brainwashed 
I'm through accepting limits , cause someone says they're so . Some things I cannot change , but ' till I try I'll never know 
How do you measure , measure a year ? 
Burn the land and boil the sea , you can't take the sky from me 
Funny how listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > reminds me how old I am ... when was the last time anyone used a pay phone to call a girl named < PROPFEMALE > in Baton Rouge ?... or called < PROPFEMALE > from a phonebooth in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Today was full of my favorite things ... faith , family , and friends ... ooh ooh and glitter ... lots and lots of glitter 
nothing like a evening full of jazz and Wicked !!!! 
jazz music makes everything better 
A day filled with the three F's . Family , food , and football !!!!! 
Don't you hate when you have a song stuck in your head and if you sing it out loud , people look at you funny ... 
Can ya say Guns Up !!! Got my letter in the mail today ... I have been accepted to Texas Tech University !!!! 
change your FB profile pic to a cartoon from yourchildhood . the goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight AGAiNST CHiLD ABUSE by copying & pasting this as your status . 
Blue < PROPFIRST > baby , L.A. lady , she was a seamstress for the band . \ 
Pretty eyed , pirate smile , she'll marry a music man . 
So if you care to find me , look to the Western sky . As someone told me lately , everyone deserve a < PROPMALE > to fly 
So the Trans-Siberian Orchestra was AMAZING !!!!!!! 
And that's the true meaning of Christmas < PROPFIRST > Brown 
Fiction is a good word 
Retail therapy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
as each day passes , I am looking forward to college even more than before 
Today is a great day to curl up on the couch and write , while drinking gratuitous amounts of hot tea 
The welder ( Igor ) is like a horse or a really scary looking dog . It smells fear .. and frustration . 
When nothing goes right ... go LEFT !! 
Here's to an evening filled with Elphaba , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > 
Music allows you to close your eyes and travel far away without moving an inch 
La Vie Bohème !!!! 
Today I did the unthinkable ... I painted a wall yellow Ocher ... and I thought I was rid of it 
Hmm ... just cleared the snow off my dad's car using a leaf blower and enjoyed it . Cabin fever much ? 
I have finished signing up for housing next fall . I will not be like < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Today just might be the best day ever 
I am blessed with friends who love me even when I'm cranky . And who understand that sometimes \I love you\ " is all I need to hear " 
Are you gonna kiss me or not ? 
Today was one of those better than fiction days 
Because I knew you , I have been changed for good ... 
Cooking is a great way to relax , as is eating the food you made with people you love 
A sign of true friendship : when being apart changes nothing 
So , in addition to seeing not only the < PROPFEMALE>'s Thanksgiving Day Parade but also the St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Parade in New York , I now have another thing to add to my \Things to Do in New York\ " ... eat a corn beef sandwich at the < PROPFEMALE > Potato Famine memorial ... oh and bring friends to a < PROPFEMALE > little pub so we can push the tables together and sing \ " Le Vie Boheme\ " ( I call dibs on < PROPFEMALE > ) " 
So , I wanna go to New York 
Is it summer yet ? 
So the one nice thing about being sick was finishing all my English notes for the week . They look so pretty and colorful 
I think cookies are in order 
Today merits a hot cup of tea and a good book 
< PROPMALE > Mis makes me cry every time . \Tomorrow we will discover what our God in Heaven has in store ... \"" 
