All I wanted to see was the sea world trainer get killed on the internet but NOOOO ! apparently thats too much to ask for . 

WHY !! always such an idiot ! 
o no i hope the power doesnt go out because frosty got off today 
o i hope the power doesnt go out because frosty got off today 
my face book chat keeps disapearing 
Who the hell listens to 3 doors down ?! so gay 
hells yeah torrentz is the way to go 
Well 40's and 9's peace out 
go away valentines day !... why do you taunt me lol 
I hate that damn ROBOT UNICORN ATTACK game so damn addicting seriously go play in on adultswim.com 
6:40 in the A.M. i wouldnt have it any other way 
Come o summer do me a solid and make my luck better . HA yeah right 
so bored want to play drums but i let < PROPFIRST > borrow my snare and some of my cymbals ... oh well looks like its piano tonight 
\Replace my teeth with piano keys so the last thing you hear isn't a sad song ... its a note and a sharp\ " thats my sweet breakdown line in our new song . Sick right ? " 
need sleep but too tired ..... even worked out .... didnt work still awake ! 
haha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > deleted me ! and that is a good thing . Great success ! 
shit yeah windows crashed so stickin with ubuntu ! better than most 
going to get a couple new tatoos , possibly a sleeve . any suggestions ? 
when i get my new job ill be making about $800 or 587.348 EURO a week for anyone over there in europe lol 
damn i hate work pro i had to muster up some pee .... not an easy task after just going 
sick and am tired of it ... on an even more depressing note havnt slept more than 4 hours haha INZOMBIA ! 
Did anyone get the license plate number of that < PROPMALE > truck that hit me last night !... my head is still bumping lol 
workin on the jeep ... gettin ready to install the bumber chairs in the front ... and the forward thrusters ! 
Back to the garage ! have to pull the universal out of the passanger front ... bearing is just gone 
Well my raidiator blew on my jeep . :( .. so yeah i need a new one .. does anyone have a radiator that is 23\ wide by 21\ " tall ? i dont care what its off of just need one . " 
is thinking about writing a new song on either keyboard or messing around with drums ... just cant seem to get motivated ! 
Heard some truth today about facebook ... people wait around until someone talks to them , no matter how bad they want to talk to that person . i think facebook somehow makes you less social in overall life .. haha weird 
You cant yell at me with short hair !!! 
its my last short nsaturday at work so to celebrte i started drinkin at 1 and am going all night 
im thinkin about hangin out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for a bit lol 
havn't had movie night in a long time .... so tonight it is then 
sweeeeeeeeet corn dogs 
Practice is done .... and now i feel as if i should sit and watch HOUSE for the rest of the day 
Really ?...... do you need a spoon that big ?? 
“You have your way . I have my way . As for the right way , the correct way , and the only way , it does not exist . ” Friedrich Nietzsche quote 
jeez what a horrible night ti get drunk i have work tomorrow ... but it was with my boss hahaha oh well 
Hmmmmm yoga ... yeah im definetily doing that tomorrow 
Gettin time for some yoga and abs ! time to center myself 
Is thinking about tomorrow and whether or not running or biking is a good idea ... plus still have to < PROPFEMALE > the heavy bag ( not an option ) 
not good at these things .... uggg . Brain hurts 
Its nice to talk to old friends especially the ones that are still cool and not full of BS 
Thats it someones gonna die ! 
Tomorrow is a good day for some music ... hopefully finish the new song and complete a few build up riffs for the breakdown ! and go running and yoga 
is eating a nice juicy salad with < PROPFEMALE > dressing 
Is going monday to nevermore to start planning my sleeve ... booyah 
I stayed sober last night to just make sure things went smoothly ... and go smoothly they did not . Oh well cant stop douch bags from being douch bags . 
got my sleeve scheduled and i go thursday to get it started . 
Resistance bands ... feeling a little restrained . lol they should change the name to restrained bands . 
is in a full body exhaustion ... uuugggghhhh . time for a salad and then bed . wait screw the salad ! lol 
getting started on my tattoo . gonna be bad ass . 
I want to move to < PROPFEMALE > ... the currency for us is ridiculious and there all so short and cute . lmao 
Bas Rutten owned me again , and im still feeling it . Tomorrow , hopefully go running , work out , and some Thai boxing . :) 
Shhhhhh . dont tell on me im going to take a nap at work . lmao 
well i just woke up from a weird daze off/ nap kinda .... weird 
I wonder if the imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is any good ... I'll find out tomorrow i guess . 
I probably should have ripped his head off ... but someone in my family asked that i not do that . I'm considering giving up being the \nice guy \"." 
Its really humid today ! To bad i can't take my shirt off at work . :( 
Please let the next few weeks work out great ! That is all i ask . 
loves the history channel . so informative 
My back is completely screwed up ... pain killers and muscle relaxers are now my best friends ... we've been seperated too long anyway . 
really wishes < PROPMALE > would call back so that he could work on my tattoo !!!! 
tomorrow i go to get my tattoo worked on some more ... but for now relaxation . 
damnit i cant find my phone !... someone text it lol 
damn ... OVUAC's freakin suck . and to think i was the DD lol 
has court tomorrow then maybe jail for a little while .... maybe ... kinda hoping not though . 
I DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE !!!...... I DRINK IT UP ! 
First day on my new job ... not too bad . tomorrow 7 - 3 then all day to work out !... sweet 
wishes he could grow a wicked mustache :( 
wants to go out on the deck and enjoy the storm but sleeping pills are winning . 
thinks that Zero bars need to make a comeback ! 
“That which needs to be proved cannot be worth much” 
Time for me and the fourwheeler to get reacquainted with each other . 
second shift kills the whole day ... but atleast theres a night life ... yeah right lol 
I know it's easy to imagine , but it's easier to just do , see , if you can't do what you imagine , then what is imagination to you ?.... this line just stuck out to me and couldn't help but post it . 
BED TIME !!! lol yep fully exhausted 
Come on sleeping pills ! dont fail me now . 
just played metal for way toooooo long . but my vocals are almost all the way back ! thats right bronchitis !!!!! BEYAAAAAAAAAAAA ! 
\The only thing that calms me down 
well im back online after trying to sleep and i have to go to work a 16 hour day in about 2 hours .... insomnia is such a bitch 
guess i better work on the truck ... working on something that the law wont let you drive is very depressing . 
nothin like sitting on a bench in downtown cambridge at 3:30 in the morning lol 
Is thinking about getting drunk alone ... seems depressing lol 
yep just as i suspected it is depressing ... but i wont let that stop me ! lol 
if your going to be mysterious atleast say something 
Well im back to my project i shall post an image as soon as im done ... and yes i know that no one cares lol 
red bull + sleeping pills = a very tough battle ! 
just shaved my face to look like a dirty pirate ... ARRGGGGG ! 
Dont waste time on what might have been ( Fortune cookie ) 
wish whitechapel had medium neck logo shirts in stock ... harshing my night 
got some k-twizite and goin home to play borderlands 
droopy like a candle . good thing im standing on porceline 
steering wheel = hot potatoe ... a very scary game but fun 
needs a lot of pain ... as much as possible 
is off to do some community service 
call me captian shwasty !... my boat .. my rules 
\Every time i do it i do my thang \"" 
little bit a K2 little bit a Michelob Ultra , just another monday 
thanks everyone for all the bday wishes ... i felt the love 
\this stand followed by a march is held \\nwithin these strings\\nwithin these skins\\nwithin these cables \"" 
i have bushings for a 92 ' through 2000 ' sway bar that bolt to the frame in the rear ... not the linkage if anyone wants them ... i got the wrong ones 
you will be missed aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
I miss playing shows .... best feeling in the world 
Feels good to practice again . all week off and plenty to do but feel free to hit me up 
shaved my face and now i'm cold .... so cold ... no more mustache rides 
once an addict always an addict 
da da de da de de da da da da de de de da da da 
\full length back tattoo of the Koolaid man .... real fruit juice mother fuckers \"" 
just found a bunch of burnt cd's from like 5 years ago ... so stoked 
I don't understand why people say that its's hard to find a job ... I just got offered a third job . Two is good enough for me 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tucker 
Before i die i'm gonna fuck me a fish ! 
first day of fall ... time to bring the motha fuckin ruckus ! 
Did not know i could purchase metal from my work ... that makes fabricating easier , and cheaper 
you can keep looking up at the sky waiting for the clouds to part . me ... i'm going to keep my eyes straight on the path that is visible . 
\40\ " night is a fiasco ! - < PROPMALE > Harper " 
if you had a horse up your ass that night you would have killed it - < PROPMALE > Harper 
I just became an ordained minister of the first church of atheism today ... this could be one of the best days ever 
just one more beer then ill go to bed 
havin a few beers at the bar with some friends oh yeah 
met an old friend at the bar that has been killin people for white power i'v been iut the game for so long lol 
just to make sure im not a racist lol 
hot and nasty now haha 
wants back on the weekend crew so i can work work on my projects during the week ! 
i feel that it is time to go hunt right now ... and that is what i shall do right now , without any weapon haha 
I'm watching \Awakening of the Beast\ " from 1969 and it is crazy .. has anyone else seen it ? " 
had to throw down ... now its all good 
Aids Corn ! 
ok i tried to do a bone hand on the base but i dont like it so i need a new fresh idea ... something ohio related would be cool yet keep it O.G. any ideas ? 
2 days 6 hours of sleep and thats all i needed for my inspiration on my project now in less than 2 weeks it should be complete ... its taken me too fuckin long ... just want to surprise the reciever lol 
seisha wani naliveh 
Trick ass < PROPFIRST > ass trick 
YEAH !!! i just passed my driving test ... 16 all over again 
Serial killers take all the good names . 
Ha been doin it since doin it has been gettin done . 
Walking dead is on at 10 Ahhhh yeah gettin prepared 
pre-gamin it with the series \Dead Set \"" 
weird i didnt realize that i had a loaded 12 guage beside my bed ... well the loaded part lol 
recording tonight beotches 
almost done with someone's x-mas present ... AKA \black ohio\ " lol " 
and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > .... I killed < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > with an axe to the face ! 
one of two friends who do this are here drinkin and stayin up all night even though he has to work .... a real friend 
think im going to order my focus rite today ... goodbye money .... hello firewire 
Bondo is so magical 
Is playin pong and metal who's down ? 
got vinyl and padding hello completion 
pong slash metal slash punk whos down ? 
spumoni ! how many times do i have to say spumoni ! 
is sick and tired of vomiting ! 
If you have an SUV please don't drive like you have a truck ! and if you have a car don't drive like you have either !... thank you 
It is clear that the authors of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > both read the Greek translation of < PROPMALE > 7:14 and consequently thought that Jesus should be born of a virgin . However , the Hebrew text uses the word “alma” which simply means “young woman” . It does not imply virginity in any way . This is why < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > don’t seem to be aware of Mary’s virginity , and do not sync up with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on that point . 
cubase 5 is up my firewire is up and running now all i need is an instrument ... but where o where would i find one of them ... o wait im surrounded by them haha 
need to go over to the studio and shut off the lights and cut the heat down but the snow and wind tell me otherwise . :) 
haha just got deleted ... sweet 
hate that i have massive feet makes heel toe double bass almost impossible unless i buy extreme longboards ! shit !!! 
has been diggin on some D.R.U.G.S 
The goal is to go play drums , finish designing the logo for bonestar , and finish the vinyl upholstery befor the walking dead comes on .... ooooooo nooooo 
I'm going to need a resolution for the new year just not a cliche one . Im open for ideas . 
someone dropped a witch's tit and people were huddled around it for warmth 
moo cow moo cow moo cow moo c-cow moo cow horse cow pig cow sheep cow moo cow moo cow moo 
well i guess i better go and try to sleep 
i would like to take this time to apologise to all my instruments ... i will not see you for 4 days and i hope you can forgive me 
insomnia at this damn DUI camp cause they took my sleeping pills from me ... if anyone is up feel free to text me or hit me up here 
well im on hour 42 without any sleep and still goin strong ... and they still wont give me my fuckin pills !! 
on coffee cup #10 and lovin it 
My studio monitors are in and they made a mistake and sent me double yet only charged me for one set ! haha 
for me to poop on ! 
much respect for Spawn of posession added to the list of amazing 
well i am officially out of AA ! yeah ! 
Mmmmmm coffee 
nothin like coffee at 3:00 in the morning :) 
I'm so metal they mix my blood with titanium to make the strongest metal in the world ! 
did anyone realize how gross christmas songs are ? 
I would wait for fate but it's conveniently late . 
Act swiftly awesome pachyderm 
got a pay raise and next week ill make $23 an hour ... ahhh yeah 
Your about as real as those teeth you wear . 
nothing is better than having intelligent conversations . :) Keeps me thinking . 
27 more hours until I get my tattoo worked on :) <------ this is my happy face 
well atleast i got some tattoo work done today and recorded percussion for a friend after that . It ouched a little 
\Jackerbating materials\ " - < PROPMALE > Hrinko " 
salt trucks need to get the fuck on the road 
Wish's iI could get my phone to upload these photos of my arm but my phone is being gay .... Its about to get some wall time . 
Really hope that bitch doesn't send me to jail ... do not pass go do not collect $200 
I will pay someone to bring me food to work right now . 
I should probably finish writing that piano part .... but on the other hand I could diddle myself . decisions decisions 
How do you make the prettiest girl at the party the ugliest ?....... Puke on her . 
ughh im out of beer ... well in 7 months ill be able to just go pick some up . 
Now all we need to make is a Bonestar Brew . 
I wish I could grow a beard ... Damn you puberty ! 
Yeah this isn't \ok\ " anymore . " 
Yeah I know they make a pill for these feelings and I think it's finally time I made an appointment with my doc 
this show is not helping the situation . 
I made a gender confused coffee 
my mom makes the most bomb ass cookies hands down . 
The motha fuckin WB !!... I like chicken . 
In this moment i am truly happy , indescribable but not unwelcome . :) 
in pittyburgh to see whats up 
I don't think I should be drinking and bidding on ebay ... considering i've already spent over $150 and I just placed another $180 bid for something else ha ! 
well now what the hell do I do ... Maybe < PROPFIRST > has some ideas . 
Forced in hiding to blend with the masses . Not a complaint , just glad I'm not a sheep . 
should wear a tuxedo everywhere . 
just broke my thumb ... yeah bitch 
Got all my scheduling done except one . I deserve to go out 
check out the sweet shit we're doing at Vital signz 
