Sittin at home with a sinus infection , feelin like crap but makin the most of it . Surfing the net with my nephew < PROPFEMALE > . 

Chillin , about to watch a movie , such a gloomy day . 
sittin at work , kinda bored . 
Sometimes we put walls up not to keep people out but to see who cares enough to climb over them . 
Off work the next three nights , no plans just going to spend quality time with my better half . I love him so much and no matter what we do I enjoy all the time spend with him :) 
Taking a nap .. it's back to work tonight after 3 nights off , that first one back is always ruff !! 
I only need 3500 more coins to go PRO in FARKLE .. Please keep sending me coins guys , I appreciate it . Have a great Sunday everybody :) 
Off work tonight , not going to do anything , just lay around , chill , and surf the net . Hit me up if you wanna chat . 
Back to work tonight after three nights off . 
At work , doing paperwork , just me and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > back here in the office . I know , It's not right , but it's OK . 
Just enjoying my last day off , it's back to work tomorrow night . Going to finish painting the garage here in a little bit . Thinking of having a few cold ones afterwhile . 
ATTENTION ALL MY FARMVILLE FRIENDS !!!!! Thank you all for the gifts you have been sending , just a simple request ... would you please send me horses , date trees and banana trees for now , working on something . Also if you have something specific you would like me to send you just let me know ... thank you all again for sending me gifts , and for being my friend :) 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and nobody should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please consider posting this as your status . Thanks ! 
OMG ! 2Hrs left at work and I have a bad headache . I've hardly ever had headaches but I've had several in the past month or so ... what's up with that shit , lol . OUCH !!!!!!!!!! 
Friends are those people who know the words to the song in your heart , and sing it tback o you when you have forgetten the words :) Thanks Jim ... got the idea from you . < PROPFIRST > 
Gotta get ready for work , the older I get the less I like this third shift stuff . Oh well .. it's a job and paycheck and there's so many that don't have that right now so I try not complain much . 
Off work for the next three night , the mood I'm in I may just find me a hole to climb in and just let the world pass right on by me for 3 day . 
I've been in pain for 2days now , it's getting really bad .. feels like someone has hit me in the lower back with a 2X4 HARD . Might go on to the ER when I get off work , this is getting unbearable . 
Sittin home tonight takin it easy . Not hurting as bad , got the night off . I'm on my Farm in Farmville and need some black hay bales if your a Farmville neighbor . lmao 
Good Tuesday morning all my Facebook people -- hope it's a great day for you all . 
Just sittin around enjoying my night off . Spending time with my Mitchie is always nice , we probably going to watch the second movie of the Lord of the Rings , we watched the first one sunday night , one of my favorite movies , with my favorite person . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Bangable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Loving 22 : Smart 23 : Lovable 24 : Loyal 25 : Trust worthy 26 : Fake 27 : Spiritual .... Tell the truth ! 
Whatever 
To all my Farmville friend .. I want < PROPFEMALE > trees if you can send them , thanks in advance . 
was going to put a stautus on here that really summed me up , but .... i'm so all over the grid right now I can't think of one , oh well ... gimme nother beer 
damn .. where'd I sit my beer down at ?? 
Hello Farmville friends !!! If you guys don't mind could you send me < PROPFEMALE > TREES ... if you need some specific let me know and I'll send it to you ... I need alot of < PROPFEMALE > TREES so send all you want , lol . ISLAND PARADISE friends please send me BAMBOO TREES , I'm going to get rid of every tree on there and have nothing but BAMBOO TREES ... thanks in advance to you all . Hope everyone is having a wonderful day :) 
H H H H H H H H Gregg ...... anyone else agree that commercial is soooo annoying and it seems they play it over and over . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! Hope you get everything you want today . 
Ever bottle something up inside of you simply for the sake of avoiding an argument ? Well usally that turns out not to be a good idea .... because it's gonna come back out and when it does it's gonna have more anger with it . 
Hello All My Facebook Friends . If your a friend of mine on farmville I need < PROPFEMALE > TREES and on Island Paradise I need SUGAR CANE ..... need a whole lot of both so just keep sending if you would . If you want something specific just let me know . I need about 100 or more < PROPFEMALE > TREES and eventually I want to have nothing but SUGAR CANE on my island . Thanks alot guy , I appreciate you ALL . 
Sittin at work feelin like crap . My body aches , my heads all stuffy and I can not get warm , been cold all night . I will be so glad when 7am gets here so I can get back under my eletric blanket , hopefully I'll feel better later on today , if not I don't see me coming in tonight . 
Still feelin rough . I have a fever and my skin actually hurts when my clothes touch it . I put my hoodie on and I get hot , I take it off and I get cold . I hate being sick , then again I don't know of anyone that likes it . I called in tonight , so I actually got a saturday night off , but feel to bad to do anything but lay here and play around on the net . 
I LOVE MY MOM !!!!!! For all of you that aren't to proud to sayThank You to your Mom's for helping you to be the great person you are today ... Please copy and paste this on your profile !!!. Please copy and I expect to see this many times on my profile 
Hey FARMVILLE friends , I still need 39 valentines to reach 150 and get an efifel tower . PLease help me , not sure what I'll do with the eifel tower but I want one , lol . Thanks in advance . 
Hello FARMVILLEneighbors . I need just 10 more valentines to get the Eeifel Tower ... please help if you can . I would greatly appreciate it :) 
I need just 7 more Valentines to get the Eeifel tower ... please help me if you can . Thanks in advance :) 
Just need 4 < PROPFIRST>'s now . Thanks < PROPFIRST > W . < PROPFIRST > M . < PROPFIRST > Spieker-Papenheim ... and all my famrvile friends :) 
Good Morning all you wonderful FaceBook people . I'm just getting off work and heading home , while I sleep today please send me GOLD , lots and lots of GOLD , in Famrville , course if you want to send me some real gold hit me up in my inbox and I'll give ya my home address , lol . Have a great weekend everyone .... I'll be working as usual . 
Hello FARMVILLE neighbors , I am all out of requests for today but as soon as I can I will start sending gold items again . Please send me any gold items as well , and does ANYONE know what is going to be for trade after the Leprechaun Gnome , that's the last thing it's showing , it's only 30 pieces of gold and I now have 140something and it's not showing me what's next , lol 
OK I can't hold my eyes open any longer , must pull myself away from Facebook and get some sleep , usually clocking in at this time but have to work dayshift the next 2days , to old to have my sleeping pattern all messed up , lol Good night All .. Farmville neighbors keep sending gold , I'll do the same .. Thanks !! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > this morning . \\" What you doing ?? \"\" I love this woman ... but am I the only person that thought she was a drag < PROPFEMALE > first time I saw her on tv ? Such a big woman . " 
http://www.snopes.com/computer/internet/fbcharge.asp 
I have either lost my mind or Farmville is acting up , lol . I know I just accepted pieces for my house AND gold items , about 8 or 10 of each . Went to use them and my gold was nowhere to be found ..... never gonna get another catle that way . 
I still need 3 sltes 2 windows 5 bricks 6 boards and 5 vines so please help me out , I like the house and would like to have one :) I'll return the favor , I can only sned the paned windows and the aged bricks though . 
I still need 2slates 1panedwindow 3vines and 5 each of the boards and bricks !! PLease Help if you can , I'll return the favor , I can only send paned windows and bricks :) 
Things just haven't been the same around here since that house fell on my sister . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ....... now let's go have some green beer , who's with me ?? 
Back to work tonight after 4 nights off , that first night back is rough . Been up since 9am and probably won't be getting a nap in today . What a beautiful day outside .. hope you all get out and enjoy it . 
Anyone know when Clash of The Titans is coming out , I want to take < PROPFIRST > to the movies on my next day off . We liked the 1981 version of this movie , this new one is gonna be awesome :) 
two things to remember : DON'T make decisions when you're angry and DON'T make promises when you're happy 
Good Morning Facebook peeps . Not feelin well today at all , kidnies not filtering to well , sending toxins back into my bloodstream , got some < PROPMALE > kidney pain with it as well ... all part of having a kidney disease I guess . Been up for 27hrs , can hardly hold my head up but the pain keeps me awake .... ' bout to take a phengren ..... hope that does the trick . Talk with you all later . Muuuahhhhh 
Good Morning Facebook Friends . Just a little thought I had , was just looking through my friends list this morning and I have come to a conclusion ...... Yall a Damn Nice Looking Group of People :) Just thought you might want to hear that this morning , or well ,, ahhh read that this morning . Have a great day you good looking people you !! 
Thank You once again to my friend < PROPFEMALE > , I now have a windmill , I just saw one last night , just last night , and already have one , I have such wonderful friends . I know it's just a game but I'm such a addict , it's my herion , lol 
I went to a bookstore and asked the salesperson , ' Where's the self-help section ? ' He said if she told me , it would defeat the purpose . 
My doctor told me if the voices in my head didn't get along so well I could get a check from the goverment every month and quit my job . I been trying to start a fight in there for two weeks , and ideas . lol 
I miss < PROPFIRST > very much , he's in OK , left wednesday , will be back sunday night but it already seems like he's been gone for months . In almost 12yrs together we have never been this far part :( Oh well , I'll heal I'm sure , I just miss him and felt like sharing , Sunday won't get here none to soon . 
Minds like a vcr on fast forward .... where the hells the pause button , aghhhhh !!! 
Not sure about a lot of things right now , I'm more confused than ever and I feel lost , hurt , confused , depressed . Feels like there's something I've done wrong but I don't know what it is . I don't know who I am anymore and life suddenly seems more complicated . Thought I had thing's figured out ......... 
If that fetus your trying so hard to save were gay would you still fight for it's rights ?? 
OK People just so you don't hink I'm a complete ass or anything wanted to say that my chat thingy is meesed up , lol . Soon as I click on it to reply to a IM it closes . Not being stuck up just having issuses with the messenger :) You could always email me I guess , lol 
Thanks to each and every one of you for the birthday wishes . I had a very good night , didn't get to drunk , lol ... that way i remembered everything I did :) Thanks again everyone ... it's nice to know that that many people thought of me on my birthday . 
what an interesting day it has been ... hummm May 25th ... i'll have to remember that one . 
Boring gloomy day , back to work tonight so a good nap is in store for this evening . Wet and nasty out , but not near as hot as it has been lately . 
Just gettin to work .. 3rd shift tonight , off at 7am and back at 3pm to work second ... then 3rd again sunday night , I won't know which end is up by monday morning , lol 
BLAH !! 
< PROPFIRST > i miss ur face !!! ~ heather 
What a morning .. I lost about $450 cash yesterday along with bilfold , debit card , drivers lisence etc . etc ., the usual stuff , no idea how I'm gonna pay bills today ( guess I won't ) Just got into work , used to going home and going to bed at this time , so i'm lost and feel like shit . Someone give me a silver lining this morning .................. 
At work , tired and aggravated ... gonna be a long night . 
I have seen on alot of friends < PROPFEMALE > s that thier relationship status is ' in a relationship ' and they have a link to thier other halfs < PROPFEMALE > , how do I do that ???????????? 
I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , yesterday , today , tommorow and forever , can't imagine going through this life without you . 
Just gettin to work , working the second shift tonight . Hoping for a good night :) 
If I got poked as many times in life as I did on facebook would that me a ho ? lol . 
This world is full of ignorant assholes disguised as functioning human beings . 
I LOVE MY SISTER WEEK : If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise from God that we will have a friend forever 
Where did Farmville go , I can't get there , there's no shortcuts , no links , nothing ??? What's going on ? 
WOW ... wish it would get just a little warmer outside , it's just not quite hot enough , lol . Monday was the first day of summer so I guess we got a lot left to go huh ? Still though , I think I can handle the heat easier than I can handle the cold ... the older I get the more I hate the cold .... seems like it takes longer to thaw out once I get cold ... must be that I'm gettiin older , lol . 
Got a little story to share with you about being unhapp , since I can't type the whole thing in the status I'll type the story in a comment . 
Some of the hardest times I have ever laughed have been at myself . Guess that's not a bad thing though . On my way to work , been off for 6 nights , first night backs always a killer ........ 
Been up since about 7am friday morning with a couple hours of sleep , and that wasn't even all together . My eyes are so freakin ' heavy but I still don't think I can sleep , feels like my mind is a vcr on fast-forward . Oh well , gonna go try it again I guess ...................... 
FORECAST FOR TODAY ..... the HIGH \did that damn bird just fall out of the sky .. well done ? \ " the LOW tonight \ " are you sure the < PROPFEMALE > isn't giving off heat ? '' So now ya know .... " 
Just getting to work , having dizzy spells , not sure what's going on , my world is spinning . Brought my nephew to work with me so if I fall out least there will be someone here to dial 9eleven . 
I want to expand my farm in Farmville but this time you have to have 173 neighbors to do so , don't have the option to just pay for it , so I need about 23 more neighbors to expand . If you play please send me a neighbor request .. please :) 
just gettin off work , what a night . on my 6th cold beer , mmmhhhhhh 
WARNING !!! I am way to drunk to be on Facebook right now . Just want to apologize in advance and please ask that you please disregard all comments or posts that i may make in the next 5-6 hours or until i pass out ... 
is out of order today . 
OMG The craziest thing just happend . My imaginary friend was just sittin ther minding his own business and out of nowhere comes this crazy drunk leprachaun , jump my imaginary friends ass and was just out about to do some real damage when my pet unicorn came in and took that crazy fool out . FYI my imaginary friend is ok , I think he'll make it . What a night this is starting out to be . 
Just getting to work , 16hrs tonight .. here till 7am , sheewww hope it flys by . 
At work ...... 7hrs down and 9 more to go .... I believe I may just pull this off . On my third cup of java already though , shits gonna stop working for me way before morning , lol I started drinking it way to early .... 
At work , busier than a one armed paper hanger . Will I ever get caught up ? Maybe I should get off Facebook huh , lol 
gettin ready to leave for work , 3hrs of sleep today , staying awake all night is gonna be a biatch , lol . prolly drink a whole pot or more of java tonight ............. 
Sooo sleepy yet I just toss and turn . Slept 3hrs last night , been up since 6am and have to work 11-7 tonight . What is wrong with me ? The last few weeks have been hell on my sleeping ... wonder if a dayshift job would help any , I think 95% of my trouble is the fact I work third shift , used not to be a problem , course I used to be alot younger too . 
Been up for 25hrs , getting ready to clock out , go home and crash for ( hopefully ) 12 hours . I'm so sleepy and tired I could go to sleep right .... zzzzzzzzzzz 
Got my coffee , got my cigarettes , got my computer , took my Prozac , it's going to be a great day ! 
What a night it's been , I have dropped or broke everything I have touched tonight . Remind me not to go to the restroom for awhile :) 
Sometimes silence it the loudest noise ... 
Don't know about you guys but Facebook is running crazy on my end . Signing out for the night , may try again later but it's doubtful . 
Just sittin here waiting on the mountains to turn blue :) 
My back is still hurting , sittin here with a heating pad on it right now :( Have agreat humpday all my facebook friends . 
There is more money being spent on breast implants and Viagra today than on Alzheimer's research . This means that by 2040 , there should be a large elderly population with perky boobs and huge erections and absolutely no recollection of what to do with either of them . 
Finally got my new cell from AT&T today , just sittin here at work trying to fiqure it out and see what all it can do :) 
Don't worry guys , I can see friday from here ... it's all down hill from this point on :) 
Currently busy looking for a hole big enough to crawl my big ass into , planning on staying there till things get better .... someone send me a sign when it does and I'll come out . 
I just got choked on my own spit-could not get air in or out there for a few seconds almost went into panic mode . Wth .. glad I wasn't in public . Am i gettin old ? 
Stuck here at work and need something from the store .... who gonna run to the store for me ?? 
Feeling kind of ' torn ' . 
Went to Ham Days today , against my better judgment ... had a good time though and ran into alot of people I hadn't seen in awhile , so all's well .... except my poor ole bald head ...... it hurts to even smile . Should of worn sunscreen but nooooo did I , lol 
Ignorance truely is bliss , and love blind . 
off work for two nights , finally gonna get to spend some quality time with the love of my life , 12yrs and he can still give me butterflies sometimes . I love you baby :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I couldn't agree on a movie so he's in the bedroom watchin Never Been Kissed & I'm in the livingroom watchin Police Acadamy lol 
I'll rise but I refuse , flat out refuse to shine and you can't make me . Third shift , some nights I love it .... other nights I hate it . 
My body must be low on vitamin D .. i can't seem to get enough cold milk in me tonight , lol 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single \ 
one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I\ 
wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also \ 
family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy \ 
& paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who \ 
really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being \ 
part of my life . 
Off to work before long , seventh night in a row , just one more to go before a weekend off :) 
Gettin ready for work , I feel like the morning after but I didn't do anything the night b4 . Aghhh I need a young priest & an old priest , a banana & some duct tape 
Somewhere right now an EMS member is getting yelled at for taking too \ 
long to get on scene , holding their bladder for hours because of \ 
back-to-back 911 calls , hungry because of missed meals , being puked on , \ 
bled on , spat on , swung at , cussed out & missing their \ 
families ..... all in the moment ... it took you to read this . EMS members \ 
... all over the world are saving lives . Repost if you appreciate one ! 
One out of every 10 people are born gay . That means 1 of every 10 people \ 
are instantly put down , given bad labels , shunned , put in a minority , \ 
and so much else ... all for something they didn't ask for . Too many gay \ 
teenagers commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Many won't but let's see the 5% who will ... 
Forecast for today calling for a high of 90 . That has got to be a record .... right ? 
To young to feel this old and to old to act this young . 
Watching Family Guy , then got to get ready for work , such is life . 
Just finished eating at GoldStar Buffett with my mom , sister and nephews . I am so full , want to go home , get warm and go to bed but have to work tonight . 
How odd is this , I just checked in the guy that was born just a few minutes after me in the same hospitol . His wife's name ..... < PROPFIRST > , same as mine , and his first name is George ..... my lover's first name . 
There are moments in life where you wish you could bring someone down from \ 
Heaven and spend the day with them just one more time . I know I have \ 
someone I would love to do that with .. If you have someone copy and paste\ 
this to your status to remember all who are not here . 
I want Taio < PROPFIRST>'s Break Your Heart ringtone , can't seem to find it . Anyone got it ?? Could ya send it to me or tell me where to get it ? 
Just got out of the ER was having chest pains this morning and dizziness . My magnesium was really low , explains why I am just sooooo weak I guess . Dr. put me off tonight , gotta talk to my primary care physician tommorow .... or as soon as I can , he's a busy busy man . 
At work , feeling awful .. haven't took my coat off all night , can not get warm .. yet I'm sweating like crazy , my poor ole bald head is soaking wet . Have no energy at all .. not sure if this is related to the trip I had to take to the ER Sunday or not but my guess is ' yes\ " , 2010-10-27 09:04:15 " 
Sick and tired of being tired and sick , where oh where has all my energy gone ........ 
Still not feelin 100% Back to the Dr. tomm . For more bloodwork , I have got to get my mag . Level back up , I am so tired of being to completly worn out :( 
Watchin Sordid Lives , seen it a few times already but it's so funny :) 
Heading to work in a little bit !! Sit here at m status thinking and that was the best thing I could come up with , lol Not a very interesting life sometimes , lol 
Clocking out !!! Three days off :) Gonna spend some quality time with that man I love . 
I hugged my mother earlier , just realized my arm smells just like her perfume . I smell like a woman , and i don't mind at all . Love you mom :) 
Clocking out in 12 minutes , I'm tired , sleepy , and my back is killin me , I'm so ready to lay down , I'm just a grumpy ole bear this morning . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , bitchy , what you weigh , gay , straight or if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . They love you for who you are . I'm so thankful for the true friends in my life who ... have been there through the good AND the bad . I hope that you know thata true friend will be there when it counts . If you agree repost . 
I AM GAY !!!! 
Is it just me ( I'm sure it's not ) but is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just adorable or what :) 
Dear Mitchell , \ 
I just want to touch you and feel your skin on mine , I want you to hold me , tell me how much you love me and everything is going to be okay . That is the only thing that would make me happy right now . 
At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S ... wall !! Even if its only for an hour . " 
I know people are just being ' nice ' but If i get called sir or Mr. Pittman one more time by someone who is probably older than me I'm just gonna lose it , right here at the front desk . Mr. Pittman was my father .... my names < PROPFIRST > :) 
Gonna weather the wind and rain and venture outside to have a cig . Since when could we not just fire it up at our desk ? Being a smoker sometimes makes you feel like a second class citizen . 
\Who's the man Who's the woman ? \ " -- you just don't get this gay thing do ya ? " 
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
Thinking a few cold beers sounds good this evening ;) 
Is wondering , if you saw me in the back of a police car wearing handcuffs , what would you think I'd been arrested for ? ( Answers below ) 
Sometimes I forget that I in fact DO NOT have ' gay ' wrote on my forehead . I just assume everyone knows which can make for some akward moments at times , lol 
Had an entire 3hrs of sleep since yesterday morning at 6am , just getting to work tonight to pull 12hrs . Gonna be draggin some serious ass by morning , lol . Holler if your bored , keep me awake :) 
harvey : did you hear that ? \ 
me : what\ 
harvey : i heard something buzzing\ 
me : prolly that < PROPFEMALE > stuck between your ears trying to find it's way out\ 
harvey :( after considerable pause ) YouBitch !! 
Gonna do a little housekeeping on the friends list , if I have never talked to you since we became friends you'll probably be deleted , just gettin way to many on the lsit that I never hear from , if I delete you by accident send me a request back if you notice , if you don't notice ..... then I guess that speaks preety loudly huh ? lol 
I don't have to go back to work till next year !!! go me go me , lol 
You got to be careful these days there sure are alot of complete idiots out there disguised as functioning adults , and it's really hard to tell the difference till it's to late . 
been in bed all day with an excruating toothache , got up for about an hour , can't take it anymore , gooing back to bed , maybe tomorrow will be better :( 
Having another of my bouts with insomnia , had to work last night and slept a total of 3hrs today and have to work tonight . < PROPFIRST > and I are staying at the Hampton tonight , wasn't sure what the weather was going to do so I wasn't sure if I'd be able to make it in at 11pm , or home in the morning at 7am . Tried to take a nap but it just wasn't gonna happen . 
Playing Rummy with my nephews , then gettinready for my first night back to work after three days off :) 
Do the movies imitate life or does life imitate the movies ? I believe it's a thin line sometimes , a very very thin line . 
Sittin here at the hospitol waiting for the OR techs to come get mom , she's havin her shoulder operated on today . She's sound asleep right now . 
Gettin the boys up & ready for school then off to the hosp . to pick mom up this morning . To whoever kidnapped the sun this morning : give it back already . 
Saw a guy the other day with a tshirt that read ' silly faggits dicks are for chicks ' the dude looked gayer than me . 
No School in < PROPFIRST > County today . Guess that'll make some happy , others maybe not so happy , lol 
Time to sign out , turn the phone off and cuddle with my handsome man on the couch , goodnight everyone sleep well . 
Grocery shoppin with mom , her first day out since her shoulder surjury , a week today . 
Not feelin to well today , haven't sleep much at all , have to work tonight , yuck just plain yuck . 
\' well hellfire and save the matches 
Am i losing my mind ? Just pumped gas , went in and paid , got in the passenger seat of the car .......... I'm by myself . 
at work , first night of a nine night stretch , gonna be so tired by next friday and saturday I won't be able to do what I took the weekend off for to begin with , lol 
At AutoSmartin the process of buying a car :) 
This isn't good , I am alone at work and feelin like I am going to hit the floor , not sure if it's my blood pressure or what but right now I'm just sittin here not getting anything done . I sure hope this passes soon but right now the lobby is spinning ..... 
I am up way to earlyfor a day off , what to do what to do ? 
Does anyone know if the little internet cafe is stilll open , the one that was directlly across from Tryangles in Louisville ? Think it was called Rainbow Cafe . 
At the theater with < PROPFIRST > , my sister , and my goood friend < PROPMALE > watching ' Unknown ' a good ending to a good day :) 
At work , working second shift today and tomorrow , haven't worked this shift in almost 2yrs , think it's been about that long , oh well , same stuff just different hours I guess , lol . It's a beautiful day though and I DID NOT want to come in , would much rather be cleaning on my new car :) 
Burlesque was a good movie , I thought it was going to be all dancing and singing , which there was , but there was also a good storyline , and there's my 2cents , lol 
I might not be someone's first choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past ... but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am ... or watch me as I walk away . Post this if you're proud of being you !! 
Wish List : gps or on-star , tinted windows , nice sound system Reality : car payment , new tires , this months car insurance ... being responsible sucks < PROPMALE > a@@ .... just sayin 
< PROPFIRST > ( and a couple other factors ) have got me seriously considering moving to Tulsa OK . 
Slid in to work one minute late , already signed my name wrong twice , yep ... gonna be one of those nights . 
