Thank u for all the Birthday Wishes ! I love and miss all of you ! 

HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you as . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . DON'T FORGET TO RATE ME 
I am FURIOUS with the immaturity and dishonesty that is simply complicating my life . At some point we all most grow up and begin putting into our life what we would like to receive from it . I hate to shatter anyone's fantasy , but the good stuff doesn't happen on it's own . So quit stalling and grow up already !!!!!! 
My mind is like a bad neighborhood ... I really shouldn't go there alone ! 
So if you go on a blind date and then talk to your mother about it and she calls you a cougar .... 
There is a dime a dozen , Then there is one in a million , But to me , he's once in a lifetime ;-) 
i now know I'm getting old . i was watching some porn lastnight an thought to myself wow that's a nice bed 
is being prepped for surgery . i’m having the magnet removed from my forehead .. ya know , the one that attracts the crazy , needy , obsessive & emotionally crippled 
me love him , though him dirt , me not know him was a flirt , oh gosh oh gee , me love he , but he loves she and shes not me . darn him , hate him , wish him die , all him does is make me cry , but love is love , it always was , ill get him back , i always does . 
Does anyone have or know of an American or English Bulldog I can borrow on May 4th to be filmed in a commercial ?? You or the owner are more than welcome to attend the filming , which will be in Shelbyville , KY . Help me make someone's pooch famous !!! Contact me via FB or bonedry@bellsouth.net or 866-526-6337 for more infomration 
As I sit here contemplating my past , all the time I've lost , and the broken heart along the way , I realize I would never have had the < PROPMALE > to meet the man I have now come to < PROPFEMALE > . Without him I would be lost and I thank God for him because he has truly saved me from myself . 
Want to personally thank SCDC for the fabulous accommodations . As always , it was a pleasure ! And < PROPFIRST > ... you can cancel any future reservations ! lol 
It's gonna take a long time to love , It's gonna take a lot to hold on , It's gonna be a long way to happy , Left in the pieces that you broke me into , Torn apart but now I've got to Keep on rolling like a stone , Cause it's gonna be a long long way to happy ~ Pink 
Waiting to pee in a cup ..... Love my iPhone 
Happiness is the by-product of unselfish living . 
It's SOBER NITE at < PROPFEMALE>'s! Going to play Wii . Yippy ! 
I love my daughter ! Even at 6 she notices things like panty lines and feels the need to tell me about them in public . Lmao 
I have the most wonderfully complicated man ever created . 
Sometimes you may see me smiling to myself , don't be alarmed , it just means my mind may have strayed to the gutter again . 
Why give up everything for one thing when you can give up one thing and have everything ? 
With every < PROPFEMALE > that's turned the story of my life provides me with moments that I will < PROPFEMALE > always . Although my life in no way , shape or form resembles a < PROPFEMALE > Tale , I wouldn't trade who I am , where I'm at , or anything that I have for a lifetime in < PROPFEMALE>'s shoes . 
People have a habit of inventing fictions they will believe wholeheartedly in order to ignore the truth they cannot accept . 
says it's never to late to be who you were meant to be ! 
Have you even sat and thought about all the moments that make up your past ? The good and the bad ? How did I get to where I am and why did I chose the road I took ? In my life now each new day brings me more happiness than the day before . 
So as I lay here about to close my eyes only to awake at sunrise I know that the moment I wake i will have even more joy and peace than I do right now . To the children I < PROPFEMALE > , the man I adore and the family that never gave up , words could never convey how truly grateful i am to have you in my life . I love you ! Goodnight 
has found something she wasn't looking for and definitely didn't expect ! 
want to put a sign up in my office that says \This is not Burger < PROPMALE > . You DO NOT get to have it your way ! \"" 
God , I want to thank you for creating bed bugs ! Without them my life wouldn't be what it is today .... 
me+the worldest most incredible man+vacation = total bliss ! Thursday cannot get here soon enough ... 
We are officially on flippin vacation ! Y'all behave while we're gone . Lord knows I won't ... 
It is not the scars that you can see on a woman that makes her who she is . It is the pain she keeps inside that defines the greatness she will achieve . 
Good Morning FB ! Today you have been granted 86,400 seconds . Use them wisley because you will never get them back ! 
Question ... If your man moves his big screen in does that mean he's moved in ? Clarify please FB . 
has found someone worth the hard work .... someone worth taking a < PROPMALE > on .... someone worth giving my heart to .... 
thinks that if we fill our lives with regrets of yesterday and the concerns for tomorrow , we will miss out on the wonders that the present has to offer ! 
Ladies , for those of you that have been cheated on , did you ever consider that maybe you were getting exactly what you deserved ? Having pure intentions makes all the difference in the world ! 
I'm sorry he cheated on you .... There was obviously something missing or you just weren't the one . With me there's nothing missing and < PROPFEMALE > , I am the one . 
When 2 people love each other they do not use their pasts to manipulate and belittle each other . They should be grateful for their pasts because that is what made them what they are today . 
My past does not define who I am . It only adds to who I'm going to become . 
tired of being an afterthought .... 
Well , it's official .... His name is on the lease and he's movin in . Words can't describe how amazing my life is today and how grateful I am that he's apart of it ! 
Why is it easier to say that you are angry than to just admit that you are hurt ? 
God brings men into deep waters not to drown them , but to cleanse them . If it feels like you're drowning it might be God reworking your future . 
would appreciate if all the little girls would be so kind and remove yourselves from my sandbox before I remove you by the roots of your hair ! 
is realizing that life is like swimming . All I can do is keep my head up and pray to God I don't drown . 
says I love him because he has shown me that where hope grows , miracles < PROPFEMALE > ! 
You have got to be kidding me !!! 
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears , not to oust them . 
says being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
When life veers from the course you had planned out , re-evaluate your priorities and maybe you'll find that what you have is better than what you had planned . 
4 kids , 5 adults and 1 flashlight .... Time for Ghosts in the Graveyard ! Love having a yard big enough for us to play ! 
It's God's job to judge terrorists . It's our job to make sure the meeting takes place . :-) 
How do you know which battles to fight and which battles to surrender in ? I can play this out in my head and don't see it ending well for me . So do I , concede , pray for the best , and plan for the worst or fight ? 
I like it on the banister ! 
In the closet 
I like it on the stairs 
Deleting men off my friends list costs me some time but leaving them on so they know that compared to my man they don't stand a < PROPMALE > ... Priceless ! 
Dear Lord , please put your arm around my shoulders and your hand over my mouth . 
You can't believe everything you think ... 
I'm awake and wondering what today feels like throwing at me . How do you tell the universe when you've had enough ? 
Why is it that the one that makes you cry is the only one that can make you feel better ? 
Just an FYI .... Skinny jeans are a privilege not a right ! 
All 3 lanes r open on 64 ! Yippy 
It shouldn't be this hard .... 
I didn't understand a year ago that when I changed everything , everything would change . I am so grateful for what I have today , especially for what I do not have . :-) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! What an amazing day this has been ... Found my wedding dress today ! I cannot wait to call this man my husband ! 
At Maliah's very first Rehearsal for her very first Musical , Hansel & Gretel at < PROPFIRST > County Community Theatre . This brings back some wonderful memories . I am so excited for her ! 
