new pic's to come soon 

HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
woohoo its 1/1/11 we have 31 days and 11 more years till 2/2/22 ! 
Getting excited for St. < PROPFIRST > this weekend !!!!!!! 
Happy Easter Everyone !!!!!! 
Waiting for the launch ...... Hope it doesn't get scrubbed 2 minutes beforehand I hate when that happens !!!! 
Gorgeous launch this morning !!!! Watched from my pts yard in Cocoa !!!! Off to fill up my car ....... if anyones up is mobile off clearlake or hess off fiske cheaper ? 
Oh well went to mobile turned out to be same price ! 
Looking forward to some sleep ! 
Back @ work ....... can't wait for my next day off !!! 
Dancing with the stars !!!!! Yeah Baby !!!! I can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Goslin fall on her face her 10 minutes of fame was over last year she needs to go home !!!!! 
My \Smartphone\ " is being effing STUPID !!!!!! URGHH !!!!! " 
Just left Metro they have supposidly \fixed\ " the issues with my phone ...... we shall see .... " 
It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere ! 
My patient just set his thermostat to 88 degrees .... lord help me I am in for a long night of sweating ....... and no I cant turn it down hes up every half hour checking ........ 
My hubbie just spilled the beans about my suprise .......... he's getting me my dream sectional with < PROPMALE > and ottoman !!!!!!!!! So super excited its being delivered friday !!!!!!!!! I have the bestest hubbie in the whole world !!!!!! 
Having a girlz night dancing n gettin my drink on !!!!!!! 
Hello everyone !!! Hope you are all having a great day like me !!! 
God bless little < PROPFEMALE > and the wonderful people who searched and prayed for her safe return !!! So thankful she was found alive and safe !!! 
does anyone have a samsung calibur ? i currently have a samsung code but it hates me i have had 3 replacements and it reset a # of times and still it hates me ...... so if you know anything about the calibur let me know bc i might switch to it ..... 
Watching Deadliest Catch , next I will watch Justified !!!! Still can't wait for next season of Sons of Anarchy !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is super excited for my Parent - Teacher conference tomorrow morning with Juniors PreK Teacher !!! Hopefully he is doing as well as we think he is either way we are super proud of all his accomplishments so far !!!!! My baby can read and write his name the alphabet and can count to 100 ! He is so smart and yesterday he said , \wow mommy you are so beautiful ! \ " He is sooo sweet !! " 
So my patient just informed me that noone should watch tv at this hour and said to shut it off ........ now I am left with my phone and a crossword puzzle book for 5 more hours ......... wtf ??? Hes reletivly new but hasnt had a problem with it before ???? UUURRRGGGHHHH !!!!!!! 
Shift almost over ...... I can't wait to get home !!!! 
Hurray I got my new phone !!!! 
I am totally digging my new phone ... Ithink it will be a few days before I master the touchscreen though ... lol hope everyone has an awesome Monday !!!! 
So stinking cute ... while I was at work my hubbie took a nap and < PROPMALE > decided to make 3 PB&J sandwiches and guess what he used to do it ... his fingers !!! LMAO !!! 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > finally got voted off ..... funny it doesn't feel as good as I thoight it would ... I really feel bad for her now .... 
Had the most amazing day with my hubbie and children yeaterday !!!! Looking forward to another great evening I am making a cheesecake tonight !!! mmmmmmm and we are going to watch Avatar ! 
Had a good tome at the vietnam veterans memorial today now at work .... 
Taking the boys swimming today hanging out at home today then work later ... beautiful day today ! 
is praying for < PROPMALE > Micheals and his family hoping he pulls through .... 
Rain rain go away ........ boo I hate driving in the rain ! Much rather be curled up with a good book : ) 
So I just heard on the radio that a mother was having an argguement with her spouse and tgrew a knife ...... it hit her one year old baby ... what is wrong with people ??? There should be a screening for people who want to have kids so wackos STOP HURTING CHILDREN !!! 
Going swimming and I am going to start doing my hip hop abs again with my tv best friend Mr. < PROPFIRST > T !!!! Super excited !!!! 
feels like a zombie ....... soooo ready to go home and sleep !!! 
So looking forward to my day off tomorrow !!! Afew errands to run and then I am having some good quality time with my hubbie and kids i think we will do some arts and crarts !!! 
Had a wonderful and busy day off ! Now back to work .... looking forward to one day winning the lottery !!!! Better buy some tickets !!!! 
Today is the 3 year anniversary of my Mama's passing .... I miss you Mama love ya !!! 
Bought a lotto ticket wish me luck !!! 
Had an awesome day ! Went to my Dad's had some bbq and swimtime ! Found out that < PROPMALE > has no fear of jumping in the pool ! LOL we were encouraging him to as he watched big brother and Aunts and Uncle jump too : ) 
Ok all my chica's having a girls night this friday night going to the port most likely fish lips for some drinking and dancing love to see you there !!!! Text me for more info 321-549-1479 
Today was an awesome day hubbie and I < PROPMALE > some more pics and unpacked three more boxes i think we have one left and we are officially unpacked !!!! Can't wait till i get to sleep in !!! 
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/36981179/ns/local_news-san_francisco_bay_area_ca/ 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MY FB MAMA'S!!!!!! 
http://m.facebook.com/notes/bubba-the-love-sponger-show/police-man-keeps-girlfriends-son-in-dog-crate/419420611933?rd493557e&refid 
http://m.facebook.com/notes/bubba-the-love-sponger-show/disabled-girl-found-chained-to-a-bed/419840236933?r899a06d1&refid=7 
Going out with my chica < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! So super stoked !!!! Alcohol and poorly coordinated white girl dance moves here I come !!!!!! 
at fish lips with < PROPFEMALE > and her sister < PROPFEMALE > having a kick ass time !!!!!!! 
Having a really awesome weekend so far !!! This upcoming week is going to be super hectic I picked up a temp patent so my week will be booked solid ........ next week will be sleep !!!!! 
not looking forward to today ....... from yesterday thru today i will work 32 hours ... never again will i fall sucker to my employer !!!!! i will learn to say no to too many shifts no matter how much they beg !!!! 
well as upset as i was about taking this extra shift i can honestly say i feel blessed these people this patient is so wonderful 
feels very blessed to have our car running again !!! Thank you again < PROPFEMALE > for your help on Monday you are a lifesaver !!! Also want to say congradulations to my oldest son as he graduates preschool today !!!! Will upload pics of ceremony later this evening !!!! 
So proud of my hubbie !!!! Not only did he have my laundry done for me a wonderful mexican cassarole he made for dinner but he is also taking his CJ-BAT this Wed which I know he will pass with flying colors !!!!! I Love You Baby !!!! SO EXCITED !!!!! 
Super super super EXCITED !!!!! 2 more days till Hubbie takes his CJ-BAT !!!!! 
Wishing my Hubbie the best of luck on his test tomorrow morning !!!! You got this in the bag baby !!! 
HUBBIE JUST LEFT TO TAKE HIS CJ-BAT !!!! SO SUPER EXCITED !!!! 
OMG !!!! HE IS TAKING THE TEST EVERYONE PLZ SAY AN EXTRA PRAYER THAT HE NAILS IT !!!! I AM THE PROUDEST WIFE IN THE WHOLE WORLD !!!! CAN'T WAIT TILL HE GETS HOME !!!! 
IS THE PROUDEST WIFE IN THE WORLD MY HUBBIE NAILED HIS CJ-BAT TODAY !!!! WAY TO GO BABY !!!! 
Have had a great couple of days ! < PROPMALE > is no longer scared of the ocean ..... good and bad ... lol ..... Junior went fishing for the first time with his Daddy and caught a puffer fish hubbie caught a couple of cat fish ..... they had a blast : ) Had pizza night with some family and set up fb 4 hubbie now relax ! 
Having a great day with the family so far : ) went fishing now were going to watch avatar for the 400th time bc thats what parents do for their little ones ..... lol at least we like the movie too this time : ) lol 
Had a wonderful weekend : ) Looking forward to the week ahead maybe we will do some more fishing with the boy's!! 
Today is national quit facebook day ....... 
Happy Memorial Day everyone ! 
Having an amazing day ! Lucky in Love ! 
urrrgh ....... i feel a cold starting ....... and its my only day off ..... im taking a nice hot shower as soon as i get home !!! 
Sublime makes everything better : ) 
going to dinner with the girls , then downtown melbourne bars !!!! 
Had a wonderful time at < PROPFEMALE>'s party today the kids are LOVING their goodie bags !!! Now at work for the night looking forward to a day of relaxation tomorrow !!! Twilight and New < PROPFEMALE > on the big screen !!! 
enjoying my movies on my big screen !!! 
Just watched ' The Hard Times Of RJ Berger on MTV ...... By far one of the most hilarious effing shows EVER !!! 
I think I am dying ..... urgh I don't wanna go to work today .... somebody SHOOT ME !!! 
Despite the fact that I feel like I'm going to die today turned out to be a REALLY good day ..... hubbie made a very yummy dinner the boys were super sweet and hubbie was very loving today BIG SMILES ALL AROUND !!! 
stopping off to get gas on my way home ....... i hate having to drive from cocoa back to melb in the mornings ...... it seems longer to drive home then it does to work ...... why is that ??? 
Piss Off < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
is looking forward to some much needed hubbie time these next couple of days !!! Super Dooper EXCITED !!! 
hanging out with my best < PROPMALE > rach and hubbie playing dominoes and getting SMASHED !!! 
love my bed !!! sleep beautiful sleep nere i come !!! 
watching one of my all time favorite movies !!!! < PROPMALE > Gump !!!! Run < PROPMALE > Run !!!! 
my head feels like its going to expload ..... I effing wish it would then at least the pain would be gone !!! 
omg it gets me everytime ..... I am such a cry baby ...... when < PROPMALE > talks to jennys grave I lose it ...... why am I so emotional ...... 
just got done watching when in rome and the book of < PROPMALE > with hubby both were excellent movies and i got a killer back rub sooo lucky and loved !!!! ready for bed !!!! gnite fb 
did alot of reorganizing today our place looks awesome !!!! dinner in the oven baked chicken mashed potatoes n veggies .... smells yummy !!! n our < PROPFEMALE > sink is clogged n the matience man is hurt ... poor hubbie is fixing it ... 
having a wonderful relaxing day ! < PROPMALE > napping hubbie n jr went swimming caught up on laundry and now its mommies nap time !!! 
is seriously having A BAD CRAVING for grimaldis chocolate covered potatoe chips right now !!! the worst part is i have a box at home but I am stuck at work !!!! geeze i must be fat !!! lol i can here them calling for me !!! 
Happy Father's Day to my Dad , my Hubby , My Dad in law < PROPFIRST > , and my Grandpa !!! Thank you all for all you do and holding special parts of my heart !!! Happy Dad's day to all the daddy's out there !!! 
loves that our sound sound has a usb port so all my downloaded tunes on my phone is turned into my cleaning house playlist !!! dishes washing vacuumed n dusted all before 11 !!! i rock today !!! 
back at work .... looking forward to my bed when i get home ..... and my super awesome contour pillow !!! gotta love nasa technology !!! 
WOOHOO !!! Another lovely day super excited get off work in one hour , have a relaxing day , then back to work tonight , but hey hey hey ...... NEXT TWO DAYS OFF !!! YIPEE !!! I can't remember the last time I had 2days off in a row where I wasn't sick !!!! 
made a cake , making dinner , then its off to take a shower and back to work !!! off next two days !!! woot woot its gonna be busy and fun !!! 
hurray i can finally upload pics again !!! for some reason when i send them from my phone it wasnt working so now i have to send them via email .... weird but it works !!! 
is super excited to get home and relax !!! maybe some movies today ? we shall see ..... woohoo for sunday !!! 
geeze i did it again listening to the country radio on my way home the song ' the call ' by < PROPMALE > kennon came on and I cried if u havent heard it u will cry too when u do .... great song ... 
is wondering why I haven't won the effing lottery yet ..... I'm a good person .... I'm nice ..... I do buy tickets occationally ...... I would help others ..... uuurrrggghhhh .... so not fair !!! 
is at work .... bored .... someone entertain me please !!! 
back at work going to do some online gaming !!! boy do i love my phone !!! its a everything i need to busy talk n play toy !!! 
uurrgghhhh im sooo tired ..... n i have to go by the store on my way home then i can go to bed ...... uuurrrggghhh !!!! 
americas got talent rocks my socks !!! best show since dwts !!! 
Wishing my hubbie the happiest birthday in the world today !!!! I LOVE YOU !!! 
Had an amazing day yesterday celebrating my hubbies bday !!!! I am so lucky God has blessed me with such an incredibly handsome and loving man !!! Life is good !!! Muah !!! 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYONE !!! 
celebrating the fourth then off to work ..... boo ..... but yay for double time !!! 
yay !!! my pts neiborhood put on a couple of their own firework displays !!!! so at least i was able to see a couple of fireworks !!!! woohoo !!! i hope everyone is being safe !!! 
5 years ago today God sent me a angel , my son !!! Happy Birthday baby !!! Mommy loves you !!! He is growing up to fast .... but I am so blessed he has a heart of gold !!! 
son of a bleep bleep bleep bleep censored bleep bllep bleep i locked my bleep keys in my bleeping car !!!!!!!!! 
oh thank u thank u thank u < PROPFEMALE > for bringing my hubby to the rescue and thank u hunny for being mr fix it !!!!! yay my car is one anti theft proof car luckily my hubby is the MAN !!!! 
missing my bed .... looking forward to sleep ..... oh wonderful sleep !!! 
it is an absolute gorgeous night out the sky is breathtaking !!! 
at home getting ready for sleep !!! gnite ! 
Three double shifts coming up ..... hurray ..... Jr had a wonderful birthday this year so that makes me happy now its < PROPMALE>'s turn in September yay !!! 
is looking forward to another amazing dinner cooked by my wonderful hubby !!!! U r the best baby !!! 
I can now save the day ! On legal speed the American way !!! HIP HIP HURRAY FOR COFFEE !!!! 
is FED UP !!!! with excuses !!!!! if i have a one more colleague give me one more bs excuse for why they are late again im going to go WACKO !!! I am soooo mad at this one lady who later when I came to relieve her still had an additude like its my fault she's NEVER on time !!!! 
hurray for thur !!!! 
Had an amazing couple days off well I did work one 4 hour shift , anyways Hubbie and I watched movies , spent some time with family and friends and played with the kids = ) Dear John ... made me cry ..... overall I am so blessed to be who I am and all that I have ... I feel like I won the lottery in love and friendship !!! 
Hurray for thur !!!! 
Last night with this patient ..... plz everyone pray that I get another patient soon ...... 
does anyone know of any places hiring in brevard ? preferably the melbourne area ???? 
awaiting my relief .... off to get a sunday paper n then home sweet home here i come !!! i hope my hubby has the coffee pot ready for me = ) ~ 
my five yr old just informed me to please be quiet because im giving him a headache !!! sheesh !!! 
On our way to the beach for some nighttime fun .... the weather is perfect the < PROPFEMALE > is gorgeous and we have sparklers for the kiddies !!!! How can life possibly ever get better than this ? 
I HAVE A NEW FULL TIME PATIENT !!! HURRAY FOR MEEE !!!!! 
off today work tomorrow off the weekend !!! cant remember the last time i had a weekend off !!! 
Had a wonderful day with the family !!! Last day with one of my patients ...... tear .... due to schedule conflicts ..... but overall had a good day = ) looking forward to sleeping in since i have to work sun now ..... boo !!! hurray for money though !!! 
Had another amazing day with my hubby and the kiddies !!! Not looking forward to waking up at 5:30 am tomorrow for work !!! Coffee be prepared bc I NEED U !!! 
Absolutely LOVE my newest patient !!! I am so blessed to have a career where I can improve the lives of so many people !!! I couldn't ask for anything else !!! MY HUBBY IS THE BEST !!! and I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY BABIES !!! 
OMG Hurry the eff up Mr. Coffee !!!!! 
Another wonderful day !!! Hopefully I can go to bed early another long day tomorrow ! I can't believe my son will be starting Kindergarten next week ....... man I AM OLD !!!!!! 
Another day another dollar .... hurry up coffee !!! 
mmmm coffee !!! looking forward to a wonderful day ! Hope all my fb buddies have an awesome day like me !!! How did I get so lucky ? 
Waahhhooooooo !!!!!!!! 
hubby getting ready to watch ufc ..... im in bed trying to sleep with the kiddies in my room .... lol and ziggy .... hopefully i can sleep over our surround sound !!!!! I think coffee is in my future !!! 
three more days until o can sleep in ...... i have bags under my eyes the size of baseballs ...... coffee here i come !!! 
Loads of paperwork I have to play catch up ..... fun ....... 
Tomorrow is < PROPMALE>'s first day of Kindergarten ...... tear ..... I am going to go thru a whole box of tissues !!!! 
back at work waking up with some help from my dear friend mr. coffee and going over all the new nurse notes .... yesterday was wonderful but exhausting !!! jrs first day was awesome ! new brakes on car , more school shopping , grocerys , car pymt , ins , walk in park .... phew !!! it was great though < PROPFEMALE > much accomplished ! 
did our first kindergarten family project !!! pizza , movie , good quality time !!! looking forward to tomorrow !!! 
back to work .... its gonna be a looonnngg two weeks before i get another weekend off !!! 
had an amazing two days off !!! it went by too fast so not looking forward to 5am tomorrow my boyfriend mr coffee better be ready !!! lol 
overslept all three alarms !!! still made it on time !!! mr coffee here i come !!! 
had my knee go out while i was going down stairs this morning .... thankfully my arms were working lol ..... mr coffee here i come !!! 
Getting ready for the end of shift routine 
goodnight fb ..... my dog is in big trouble she just pooped and peed in our bathroom right after my hubby took her outside !!! UURRGGHH !!!! 
doing the usual ..... working .... mr coffee .... slowly waking up ..... lol next day off thur ..... nextday after that .... thur 
What the eff !!!!! Stupid sears.com wont let me find the part I need for my patients dryer !!!! 
Hubby made amazing chicken tacos !!!! Yummoo !!! How did I get so lucky ??? He also did laundry !!! I HEART YOU BABY !!!! 
Another wonderful day ! Life is good = ) ~ 
IS SOOO SUPER IN LOVE WITH MY HUBBY < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > PECK !!!!! I LOVE YOU BABY !!!! 
Getting ready for bed ... work tomorrow alarm set for 5am ... mr. coffee better be ready !!! lol 
enjoying a night off with my hubby and the boys ! life is good = ) 
Getting ready for UFC fights !!!! Good quality time with my hubbie !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Couture better woop some butt !!!!! 
WOOOHOO < PROPFIRST > !!!! Show those boxers this no joke !!!!! 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > = ) Hurry up thursday !!!! So excited to see and meet family !!! 
I feel blah ..... maybe I will have some coffee ...... I have been trying to cut back ..... lol not working very well !!! 
Hurray < PROPFEMALE > and her friend < PROPFEMALE > made it safely short day of work tomorrow then < PROPFEMALE > and her family arrive and sat < PROPFEMALE > arrives its gonna be crazy busy but I am super excited !!! 
My back is KILLING me !!! Can't wait for hubby to get back from the beach so I can recieve my nightly ' cracking'!!! 
Hurray for hubby !!! I feel way better !!! 
Back at work COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE !!! Then its off to lasagna making I have 10 pounds of fresh < PROPFEMALE > tomatoes !!!! SUPER EXCITED TO COOK FOR FAMILY AND FRIENDS !!!!! I heart cooking = ) ~ 
I am so tired ...... haveing an awesome visit with family but i wish i didnt have to work sooo much ..... 
I could seriously just cry right now ..... my patient asked me to leave the room so she could talk with family ...... Its not a big condo so I heard alot and all she did was keep talking abput how wonderful I am !!! 
Its a wonderful life = ) 
Allergies !!!!! UURRGGHH !!!!! 
Leave one memory\ 
that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little\ 
or a lot , anything you remember ! Even if we met just last week . Don't\ 
send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your\ 
notes and see how many people leave a memory about you . 
is wishing my youngest son a VERY HAPPY 2ND BIRTHDAY TODAY !!!! I LOVE YOU BABY BOY !!!!!! 
Having a good day = ^0 ~ 
Cant wait to go home and see my babies !!!!! All four of them !!!! 
Having an awesome day at work !!! I am so blessed to have such wonderful patients !!! Can't wat for some S.O.A. tonight !!!!! 
S.O.A. was awesome super excited for next week !!!!! Off to bed g'nite! 
Another beautiful day in paradise ! Off tomorrow its gonna ba busy ! 
What a beautiful day ! Coffee in hand , Sunday coupons and a relaxing day at work = ) Can't wait to see my kids and hubbie = ) 
Good Monday morning to all = ) I have a headache and feel sleep deprived .... my back hurts and I need my coffee to hurry up !!!! This day better go by fast !!!!! 
Hurray for tomorrow off !!! 
mmmm grape vodka with whip cream !!!! 
Got alot accomplished today = ) Work tomorrow ... then the weekend off !!! Wahoo !!! More quality time with my family !!! Super excited !!! Hubby and I and our two awesome boys and Ziggy our super dog .... da < PROPFIRST > duh duun !!!! lol 
My two year old is sooo adorable we had our ice cream desserts on the water tonight and we saw some cat fish ..... he has now been saying ' bye bye feeesh ' for ten minutes on our way home in the car ! sooo cute !!! 
My phone just informed me that on this day in 1964 The < PROPMALE > Commision concludes that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Oswald acted alone in killing President < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy . 
DWTS !!! 
Back at work looking forward to thursday !!! my only day off till next thursday !!! 
Wahoo I'm a Tropical Storm baby !!!! 
My 5 year old just told me that we have a pretty rainbow color sunset today that we have a rainbow ice cream earth ! lol too cute !!! 
DAY OFF !!!! WAHOO !!!!! 
I NEED TO BE DRUNK RIGHT NOW !!! 
going to bed gnite everyone ! 
Yay its a gorgeous day !!!! Nice and cool outside !!! 
Having lunch at The Black Tulip with my patient and her friends . Gorgeous day outside too ! 
Gorgeous day again !!! Shorter day at work today !!! Looking forward to some time with hubby and the kiddies !!! 
Taking my patient to see Sweeny < PROPMALE > at the playhouse today ..... should be a bloody good time ! Then its off to my Grandpas bday party ! Then home to my hubby n kiddies !!! Should be a good day !!! 
another gorgeous day ! florida rocks my socks !!! 
This is cancer\ 
month in memory of every cancer pt , family member & friend who has\ 
lost their battle w/cancer & in honor of those who continue to\ 
conquer ! Put this up if u love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't\ 
copy & paste , I was proud to , will u ! 
I like it on the kitchen counter !!! 
Finally caught up on all my paperwork !!! Phew !!! The only downside to a job in nursing !!! 
Another beautiful day in Florida ! Looking forward to another awesome day at work = ) 
Time for bed .... just saw < PROPMALE > of Persia !!! Wicked awesome flick !!! Looking forward to a wonderful day tomorrow ! 
Looking forward to a wonderful evening with my hubby n kiddies = ) 
My 5yr old keeps putting a toy grenade that ' ticks and then makes explosion sounds ' into my hubbys back pocket ... everytime it makes the explosion sound he says , \Haha Daddy I just blew up your butt !!! \ " LMAO ! Boys are sooo much fun ! " 
Gorgeous weather out today !!! Can't wait to get off work and see my hubby n kiddo's then off for a night of fun with family and friends = ) ~ 
I am not a nice person when I wake up ! 
S.O.A. BABY !!!! 
Looking forward to an awesome day soa 90min special next tuesday !!!!! hurry up !!!! 
Tomorrow off !!! 
You never know what the future may bring just thank God for the blessings hes given you ! 
Had a very long weekend ! Took the boys to a fall festival , had a movie night , and football sunday get together ! Good day at work then a relaxing dinner with my hunny and our boys = ) Good night ! I'm exhausted !!! 
feels extreamly blessed to have such a wonderful family , I especially want to thank my hubby < PROPMALE > , and my mom < PROPFEMALE > for helping me through my recent stress and struggles without u both I wouldn't have made it through !!! Love u both ! 
had an awesome time tonight at the trunker treating event ! = ) thanks dad for inviting us = ) tomorrow will be long i work 8am to 11pm coffee here i come !!! 
I <3 my comfy sweats heres to feeling better tomorrow .... just took a super hot shower .... my head feels a little better work tomorrow then trick or treating with my family .... super excited mentally .... physically no < PROPFEMALE > much .... i HATE being sick !!!!! 
Happy Halloween everyone ! = ) ~ Getting ready to take my pt to another funeral ..... kinda creepy going to a funeral on halloween ..... 
ahhh ... finally relaxing = ) Halloween was a success ! The boys have enpugh < PROPFEMALE > to last a year ! I think they have at least 5LBS !!! Still sick ..... booooo !!! = ( ~ 
another late night .... but well worth it had fun with the boys and some good quality time with hubbie ! caught up on nurse notes too = ) S.O.A. tomorrow and hopefully I will get to bed early on Wed !!! gnite !!! 
omg ..... s.o.a. !!!! cant wait for next tuesday !!! they better save < PROPFEMALE > and get < PROPMALE > back !!! best show ever !!!! 
Beautiful day today ! Launch scrubbed ..... again ..... hopefully they get the leak fixed soon = ) Supposed to have the weekend off but now I am working the entire day sunday !!! Oh well At least I have work = ) 
It is starting to feel like winter ! Hurray !!! Too bad im stuck indoors for the day = ( 
is pulling a 32 hour shift ..... and feels good about it ! = ) 
Is the luckiest woman in the world !!! I LOVE MY HUBBY !!! 
Is super proud of my hubby !!! I LOVE U BABY !!! 
SOA !!!! cant wait for next tuesday cant believe this season is almost over !!!!!!! 
is thankful for my family this year ...... I would not have survied the year without thier support ...... 
Happy Turkey < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! This year I am thankful for my husband , my children , and my wonderful family and friends ! = ) What are you thankful for ? 
just watched the original frosty the snowman and < PROPMALE > the red nosed raindeer ! put up the christmas tree and < PROPMALE > the kids stalkings ! its begining to look alot like christmas !!! 
I woke up this morning the weather was doom and gloom ..... now a half hour later its blue skyes and fluffy white clouds ..... amazing ! 
well we all woke up sick ..... so no school today ..... and its raining again ..... so I guess its a lazy day .... 
today has been a good day so far ..... my youngest was singing sublime with me today ! sooo proud = ) 
i think my kids took some ' annoy mommy pills ' today ...... thank the lord for bedtimes !!!! now i can relax !!! 
IiIitTt iIiIsSsS FfFflLlIiIPpPpPin COLD !!! 
so hurray ! my youngest son successfully used his potty chair today for the first time !!! woot woot !!! way to go baby mommy loves u !!!!! 
hoping my hubby feels better soon = ( poor baby has been sick all day ! 
is sick at work .... hopefully I make my whole shift without requiring a change of clothes !!! 
feeling sooo much better today thanks pepto !!! and we got all our xmas shopping done ! phew ! hopefully the boys are as excited as hubby and i on xmas morning ! 
we let the boys each open a gift early tonight ! not bc they were begging though ..... it was bc hubby and i couldnt wait to see them excited and playing with their new toys !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > RYONE !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! have a blessed day ! 
we now have 23 years till 1/2/34 ! i will be 50yrs old ! very interesting ! 
lord help me today my boys have declared war on eachother ! 
still not quite adjusted to being back on the night shift .... 
wishing my hubby a very happy 6yr wedding anniversay !!!! 
oh what a good day = ) Sublime played in my car , my kids were goofy , and hubbie was sweet today = ) Now if I could just win the lotto , life would be perfect ! LMAO ! 
so .... there are some idiots partying it up in the street right now .... lame ! i WAS looking forward to sleeping with my windows open tonight !!!! IDIOTS !!! 
my two yr old is sooo cute as i was leaving for work this morning i gave him a kiss bye bye and he says to me \mama div daddy tiss\ " way too cute !!! " 
Is finding everyday is a blessing and I am thankful for all the blessings in my life = ) 
my five year old told me today that he will love me for a thousand days ( which means forever to him ) and that he loves me more than all the stars !!! so freaking precious !!! 
lol im seeing a trend on here .... fox should have taken a pole .... bc no one liked black eyed peas ! lmao ! 
I LOOVVEEE THE E*TRADE COMMERCIALS !!!! Those babies are sooo dang cute !!! 
Happy Birthday Mama ! Today you would have been 49yrs old .... I miss you everyday , but today I miss you even more .... I hope the Lord gives you extra hugs for me ... I ask him all the time = ) I love you so much and miss you ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Nowell <3 we will varry your memory with the beauty in your music today and always ! 
The bright lights put me in a trance but it ain't house music that makes me wanna dance ! 
i love you , completely I guess im kinda mad about ya i love u i love u i dooo ! 
ABSOLUTELY LOVES SPRING CLEANING !!! I found a bunch of old ska cds I thought were lost in moving !!!!! Super happy to listen to catch 22 , the slackers , less than < PROPMALE > , hepcat , swingin utters , and voodoo glow skulls !!!!! SCORE !!!! 
Hooray !!! I have accomplished < PROPFEMALE > much today ! It feels Ggrreeeaat !!! 
disregard this profile stat bs .... curiosity got the best of me but this cant be correct ! 
i have the sweetest son ever !!! he just asked me if im gonna cook forever .... i said sure he said oh good cuz u r the bestest cook in the world mommy !!! he just melts my heart !!! 
yay ! recertified my adult , child , and infant cpr !!! and while my pt was on vacation with family at disney world she bought my boys some light up < PROPFIRST > mouse light up toys and < PROPFEMALE > !!! soooo sweet of her ! 
so excited oxegen is showing the notebook tonight ! excited !!! 
There is absolutely nothing better than the sound of my childrens laughter coming from their room ... I don't think I could possibly be more blessed than I am right now =D 
gorgeous day .... but can someone please tell all these love bugs to go away ! they are putting a damper on this beautiful day ! 
had an awesome time with friends and family came home and gave kids a bath washed dishes did two loads of laundry , vacuumed , picked up around house and now am getting ready to do my nails and go to bed ! feels super fantastic to get sooo much done !!! 
Looking forward to another wonderful day ! =D 
LOOKING FORWARD TO AN AWESOME NIGHT OF DRINKING !!!! 
my baby sister just melts my heart ! she is only six and just the sweetest big hearted little girl ever ! 
my oldest son just lost his first tooth !!!! very excited 5yr old !!! and mommy =D 
ugh ... i am soooooo sick ..... if i dont feel better tomorrow i am going to cry !!!! head cold sore throat aches and pains and chills too !!!! 
Having another wonderful day , I am < PROPFEMALE > o lucky to be < PROPFEMALE > loved by such a wonderful hubby ! Muah to you baby !!!!! 
Looking forward to some r&r !!! 
SHOOT ME !!!! 
I think for the first time in 18 years I have a new favorite band !!! Or rather two favorites !!! Mumford and sons and zac brown band !!! Its a tie !!! 
Looking forward to spending time with friends and family tonight !!!! 
Not looking forward to more storms today !!! My children are starting to suffer from cabin fever !!!! Looks like arts and crafts and hide and seek are in my cards tonight ...... then maybe a nice hot bubble bath to relax after they go to bed ..... sigh .... 
BANANA =D 
screw u facebook ..... not wanting to work on my stupid smart phone this morning ..... and i accidently broke a mirror .... what a great way to start off my day ! 
COFFEE !!!! MY LOVE !!!! Hurray for my hubby having the day off ! Can't wait to get off work today so I can put him to work with my \hunny-do list\ " !!!!!! WAHOOOOO !!! " 
