\We lie when we say we do not have enough time on our hands . Usually we don't spend it well .......... \"" 

Wonders why people have been so depressing lately ? Oh well ...... I guess we can't be happy all the time . 
is worried that my sister will get arrested one day for stealing a car . And I am wanting people to take my quiz . 
\You could live a hundred years without really living for one minute . \"" 
Drove home last night while the fireworks in town were going off near the overpass . It felt like a war zone , I thought I was under attack ! ............................ But in the end it was kind of cool . 
is wondering how people can be so judgemental .......... show some kindness to your friends and neighbors without expecting anything in return . In the end it makes all the difference . 
Just found out that I might have really messed something up and now I feel very , very bad ............... * sad face * 
wonders how much time we are capable of wasting when we do stupid things .............. I know this comment is very vague , ( but right now it's on my mind so im going to post it anyway . ) 
\The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . \ " \ " Or the one . \"" 
wonders why emotions can be so powerful and pathetic at the same time . ( If anyone would like to add to this , please do . ) 
is hitting his head against the wall ............... * bang * * bang * * bang * 
I believe it takes a good person to understand power and accept it , but it takes an even better person to understand and give it away . 
Wants the world to slow down and stop sending mixed signals to my brain ........ it's not nice . 
Does not think the day was a waste of time , I enjoyed almost dying at the hands of the craziest driver in the world ........... IDK about 20-30 times , ( total sarcasm . ) , Lol . 
\Who really cares what's on my mind ?! \ " ( strange status update aint it ? ) " 
Had a very interesting day and cant wait until tomorrow ............ and is also having an identidy crisis . 
Why are all important decisions so difficult , it makes it impossible to give just a yes or no answer doesent it ? 
is reading and about to end the longest onslaught of work he has ever had to deal with in his life , woo hoo . 
Is really tired . Going to children's camp for our church tomorrow . It should be great , if anyone needs to reach me you can text me . Talk to all of you in a few days ! 
Wants to know why computers hate him , I never did anything to deserve their harsh treatment of me . * sigh * 
Is reading two chapters out of his history book in the next half hour ........ hooray for me ! 
has found out some things ........... and needs just a little more information before I can lauch my master plan and take over the world . HA HA fear me ! 
is being totally ridiculous , but hey what else is new ? 
\controversy helps you learn \"" 
just got done editing my english essay for the second time , hooray for me again . I hope my professor will not make us all redo these for a third time , that would be bad . 
went to the first mounds ' home game tonight , it was a lot of fun seeing my old teachers and friends . Sometimes me and my sister wish we could go back to high school when we knew everybody and life was not as complicated . 
played a football game for almost four hours today , no joke . 
\After every choice that narrows your freedom of choice you will continue down a path until there is no choice and no freedom . \"" 
I must be a very unlikeable person because three people logged out when I tried to open chat with them before I even sent my first message ! If that's what you all have to say to me .... well then ok , LOL . ( BIG SMILE ) 
watching < PROPFIRST > brown classics ! 
Got to see < PROPMALE > Hawkins today , it was fun . 
The decisions that were made in your past cannot be changed . They can only affect the decisions you make in your future . So always do the right thing , that way you can live with yourself . 
\Don't let a suitcase full of cheese be your Big fork and spoon . \"" 
Apparantly , I uncover the depths of emotion and see straight through all the masks of people's hearts . What in the world is that suppose to mean ?, lol . ( How many quizes are there about eyes on facebook ? ) 
People are funny sometimes .......... 
I suggest that this comes down to a good game of Rock , Paper , Scissors , Lizard , Spock . ( I will fill all of you in on the details later , lol . ) 
Ok , pay attention because im only going to say it once : * ahem * The solution is very simple : Scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock crushes lizard , lizard poisons spock , spock smashes scissors , scissors decapitates lizard , lizard eats paper , paper disproves spock , spock vaporizes rock , and as it always has , rock crushes scissors . .......... Ok I think I got it now ! 
Rivalry of the decade is renewed on Sunday Night . Colts Vs . Patriots , we will see who the better team is ! Tell me who you think will win , please and thank you . 
feels better now , does that make anyone happier ? ha ha ha . 
is feeling very happy about some things . Now it is off to zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ....... 
DONE WITH SCHOOL ! I will be back on < PROPFIRST > . 11 . Yeah I know all of you other people are jealous . Remember you all got out for Turkey break and I had school that week anyway , this is my revenge on all of you . * big smile * 
Dinner Theater is now in session , ha ha one night down and two more to go . Gotta love December ! 
\So often faith looks foolish ........... a leap into the dark .............. but that's not how it is for the believing heart . \"" 
Goodnight Everybody . Cant wait until tomorrow ! God is so good and we all have so much to be thankful for during this time of the year . 
some people are too ignorant to understand how incredibly stupid they are . 
Life is so special , live it like you mean it because you never know when it will be over . Goodnight everyone . 
What does it mean to be normal ? I think the concept is overated . 
Out of an exam , doing homework then back to the classroom in 10 Minutes . Hooray for college and night classes ! 
\Life is not about surviving the storm . It's about dancing in the rain . \"" 
Hello everybody . How are all of you ? 
Does anyone know how to delete the flair tab on your profile ? Mine is pretty much useless .............. 
Bazinga ! lol . 
'' A single lifetime lays behind her , as she draws her final breath . Just behind the door he'll find her . Taking her hand he softly says : for the first time you can open your eyes and see the world without your sorrow where noone knows the pain you left behind . All the peace you could never find , is waiting there to hold and keep you ; welcome to the first day of your life . No more tears to cry . '' 
* sigh * Almost finished a very long note and I refreshed my < PROPFEMALE > on accident . Bah ! 
'' All that im after is a life full of laughter . I think that : all that still matters is Love ever after ,....... after the life we've been through , Cause I know there's no life after you . '' 
went to < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation party . Very nice new people and people I knew were there . Now when to mow the yard ? ( my english sounds stupid . ) 
It has been forever since I have logged into facebook ................ Sad to say but I don't feel like I have missed much , lol . * Shrugs * oh well ........... 
Phone is broken , sorry to everyone who cannot reach me . But maybe not having a cell for now creates temporary relief ....... Lol .......... Yeah right . 
Is very glad ! 
Thank you to all the people who wished me a happy birthday ! It was really a great one . \ 
21 . I feel all grown up now , * shrugs * Oh well .......... \ 
Thank you to my special someone and her family for spoiling me and my crazy sister for all the things she does . 
Is tired ............. * Sigh * 
....................... 
Got a < PROPFEMALE > limeade from his really sweet sister at work today ! So awesome ! 
\The great moments of your life won't necessarily be the things you do . They will also be the things that happen to you . \ " \ 
I Miss the time when everything mattered . 
WAITING ........................................... 
Who Thinks that video games are a way of life ? 
I am so bored ........ * Sigh * I really do not want to finish all of my British Literature now but I guess there is nothing else to do . 
There was once a time where we could all rely on death , taxes and a Colts playoff apperance ; after that loss last night to < PROPFIRST > we can all strike one of those . * Sigh * But no matter what a true fan roots for his team . 
To all the people who visited me and my family while my dad was in the hospital I would like to say thank you . Your kindness was felt and I am extremely greatful for your care in our time of need . I am thankful for all of you and I am so happy that my dad got to come home for Christmas . And I pray that God will bless every family in need this time of year . 
Not meant to depress anyone but my dad has been really really sick . We always pray and hope for the best but I know that God has a plan for him soon and I am very greatful to be his son . To every person who has lost a loved one I understand the pain and I now appreciate how it makes us stronger . 
My dad is no longer hurting . I feel different now . Thank You for everyone who has supported me and my family . 
To everyone who would like to attend my father's funeral is 10:00 a.m Monday at Mounds First Baptist Church . Once again I say thank you to everyone for the food , thoughts and prayers given to my family in this difficult time . I appreciate all of the special people that are around me . Goodnight everyone . 
\And will you pray for me ?.................. Or make a saint of me ? \"" 
