STATE CHAMPIONS BABY !!!!! 

Cant believe some of the things ppl can say . All over one upset , angry , pissed off , confused , sad , lost person . Telling everyone lies to try and make herself feel better , but she's just lying to herself . And its no ones fault except your own 
Cant wait to get out of haines . October will b fun 
6:30 am air alert workout .... can't wait :D 
Love it when they tell u to fasten ur seatbelt and prepare for take off ... i dont c wat the point it , ur goin down with the plane either way lol . Made it to Seattle 
In Cannon Beach , Oregon ! Freakin amazing ! 
Im the luckiest guy in the world :) 
GET HOME TUESDAY ! Hav had a long enough vacation , can wait to get back to Haines .... 
Stuck in the Seattle airport . On my way home , should get to Haines 7am tomorrow 
Ugh 2 an half more hrs of waiting . Stuck in juneau airport :P 
Headin to Anchorage in the morning ! :) Totally stoked ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > u guys r not goin to b happy campers in the morn lol 
Finally Home ! :) 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > made it home :) 
Wow , fuck today 
Can't wait for basketball to start ! Totally stoked ... 
Wats up with this winter ! It snowed , now its suppose to warm up and rain ! At the end of frickin NOVEMBER ?! 
haha why would we have a snow day ? last time we had one u couldn't even c the school cus of all the snow .... only the roof . dont think its goin to snow that much tonight 
6am practice tomorrow ... cant wait :) 
This was one of the better homecomings we hav had :) 
feel good about my finals today :) bring on the rest of em ! 
UGH ! stuck in Juneau airport , planes aren't flying .... doesn't look good for flying home today 
Just wat we need .... a frickin winter storm warning ! ready to get home 
I'm really going to miss running out to a gym full of roaring fans cheering on the Haines Glacier Bears . I couldn't have asked for a more outstanding team of guys then each and every one I have played along side with these past 4 yrs . Its been an experience of a lifetime , but .... The Season Isn't Over Yet 
GO GREEN BAY !!!!! In Ketch get home tomorrow 
Haha gotta love basketball trips ! 
Tired as dump ... and get to wake up in 3hrs to head home :D 
thought i would've enjoyed this Region V more , so far it kinda sucks 
Hopefully heading home tomorrow , the ferry better not be cancelled ! 
Finally have time to work on college stuff .... 
Jus finished SAT's .... i think i got more stupider :P 
Feelin a little country today ... 
Loving spring break , getting so much stuff done 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > telling a story .... somebody should save me 
I woke up and thought i was in heaven .... 
oilgasm 
