my cats evil she just clawed my eye 

I really don't want to go back to school tomorrow :( 
I accidently ate meat D: D: D: D: D: D: 
I hate the cavs :( and is new jersey every going to win a game ... rofl haven't won a game all season 
finally the nets won too bad they already have the worst start to a season in nba history XD Lakers will lose tonight and the suns will win tomorrow ;) 
wow the road was depressing yay for a sort of happy ending though :) 
Suns vs Lakers today GO SUNS !!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > nash needs to get traded to a not hopeless team 
my phones not working =/ 
no public option D: 
icecrown looks so awsome i wish my mom hadn't canceled my account 
suns 8-0 at home :D 
i keep losing with good hands in online poker :/ 
anyone want to debate health care i'm bored 
just checked the standings and the celtics have a better record so far than the lakers :D 
will they ever win on the road :( 
Why should senators like < PROPFIRST > Lieberman and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > get to gut healthcare reform ? They represent states with less than 1% of the american population . Yet because we need a vote for cloture they can demand whatever they . Thanks to them we now have a watered down health care < PROPMALE > . RIP public option :( 
So my phone is now completely broken :/ 
wow a republican senator asked the american people to pray for another senators death so democrats wouldn't have enough votes for cloture 
I'm not sure if I want the current healthcare < PROPMALE > to pass or fail :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :D 
:D 
Why do the suns win the game I don't watch XD 
God republicans like < PROPMALE > Hoekstra are disgraceful 
I need to start waking up sooner ... 
2010 is going to be a bad year i can feel it :( 
Just wondering am I the only person who hasn't seen avatar xD 
I love NIN :D < PROPMALE > Reznor is god 
lol < PROPFEMALE > palin on faux news 
palin is funny XD 
i hate being sick :( 
Lakers lost by 20 :D 
I've decided Im going to watch Code Geass again :D 
Im the only person in the world who hates the rain aren't I ? 
I probably should have started my economics homework sooner XD 
Well walking home today sucked lol 
The suns better not lose again tonight :/ 
< PROPFIRST > Brown won ?!? D: 
Cheesecake is the best thing ever :D 
Lakers lost again :) 
du hast mich 
Should I study for government ? 
I accidently killed a spider now I feel terrible :( 
whoa some 14 year killed his parents because he didn't want to take out the trash 
Im losing faith in the suns :( 
why am I such an abject failure ? 
Just one more final :) 
I really hate life 
Just saw a picture from when I had long hair now i get why everyone thought i was a girl lol 
Ok I think wait and bleed is the best song ever ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and are truly terrifying . 93% of people won't paste this ......... because they have been eaten by dragons . 
damn river :( 
awesome day :) 
suns win lakers lose :D 
less than zero in me 
im bored who wants to discuss healthcare reform on facebook :D 
LICH < PROPMALE > FIGHT LOOKS SO FUC < PROPMALE > EPIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
what are the chances that when there are two 4s and a < PROPMALE > on the flop and i have a 4 in my hand that someone has the other 4 ? 
almost died yesterday :D 
I have an A in economy :) 
Finally I can get a phone again next saturday :D 
I think I changed my views on mankind today 
my love letter in < PROPMALE > might just be the worst thing i've ever written 
just bought a couple songs from carnifex's cd on itunes :) 
I think the suns are gonna lose :( 
celtics are gonna win tonight 
celtics lead at half :D 
YES !!!!!!!!! CELTICS WIN !!!!! 
public option not dead :D :D :D :D :D :D 
So now that my wow time has expired I think I'm done forever . It was fun for a while but now its just lost its charm I guess and pve is boring 
so i cant get anything at all in poker :/ 
anyone want to play texas holdem tonight ? 
I don't feel like doing homework :/ 
I decided to listen to devildriver instead of working lol 
I always lose on the river :/ 
So my permit expired lol 
Yay I get to fail at using chop sticks :D 
i want to be in a wall of death really badly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone want to play texas hold'em tomorrow ? 
HOW THE FUCK DID BOSTON LOSE TO THE NETS ?!?!??!? 
I really hate life :/ 
my uncle sent me some intresting statistics about wow for instance the money made by just the north american and european is more than the gdp of some country's 
the lich < PROPMALE > is finally dead ( heroic 10 man ) 
finally have a phone/ipod again after 3 months :D 
Anyone who had my number text me so i can have yours :) 
xD yes my number is the same 
all japanese pop songs sound the same 
Why can't I ever get a good hand ? 
ok im done gamblling forever now 
fun day even though i lost 12 dollars lol 
so the fucking suns coach basically gave the lakers the game WTF 
Even though they lost today I think if the suns meet the lakers in the playoffs they can win 
anyone want to play basketball ? 
I cant wait for the republicans to campaign on repealing this lol 
The tea party disgusts me 
its too hot D: 
So I'm not whether I think Rosenrot is the best song ever or wait and bleed 
i hope < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > gets replaced 
Fuck the river 
God is a japanese school girl ! 
For some reason I have the song vermillion stuck in my head 
Why does the river hate me so much :( 
So everyone I just want you to know that the suns are gonna win the championship and not the lakers ! 
damn lakers :*( 
Lamb of god is so amazing :) 
Folded before the flop and would have had 4 of a kind :/ 
God life sucks :/ 
Tomorrow < PROPMALE > will be sacrificed for Haruhi's blessing ! 
First 25 heroic Lich < PROPMALE > kill 
Crying :( 
Clannad = Best anime ever 
God damn river ! 
I think every time I've gotten pocket jacks I've lost on the river :/ 
Do I always have to lose on the river at least 10 times a day ? 
Still not sure about quitting wow 
hey does mente have a knew vent ? 
For Clannad !!!!!! 
Watch and Enjoy Clannad , go on myanimelist.net ' s top list and make it reclaim it's number 1 spot , do it or i will burn you at the stake 
All my wow friends know I was svven right ? 
yeah i'm done playing pocket jacks i never win on them 
4 jacks :D 
Weiter weiter ins Verderben 
just saw a < PROPMALE > flush !!!! 
Anyone want to play Texas hold'em tonight ? 
Found 100 dollars today 
terrible 4th quarter for the celtics but they still won :) 
Lakers lose !!!! :D 
Fate/Stay night = Epic 
ANIME DAY ! 
SABER !!!! 
< PROPMALE > changes in cataclysm seem interesting ... 
Epic day ! Amazing way to end break :) 
God is a japanese school girl . 
SABER ! 
I hate losing full houses 
fuck the river seriously ... 
NO !!!!!!! DAMN BLAZERS 
Suns in 6 maybe ? 
Almost burned down my house again lol 
USHIO !!!!!!! 
Im tired of idiots winning in texas holdem I just lost pocket aces to someone who went all in with a 2 and 7 unsuited 
Im bored anyone want to debate something ? 
All the teams I wanted to win did :D 
yes i am trolling on that group ... 
Awesome day went to little tokyo for the first time :D The finished the day by watching the worst anime ever made lol 
Passed the driving test :) 
Listening to Cradle of Filth :) 
I think I failed the government test :( 
SUNS !!! :D 
Come on Jazz ........ 
GOD DAMN THE FUCKING LAKERS 
2-0 !!!!!!!!! 
Now I want to play wow again :( 
I love cradle of filth :) 
FUCK JUST REALIZED IM MISSING THE SUNS GAME 
Go dragic !!!!!!! Fucking amazing 
Suns win the series I doubt the spurs will be the first team to come back 3-0 
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2010/05/06/american-flag-banned-america/#\ 
vote yes 
Bought cupcakes , went to little tokyo , ate at a ramen place , had a lot of wasabi worshipped haruhi , bought a video later threw up because of it , nearly got a guy arrested , saved a dogs life , later tried to get dog and take it with us no luck :( , milk tea , thought i was in a horror movie lol , had fun with weapons , threw up , and some other stuff ;) 
Should be studying for ap economics but i really don't feel like it :/ 
Deciding whether or not to start studying :/ 
Lockdown pissed me off 
Anyone know if they ever caught the bank robbers ? 
Listening to violent femmes :D 
For some reason I can't open word .... 
I feel like playing poker 
Fucking Lakers .............................. 
lol at rand < PROPFIRST > 
Don't believe in yourself , believe in me who believes in you 
I think I'm immune to 4chan now 
About to watch the gurren lagann movies :D 
Finally ! 
What anime to watch now ... 
DAMN YOU < PROPFIRST > AND YOUR SPOILERS 
DUN DUN 
Well time to get off facebook SUNS ARE GONNA WIN LAKERS SUCK !!!! :D 
115-106 hahaha 
So who thinks I'm a horrible person :) 
FUCKING BULLSHIT 
Depressed now FUCK YOU ARTEST HOW DARE YOU FUCK UP EARLIER AND THEN REDEEM YOURSELF 
Spent over an hour making a sims family last night only to find out today i forgot to save :/ 
Someone debate something with me ............................ 
Somehow my sim family got deleted D: networth about 900,000 simoleons D: 
Palin and bachmann are so funny 
does anyone in < PROPMALE > know when the project is due ? 
Let's go celtics ! 
Celtics win ! 
Celtics 
I think this will happen\ 
Game 3 I think will be lakers\ 
game 4 celtics\ 
game 5 celtics\ 
game 6 lakers\ 
game 7 celtics 
Pierce and < PROPFIRST > need to get it together next half 
Damn blache < PROPMALE > won the primary 
So far my predictions for this series have been right only a couple points off of what I predicted this game to e 
flopped a straight in a tournament lost to a house on the river :/ 
Lol so who was it who thought the celtics were gonna lose all their home games :p 
I think I'm gonna go without sleep for 48 hours again 
I think this game has the most bad calls I've seen 
Most annoying sound in the world ...... 
my moms making me wear dress shoes that dont fit me all night so we don't have to buy new ones it hurts :/ 
earthquake ? 
This is the first time in a long time that i've thought about playing wow again 
The game 
I NEED TO CONVINCE MY PARENTS TO LET ME STAY HOME ON GRADUATION 
So this will be the 5th consecutive night where i've stayed up to 3-4 
Watching rise of the new right 
what time is rehearsal tomorrow ? 
God I really hate the all hope is gone cd ..... 
Had a really weird experience tonight\ 
I think I was more nervous in one minute than I was in my entire life 
Fuck it all no regrets 
found out im 6'3 and not 6 foot today 
i really hate the river 
i feel like playing poker ... again 
anyone want to play poker tonight 
Just woke up :/ 
I still can't sleep lol 
watched two animes in 3 days 
i have the worst luck ... 
full tilt is fucked up :/ 
I hate full tilt so god damn much nobody play there 
im really tired of losing houses how many fucking times this week am i gonna get beat by quads ... 
so toy story was good 
I have the WORST luck in the world 
I plan on reading up poker strategies the rest of the night 
so i passed both my aps 
guess im gonna go to bed early tonight lol 
the heat just keep getting more players ... 
finally sent my ap world history scores lol 
I have the worst luck in the god damned world 
why do always end up losing on the river to someone with lower pockets than me 
just spent 4 hours and 6-7 dollars on an arcade soccer game 
45 bad hands before getting aces 
finally getting sent a new 360 after it was lost 
WHO THE FUCK STAYS IN ON AN INSIDE STRAIGHT DRAW WHEN I BET DOUBLE THE DAMN POT 
6th place in tournament with 180 people 
won 30 dollars 
my 360 came back ! 
just woke up lol 
lost pocket aces to 10 9 wtf 
of fucking course someone makes a higher straight than me on the river 
I'm probably gonna go back to wow 
prop 8 was ruled unconstitutional :) 
learning to play omaha hold'em 
For some reason I cant deposit any money on full tilt 
how has it been over an hour since i've gotten a pair on 3 different tables 
Im really tired of losing sets 
3 hours in a tournament of 90 people only came 9th place shoved all in with AK when i was small and missed at least i made a few bucks though 
got a < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Cant believe i spent 100 bucks tonight but so god damned worth it 
I HATE WHEN SOMEONE GETS RUNNERS 
So I think I have the worst luck in the world 
Lost my two pair AK to a 25 off suit 
My ace < PROPFEMALE > just lost to an ace < PROPFIRST > of course he hits a second < PROPFIRST > on the river ... 
won a heads up sit and go and came second in another one 
weird being in the dorms .... 
Well i lost my bankroll :( now i have nothing to do lol 
its times like this that make me wish i didnt quit wow 
ouran host club 10/10 
First day of college was cool i think im gonna like this especially philosophy 170 
Now to try and rebuild my bankroll 
Gonna start reading the ouran host club manga 
the amount of bull shit on full tilt makes me want to kill someone 
Almos cashed in a free roll but got rivered around 300th place out of 7500\ 
In another tourney with 8500 people I won a tournament ticket 
Well < PROPFEMALE > got me re-addicted to wow 
lfm for poker 
I can never win a fucking coin flip 
Im really tired of getting knocked out of tournaments on the river to someone with 3 outs 
Back at my dorm 
Forged in fire best song ever ? 
salt and chocolate milk not good 
Started writing a paper on religion :D lol i hope its not due tomorrow 
Fuck wow getting civilization 5 instead lol 
Rivered twice in a row out of a tournament after i flopped the nuts in omaha :/ 
Gonna listen to I then go to bed ..... 
Got my computer fixed :D 
So far I'm really disappointed with this season of < PROPMALE > 
So im walking back to my dorm from inn and out and i take a bite out of what i think is a grilled cheese . Then I realized it was meat and thought to myself wow this is really overrated 
Fucking idiots who call a 4 bet with A10 ......... 
Poker books I plan to get\ 
All the Harrington on Hold'em books\ 
DUCY ? \ 
Caro's book of poker tells\ 
The theory of poker\ 
anyone know any others ? 
My goal is to make the money in a freeroll by the end of the month 
I hate people who can't play poker but then always get lucky 
Of course I lose my set of kings with the redraw to the nut flush in omaha 
At morongo got up to over 400 with 40 dollars and lost it all with a set of kings 
Full tilt home of bad beats 
If 150 people like this status i will watch 3 guys one hammer 
THE SAME FUCKING DONKEY GOT RUNNERS AGAINST ME 3 TIMES IN 10 FUCKING MINUTES FUCK YOU FULL TILT 
So sick of lucky donkeys 
Why do I keep watching < PROPMALE > ... 
Listening to carnifex really loud im sure everyone near my dorm hates me lol 
Im tired of playing against idiots who dont understand poker 
Go warriors ! 
Razz maybe the most boring game ever 
I love plo rush poker 
Worst bad beat of my life :( went from top 25 in chips to well below chip average 
Voted for the first time ! 
Damn it < PROPMALE > Grayson lost 
Well we're fucked 
YES < PROPMALE > WON 
God I really want to hug a polar bear now 
You shouldn't be allowed to play poker unless you know how to fucking play right 
Monster is definitely the best anime I've seen 
I played so badly in plo tonight :/ 
Why am I still up ... 
Anyone know anyway to get pokerstove working on a < PROPMALE > 
Thats definitely my unluckiest session of plo ever\ 
Missed two draws with 17 outs 3 others with 15\ 
Had the nut straight plus top top set only for someone to hit a one outer with bottom set 
Good job nuggets ! 
I hate flopping a house only to have a guy hit a lucky river 
I really don't think < PROPMALE > Duhamel deserved to win the main event 
Come on suns keep it close 
Every time I take a bad beat I want to strangle the dumb ass who did it 
So bored 
The republicans keep finding more and more ridiculous things to filibuster 
Trying to find my wow discs 
Well was gonna go back to wow but downloading all the patches is too annoying 
To all my conservative friends can you tell me your 3 main arguments against healthcare reform 
God I love System of a Down 
< PROPMALE > season 5 worst piece shit i've ever watched 
So officially moved out of the dorm 
Done with finals :D 
I just slept for almost 24 hours .... 
The black swan is amazing 
Law of diminishing returns :/ 
Just finished first day of work 
Well I'm convinced < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s an idiot 
Get aces cracked in a tourney get down to about 1/4 chip average rebuild to double the chip average only to have aces cracked again and lose ... 
the comments in the wsj always make me lol 
Bored :/ want to play poker 
my alarm didn't go off this morning great ... 
My computer lagged in a dollar pot I had a full house .... got folded for time .... FML 
After going up I've taken bad beats the entire day and am down $20 want to kill those idiot fish who luck out ................ 
Funny that I can dodge a 15 outer but never a two outer 
Well lost practically the rest of my bankroll on Kings vs Aces 
Finally this terrible week has ended 
being sucked out on by the same guy 5 times in 10 minutes = tilted for life 
republicans in wisconsin really are despicable 
battle for la pretty bad lol not that i expected anything 
God its frustrating I can't even lose to good players online the majority went to idiots who lucked out 
going to rammstein ! 
wow my kitten was trying to fight a fucking possum 
Epic game 3 overtimes ! I especially liked Nash's pass behind is back when he was falling . Too bad though i blame < PROPMALE > carter . \ 
Also my cat tried to attack a possum again 
1 year anniversary of the healthcare < PROPMALE > ! 
The haruhi movie was good 
I suppose I should go to bed soon 
Literally just pressed the snooze alarm button for 3 hours .... 
God listening to republicans pisses me off ... 
i want inn & out right now lol 
LOL the republican's 10 year budget plan will increase the deficit by trillions 
All the < PROPMALE > poker sites are down D: \ 
stupid law ... 
If stars and tilt are down whats gonna happen to their poker shows ? Maybe a good player will actually win the main event too 
Hornets :) 
So I'm officially an economics and political science student 
I think I'm gonna cut back on soda no more than 4 a day 
i just got an email saying that I still need to go to advising ........ 
So I scheduled my classes so I don't have to go monday wednesday and friday :) 
One of the recommended pages for me is serial killer lol 
Damn Millikan students woke me up :/ 
Fuck yeah bin laden is dead 
Still can't sleep :/ 
bored :/ 
