Donated blood today at work I feel like shit I won't do that again I don't care if it is a good thing to do 

I am so freakin tired I'm not doin shit this weekend but sit on my fat ass !!!! 
Tired of it raining already !! I hate fall in Ohio ! 
I miss my hubby he works to much ! :( 
Hell yea ! Bucks are going to the bowl !!!! GO BUCKS !! 
So happy got good news today at work !!! 
Coaching a soccer team that has nothing but a bunch of 7 and 8 year olds is goin to be challenging but I am looking forward to it . Very excited !! 
Woke up to no power this morning . what a good way to start a fri . brushing my teeth with bottle water and trying to put makeup on with a candle that kept goin out . joy ! 
Goin to the < PROPMALE > McGraw concert tomorrow night ! Yay !! 
Concert was a blast !!! < PROPMALE > McGraw and Lady Antebellum was awesome can't wait to see them again ! 
Really have to get my car fixed be putting it off for so long it's starting to sound like crap . I guess i will put it in the shop this weekend . 
Ready for a vacation ! need to get out of ohio and go back home . so much BS goin on round here ! 
My head feels like its goin to explode ! 
Workin all these damn hrs are killing me ! I DONT WANT TO WORK SAT .! need a vacation but also need money for my vacation but i want sleep too . DAMNIT ! 
Just got done having a cook out and playin volleyball with some friends . time to relax !!! 
Had a long day ! went to Hocking Hills and hiked around Old Man's Cave and played in the waterfall . Had alot of fun was good exercise need to do that again some time soon . 
TRUE BLOOD ! 
Somebody please wake me from this nightmare ! 
Wish i could get some sleep ! seems like thats not goin to happen . 
Trying to learn how to drive the mustang which is a stick cuz my other stupid car broke !!! lots of fun .... I dont wanna !!! 
bout to watch a movie with the hubby and then its sleepy time for me . 
All this OT better be worth my ass getting outta bed on a F'n Saturday !!!! 
True Blood tonight . Hells yea !!!! 
I better not hear the word saturday come out of anybodys mouth this week damnit !! I want my 2 days off need my beauty sleep and have so much crap to do . 
Hubby bday party this weekend ! I wonder what kind of shit we all are gonna get into ? Anything goes ! ;) 
FRIDAY !!!!!! 
I wish my vacation would hurry up and get here ! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > gets her braces today ... yay i'm excited ! I don't think that she is though . lol 
True friends can\ 
go long periods of time without speaking and never question their\ 
friendship . These friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday , \ 
regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live . If you\ 
are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this .. repost 
So tired don't feel like doin anything tonight . C'mon vacation !! 
Does my attitude really show ? C'mon I'm as innocent as they come ! 
HUSBAND WEEK *** : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun and is your best friend , who's been with you through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are PROUD to be married too . Copy and Paste this to your status with your wedding ... date : ? February 22 , 2007 
Thankyou everybody for all the birthday wishes !!!!! :) 
BROTHER'S\ 
WEEK ..... If you have brothers who has made you laugh ... Pulled your\ 
hair ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy .... Watched yousucceed .... \ 
Saw you fall .... Picked you back up .... Cheered you on .... Made you\ 
strong ... And who you LOVE WITH ALL YOUR HEART ...... Then copy ... and\ 
... paste thisSee More 
Back to work tomorrow vacation is over . Blah ! 
Got my flu shot out of the way today . :) 
Got a new phone yesterday lost everyones number if you send me a message and let me know you < PROPFIRST > that would be great 
Wonder if I'll get into trouble at work tomorrow . My temper kinda got the best of me and I went off on this guy for running his mouth 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > gets her bottom braces on Dec 2nd ! I'm so excited !!! 
Do I really have to take the kids trick or treating ? It's COLD !!!!!! 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad \ 
ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he \ 
is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this intoyour status and let \ 
everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly ! ? \ 
... Love you dad !! 
To all you bulldog fans thanks for talkin shit haha !!! Go Gators !! 
Surgery soon wisdom teeth coming out can't smoke for 3 weeks . I think it's a good time to try and quit . 
My wisdom teeth come out Friday . I'm freakin out !!! 
Wisdom teeth coming out tomorrow . Wish me luck !! :( 
I'm not showing my face in public til this swelling goes down . I look like an freakin chipmunk ! It hurts so bad and I'm ugly . :( 
So bored ! I still look like shit and I'm debating if I really wanna go to work tomorrow :( 
It hurts ! I want my sissy ! Arcola ! :( 
My husband has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fail , cheered me on , kept me going strong . My husband is a promise from God that I will have a friend forever ... put this in your status if you love your husband ! 
House cleaned and ready for Thanksgiving . Already extended my dining room table to fit everybody . Now time to relax and laugh at the hubby for yelling at the tv . 
With my wisdom teeth being removed came more problems . Headaches and jaw locking up with a little pain . Should have just left them alone . 
I hate the weather in Ohio ! This state sucks !! 
Workin Sat and Sun this week . Woo hoo ! My check gonna be great even better if I work next Sat too . But damn I gonna be so tired ! Well in the end it's kinda worth it :) 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except for a foot up the ass ,... but we can raise awareness ! 93% of people ... won't re-post this . They need a foot up the ass too 
IN-BOX ONLY : tell me something you have always wanted to tell me . And I'll keep it between us . Put this as your status and see what you get :] 
Thought I would at least have 1 day off this week . Now they are making us work Sunday . Well it is double time I guess thats the only good thing about it . 
It's a wonderful day !!! All the snow melted and it's currently 48 and it should get up to 54 . Yay I'm excited !!! 
So glad I dont have to work Sat .! Gives me more sleep and time to cuddle with my cute lil puppy !!! :) YAY 
HUSBAND WEEK ; If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you are at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married : FEB . 22nd 2007 
Ok now I'm mad !!! Damn puppy got ahold of my $300 phone luckly he didnt mess the phone up only the $30 case I had for it so now it looks ugly with teeth marks on it . Thank god for cases and screen protecters or that puppy would have been dead ! 
Did I mention I really hate SNOW ?!!!!! 
So this morning my turned over 100,000 < PROPMALE > . I would say its time to buy another but it will be paid off in mar . Does it mean now its a piece of crappy ? :( 
I'm a Virgo not a freakin < PROPFIRST > ! Damnit ! 
Replaced the faucet on my kitchen sink today . Didnt feel like a true plumber considering my ass crack wasnt showing . lol bumped my nose and head on a pipe water all over me said a few bad words but thats about it . Now my sink looks new !! Have to give myself a < PROPFIRST > on the back . Who says a woman cant do a mans job ? :) 
Snow sucks !!! 
So the kids want me to go outside a play in the snow . Yea right they must be smoking something . You wont catch me out there in that crap lol 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on foodstamps , medicaid , or cash assistance for your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post\ 
and if you are on them ... pick up liter , clean parks , mow , etc ... earn them a little 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to school . I got grounded for LIFE ? !! They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school & at my job . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . Copy and paste if you had Mean parents too ! 
Do I really have to go to work tomorrow ? I mean I feel like I only had 1 day off this week . Oh thats right ! I did have only 1 day off this week . Dang you Abercrombie !! 
Not goin to work today . Popped a tire on my way to work . Damnit ! This is a time when I need a man to live inside my trunk to fix things like this lol 
Well I pull in my driveway only to get stuck ! Grrrrr !!!!!!! I hate OHIO !!!! 
Yay the sun is out today ! Hopefully it will melt the ice in my driveway . 
Red Wine 
Just got done with Hallies Birthday party . She is having a friend stay the night . Can't help but to think about when I was 10 having my besties stay the night . 
Go Packs !! Only because I don't like the Steelers and it seems that a lot of people in Ohio jumped on the Steelers band wagon cuz this state does not have a winning team . I wonder if that would be the same if the Buckeyes started losing and Michigan was winning lol they might just jump on that band wagon too . 
Can I breath now !! Grrr ! It has been a long day so over it . 
Why do I have to go to a dance with a bunch of 4th graders ? 
Can't have a dance without < PROPFIRST > bieber playing . Omg my ears hurt from the screaming lol 
Softball signups today for the oldest and soccer signups coming soon for the youngest . Im gonna be busy ! Now all I need is a mini < PROPFIRST > . lol not ! 
To celebrate Valentines Day change your profile pic to you and your spouse ( or girlfriend/boyfriend , or maybe even your pet ) and make sure you tell how long you have been together ! Together almost 5 years been married for 4 next Tues ! 
I hope I get to feeling better before the weekend . Have special plans and I hate for this cold I have to ruin it . :( 
Can we be on 6 hrs today ? That would be awesome ! Nice to go home and take a nap 
Feel much better than what I did yesterday . Think I just might go and sit out on my back deck and enjoy the rest of this wonderful day with warm weather and < PROPFEMALE > sky . 
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful husband ! Love you !!! :) 
What to do with a 4 day weekend ? 
I saw little buds on my trees today . Could it be spring is almost here ? I love it ! But it really needs to stop raining . But then again its better than snow :) 
I love the weekend ! 
I really would like to run away ! 
I am the upgrade ! 
What a gorgeous day ! 
Goin tanning with my girl tomorrow after work ! I'm so white right now it's not even funny ! Thats what happens when you move to Ohio I guess . lol 
So tired !!! Ready to relax . Hubby is gone to work and I have the tv all to myself . Love it ! 
Just picked up Ambers cake for her bday party took my car to be washed did some laundry and the hubby is taking nap . Wait !!! where is my dang nap ! lol 
So glad the bday party is over ! Now my head hurts my puppy is stressed out from all the kids . Time to relax and watch and movie ! 
Blah ! Nothing on tv maybe I should have gone out tonight . No I'm lazy maybe not lol 
Rules for a successful Marriage . 1 . The Wife is ALWAYS right . 2 . In the event that the wife is wrong , please refer to rule #1 . 
I dislike Mondays 
There is no secrets . I know everything ! Bahahaha ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ; who isn't perfect , but is PERFECT for you ; who works hard and would do anything for you ; who makes you laugh & drives you crazy ; who is your best friend , whom you want to grow old with , and whom you are thankful for everyday ...... then brag on him a little and re-post this as your status . 
How to show a woman you love them : kiss , hug , compliment , love , tease , protect , listen , support . How to show a man you care : Cook dinner NAKED !!! 
Wrestlemania !!! 
