Homework is on my mind ... * sigh * 

Finally , good relaxation . :) enjoying the rest of the day , with little homwork ... 
haha ! an easy day of classes ! then more homework ... and an easy exam . Horay ? 
slow day today ... then homework , not too bad . 
Just relaxing , finished with all needed homework and it feels great ! 
Was taking an exam , on the last question . then a fire forces us to leave and retake the test .... #$&*$# 
finished studying for a physics exam ... phew , this one is going to be interesting 
The Exam week of death ... well , almost done with it ... then i can call myself done until thanksgiving break . 
Last exam for the week , then almost done for break ! 
Easy week ( aka Dead Week ) . It lives up to its name . Boring week ... 
Cold wind plus slick sidewalks creates entertaining walks around campus ... 
has completed two of his four exams .... Feeling like I aced the math one ... and a solid B probably in Chem . 
Ah ... 3 out of four complete ... just have to work twice more and one more exam then i can be done ! 
Just saved my laptop from utter deletion . stupid Kubuntu GRUB 
Alert . Facebook bug ... stupid chat systems . 
#^@&@$# Resnet 
An overall good weekend , Relaxed and got a great deal of next week's homework done . On to an easy week ! 
Best energy drink ... ever . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRuNxHqwazs 
Running on 3 hrs of sleep , not horrible , but not good either . 
These are the days I see why I enjoy college . Nice weather and so many people I know outside on campus . It almost seems festive . 
is coming to a theatre near you ! 
says it's time for Red Lobster . Horay ! 
Went to see a symphonic band concert , went to a carnival , saw a movie , and more . So many great things happened today ( and yesterday ) . 
One of the greatest facts I learned in physics 272 this semster ; A sound wave IS a penguin . 
round and round and round i go ... i'm not very good at this ... 
This week has been quite the ride . I wonder how the next one will go . :P 
has yet to get his tesla coil up and running ... sad :( . 
If you can read this , you might or might not need glasses . 
Ditch digging , not my preferred profession . 
Finally brought my tuba out again . Nice to clean and play it . So fun ! 
The weirdest line i have ever received from a computer application . \The Sun crashed into the Sun . Good job . \ " never saw that coming . " 
My summer job begins ... 
needs to update his status . 
What a great night , learning to fence and a swing dance . Simply great . 
Good news everyone ! There is a new Futurama tonight ! 
Ah , nice , easy day of work . Only two more this week , then fun time ! 
And now for a whole week off of work . Yay ! 
1 
Time to go canoeing in sugar creek . 
Kick-ass : self explanatory . 
Detonation cord , apparently great for giving pine trees haircuts . 
\Colorless greed ideas sleep furiously ! \ " ( language is such a funny thing ) " 
Gravity : it's not just a good idea , it's the law ! 
Is finally back into the \swing\ " of things . :) " 
525,600 minutes 
It's swing time ! 
Cogito ergo sum . 
Insomnia cookie time ! 
Dancing the night away at night train's whistle stop ! 
had the most epic weekend of swing dancing with Whistle Stop . I cannot wait until another event like that ! 
Hiakus are easy ; but sometimes they don't make sense ; refrigerator . 
2 + 2 = 5 ; for extremely large values of 2 
\We're encountering resistance from these babies ... \ " - < PROPFIRST > Savage " 
Well , if wishes were horses , we'd all be eating steak ! - < PROPFEMALE > 
Finally , all homework is done for the semester ! 
Well , I have got very little studying done ... 
Playing civ 5 . You know you're doing bad when even Gandhi tells you your military is the laughing stock of the world . 
Getting things setup in town for next semester . Fun fun ... 
Got back to campus and had great evening before returning to classes . 
Mmm . tasty Buffalo Wild Wings ! I wish I could do that more often . :P 
\We Didn't Start the Fire\ " is now stuck in my head . " 
A once in a lifetime event has occurred at Purdue , it has actually has closed the entire campus due to snow . 
GOD used BLIZZARD , It's super effective , PURDUE fainted . 
Well , power out in our room .... i guess that means homework time ? 
Caramelldansen is going to be stuck in my head all day . Impossible to resist ... 
