sleep 

I've got a lot to do ... I might even be a little stressed . 
' eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
jus ' woke up not too long ago 
Legs to walk , thoughts to fly , eyes to laugh , and lips to cry ; such a restless tongue to classify ; all born to grow and grown to die 
All cats are descended from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . ...? 
just killed a Beholder with his +2 Holy Greatsword of Fire ? 
Ughhnnnnnnnnnghhhhh 
Huzzah ! I'm havin ' a great day , but I think I've already had way too much caffeine ... my blood hurts . 
I finally got internet up here . I'm pretty stoked about my classes and I hope everyone's enjoying life ... especially certain lovely ladies who might associate themselves strongly with me . 
likes Heraclitus 
going home this weekend ... to see me a lovely lady and some friends . Hoping there're waves ... 
What makes for a good paradox ( if it exists , which I believe it does , but don't exactly know why , yet) ? and when I find a good paradox does it demonstrate the union of opposites ? or must I , to demonstrate a realistic paradox , assume the union of opposites ? or could there be a paradox which doesn't have much to do with opposites at all ? and why are bad paradoxes and contradictions so easy to dismiss ? 
hmmmm ..... 
is weirded out on japanese music o.O please let me sleep , oh befuckled brain . 
Ha ... \Men will not be free until the last < PROPMALE > is strangled with the entrails of the last priest . \ " -Diderot " 
If two philosophers agree , one is not a philosopher ; If two saints disagree , one is not a saint . -old tibetan saying 
sleeeeeeeep 
Hahahahahahahah assignment complete !! eyes hurts ... sleeps needs . 
... almost registered for all my classes next semester . I've got Ethical Theory , Philosophy of Embodiment : Mind/Body/Self , Religion in < PROPFEMALE > , Buddhist Thought , and I'm trying to get into Modern Western Philosophy . 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh one more paper to go . Not too sure about that last one - its kinda funny , and I wanted it to be funny , but I don't know if the teacher did . 
If two philosophers agree , one is not a philosopher . If two saints disagree , one is not a saint . 
All done for the semester . Awesomesause ... or Sause-ome ? 
I don't pick no cotton , and I never pick my nose . I couldn't pick a pocket ... in a pile of dirty clothes . but I pick on ... I chisel , and pick the lies that used to keep me in . - < PROPFIRST > Smither 
all settled back in < PROPMALE > ... 
I'm writing up a reading and working schedule for the semester- I have about 20 books to read in 15 weeks and what might be 5-7 < PROPMALE > research papers or projects . It sounds like a lot but it looks do-able on paper so far . I think my friend has even more to do , so it could be worse . 
I don't want to start any blasphemous rumors , but I think that God's got a sick sense of humor , and when I die I expect to find him laughing ... 
is going to see the Dalai Lama speak in February . Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Mrewr 
Ganga's comin ' to visit tomorrow . Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
can't sleeeeeep ... 
The surf is expected to be dying in < PROPMALE > just before I get there and picking up again right after I plan to leave . I s'pose I can get some more work done that way ... 
Gets to see the Dalai Lama speak this afternoon . And its national pancake day . Awesome . 
just discovered Librivox.org - a bunch of free ebooks and audio books - and is pleased . 
New law of the universe ? : I don't think there's any way to actually read Kant at 4:30 am in this condition . Its impossible . Absolutely , necessarily , and intuitively through reason - it has been proven to me ... or my transcendental apperception . Sandwiches ... 
just beat Super Metroid in 2 hours and 15 minutes . 
is recovering from an amazing cheeseburger - one so good that my blood hurts ? 
Some class sessions were cancelled . Now I have more study time . Awesome . 
Alright , reading is done for tonight - not because I met my quota , but because my eyes and brain can no longer function effectively . 
Woke up in the middle of the night with pretty ridiculous fever and pain . Nothing treats a fever quite like a cup of chamomile and an hour of Robot Unicorn Attack . 
went to the doctor ; he confirmed that I have a flu and said it is most likely the swine flu . :( 
feeling better 
just got back from seeing Demetri < PROPFIRST > - pretty awesome and it was free . 
One paper down : \The Social Gospel Theology of < PROPFIRST > Rauschenbusch . \ " Two to go . " 
just wrote out the reading , work , and make-up work I have to finish this week . It's quite daunting but at least now , on paper , it looks do-able ... -ish . 
Last research paper done for this semester . Probably the worst one I've ever written ever ... but it's done so . yeah . Can't string a sentence . Good night . 
Making progress on my work . Is everyone's life awesome ? It's feelin ' pretty awesome outside today ... missin ' my lovely lady though . 
Downloading uo , enjoying some green tea , and writing about the Bhagavad < PROPFEMALE > - and wearing a dhoti cuz I'm also doing laundry . 
Ha , this guy reminds me of Skwisgaar , but with grandpas guitars - \I am flamencoguitarist since 25 years . For me flamenco is a very interesting music . You can express yourself and your emotions every day new . \"" 
Finishing up Final Exam no . 1 
I'm gonna try to take a nap before I go turn in my exam , hopefully I don't sleep through that appointment ... 
Alright . More reading ; then sleep . Can't wait to get this done with . 
Alright , five hours later I have finished writing a good answer to my first exam question . One down , three to go . But first : Sleep . 
Gallagher gave me an undeserved high score on my paper - I might be able to get an A in his class . 
heading home for a day or two - still workin ' on exam . 
Done . 
surfed my first bunch of waves ( however < PROPFEMALE > ) of the summer break . The water was cool and the weather was beautiful . Supposedly there's a little swell coming in next week . 
??? • ??? 
... feels like Gandalf ? 
GERMANY !!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !! THE PAIN !!!! \ 
WHY !!??????!!! 
Ugh , just finished homework ... I am now extremely tired . 
missin ' my lady . 
The road trip begins today after I get my summer-hair cut off . \ 
Time to read , relax , and catch up with family and friends along the way - all in the company of the most lovely lady in the world . 
It was a great trip , but its good to be home . 
moving back to < PROPMALE > today . 
My classes are so interesting I can't go to sleep because I want to study and write . Yeah I actually said I wanted to write . It's insane - and its been prolific ( by my standards ) . I admit there hasn't been a lot of brilliance to come out of it , but just enough to have something interesting to talk about with my thesis advisor . 
Goin ' to see my lady . 
\My rogue scouts have just reported an abomination in the monastery graveyard ! \"" 
Lots of homework this weekend . 
Late Friday night . Just me and some books . Looking forward to seeing my lady soon . 
Well ... 4-5 hours for one question on my Islamic Thought exam . It's good I have all week . I still have 5 other classes to worry about though . \ 
:: sigh :: 
Can't focus on writing ... gonna go read . 
Going home ! Gonna see that lovely lady ! 
work work . 
Today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize LGBT families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=120275&rsource=stream . 
Woohoo ! finally done with those essays ! I've got more to do on other subjects , but that's ok . This fiasco is done with . 
Holy bajeezus . Thanks for all the birthday wishes . Thank you , everyone . 
: the ' cogito ' as a performative , not an inference . 
is sick . :( 
3 wonderful years she has given me !! What a blessing . May it go on and on and on . 
just discovered JSTOR . Awesome . 
Turns out that I share my apartment with Shelob . 
bleh , probably should have stopped writing hours ago . So late ... my thinking is so ... compromised . Good night/morning everyone . 
Alright , my thought-strings are all dilapidated again ... can't write anymore . Good night/morning , folks . 
To live is to fly \ 
both low and high\ 
shake the dust off of your wings\ 
and the sleep out of your eyes 
learning the rules for using subordinating conjunctions in < PROPMALE > ... \ 
\ 
\Whenever the literary < PROPMALE > dives into a sentence 
I am the question that cannot be answered , \ 
I am the lover that cannot be lost , \ 
Yet small are the gifts of my servant the soldier , \ 
For time is my offspring , pray , what is my name ? 
Does anyone else use the Quia program in their foreign language classes ? I wouldn't wish it on anybody ... 
