left to sleep carefully . 

stepped outside to smoke a cigarette made of high hopes and false expectations . Confusion lit the tip , and fear filled his lungs . The taste of memories was strong on his tongue from the release of cancerous smoke into the cloudy night sky . All that was left was the stinging smell of backwards progress . 
thank you Jimi ..... thank you . 
Nothing says Christmas to me more than listening to Nirvana . 
Dinner with my family , then recording music . 
I would go out tonight but I haven't got a stitch to wear . 
Working on Nothingmaster's demo . 
Now listening to Nothingmaster's demo . 
sweet child in time . 
I'll be the phonograph that plays your favorite albums back as you're lying there drifting off to sleep ... 
Will I ever be able to get a full night's sleep unaided by pharmaceuticals or extreme sleep depravation ? At this point , I'm not sure . 
Well the challenge is set . I am officially attempting to be rejected from beautifulpeople.com 
Boom . Mission Accomplished . Officially not beautiful . 
Powerman by The Kinks is the greatest song to listen to while running . 
Listen to the solo < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > lays down on the live version of Thank You off of Led Zeppelin's BBC Sessions . It will change your life . 
\because I like < PROPFEMALE > so much \"" 
Coffee gives you the courage of a lion . 
And it plays out the same ( ya know , just without the downward spiral into depression ) . Good stuff . I'm loving this whole positive outlook thing . Its quite refreshing . I mean , it has been years . 
Goddammit I want something to do tonight . 
L-A-T-E-R that week 
I am having a love affair with Steal My Sunshine by < PROPMALE > right now . 
Since you guys hated my last status so much , I have a new one . I am having a love affair with Allstar by Smashmouth right now . 
someone once told me that I was more < PROPMALE > Gibbard than < PROPMALE > Gibbard ever was . 
It would be really nice if I didn't have to rely on zolpidem for some sleep ... 
While I was only having love affairs with those other songs , I think what Modest Mouse's The Lonesome Crowded West and I have is the real deal ... I am thinking of proposing . 
I'm gonna dance all , dance hall everyday . 
I like to dream big .... the tripledecker gardenburger : 2 layers bread , 2 layers cheese , three layers gardenburger . 
Hey , I want something to do this weekend ( besides record music , which is so far the only plan I have ) . Any suggestions ? 
I might have time to record more music in a little bit . 
I'm going to get off scot-fucking-free , and we all did . 
In fourteen days it will be Joose City , and I'm gonna be the mayor . 
In 13 days it will be Simpler Times City , and I'm running for office . 
In 12 days it will be White Russian Country , and I'm the tzar . 
Let's go sailing , let's get a bite to eat , let's talk about movies , let's go to sleep . 
Sidehack ! Tested it out by going and getting Subway . 
In 11 days it will be Blue < PROPFEMALE > Town , population : me . 
In 10 days it will be Miller High Life City , and I will be a working and voting resident . 
In 9 days it will be Skittles Vodka City , and I will be tasting the rainbow . 
In 8 days it will be Booze City , and I will be among its delinquents . 
In 7 days it will be Shitface City , because I am going to be getting shitfaced . 
In 6 days it will be MD 20/20 City , and I will be taking up residence . 
In 5 days it will be Jones Cream Soda and Vodka City , and my visit will not include any spooning . 
In 4 days it will be delicious Kahlua City , and there will be sweet sweet spooning . 
In 3 days it will be Brotini City , and it will be super chill , brah . 
You're right < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , everyday I AM hustling . 
In 2 days it will be Double Chocolate Stout City , and its going to be delicious . 
In 1 day it will be Guinness City , and I will be loving every minute . 
Also , for all you well wishers , tomorrow , don't worry about wishing me a happy birthday unless you would have picked up the phone and called me to tell me so . So , if you have my number and wish to do so , go right ahead . The only way I will be accepting to your facebook comments is if you don't have my number , but if you did , you honestly would have called . That is all . 
Texting is a terrible invention . Terrible terrible invention . 
Hey Pullman , what's up ? I know you probably didn't miss me that much , but , uh , I am back , and , uh , I hope that's cool with you . 
You're not so radical , in fact you're fanatical ... fanatical . 
I want an actual ' the world is my ashtray ' t-shirt . 
I just tried to ask out a married woman . Of course , at the time I didn't know she was married .... Christ do I feel silly right now . 
Awesome . 
But you won't let those robots defeat me . 
Australopithecus , friend to the end , but it's over , over , over again ... 
I lost track and then those words were said , you took the wheel and steered us into my bed ... 
Changes in image and attitude ... 
Who knows , maybe there isn't a vein of stars calling out my name . 
Oh ............... Christ . 
Your heart felt good , it was dripping pitch and made of wood . 
Hey you ! Do you blame yourself ? Oh yeah , do you blame yourself ? 
I must admit I was charmed by your advances ... 
I guess the good times , they were all just killing me ... 
He don't remember how it got there , he had a number written on his forearm , it spelled disaster ... 
So , I might have listened to music while watching Cartoon Network last night instead of sleeping . I am kinda tired , but I will probably be more tired tomorrow because of it . Also , the computer animated < PROPMALE > show is really weird . 
I am just a cowboy , lonesome on the trail ... 
Eating snow flakes with plastic forks ... 
Do you realize that you have the most beautiful face ? 
Did you stand by me ? No not at all ... 
So I blame this town , this job , these friends . The truth is its myself , and I'm trying to understand myself ... 
Thinking about misanthropy , with a camel on my lips , a bottle in hand , as the cold wind infects my hands . The night sky sprawls all around and all I do is stand and breathe . 
You will come down too soon . 
You can say what you want , you're forgiven . Well happy fucking congratulations ... 
Awake , I can't control the vacancy and in my dreams I can't control your persistent presence that wakes me , destroying my day before it starts ... 
Dammit ! I forgot my < PROPFEMALE > at work ! This is the worst thing to happen to me since I had all those mental health problems ! 
You're a < PROPMALE > , Akley kid . You really are . 
Yes ! I got my < PROPFEMALE > back today I left at work ! This is the best thing to happen to me since I got over all those mental health problems ! 
How can someone so inconsistent mess up so consistently ? 
A benefit to having the absolute worst luck with women and being single ? I won't have to see some shitty summer < PROPFEMALE > Heigl movie or some shit like that . 
Woke up this morning and it seemed to me that every night turns out to be a little bit more like Bukowski ... 
Things are just a bit nicer over some coffee , you can tell me all about your day ... 
New achievement in life : I don't get carded at Pullman bars because they know me . 
I would like to point out that Miller High Life was used to fuel a time machine . The champagne of beers and fuel for crazy adventures in 2015 , 1985 , 1955 and 1885 . 
Went to bed and didn't see why every day turns out to be a little bit more like Bukowski ... 
Listening to The Flaming Lips live from Bonnaroo right now . My god ! I love this fucking band and I want to see them live SO BAD !!!! 
Looking good , feeling good . Also , does anyone want to see The Flaming Lips September 27 at the Paramount Theater in Seattle ? I think I am going to buy my ticket today or tomorrow . 
Well , that is that . I will be seeing The Flaming Lips in september . FUCK YES !!!! 
NPR has a live Modest Mouse concert they are streaming ... needless to say , I am quite enjoying that . Excellent . And I recorded a song today ! God , do I ever shut up about music ? I mean , come on me ... I think I speak for everyone when I say I'm getting a little old with that shit . 
Blue Cadet-3 , do you connect ? 
You don't want to end up old and lonely like ZOIDBERG ! 
I guess I need to figure out directions to the dunes ... 
And I'm lonesome when you're around ... 
< PROPMALE > Coyne , my newest hero . He has solidified his place in just all around amazingness in my mind with the likes of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Takin ' a trip to Blue < PROPFEMALE > City and I've brought the oranges . 
< PROPFIRST > Tosh is a wonderful man . I might have to go see him in November on his stand-up tour . 
I am enjoying this Ugly Casanova ! Don't know why I haven't looked them up before ... 
Writing music went well for me today I'd say . Although I have no voice , so singing isn't going well . I need to take it easy on my voice these next couple days . 
Goddamn do I say some stupid things sometimes . Oh well . I try not to care , only deal with it . Now I shall go for a run ... after another beer . 
The newest episode of Tosh . 0 is on right now ! It's the greatest day of my life ! 
It overtakes me , it overtakes me , it overtakes me , oh why ? 
Oh man , today was a little rough , but now I am here in Oly , and all is well . 
So you put a row of mailboxes in front of my car on my way home last night ... well played universe . Got to make sure I don't get too cocky .... or have any money ... 
Turn it on and all the way up ... 
Goddamn ... I know a lot of people really like the song Maps by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs , but I just can't freakin ' get over it right now . I just love that song ... 
< PROPMALE > Smith , you are always willing to keep me company ... 
Malibu nights , tangerine dreams ... 
I Heart Huckabees , Southland Tales or Kiss Kiss Bang Bang ?.... I can't decide ! Dammit ! 
You said ' I hope you live forever . ' Don't you wish that on me . You said ' don't be clever . ' 
HA ! Take that universe . I had a freakin ' great time last night , despite your best efforts . Suck it !.... although I still need my front screen door fixed . 
Within the first five minutes of the movie in Mystery Science Theater 3000 , there was an awesome < PROPMALE > Vonnegut reference and The Gods Must Be Crazy Reference ... oh I love that show . 
< PROPFEMALE > Danza Man 
True Lies and Pizza and Corona ... awesome . 
I found my copy of Fashion Nugget ! I can tell this is going to be a good day . 
The first scene in It Might Get Loud is the coolest thing I have ever scene ... It proves how much of a baller < PROPFIRST > White truly is . 
I know it's getting to a pathetic level when I am proud of having a friendly and cute interaction with the cute check out girl at the grocery store .... I am at an unhealthy level of too single ... 
Sometimes I feel like my life is just one big joke to the eye in the sky . 
< PROPMALE > Smith . 
The Fearless Freaks ... my god . I feel so fortunate to be seeing them in the fall , and to be a part of one of the most interesting , beautiful , tragic , happy and unique events in the history of life ... and the event is the existence of The Flaming Lips . 
White Americans , what , nothin ' better to do ? Why don't you kick yourself out , you're an immigrant too ! 
Latest music documentary - The White Stripes : Under Great White Northern Lights ..... I can't even express myself right now . That was a beautiful beautiful thing I just experienced . I fall in love every time I watch something like this . 
The needle broke on my record player ... sad day ... 
How < PROPFIRST > Broke His Head is most excellent so far . Only about a third left . It's essentially like reading about myself ten years in the future . 
One month ... One month until I get to witness < PROPMALE > Coyne , < PROPMALE > Drozd and < PROPFIRST > Ivins ' brilliance ... 
I don't feel safe in this world no more , I don't want to die in a nuclear war , I want to sail away to a distant shore and make like an apeman . 
And you'll be better , you'll be smarter , more grown up and a better daughter or son ... 
I'm gonna go see Built to Spill in November ! The Flaming Lips in less than 3 weeks , and then Built to Spill after that !!!! So stoked !!!!!!!!! 
Look at me ! I'm < PROPMALE > Gable ! Guitars and rad chords are sooooo cool . Transformers 2 was the worst movie ever . I like watching goats do goat things . Vroom vroom go Geo go ! 
We're all embracing conventional wisdom in a world that's just so unconventional . 
\There's so much desk space . I feel like CEO of < PROPFIRST > Incorporated . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Atkinson . " 
Four more days !!! Oh man , I haven't been this excited since that time I ordered that breakfast making machine . But in all seriousness , only a couple more days until The Flaming Lips !!!!! 
\Just a couple of pals pal-ing around in paltown\ " < PROPFIRST > Atkinson " 
See the leaves , they're dying again . 
We'll diffuse bombs and walk marathons and take home whatever together . 
Modest Mouse + painting + beer .... the best cure for boredom I have come up with so far . 
\One man's trash is another squirrel's treasure\ " -Me " 
Take that Assess 2.0 , I just figured out how to properly analyze my data with you . Booyah . 
Listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Martsch bend some halos . 
I Miss < PROPFEMALE > , Heart Very Much 
New Death Cab for Cutie album ! This is the best thing to happen since the Flaming Lips concert . Spring of next year , I'll be waiting for you . 
< PROPMALE > Gibbard concert on All Songs Considered .... thank you NPR ... thank you . 
A single pillow underneath my single head . 
One week until < PROPMALE > Martsch blesses my ears with the sounds of brilliance . 
Park that car , drop that phone , sleep on the floor , dream about me . 
Hey ! I am planning on playing Open Mic Night at < PROPMALE>'s this Monday night . Anyone in Pullman that night , you should come out and stuff . 
9 pm tonight ! I will be at < PROPMALE>'s to play some songs ! Come if you have the < PROPMALE > and want to . 
Well , it looks like weather might keep me from seeing Built to Spill tonight . 
Built to Spill was pretty damn good . My ears are still ringing . 
3 weeks until LA ... I can't wait ! 
Whenever I breathe out , you're breathing in ... 
I'm on the < PROPFEMALE > payment plan . 
Every night she falls and when she does it's with a nowhere nothin ' fuckup ... 
Though it was brief , I am glad I was able to enjoy the company yesterday of < PROPFIRST > Manley , < PROPFIRST > Manley and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
\I'm porcupining for you\ " - < PROPFIRST > Atkinson " 
Why does it always feel like I'm caught in an undertow ? 
Fantastic Mr. Fox ... there's something kind of fantastic about it . 
It was something special while it lasted The White Stripes ... but we will always have your music to enjoy and appreciate . 
I think I really need to go to Sasquatch this year . I think I really really really need to go this year . 
Is anyone I know still going to Sasquatch ? 
The stars are projectors , projecting our lives onto this planet earth . 
You were gone and I was home , calling around ... but nothing was found worthwhile . 
Oh Codes and Keys ... I will be anxiously awaiting your release . 
A new album and a new live DVD , Death Cab are making May 31st into what is going to be a very good day ... 
One last thing before I quit , I never wanted any more than I could fit into my head , I still remember every single word you said , and all the shit that somehow came along with it ... 
Yesterday was a good day . A very good day . 
Attention citizens of Pullman . I will be playing open mic night at < PROPMALE>'s tomorrow . It starts at 9 pm for those interested . 
Come to < PROPMALE>'s Open Mic Night tonight ! I will be playing ! 
Yo April , don't cut me no slack . 
The past couple days have been good days . Very good days . 
Awww !!! Flaming Lips Gummy Skull !!! I want one ! 
I've tried twice before , but like this it just would not last ... 
