happy as can be 

welcome to the thunder dome bitch !!!!!!!!! lmao 
i love my country but the people in charge are fuckin morons , thats my comment for today :) 
dam i need a job . 
i have a big burrito !!!! 
it puts the lotion on its skin !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
please dont send me game requests . i do not have the time to mess with them . world of warcraft takes up all my game time . thanks 
i like hotdogs 
don't know whats going on , and don't care 
what i didn't hear that ! 
wooo hooo < PROPMALE > is dead . now we need to get rid of the rest of the senate . that means both sides !!!!!! 
im tired and in lotttsss of pain woo hooo lucky me lol 
got school today hoo haa 
go bama go on saturday i so happy football is back !!! 
woo hoo bama won hehe haha im loven it 
today is a new day with new problems and new broken dreams ... 
im so happy that fl state lost hehe . 
goooo steelers 
im seeing things for the first time in my life , for what they are 
bama 4-0 
gigity gigity 
i cant w8 for bama to kick UK's ass come on game 
What what what thats right bamma 5-0 bitches 
roll tide 6-0 oh hell yea !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im mad as hell at the hacker that hacked into my wow account and ganked all my stuff , id like to take a sledge hammer to their fingers , and turn their bones to dust 
ok what the hell is wrong with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , coach needs to bench his ass for the rest of the year 
the new hatebreed cd is the best one yet . if you like metal , you need to get it now !! 
well back to world of warcraft !!!! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the FIRST memory you have of me and you that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you ! 
BAMA 1 0-0 whatcha gona do 
come on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > you big pussy you have to tackle the dude running the ball , not jump out of the way you jackass .. 
bama does it agine im ready for next weekend 
BAMMA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WINS SEC WOOO HOOO 
bbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
im ready to watch bama whip some ass tomorrow woot woot !!!!! 
BAMMMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WINS NAT CHAMP HELL YEA 
dam no more sec football im sad now i need a new excuse to drink beer 
dam you farve !!!! way to go 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using FOUR words or less , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste in your status and see what funny things your friends say . ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . 
im hurting dam you gym but its worth it 
fjmjrtuj , kedhjuhde5 ujed5uy6uuji6rty7ue43y63e6yehyuujnvhjnchse5yw4yt5eyhrthu5trhuyfhryh5rtyhe5ry5re 
wassup 
well i just wiped it out and stepped on it at the gym , the one time a say something . about a chick at the gym its to her boyfriend lol . boy was he pissed , its a good thing im a big ass dude he left the gym after my comment 
school sucks 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beatuiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart Ass 19 : Flirt . 20 : A Friend 
Please copy/ paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head.so do us allone solid smack someone now . 
wow my pecker grew to 10 inches today 
im tired 
dam what a shity day my dog died today 
what 
what didn't hear YOU !!! 
This < PROPFEMALE > will self destruct in 5 sec !!!! 
yo yo yo yo yo yo whats up ya bastadidges 
yes on break from school !! no more tests for a few weeks 
[] D [] [] V [] [] D 
don't make me show you my pimp hand !! 
I got a bad head today thanks to my budy MR > jacky D n coke 
i got my truck back together and i hit the timeing just right runs like a beast now woo hoo 
! @#$%^& ! @#$%^& *!@#$%^&** &^%$#@ ! 
dam dog chewing up the lazy boys in the living room i had to spank her ass for that one . i think she will think twice about doing that agine .... this puppy shit is getting very old fast . 
feed me semore 
BITCH\ 
MAKE ME A SANDWICH ! Lets get to 100 Likes !!! Invite friends , \ 
ill even make you admin if you do ! 
bla bla 
dirty sanchez was hear 
dam school spanish and algerbra ! @#$%^& 
spanish class is fun algerbra sucks no wonder i had a headace all day yesterday . 
On this memorial day between beers and partys make sure to honor the heroic men and women who have given their lives to keep out country free . May your haert be filled with memories , gratitiude and peace . also remember to thank a vet because they served for you . 
buelman out 
good weekend so far woo hoo 
It's tradition for the U.S. President to lay\ 
a wreath in Arlington National Cemetery at the Tomb of the Unknown \ 
Soldier on Memorial Day ..... but it won't happen this year . The President\ 
is taking a vacation to Chicago !!! Way to show respect to those who \ 
have given their life to protect this nation ! If you agree this is \ 
... wrong , copy and post it to your FB page !.... Now that is just \ 
terrible !!! 
nice day today 
gots me ajob interview tomorrow ohh boy lets see if i get lucky ... 
ok now i get to take a piss test lol and a background check and i should be < PROPFEMALE > 
good ol vo and coke got me drunk and hollow eyed woo hoo lets party . 
someone please donate a still to me so i can make wiskey 
hello 
sup 
likes Attempting to give a fuck : ??????????????????? ] 99% \ 
Complete ... ERROR ! : Unable to give a fuck . 
you got to say that was funny 
fear will always keep your ass alive its when you lose fear thats when you get your ass killed . stay allert stay alive woooa !!! 
how about that heat ,, cause ima asshole assholeo 
i think we had a tornader 
off today and its hot outside allready 
i am exausted and i just woke up 
solo is cool 
@##%@#%@@%@@#@ ! #$ 
How a bout a glass of shut the hell up ?? 
want in one hand and shit in the other , oh darn im knee deep in shit . 
hey yall check out < PROPMALE > burnham on you tube he is funny as hell 
i need a million dollars , who wants to give it to me 
im off to see the wizzard 
Internet is for porn you silly people 
monkeys are flying around picking up footballs 
dam im dam tired 
hea lets go comunist wooo hooo go obama go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i need some of your money mr spred it around , pay my dam bills ok ... 
dam im so ready for collage foosball to < PROPFEMALE > back go roll tide 
Yep its official im batshit crazzy emm cookie i did it all for the cookie !! 
i just woke up and im still tired i think ill go back to bed for the rest of the day 
Don't talk about it be about it . 
emm no work today 
to be continued 
Back to the future = = = = = = = = = = = = * 
oh yo < PROPMALE > fo so 
yep im done with the bed liner ... i never want to do one ever again way to much work . 
im so tired did not sleep for shit last night argh !!!!!!!!! 
just woke up from a good nap and i feel great 
well im off to work for a day of fun filled helping clueless people get car parts . i live for this shit .... i have the best job in the world hehe and you don't . 
I woke up this morning and i put on my shoes because i didn't wana where my sneakers . 
today is show me your boobs day can i get a face full 
thanks for all b-day wishes 
yep still sick as shit dam sinus infucktion 
wow i don't feel like my head is in a vice anymore i just feels like i got hit with a baseball bat much better today thanks to mega doses of antibody's in a few more days i should be me again 
when is oduma's term over ?? answer not soon enough . we need to start the revolution now since our gvt is a fail this is not what < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > had in mind in 1776 .. don't get me wrong i love my country and i want it fixed people need to stop voting without knowing what you are voting for get more involved be a part of the solution not the problem . get all these good old boy out of congress and get new blood in 
i like < PROPFIRST > Daniels black i chew tobacco from a mail pouch sac no < PROPMALE > burning stove no natural gas and if that aint country ill wipp your ass !!!!!!!!!!!! 
LIBERAL ( noun ): An open-minded individual who's brain has fallen out . ( See Also : Obama , Democrats , Satan ) 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!! ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!! Do\ 
not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a \ 
one foot in the grave is no way to live life stick both in don't half ass it son ... 
are farts supposed to be lumpy 
yep Friday came and went and i was to dam busy to notice . 
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel it just slipped .. 
Born to Kill forced by society to live by there rules but there should be an exception for morons ... 
i looking for the dam pink elephant that keeps talking under my desk 
wow that new BUN_B cd is the shit for a rap cd more like old skool ugk go get it yo 
what's up yall 
my foot herts droped a dam battery on it 
uaa uaa haua haua haua uaa haua haua 
hay baby you me a car battery and some jumper cables lets get it on 
blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa blaaaaaaaaaa 
some asshole hit my truck today and bent the bumper and broke the grill and light ... i'm not a happy camper i hate fucktards that don't have any respect for others shit 
tomorrow is going to be a good day bama on the boob tube some crown < PROPMALE > black I'm gona watch bama kick some ass ROLL TIDE ROLL !!!!!!!!!!! 
wow penn state sucks in first half nice go roll tide 
bama is awesome 
< PROPMALE > was hear 
bama slitley killed duke yesterday what 
time for son's got to go bitches 
do it at a medum pace 
morning wood sucks with no one to chop it lol 
please come and look into the mind of a mad man , tell me what you see , does it scare you or do you want more . good day all 
hot damn shit 
workin hard all day , master got me workin 
im off to worky 
fighting cavites 
mtn dew 
deomeo 
hi 
today has been a poo day glade its over 
today was not a poo day just busy ass hell wow im tired 
A politician sees his/her family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C-130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra ... rations . A politician vows to defend their c ... ountry ; a soldier actually keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS ! 
whats up usc how the hell do you go from beating bama to losing to ketucky haha 
i knew it was a fluke go bama go 
@#$% 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !! Yet we donate billions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 99% of the people on facebook won't have the spine or guts to repost this ! I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you 
cmon 330 bama takes the feild 
workin hard all day the master got me workin 
i tired 
to all you crazy people stay out of my way and stay out of my store 
whats up yo 
well today sucked I busted my ass on the sidewalk and it was not fun im gona be sore tomorrow lol .. 
yep still sore 
yep its the 23 of nov 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody 
cmon bama pull your head out of you ass 
feelings what the hell are thoes ? i dont have any 
mop mop all day long mop mop wile i sing this song im gona wax this floor gona make it shine take up the ...................... ( who can finish this song ? ) 
sweet i got the HID\S in the truck better hope your not in front of me cause you will be blind dim bitches are bright can't w8 till dark " 
wow i did not realize that i was on the morning shit today till 1 ; 00 oclock this morning that will teach me not to look at the dam time sheet 
good job < PROPFIRST > p nice game changer 
well im off to bed gota wake up at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > for work 
Cool the sing off is on 
come out night time i wana see my new HID lights i put in the bonaville .. they should light up the road alott better than the old hallagins 
i crack myself up sometimes 
why do they call it hump ? its not like we all hump all day today 
off to work arrgh !!! 
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
wow i have not been this sick since never yesterday sucked at least i feel better today and now off to work but its gona be a ruff one because im about 10% 
well the car just took car of my next two pay checks , and not in a good way i got a blown intake gasket thank god i can do all the work myself and i get my parts at a good discount .... its nice that i have two good vehicles now so when one breaks i can drive the other . 
super bowl bitches 
dam i love tits 
dear penis , i dont think i like you any more 
off to the lodge then to montroes to see < PROPMALE > coker play his ass off ... yall join me in a drink i dont get out much you know 
i had fun tonight and meet some interesting peeps wow now i remember why i dont like going out by myself its funner with people i care aboot but i did see my cool girl < PROPFEMALE > . 
no comment 
Today is the dau we remember the victoms of the Saint Valentines day massacre right ? 
bow chicka 
just show them to me now and shut up 
If i ever offend anyone please call my complante hott line 1-800-eat7448 
this freekin headace just will not stop this is bs on my first weekend off in mts 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 87% of people won't re-post ... this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half of you won't read the instructions right ... 
You and I wake up in the psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well ... Be a good sport and play along . 4 words is harder than u think 
hey babbbby 
i need a ??? 
the voices in my head are not being nice today . watch it sucka !!! 
what is up your butt 
it's yellow shit time all over my truck and car boooo 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT\ 
. 
\I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones who will !! Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are .... fighting . I hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends \"" 
tru love is when you can not live without each other and when appart all you think of is getting back together . and you would give your life for them .. geee is that to much to ask for ?? 
i am so tired but i got that dam moter out of that truck what a bitch that was . i hope the new one goes in easy with no bs 
who ;s the man with the master plan 
im not much for reality tv but the voice is dam good 
well osama is dead now we need to vote obama out and it will be a better world thats my opinion and no need for debate 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found Bin Laden and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! 
its time for me to drink some tiger blood 
happy cinco de mayo bust out the tokillya 
This is bs dam cold in the summer not cool at all I feel like crap 
