wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with her 

well i think im gonna make it official fuck my life 
dude seriously comming up on 36 hours no sleep what the hell is wrong with me 
its fuckin hottttttt 
so uhhh someone remind me why summer is so great when i cant even go out side without freakin melting 
man im tired 
going to bed help < PROPFIRST > move all day im < PROPFEMALE > tired 
about to party up like there is no tomorrow 
MOBSTERS 2 is dank as hell and super addicting damn 
gonna go see dope in detroit tomorrow !!!!!!! 
what the fuck happened to the peace and love .... who planted that glove man i dont care im too busy running fingers through your mommas hair 
inglourious bastards was the greatest movie ever 
its my birthday :) 
god damn football practice 
GAME TIME 
anybody wanna go to a tigers game today i have an extra ticket you can come for free if you wann go call me 430-5461 
they are teaching us alot like there aint no good in an evil hearted woman and i aint cut out to be no < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and you dont go writin hotchecks down in mississippis and there aint no good chain gang 
i think im starting to get depressed 
got those gun in the mouth blues 
i wanna be happy .... just for 1 hour 
the booth needs to get the fuck out of the saints game 
Saints super bowl called it since week 1 
fuck the school board 
god i want to start a fight club so bad 
damn it mrs. yoder why do you hate pencils , my pen keeps dying and its pretty hard to write these logs 
oh i see what you did there you took a hard working musicians record and intentionally scratched and made it go * vika vika vika * your not a musician your a fucking thief of music your a record player player 
self improvement is masturbation , now self destruction ..... 
its only after you give up everything can you do anything 
im sick of seeing a billion ads for diet pills its called working out . best weight loss product ever . the Neanderthals used it 
you are not a perfect beautiful unique snowflake you are made of the same decaying organic matter as everyone else 
stuff just pisses me off sometimes 
bad religion is the greatest band ever 
wont somebody please come up with something , because jesus doesnt seem to be impartially working , and all the rest are really down in the ratings , while everyone is right here waiting 
ouch health care 
rammstein is amazing 
< PROPMALE > language suits heavy metal music . French might be the language of love , but < PROPMALE > is the language of anger 
a young man and a scientist sit under a tree . looking up the young man says what is the meaning of life ? the scientist says thats easy . the scientist then says what is the square root of a tomato ? the young man says thats a dumb question . The scientist says : exactly ! 
26 on ACT 
GOING TO SEE < PROPFIRST > ROLLLINSSSSSSS IN < PROPMALE > OHIO rock on < PROPMALE > 
random guy at concert : i hate nirvana . < PROPMALE > johnson : well i hate you . 
oh shit where is my bass strap .... oh shit wait there is my guitar hero control , and a strap that fits . eureka ! if anyone says guitar hero never helps you play real music they are lying 
cant sleep 
\i thought we were a big < PROPMALE > rock band ... we should have a whole bunch of guitars\ " < PROPMALE > cobain " 
\If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first . \ " < PROPMALE > Cobain " 
totally made nhs 
sinus surgery went well feeling alot better 
mind goes a mile a minute , and the work wont let me go to rest , and i still have nothing 
I guess I should've did something about my anger But I never learn Real things I don’t concern I pour kerosene on everything I love And watch it burn I know it’s my fault But I wasn’t happy it was over 
watching clockwork orange then pink < PROPMALE > the wall . not a good mixture ... im quite horrified 
Jamming some < PROPMALE > III and reading some Kafka , life is good . 
generic last day of school status 
since when is it okay for all good bands to conform ? 
I had visions , i was in them , I was looking into the mirror . To see a little bit clearer . The rottenness and evil in me . 
If you are a big tree , we are the small axe ready to cut you down . stop rewarding big business for screwing up . 
\No lemonade 
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination . 
spending the 4th alone is quite depressing 
bored as hellll 
i have only 2 great loves in this life . Books and House 
I have 3 great loves in my life books House and < PROPFIRST > . 
i need a vacation from my vacation 
Thinking about stealing an airplane , crashing it into a cardboard box , but make sure no bats get out . THERE ARE ALWAYS BATS 
do you know < PROPFIRST > durden ? 
there is no money , theres no possession's , only obsessions , i dont need that shit . take my money take my possessions take my obsessions i dont need that shit 
clever status update 
strongman comp Saturday !!! 
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain \ 
I like watchin ' the puddles gather rain \ 
And all I can do is just pour some tea for two \ 
and speak my point of view \ 
But it's not sane , It's not sane 
getting nervous for the comp Saturday . 100 feet is a long way to walk with 180 pounds in each hand 
took first place in my strong man meet !!!! 
Being human in a vampire world is about as safe as going bareback on a five dollar whore 
This is not what it is , only baby scars . I need your love , like a boy needs his mother's side . 
Pretty bored . Text or call 
The droid two is the best thing since slice .... no screw sliced bread . Its the best thing since food . 
last day of summer ... thank god 
does anybody know the ap bio enrollment key ????? 
I get it , a mosque would be weird to have near the site of the world trade center , but seriously are you fucking kidding . Should we not allow any Japanese people near < PROPFEMALE > Harbor ? Should they ban all < PROPMALE > people from going into Poland , < PROPFEMALE > , Russia , Berlin , < PROPMALE > ( Etc . ) . This is officially where i denounce any connection to the conservative party and go liberal . 
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty . Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old 
Every dog has like me the impulse to question , and I have like every dog the impulse not to answer . 
all i can say is that my life is pretty plain\ 
I like watching puddles gather rain 
the consumers guys outside are yelling to eachother using megaphones . I feel like im in communist russia 
im about to go all office space on this printers ass 
How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with , say , my knowledge of my room . 
I write differently from what I speak , I speak differently from what I think , I think differently from the way I ought to think , and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness , 
Going to see off with their heads and bad religion tomorrow !!!!!! 
just watched a debate between < PROPFIRST > dawkins and a creationist . Creationists make me want to beat my head against the wall 
so amazing , bad religion played a 1 and a half hour set 
Theres no vestige of beginning , no prospect of an end . When we all disintegrate it will all happen again . 
I hate field research 
A bitter debate and a feminine fate lie in tandem like two precious babes . While the former gets warmer , it's the latter that matters , except on nation's airwaves . And custodians of public opinion state facts after vainly discussing her rights . Lay hands off her body , It's not your fuckin ' life . 
I have a dream : giraffes will rule this planet . < PROPFIRST > my words , it will be giraffes on top with pandas lions and elephants just below 
i totally love the twilight zone 
I AM THINKING THOUGHTCRIMES 
Every day I wanderIn negative disposition , as I'm bombarded by superlatives . Realizing very well that I am not alone . Introverted , I look to tomorrow for salvation , but I'm thinking altruistically . And a wave of overwhelming doubt , turns me to stone 
Hearing Obama speak is like listening to Shakespeare having sex with a bottle of Courvoisier 
I've got an infectious case of the fuck-its 
seriously , as a nation , can we get rid of < PROPFEMALE > palin . 
damn it republicans are winning the elections . I better start reading the bible so i can understand what their legislation means . 
pundit \would you say these republican victories are at tsunami level\ " \ 
The first task of the doctor is ... political : the struggle against disease must begin with a war against bad government . \ Man will be totally and definitively cured only if he is first liberated .. " 
anybody that is thinking about buying black ops .... dont buy reach , black ops is not very good 
I don't wanna be sick anymore . Can't breathe , passed out on the floor . I'm not walking through hospital doors today . 
oh biology how i love you 
stress is at about a 54 
dear math , \ 
I am not your therapist , solve your own problems . 
186 days till graduation 
life is the crummiest book i ever read there isn't a hook just a lot of cheap shots pictures to shock and characters an amateur would never dream up . Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction 
Im all depressed now . I just found out that Beck is a scientologists 
gah it is wayy too hot out 
holy crap this ap bio thing is working . I understood everything said during a differential on house . 
damn it history ! stop burning our most important books ! 
hey Kalamazoo , let me in already !!!! 
Got the bad religion 30 year vinyl boxset life is good 
Tell me what we're fighting for\ 
I don't remember anymore , \ 
only temporary reprieve \ 
\ 
And the world might cease \ 
if we fail to tame the beast \ 
from the faith that you release \ 
comes an atheist peace . 
beats pros are the greatest damn invention ever . 
there nothing to fear but fear itself .... and bears 
What the world needs now is some accountability , we can't buy more time because time won't accept our money , if your soul needs love you can always have my pity , but it looks as though faith alone won't sustain us anymore . 
EARLY 90'S MUSIC WHY DID YOU HAVE TO GO\ 
I LOVE-ED YOU ! \ 
I LOVE-ED YOU ! 
As the great warrior poet ice cube once said\ 
if the day does not require an AK\ 
the day is good 
We don't have a great war in our generation , or a great depression , but we have a great war of the spirit . We have a great revolution against the culture . The great depression is our lives . We have a spiritual depression . 
seriously they need to offer a life class that teaches you how to live in the real world , and how to deal with the trials and tribulations of life . Other than being a pseudo intellectual , in terms of life an reality , i got nothing . 
I need a little time off for bad behavior\ 
The devil in me done been asleep too long\ 
It looks like I've been too good for too long 
modern man evolutionary betrayer \ 
modern man ecosystem destroyer \ 
modern man destroy yourself in shame\ 
moodern man pathetic example of earth's organic heritage 
I really want to give a fuck but i just cant 
your concern has been noted , and i dont give a fuck 
You gotta keep on dreamin ' , cause when you stop dreamin ' it's time to die . 
ctrl+w 
I'm so tired of being alone , \ 
I'm so tired of on-my-own , \ 
won't you help me , girl , \ 
just as soon as you can . 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism . To steal from many is research . 
Damn stomach flu , damn snow , damn this whole winter . Is spring ever going to come ? 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a witch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . You know who you are 
lets get < PROPFIRST > bieber deported . 
SCHOOL IS CLOSED FOR TOMORROW 
I am an officially a University of Detroit Titan 
there is a moment coming\ 
its not here yet\ 
almost\ 
not quiet\ 
oh here it is\ 
shit its gone 
Boy , the next words out of your mouth better be some fucking brilliant < PROPFIRST > twain shit because it is definitely getting chiseled on your tombstone . 
So stressed out that all i want to do is go outside and stare at the stars . 
School delayed 2 hours ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aBYNORgw6E&feature=player_embedded 
getting livid 
Floccinaucinihilipilification 
only if north korea didnt have weapons of mass distruction , didnt pose a threat towards < PROPFEMALE > , and had oil 
I'm so adjective that I verb nouns !! 
Thats it , way too stressed , gonna go watch < PROPMALE > wonka and the chocolate factory ( the real one ) . 
\Sane is < PROPMALE > and powerful . Insane is wrong and poor and weak . The < PROPMALE > are Free 
89 days till graduation 
We as humans ask questions like if < PROPFIRST>'s a mouse , and < PROPFEMALE>'s a mouse , and < PROPFIRST>'s a duck , and < PROPFEMALE > and Goofy , if they're all animals and they can talk\ 
Why is Pluto just a fucking dog ? \ 
Did they just forget to anthropomorphize him or worse , is < PROPFIRST > keeping him mentally handicapped to stay a pet ? \ 
I'm not , how does that fit in to that universe , that paradigm\ 
Goofy's a dog , he's talking\ 
This one , crawling around 
you know , in 66 million years all of those men woman and children who have died for oil , will in fact be oil 
$ 44,262 a year in scholarships , meh ill take it . 
i dont get this idea of trickle down , its like this idea that the top 1% is a ballon that gets so full of money that it finally explodes , and rains down on all of us . 
The most ironic juxtaposition of words possible in the entire English language is : Intelligent Design . 
Men build things , then we die . It's in our DNA thats what we do , and when it all falls down , we build it back up . 
Totally just bumped into < PROPFIRST > Rollins before the show 
SFW ! 
Great day 
damn it all 
