happy national hangover day .... 

i need to clear my mind 
Feel fine , I've kissed the lies . Why must they be so kissable ? 
just kidding . i guess im not gay 
Watching my little brother . Surgery today was a success ! 
Long night just got longer . Don't let this become another K.I. situation 
Going to try and get some shuteye . Long day tomorrow 
These Darvocet got me wandering around aimlessly . Oh well , they take the edge off 
Bored . There's nothing to do at my dads . Someone talk to me ! 
Patiently waiting for my picture :) 
Watching south park : bigger , longer , and uncut . Best movie ever ^_^ 
chillin at the crib . plans ? 
chillin with my dad , watching law and order . talk ? 
he fuckng shot him !!! 
when one door closes , another opens <3 
I haven't been home for a while , I'm sure everything's the same Mom and Dad both in denial , an only child to take the blame Sorry , Mom , but I don't miss you , father's no name you deserve I'm just a kid with no ambitions . Wouldn't come home for the world 
Chillin with the pops . Ill be back in westland tomorrow morning . Plans ? 
Quote of the day : \Watch your thoughts ; they become words . Watch your words ; they become actions . Watch your actions ; they become habits . Watch your habits ; they become character . Watch your character ; it becomes your destiny . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Outlaw " 
She's got it out for me , but I wear the biggest smile :D 
Second chances : they don't ever matter , people never change . Once a whore you're nothing more , I'm sorry , that'll never change . And about forgiveness , we're both supposed to have exchanged . I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > , but I passed it up , now look this way . 
I like beastiality just as much as the next guy , just dont cuddle with me afterwords 
so tell me , did you fall for a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ? 
bored . text ? 7513713 
< PROPFIRST > Swift will you be my wife ? 
where did i go wrong ? 
Ive started to realize that the best thing for me is to run away , no matter how hard it is . I am going to start focusing on me and hopefully this will fade away . Hopefully ... 
talk to me like a man , crybaby 
i was told today that i look like the lead singer of enter shikari 
And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town . I haven't seen it in awhile , since he brought you down . You say you're fine , I know you better than that . Hey , what you doing with a guy like that ? 
\It's crazy how a little ball of lint can turn into a giant clusterfuck\ " - < PROPMALE > Cook " 
What is he thinking ? How not to go against me ? Smart . And its absurd how people < PROPFEMALE > on every word . I’ll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve . But I’ll never be served , my spot is forever reserved . If I ever leave earth , that would be the death of me first . ' Cause in my heart of hearts , I know nothing could ever be worse . That’s why I’m clever when I put together every verse 
remember people ; if you go to sonic , tip your carhops ! we only make 4$ an hour 
\Life's too short not to have an orgasm everyday\ " - < PROPFIRST > Lopez " 
today i had someone try and order bacon with their dr. pepper , diet pop mozzerella sticks , and a small jumbo popcorn chicken . people are idiots 
i want subway 
She sinks in my mind as she sheds through her skin 
Oh , the weather outside is weather 
Time isn't wasted when you're getting wasted 
someone bring me food 
just got off work ... phone isn't working , message me if you need me ! 
i am white , i am a fuckin bum , i do live in a trailer with my mom 
it feels good to get a day off ... and paid ! 
movies tonight anyone ? :) 
I'm a PC , and Windows 7 was my idea 
about to go bowling . can i bowl a 300 ? i think so 
anyone want to buy a brand new ps3 slim 120gb ? msg me for details 
fuck the snow .... i just busted my ass 
i need chapstick 
listening to < PROPFIRST > swift > listening to you 
i hate jealous bitches 
i blow stacks so its like i give head to my money 
< PROPFIRST > is the best song ever . Period . 
fuck .... i have to wake up at 8 tomorrow , and i cant sleep 
Success is my only motherfucking option ; failure's not . Mama love you , but this trail has got to go , i cannot grow old in Salems Lot . So here I go is my shot , feet fail me not . This may be the only opportunity that i got 
tell me how i go from bowling a 135 to a 247 and 245 ? Consistency isn't my thing ... 
Why should I take your hand when you can't promise happy endings ? 
I'm so glad I'm not stuck in the same pitfall I have been the past 5 years . Today tought me that some things never change , and some people never mature 
I hate how girls always put those dumbass \fish\ " face pictures as their profile pictures ... " 
Ain't that a B with an ITCH , ain't that a mouther trucker you can go to H-E-double hockey sticks and F yourself , because I'm flippin gosh darn sick of all the S-words you put me through , so F-U 
I just hopefully got rid of her once and for all . Time for me to move on with my life , and leave you in the dust 
what are some good slow dance songs ? 
Sometimes my balls itch < PROPFEMALE > much . It's like the epitome of itch just absorbs itself into the being of my balls and no matter how much I scratch it just keeps staying itchy 
Inb4 facebook gets flooded with millions of \happy new year ! \ " status '" 
Motivation . 
My resolutions : continue my education and my training , dunk on someone over 6 ' , and continue on my walk with god 
T minus two inches 
Selfishly hated , no wonder you're jaded 
about to go to work ... then two days off ! that would be great if i didnt start school wednesday ... 
Cowards die many times before their deaths ; The valiant never taste of death but once 
three of the last four years , the lions have had one of the top two picks .... 
school tomorrow at 930 . half excited , half nervous . maybe i should go to bed ... 
just got out of my last class ... i have a feeling this is going to be easy . hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , then hitting the gym later 
I still haven't learned my lesson ; Never leave the computer up while still signed onto FB . I am so lucky < PROPFEMALE > is so sweet and would never post anything terrible about me , or tell any stories that would be embarrasing ! 
Black lace 
finally got my laptop !! rock on ! 
its taking me hours to write a 2 minute long speech ....... 
fat bottom girls , you make the rockin ' world go round 
im a problem that'll never ever be solved 
first real test in college .... pretty easy . maybe this \applying myself\ " thing will get me somewhere " 
formspring.me/areakoff ask away !! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > thorton's a boss 
bowling in a few ... i see a 300 in my near future 
We like her , and we like cartoons 
starry night FTW 
woke up puking ... no school/work for me today 
We started making out , and she took off my pants . But then I turned on the tv 
We fell short this time , smile fades in the summer 
Caught in the moment , you can't control it & hearts ; 
It's raining men hallelujah , It's raining men , Amen ! I'm gonna go out . I'm gonna let myself get absolutley soaking wet , it's raining men . Hallelujah it's raining men every speciMEN . Tall , Blonde , dark , and < PROPFEMALE > , Ruff and tuff , and strong and mean !!!!! 
about to go to my last class ... god , i love public speaking ! < /sarcasm > 
if a kid refuses to sleep during nap time , is he guilty of resisting a rest ? 
thank you everyone for all your birthday wishes ! 
Suck my clip . Swallow my bullets , but dont you spit 
getting my ink in the morning , pictures soon to fallow ! 
got tattoo pic up ... whatcha think ? 
Kickin ' ass in the morning , takin ' names in the evening 
is about to get his < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on 
i just do not got the < PROPFEMALE > to deal with these cocky caucasions 
I baught some cargo pants the other day . I dont even cargo , they dont check at the register - anybody can buy those 
tell me why my psych professor feels she needs to focus on me about half the time while she gives her lecture .... 
I & hearts ; Testosterone 
you can tune a guitar , but you can't tuna fish 
As life goes on , im starting to learn more and more about responsibility . And i realize that everything i do is affecting the people around me . So I want to take this time out to apologize for the things I have done , and the things that haven't occured yet . And things that they dont want to take responsibility for 
I like my girls the same way I like my < PROPFEMALE > oil 
NEWS : The Energizer < PROPFEMALE > got arrested today , charged with battery 
im jack3d , ready to wreck havok 
WHEN THE GOING GETS THICKER MY GAME GETS SICKER 
You disagree ? Take the < PROPMALE > approach and bite me 
waking up early isnt so bad when you dont have to drive 20 minutes to school .... 
if someone starts rapping about reeses and m&m's , would they be notoriously known as the \candy rapper ? \"" 
about to get naked while soft hands softly carress my wet body 
Don't ever say I ain't nice . Nice like a butterfly ! 
i am more animal than the zoo allows 
f*ckin garbage men are whack jobs ... what dumbass puts a garbage can in the middle of the driveway ?! 
* flex * 
random funny thing to do : while taking a shit in a public bathroom , wait for someone to walk in and start chanting \epidural ! epidural ! \"" 
feels like he just put some brand new 24's on a brand new ride 
FLOCKA 
fell asleep at 430 .... 2 caffiene pills and 5 hours later , exam time 
im quick as a cheetah in my beetah 
HIIT FTW 
tell me how my dead lift went up 20 lbs and my vertical went up about an inch after one leg workout . At this rate ill be dunking by summer 
Bite me 
I love the girls who hate to love , because they're just like me 
Will I get back with her ? Probably . Then I thought about it , I won't . Do I really want to ? I don't . The headache I really don't want . So ima leave her alone , I can do better on my own . That's why she gone 
< PROPFIRST > Root you a pussy , hope you got 9 lives 
I feel the pressure- it's coming down on me , its turning me black and blue 
I've been hungry every couple hours , and sleeping like a log the past few days . Late growth spurt ? I think so ! 
dry your tears pussy , that's why dad left 
OBAMA for a communist < PROPFEMALE > ! 
you need to slit your wrists , get pissed , and go jump off a bridge 
you know you want me baby , you know i want you too 
REST IN PISS < PROPFIRST > McGowan !!! 
you're my boy , blue ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hardy is going to knock GSP tfo !!! 
GSP- you fight like a pussy 
I'm blue . If I were green , I would die 
im addicted to chatroulette.com 
single-handedly carried his team to first place today . CHEA ! 
there are two things that mesmorize me no matter how much I stare . One of them is the big dipper 
there was like , 10 people from my psych class sitting outside the empty classroom . I walk in , they all follow 
\Kim Kardashian is soooo sexy . Her butt is like a big mountain of pudding\ " - Butters " 
i act like shit don't phase me , inside it drives me crazy . My insecurities could eat me alive 
dinner with my mom at 1 , hopefully i dont need to go into work ... 
bi polar people need to be on medication 
stubborness will get you nowhere in life 
What's a goon to a goblin ? 
you never go ass to mouth ! 
about to rape the entire gym 
WATCH THIS VIDEO ! It proves that 911 was executed by the US government http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7E3oIbO0AWE 
The top gets higher , the more that i climb 
8% body fat and still no 6 pack .... WTF ?! 
your athletic abilities are inferior 
the word \negative\ " never brought me so much bliss " 
Never gave in , never gave up , I'm the only thing I'm afraid of 
Let go of all that we had , you know we've been down this road before . Pack your bags , dry your eyes , it'a a long walk from my house to 309 
You're a f*ckin coke head s*ut , I hope you f*ckin die . I hope you go to hell and satan sticks a needle in your eye 
DISCLAIMER : My last status was in no way , shape , or form directed towards anyone inparticular . Including , but not limited to , ex-girlfriends , and girls named < PROPFIRST > 
hmm ... chat is down apparently . someone message me , i wanna talk ! 
you shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house and if you got a glass jaw , you should watch your mouth 
b dubs with < PROPFEMALE > Smith !!! 
kicking ass , taking names 
Ima see if she complain when she got no lights 
Whitest quote ever : \You and my boyfriend would get along . He likes little < PROPMALE > too . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Lubas " 
\i dont have crotch rot\ " \ " get some gold bond\ " \ " I DONT HAVE CROTCH ROT ! \"" 
ehh ... not a good day . funerals suck . work 6-c 
Eat like a pig + workout like a slave = body like god 
who thinks 67 degrees is absolutely FREEZING ? 
about to go get huge , shredded , ripped , peeled , cut , ect . 
Testosterone spike ! 
feels like the north pole invaded my house 
I have a sudden urge to knock someone the fuck out 
Knuckles made of brass , feet made of lead . You fuck with me , ima kick you in the head ! 
my feet are so cold , i cant even feel my toes anymore 
thats right .... i finished my 3 < PROPFEMALE > exam paper that i forgot about an hour before class . GET AT ME 
Cant no dog outrun me ! 
1 ) ndamukong suh 2 ) < PROPFIRST > spikes/trent williams/bruce campbell/kyle < PROPMALE > 3 ) < PROPMALE > dawyer LIONS DREAM DRAFT RIGHT THERE 
HEY- where'd you get that fucking tortada ?! 
WTF ... c+ in math ?!? THAT CLASS WAS AN EASY A ! 
TO ALL YOU HATERS WHO SAID I WAS DONE GROWING : 1/4\ in the past month . Thats right . GET AT ME " 
give me some sugar ... i am your neighbor 
OEP FTW 
got my subs installed , bumpin 
' s best friend left him nice and sore today ( no homo ) 
I'm too much for these women , and three much for there ho's 
These * screw t9 .... 
When i throw a punch , i feel like my forearm is about to disconnect from my elbow 
To whom it may concern ; If you are going to have a negitive opinion about me , at least take the time to get to know me . If at that time you still have that negitive opinion , okay . Otherwise , get bent . Best regards , < PROPMALE > 
If you tempt me , my tank is on empty . No < PROPFEMALE > is in me , and if you offend me im lifting you ten feet , in the air I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - you need to start watching your 5 hole 
Trump card . Enough said . 
is a vegitarian . Meaning , he doesn't eat animals until he puts them in a vegitative state with his fists 
Guess what ? I am dead , dead to you as can be 
Dont trust a ho , never trust a ho , wont trust a ho 
Almost got hit by yet ANOTHER woman driver who thought it was necessary to fly into the sub division on my side of the road ... 
Go for broke 
Sometimes you just feel tired , you feel\ 
weak . And when you feel weak , you feel like you wanna just give up . But\ 
you gotta search within you , you gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit outta you . And get that motivation to not give up , and not be a quitter , no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse 
watching old football highlights makes me regret not working out in high school 
sick ... 
just witnessed a scrapbook disaster 
being sick the past few days has taken the wind out of my sails ... time to start being productive 
My car gives me the illusion im seated front row at a concert 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a bitch 
Killin ' it like a blind man reading 
fitness test stats : 7.9% bf , 108 curl , 18\ sit and reach . I wish I didn't have to work ... it's so damn nice out " 
Olivia : \Mommy's the man ! \"" 
Me : \My chest is getting pretty big\ " Olivia : \ " My chest is getting big too ! \"" 
All is lost again , but i'm not giving in 
You can avoid me all you want , at least i know im still in your head 
This tingly sensation is overwhelming 
2 jenson 6x9s in their own box , one 300 watt amp- $50 . Any takers ? 
HUGE 
Most people don't understand , but that's okay . Training is not a hobby or a social activity , it's a way of life . 
what good is tuna without mayo ? 
You look like an oompa loompa 
On my way to b dubs to watch the fights . Rampage over < PROPMALE > via knockut in the 2nd round 
The undercard sucks , hopefully the main event makes up for it . Rampage via KO 
I have a testosterone problem 
Take a look , and you can tell that im destined for greatness 
funnel cloud ? I hope so 
awesome workout today , work tomorrow 1230-about 5 , hittin GNC with my gold card , hittin the weights . BRING IT ! 
PRIMED , JACK3D , LETS GET IT ON ! 
I don't care how big you are or how big you get , remember you have to sleep sometime 
fuck you < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
WHERE IS MY PINK MAGIC ?! 
Almost got t-boned by a woman driving a semi .... 
quit crying like a bitch , hypocrit 
im so chingon 
identity theft fuckin sucks 
all my cards are officially unusable- you can have the $5 you prick , go buy yourself a fucking pizza 
Funnel cloud ? I think so 
You wish you were swole like me 
White castle employee : \what can i get for you\ " Me : \ " an order of huge with a side of big \"" 
when am I too big ? when I can't fit in elevators . when doors have to be altered for me . when I sink ships . when the earth trembles before me . when the sun is pulled toward my gravitational force . That's when . 
needs to stop leaving his facebook open 
growing 
DIRTY THIEVES AINT GOT NOTHIN ON ME 
Ive been down to the bottom , Ive done suffered a lot . I deserve to be < PROPMALE > - headed straight to the top 
How the hell could you stop me , why in the world would you try ? 
i wonder what the barbacue sauce was made with :( 
Tell me what do you see , when you lookin ' at me ? 
I go hard forever , that's just how im designed 
tonight is about to be interesting 
Psychadelic bro 
How in the hell can you stop me , why in the world would you try ? 
Training is not a hobby or a social activity , it's a way of life 
Leah : \they're from alaska ! How did they get here ? Isn't there an ocean between us and them ? \ " LOLOLOLOLOLOL " 
Adrenaline . 
I do believe in < PROPFEMALE > , however I am not a victim of it . For 1 ) my car died three days ago 2 ) I offered to let her use it and 3 ) it's none of your business anyways . You're just mad you had to watch someone else's kids , for a change 
I cant describe the vibe i get when i drive by 6 people and 5 i hit 
Deadliest catch , without the crabs 
* Now entering beast mode * 
I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away 
L-O-V-E's just another word I'll never learn to pronounce 
How stupid do you have to be to spray someone in the eyes with chemicals ? 
Off to cedar point ! 
They cant guess my weight ! 30 lbs off 
Woooooo !!! 
Overall a good day , a little hiccup but thats alright . Sunburn is painful 
Flat tire on the ride home . On the bright side , the stars are beautiful 
Finally back on the road , i just wanna lay in my bed 
SKYSCRAPER BIG 
Im addicted to loud music and bass 
I got a partner in crime , his shit is equally dope . You wont believe the type of shit that comes out this kids throat 
I hope a tornado picks me up and drops me off in a more extravagant workplace 
sick pump bro 
Fuck construction 
Success is my only mother fuckin option- failures not 
hit a new PR on squat today- 335x10 
LOL 
He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man 
Mistakes breed knowledge with the smart 
u mad brah ? 
My trainer told me to do situps to get buff , did two and a half and couldn't get up 
doesn't know how to run a dishwasher 
goodnight , facebook 
Feelin ' < PROPFEMALE > 
* Puke * 
funnel cloud ? 
im sick and tired of game playing .... 
3D muscles 
Sometimes it feels like I never moved out in the first place 
does not set out to shock or offend anyone , but does not try to prevent it either . I simply speak my mind 
You ain't nothin ' but a brological meathead 
Someone tell me why the xl gloves suffocate my hand .... 
you tryna get me in trouble brah ? 
32's are starting to feel like 34's 
Pure mesomorph 
lol .... jealousy rears it's ugly head :) 
3 days off the past 3 weeks .... damn , this weekend needs to get here . work 5-close , then off to my dads 
lookin hyoog bro 
Thank you for making me struggle , thank you for making me cry . I perfected my hustle- tell me the world ain't mine 
At the foot of the stairs with my fingers in your hair , baby this is it 
WOOOOO up north for the weekend . FINALLY some days off work , I've had two days off the past three weeks ! 
\I PERSONALLY GUARANTEE THAT THE < PROPMALE > CAVALIERS WILL WIN AN NBA\ 
look at cows they're big eat them and you'll be too 
what happens if you're driving at the speed of light and flip the headlights on ? 
Beating up little kids 
Guarding yourself from the love of another left you with nothing tonight 
you funny 
intense workout , feelsgoodman 
I dont really know who i'm close with anymore 
Snapped back to reality 
SICK AND TIRED OF WOMEN DRIVERS !!! /rant 
Try as you might , your efforts are futle 
no matter how far out of highschool you get , people never stop talking shit . Theres a nersery rhyme for the kiddies 
Get cut or die tryin ' 
that's right , i listen to simple plan while working out . U mad ? 
brbtakingnames 
Thank you - simple plan . My theme song at the moment 
Thats right , i just dropped a bomb . U mad ? 
\I'm excited nicks back\ " \ " Why ? He's only been back a day\ " ..... wtf ? " 
can't wait til college starts , I can't believe I'm saying that 
tomorrow's gonna be a good day , I can feel it 
gym with big < PROPMALE > , work at 5 . GET AT ME ! 
The stride mystery flavor is citrus mint- you can take it to the bank 
results son 
Woman driver just flicked me off because i motioned her to go faster ( she was going 25 in a 35 ) 
Today i gave a stranger money . Feelsgoodman 
Focus . Drive . Aggression . 
Performance > Vanity 
waking up at 12 everyday , feelsbadman . I need to change my sleep schedule 
You never find it if you're looking for it 
Someone tell me why a sick drum solo followed by an intense , adrenaline-pumping verse is the greatest thing in music 
train like God is watching 
jackass 2- you know a movie is funny when you lol by yourself 
Just smashed out on a rack of ribs 
I got called stupid today because i asked a customer if she wanted something other than a banana , because our bananas in the front were black . Oh , the irony 
I got this sh ! t on lock 
Never see me out , cause i live in my workplace 
Body fat : - . 2% . Weight- +2 lbs . That's the kind of body recomp I like to see 
being mentally strong . feelsgoodman 
The lord's blessings leave me lyrically inclined 
family reunion tomorrow , I really should start packing ! 
Sometimes I feel there's a big \S\ " on my chest " 
A constant wave of tension , on top of broken trust 
needs more music on his ipod 
< PROPFIRST > Swift is a goddess 
It's not the same , but who's to blame for all the stupid things I never said ? 
The straw that broke the camels back . Should i say something ? Nope , not even worth it 
flame on ! 
WHAT IS IT ABOUT THE LACK OF A Y CHROMOSOME THAT CAUSES PEOPLE TO DRIVE IN TWO LANES ? 
Rascal Flatts FTMFW 
question ... is a facebook invite to an event , like an official invitation ? Like if I show up will it be ... awkward ? 
never look back , never regret 
some random guy just stopped to help me jump my car . When it died again , he offered to drive me home . It's refreshing to know there are still good people in this world 
\Mung is what comes out when you push down on a pregnant woman's stomach\ " - South Park " 
shit just got real 
? (????) come at me bro ! 
it's sad when a 12 year old has a nicer phone than you ... 
here's the pitch , low and inside . * swing * ........ ......... ........ ........ AND THE CROWD GOES WILD ! 
one door opens to another door closed 
blink-182's new album is going to be BADASS 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is a fucking wildabeast 
TESTOSTERONE 
is this real life ? 
\We all have inner demons to fight . We call these demons ' fear ' 
stoked- everybody be prepared to be jealous 
don't insult me like that 
why do they make weights so damn heavy ? 
Anyone looking to buy a reliable car ? 71k < PROPMALE > 
I sell ice in the water , I sell fire in hell . \ 
I am a hustler baby , I'll sell water to a well . 
I got written up today for something that gets done frequently by other employees . Ain't that a bottabitch ? 
A woman just blatantly broke the law and almost hit me as a consequence . Good thing i have a Y chromosome so i could swiftly avoid it 
whomever invented yoga pants is a genius man 
stick it where the sun don't shine = shade ? 
blood . pressure . rising . 
Almost got killed . I hope that boost of adrenaline is enough to get me through my workday 
Someone dun goofed , the consequences will never be the same 
I just pushed down some little kid and stole his pokemon cards . Is that < PROPFEMALE > ? 
paid 75$ for a 54$ tire , feelsbadman . Next time remind me not to go to westland tire and repair next to beaver creek 
I have the next week off . Come at me bro ! 
Take a look- and you can tell than I'm destined for greatness 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
how many < PROPMALE>'s does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? \ 
\ 
two , one to hold the lightbulb , one to spin the world 
apparently I do coke . I don't even drink pop ! 
How dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get ? 
Wants to quote damn near every line of \Cleaning Out my Closet \"" 
she pinky promised me she was 18 
I refuse to lose 
these jersey whore quote are getting annoying . just listening to that shit makes me want to order pizza 
You must be a football coach , the way you got me playin ' the field 
needs a pick me up 
dude , bro 
PhD in Broscience , < PROPMALE > in Brosiology , Minor in Brotrition 
Epic night is Epic 
I wave hi to the haters , mad that finally done made it 
I'm a wishful thinker with the worst intentions 
brb imposing my will 
mental note : never go grocery shopping on an empty stomach 
cool story bro 
o < PROPMALE > bro 
the other day someone asked me if I wanted to see their \tranny sack . \ " I thought they said \ " fanny pack . \ " I said yes .... I regret that decision " 
\like\ " this if you hate cleaning up other peoples ' mess " 
hatters , they are mad 
I'm torn , not sure whether to be excited for school or not . 8 more days . 
FUUUUuuuuu just got a ticket for going 48 in a \construction zone . \ " GCPD can suck a cawk with it " 
* Rolls up his deal making sleeves * 
I want to be the very best , like no one ever was 
< PROPMALE > Collins 
Too many doses , and i'm starting to get an attraction 
Drinks- $11 . Breakfast- $19 . Gas- $20 . Getting hit on by a 2- priceless . There are some things money can't buy ..... 
if you think education is tough , try being stoopid 
not only am I NOT drunk , but this tape doesn't taste anything like scotch 
has enough money to last me the rest of my life , unless I buy something 
Beginning semester 2 , and my PhD won't be here anytime soon :( 
Time flies when you throw your alarm clock across the room 
Tell me why using i compass to find my way around campus makes me feel like a badass 
is all of this updating my facebook status making my ego look fat ? 
is feeling so good today . I'd like to ask you to high-five the person next to you and tell them it's from me 
If you're happy and you know it , share your meds 
Ladies , rate me on a scale of 9-10 . Don't be shy . 
I've got nothing to do , and all day to do it 
This car behind me has a michigan < PROPFEMALE > tag . It is green and white . Puts a big phucking smile on my face 
PIITB anyone ? ( If you don't know , you can't afford it ) 
Refuses to swallow his pride . I don't need the empty calories in my diet 
My english teacher wanted to have sex in < PROPMALE > high . The only problem was , my english teacher was a guy 
It's the freakin ' weekend baby , i'm about to have me some fun 
\This team is hungry for a win . Let's go eat\ " - < PROPFIRST > Vanden Bosch " 
Time to break out the cornbread and kool-aid ! 
Blowjobs for all the referees , courtousy of the Chicago Bears 
Just found out my second class just moved to the same room as my first class . Phucking awesome ! 
why are books so damn expensive ? 
A note to the ladies- if you see a guy wearing aviators , his eyes are glued , guaranteed 
It's sad that when there's a 50% < PROPMALE > of picking the gender of a driver , you're right 90% of the time 
Haircut time , going for the bald look 
two things I love more than ANYTHING in this world : going to class and being sarcastic 
I'm not impressed by your performance 
GET ON YOUR KNEES AND SMILE LIKE A DONUT 
I got the weirdest tip earlier tonight 
Doesn't trust anything that bleeds for a week and doesn't die 
Thinks he is gonna start rollerblading from class to class . Thoughts ? 
Tuition- $3000 . Books- $300 . Parking permit- $75 . Taking the most expensive nap in my life- priceless 
Anybody want to do something they regret in the morning ? Anyone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Parks didn't call shotgun 
no longer \Prototype \"" 
some guy just baught a pop tart , and was stoked it gave him two . I offered to buy it for a < PROPMALE > . He declined . I buy my chips to find out there is a third one in there . Either he is a really nice guy or a phucking dumbass 
Some guy pulled next to me and looks at me . He thinks he is cool so he turns his music louder than mine . Little did he know ... 
( sorry for the multiple status's , but I must share this with everyone in vivid detail ) The funniest thing just happened . I was driving southbound on Haggerty , \ 
and there is a good amount of traffic . Some turquoise car pulls in front of a\ 
red car , ALMOST cutting the red car off . The red car slams on the breaks\ 
unnecessarily , as the turquoise car speeds up quick . 
We get to the red light , I look over and see the\ 
person in the red car is a woman . As I lol to myself , I couldn't help but\ 
notice she is cursing up a storm and flipping off the car in front of her . I , \ 
being the smartass that I am , tell her to show him who's boss . 
She proceeds to say \phuck you\ " and\ 
The passenger then gets out of the car\ 
and starts yelling all kinds of obscenities at this woman . She got all nervous , \ 
took out her phone and ACTED like she was dialing < PROPFIRST > ( I had the perfect\ 
view , she wasn't calling sh ! t ) . 
I then yell out \I got some midol 
too bad my awesome day had to come to an end at some point 
Loves the fact his chest is so wide , not a single drop of cologne is wasted 
Call me ambitious , but i need the extra money . I'm starting my own mini-business 
Hours of sleep : 3 . Hours of work : 5 . Brb being all stimmed out 
has anyone else noticed that mirrors look really sexy ? 
What seems to be the officer , problem ? 
Hours of sleep : 3 1/2 . Hours of work : 6 . Brb not learning my lesson 
I'm not your < PROPMALE > , guy 
Looking back at the past year and how much I've changed , I realized that maturity comes from facing your demons head-up . And as you change , the dynamic of your friendships change . If your friends aren't willing to accept the change in dynamic , they aren't worth it 
No matter how much it rains , I refuse to use an umbrella 
One bottle of pink magic- $50 . Any takers ? 
My physics professor doesn't know a lick about teaching physics . All he does is throw stuff 
Just read a 9 < PROPFEMALE > study talking about what women want . Conclusion ? Women are shallow . Surprise surprise ! 
Just saw the cross-country team run by . Someone needs to introduce these guys to a barbell 
After work today , i have the next 3 days off . Who want's to have some fun this weekend ? 
I'm will NEVER apply for a < PROPFEMALE > .... my interest rate is far too high 
B dubs has me licking parts of my fingers i never knew i had 
I'm tired of all the jersey whore references . It is not t-shirt time , and no girl is a \dirty little hamster \"" 
A woman that sings gets an A+ in my book 
My inarticulate store-baught hangover hobby < PROPFEMALE > , it talks 
IMABEME <--- worst license plate ever 
if there's anything more important than my ego around here I want it caught and destroyed immediately 
I'm thinking of re-releasing all my old statuses in 3D 
Yesterday , i found 12 bucks in my pocket . Today , i found 20 . Awesome ! 
What is it about me that prompts these religious monks to come up to me and ask for donations ? 
is starting his new training regimen tomorrow . BRB being jacked on stems 24/7 , eating everything in sight , all while getting jacked in the process . Feelsgoodman 
There's a hole in my pocket . I'm going to feel cocky all day 
Going to pay my debt to the gc police , killing two birds in the process . I've never gotten more value out of one stone 
TO ALL THE GUYS OUT THERE- the girls saying they \like it\ " somewhere are simply saying where they put their purse . Woman should be banned from social networking ! " 
I'll have you know , that i've become indestructible 
i like it on my couch 
I know i'm not the one you thought you knew back in high school 
South lion has the worst city to mascot ratio 
Did you know \dammit I'm mad\ " spelled backwards is \ " dammit I'm mad ? \ " Your mind = blown " 
You cannot reach me on my samsung 
I picked the wrong day to wear my blue shirt and yellow headband to work . GO STATE ! 31-27 final in OT 
It's ludicrous these mortals even attempt to enter my realm 
Your whole mindset is wrong . Get to know me before you form such bold opinions . 
I'm a phucking idiot . P.S. if you like this status , i will kill you 
\I asked god for strength 
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life 
really needs a stimulant . Not to be confused with \i need to be stimulated \"" 
why is a bra singular and panties plural ? 
Got out of class an hour early . U mad ? Come at me ! 
Squat til ' you puke 
I like to walk around the house naked ... until my neighbors scream at me to go back inside 
going to lay down . somebody text me and keep me up ! 
< PROPFIRST > Cutler is getting sacked my more NFL players than < PROPFIRST > Kardashian 
In Japan , jersey whore is entitled -- \The New Jersey Life of Macaroni Rascals . ” I am not making this up " 
LOL that south park/jersey whore episode was classic . Even south park couldn't do justice to the amount of phaggoty time contained in that show 
I have decided to change my life , my thinking , and my attitude . I now realize that I have a moral responsibility and obligation to spread a message of love , kindness , and compassion to all 
why do people marinade themselves in cologne ? Less is best , you're not a chicken 
last night , I got my driver-side panel kicked in , and there was a failed attempt to kick out my window as well . All over a disagreement . Doesn't anybody have any class anymore ? 
I'm not a businessman , I'm a business , man 
* Shoots paper into basket * * bounces off rim * me : rimjob ! Manager : in your dreams . Potential sexual harassment ? 
Obsessed is what the lazy call the dedicated 
Just saw a woman back up her car blatantly into a mans car , lulz 
everything went better than expected 
Son of zeus , brother of Hercules , father of Aesthetics 
I just went to blueroof , and for a tip I wrote on a napkin- \Tip- look both ways before you cross the street . You can take this to the bank\ " and put the actual tip underneath the napkin . Like this if you think this is funny " 
Almost got in an accident because some woman doesnt know how to use her turn signal 
grew 3/4 of an inch . COME AT ME BRO ! 
C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping 
Me- I have a frog stuck in my throat . Manager- Let me get that for you * puts hands around throat . * Sexual harassment ? 
I would love to start working out , but I'm beefing up for my \before\ " picture " 
Picture you beating the odds , picture you willing to bleed , picture you wearing the scar 
some douchebag was called into my soc class to talk about domestic violence . Words cannot describe the amount of bullsh ! t coming out of his mouth . Domestic violence is a myth- it's called assault . \ 
It's funny how this class tries to teach how men and women \should be created equal\ " yet advocates this bullsh ! t . " 
Dressing up as a girl for work on halloween ( no homo ) and i need a pair of booty shorts . Any girls wanna donate ? 
Sometimes I just feel like my father , I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense , it's constant 
I'M FED UP WITH THESE WOMAN DRIVERS . I just got cut off by some bish talking on the phone , and had I not slammed on the breaks there would have been a collision 
Hates studying , but this is college 
Just saw some object fly across the sky and disappear into thin air . Said object was considerably large , and I believe it to be unidentified 
Just saw some girl walk out from behind the dumpster ... da fuk ?! 
my < PROPMALE > is so big it stretches from A to Z on the keyboard 
If I was a cow I would jerk my nipples into my mouth constantly 
I like milk 
Go to google maps and search directions from japan to < PROPFEMALE > , and look at direction 43 . Is this real life ? 
Oh no .... facebook , i made a mistake 
I can't stop touching myself 
Two songs that are going to be in my wedding : When i'm with you- faber drive and wonderful tonight- < PROPFIRST > clapton 
Just bowled a no-tap 300 
I ain't even mad 
Physics : Notes taken- 0 . Days late- everyday . Days fell asleep because of boring ass professor- almost everyday . Hours studied- an hour the night before the exam . Grade- A . \ 
That's the type of equation I like to see in physics 
If there's grass on the field , play ball 
God . Family . School . Work . Lift . 
Money flowin like a slit wrist , no bandage 
300x9 ATG 
My manager just got livid because i asked her which is healthier , mozzerella sticks or fries . Apparently she \isn't my nutrition specialist\ " .... da fuk ? " 
Getting drunk off kool-aid and cornbread 
It's official- defensive linemen aren't capable of kicking extra points 
I got 99 problems and they all b*tches 
I wake up in the morning feeling like tree fiddy , got my straps and my shake I'm ' bout to hit planet fitty . before I leave , brush me teeth with a bottle of tech , cause when I leave for the gym , I'm plannin ' to wreck 
Yeah , you're burning bridges , baby 
Today , i'm gonna do work . Come at me exam ! 
Arose during day lights begining , feeling similar to that of the rap < PROPFEMALE > known as P-Diddy 
1/2 of all sexual assault happens on college campus ' . In other news , 1/2 of girls on college campus ' wear yoga pants and/or spankys . Coincidence ? You decide ! 
I'm not mr n'sync , i'm not what your friends think , i'm not mr friendly , i can be a prick 
Couldn't take the blame , sick with shame . Must be exhausting to lose your own game 
Sleep with one eye open , gripping your pillow tight 
After doing dishes , i now understand the mechanism in which girls get wet 
I do it because I can , I can because I want to , I want to because you said i couldn't 
Almost puked , time to eat 
just got done playing basketball . my lower back , knees , and my left shoulder hurt . on top of that , I strained my right calf . da fuk is wrong with my joints ?! 
School . Gym . Work . Sleep . Repeat . Hopefully some day this routine will pay dividends 
You can't stop me from making the same mistakes 
< PROPMALE > hughes just got BJ'd ! 
humble pie- tastegoodman 
if you have skype , send me your username 
I have < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > hair 
EDIT- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has my hair 
What it meant to me will eventually be a memory 
3 hours of study time , 5 hours of sleep , and a massive amount of stimulants later , i'm ready for this test . Or so i hope .... 
disregard females , acquire knowledge/muscles/currency 
Wishes he had a time machine . Forced to settle for a shower and mouthwash 
Listening to my theme some , heading to b dubs , needs to pump some iron 
Trying to decide whether to wear my Pats or Lions jersey today . Today , I feel like supporting a winner . 
On a mission to be what i'm destined to be 
Eating blueroof by myself . Forever a gnome :( 
A follower fallowing other followers . That's what 99% of us are . We listen to/follow people who are phucking clueless themselves ..... that's when it should hit you : you need not follow anybody but yourself 
My manager just told me the only girls pants i can get in are < PROPFEMALE>'s on halloween . I'm about to go off 
birth control for men , that's fair . It makes more sense to take the bullets out of the gun then to wear a bulletproof vest 
Going 10 over , see a cop on a side street , put on breaks , everything went better than expected 
I'm driving the speed limit , and an old woman driver cuts me off and drives 5 under ..... smh 
I'm just doin me and you could never understand it 
It's christmas time , again . It's time to be nice to the people you can't stand all year . I'm growing tired of all this christmas cheer 
finally gettin rid of my POS phone tomorrow , gettin a myTouch 4g . U mad ? Come at me ! 
smile , it's the second best thing you can do with your lips 
\Let me get some buffalo sauce before it's toasted\ " ..... \ " Would you like that toasted ? \ " mind = blown " 
Updating my status from my new 4g phone . U jelly ? Yea , u jelly 
if you want my new number , msg me for it . \ 
inb4foreveralone 
you can tuna a guitar , but you can't tuna fish 
20 rep squats are what seperates the men from the boys 
goodnight fb , church in the am 
SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUH 
if the chargers lose today , I'm two steps closer to $560 . Right now they're down 21-3 
too bad green bay won today ... I would be $560 richer 
Had two great workouts the past two days . Lookout in 2011 , my goal is to achieve ss3 status 
cannot sleep for the life of me . alarm set for 7:40 , considering pulling an all nighter and sleeping after class 
All nighter status : Successful 
Life is a beach , I'm just playing in the sand 
number thing .... inbox it 
#99 you're a great person with a good head on your shoulders . Good times parked in the nursing home parking lot ( I think it was a nursing home ? ) 
#24 smart guy with a big heart . Take a multi and lift heavy , good luck with your fitness goals in 2011 
#40 you make me want to do things I know aren't right 
#2421 only one thing would've made homecoming better .... 
#143 although we didn't talk much in high school , you were one of the few people whom didn't judge me based on what others thought of me . I respect you for that 
#67 how many psychologists does it take to change a tire ? \ 
first , the tire has to WANT to change 
#44 remember when you were seeing that lying whore that I told you right off the bat she was full of sh*t , and when you hit it doggystyle it was actually TRUE ? LMAO bro , you told me that you ignored the smell and SIGHT of it because you hadn't gotten any in like 9 years . I can't blame you tho she was one hot b*tch 
#5493 I can't believe it didn't happen that night 
#13 if I ever find myself in prison with you , I will protect you in the showers 
#36 I remember we used to do it a lot together . You liked it slow and in circles , I was more of the in and out speedy type . When we got out of the shower , before we went to sleep , when we were about to go out . We were religious about it , borderline obsessive , and it was probably sorta unhealthy . Still brushing our teeth after all these years . 
#274 remember when I asked you to see if that rag smelled like chloroform ? Of course you don't 
#75749 oh heavenly blessed beauty , I would drag my balls through hell and back to get the < PROPMALE > to meet the janitor that cleaned up the milk you once spilled in the cafeteria 
#89 it's not gay if your balls don't touch 
#410 you're a cool cat , and I judge you based on your qualities as a human being . Final is wednesday , make time 
keep the < PROPFIRST > coming in 
#9999999999991 I used to think you were so fine , then you and your boyfriend left 
#963 you're a great guy , I really hope everything works out for the better . I consider < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > family , so I consider you family as well . 
#6666 you're a cool kid , stop being so insecure 
#33 you're cute but I don't really know who you are 
why do I go to class just to sit on facebook ? 
#6999 I used to have the biggest crush on you , but I was a pussy and never did anything about it . Put your boobs away ! 
#420 need any more ketchup ? 
#8118 you're one of the nicest people I know ..... and you have dat ass 
#40 you're someone whom I want to pursue a close friendship with . You are a high-quality human being , and that is rare to come by . I enjoy hanging with you more then some of my long-term friends . 
I think I was put here to annoy the world , and destroy your little four year old boy or girl 
#7070 my fondest memory of you is when you got a pencil jammed in your ear in middle school 
#1762 what doesn't kill you makes you stronger 
#12 we had a handshake all the black kids thought were cool 
#26 you're a high quality human being , and that is hard to come by . You are also very intelligent and can sing , two things that win me over real quick . If you didn't have a boyfriend I would pursue , but I am content being friends as well . 
#6969 I don't know you that well , but you're cute\ 
And your stepdad is an awesome tipper 
#4 I appreciate that you can look at the situation ( you know what I'm talking about ) for what it is and not take sides and/or judge me . I wish you the best of luck in every aspect of your life 
My manager gave me a cup of espresso to drink . Needless to say , it wasn't a good idea . \ 
Inb4 heart failure 
< PROPFEMALE > rum < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > pum 
Phuck the cold , bad weather's not gonna stop me from paying my dues . How about you ? 
just shot a 721 .... got robbed of my 300 , left a solid 9 pin in the 9th 
took an iq test online and scored a 138 .... I donoo how legit it is tho , I want to take a real one 
Overcast this morning- mostly clear . Overcast now- partly cloudy . Mind = blown 
Handed in my 4th and final A for my astronomy class . I told the professor , \I bet you're wondering how I aced this class when I sleep everyday . \ " \ 
not feeling good , lying down 
Semester over ! Now every day is friday 
Driving with 20/400 vision isn't very sharp . \ 
Haha , get it ? 
I'm a < PROPMALE > taker , heartbreaker , got you wrapped around my finger 
I'm here for the gang bang 
Lion's road win ! 
Disregard white genetics , acquire hops 
Disregard ego , acquire power/size/humbleness 
wtf canton schools .... shouldn't it be Plymouth rocks and Salem wildcats ? 
There's 35+ people in my house . I've never felt so overwhelmed ! 
It's not the small size that's my problem , I just can't figure out how to work it ! 
Please don't look at me with those eyes , please don't hint that you're capable of lies 
\Lord 
O Divine Master , < PROPMALE > that I may not so much seek\ 
To be consoled , as to console ;\ 
To be understood , as to understand ;\ 
To be loved , as to love ;\ 
For it is in giving that we receive , \ 
It is in pardoning that we are pardoned , \ 
And it is in dying that we are born to eternal life . \ 
Amen . \ - St < PROPFIRST > of Assisi " 
Ho ho ho . Happy birthday Jesus ! 
man , all this wrapping has winded me . I don't know how Lil ' < PROPMALE > does it 
Get up , come on , get down with the christmas . Open up your gift , and then you give it to me 
I had the best christmas in recent memory , and it didn't have anything to do with the presents ! \ 
love you guys 
Blisteted my hand up deadlifting . FeelsIdonoomanlol 
I would never wish my thighs upon anyone wishing to go < PROPFIRST > shopping 
My ex changed her number again . One would assume because of me . I called vegas , the official over/under is one month . I got 5 on the under 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . You will be missed 
Strong and unafraid , never a question why 
There she goes , so perfectly . The kind of flawless I wish I could be 
Three more hours . Thank god we're slow 
someone please explain to me why this 50 year old woman is trying to tell me this upcoming year is the start of a new decade ... \ 
she's been through enough decades to know wtf a decade is 
Take a multi and lift heavy , good luck with your fitness goals in 2011 
Before the season started , I got laughed at for predicting the Lions would finish ahead of the Viqueens in the NFC north . Who's laughing now ? Too bad I didn't make any bets ... 
who wants to go bowling ? 
Time flys when you throw your alarm clock across the room 
apparently my psych professor gives open book tests . will I even have to study ? 
today , I forgot my hat in my car before work , fell flat on my face trying to catch a dropped sandwich , and poured a bunch of frozen tots into the fried ones . I had a great day 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . * The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
trying to get my ZzZzZz on 
In Solviet Russia , weights lift you 
Disregard friday classes , acquire free time 
And now you wish that you meant something to somebody else 
You'll lose a lot of money chasing women , you'll never lose any woman casing money 
I had barbacue stains on my white t-shirt , she was killing me in that mini-skirt 
my psych . of sex professor referred to sex as \pounding . \ " This has quickly become my favorite class ever " 
What's a snookie ? 
everybody say ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyo 
sleep on me , this pillow is where my head'll lie 
anyone want to bet some money the pack wins the super bowl ? 
Listening to 89x , working on a puzzle . Life is good 
?? q ? ?? o p ?? oq ??? ? ? nq ? ???? ? s ?? ??? s ? s ??? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - u mad you're a failure ? Shoulda went to a different school hahaha 
I feel metaphorically similar to that of a specific aircraft 
Life is one big party when you're still young , but who's gonna have your back when it's all done ? 
Approves this message . 
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia . Part of Speech : n . Definition : fear of long words . 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > Smith and < PROPFIRST > Hubbard , may your child grow up with many blessings 
I swear the wifi connection in my house is slower than dial-up 
some ignorant guy won't turn his rap music down , it's the middle of the lecture and I can hear it from across the room !!! 
two days off feels like an eternity . it's time to go hard 
Get jacked , squat rack 
Time flies when you play angry birds 
I watch slow motion replays in fast forward 
Starting average : 220 
Too school for cool 
Listening to these girls in front of me talk about how the professor bolds answers on the test and gives out answers if you ask . 
B dubs , u jelly ? 
so I got home and made myself the perfect dip , which consisted of melted cheese , refried beans , salsa and tomatos . After I finished my masterpiece , I decided it was time for the tortilla chips . To my demise , there were none . I looked for alternatives and all I found were an empty bag of cheetos . What do I do ? Slap it between two slices of bread and throw on a piece of cheese for good measure . DELICIOUS . 
I'm just typing some words in a box for you to look at 
What does rape and HIV have in common other than being horrible , ugly things ? You play guard for the Lakers , and it won't affect you 
Hey pandora .... I don't mind smashmouth , but it sounds nothing like avenged sevenfold . It's quite the opposite . Thanks . 
Thanks to all my family and friends who were there with my today . My only wish is that the Holy Spirit can resonate in your souls as it has me . Love you guys 
Are you ready for snomaggedon ? 
late to class because two drivers decided not to have a Y chromosome 
EMU classes cancelled tomorrow ! 
1st person to like my status - I will have your last name for a week . 2nd person to like my status - I will tell you my least favorite thing about you . 3rd person - I will write \I love you\ " on your wall . 4th person- I will answer any question you have . Put this status if you're brave enough " 
I have no respect for meteorology 
I went to a fight and a hockey game broke out 
I put the std in stud , now all I need is u 
\You can never be sure of the authenticity of quotes on the internet\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
does anyone know anything about the russian language ? 
this year , both Groundhog Day and the State of the Union address occur on the same day . It's an ironic juxtaposition of events- one involves a meaningless ritual in which we look to a creature of limited intelligence for prognostication , while the other event involves a groundhog 
the word bed looks like a bed ..... goodnight 
My last name is really supposed to be Rakov .... Thanks immigration officers on ho'ing me out on a sweet last name 
Jersey shore is garbage TV 
31-24 Packers , put it in the book 
I think Big < PROPMALE > ate one too many Roethlisburgers 
\I wonder if he's the one ? I wonder if he wants kids ? \ " \ 
My prediction was 31-24 Pack . Only if the Steelers kicked the extra point .... 
I need to gain 40 lbs by september 2012 . Time to bulk ? 
Goodnight Canada 
the girls are dancing to < PROPFIRST > Bieber videos on repeat .... I gotta admit , it's kinda catchy . I'm aboot to delete some of my Eminem to make room on my ipod , u mad < PROPFIRST > Beefy McMillan ? 
there's bubble gum in the baby's hair , sweep potatas in my lazy chair 
I can't be late to my own birthday dinner !!! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , I am truly blessed 
why does the week seem so long and the weekend so short ? 
Two times in a row , this is amazing ! But now for the heavy **** , time to hunt some dinosaurs 
It worked ! and on the first time too ! I can't believe this , I'm trying it again 
Alright . After months of preparation , the wait is over . I will now attempt to travel back in time exactly 5 minutes 
I won't just reach my goals . I will crush them . I am here to work hard . To learn . To take back my life . Get a little help . Live a lot . I will not be content . I will push myself . And be pushed . I will build my body . And fill it with confidence . One-on-one . One day at a time . For one reason . Me . 
I had the best valentines day ever ! 
hit a dog on the way to school , wasn't sure if he was dead or not so I just put him in my trunk . I'll investigate further at lunch 
women : can't live with them , can't make sammiches without them 
Who said statistics was hard ? 
My threshold for shorts- 32° . U mad ? 
I'm tired , so tired of walking through this fire 
Bumpin ' , waiting for this long ass train to pass 
Walking in and out of the gym , the door swung open for me by itself and closed behind me . It's cool the things God does to show you he's there . 
In some boring kitchen store , and they started playing < PROPMALE > Collins- In the Air . After tackling some poor senior citizen and pounding on me chest like a boss , I calmly exited the store with goosebumps all over my body 
I'm awfully tired after gnawing on all those breasts and thighs 
A fun fact about Avenged Sevenfold :\ 
The band's name is a reference to the Book of < PROPFEMALE > in the Bible , where Cain is sentenced to live in exile for murdering his brother . God marked him so that none would kill him on account of his sin ; the man who dared to kill Cain would suffer \vengeance seven times over \"" 
to gym or not to gym , that is the question 
There can be no better way of knowing in a world beyond controlling , are you going to deny the Savior in front of your eyes ? Stare into the night 
Bumpin to cascada . U IRATE !? COME @ ME !!! 
Boy : Hii\ 
Girl : What\ 
Boy : How are you ? \ 
Girl : Do I know you ? \ 
Boy : I'm Rich\ 
Girl : Hi I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! Let's go out and BTW I like your hair <3 :D \ 
....... Boy : No my name is Rich\ 
Girl : I don't talk to boys :S ! xD 
OMG boys are all douchebags , completely over et . \ 
Time to go out and dance the night away\ 
live <3 laugh <3 love <3 txttttttt ittttttttt <3<3<3<3<3 
how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb ? \ 
. \ 
trick question , feminists can't change anything 
\It was east of the equator \"- < PROPFEMALE > " 
Epiphany ? Epiphany . 
school got cancelled . That's good , because I wasn't going anyways . \ 
ZzZzZzZzZzZz 
you know what I hate ? people that answer their own questions 
facebook really should require you to be a certain age to use the site ... 
Just got done bowling ... I shot 29/36 strikes , and got robbed of yet ANOTHER 300 due to solid 9 pin . Finished with a 222 , 279 , and a 254 for a 755 series 
A serenade of haunting voices , calling me away , to feast upon the source of my felicity . Dark maiden talking hold of my hand , lead me away from hibernation . Strong and unafraid , never a question why 
I was driving the O'doyles to school , when I saw a banana in the road and instinctively swerved out of the way . Thanks < PROPFIRST > kart ! 
My 6 year old little brother is making fun of me for listening to country . I'm gonna put him in a sharpshooter when we get to the room 
Great wolf lodge has a gym , I'm in heaven 
Please don't look at me with those eyes , please don't hint that you're capable of lies . I dread the thought of our very first kiss , a target that I'm probably gonna miss . 
my brother just baseball slid into the door and hurt himself . I asked him if he wanted to sit with me and daddy . He replied \no 
male teacher has sex with a female student : pedophile\ 
female teacher has sex with a male student : niiiiiiiccccceeee\ 
Girl puts guy in friend zone : nice you let him down easy\ 
Guy puts girl in friend zone : HOW COULD YOU BREAK HER HEART LIKE THAT YOU &$%#&\ 
Explain , feminists 
< PROPFIRST > steps on turtles : okay\ 
I step on turtles : banned from the zoo\ 
DOUBLE STANDARD 
I just ate 8 pieces of pizza and feel no remorse 
Can somebody instruct me how to < PROPMALE > ? 
I just baught \Tiger Woods best 18 holes\ " dvd and it was all about golf .... wtf " 
Life is good today 
text messaging has to be the worst method of communication ever 
1 ) See arresting officer at gym\ 
2 ) See said officer benching 135 on barbell\ 
3 ) Bench 170 with dumbbells\ 
4 ) ????? \ 
5 ) Profit 
< PROPFEMALE > Lorey is the greatest woman in the world ! 
average after today : 209 
Wake up , oats , squatz , eat , work , enjoy 
I just got called in to work a double . $@#+ ? %¤¢ 
Current weight : 200.6 . Now the question , do I cut , or continue to bulk for football tryouts ? Decisions , decisions .... 
Just left walmart .... I hope nobody took my picture as my attire is questionable at best 
Girl makes comment aboot hot guy in drive through : acceptable\ 
Guy makes comment aboot hot girl in drive through : femunist army\ 
Explanation ? 
If You Can't Handle Me At My Worst , You Don't Deserve To Handle Me At My Best <3<3<3<3 live . laugh . love . <3 txttttttt ittttttt <3<3<3<3 (: 
I'll have you know that I've become indestructable , determination that is incorruptable 
Hey pandora , I'm pretty sure daughtry and here without you sound nothing like disturbed . Son , I am dissapoint 
Without feelings , sex is reduced to meaningless , mechanical exercises 
its so great that i can freely express my homosexuality now :) thank you all for your support 
I just thought of the best white rapper name ..... Overflow . Does it haz potential ? 
Just ate 12 blazin ' wings , get on my level 
\we're in trouble 
so my friend on fb got hacked and they posted a naked picture as her profile pic . The cops were called , and they refused to do anything . You know how easy it is for an investigation to solve this ? \ 
To protect and serve , my ass 
current average : 212 and rising 
who's celebrating weight loss wednesday ? 
my anthro teacher is sexist .... I love it 
you'd better run for cover , ' cause she's ticking like a time bomb 
I can't remember if I put deodorant on . Guess we'll find out this evening 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > McMillan , < PROPFEMALE > Lubas , Katt Imes , < PROPFIRST > Bloomer , < PROPFIRST > Morgan\ 
1 ) surround house with outward-facing treadmills\ 
2 ) set up bp table\ 
3 ) procreate\ 
4 ) ??????? \ 
5 ) profit . \ 
sounds like a good time 
Can anyone tell me what idk means ? It's so frustrating ! 
Intimacy is an ongoing process where teo caring people share , as freely as possible , an exchange of their hopes , dreams , feelings , experiences and time in an atmosphere of MUTUAL acceptance , commitment , tenderness , and trust 
philosophy is stupid . I recommend nobody ever take it 
I'm acting like a little #@%$ with this philosophy study guide .... nothing a snickers can't fix 
I just learned that PMS is absent in most cultures , but common in the US . Why is that ? My theory- it's all in their head , and is perpetuated by the media . \ 
The anxiety of PMS results in a physiological experience 
I just got into a debate turned irrational potshots about gay people being a product of nature vs nurture . I took the stand of nurture . Thoughts ? 
if women ran the world there would be no war , just a lot of jealous countries not talking to eachother 
on this St. Patricks Day I will be skipping my math class . I don't want to drink and derive 
I'm not wearing a green shirt , but the guy on my shirt is . Does that count ? 
when I'm driving and I see people crossing the road with clearly enough time to pass , I purposely speed up so they have to run\ 
cardio up 
I got the best wakeup call this morning .... < PROPFIRST > Reakoff called to tell me he's getting my brother into football 
pinched a nerve in my neck and it hurts like hell . Thanks < PROPMALE > Wantz for covering my shift and < PROPFEMALE > Lorey for the neck massage you're about to give me later ! 
wow who watched the roast of < PROPFIRST > trump ? < PROPFIRST > the situation is not funny at all ... where's Kanye when you need him ? 
< PROPFIRST > your lucky I feel bad that you hurt yourself or this would have hurt Bad !!!!! \ 
Feel Better !!!!! 
urgent care here I come ! live . laugh . love <3 
at the ER with < PROPFEMALE > Lorey . She's making this experience not so bad . You're the best ! 
got a prescription of flexeral and just took my first one . whoooooa 
The medication they gave me makes me want ti crt . Maybe pms does really happen 
having a torn trap is not fun . but hey , it's time off work 
the past couple days have been down . Hopefully tomorrow will show some promise 
Windows down , blastin ' techno , fist pumpin ' my way to summer . Who's with me ? 
\Use whatever knowledge you have but see it's limitations . Knowledge alone does not suffice ; it has no heart . No amount of knowledge will nourish or sustain your spirit ; it can never bring you ultimate happiness or peace . Life requires more than knowledge ; it requires intense feeling and constant energy . Life demands right action if knowledge is to come alive . \"" 
hospital told me a torn trap takes 1 week to 3 months to heal ... mine took 4 days . They need to rewrite the book for me 
not having facebook is social suicide 
I'm interesting , the best thing since wrestling 
It's times like these where I realize how < PROPMALE > I am . I just ate the most delicious saurkrout sandwich of my life 
the blazin ' wings I ate earlier today just gave me a hemorrhoid ... 
from this point on I am referring to eminem as \the < PROPFEMALE > rapper \"" 
goodbye 3000 calories a day </3 \ 
goodbye sugar\ 
goodbye fast food\ 
goodbye strength\ 
hello cardio\ 
hello aesthetics 
thinking about getting a lower back tattoo to match my upper back tattoo . Thoughts ? 
\Willpower and < PROPFEMALE > will give you what hopes and dreams cannot\ " - Me " 
woman drivers make me rage sometimes .... 
IT WAS A FIREFIGHT ! 
I won't just reach my goals . I will crush them . In am here to work hard . To learn . To take back my life . I will not be content . I will push myself . And be pushed . I will build my body . And fill it with confidence . One-on-one . One day at a time . For one reason . Me . 
My favorite 5 movies of all time ( in no particular order ): \ 
1 ) 300\ 
2 ) Boondock Saints\ 
3 ) Running Scared\ 
4 ) Inglorious Bastards\ 
5 ) Definitely , Maybe 
Proverbs 18:24 - A man of many companions may come to ruin , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother 
cleaned 160 today . Not much , but I'm happy considering I failed 135 last workout . Here's to improving hip explosiveness * cheers * 
a 12 year old just told me that he's smarter than me and has nothing to learn from me . Sounds like me when I was 12 
Down 8 lbs in 7 days . Come at me triglycerides ! 
cottage cheese and natty pb .... mmmmmmmmmmmmm 
just cleaned 175 . That's up 40 lbs in 2 workouts for those of you counting . Bruised my collarbone too , I think I'm gonna tell everyone it's a hicky 
