finally heard a cake song he really likes . 

is dreaming up dreams . 
happy palindrome day everyone ! 
the word beauty feels like an understatment for anything I might use it for . 
raindrops keep falling on my head , and unlike most of you it fills me with the greatest joy . 
time to sleep . 
Drag Me To Hell was so much better than I ever though a PG-13 horror movie could be . hell , it probably outclassed anything in mainstream horror in the last 2 and a half years , I can't even think of something I've seen that was so perfectly crafted . Horror 
has procrastinated all day today , and things don't seem to be getting any better . 
haha ----> international IM langauge for ? yeah I don't think anyone really knows . it's like an optional period . 
found in himself in Oz and decided to get himself a heart . 
] 
rlrr lrll 
ATTENTION !! I'm looking for a cellist and pianist to perform a piece I've written for a concert at the end of the semester . anyone interested should contact me at 559-288-0732 . 
ATTENTION !! I'm looking for a cellist and pianist to perform a piece I've written for a concert at the end of the semester . anyone interested should contact me at 559-288-0732 or on facebook . 
ATTENTION !! I'm looking for a cellist and pianist to perform a piece I've written for a concert at the end of the semester . anyone interested should contact me at 559-288-0732 or on face book . 
loves matrix generators and all the work they let him avoid . 
in mind where all emotions are held as equal , thoughts of suicide must get their turn . 
If < PROPMALE > buffer had a brother named < PROPFIRST > , that would be a really unfortunate shortened name . 
needs a cellist and pianist to perform a piece of his for a concert at the end of the summer . 
wrote a poem to end wars and then lit it on fire . 
just remembered how awesome sigur ros is , about time to pop the dvd in the ole laptop I think . 
I used to love this town and this neighborhood The streets were safe , the schools were good The mill was hummin ' twenty-four seven I was formin ' on the line , three to eleven But eighteen months , two days ago The Mill closed down and moved to Mexico also j 
has no idea why myspace is a place to showcase music , it has pretty much the worst player on the internet . 
you know , I have the feeling that I'll be 65 and somebody will ask if I wanna play [ insert rpg/card game/video game here ] and I'll be like \hell yeah I do . \ " some things don't ever stop being fun even if society tries to shame it out of us . also .... pancake " 
so yeah , new music is up , piano , harp , cello stuff . http://www.myspace.com/ryanfultzcompositions 
predicts that no matter what , the Iran situation is gonna end badly for < PROPFEMALE > . 
quotes lyrics from songs that are just vague enough that only a few people will know them , thus making him cool because people will see they just don't know the underground artists the way he and a few of his friends do , as apposed to people wondering wha 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . eh . 
I am surrounded by such giants that often times I just want to take an axe to the whole < PROPMALE > to experience the sun . 
wee ! I'm a helicopter ! wee ! 
It's too fucking hot at 11 in the morning . 
thinks we're gonna need a bigger boat . 
thinks there's not enough child abuse in the world ..... oh wait .... no the other thing , there's too much , yeah ..... hhmmmm that < PROPFEMALE > i set is probably gonna get me a lot of interesting emails ..... oops . 
is much more saddened by the death of < PROPFIRST > Mays than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
you hold in your hand a flower . what does this mean to you ? why are you doing this ? 
thinks you should say hey to him if you see him online cause he accidentally deleted almost everyone off his aim account . 
needs < PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 2 to come out already , end of july is too long to wait . 
for the love of all that is holy someone tell me how to turn off the noise finale makes when you click a full measure in 2009 . 
the creator's of finale should fucking die , I'm pretty sure they just throw darts at a board to decide how to get things to work with one another , there is zero logic in the fucking moronic program . I've been using it for three fucking years and still the 
Happy Kicking ass and taking names day everyone . 
if you see this and want to see the boston pops for free call me and we will go get tickets , but they will probably be out of tickets if we don't leave by 1 . 
new research shows those with low self-esteem feel better after listing negative things about themselves while listing positive things makes them feel worse . 
imagines shrooms plus boston fireworks would probably be a pretty intense light show . 
for a good time gather a very diverse group of oppressed/repressed people , and let them argue over historically who has had it the worst , then ( if you are lucky enough to appear to be a white male ) tell them how they are wrong and how your demographic has 
Dreamed about what would be an amazing quest movie , with epic battles and wishes he had the money to finance it . 
Muppet Treasure Island . 
stared at the screen for an hour and had nothing to write .... sigh . on a plus note I have enough poems gathered that I'm gonna start weeding out the good ones from the crap and start seeing about getting them pretties published . 
my first rule for determining if music is good , if no matter where I jump to in the song it sounds like I just let the music play without interfering , that's not a good sign . 
people won't be people when they hear this sound . 
Slip the knife in and let it cut deep , work ain't done till you've skinned their teeth . Look out Baby , it's rape season and them men all bought a pass . Remember how to fire that gun Baby , you got some life in you yet . 
new porcupine tree album is gonna be a song cycle . my inner prog is screaming with joy , also the site said it would take up the whole of the first cd , so is there a second ? what is on it ? ahhhh !!!! oh yeah , buy a ticket for the show in september , I'm gett 
opeth playing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , fucking awesome . 
< PROPMALE > was awesome , you should see it when ou get the < PROPMALE > . 
thinks UFC 100 looks good , but would expect a better lineup for 100 , most would consider it a special event . 101 looks much better so far . 
Misses California . 
was really pissed to find < PROPMALE > laws already did rite of spring for small band , but then after hearing it , is not so pissed . 
after 7 years a new mechwarrior game is coming out . 
call me outside , I'll come running down . 
Bach is boring and lame , you guitarist's and bassists who learn to play one invention on your instrument need to stop sucking his cock and move on to something with feeling , maybe then all your solo's wouldn't sound like < PROPFIRST > halen , just once I'd like to h 
women don't get to complain anymore about sexism and not being treated equal anymore , women in Liberia ended a civil war by withholding sex . You win , you officially have more power , also , you probably could have ended terrorism , WW 1&2 , the vietnam war , a 
35 plus 2 
EVERYONE !! TROLL 2 IS ON HULU RIGHT NOW !!!!! 
Loves Science , it provides everything he needs and didn't know he wanted . 
Listening to minus the bear makes me very melancholic , like watching the graduate . 
to make soap , first we render fat . 
is gonna make that thing that makes life worth living . 
that ain't quaint , that thing you're doin ' there . 
can finally get into < PROPFIRST > Bonham's drumming . 
Is gonna pop in the colors dvd . it's been too long . 
Oh my God !!! rite of spring plays in a new six flags commercial . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH oh man , < PROPFIRST > Depp looks ridiculous in the new < PROPFEMALE > in wonder land dvd , so much red hair . 
Doesn't think race was involved , it was just two dudes trying to show who's < PROPMALE > is bigger and one of them had a badge . 
I could make this world so perfect , if only all of you didn't have a different idea of what that would be . 
could use a brain , maybe some courage , and a heart would be nice but not necessary . or maybe just some < PROPFEMALE > slippers .... yeah , those would sell for a nice amount . 
slick shoes doctor jones ! 
has a < PROPFEMALE > to go rock climbing , it has been to long . 
if you have August 4 ( 10-11 am ) free and want to see the 1st movement of my string quartet performed go to room 5E3 in the 1140 Building . 
you know what I want/you know what I need/or maybe you don't/ do I have to come right flat out an ' tell you ? 
oh youth , to be young , my trouble were so small , but then so was my life . 
Funny people is so good , you should all see it , it will really surprise you , to think it will be like his other films would be a real mistake , it is very funny , but there is much more depth to it than just being a comedy . 
we are here for one thing only , and that is killin Nazi's . 
SHARK WEEK !!! 
you know what really grinds my gears ? 
just a reminder for those with the time and the < PROPFEMALE > . tomorrow at ten in the 1140 building . Room 5E3 
heeelllllloooooooo 
wishes it was tomorrow and he was getting his tattoo worked on . 
is really really really bored . 
is not looking forwards to tomorrow morning's shower . 
making love , what a curious phrase . 
is feeling like $59.99 
new borrowed blue , a treat for him and you , stay smiling in bruises , as you beat each other with your shoes . 
is making oatmeal raisin cookies . mmmhhhhmmmmmmm ....... 
Is basically done with finals , yay for not putting compositions off till the last minute . 
a world without love is the world I live in hun . couldn't think of something more depressing to say . added hun , to make it rhyme . this would be great in a movie as some emo kid says it and then the woman beats him for being a little bitch . Also , superman is just the lamest . 
The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus looks pretty cool from the trailer . 
spent 20 minutes this morning looking at kittens on youtube . What the hell ? 
had a great time at the kaki < PROPMALE > concert last night . 
Zero emissions for the first forty < PROPMALE > a day ? Over 200 < PROPMALE > a gallon ? The chevy volt looks like a very attractive car right now . 
Command and Conquer 4 anyone ? 
Thought life was going pretty swell and then he learned that more people voted creationism than evolution on the facebook poll . Now granted it's not the most scientific survey , but still what the fuck ? How does that even happen ? 
Is super pumped that < PROPFIRST > is arriving in less than 14 hours . 
aaahhhhh Shit !!!! 
Inglorious Bastards was awesome . 
killing time time killing 
really enjoyed inglorious basterds . 
wants the old internet back , the one where idiots didn't know how to work computers and therefore could not be on it . 
jabberwocky 
is capsized staring on the edge of safe 
Emo Christians . 
accidentally < PROPFIRST > Ferrignoed his shirt . 
can't go two weeks relaxing without wanting to do something more substantive . 
wants you to know he may have committed some light treason . 
whoa whoa whoa , there's still some meat on that bone , you take this home throw in some broth , a potato , baby you got a stew goin ' . 
wishes he had thought to create a geek dating site . The potenial monies would have been awesome . 
Words flow from my tongue like wine spilled from the gods . 
the day is too long when you wake up before 6 . 
luck is all you make it ya just reach out and take it 
finally has internet in the apartment again . 
is on a gentle river being swept away , thinking about what just may 
is waking up at 6:30 after a night of decently heavy drinking and is fairly sure his subconscious hates him with the past couple of days dreams he's been dreaming . 
it only takes one truly good act . 
seems all my friends in all different parts of the world are experiencing rain today . 
wishes he was irresponsible enough to buy a kitten . 
every time I listen to the new porcupine tree album it just gets better and better , and just makes more and more sense . 
We go following sorrow to free your blood spilling out of the reeds there give me a sign I can breathe air ( give me someting new please . something I can love ) 
thought the sign said DO push . well , I guess we didn't really need portugal anyways . 
don't kid yourself < PROPFIRST > , if a cow ever got the < PROPMALE > , he'd eat you and everyone you care about . 
60% of the time , it works everytime . 
There's no need to be so terrible when you know I will do anything for you . 
more and more research is showing that those who see the downside of everything lead better and happier lives than those who see the positive of every situation . 
PORCUPINE TREE TONIGHT !!! Now I feel inspired to go practice . 
Oh damn . Such a good show . 
Your faith is doomed to failure . What you Believe will one day shatter . The only Truth I am certain of is that no one knows where we go . 
< PROPMALE > und < PROPMALE > pretty much kicks the ass of anything else Schoenberg did .... at least of what I've heard . 
god bless amazing slow downer . 
some days you just can't get rid of a bomb . 
an anime with a soundtrack of big band jazz and atonal orchestral usic ? you know I'm in . 
yep . 
it's not said enough , fuck the amish . 
The rain drops so gently and caresses my ear wispering things uncertain and exciting . 
' s last pet at home is dying .... fuck . 
< PROPFIRST > is too good at video games 
is the only hope for salvation and refuses to be martryed .... yeah .... sorry about that . 
somehow jammed his thumb on a doorknob , one point to you god . one point to you . 
needs a cool new cutting-edge facebook status , like cut-co , edge-com , or inter-slice . 
when the man receiving the nobel peace prize says he doesn't really think he deserves it then maybe you should reconsider who is deciding these things . 
doesn't need more sleep , but does need to start getting said sleep at earlier hours . 
thinks you should give him a call and see paranormal activity with him tonight . 
Loves the Rain 
dear person who plays djembe in my building , you are not good at all , I hope to god you are a guitar player or singer or something non-rhythm related because you suck , and your playing is very annoying . trying to play the same beat for 30 minutes and never getting it for more than 4 bars is a sign you should kill yourself . 
So apparently Fresno is the dumbest city in < PROPFEMALE > , huh , I doubt this very much . 
just saw the rascal flats on conan , and oh my god , that drummer has the worst technique I've ever seen in my life , worse than my dad the one time he tried to play my drums . 
who's awesome ? you're awesome ! 
is probably the only person who wishes it was raining more . 
craves depression and the feeling of being empty sometimes , and is usually never happier than when everything seems imppossible . The drug of existentialist drepressioin is quite strong indeed . 
misses how cool sunsets look back home . 
does not understand the difference between the news feed and live feed . 
any student college student interested in getting windows 7 can get it for 30 bucks until january 3 , 2010 . so yeah , Second OS here I come . 
haha , so that's way my hands start to shake everytime time I get near a bag of lays BBQ . http://digg.com/d318IS1 
so the voice of one of the main villians of dragon age is < PROPMALE > curry , tuesday can't come soon enough . 
needs a costume . 
might be getting sick , and may have to hurt someone . 
feels terrible and wants to know why colds always seem to affect him worse than others . 
is very tired but cannot stop coughing long enough to sleep . 
tomorrow will kick ass/suck when I get dragon age , and I have to struggle to not fail all my classes because of it . 
any show that uses a reference of \the marle to my crono\ " gets at least a half shit season pass from me . " 
Killed Mr. Body .... in the study ..... with the revolver ...... 
Is this the untimely end of Milhouse ? 
Dreams of a day when sundays no longer mean doing work for the rest of the week . 
fell asleep at 6:30 last night only to wake up at 6 today realizing he would never get all his homework done in time for class . 
Could use some rain to cheer him up . 
Has been experiencing a lot of \new\ " singles by a large variety of artists that sound very similar to songs written 2-8 years ago . " 
is up much too late . 
roll call 
can hear the rain outside , it is beautiful sounding . 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck . 
staying up all night doing work = super lame . 
has a new class schedule for next semester . 
hearing the new < PROPFEMALE > single , lil ' < PROPMALE > calls himself a midnight cowboy . So he is a man who moves to a big town only to have his dreams broken and find himself having degrading sex with men for money since he can't do the same with women and make enough money to live ? 
everything falls apart and long after you're gone I'll still be smiling when mountains fall . Let the world burn and I'll open my arms wide . If Jesus isn't real you can grab my hand , I'll push you out of the fire into the stars and you can watch as everything so terrible looks beautiful from a distance . 
zup zot zoop zam . 
winter break can't come soon enough . 
walk out the door expecting horrible sunlight and instead get a nice friendly grey sky . 
would very much love a kindle DX with hundreds of scores loaded into it . 
so tired .... stayed up too late . will probably pass out early tonight . 
thinks the tourture porn genre needs an injection of adrenaline before it flatlines for good . It's about two more saws away from having anyone want to direct a film again . 
saw the name \fernando chang\ " in a credits list today . " 
The Police always have and always will fucking rule . 
the vatican's official position is that it is not a sin to be gay , but to engage in sexual activity outside of marriage is . People are fucking idiots . 
should have learned to paint much earlier in life . 
how can you not love history ? It is a collection of the greastest stories of heroism , passion , betrayal , and wickedness . Everything you go to the movies and watch tv for . 
feels like a million bucks , but stores won't take personallity as currency . 
For the love of god , never look at people's comments on youtube when they are asking about dodecaphonic music , if you understand how the music is being composed even halfway you'll go insane with people's random assumtions and ignorance . 
must get to bed at a reasonable time . must do more work today . 
There are so many things worth fighting for . 
thinks a WWII medal of honor recipient has earned the fucking right to erect a flag pole in his front lawn and perform flag services everyday if he wants to . Fuck his neighborhood if they think it is unsightly . what the fuck is his area code ? 088 ? 
loves that his grandma calls him up to tell him she started listening to this new band called mastadon and does he like them ? 
my dog died , kinda bummed . 
Flying by stars , ten seconds left . Salvation or damnnation , in my hands they rest . 
can school just be over already ? 
Moby < PROPMALE > is not a good book to read when you are tired . 
gonna drink so much when this semester is over . 
had a bunch of dreams that ended in really graphic murders of friends , wtf subconscious ? 
very much wishes that men his age did not leave families at home to go fight the nazis . it would make his problems seem much worse instead of just making him feel like a wuss . 
\I am now as before a Catholic and will always remain so\ " - Hitler just saying .... " 
my dreams are radiant stars that burn out a moment too early , kamakazi suicide pilots crashing themselves against ships of sanity , in death birthing for different people both terror and resolve , always with uncetainty and the feeling I'm unworthy . 
would very much like to know who killed < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
feels like a viking in valhalla . 
avatar : looks amazing , but a really poorly written film , for anyone , but especially for a director like < PROPFIRST > . 
floating towards the sun in a ship with a nuclear bomb set to go off , jump into space without a helmet on and hold my breath . 
all roads lead to no where , so I set my sights to the stars and sail by night . 
< PROPFIRST > on battle bots if it was still around \we could make a giant robot with a huge dildo and call it the dildominator . \"" 
may lose guy points , but Love Actually is probably one of my favorite Christmas movies . 
< PROPFEMALE > chirstmas ! 
Thank you Jesus for saving Christmas by dying so < PROPFEMALE > could deliver presents . 
you've given everything and it still all seems like you might one day take it away , pull the mask off and reveal what I thought was a smiling face to be that of the demon's of < PROPFEMALE > . 
15 times I'll let you die , 7 more than i would a cat . Laughing you toss your wet hair back and as your bones blench I still pick at your neck . Your ignorance sustains me , your bold daring does not intimidate me , you may have every curse you wish to lay upon me , I will still wait , and you will fall , and I will smile as I am progress , and I live where you fear to tread . 
is really hoping the new decade is better than the last one . 
I AM A < PROPFEMALE > GOD !!! 
The path will be hard , it will leave you weak and at the mercy of the strong , it will not be worth it , but you'll walk it anyways , for anything else means nothing . 
sleep late , get up and write music , then surf the net for awhile , yeah , I could get used to this no prob . 
dear friends , you have been playing prominant roles in my dreams lately , some of these have been awesome , but other times you are dying and I wake up at first unware it was a dream and for the first hour of my day I am deeply troubled by this . So in conclusion , please send you physic mental projections to someone else , my mind can't take it much more . 
will become < PROPMALE > and buy a huge compound somewhere in california , and build lots of houses , and then you will live with him and chill and do fun things . okay ? 
another new year and still know zombie apocolypse ...... sigh ...... 
gonna fly in outspace and win the first galatic arms race . be back in time for tea . 
Just took two fat cocks up the ass ...... AT THE SAME TIME !!! 
love waking up late with nothing required of him . 
thinks 12-tone guitar is probably one of the hardest things to write for . 
Part of me is proud that you are willing to stick to your beliefs despite all the evidence to the opposite , Part of me also wants to take a shit right now . 
just a few more hours left .... 
23 . 
if you don't like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , there is probably a hole in your chest where your heart use to be . 
loves it when he sees people start causes against some corporate practice and they don't realize what they want the corporation to do is illegal . Way to go morons ; maybe you should work on getting the laws changed first ? hmmm ? No thats okay , you can keep championing your righteousness and bemoan the evil corporations actions that you don't even understand . Dammit , now you bastards have me defending big business . 
everything I do to you , I do to me first . 
call me mint jelly . cause i'm on the lamb . 
Back in Boston . 
really wants you to watch modern family . It's probably one of the best shows on television right now . If you like arrested development and best in show , you'd this a lot . 
the important things in life are the things you would die for . 
I think my favorite moment of being back home is listening to meshuggah in the car with my grandma heading out to eat some indian food . But the moment is over , time to make some new memories this semester . 
nobody is exempt from pain . 
Wants to know why , if < PROPMALE > Groening is sup a merchandising whore who will shamelessly put the Simpsons on so many other things , he does not produce a duff beer . 
I need to shift my sleeping pattern , still feeling like it's the west coast . 
oh sprig of spring in wicked winter . Life you bravely rain down upon me in defiance of frosty death . Your joy quietly heard by those who will listen beat a drum hope against the silence of death . 
oh sprig of spring in wicked winter . Life you bravely rain down upon me in defiance of frosty death . Your joy quietly heard by those who will listen beats a drum of hope against the silence of death . 
has got the sugar , now he must get the power . 
30 Rock's portrayal of boston was awesome . 
\The greatest show on earth\ " may be the first thing I've ever read that I think people should stop what they are doing and get it now ! " 
I gearing up for friday night !...... oh ..... 
gearing up for saturday night !....... oh ....... 
got the nerve and nothing that requires it . 
Music .... mmmmmmm .... 
sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep sheep sleep . 
you've got to be fucking kidding me , who the fuck plays a hand drum at 12:45 am ? 
grinding bones , making some bread . 
most people will never have an original thought their entire life . 
Salinger is dead . Fuck . 
An artist's only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection , and on his own terms , not anyone else's 
Plato is boring . 
< PROPMALE > Vaughan Williams : Tallis Fantasia ...... damn .... 
LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU !!! 
The pills take hold of your mind and flesh , you're brave and strong , you don't fear death . 
I'm kinda tired of seeing bands with one woman in them and she sings . How about two ? and maybe neither sings ? and its not an all girl band ? I dunno ; maybe that's just me , maybe in another thirty years I'll see something like that , for some reason I think it would be really awesome if that were the cause . 
is going to try really hard to go to bed at a responsible time ( i.e. before midnight . ) 
why must I feel compelled to correct every anthropological and historical inaccuracy I find on youtube ? The answers I receive sometimes drive me insane , what the hell does it mean when someone says \you are right physically . \ " I spent way too long reading over and over again until I can only conclude that the english language is changing before my eyes or I'm talking to someone who uses babel fish to speak in english . " 
Let me out ! Let me out ! Let me out ! 
why do my dreams hate me so much . 
don't go to bed with a frown ! ( yay 30 rock ! ) 
they say fresno is the drunkest city in < PROPFEMALE > and boston the least , well I sure gave it the old college try last night . 
cousin , business is a boomin ' 
do yourself a favor and search for a video called \Gimme Dat Christian Side Hug \"" 
I was meant for clear skies but instead I swim in the sea . 
and you get that feeling , that you've been wrong again , the answers aren't coming and the test is about to begin . 
you're awesome , but I bet you already knew that , didn't you ? 
you don't know who you are , can't see the stars cause you think you're the sun . 
< PROPMALE > devito says the word \whore\ " better than anyone in the world . " 
someone please go into the calender making business with me , it's gotta be super easy , we can make ones with really crappy pictures and sell them to hipsters for the irony . 
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . 
if there is such a thing as a true Zen state of mind , it must surely be in a meter of 7 . 
Biggest case of senioritis ever . 
people are like children . give them a lolly and they'll suck you off . - < PROPFIRST > Barrera 
I'm really not happy that Rush Limbaugh almost made an non-bigoted statement regarding the whole retard fiasco , seriously , it scares me that he's the closest to sane out of all the talking heads on this one , just unbelievable , the world may really be ending . 
the end of of the world is coming , do you rape , run , or just sit there with a stupid grin on your face ? 
how come everyone's classes are canceled except mine ? grumble grumble , guess I'll go to class now . 
soon I will leave , and you'll forget all about me , and I you , and I won't like that its happening and you won't either , but it still will , even if while moving forward it feels like going backwards , because neither of us can compromise our only < PROPMALE > at happiness . 
good job weather , way to not cancel school . 
I was visited by God in a dream last night , he wanted me to tell you that I am the 2nd coming and you should worship me , I don't have any proof , but have faith and I will lead us into the light . 
no school till tuesday . 
Living in fear is not living . 
Move along nothing to see here ..... oh wait there's a dead body , hey everyone crowd around ! 
Your children will remember every word you say , never doubt that you’re leading them astray . 
watching an episode of legends of the hidden < PROPFEMALE > is a great way to wake up in the morning . 
wow , the cynicism is thick today . Really thick . 
wants a practice room with a view . 
I'm pretty sure electronic music sounds the best when < PROPFIRST > in french . 
Go Ninja , Go ! 
is running around in circles , going insane listening to music , great day has turned into super boring day . AAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHH !!!!! 
is kind of a big deal . 
Visions dance in my head , will they forever be dreams , or will I start to give a damn ? 
I cut the brakes , WILD CARD BITCHES !!! 
has strategically placed a certain object in various places in boston , if you can find one , you will get a great prize , they will certainly look out of place so that should help you find them . 
my dream for myself is to one day have a sleep cycle that mimics some sort of pattern instead the my current situation of going to bed early some days to wake up at 4 in the morning and others days going to bed AT 4 in the morning . 
\joy is but the shadow pain casts . \ " Thank you Simpsons for yet another quote I will never forget . " 
some days you really just want to tear everything down brick by brick and then smash the rubble . 
Sleep is such a wast of time . 
only needs 2 hours of sleep for today apparently . 
So I'm a pretty big pacifist and I hate violence ( no matter how funny it always is ) but I've been thinking about it and really , there's one group of people we need to just straight out kill . Anyone that actually sees family circus and likes it . Seriously , these people have got to go . 
is balls deep 
ABC ! Always Be Closing ! 
If you can't love someone till you love yourself , why is it that people believe you can hate someone without hating yourself as well ? 
watercraft and wenches . 
time to sleep , good night . 
has established a sleep pattern , its just that he doesn't go to bed till about 3 or 4 and then wakes up around 11 . 
for just a moment the world went back in time and no one noticed . 
I think Pringles ' initial intention was to make tennis balls . But on the day that the rubber was supposed to show up , a big truckload of potatoes arrived . But Pringles is a laid-back company . They said \Fuck it . Cut ' em up . \"" 
hey let's play a board game ! I've got ... chinese checkers .... uh ... clue , we could solve a mystery together ... or uh connect four ? 
We all sacrifice for those we care about , it don't make you a fucking saint . We all lie , cheat , and plot destruction , it don't make you the devil . You're just human and you'll never be anything more . 
Best way to solve finical crisis ? remove tax exemptions for religions and married folk . okay probably not a good enough solution , or even a good one at that , it would just make me feel better . 
RAGE . Sometimes it really feels good . 
10 seconds of the view will make your head explode . 
so bored , need more things to do . 
It wasn't me ! I swear ! 
The best chip , is truly the < PROPFEMALE > chip . 
If you have a PS3 , you should have Heavy Rain , insane how good that game is . 
people should not call you when you are sleeping . its fucked up . 
They say if you scratch a cynic you'll find a disappointed idealist . 
you ever talking to someone and then at the same time have a completely different conversation with them on a facebook wall ? 
is starving and should have remembered dinner like two hours ago . 
is pissed off by a lot of things in this world and would change them if he could , but not you . 
officially has no sleep schedule anymore . 
Power Rangers movie , this is all . 
wanna take a razor to my throat just to freak you out when I come back from the grave . 
gonna take a dip in the see and swim to the bottom , I'll be back once I've found some pirate treasure . 
Just have to get through today , then the weekend starts , damn I don't want to go to anything today . 
the hardest part of school really is just showing up . 
If all I had was my dreams I'd still feel richer than most the people on this planet . 
two cops plus stupid under pressure always equals hilarious sight in boston . 
the apotheosis begins . 
we're all the hero we need , let the gods fade from memory . 
fuck its late/early , 6 am , time for bed . 
Man , < PROPMALE > Waits is such a badass . 
Definitely ate shit on some stairs last night . Was neither that drunk nor that tired for that to happen . Next time I see them , those stairs are getting made into a ramp . 
wait .... how the hell did I not see < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland this weekend ? 
We have a saying in my country - the coyote of the desert likes to eat the heart of the young and the blood drips down to his children for breakfast , lunch and dinner and only the ribs will be broken . 
Caught me making eyes at the other boatman's wives , and heard me laughing louder at the jokes told by their daughters . 
shall I walk on egg shells that feel like glass ? shall I dance so you can laugh ? ...... be fucking okay already . 
My phone is completely dead , don't try calling me right now . 
phone is now fine 
plus she's religious , that one gets pregnant , it stays pregnant , believe me . 
Don't let me be , I just might set my eyes towards the sea . 
thursday night , hurry up and get here so I can be on spring break . 
Lady gaga ..... get out of my head !!! 
So who's gonna be in boston for spring break ? 
its never to late to find out that everything that is important to you is not what will make you happy , the lines in the sand beg for the water of the ocean . 
I'm sorry but your < PROPFIRST > mraz's and < PROPFIRST > mayer's can't hold a candle to < PROPFIRST > Cash and < PROPMALE > Waits . 
last day before spring break begins now . 
SPRING BREAK !!!!! WHOOOO !!! * cue club music and drunken bros about to get their ass beat * 
So glad to have reason back in my life . 
all this love . Rainbow Stalin . 
You sent me money to only be used for drinking . Grandma , you rock ! 
been up since 8 . is this how you are supposed to do break ? 
Who are the ones that we kept in charge ? Killers , thieves and lawyers . 
The Rains sounds so beautiful on the fire escape , I may just hug and kiss the next person I see . 
Can you make the rain fall forever ? It sounds so perfect and feels so amazing that if you could perfect stranger , I'd marry you . 
Conclusion from walk in the rain : I really love the rain . 
What sucks most about waking up around 8 everyday ? I do everything I need to do for the day and you son of a bitches are still sleeping when I get done . 
Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain Rain for the third day in a row . Yay !!! 
cracked open FF XIII for a little gaming before everyone is up and ST . P's day begins . There are 3 cds and I've been staring at an opening cutscene for about 6 minutes , jesus this game is gonna be long . 
So many drunken posts , looks like everyone enjoyed saint < PROPFIRST>'s day . 
There is a slight < PROPMALE > I can wear shorts today , this excites me . 
Dear Blizzard , you are a cruel cruel entity for allowing me to activate my beta key but then not having a < PROPMALE > installer .... you suck , you really do . 
There's not much break left , let's go exploring . 
today is a perfect day to do something awesome . 
You owe to yourself to see repo men , you owe to your family . 
I don't think anyone will ever love me the way I love everything in this world . Every second of misery is worth every moment of happiness . 
just woke up . now what ? 
I want a God Damn , liter , OF COLA ! 
I'm looking at when I will fly back . I'll have my apartment through all of May and if anyone is gonna be around in that month I might just put off going directly home . So anyone gonna be around for a week or so after graduation/finals ? 
looks like I just got a few years added to my health insurance . also , WEEEEEEE !!!!! AAAAAAAAHHHHH !!!!!!! oh ..... 
apples come from apple stores . 
let's just drink and fight and run around the globe . 
wasn't a big fan of planetary duality when it came out , its starting to grow on me . 
you know you are making a good sandwich when your house smells like bacon . 
why don't they stop telling me on the news the panda's didn't fuck again this year ? I have no interest in panda fucking , if they want to they will , if they don't they'll watch the price is right . 
wants to watch bedknobs and broomsticks . 
wake up feeling like shit , fuck that . I'm gonna punch life in the face and take what's mine . 
Hey everyone , < PROPFIRST > talked about visiting me in May , I graduate the first week of may and then have the rest of the month for my apartment , if anyone wants to visit boston with a free place to stay , let me know . I'm considering staying for a bit if this is the case , if not , I'll probably be jetting back home earlier in the month . 
I don't have faith in faith/I don't believe in belief/You can call me faithless/I still cling to hope/And I believe in love/And that's faith enough for me . 
my life is essentially worthless right now . it doesn't make me sad , just like I should be doing more every day . 
ugh , I wish the practice rooms opened before noon on the weekends , always feel like so much of the day is spent waiting to go practice . I don't like starting my day 2pm at all . 
wake up in the morning don't remember much of anything past midnight . Grab my cell phone see a bunch of texts that don't make sense . Before I get up I stretch and yawn and feel some marks on my back . Best not to live in the past , you can't go back . / DON'T STOP , MAKE IT POP , DJ BLOW MY SPEAKERS UP !!! ( todays status update brought to you by the song tik tok by < PROPFEMALE > and my current fuzziness of last night . ) 
Sweet Odin's < PROPFEMALE > !! 
took a walk for three hours , meditated . nothing made him feel better . you know what did though ? drinking 7 beers . 
If it rains like it is supposed to I will be happy , but I'd rather it was spring and shorts weather , cause then everyone would win . 
The familial group of WU-Tang , is not that which thee may fornicate with 
I wish all of you could enjoy this weather as much as I do . But don't worry , come thursday its supposed to be gorgeous . 
Sometimes its the most off-hand comment told partially in jest that really strikes a chord in your heart , and even if its not true you really want it to be and that's enough right there . 
Would you like a spot of tea ? 
..... 
For a show called reading rainbow , the audience did very little reading . 
* insert april fool's day joke here * 
I'm resolving to spend the rest of my fridays going about this great city since it looks like the weather will be of an acceptable nature . 
too many people are fearful of the future , ignorant of the present , and wary of the past . 
I slept one hour and woke up wide awake , I'm so pissed right now . 
Today was a great day , I need to have more of them . 
Happy Easter to all who enjoy it . 
am I the only one that sleeps with their head at the foot of the bed sometimes ? 
let's be young and stupid . 
okay , now let's be young and wise . 
When I run for dictator my motto will be . \A world ruled by me would be a paradise indeed . \"" 
The slime looks so good on your face , one for charm , one for disgrace . Cunt ! 
If you have the choice between going to class or just enjoying a day like today was , skip class . Trust me on this one . 
sitting in a confessional , speaking to a deaf and mute god , she found no comfort for life's tests , angels watched but only long enough to turn their heads . 
Everybody hates you . Everybody wishes that you were dead . < PROPFIRST > you suck . < PROPFIRST > you suck . < PROPFIRST > your music is fucking terrible . < PROPFIRST > you suck , < PROPFIRST > you suck . You don't do anything of value . < PROPFIRST > you suck . Go write some music . But instead you sit and write these bullshit songs . It's so self-loathing . Go see a psychiatrist . I hate the psychiatrist . Go see one anyway . 
kicked the cold , now the real question is . Do I party tonight and probably wake up sick or be responsible and feel good when I wake up tomorrow ? 
You've just been invited to spend the evening in a 2 bedroom hothouse with the coo-coo pigeon sisters . What do you mean you're not going ?!? 
Feels like you've been up forever when you've been up since 7 . 
Let's ransack the city tonight . Mmkay ? 
Don't look her in the eyes . 
dear hipsters , don't be at parties I go to . I will drink all your shitty beer and leave to let you be sober by 12 , well maybe some of you will be drunk , I refuse to touch the natty ice . 
ugn , why can't I sleep in ? 
oh the weather outside is weather ....... fuck you boston , I want my damn spring already . Give me back last wednesday !!! 
Something is seriously wrong and needs intervention . But I guess its more import to be reverent of those with religious beliefs than to prevent the rape of children . Widespread cover-up across the globe is no longer just something that could or could not be true , this much we know and anyone doing anything to help these fucks doesn't deserve to be walking around a free man . 
I have one class at 2 today and I don't even want to go to that one . 
Yes . Yes , I did it . I killed < PROPFEMALE > . I hated her , so much ... it-it- the f - it -flam - flames . Flames , on the side of my face , breathing-breathl- heaving breaths . Heaving breath ... 
But I'ma make your bitch ass holla/Cause I'ma put a hole in your head/The size of a half a dolla/Fuck around and get your cap peeled cause this is/Die muthafucka , die muthafucka kill/Die muthafuckas , die muthafuckas still fool/Die muthafuckas , die muthafuckas still . 
They made a movie about Igor Stravinsky .......... and Coco < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
Work is the curse of the drinking classes . 
forgot how good dubstep can feel . 
Strippeeeeeerrrrrrssssss !!!! 
teachers , please keep coordinating your class cancelations , it is very awesome . 
college card night , they till have tickets , I recommend you guys get some , good looking line up of music . 
class at 9 but all I gotta do is show up and sleep in the class fuck yeah time for another beer . 
I like to think of Jesus as a mischievous badger . 
Take all those moments that mean so much to you and put them in your heart in case your mind should ever lose them . 
When it comes out , see \Get Him to the Greek\ " . As good as forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > if not better . " 
Bottling up warm feelings for winter days . 
Look , I know how much he meant to you ; and if you need to go pass some eye water I'll go out get you some weakness tissues . 
Kick-Ass . Tonight . 
I'm not a baby , I am a man . I am an anchorman ! 
Crooked was the path , and brazen was the walk . 
< PROPMALE > Ash has the best profile picture right now !!! I'd like to encourage you all to follow his trend . The man is a genius . 
Kick-Ass was just that . Go see it , you won't be disappointed . 
Its a bit odd to see myself in so many profile pictures , but also hilarious . 
Are you seeing planes ? Is your name Tattoo ? Because I swear to God , you're living on Fantasy Island . 
trippy dreams + periodic waking up = lack of clear definition of reality for an hour or so . 
just remembered no school on monday . yes !!!! 
Realtor and the person looking at my apartment just complimented me on how nice and clean my apartment is ..... its kind of in mess mode , I'd hate to think about what they've looked at . 
flies like paper , gets high like planes . 
all day spent working . time to stop that shit and do something . 
In response to your statement that it's 4/20 somewhere ..... no , actually its very possible it isn't . 
must have drank a lot , didn't wake up till all of 9:30 today . 
no school tomorrow , so you know what that means tonight . 
Not good , not good at all . Fuck . 
despite minor things of bullshit , last night was overall really fun . 
Deserves whatever happens next and its okay cause its his fault . 
Teacher cancels class for the third meeting in a row , always a different reason , I'm starting to think he's just tired of teaching . 
would like to thank you for your lack of 4/20 status updates today . 
yeah ...... 
only 18% of women have 6 or more alcoholic drinks a week ? Either I know a lot of alcoholics or ...... me thinks some may be lying ..... a lot . 
You can train older men to fight for their country , but you can never get them to believe they like it . 
are there anyones more annoyed then the grammar police in the internets ! 
Its unfair to claim no one knows how your holy relic came to be when you won't let anyone examine it . 
I thought you had the dumbest fucking idea to combine a scarf with a tank-top , then I realized it was your neckbeard carefully sculpted over what must have taken a very long time . It still looked fucking stupid , but i commend your sense of self-worth and willingness to do something so stupid . 
may be the only person who loves getting caught in the rain completely unprepared . 
all generalizations are always wrong .... all the time ... 
Ich wünschte , du könntest mir verzeihen . Ich wünschte , ich hätte dich nie verletzen . Ich wünsche , dass mehr als alles andere . Ich bin froh , Sie sprechen kein Deutsch und ich spreche es schlecht . 
Man kann nicht alles ändern , aber Sie sollten dennoch versuchen . 
sigh ... 
another day and the sky's projected to be gray . when does spring start exactly ? 
Life is too few breaths , I'll spend them as foolishly as I wish and savour every moment , even the bad ones . 
(: u ? op ? p ? sdn u ? o ?? ???? u ? n ? 
Theeeeeyyyy've got a power that youuu've never seen before ! 
I don't want to be friends with someone that doesn't love the power rangers . it just doesn't seem right . 
Zombie's are real , I have seen them . 
The worlds an oyster with an endless amount of pearls . Remember those stories you were told and hold dear those children's tales . 
is gonna hire two private detectives and pay them to follow each other . 
A lot of people just don't like to think , or ponder anything of depth . No matter how old I get , I'm not sure if I'll ever be at peace with this no matter how much I try to be . 
Its gonna be a couple of sleepless nights and no distractions to get everything done I think ..... sigh .... 
Getting stressed ... need to sleep ... need to eat ... need more nutrition than just caffeine in the morning ... need to finish up school portfolio ... need to be done with school ... need to make money after school ... need to fix the messes I've made ... need to be a better person ... need to do way too much so best to get those feet moving . 
does not remember this conversation , are you sure you weren't high on angel dust staring at the ceiling fan ? 
Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin I don't need Heroin Heroin Heroin :( Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin I need some Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin :P Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin psh , You guys are crazy ! 
Its was so < PROPFEMALE > when I was outside I saw a kid on a tricycle turn into the wind and take off like a rocket . I was slightly envious of the joy on his face . 
One more week .... if it were any more than that I think I would drop out . I'm so glad to not be going to school anymore . 
If a will stipulates you have to spend a night in an old house , you better hope everyone else is sluts and black guys . 
Now , you take connector a and insert into receptacle A-14Z3 and turn counter-clockwise in a semi circle four times . now with your newly made elbow hinge , swing your cross-t leveler into the plug and twist in a horseshoe shaped motion . Having made your new carpet ..... ENJOY !!! 
I fucking shit you not . Ridley < PROPFIRST > is directing a Monopoly Movie . As in the fucking board game . Hope its as good as clue . 
Getting stressed ... need to sleep ... need to eat ... need more nutrition than just caffeine in the morning ... need to be done with school ... need to make money after school ... need to fix the messes I've made ... need to be a better person ... need to do way too much so best to get those feet moving . 
wishes he owned a water company . 
would make a great film noir detective . 
Hey , you're making me look stupid . Get out of here , Panda Jerk . 
had an amazing dream last night , and then he woke up and had to start studying for a final : c 
Might just straight up murder technology . 
Sushi . Just say yes . 
brushing my teeth without boiling water = the best . 
Recently read about a study that men get dangerous levels of stress when around attractive women . Ok ... A ) why are these people spending time on this instead of making me a flying car !?!? B ) Really ? This is news ? This really needed a study to confirm ? Look at every fucking poet who ever wrote on love or women , or I dunno , how about just the emo status updates of people ? 
jedi mind tricks only work on simple minded fools ... wait ... I don't need mind powers to mess with those people , what the hell is this crap good for if I can't use it on smart people ? 
something is really bothering me and its that Bird Law in this country is not governed by reason . 
go go gadget \wake the fuck up ! \ " button . " 
If I had to fight one person from history , it would have to be < PROPMALE > Warhol . 
One more day , I can do this , I can do this , I can do this . 
and all this spilled fourth like paint on a canvasssssss without much sense or form , abstract in every sense even to the one who made its form . 
twirling swirling whirling through worlds yet unexplored , bring me joy , bring me hope , bring me conquered worlds that need freeing . 
Just rolled his ankle leaving class harder than ever before , hope its not sprained , supposed to be doing a lot of walking for the next couple of days . 
hahaha , like a wave most of my pain just went away , god bless copious amounts of painkillers . hahahaha . 
wishes he could walk , would be nice to be enjoying the weather outside . at least there's the SC2 beta to keep him company . 
I really feel like my old self again , so much weight seems to have disappeared now that its all over . Feels good man . Feels real fucking good . 
does not particularly like it when people put the emPHAsis on the wrong syLABle . But even more so when people emphasize THE wrong word IN a sentence . Yet poor grammar and spelling are just fine .... go figure . 
Time for sleep , the first one knowing I don't have to get up and do anything but what I want . :) 
its great when all your favorite bands name each other as their favorite bands . 
< PROPFIRST > De Niro , < PROPMALE > Trejo , < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Cheech < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Lohan , and < PROPFIRST > Seagal . Yes , this is the cast of Machete . You know you want to see it . 
graduation ceremony soon ... I'd rather sleep in that go , if only the parents would allow that . 
Alright , graduation felt pretty cool , I'm glad I went . So where is the party tonight guys ? Don't tell me its \family time\ " those old people won't be up that late . " 
look at your faults , stare them right in the eye if you dare . 
awake for an hour and nothing to do .... why does everyone sleep in so late ? / why do I wake up so early ? 
Its Mother's Day , call your mother you jerk . 
You're a pretty special person and I'm glad to know you . Thanks guys and gals . 
Off to Salem with the family . 
Salem was relaxing , now time for lobster . I'm starting to think my family coming to my graduation was a really good idea . U mad ? 
dear apple , make your lowest display light , a bit dimmer pleas ...... tank you ... 
What kind of a world do we live in where I can't buy a legit copy of legends of the hidden < PROPFEMALE > on DVD ? 
really needs an awesome bubble pipe , anyone know where I can get them , the internet is not being very forthcoming with answers . 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? = free time city , time to go to work . 
family gone , time for work and time for fun . 
a prelude , a picture , some prose , a song , a drawing , and lunch . The plan of doing everything I've been putting off the last couple of months is going really well , now who's free tonight ? 
<- :-P 
set my alarm to wake me a little before ten so I wouldn't sleep the day away , apparently my body decided I needed to be up sooner than that . Good thing I guess , otherwise I might not have been able to stop the first few assassins . Ninjas wearing black I get , but one of them was in a UPS uniform and the other was pretending ( rather poorly ) to be a neighbor trying to get to their door while I was checking my mail . 
Why is is so hard to find a fricken realistic looking bubble pipe ? 
Might get a lot of haters , but honestly , vegetarian chilli tastes better than its meat counterpart . 
Has a date with a certain Sir Ridley < PROPFIRST > today . < PROPFIRST > Hood baby !!! You know you want to see it !!! 
did what any person would have done in his position . Fake his way into a community college position teaching spanish using only phrases he picked up from Sesame Street . 
If you liked Kingdom of Heaven , you should like < PROPFIRST > Hood . 
May have committed some light treason . 
Our Great War's a spiritual war ... our Great Depression is our lives . We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires , and movie gods , and rock stars . But we won't . And we're slowly learning that fact . 
does indeed simply walk into Mordor . 
Tigers love pepper , they hate cinnamon . 
Happiness and sorrow , Pleasure and pain . Nothing like life to make you feel alive ! I love everything right now . 
new idea for a combat sport : drunken boxing + skateboards . What could go wrong ? 
< PROPFIRST > Kennedy ... uber fail , but its alright < PROPMALE > , I'll see you in a few weeks . 
A little less than two weeks left in Boston . 
Making a prediction you will post somewhere around noon . ( do I know you that well or is this such a vague statement it could apply to anyone , or is it both ? ) 
Is there a manly way to say \toodles \"?" 
Don't be too hard on the girl , she was most upset at my funeral . 
Feels classy when he has a paintbrush in his mouth and no pants on while kaki < PROPMALE > plays in the background . 
Do yourself a favor and just stand out in the rain and don't care how wet you get . Just stand in it and feel every drop hit you . Feel how alive you really are . 
Fuck you mister weed smoker , I had nice rain air to breathe . It should probably be legal , but you should also probably be beaten with a hose . 
Super Simple Slick Stamps . Now try to say that over and over . 
You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . 
wow , so I'm forced to be linked to the pages of things that I claim to have an interest in ... guess my interests shall remain blank then .... can someone come up with something better than facebook so I can leave this pos site ? 
Saw the seashore , unfamiliar/The water and oil , unfamiliar/Success and toil , unfamiliar/Unaccustomed , unfamiliar 
Breathe , breath in the air . 
Seriously , read East of < PROPFEMALE > , maybe you had a bad experience in school or something with the book or one of his other books , but just let yourself read the damn thing with no pretense and see where it takes you . 
One week left . 
plans for the future and lets the moments come when they do . 
tortured and dead I slam my head . the sick red liquid is already brown by the time you find me and I laugh at your tears and then cry at your joy . and then I laugh , i laugh with a pure joy i've never felt until your death . 
Holy shit , the new oceansize album is done . I don't wanna wait till september to get it !!!! 
Does anyone else find russian neo-nazi's sadly ironic ? 
Are you avoiding risks in life to make it safely to death ? 
monday ... tuesday ... wednesday ... thursday ... leave friday .... wow ... 
3 Ninjas , if you don't know what the hell I'm talking about , I feel real real bad for you son . 
your eyes .... they're small in size , but they see enormous things . 
If you are wondering if what you did was a bad idea and it resulted in carrot cake ... the answer is no . 
Pillows , the one thing you probably think the least about and use everyday . 
tonight and tomorrow night , and then that's it . 
last night in Boston , and then back to cali ... cali ... cali . 
Shine the light in dark places . 
very shortly heading back to california . 
Is on a plane and on the internet ..... rad . 
The amount of love people have been sending me today and yesterday is almost overwhelming . Thanks guys , you make life worth living and you make it damn fucking enjoyable too . 
Back in California . Time for ZZZZzzzzzz .... 
I am going to eat mexican food today , and it will taste like it is supposed to . Today is gonna be insanely good for that reason alone . 
This is what we call a brain ! 
woman gets raped , ends up dating her rapist two years later . That man must have incredible charisma or there is something really wrong with that woman . probably both . 
Has the movie \Hard Boiled\ " going while he nurses a big jug of sangria that was freshly made and waits for tri-tip to finish cooking . This relaxing thing ain't so bad . " 
another day , another < PROPMALE > to satisfy all the needs invented by my eye . 
is putting you in charge of his netflix's account , but know this : I don't ever want to not have kindergarden cop . 
dreamt an entire song last night and woke up knowing how to play it , here's hoping that happens again tonight . 
is a moment , as if you tossed a coin and it froze and crystalized and there wasn't a camera around so it will always have to be carefully guarded in your mind . 
Now , what you hear is not a test - I'm rappin ' to the beat , And me , the groove , and my friends are gonna try to move your feet . 
lost at noughts and crosses/downstairs clinking glasses/let me through the window/tell them nothing happened 
Is going swimming . If you're really nice , maybe he'll let you join . 
Some people just stare at you blankly when you describe what immense feelings and passion arises in you with the things that matter to you , they don't understand and never will . They simply don't have the privilege of being able see things and realize what immense beauty is taking place in the most ugly of situations . I imagine that's like to knowing God as religion would define it , the emptiness at least . 
I like abstract < PROPMALE > because you can stare at fifty paintings feeling nothing and suddenly you find one that makes you stop and have ( for lack of a better word ) a divine moment . There's something there , the < PROPMALE > ist has found it and the rest of the world is still trying to figure why some of it works and some of it doesn't . 
Misses < PROPMALE > Miller getting pumped and moshing about the place . Aleksandra Georgievska trying to not get beat and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > McCloud looking on hoping he won't have do anything . 
Sometimes I think about killing myself just because it would really freak people out . But then I realize I wouldn't get to see the shock on your faces , thus its not really that appealing . 
can't get on west coast time , ah !! 
Big Booty Bitches ! Big , Big Booty Bitches ! Whoo !! Big Booty Bitches ! Big , Big Booty Bitches ! Whoo !! Big Booty Bitches ! Big , Big Booty Bitches ! Whoo !! 
Kwyjibo-A big dumb balding North American ape , with no < PROPFEMALE > . 
let's all go dancing and pretend we aren't self-conscious or afraid of the world and the love we have is free . Let's pretend that everything we say doesn't matter and for a night we just want to pretend we aren't who we are . 
< PROPMALE > 5 ..... so goooooooooooooood . 
wrap them in lies to keep them warm at night , or bare them to the truth and make them adjust to the cold . 
I don't care what you say , Lady Gaga is not an attractive woman . I'm looking at you < PROPMALE > Miller . 
could sure go for an episode of two stupid dogs or < PROPMALE>'s lab , especially the episode where they play dnd . 
Caught me making eyes at the other boatman's wives and heard me laughing louder at the jokes told by their daughters . 
The subjectivity of people drives me insane and sends me on a pointless quest to be as objective as possible knowing at the same time I'll never achieve what I'm looking for . Its somewhat maddening at times asking yourself constantly if what you are thinking is rational and fair at all . 
Floats like an apache attack helicopter and stings like a coordinated airstrike from hell . 
Get a gun and create a kingdom . Its what the founders would have done . 
My parents knew each other for 3 weeks and got married and have been married for 29 years , sometimes that really just blows my mind . 
Its never a bad time for murder she wrote . 
A cork screw in the eye , twisted and pulled , laughter on a merry-go-round . Meow ? =) hahaha . 
its like being punched in the face ... no stabbed in the back .... no more like the last bite of a really good meal ... no actually its like 3 am and I'm awake and can't go fucking back to sleep because in the time it took to get a glass of water I'm wide awake . 
Meow listen here Meow . 
Holy crap , E3 has started ! 
Guns don't kill people . I kill people ..... with guns . 
A box , you know you loved them as a child . 
Every year , millions of turtles hatch and begin a long , dangerous march to the sea . Not all of them will survive . Even less will become black belts . 
Experimenting with pretzel designs . Do I go traditional or balls fucking crazy ? 
< PROPFIRST > Barrera is a mexican . ( pass it on ) 
Cool summer dinner #1 : marinate chicken in lime , red pepper , fresh garlic , and < PROPFEMALE > . Cook and serve with Mango salsa : mango , tomato , onion ( red if you want some extra heat ) , cucumber , salt ( very small amount ) and mint . Make it look pretty and enjoy . 
Grrrr .... camera not being recognizd by computer . How will I upload my awesome pictures !!!??? 
tacks mixed with jacks , for kids ! 
is gonna start training an army of koala assassins . 
Its really easy to like your dad when he is essentially you but older and more responsible . Happy Father's Day ! 
you will be ... you will be ... 
Henderson valley eggs !! These aren't you're grandma's eggs ! * cut to an old lady in a rocker on a porch * \I like eggs the old fashioned way\ " * man comes up punches her in the face * \ " Fuck you grandma ! \ " * cheesey guitar riffs and slides * Henderson valley eggs !! You're gonna love our eggs !!! " 
wishes you could read his mind so you'd really understand how much he misses his friends in boston . But fear not , one day he will be super < PROPMALE > and own a few Island's and then the awesome times will begin . 
homemade mango orange kiwi smoothie . delish . 
The times they are a changin ' . 
I shall not engage in fisticuffs for the pure joy it induces , nor the satisfaction of seeing your body lifeless . Nay , I shall pummel thy head with forceful blows until crimson pours forth because you have made the one mistake of thinking because I shy away from violence I am willing to be bashed about rather than give a lashing of legendary proportions . 
I saw someone on a bike crash into a pole earlier today when i was driving around town . It was hilarious because for 20 feet in any other direction he would have been fine , but he managed to find that roughly 6-inch pole of death . 
JUMANJI 
Can someone explain the expression \Tough Titties\ " to me ? It seems to make little sense as an expression . " 
So .... party at my place tonight ? Give me a call if you want to come over . 
furious fickle flames fire fifteen fortified famous future flintlocks . 
needs a < PROPMALE > style montage . 
Attention people who were at my place on friday night . < PROPFIRST > lost his pants and we've looked everywhere , that means one of you drunk jerks probably took it with you on accident , look for them . 
is a little tired , somewhat sore , and looking longingly at the pool .... yeah its probably time to go swimming again . I less than three summer . 
Put your mind to it and make things happen . 
According to my mom wanting to joust on hover-rounds makes me immature . I disagree . 
After careful consideration , < PROPMALE > is one of the best actor's of all time . 
' s poor bookshelves , they overflow with books . 
Pool in a couple hours . call me . Must beat heat . Beat it with baseball bats and commodore 64's . 
Nothing to see here , move along ..... 
< PROPMALE > Holt !! 
there's always hope Ghandi , when life gives you lemons , you clones those lemons and make super lemons . 
vigilante justice , the only kind of justice where none actually takes place . 
Climb's mountains just to show the gods he can come up there anytime he wants . 
Shadows have no home in the dark , its love that teaches us to hate . 
Perfectionist , you falter , I’ve got no mind to alter . 
the future is where we're going , ain't got no time to look back , the future is where we're going ain't got no time for those stuck in the past . 
Will someone please knock Lesnar the fuck out ? 
Wonders with a lack of jameson , no national guardsmen to challenge , no drunken assholes to < PROPMALE > down with the intent of beating the hell out of and just in general a less dense population : How will this 4th stack up to the last one . 
Croquet in the park and swimming in about an hour and a half . Text or call if you wanna get in , still room available if you wanna join us . 
is Self Preserved While The Bodies Float Up 
Five man band : bass player who can sing , rhythm guitar player that can sing , lead guitar player who can sing , multi-instrumentalist ( i.e. can play rhythm guitar and keyboard(mostly pads ) well and maybe some percussion ) that can sing , and me on drums and electronic percussion when it is called for . This is what I want for christmas . I've been good < PROPFEMALE > , I swear . 
Mukluk 
I read music just fine and have a lot of < PROPFEMALE > and free time , guess I'll start learning all of chopin's music , not like I've got anything better to do . 
How the fuck did I never realize that one of the themes in kill < PROPMALE > is taken from chopin's second prelude !!!???!!! 
projected high of 100 and above for the next five days , can anyone say pool ? I can , POOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sup ? 
My rage is a fire that never leaves me cold . My hate an erupting volcano to wash over my enemies and both choke and sear them . My love the only thing that can cool the two enough to justify my existence . My Apathy the world's Doom . I am me , but also you . In the moment I'm dying , so are you . 
no tv and no beer make < PROPMALE > something something 
Oh sky cake ... why are you so delicious ? 
Opening up a new book to read .... mmmmm .... 
Politics is the justification of compromising one's values . 
I have such a love/hate relationship with the Beatles . Some stuff I absolutely love and other stuff ranks with my most hated songs . 
Inception was awesome , I highly recommend you go see it . 
B- Boring A- Artistically Empty C- Chaff H- Hemostatic 
had a great day . 
So last night I dreamt an entire Simpsons episode I watched a few days ago , then I woke up . 
lazy day . movie , food , naps . Hmmm .... maybe I'll repeat it for the evening . 
mastered promo's of oceansize's new album exist ..... must find !!!!!! 
My totem is a bible , but only I know what the pages contain . 
How does the body determine when you are tired ? I was sleepy an hour ago , now I'm wide awake . 
Wants to know who stole the cookie from the cookie jar ? 
You know things are gonna go well when your grandma rolls up blasting Opeth . In fact they did , we went to the mexican market got amazing food , then we went to casa de tamale and got crazy tamales like strawberry creme cheese tamales and blueberry tamales . 
The wind talks to me like a rat in a maze dying to get out . From less than ten to forty I can be free . 
some days I want 7 toms , some days I just want a kick hi-hat and snare , other days I want musical prejudices to go away . 
is the proud proud father of a new drumkit . Its purdy and shinny and full of hope . 
To all my mp&e friends , I submit to you a puzzle : Find me a cheap ( relatively speaking , I understand they are still expensive , but I don't need any fancy crap like mixing or recording abilities for mine ) audio interface that I can record drums with . at least 4 mic inputs please :) 
I am the happiest and most content I have been in years . My heart and mind totally at peace . 
Shark Week bitches ! Fucking recognize ... 
Why is it that more often than not we seem to get with people that look very much like us ? Are we are just that egotistical ? 
Awake I stay , the night begs I play . Showing me the great benefits the < PROPFEMALE > has over the sun , I hold my eyes open , glad the darkness has come . 
Up Tempo jazz drumming could really benefit from some blast beat influence .. my two cents . 
Transcribing a dillinger escape plan song may have been the dumbest idea I've had in a long time , there are way too many notes to write out . 
super tired and exhausted . 
watching Watching kick-ass on blu < PROPFIRST > and playing SC2 . Yay for violence . 
being woken up the fix the fence because your dog broke through it is not a good idea and instead a great way to have someone who has been awake for ten seconds yell at you and ask why they aren't fixing it since their dog did it . 
Trick or Treat ? Which side are you on ? 
asymmetrical rhythms placed into a 4/4 frame ? Must be Meshuggah !! Which must mean my grandma has been in the driveway for 2 minutes now waiting for the song to finish before she comes inside . 
Sushi and a trip to central fish = good afternoon . 
swingeth the pimp cane and drinketh of the crunk juice in a way only befitting the world's grandest gentlemen or the lowliest scum . 
I like to read , not only that , I often like to read classic literature that isn't always easy to wrap your head around . I enjoy the fulfilling feeling from a great book and despise the emptiness of your < PROPMALE > potter's and your twilight's . I'm a big boy and not only do I read big boy books , I enjoy them !!! I'm a big boy !! I swear !!! 
Isn't afraid of a fate worse than death , just death , isn't that enough ? 
Just give me a bat and let me start beating some sense into this world . The task may seem daunting , but I'm up to it . 
Today is my lucky day ! 
The Expendables ..... Film !!!! 
There's always money in the banana stand . 
just finished making and eating sushi with his grandma . Good times . 
So bored that posting the fact that I'm bored on facebook sounds like fun . 
Sept . 14th . < PROPFIRST > the day !! 
The world needs a revolution . 
entropy is your friend , stagnation is not . 
is getting a late start on the day today , he should have never hooked his xbox back up . 
is looking forward to a fun night out . 
Sometimes all we can do is grab a gun and make violence , sometimes our hate and rage can be a spot of light in a dark tunnel that can bring us back to to the world and we can be ourselves again . Sometimes I speak a bunch of bullshit . 
Today is gonna be a great day , you know why ? Cause I said so !! 
On the subject of pirating : There is no fucking excuse for something that is pirated having a better user experience than the legit copy , why would someone ever pay for an inferior product ? 
I should just break down and buy sebelius already , I know finale really well and it still gives me constant headaches by way of glitches and bugs than I then spend hours fixing just so I can continue to main point of writing music . 
A lap dance is so much better when the stripper is crying . 
hates headaches . 
today has been amazing and its not even half done ? Oh and guess who's recording shit came in today ? MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEEEE !!!!!! I have a feeling I'll be spending the rest of my day hauling my drumkit all over my house in big rooms and small ones and ones with hard wood and ones with carpet of tile , mmmmmm .... 
My wiimotes disappeared I have all the attachments , but the damn things have vanished . 
likes the way semen feels going down his throat 
BBQ at my place about 6:30 or 7 , give me a call or come buy if you want in . 
is amazing . 
you can accomplish so much more than you could possibly imagine . 
roll call : Everyone sign in . 
Everything's looking up Milhouse . 
dear jazz friends , looking for very uptempo jazz , more on the bebop side of things or contemporary . Looking for musicians playing their asses off at fast tempos , Albums wanted , not single songs . My Music Library will thank you . 
Only soldiers and victims of war have seen the sins of God . 
Words to lose your faith by , words to lose your life by , words and all of them pointless and pale next to the warmth of life . 
The new Oceansize album is possibly one of the best albums I've ever heard , it is so damn perfect . Its the kind of album you put on , and just fucking listen to and don't do anything else . It gives me that feeling like I don't want anything in life but to hear it over and over again . 
Some days you just feel like you've won at life , this is one of those days . 
How come no one ever writes a song about love ? 
has been recording all day and is starting to lose his mind , but in a good way . 
my fingers feel like they are gonna fall off , this whole recording thing would be a hell of a lot better if I was any good at guitar . 
I have a beautiful fiancee . :) :) :) :) 
If you don't know , tonight at my place , 7:30 , moving away party . 
Favorite random internet quote of the day : \It's not gay if its < PROPMALE > Favre . It's never gay when it's < PROPMALE > Favre . \"" 
had his mood ring taken away and doesn't know how he feels about it . 
is slowly but surely getting everything moved in , if anyone wants to help me move a ton of shit on saturday let me know ( be it going to LA , or just lifting things into the uhaul back in Clovis and at < PROPFIRST>'s house in Fresno ) , ' twould be appreciated . Text if you can , or leave a message here , no internet yet so I won't see anything till about 10 or 11 pm friday night . 
If anyone knows where < PROPFIRST > is , have him call me please . 
I have internet once again . I feel like a god . 
After spending two days unpacking I can safely say that books comprise half the boxes we packed . 
Dear friends ... after many months ... I have my Xbox hooked up to the internet again . 
Dear present and former residents of LA and surrounding area , recommend me some food places please . 
Just had a wonderful walk with his fiancee . Twas very enjoyable . 
great insult : I'm glad you're getting help , you have a lot of issues and you're stupid . 
A bunch of people couldn't get it together to go and vote on prop 19 ? No ! Madness ! Is anyone really surprised it didn't past ? On the plus something I voted for passed , for the first time ever I voted got something I wanted(sort of ) . Only took 5 years !!!! I hate humanity sometimes , I wish the idiots would just get out . /bitter 
Its okay that I called him a race slur , I'm taking it back . 
perhaps my saddest moment in unpacking has been the realization that not only do I not own the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars trilogy on DVD , but I also only own the episode 2 of the new trilogy . 
some days the real book really kicks my ass . 
The Walking dead is an awesome show , but watching on a weekly basis is killing me , I want to sit down for a day and just watch it all . Why haven't they filmed like three seasons and someone stolen it and uploaded them ? Why world ? WHY ?!?! 
< PROPFIRST > Smith's story about sex for the first time with his wife never does anything but fill me with hilarity . 
doesn't say anything ... cause its < PROPMALE > . 
I wonder what the neighbors must think , one second its mastodon , then its abba . 
My kittens are adorable , except when they think the tree on my leg is meant for climbing . 
Our generation's weapon is apathy and we wield it more effectively than any previous generation could have ever hoped to wield their guns and swords . We will destroy or save the world simply by standing there and doing nothing and we will be praised or there will be no one there to shame us . 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > donati play tonight at the baked potato . U Mad ? 
Awesome fucking show tonight , just pure awesome . 
Needs a cutting edge name , like cut-co , edgecom , or inter-slice . 
Sometimes I wonder about guitarists when I hear them play and my stuff sounds more inventive(not claiming any quality on my part , they are just that bad . ) I mean come on , I've barely been playing guitar and its not like its my main instrument and then I hear these guys play who have been doing this shit for ten years and nothing they play has much merit to it . 
Thank you myspace for once again reinventing yourself and proving once again you are complete crap . The only reason you still exist is that people expect bands to have myspace pages . Maybe you should reinvent yourself as a music promotion site , you could rip off many less popular but well run sites and then you might be useful , or you could just go away . 
pizza and beer is good , but pizza from home-made dough cooked on your brand new pizza stone and beer is better :) 
wants to rule the world , but only the fun parts . 
Tom : don't you have class tomorrow ? \ 
jesse : shut up\ 
Me : how functional do you have to be to teach tomorrow ? \ 
jesse : its only geometry 
?????????? 
If I keep my eyes off the trees , I can't see a < PROPMALE > worth saving . A watch without a maker , the impossible dream that you keep selling . 
Possibly the only thing I'm old fashioned about is that I want to see musicians playing their instruments , I don't really care about \showmanship\ " or mini movie music videos . I just want to see bands playing their instruments . " 
THE ADDS ON LAST . FM FOR XBOX CHANGE !!!!!!!! I DON'T EVEN WHAT'S REAL ANYMORE . 
I'll be thinking about this as the turkey gets carved , I think it will make the food much more epic . 
played drums for the first time in two months ( I know I know ) , damn that rust doesn't like coming off , I got little < PROPFEMALE > blisters where calluses should be . 
If you've got spare cash(not sure I know anyone who does ) best buy has some insane deals on video games online today . 
Why am I the only person I know who has seen The Wire , every once in awhile I wanna talk with someone about it and no one ever knows what I'm talking about , if its on netflix watch it !! Its amazing . 
had his christmas shopping done before thanksgiving , feels good man .... 
everyone gets the new facebook but me :( 
wishes the average person had wide enough tastes to make his dream indie/death/prog/techno/ambient/doo wop/drumNbass/modern orchestral/jazz/punk/hard-core/latin/folk/hip hop/post-rock/hard rock/metal/grindcore/black metal/Pop/funk/RnB/eperimental/free-jazz band fantasy a reality .... sadly .... no . The average person would not be into that sort of a band . But I would , I love music . 
I don't know what the deal is , but my computer seems to hate my digital piano , my other two keyboards work fine on it , but every time I got to use that thing it seems like I have to relearn how I got it to work . ugh ... here's to banging my head against a wall till suddenly I get it to work and then forgetting how I got it to work and doing the whole damn thing again . 
How come \Healing and easy listening\ " is like the ironic/hipster thing all metal bands list in their genre ? " 
dear myspace , the satan's balls you gobbled to suck as much as you do impress me , why do you take 2-3 times the amount of time to load versus every other site I visit on the net . 
Dear technology ... fuck you . I'm so pissed at my computer right now . I can't seem to turn off the internal mic in my laptop anymore for some reason and its completely driving me crazy and preventing me from getting work done . All I wanna do is run rewire on reason through logic so I can record reason into logic . 
I really hate noam chomsky , I have no legit reason for the hatred , I just really hate the man . I don't understand why people think he is so brilliant , he has never said anything that made me think he had anything special going on up there . 
time with my love and with it some good food , then music making later tonight , tonight is gonna kick today's ass . 
Thing I'm most excited for this year ? The new Rush album of course !! 
is in bed sick , but at least he has a ton of history documentaries to keep him company . 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
Today is my birthday , WEEEEEE !!! * cough * * hack * * cough * WEEEE ... * cough * * cough * * hach * whoo ... ooo ...... ooo .... 
Dr. < PROPMALE > was an adulterer and a plagiarist and yet he managed to create a great movement of change , to me that's the part that is most important , he was just a man who wanted to change things , not a saint sent from heaven to cure everything . 
Whoever said less is more ... is a prick-Mike Vennart of Oceansize . 
Something about < PROPFEMALE > scratches : Don't worry . It's just a couple of slashes to the wrists . Nothing an emo kid wouldn't do . 
Is getting pretty pumped to record tomorrow . 
I hope my boston peeps know I'm enjoying 75 degree weather :P 
If anything is possible , nothing is possible . 
We'll always remember where we were , when we heard a tornado hit a handgun factory .... 
is headed to the beach today . 
had a thought to make some meshuggah-like music only instead of detuned distortion the music would be like sigur ros . Anyone down ? If you can send me tracks I can provide you with drums . 
I could never tire of life , it is far too interesting . 
is currently playing the oregon trail ... cause its awesome . 
If I could make a movie , I'd like it to be a movie like \road to perdition\ " or \ " the fountain\ " . Such good movies ... " 
was at Disneyland from open to close yesterday and now is really really tired . 
facebook has informed me that the super is today , thank you facebook , now I will continue along not caring . 
at least back in the day , when a musical group didnt have the technical ability or skill required to perform their OWN FUCKING MUSIC , they would have the decency to just jump around and lip sync . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
\ 
Such a powerful statement about the current state of popular music . Sometimes you look at the past and it really really hurts to see how far things have fallen in the mainstream world . 
amazon does not have < PROPFIRST > campbell on their kindle , this made me very sad . 
Is having one of those moments where he can't seem to find any jazz music with enough fire behind it . 
thank you facebook for letting my know the grammy's are on , I will continue not caring . Seriously , I don't get the appeal . 
Should have my band's music up sometime tomorrow , can't wait for people to hear the stuff . A little mars volta , a little oceansize , a little bit just us . 
given the amount of what I would call positive revolution that has spread in recent months I wonder how far this could go and if we could see a lot more in other countries . 
made a wonderful pork fried rice dinner and now must kiss his fiancee and run out the door to band practice to work on new songs . All-in-all tonight looks good . 
\I worked at it was a place i burgers there and often didnt for their meals . \ " \ 
It looks so beautiful outside right now with the Rain coming down and the sky overcast . 
Whoo ! The top two hits on google for Ire Frames are my band !! 
is still kinda bummed Oceansize is no more .... If there was ever a band I wanted to see live it was them . 
Moby Dick\ 
Death by Black hole : and other cosmic quandaries\ 
The Greatest Show on earth\ 
The hero with a thousand faces\ 
Propaganda \ 
These are the books I'm reading right now and need to finish . Think I'm gonna go read right now . \ 
anyone got any interesting books they are reading ? 
Is pretty sure that if you have to start with \I'm not gay ... \ " or end with \ " no homo\ " you might want to take a look at your sexuality again . " 
This just totally brightened my day . Posted some Ire Frames music on a forum and have gotten tons of compliments . The best one ... \dude 
off to a great dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Eggleton and then to see autolux . 
The rea\ 
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ 
Had fun taking band pictures and is ready for an awesome rehearsal tomorrow . 
Ire Frames has a twitter in case you didn't know . check us out at @ireframes . 
Went to a McDonalds in woodland hills , this produced several things : Firstly the first hamburger I have had from that establishment in at least 14 years if not more , secondly an odd feeling that it was simply too nice and the people inside were wearing clothing much to nice for the place . Thirdly the realization that 1920's jazz was playing and lastly that two old men were discussing count bassie ... twilight zone .... 
So , Ire Frames has two shows coming up , one at the end of March , and one in April . Check out the < PROPFEMALE > for more details . Tickets for both shows are only $10 dollars . If any of you fresno kids can work up the chutzpah to come down to LA your accommodations can be met for the evening , plus you can < PROPFEMALE > out with MMMMEEEEEEE !!!!!! 
I find it hilarious the people who claim to have witnessed something they cannot explain then jump to an idea and then convince themselves that it is the only explanation . 
just finished his frijoles de la olla and fresh salsa , tomorrow's breakfast is gonna kick some serious ass . 
Ire Frames is playing on March 26th ( saturday ) hit me up if want a ticket , ($10 ) you can check out more info on the band < PROPFEMALE > or just ask me here . 
Is so lucky to have parents that support and push him to follow his dreams . 
been digging this band a bunch today . 
The amount of what appear to be very cool jazz clubs in la makes me wish I had a jazz band to be playing shows in said clubs , I need to get my jazz on ! 
I want a barber shop quartet , but instead of btas , it would be different types of screamers . I think this would be awesome . 
< PROPMALE > K . < PROPMALE > . Philosophically speaking , I don't think there is a more interesting writer . Had he chosen an easier to understand medium I think he would be considered one of the greatest writers of the second half of the last century . 
It has been raining and hailing the entire time I have been in fresno , I LOVE IT !! 
Its been my general feeling that if you need to use attractive women to sell your product , its most likely a crappy product . This might be part of the reason I hate PETA . 
anyone wanna see sucker punch maybe this sunday ? 
had a great performance tonight playing with Ire Frames and was very pleased with the responses of the audience . 
needs a haircut , but just doesn't know what kind . 
He'll welcome you into his lair\ 
Like the nobleman welcomes his guest ! \ 
With free dental care and a stock plan that helps you invest ! \ 
But beware of his generous pensions\ 
Plus three weeks paid vacation each year\ 
And on Fridays the lunch room serves hot dogs and burgers and beer ! \ 
He loves < PROPMALE > beer ! 
cold shower on a warm day .... almost as good as warm shower and a cold day . 
thinks the pen is mightier than the sword , especially his patented gun pen . 
Street Fighter 2 is 20 years old .... dayum .... 
If you live in < PROPFEMALE > , and claim to uphold < PROPFEMALE > n ideals , you can't advocate prayer in school ........ sometimes I swear its like people walk around with no regard for the constitution . 
Pink < PROPMALE>'s music is more important and musically better than the beatles , there , I said it . Bracing for impact . 
I'm claiming dibs for the band name \Panda goes to Rehab \"" 
