2 days without little miss < PROPFEMALE > and I MISS her ! Can't wait for her to get home real soon !!! 

... a lovely , relaxing , bubble bath !!! 
is bummed the house isn't ready yet ... so I don't have my computer to upload any recent pictures :( 
can't wait to move tomorrow ! Oh home sweet home ! 
wants a change . 
Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad .... preferably good . If it's bad , I didn't do it . Hey , family is on here ! When you're finished , p 
is so excited to go shopping today ! It's long overdue !!! 
says UH-OH ! Water in the basement ! We need to rip up the carpet and possibly the sheetrock . We'll see how bad the damage really is :( 
is SO happy that my husband sold 12 cars this month ! Yay for the bonus !!! 
just finished a great book called Sidetracked Home Executives . Now it's time to fill out my index cards ! 
says our little < PROPFEMALE > is crawling around and laughing ! LOVE IT !!! 
got my coupons clipped , now hitting up 4 grocery stores to save us some money !!! 
My computer is SO slow ! It is literally taking me D .... A .... Y .... S to upload pictures so I can get prints ! 
wants to get these wedding invitations done for Lexi , but my computer is taking FOREVER to download my font program ! Ugh ! Guess it's break time :) 
got everything done for the wedding invitations . Now < PROPFEMALE > and I are headed to Endicott to ride in the combine with Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
had so much fun in the wheat today ! Pictures will be posted soon :) 
can't wait for the UPS driver to bring my Cricut Expression ! I am SO excited !!! 
just had to get on here to tell everyone that I am jumping with joy because my cricut came today !!!!!!!!!!! Okay ... now back to playing :) 
is all packed and ready to go to the Gorge ... now just waiting :) 
is stoked for pig out in the park ! I'm not pregnant this year , but I will enjoy it just as much ! :) 
is making < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Mouse birthday invitations ! A lot of work , but well worth it ! :) 
has the house to myself ... ahhh - peace and quiet ! Now I need to get things done ! 
... bedroom clean ( with new bedding ! ) , invitations almost done ... hurry up already ! Can't wait for my hubby and baby to be home ! :) 
gets to go pick out a new front-load washer and dryer set today !!! Yay ... no more waiting 2 hours for the dryer to dry my clothes !!! 
I know I am supposed to clean today , but I don't want to clean today , so I'm NOT going to clean today ! HA ! 
is going to attempt taking < PROPFEMALE>'s pictures in the park for her first birthday ! ( When she wakes up , of course ! ) 
just tried my first pumpkin spice latte from Starbucks , and oh boy , I think I'm in love ! Does anyone know how they make it so I can make them at home and save some moolah ? 
My to-do list is SO long ! Clean , prep food , make dinner , and of course , tend to little Magpie :) 
is SO cold ! I am NOT ready for winter :( 
can't believe < PROPFEMALE > is 1 ! We had such a egood day with her :) HAPPY 1st BIRTHDAY my little love ! 
woke up to fog this morning ... better than snow I guess ! 
Pot roast , mashed potatoes , & green bean casserole anyone ??? I'm so excited for dinner ! 15 minutes ! 
Bellies full , dishes done , tub-time soon ... then R-E-L-A-X !!! 
has this feeling that the Publisher's Clearing House will be standing on my doorstep November 4 . It doesn't hurt to hope ... right ??? 
is ordering diapers from diapers.com . Gosh I LOVE that website ! Nothing like having everything you need in 2 days and not having to go out in the rain ! :) 
The sun is shining today !!! It's about time ! 
Just stubbed my baby toe REALLY hard ! And it hurts even worse because my feet are freezing ! 
is making pumpkin bread !!! It smells so good ! :) 
\Bloom where you are planted . \"" 
Our house guests are arriving this afternoon ... I can't wait !!! Fun to be had at our house tonight ! 
Pack boxes , load boxes , unload boxes , repeat ! In the snow none the less ! 
is going to Costco today ... yay ! 
has a busy day today ... Gma & Gpa Hames ' 60th wedding anniversary party this afternoon , dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Corral with all the family , then to the bars for < PROPFIRST>'s 21 run !!! I think I might need a nap ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just dumped a bag of flour on her head ! I just couldn't help but laugh :) 
House clean , cookies baked ... now it's time to play ! 
is making the little miss some lunch ... alphabet soup and grilled cheese it is !!! 
I am so cold ! I'm gonna go make some hot apple cider and find a blanket ! 
is taking the family to Costco ... yay ! 
got all the Christmas lights < PROPMALE > outside ... Maggie reminded us of the little boy in ' A Christmas Story ' all bundled up ! Pics to come soon ! 
wants a piano SO bad !!! 
Please spread the word to everyone you know . On Tues & Wed , Dec . 8th and 9th , every Papa < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza in the ENTIRE US ( not just Northwest ) will donate 100% of all profits to the four families of the slain Lakewood , Washington Police Officers . PLEASE CUT AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL . Thank you 
Took poor sick < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor this morning because her temp was 102.6 and climbing ! :( She has double ear infections ... makes me so sad ! 
loves the pace of life 5 inches of snow brings ... very relaxing ! 
got all of my presents wrapped and under the tree !!! I think the best Christmas present is that < PROPFEMALE > doesn't touch the tree or the presents ! :) 
needs to go to the post office today . I hope the line doesn't run out the door ! 
It says my diapers were delivered yesterday at 3:37 pm . Problem ... no diapers arrived ! Uh-oh ! 
just finished baking sugar cookies so we can all decorate them later today when Magster wakes up ! I feel like I should cover my kitchen in plastic ! LOL ! 
needs to upload all of my Christmas photos but it takes so long to upload them to facebook ! We'll see how many I can get done before I am bored ! 
Dishes done , laundry almost done , deep clean the floors done , dinner prep done ( Orange Chicken ... yum ! ) - now maybe I will bake some cookies ! I don't know why I have so much energy today ... I couldn't fall asleep last night til 3:00 am and < PROPFEMALE > was wide awake at 7 ! 
Just baked chocolate chip cookies in my new oven ! It's so nice to have them come out all wonderful and fluffy ! Now I actually know what temperature I turn my oven to ... yay !!! 
White 
I'm so proud of myself ! The house is clean and it's just after 10 ! Now time to play with my cricut while < PROPFEMALE > sleeps ! :) 
Thank you to everybody for all of the birthday wishes ! I had a wonderful day that ended with ice cream cake from Cold Stone ! 
It's been like a week since I've been on facebook ... geez ! That means I've gotten a lot done around the house ... haha ! 
It's so nice to have daddy home on a Friday ! We are off to Babies'R'Us to drop some serious cash on a Britax car seat ! 
If you are like me and want a Trader < PROPFIRST>'s up here in the Northwest , then click on this link and fill out the very short location request form . This is directly from Trader < PROPFIRST>'s website so you could go on their website and find it yourself in the Contact Us section . Pass this on to EVERYONE you can and soon enough Trader's < PROPFIRST>'s will put a store up here . http://www.traderjoes.com/static/location_requests_form.aspx 
Our poor < PROPFEMALE > has double ear infections again :( This is going to be a long day ! 
LOVES the sunshine !!! Bring on the vitamin D ! 
Attempting my first sewing project ! I found some cute fabric for the curtains in my scrapbook room ... hopefully they will look cute when I am done with them ! LOL ! 
Sewing the curtain-done , baking the < PROPFIRST>'s cake-done , dinner made-done , glass of wine in hand-done ! Now time to relax ... ahhhhh ! 
I am so tired tonight . < PROPFEMALE > sure wears me out ! American Idol then BED ! 
I know \hate\ " is a very strong word ... but I really hate my dog right now ! She keeps eating all of my good clothes ! Does anyone know how to stop this ? I've tried everything I can think of . And don't tell me to put her outside because she will jump our 6.5 foot fence ! I can't win ! :( " 
Both of the kiddos in bed and sound asleep by 8:15 ... not bad ! I think they wore eachother out ! They sure wore me out !!! 
had fun playing with my Cricut tonight ! :D 
I am slowly overcoming my fear of worms . Making progress anyways ... while weeding the flower bed today I didn't run away when I saw one , but I'm not at the point yet where I can touch it ! Eww ! 
Just sent the letter ... we'll see what happens ! 
< PROPMALE > and I had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > today ! She loved the ball pit at the pizza place , which cracked us up ! And this morning she really did help us clean the house . My little girl isn't so little anymore :( 
LOVES the sunshine ! I really want to go to the craft fair today but I don't know if < PROPFEMALE > will ever wake up ! I guess I should be thankful that she is even sleeping ... haha ! 
I am bound and determined to win some cash online to go and buy < PROPFEMALE > the cutest playhouse at Costco ! Wish me luck ! 
I guess I should figure out what to make for dinner :P It's not making the dinner that's the chore ... it's figuring out what to eat ! 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s check-up at the doctor . Her doctor says she is very smart and has never heard a 17 month say elbow . Lol ! She's one smart cookie :) 
If you have a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this .... because great men are few and far between , and I love and appreciate mine ? 
is SO excited to have Grandma's piano in the house ! I've been downloading sheet music all morning to refresh my fingers . For some reason I can't read bass clef , maybe it's because I played the flute ... haha ! 
Dear worms in my flowerbed , We have had a hate/hate relationship all of my life and I want you to know that you are growing on me . We are by no means best friends yet , but one day we will get there ! Just keep making my flowers looking pretty and my garden grow . That's all that I ask . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > ( your soon to be best friend ) P.S. - Thanks for wrapping yourself up in the root and scaring the pee out of me ! :) 
It's such a beautiful day outside ! I can't wait to plant flowers in my nice rotatilled ( sp ? ) flowerbeds , but it has to stop freezing at night first ! 
Excited for the twilight easter egg hunt tonight ! We'll see how < PROPFEMALE > does ! :) 
Weather : All I can say is YUCK !!! 
is excited that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > get to have a playdate today ! Now for my second cup of coffee .... mmmm ! 
Oh Mr. Sun , Sun , Mr. < PROPFEMALE > Sun .... please shine down on me !!! 
I'm getting a new toilet , I'm getting a new toilet ... and I'm doing the happy dance with Maggie ... lol ! 
thought my netbook would arrive today . I just tracked it and it said scheduled to arrive Monday ! I paid for next day ! GRRR ! 
My \baby\ " turned 18 months old this weekend . I'm so sad she is growing up so fast :( But oh so happy about the little person she is turning into ! :) " 
On the agenda for today : EDIBLE FINGER PAINT !!! Now < PROPFEMALE > needs to hurry up and wake up from her nap so we can play ! 
6 months ago I broke my right baby toe . A couple of weeks ago I could finally touch it without it hurting . And guess what ... yesterday I broke my left baby toe ! :( Who woulda thought a little dinky toe could keep you up at night ?! My toe actually matches my nail polish ... black ! 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > for an amazing weekend ! We are all exhausted ... but in a good way ! Get ready ... we're coming back soon ! <3 you ! 
Laundry , laundry , laundry ! Can you please fold yourself today ? 
Wishes it wasn't raining :( Guess it's a good day to bake muffins and cookies ! 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails and braids , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing ! With Mother's day near lets see how many Mom's Repost this . Mom's don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up for our kids ..... thats just what mommy's do !!! =) 
Glad I got up super early to head to Colfax for the yard sale . Who can pass up $10 for a power wheels that works ? Not me ! I always wanted one growing up , so I am vicariously living through my child :) 
I feel like < PROPFIRST > Poppins should be flying in any minute now ! 
Really wants to get < PROPFEMALE > a push bike ! 
Can't find my phone charger and my phone is dead :( Of course little miss < PROPFEMALE > doesn't remember where she put it ! 
is excited to take < PROPFEMALE > to the Mother's Day luncheon at Centerplace with Grandma < PROPFEMALE > and Great-Grandma < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Had a wonderful Mother's Day :) And found out our < PROPFEMALE > girl can run 34+ mph ... I don't know if that's fast for a dog , but it sure is fast for me ! 
This weather is so motivating ! I'm lovin ' it !!! 
I laid < PROPFEMALE > down for her nap and she said \I love you Momma . \ " Oh it melted my heart ! " 
Rain , rain go away ! Although I like not having to water my lawn and garden , so I shouldn't complain . 
Hmm ... think I'll bake some peanut butter & oatmeal cookies while I wait for < PROPFEMALE > to wake up . 
Anxious to plan our first family \mini-vacation ! \ " Hurry up and bring your June schedule home < PROPFIRST >!" 
Enjoying watching my dog and my neighbor's dog < PROPMALE > flies around the house and trying to pick them out of the air with their mouths . Oh the simple things ! 
We're pretty sure < PROPFEMALE > has the chicken pox . Stay away from our house ! Oh this is gonna be a long week ! 
So ... Maggie doesn't have the chickenpox ! But she still has bumps and blotches all over her arms and legs . I just want to know what caused this ... poor girl ! 
Hubby is home sick :( I have to get < PROPFEMALE > at 1 . The back of my throat is feeling funny today ... oh brother ! I just hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get it ! She's been through a lot the last week ! 
All I have to say about yucca plants ... Y-U-C-K !!! Let's just hope my mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and I don't get arrested ! HAHA ! 
I am SO glad that I am finally feeling better today :) I already have the lawn mowed , half of my flower beds weeded , windows washed , floors cleaned , laundry done , and a roast in the crock pot ! YAY for productive day !!! 
Can't wait for Sunday ! I can handle a little rain , but please , I don't want to feel like I've ridden Thunder Canyon all day ! 
Getting ready to head to Endicott for Papa G's side family reunion . Yay for nice weather ( for now) !!! 
Just finished frosting my delectable cupcakes for the bbq this evening with our neighbors . They should be a real treat ... devil's food chocolate cupcakes , stuffed with peanut butter , and topped with chocolate chip frosting . MMMMMM ! 
Besides the grilled chicken , our entire dinner was from the garden . Oh that makes me SO happy ! :) And it was delicious !!! If only I could have a garden all year ' round ! 
I just put some water in < PROPFEMALE>'s new pool ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE >!) so I hope it reaches a reasonable temperature by this afternoon . The house is clean , ALL flowerbeds are weeded ... looks like a relaxing day with my Magster . :) Then it's off to the Shock game tonight ! 
\The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beecher " 
Oh what a day ! I had to wake < PROPFEMALE > up at 2:30 this morning to take < PROPMALE > to the ER . 5 hours later ... it's a kidney stone ! Hopefully it will pass soon - poor guy ! I've never seen him in so much pain :( \ 
P.S. - I need SLEEP ! 
thinks it's time for the unisom tablet and vitamin B6 . That's the only thing that can help me right now , but I have no time to sleep ! Grrr ! 
Holy windstorm !!! 
Dear Morning Sickness , \ 
Your stay is not welcome anymore ... could you be so kind as to leave ? I really want to enjoy my food again :) 
BROTHERS WEEK ... If you have A brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you strong .. Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status . 
You are the Michelangelo of your own life . The < PROPFIRST > you are sculpting is you . - Dr. < PROPFIRST > Vitale 
Taking the kiddos to the fair today ... should be fun !!! 
Can't believe it's been 3 years already ! Happy Anniversary to my amazing husband ! So much has happened in just 3 short years ... beautiful < PROPFEMALE > was born , we bought our first house , and now we're expecting another miracle ! We are truly blessed ! <3 
is SO tired of looking at the toilet bowl :P 
So I've caught the cold bug that's going around :( But how am I supposed to get better when I can't take anything and I throw up airborne and orange juice ??? YUCK ! 
My 1st trimester is officially over ! It's weird how your body reacts to the changes ... I was able to eat bacon , eggs , & toast for breakfast ! And just ate half of a container of hummus and some naan ... oops ! But oh it tasted good ! 
I like it on the dryer . 
I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > is 2 already ! She had an amazing < PROPMALE > birthday party with lots of fun guests . But oh man , am I tired today ! 
My ballot arrived today and it says you must use black or dark blue ink . I have lots of pens with light blue ink ... or how about crayon ? ( I have LOTS of those ! ) LOL ! 
Why is it that when you explain the rules and consequences 10 times , they still break the rules and get mad at you for enforcing the consequences ??? Sorry , I'm not a pushover ! But holy cow are my buttons being pushed today ! 
FB EXPERIMENT :\ 
Ifyou are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a\ 
comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this\ 
paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember\ 
about you ... 
It's Mommy week ? repost this with the date you first became a Mom ? 10-10-2008 
It's BROTHER'S WEEK .... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you CRAZY , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your status . 
So ... we decided to make the full Thanksgiving dinner spread this past Sunday , because I couldn't wait ' til Thanksgiving Day . It was delicious and I have eaten leftovers for lunch and dinner everyday since then ! Even though I can't really taste right now because I am SO plugged up ... it still hits the spot !!! 
Being a Christian is like being a pumpkin . God \ 
picks you from the patch & washes all the dirt off of you . He cuts off\ 
the top and scoops out all the yucky stuff . He removes the seeds of \ 
doubt , hate and greed . He carves you a new smiling face and puts His \ 
light inside of you to shine , for all the world to see . This was passed \ 
to me by another pumpkin . Now it's ur turn to pass on to the pumpkins \ 
in your patch 
Droppler Effect : the prolonged , uneasy feeling a parent experiences while watching her toddler walk across the kitchen carrying a full glass of milk . 
< PROPFEMALE > stayed the night with Nama and Tapa last night . They offered to keep her tonight too , so I'm gonna start my Christmas shopping today ! YAY !!! 
Eating and enjoying a jalapeno burrito :) I'm sweating , but it's oh SO worth it ! 
Does anyone have any creative ideas on how to teach an almost 4 year old colors ? I've tried everything I can think of and nothing's sticking . :( 
My daughter is blowing my mind ! Recognizing and reading words from the gazillion books we've already read this morning , going potty in the big toilet , drawing her favorite shapes , and saying please and thank you without having to be told . I love , love , love you Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
We are SO excited to find out what we're having tomorrow morning ! Any guesses ? You've got a 50/50 shot ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s going to have a little brother !!! <3 
Well ... Kal , < PROPFEMALE > , and I made it through the madness at Toys'R'Us tonight . Even though we froze our hinies ( sp ? ) off for 2 hours ! And in a few minutes I shall head to Northtown . :) Thank goodness < PROPFEMALE > is with her grandparents so I can sleep today/tomorrow ! I don't even know how I'm still awake ! 
There is nothing like the smell of homemade cinnamon rolls baking in the oven ! I'm hoping this will be one food item that I don't want to put hot sauce on ... lol ! 
This is National Daughter's Week , so if you have a beautiful daughter ( or multiple ) that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter(s ) will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . I love you so much , < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
Wishes today was Saturday so < PROPFEMALE > can go back to gymnastics . She's got all sorts of energy this morning ! She loves it ! And I love watching her ! :) 
Grandma is coming up today to watch < PROPFEMALE > at gymnastics . And take pictures ! YAY ! Hopefully today she will nap , unlke yesterday ! 
I can't believe we agreed to watch these 2 dogs for almost 2 weeks ! I am ready to pull my hair out ! Not only do they dig in all the garbage , yesterday they ripped the lattice work down that is around the deck , today they cornered < PROPFEMALE > in the garage , and we haven't seen Murphy since Thursday :( 
Mmm ... my dinner needs to hurry up , it smells SO good ! Applewood smoked tenderloin , scalloped potatoes , and steamed veggies are on the menu for tonight :) Good thing < PROPMALE > has to work til 8 tonight , I may just eat it all ! HAHA ! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world . LOVE MY COUSINS ! 
Well I wish I could say this has been a fabulous birthday :( < PROPFIRST > took the lid off of < PROPFEMALE>'s sippy cup and dumped milk all over the floor . While I was cleaning that up , < PROPFEMALE > got ahold of < PROPMALE>'s diaper cream and smeared the entire bottle ALL over the couch ! I haven't even been able to enjoy my coffee yet today . Here's to a better afternoon ! 
Thanks to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! It turned out to be a great day ! < PROPFEMALE > and Kal made me birthday dinner and cake ... there's no better present than not having to cook and clean up a meal :) 
Well , after an entire afternoon spent at Spokane Digestive for < PROPMALE > , we are back to square 1 :( Poor guy ... we just want to find the cause of his pain . And I think doctors assume that we poop money everyday to pay for all of this testing ! On a good note , no crohn's disease :) 
So ... I'm now in my 3rd trimester and thought this throwing up business was something in the past . Really ?! I HATE throwing up :P 
SO excited for Spring Sprint this afternoon/evening ! I can't even remember the last time I was childless for an evening with nothing but adult interaction ! YAY ! 
Hopes that < PROPFEMALE > will take a nice , long nap this afternoon so mommy can nap too ! I want her well enough to go to gymnastics tomorrow . Nama & Tapa Larson are planning on coming and watching her :) 
I thought that we had turned a corner this morning with < PROPFEMALE>'s flu bug . This afternoon has been worse than the last 2 days :( My heart just breaks for her ... I would do anything to make her feel better ! <3 
Cough , sniffle , gag , cry , cough . Repeat , repeat , and repeat . I thought < PROPFEMALE > was getting better , but today is even worse :( My poor little sick girl <3 
seriously thought I would feel better when I woke up this morning , after being on antibiotics since Friday . Still can't breathe , am coughing like crazy , can't smell , taste , or hear ! Oh boy ! 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile picture to one of you and your partner ? and don't forget to tell how long you've been together . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day , Nicky ... we have been together for 11 1/2 years ... married for 3 1/2 years ! ? 
SO excited to have Daddy home with us today ! It's very rare and we are enjoying every minute of it ! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > woke up puking this morning :( We just had the flu ! And she has been doing nothing but throwing up all morning . Throws a kink in my whole day . You know your child loves you when they puke all over you and say \I'm so sorry Mommy ! \ " Oh it melted my heart <3 " 
Flu ... I despise you ! :P 
So after a trip to the Colfax ER and being hooked up to the fetal monitor , no preterm labor here ... just dehydration . I am tired but can't sleep ! 
Banana ! 
So glad to be home ! :) 
I am placing a Scentsy order this evening . If anyone would like anything , let me know asap ! 10% off most products from the fall/winter catalog . 
Is so happy to report that this house is binky free ! ( Thanks to Mya chewing < PROPFEMALE>'s binky at Nama's house a week ago ! ) 
So little < PROPFIRST > ( we think that's his name anyways ! ) decided to flip and is now head up again . Please flip around little man ... we need this to be a smooth process ! :) 
