watchin the game ... 

going to breakfast and the movies with < PROPFIRST > :) happy 11 months :) 
hey ! lol love ya too 
hey guys , the < PROPMALE > class is having an end of summer pool party in grafton this friday ! :) the price is 5 dollars to get in and we will be having food and drinks as well ... this is a fundraiser for our 2010 prom so please attend ! it's from 630-830 and we hope to see everyone there ! anyone is welcome ! thanks :) 
just got home from the camp ... it was fun :) as always ... now i'm hoping to go to the drive-in tonight ! haven't been all summer ... 
bed now ... school in the mornin 
so done with homework ... helpin < PROPFIRST > with his ... lol ... 
we miss you so very much ... pray for them ... 
school ... 
wish fall was here already ... hate this inbetween season 
Hey Juniors !! Don't forget your baked goods for tonight's fundraiser !! Also , does anyone have a pop up tent to cover us ? 
going to bed now ... xc in the morning ... night :) 
watchin game ... go mountaineers ! 
sittin round 
wanting to know how the ghs scrimmage went !! :) just got all my partying supplies at < PROPMALE > world :) 
gettin ready for my party !! :) hope everyone can make it :) 
ugh ' doing this last minute essay ... 
wanna go outside and make a snowman :) 
just got ready ... michael < PROPFIRST>'s comin over later ! :) :) then i'm spendin some time with his family :) 
Going to write essay soon ... hopefully seeing < PROPFIRST > later :) 
so to anyone who can help me out : i'm not sure which wvu dorm to stay in next year , any suggestions or comments ? 
thinkin about that english project ... ya just thinkin about it ... 
home , my brother won his game !! so happy and proud of him ! :) 
sittin around ... mostly done with my english project !! :) sooo happy about that 
why me ? 
lookin for a prom dress !! :) 
i love < PROPFIRST > sinatra .... so awesome ... 
so so so happy ! 
just got up ... dad fixed us pancakes , bacon , and coffee , and thats why he's the breakfast man ;) best pancakes ever , love my fam :) 
need to study , but i'm lazy ... 
changed my profile pic ! :) it's me on a segway ;) 
gettin ready to go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > :) 
i'm done with trying ... 
o i love tea .... 
why isn't it friday already ? 
When I stand before God at the end of my life , I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left , and could say , \I used everything you gave me . \"" 
my profile pic changed ! me and my HOBY friends :) 
\What greater thing is there for two human souls that to feel that they are joined ... to strengthen each other ... to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories . \"" 
so tired ... sledding makes me wanna take a nap ... 
omg my dad just brought me home chocolate covered cherries for < PROPFIRST>'s day !! ugh so good ... 
wishing for that coastal sun and the sea ... it's not that i don't love the snow , it's just that i LOVE the beach ! 
i love love tea ... 
should i take the act at fairmont state or bridgeport ?? any suggestions ? 
takin the act in april ... 
i love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) and i always will :) 
sleepy ...... 
check out me in an interview at 4-h dance weekend ! lol , didn't know this was going to show up on youtube ... lol .... 
sittin in the sun doin homework :) 
just got up .... finally got some sleep for once :) out to get some sun now ! 
Just got home from runnin with my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) so nice outside :) 
happy easter :) 
love my life , family , friends , and my bf * mdb * :) 
got michaels tux fitted :) kfc now , mall later :) 
amazing/fun day , and its all because of you ! :) love you mdb :) 
good day :) softball later ... unless this storm passes over grafton ... 
loving life :) 
Amazing day today ! Nothin but relaxin with my fam and then spendin time with my one and only :) luv u mdb :) bedtime now ... 
Sleep time :) 
just got home from an amazing trip :) so so tired though ... 
Sleep time :) thinkin bout you mdb :) 
so ... just filled out application for Grafton 123 ! now all thats left to do is wait ..... 
O so glad it's the weekend ! :) 
Sleepy , bedtime ... but happy mothers day mom ! I love you more than you know :) your the best I could ever ask for :) 
so glad theres no school today :) lovin this place i'm in right now :) 
Goin to bed ... great day though :) love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) 
... and all i think about is you ... :) 
yesterday was a perfect day , all because of you :) luv u mdb 
< PROPFIRST > you better win ! 
i'll stand up for you < PROPFIRST > ! you're the only one who played the strategic game ! ughhhh .... 
the jury is dumb .... 
sooo bedtime soon ... 
well , there's one thing off my to do list .... Celeste got a job !! so so excited :) 
mikey started work today :) but now i can't wait to start my job , just to escape this looming boredom ... 
love this :) 
wishes she could sing ... 
at work :) had fun with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFIRST > at the creek !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > just left for work ... had a great morning with you baby :) time for some layin outside in the hot sun and maybe some homework ... lol ... maybe ... 
tired ... but need to study some ... 
Bedtime :) ily mdb , forever :) 
just got home from work ... so tired ... 
going to red lobster !! :) so hungry ... 
what to do today ... mikey's at work , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are at the house , but i do not wanna even think about summer assignments ... 
off to work :) makin some money ! 
home from work :) super tired now ... 
loving this summer weather :) 
home from work ....... so tired ........ 
You are the reason I wake up every day and sleep through the night ... 
just saw ' get him to the greek ' with my love ... wow ... lol ... so funny :) 
can't wait to go to the beach !!!! :) 
just got home from the lake with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) 
i just love it that i know nothing :) people just expect me to know ! :) 
totally screwed up dinner ... :( 
on my way to the pittsburgh zoo with my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!!! :) 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > :) amazing wonderful day !! :) ilu mdb :) 
toy story 3 was awesome :) saw pretty much everyone from grafton there lol ... 
wants mikey to get done with work ! :) 
Work time ... 
Everything in life is temporary , because everything changes . That's why it takes great courage to love , knowing it might end anytime but having the faith it will last forever . 
needs her fishing license ... for the beach ! :) ima catcha shark ;) 
just got back from county 4-h camp ... beach on saturday ! :) 
packing for the beach :) o i can't wait for that hot sun , warm sand , and cool sea :) 
AT THE BEACH ! o so excited for this week :) :) 
With my fam and my love at the amazing beach and sound for this fantastic fourth :) 
Another amazing day at topsail beach :) finishing it off hangin round with mikey n my fam drinkin milkshakes :) couldn't be better !! 
Playin a lazy game of monopoly at the beach house :) posting pics later ! 
:) couldn't be better ! Well , subtract the sun burn , and ya perfect !! Headin home tomorrow sometime ... goin to miss this place :/ 
home :) but it feels weird ... i feel like i should have woken up to the waves crashing and salty air ... 
gettin in my pool !! :) 
sleep , church , < PROPFEMALE > 2 ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > 2 ! 
home ... missin everyone already ... i love all of you guys !!! 
sometimes life surprises you and confuses you , but it will all turn out okay :) 
is sleepy ... 
working on some stuff ... 
ready for bed :) up tomorrow and headed to mon general :) 
at grafton city hospital ... ready to leave 
still here 
So so hot out ... time to hit the pool ! Decks bein built :) 
time to get to work ... 
volunteerin at mon general this morning :) 
no power .... 
power !!! 
well ... i hope it gets hot and < PROPFEMALE > today cause i wanna get my tan back ! 
breakfast at crackerbarrel with my fam :) its going be a great sunday :) 
I believe in rules . Sure I do . If there weren't any rules , how could you break them ? 
Tea fixes everything :) 
Nothing is more difficult , and therefore more precious , than to be able to decide . 
Swimming swimming in my swimming pool :) 
can't sleep ... but why ? 
why is it that when i stay up late , i have to get up early ? 
O calculus , why do you have to be so unkind ? 
loves the calm before the thunderstorm :) 
I thought of you today , I remembered all the laughs and all the fun , I thought of your smile , I wished for your face to light up just one more time , I wondered how you'd like being another year older , lol , but most of all I thought of how much we all miss you ... I thought of you today ... rest in peace ... 
loungin pool side :) 
what to do , what to do ... 
you know where i be :) 
We may only have tonight \ 
But till the morning sun you're mine all mine \ 
Play the Music low and sway to the rhythm of love 
one down , two to go ... 
well , goodbye summer ... until next year :) 
a nice jump into my pool after running is the perfect cool-down :) 
eat , pray , love was amazing ! :) sleep now , hopefully ... 
sunday , sunday , sunday ... lazy day :) 
loves bein a senior :) 
sooo ready for this long weekend ! finally ! 
up early for the race , why do i run again ? 
lets go wvu :) 
so ... how many days until thanksgiving break ? 
ready for the weekend ! :) 
bed now , race later , then bed again 
church picnic today :) then no plans , just layin around ... 
sweet dreams , or beautiful nightmares ? goodnight facebook :) 
where is the weekend ? 
lets go wvu ! :) 
why am i so lazy ? going to attempt this homework now ... 
life can always surprise you :) 
ok , lets get this over with ... 
somewhere beyond the sea ... 
went to dinner and a movie with my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) luv u mdb :) bedtime soon ... 
come fly with me , let's fly , let's fly away ... 
buried in homework , making tea to settle the stress :) 
movie with the fam :) 
so ready for this lazy day :) 
live ! live the wonderful life that is in you ! let nothing be lost upon you . be always searching for new sensations . be afraid of nothing ... ( the picture of < PROPFIRST > gray ) 
homecoming parade tonight ! :) 
homework time ... or maybe rest time ;) 
klondike bar :) 
this essay is haunting me ... 
baby it's cold outside ... 
one may give without loving ; but none can love without giving . 
comin home from the drake concert !!!! 
its finally friday ! ready to go to dinner and a movie !! :) 
runnin and spendin time with my mdb :) i love you < PROPFIRST > :) 
saturday night in october , snuggled up with a hot cup of tea and some scary movies :) perfect 
enjoyin this day off :) 
Study time at the 123 :) 
goin to the wvu game later with my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > n my family ! 
comin home from the game ! :) 
cross-country is almost over for the rest of my life :) 
sooo happy to sleep in today :) 
cant wait for < PROPFIRST > to get off work , fright farm here we come ! :) 
home bound :) sleep soon ... 
needs to go to the spa ... asap ... 
busy afternoon , and enjoyin it :) 
Homework n listenin to the amazing , wonderful < PROPFIRST > sinatra :) 
xc is now over ... eight years of hard work and running came to an end ... i'll miss the amazing memories ... but i'll never forget them :) 
baby please don't go ... if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here ? i don't know if you feel the way i do , if you leave i'm goin find you , baby please don't go ... 
school , eatin pancakes , drinkin hot chocolate :) 
on a tour of wvu ! cant wait for next year now :) 
school , powderpuff game , then hittin the books :) 
finally friday :) xc states tomorrow ! goin to cheer on our grafton guys ! :) 
amazing weekend so far ! :) 
wishes she could have an endless , free supply of starbucks coffee ... 
feels so good to sleep in :) still layin in bed ... 
These last few days have been amazing :) all because of you :) love you forever my mdb :) 
lovin this day :) 
wvu tour tomorrow ! :) no school for this girl ;) 
snow :) 
Essay time ... yay .... 
attempting this research paper ... ya , attempting ... 
studyin with < PROPFIRST > :) 
studyin ...... this is goin to take a while ... 
bored ... waitin for < PROPFIRST > to get back from class :) 
back from one of the best weekends of my life :) 
waiting for thursday night ! midnight premier !!! :) 
gots some studyin to do later ... hip hip hooray ....... :/ 
just now got outta bed ... i wanna feel better now ... 
cant wait for tonight !! :) 
sooo tired , need sleep ... 
why is it < PROPFEMALE > dark < PROPFEMALE > early ? i feel like i need to go to bed now ... 
spa soon !!! o bedford springs take me away ...... 
done hunting for today with my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :) 
Headed to the spa :) so excited :) luv u mdb 
last day at the spa tomorrow ... goin to miss this place , til next year ! :) 
going to get some rest soon ... shopping in the morning !! 
is very happy :) 
let it snow :) 
lets go wvu ! headed to morgantown for the game later :) 
Got our Christmas tree up :) time to decorate ! 
No school :) snow day !!! 
NHS members will not be ringing the < PROPFEMALE > this evening , enjoy this snow day ! 
Please snow more :) 
Falling asleep to the wondrous sounds of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
I don't mind another day off , so bring on the snow ! 
In morgantown waiting to watch mamma mia ! :) 
Just got some beautiful pre-birthday flowers from my family :) love you guys :) 
Just woke up on this wonderful 18th birthday morning :) breakfast soon ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! Love ya :) 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday :) :) :) 
up finally :) getting ready to go to church :) dinner later with my love :) 
Please hurry up snow :) 
Snow fall please :) I plan on making a snowman tomorrow :) 
hot tea + < PROPFIRST > sinatra + writing an essay = a lazy essay :) 
still trying to write this essay .... why can't i concentrate and write an amazing essay ?!!?!?! 
In times like these\ 
In times like those\ 
What will be will be\ 
And so it goes\ 
And it always goes on and on ... \ 
On and on it goes ... 
Girls night :) 
Headed to elkins for an early Christmas with my family :) 
is so proud of you mikey ! So happy you made it through your first semester of college ! Now let's do just as amazing in the second semester ;) I love you babe xo 
Goin to morgantown to watch < PROPFEMALE > with the school :) only a half a day of actual school left ! 
o christmas break is almost here ! :) 
Just woke up ... lol time for some tea , music , and wrapping presents :) 
Goin to watch inception with my love :) xoxo < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Just got home :) love my boyfriend and his wonderful family :) Christmas with my amazing family tomorrow ! 
finally awake :) going to play in the freshly fallen snow with < PROPFIRST > here in a bit ! 
homework at midnight ? i think so :) 
Bed soon :) more school and studying tomorrow yay ... 
Studying takes up my nights now ... and it will take over the next few days as well ... 
At the 123 later with hillarie ! :) 
just got super-fast internet ! here comes a day full of youtube and hulu ! :) 
Dad just made starwars shaped pancakes for breakfast :) yum 
Study study study .... only one more day of this .... until next semester ... 
Well I feel a little better now .... 
Spending time with hillarie :) movie time ! 
On my way to wisp with < PROPFIRST > to snowboard for the first time ! Wish me luck lol :) 
Headed back from wisp ! A little sore and beat up , but I loved it ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for teachin and staying with me ! Love you baby 
Bedtime ... school in the morning :) 
no school ... and so glad , cause i did none of my homework :) 
What to do today ........... 
Headed to fairmont to watch a play with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Tired of the cold ... wanna wake up to a warm , < PROPFEMALE > , summer day ... 
lazy day ... snow day ... maybe read some ap chem and try to understand ? that's only a maybe though ... 
Wisp later today ! :) let's hope I do better this time lol ... 
I found my future dog ! O so cute samoyed puppies :) 
Headed home , had a great time at YAC with < PROPFEMALE > n friends :) 
doesn't feel well ... 
School and then younglife tonight ! 
Is loathing Ap chemistry 
Just me , a pot of coffee , and my chemistry book all night long 
just got me dorm in the honors hall at WVU !! 
Taking < PROPFIRST > out for his birthday :) 
Need some sleep , trying to sleep , time for sleep ..... 
homework then some sleep :) 
cleaning ... 
Do you break things when you get mad ? \ 
Eat a box of chocolates ' cause you're feelin ' bad ? \ 
Do you paint your toes ' cause you bite your nails ? \ 
Call up momma when all else fails ? \ 
\ 
Who are you when I'm not around ? \ 
When the door is locked and the shades are down ? \ 
Do you listen to your music quietly ? \ 
And when it feels just right , are you thinkin ' of me ? \ 
My oh my , you're so good-looking\ 
But who are you when I'm not looking ? 
Great day :) and there will be another week to follow :) 
Out to eat with < PROPFIRST > :) 
so .... your love is a song :) 
On my way to get my passport ! :) 
is wanting to do some snowboarding :) 
Great , amazing weekend :) :) 
At the dentists ... and realized I still go to a kids dentist ... and I'm the biggest \kid\ " here ... " 
Ready for the weekend ! 
i hope time flies from 8-315 today ... then slows way down for the weekend ... make it last ! 
Rain to snow so quickly today ... where is the sun ? 
With the bests :) 
To fairmont tomorrow with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Stressed out ... but loving this rain to put me to sleep .... 
Vote for < PROPFIRST > McDonald ! On American idol ! He's awesome .... love him ! 
Study then bed :) 
Why can't I just be laying on the sand , soaking up the sun , listening to the tide rise right now ? 
Just tired ... 
Comin home from dance weekend ! Best one yet ! :) 
Just got back from Canaan ! So tired ... 
Wow ... I need to feel better soon .... 
Let sleep be the wave that takes me away , far away ... all the way to a new shore on a new day ... 
Yay .... I love being sick .......... 
Weekend doesn't feel like a weekend 
O girlscout cookies ... I've missed you so ! 
< PROPFIRST > sinatra :) 
Come on Friday ... hurry up 
Needs more sleep .... or coffee 
Goodbye jacksons mill .... until July 
Needs to find a good book ... 
Tired of this weather ... 
Another day ... 
What am I going to do with all this stuff I've collected over the years when I go to college ? What can I do with it ? Can't throw it out , can't give away ... idk ! 
