is fantasizing about fresh homemade blackberry jam ... only 2-3 weeks away now 

Crap . Two frankenstein cellphone charger creation attempts and all I got was a lousy message saying \charger not supported\ " . I guess this is why I'm not an electrician . " 
is out with the boys for Pride Weekend ! 
BACON !!!! 
juat made skydiving reservations . OH YEAH ! Can't wait :) 
was up waaaaay too late last night rescuing the enslaved planet Earth from The Ur-Quan Masters 
so much to be excited about ... its blackberry weekend , FINALLY ... time to make gobs of jam with my little sister ! And then its off to LA for a week of skydiving ( YEAH !!! ) , No Doubt concert , and my best friends :) And maybe some killer shopping too 
UGH morning . Tums : located . More sleep : I think i'm screwed . Sunshine : not on my good side right now . 
just had the most amazing time skydiving today ... spirn twirl spin twirl all the way to the ground !!! < PROPFEMALE > gliding sounding fun now ... 
back in Seattle after 8 days of fun in LA ... gotta say its super nice to be back in my own bed again . Dearly going to miss LA shopping . And must go skydiving again SOON ! Next time from 18k feet ? 
excited ... just found out I'm getting my mom's gorgeously ornate italian mini grand piano , which I've been lusting after for 20 years ! Where to put it ... petty detail to be figured out in time , and insignificant compared to the importance of this fabulous instrument . Even worth changing living quarters . 
Saw family yesterday , and mom sent me home with a ton of books she knew I'd want . I get home and sort through the goodies and find this one book she snuck into the bunch just to torture me a little : < PROPFEMALE > Asher's Costume Book . If you need to make a child's halloween costume in the form of a club sandwhich , a christmas tree , cooked ( or smoked ) salmon , potted flowers , or a jellyfish , this is your definitive guide . 
needing assistance ... no rush ... I have this blender that simply will not unscrew from its base . ( This is NOT some girly ploy , you know me better than that ) 
I want BACON 
is basking in blackberry jammy awesomeness 
blackberry thorn scratches + scrubbing dishes = somewhat unpleasant . blackberry thorn scratches + applying nail polish remover = < PROPMALE > youch . 
wants another tattoo soon . What and where ... then when shortly to follow . Decisions , decisions . 
just found out upon renewing my apartment lease that I have , in fact , had a parking space this whole time here . 5 years . Sketchy former landlord NEVER mentioned this , never handed the spot over to me . So about all that neighborhood circling for parking desperation ... really , really , really sorry . 
just found out last night I am going to be an Aunt ...?! Still in a state of shock ! 
what better way is there to wrap up an awesome night than with Mortal Kombat with good friends ? 
Quan < PROPFIRST > RULES 
has totally rediscovered TRIP HOP music : Sneaker Pimps ... IAMX ... and of course my favorite Goldfrapp ... and so many more , and totally LOVING IT . < PROPFEMALE > - thanks right back at ya for our music lunches !!! 
is super excited - just ordered a DDR PS2 game+pad from amazon ! :) 
Crap crap crap crap crap . Deadmau5 is sold out . Ummm ... I don't suppose anyone has an extra ticket ? 
Finally getting around to putting all my trademark recipes in a book so I don't keep forgetting them ! 
just discovered Dance Dance Revolution ( the home version ) as the funnest home workout I think I've ever had ! By golly , I think I just found the workout routine I can actually stick to ! 
The trojan hunt has failed and now the primary hard drive wipe begins . This had better be worth it . I do not like not being the adminstrator of my own computer . Nope , not one bit . 
can't ... hold ... off ... anymore ... must ... have ... reeses peanut butter cups 
Watched the entire The Godfather series last weekend for the first time EVER . It was so unbelievably good I had to go and watch the entire series a second time . 
I love Halloween !!!!!!!!!!! 
snip , glue , sew , snip , glue , sew ... 
doesn't6 lik , e fake nails theyy are so har to type wth ! 
is at home sick with some voice-robbing yucky thing . Fun fun fun ! I guess I'll finish cataloging my books now . 
at home trying to get well and watching Pee-Wee's Big Adventure . Oh the memories ... 
says having a bunch of Reeses < PROPFEMALE > in the fridge is WAY too much pressure 
' s apartment smells like sick people . 
just made ice ! If you look out the window you may also notice a flock of pigs flying through downtown Seattle . :) 
GLAD for Monday ! Yeah , you heard me . This entire weekend had been vile and must die . 
just dipped into the jar of bacon fat for a fried quesedilla ... so tasty 
Presents wrapped , apartment clean , cookies baked , and going to my brother's wedding tomorrow . Wow , someone in my generation of my family actually getting married ... whooda thought ? ( Way to go and congrats , < PROPMALE >!) 
Nasty virus alert - A Google hack that produces genuine search results but redirects your mouse clicks to ad sites . McAfee doesn't prevent it . You might see the domain thewidgetautoparts.com briefly are you are being redirected today ( it changes daily though ) . Oh and it makes your PC run hellishly slow . I had to do a System Restore in order to get rid of it ... 
Why am i up this early on a saturday ? Ow my head hurts . Happy New Year ! 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! 
packing packing packing ... and so excited for my trip tomorrow ! This feels so much more exciting then just simply going somewhere leisurely , for once . 
is back from Kansas City 
Who loves 18 hour \naps\ " ??? I DO ! " 
thinks facebook quizzes are about as valuable a source of information as as The National Enquirer . 
Cheetos and Red Bull go really good together . 
just wrapped up fashion scrapbook night - most fun and interesting saturday night activity i've had in a long time ! 
looking for a hair color correction EXPERT ... any out there ? I need someone experienced in correcting precolored fragile , fine hair . Sooner the better . The black hair must go ! ( semi-permanent my a -- ) 
stupid Rubik's cube . 75% is not enough . I WILL beat it . I think . 
Twist , swivel , twist . Still hovering around 75-85% . But I'm gonna do it . Maybe . BTW its really funny how many people have told me to just change the stickers and nobody even seems to know anyone who has ever solved this dang thing . 
I WANT THIN MINTS 
DMV from hell day ! WEnt to renew my license and was informed it was suspended . In CA . in 2003 ! How ? I never drove there . Got my license here 2x since then . Finally all cleared up . 5 hours and 5 lines and 4 faxes and 100+ phone calls later . Fun fun . AND this gets to come out of my vacation time . YAY ... 
I have a handful of 12oz jars of blackberry jam left - made last summer during blackberry season - and I'm giving the last of them away . If you want one , let me know . 
Dreamt she ate a bunch of fresh pineapple last night . Then this morning , she woke up with a cankersore ! 
thinks she pulled her right shoulder playing air hockey . competitive ? never ... 
thank god for spare favorite earrings ! 
but thank nobody for dry flavorless manderin oranges . Yuck ! 
lol ... one of the boys left their make-up here 
latest book just arrived in the mail : Beelzebub's Tales to his Grandson . very first sentence is 118 words long . oooooo boy . 
Hollywood has butchered yet another cult favorite story : Clash of the Titans . Sad because the cast and their acting were really great . But they took backseat to uninspired 3D objects flying at you , blasé fight scenes , a godzilla ripoff kracken , and a truckload of other cliche , cookie cutter movie crap , and nothing of the humanistic charm that made the orginal so awesome . I am not at all pleased . 
fell mouthfirst into a wedge of cracked pepper french brie and found her way out through the bottom of the wrapper 
Long live Halloween Hello < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Crazy weekend , wild times with < PROPFEMALE > and her boy Davey , and plenty of stories to remember . Alls well that ends well ! And Tiesto was just awesome , great fun deancing with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
I just need to say once , just once , that I find the \send to voicemail\ " feature of cell phones to be the single most highly abused method of discourtesy in today's world . " 
really giddy ... just am ... yeah ... :) 
Life is : \ ... like an algebra problem painted by < PROPMALE > Dali . X might lead to W and W might lead to the color blue . And the color blue might lead to a chicken quesedilla . \"" 
FINALLY bought my plane ticket to go visit NYC ! Gonna check the place out , enjoy the city and figure out a plan for moving there in a couple years 
Good morning , sunshine !!! 
... am feeling increasingly ill and like this is just the tip of the iceberg . One the bright side , I have my first homemade chili at my side , and its really yummy ! 
This TDSS Rootkit in my nvata . sys file is really pissing me off . Almost as much as holier than thou < PROPMALE > users do . 
Countdown begins ... two weeks until NYC ! And from the look of my luggage you'd think its just two days away ( I wish ) 
is thinking sinister , evil thoughts about Access 2007 right now 
settling in for a peaceful evening with my new english teacup , dainty strainer , and a delightful strawberry darjeeling tea 
New York New York i must explore museums shopping clubs galore tick tock tick tock five more days to go can't wait can't wait I'm just all aglow ! :) 
is off to the airport to go to Manhattan , NYC ! ( btw I can't believe I'm up this early . scratch that - I've been up this early zillions of times . But I can't believe i WOKE up this early ! ) 
finally broke down to check faceb ... i mean e-mail . LOVING NYC ! About coming back ... well NY isn't free so I do think I'll return , even if only to prepare for my move here in 2 years . I've never been more certain that NYC is where my heart is . I've never seen a city with more soul , creativity , passion , shared values , drive , and true love for their city than here . I want in . NOW . 
back from NY , and have chronicled all of my days ' events , curiousities , observations & thoughts in over 100 pgs of writing , notes , memento scraps etc . Basics include 5 museums , 3 clubs , 1 Statue of < PROPFEMALE > by schooner , locale visits like Times Sq , Soho , Brooklyn , Queens , 3 street fairs , 1 < PROPFEMALE > HQ visit , best shopping ever , & so much more , & most of all the wonderful friends made at the hostel !!! NY ... Mwah ! 
would like her lunch delivered to her work desk by a guy on a bicycle , please 
just bought a PINK shirt 
is giddy ... enrolled in college today ! 
STIFFED :P 3 weeks ago in soho tried on a dress , loved it , bought it . AS i was buying it the cashier took some time to admire it while simultaneously appearing to have some difficulty ringing me up , and elisting the help of a co-worker from the floor . Eventually she finished ... apparently far more so than I realized until it was too late . What do I have here , size LARGE ? Great ... 
wants to order pizza and play video games all day 
thinks its very silly that we americans usurped the word \football\ " for a sport where the object is 1 . not a true ball and 2 . carried by hand most of the time " 
is feelin spicy 
oh fudge ... my plans for a hot bath thwarted by temporary ADD and am now left with a nearly overflowing chilly bath , and no more hot water for about two hours . hmph . 
has decided that this scorching day will be punctuated by a double , perhaps even triple round of baking . Crazy ? Maybe . Delicious ? Definitely . 
Part 1 : Had my first nightmare in over 20 years last night . Stuck amidst a swirling mass of nothingness , gray and black ambigious formless objects , forever changing like a section of a kaleidescope , swirling and swarming around me . It was terrifying . I tried to crawl out . 
Part 2 : Then I remembered that I was dreaming . I told myself to wake up . I couldn't . I screamed and screamed and told myself to open my eyes , and shook between the waking and dreaming world , but I was stuck . Finally I opened them and woke up with a jolt , and threw my back out in the process . \ 
\ 
This morning was not a good morning . 
Finally upgraded to the \Rugby\ " phone . Will I be able to keep this one intact ? Only time will tell . " 
It's finally time for my yearly blackberry jam making binge 
First batch of blackberry jam successfully complete :) But since my usual spots are demolished , there may not be much more this year . Gladly accepting recommendations for good picking spots ... will repay in jam 
Chocolate Bacon Martinis are so much more awesome than I ever imagined possible 
it's such a fuzzbrain friday 
Please , my lovely pet Fishy , would you run to the store for me ? I would like some hot soup , a lemon , < PROPFEMALE > , lozenges and some of that zingy < PROPFEMALE > tea . 
sunday morning * gasp * stupid internal clock 
got home from the dentist , straight to the kitchen to get dinner ( so hungry ! ) and realized quite disappointedly that she was going to need a dribble cloth . yay ... 
lost her giant rhinestone cross earrings :( 
thinks its just about time for 4 cheese baked < PROPMALE > n cheese 
is happy as a clam with tickets to ATB , < PROPFIRST > Oakenfold , DEADMAU5 , The Bloody Beetroots , and Freaknight all over the next 60 days :) oh yeah . 
YAAAAY ! My local QFC started carrying organic cruelty free bacon ! Bacon bacon bacon ! 
... annoyed that every new computer part has arrived in the mail EXCEPT the power supply , which makes assembling my new PC this weekend mostly pointless 
oh boy oh boy oh boy ! my cpu power supply has finally arrived . let construction finally begin . 
My new PC assembly project is officially a huge success ! 
Ambien is freaky wierd 
one free pumpkin spice scented jar candle to whoever wants it ... you know you want it 
I love love love halloween ! 
Had a night of serene perfection at Freaknight as a Roadkill < PROPFEMALE > Kat ... pics coming later . Infected Mushroom are brilliantly talented . Best Freaknight act ever , I think . 
is extremely tired of watching < PROPFIRST > Springer ( for research ) . next time I need to choose an essay subject that doesn't irritate me to no end . 
Open opinion question : Should journalists working for non-partisan news organizations be permitted to make partisan political contributions ? 
had a little juice mishap followed by a failed keyboard surgery attempt ... anyone have a spare clunker keyboard they could < PROPFEMALE > for a couple weeks ? 
Is anyone following this news on < PROPFIRST > Assange ? What do you think ? Highly suspicious charges because of the enormous political impact of his work , or just a brazen man calling foul when he is actually guilty ? 
is mildly amused when someone spends 15 minutes trying to argue the benefits of a specifically innacurate mass communique , only to approach me half hour later suggesting a \compromise\ " that is exactly what I told them they should do to begin with . " 
Thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes !!! :) 
I woke up this morning truly convinced that I had just been white water rafting at the head of the Rio in the heart of South < PROPFEMALE > . 
hey people ... my sister and I are deadset on doing a whitewater rafting trip in South < PROPFEMALE > some time in the next few months . Would be fun to have more people join ; costs about 4k for a week for all expenses inc airfare . Who wants in ?? :) 
is EXHAUASTED from 6 hours of skiiing today , but its a GOOD exhausted 
ow ow ow ow ow 
the < PROPFEMALE > is always nice but tonight its simply breathtaking 
I got mah new skiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis :) 
says that she says that she's not saying what she's not supposed to say without explicitly saying but by saying so much about not saying she says everything . 
I want to SKI tomorrow ... one of the last potential ski days of the year :( 
la < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , to the store i go , its a massive < PROPFEMALE > attack so to the store i go 
Some days you just wanna go back home , crawl into bed , and play video games all day . Today is one of those days . 
goin skiing this Saturday ... holler quick if you want to go too ( boarders ok too of course ) need to know soon for ski shuttle reservations 
LOVES finding Bolthouse Farms Green Goodness and San Pelligrino in my fridge after an intense ski day . YUM and so refreshing , too . 
omgomgomg ... I just filed my 2010 tax return and found out I'm getting 9 WHOLE DOLLARS ! Shopping spree time ? 
just bought a near front row center ticket to see Ther Merchant of < PROPFEMALE > in Britain this May , starring < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > as Shylock < featuring my biggest grin ever > 
good GOD ... just discovered two fraudulant charges on my credit card for $ 99,999 each ! Fortunately they were both blocked by my bank as suspect , but now I'm going to have to get OCD on finding out what this was all about 
I'm probably not the first person in history to notice a fiftyfold increase in productivity while listening to background classical music , but dude ... I've gotta say holy cow , just the same . 
thinking its kind of frightening how the line between politics and reality television is gradually disintegrating . 
