If you haven't seen the new Transformers yet , shame on you . GO SEE IT . 

wants to buy a new life at Target . Except for July 8th and 14th . I'll keep those days . 
I've gotten into a strange habit of doing paint-by-numbers ... is that normal for a 16-year-old ? 
I feel stupid for saying so , but I'm starting to get anxious for school to start . :S 
I'm making a cake today !! 
I'm jobless , my head hurts , my bed's a mess , and I'm going to Lagoon on Saturday . 
It's about time I get a really big bar of Hershey's chocolate . I think I deserve one . And I don't really feel like taking the ACT at 8am tomorrow . I need to hibernate . 
I'm thinking I need to rethink my life . Like maybe save time for reading big books instead of reading the last half in sparknotes the night before the plot summary is due :S 
Whatever happened to simplicity ? Does that all just go out the door once you hit a certain age ? Or am I just defective ? Haha . Maybe that's why I want to be a psychologist : to figure out my own issues . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , I think you're right . 
If you buy the < PROPFEMALE > Trek DVD , watch it , then go straight to the gag reel . Oh my heck . I freaking love < PROPMALE > Quinto at the end !!! ( And everywhere else , of course :D ) 
Today should be Friday . But it isn't . And I have to do homework . And I don't want to . But Bones is on tonight . I think I'll procrastinate a bit longer ... 
I'm cold . I'm cranky . I'm tired . I think I need a big long break . :D 
Lately I've noticed that I get , hear , notice , etc . something new and if I like it , I get totally obsessed about it . Then like a month later , I have no interest for it . Is there something wrong with me ? 
I got a death glare from Ms. Parrish today ... I can't help it if I think that < PROPFEMALE > Eyre is funny ! I mean come on ! It's dang hilarious ! 
Hearing voices , one of which was close at hand , she withdrew her head and glanced from behind the window-curtains . 
At this point , I'm glad I have bangs . ( Nobody can see the massive zit on my forehead ) :D 
wma - mp3 converter : opens in 13 days ... uhm , I think I'll just download a different converter ... in the meantime , maybe a complaint email could be called for . 
I love babies . Especially ones that are related to me . :) 
I'm so excited for New Beginnings this year !! EEP ! :) 
Do I really have to go to school tomorrow ? I want it to be over already :S 
So B-days pretty much rock now . I have Parrish twice and seminary . OH MY GOODNESS LIFE ROCKS . :) 
Buying/selling college books is a nightmare ... and I'm not even in college ! :S 
I have a dislike button !!!! Too bad it doesn't work for Google Chrome ... only Firefox . 
My college algebra book is coming !!! With a solutions < PROPMALE > !!! Happy day :) 
So my finger joint hurts for no reason at all ... I'm sad . 
I hate headaches :S 
So I really want to go to band tour this year , but I have no job and no money . Any ideas for fundraising ? :) 
Why can't the scholarship deadlines be March 1st ? Or even April 1st ? 
I have no words :S 
< PROPFIRST > Swift wins Grammy Album of the Year !!! Woo !! I love her :) 
SoBe Lifewater for 99 cents ??? STOCKING UP ! 
So I decided , hey , maybe I'll watch some of the original < PROPFEMALE > Trek on YouTube . Buffering sucks . And it keeps skipping . Oh well . I'll just suffer . 
Is anyone taking Ms. Parrish's advice and not going to her class because the Colts lost ? I'm debating ... 
I guess my life is all about memorizing now ... New Beginnings , Canterbury Tales ... next up : Hamlet's soliloquy . Joy . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Myrvin can actually steer now . And he doesn't moan . I don't think I can call him Moaning Myrvin anymore . :( 
Thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday !! It was a fantabulous day ! 
No school on Friday ... and half of the day will be spent driving . YAY ! I can catch up on March Madness ! And maybe some Mayor of Casterbridge , but most likely just the BOM . 
Off to a day of driving and walking around !!! 
I am officially going to attend SUU in the fall . Yay me ! 
homeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomework Wait , what's that ? 
Orangeade . Mmmm . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Freakin ' Wonderland !!! In XD 3D ! CAN life get any better ? I submit that it CAN ! Ha , okay , so for a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie , it definitely could have been creepier/scarier/ < PROPMALE > ier . But < PROPFIRST > Depp with very large green eyes was fun to look at :) 
COLLEGE !!! Can I graduate this place yet ? 
I hate being sick :( 
My hands smell like Downy ... It's making me gag >:P 
If anyone is going to SUU and needs a roommate , let me know . Also , if you know anyone who is going to SUU and needs a roommate , PLEASE let me know . :D 
St. < PROPFIRST > in exactly one week !! WOO ! Vacation ! 
Have I ever said how much I LOVE animal crackers ?? 
Countdown to St. George : 7 days ... 
Countdown to St. George : 4 days ... 
I thought I knew , but now I'm not so sure ... 
I'd like to think it's all over , but then I'd be lying to myself . 
Someone needs to call up the College Board and tell them to switch the Psych and Lit tests . If they did that , life would be balanced again . :) 
< PROPMALE > Nickleby was AMAZING ! I wish I could watch you all act all over again several times , haha . Awesome work guys ! 
Hello ? Yes , Superman ? Feel free to swoop by anytime . 
I get criticized for listening to Owl City in my car for over 3 months , but you know what ? He's the only singer I can listen to repeatedly and not get bored . THAT'S WHY HIS MUSIC IS ALWAYS IN MY CD PLAYER ! If you don't like it , stay out of my car . So there . :D 
I love how it's after 8 o ' clock and it's still < PROPFEMALE > outside ... life is good :) 
Just for the record , Iceberg's cake shake is NOTHING like Coldstone's cake batter . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH IT . 
Just found out the dress we were making for me is for short people who have no bust whatsoever . Thanks a lot Simplicity . >:| 
I think this stupid application just sent everyone in my friends some invite , so feel free to ignore it . Sorry :S 
My day wasn't very good today , and then I found a good dress for tomorrow night . Now all is well :) 
I really don't want to write 3 essays ... Anyone willing to for a dollar ? :D 
I think I'm the only person on facebook because I'm the only person with nothing to do on Friday night . I'm pathetic :( 
I need something to do . I'm buzzing around the house like a < PROPFEMALE > :S 
I just spent an hour with Hatchlings ... Well , at least all my pets are fed and happy :D 
Dear AP Literature class 4B , \ 
Our video failed so we only have raw footage to show you . Be prepared for the rawest ( and hilariousest ) video ever shown . \ 
Love , < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Two down , two to go . Plus , my stupid portfolio . >:( 
Still plowing through my portfolio ... I don't think I'll have time for my math assignments :S Yay , procrastination !!! 
I'm feeling kind of bored . And I don't know if I want to sleep or do something fun . 
In the arms of my love I'm flying\ 
Over mountain and meadow and glen\ 
And I like it so well that for all I can tell\ 
I may never come down again\ 
I may never come down to earth again 
We are all a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall into mutual weirdness and call it love . 
'' Oh my gosh ! The square root of soon is NEVER!'' 
I'm going to be different and talk about something besides graduation . I'm going to college in three months !!! 
I'd rather have a runny nose than a sore throat . Oh darn , I don't get to pick . I get both , lucky me . Oh and bonus ! Have a headache on the side . 
So on the first day of summer vacation ( Monday ) I got increasingly sick and I still feel crappy . So much for sunshine :( 
I think I might crack and try the good old remedy : chicken noodle soup . 
Turns out I have a viral upper respiratory infection . Blech . What a fantastic summer ... 
I must have really needed those 13 and a half hours of sleep . I've never had so many fun dreams . :) 
I'm driving for 3 hours all by myself tomorrow . In the morning , no less . 
I need a party . :| 
I just finished my resume so if anyone knows anybody who's hiring desperate future college students , let me know . :) 
I hate it when my tan skin peels away and makes me white again . :( 
I must be insane . I'm seeing Eclipse . 
< PROPMALE > is a LOT more attractive in Eclipse . And not just because his former accent came out a bit ;) 
Straight from the mind of Celeste : What do you do when something you've chased after for so long suddenly becomes unattainable and you have to give up ? What happens next ? 
Does anyone want to go get frosties from < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ? 
I need some bona fide social interaction . Like that face-to-face stuff that doesn't happen anymore . Maybe a happy gathering tomorrow ? :) 
Dixon Woodruff HAPPY FREAKIN ' BIRTHDAY YOU OLD MAN !!! 
Folderol and fiddle < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Fiddly faddly foodle . All the dreamers in the world are crazy in the noodle . 
My room smells a bit like wet dog . I'm not sure why . My room is neither wet , nor doggy . But apparently it's wet-doggy . 
Being virtuous isn't just about what you don't do ; it's also about what you DO do . 
You can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest . 
Folderol and fiddle < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Fiddly faddly foddle . All the wishes in the world are poppycock and twaddle . 
For the rest of the week , each day I'm going to put an inspirational quote or idea that I found at girls ' camp . Sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > came and talked to us !!!! 
First quote/idea from girls ' camp is a go : \Let your lower lights keep glowing so the seaman can find his way . \"" 
I found a free program a bit like photoshop , but the stupid thing can't take away zits right :( 
Dear Iceberg , \ 
Thank you for finally giving me the shake I wanted after you so obviously didn't give it to me last time . \ 
I want some new shoes . 
I have a blister on my thumb from sharpening ALL of my colored pencils . Amazing what coloring books can motivate one to do . 
I have done the unforgivable : I have started writing ... GASP ! a vampire novel . XP 
I love Pandora , but it's killing my computer >:P 
I've decided that if I don't marry a bona fide nerd , my life won't be complete . 
Linguini : \I have a ra- . A ra-a-a ... \ " \ 
Just found all my elementary school class pictures ... It makes me wonder where all these kids are now . Ha . 
If you love me , you'll know what my favorite color is :) 
People drive all sucky-like . 
So our internet is down ... and I'm using my mom's sidekick to tell you all this . By the way , < PROPFEMALE > was amazing for its first night . Come see it ! 
Does anyone want to go see a movie with me tomorrow ? Text me if yes :) 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > Potter ! :) 
Nothing can rain on MY parade . So I don't need an umbrella :) 
Showtunes ... :) Right now : Be Our Guest . Ah , musicals . Gotta love ' em . 
< PROPMALE > MIS IS ON SHOWTUNES !!!!! That just made my week worth it :) 
And now for \Celeste Says Something Clever . \ " \ 
I'm thinking maybe an Iceberg shake and movie night either Thursday or Friday ... Who's with me ? :) 
Had to turn down a job offer today ... :( 
Whatever happened to fun on a friday night ? Is anyone interested in relieving me of boredom ...? Please ? :) 
Matinee anyone ? 
Me : What is 3 in binary ? \ 
ChaCha : The binary number 11 is 1 * 2 + 1 * 1 = 1 * 21 + 1 * 20 which in decimal is 3 . \ 
Me : Why does cha cha suck at giving me the answer I want ? \ 
ChaCha : I am sorry that you feel that way . If you feel that you did now have your question answered properly call 1-800-82 0-0 827 . Thanks ! \ 
Gee ChaCha , I feel so satisfied with my wasted texts and time . 
Everything is funny at 2'o clock in the morning . Especially putting a stethoscope on your nose and sniffing . 
I finally finished Super < PROPFIRST > Galaxy ( number one ) with < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPMALE > AND I got the 121st < PROPFEMALE > . I feel strangely accomplished . 
Spider creeping along my puppies poster 15 inches from my face ... now my card's envelope has spider guts on it ... ew . That thing was creepy . 
Colorado , here I come !!! taking the ugly way through Wyoming so we can get there an hour and a half sooner . Yay , boredom ! 
On the way home ... I wish we could've stayed in Colorado Springs longer :( 
I'm leaving my home of 16 years . I'll miss Taylorsville and everyone in it ! I love you all ! Text me every once in a while :) 
I would go on Phineas ' and Ferb's coolest coaster ever . Minus the snakes , mud , and car wash . 
I now have my computer and internet up and running :) Hellooooo college life ! 
First day of college tomorrow ! First class : intro to fiction . This is going to be great :) 
I already love my intro to fiction class . Only downside is that it's EDNET and my teacher's on a TV . But at least I can still ask questions there . It makes me miss Ms. Parrish . Ah , literature :) 
Okay boys/men/male types , this is for you . I was thinking about ye olden tymes where courtship and marriage was a lot different than nowadays . So , given that info , if you were about to propose to the girl of your dreams ( in this < PROPFEMALE > ) , would you ask her father for permission first ? 
Only in Utah would your uncle/aunt be younger than you . 
I might have a job :O 
I DO have a job !! 
Did you tell < PROPFIRST > that you loved him ? Did you say , '' < PROPFIRST > , I love you'' ? 
Statistics is going to be fun . Six people in the whole class . Yay . :) Plus I already know some stuff from psych . 
I have to write an essay for 4:00 and I don't even know if it should be informative or persuasive and my teacher won't respond to my email :( 
Update : my teacher STILL hasn't answered my email , so I'm plowing ahead with an informative essay because I'm pretty sure it's not very productive to persuade someone that the Constitutional Convention happened . 
Government . Bleh . 
If you put a microphone in front of Mick Jagger and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , who would eat it first ? 
I'm < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Go to bed . 
You know those kids with shaggy hair that hangs in their eyes who have to flip their heads every 10 seconds to get it out of their eyes ? I bet if you put six of them in a car , it'd flip over within a minute . 
It's the end of the world as we know it , and I feel fine ... Except for the fact that I have to go to government . 
Miracles are like meatballs , because nobody can exactly agree on what they are made of , where they come from , or how often they should appear . -- Lemony Snicket 
Pandora : 80's Pop Radio = best radio ever 
I started reaching for the package of oreos and the TV said \Help us try to rid the world of a million bad snacks ! \ " The universe is trying to tell me something . " 
I'm getting kind of sick of all the malapropism people are embodying nowadays . 
I never realized how obnoxious the song \America\ " from West Side Story is . Yeesh . " 
Galileo ! Figaro ! Magnific o-o h-oh-oooohhhhh !!! 
\The expression ' Shiver me timbers!' comes from the society of pirates 
Haircuts and kittens make me happy :) 
I watched \If You Really Knew Me ( Challenge Day)\ " on MTV today ... what a change . I actually cried . I wish every school in < PROPFEMALE > could get that < PROPMALE >." 
My Bones are full of Glee . :) 
Got a flu shot today . It's a bit unsettling to feel the liquid enter my flesh . Plus , I bled a bit more than usual and now there's a < PROPFEMALE > scab on my arm . Joy . :) 
This is the part where I say something clever or quote someone else's clever saying . I'm coming up blank . Oh , so I'm reading the Inkheart series again .. I forgot how beautifully those words are put together ... :) pure joy 
Politics should just die . Because I hate writing about them . 
\Why do grown-ups think it's easier for children to bear secrets than the truth ? Don't they know about the horror stories we imagine to explain the secrets ? \"" 
Once upon a time I had to run a mile and a half because Fitness for Life is REQUIRED in college . The end . 
The one thing I miss about high school is that the person sitting next to you doesn't smell like cigarette smoke . 
individual \\in-duh-vi-joo-wuhl\\ [ n ] : a singular person distinguished from others by a special quality [ Syn . character , original , unique , one self ] . 
As some of you may know , I posted a comment about babies yesterday . I apologize to anyone who was offended by it . It was just something that was said in humor , not seriously . I only posted it to share the hilarity of it because I would never want babies to die , and I'm sure everyone else feels the same way . I'm sorry . 
Anyone remember < PROPMALE>'s Lab ? And the way he said \luh-bore-uh-tory\ " ? And < PROPFEMALE > always wishing she was a fanciful unicorn ? What happened to good wholesome shows like that ? " 
Colorado , here I come . :) 
It's a barbarity that clarity is a rarity . 
Vista Security : You are coming to a sad realization . Cancel or allow ? \ 
PC : ... allow . 
I love sewing . My dress is going to be fantastic . In every sense of the word . :) 
The sunset is gorgeous tonight . Enjoy it kids :) 
You know you've had too much < PROPFEMALE > when ... you close your eyes and imagine Frodo Baggins with anime eyes . \ 
how do you know when you've had too much < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I think I need a movie party in the near future . \ 
\ 
PS : I got a job !! 
\Maurice and Ralston ? I'm glad Dad got so fun and creative with naming\ 
I have Aeropostale coupons ! They're 30% off ( excluding markdowns , of course ) and valid between next Thursday the 18th and Sunday the 21st . Even if you don't want clothes , you could get socks , slippers , scarves , or jewelry . Let me know if you're interested ! 
I love Primary programs . Singing off-key , mumbling lines , screaming the right words at the wrong time ... Ah , children . 
Can't sleep . Writing a book is like having a song stuck in your head and it won't go away until you sing it . Looks like I'll have to write before I can sleep ... 
Life really is a bowl of cherries . It's a really good thing , it's before you know it , and if you take it all at once , it'll just come back to haunt you . 
Although it should have been previously known to all , I am a nerd . And this fact is only being further evidenced by the fact that I'm currently awaiting HP7 . 
People are like nail polishes . They're all different colors and come from different companies , but they all smell the same . 
I'm very tempted to run outside and consume a very large handful of fresh snow . 
Been working Black Friday at Aero . I never thought bagging clothes would be so fun . But I guess the people around me contributed to the fun factor ! FREE BEAAR !! 
So I've noticed that my last six statuses have been updated by text ... haha . Hello , computer . Yes , I still love you :) Let me wipe off that dust a bit ... 
It's December tomorrow . o.o 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood ! The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
I love being wide awake when my alarm goes off . I should get ten hours of sleep more often . :) 
So much to say ... no one to say it to . Dear Diary ... 
I got the day off today ! I think I'll celebrate with a little < PROPFIRST > Kart later ... 
< PROPFIRST > Mouse pajamas !!! 
I have discovered that Epic < PROPFIRST > is , indeed , epic . I have also discovered that I still can't play Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . no matter what the format is . 
He laughed . This feels like < PROPMALE > high all over again ... Except I'm wittier now . :) 
