Not much . Work , Bills , and silly shit . 

Mythology ... I know its Weird .... yet Interesting . 
What I'm goign to do after working on my Birthday for my Birthday . 
Wondering what to do on my days off for my birthday since I'm working on my birthday . 
Just confused about Life 
Nights come and go just like the days pass . 
Work in a hour ... well , gotta make money some how . 
Love and respect your enemies for they could become your best asset . 
Liking how the world is trying to look up 
Fueled by Hope , and yes its a renewable source of Energy . 
I'm going in ...... and im gonna go hard !?! Into work that is ... 
There is never a permanent shortcut , eventually things will make you take the long way about in order to get a result you didn't expect . 
trying to get in the halloween Spirit . 
turkey time ... eh ? Maybe if I feel like cooking 
What ? Moving on UPPPP to a DELUXE GREASE STATION IN THE SKKKYYYYY 
What ? Bored thats it 
And make it rain , and make it rain ... Lol damn American Dad clip been stuck in my head all day . 
bored , tired of work for what seems like nothing and single ... Holidays suck 
Damn its cold . and Holidays still tend to suck lol . 
Even though times get harder and harder I'm still here . When the world throws Everything I have away , I still have just what I need to get by . 
I'm tired of dealing with People . Act like they got love for you then they treat you like shit when you decide to stop doing things for them . Say they appreciate you then turn another and forget about you . This Change will come , because you brought it on yourself . 
February ... Needs to END ... ASAP . Money is on the Vikings for NFC Superbowl Spot . < PROPMALE > out with Cousins and the baby . 
Lets see ... Saints beat the Vikings , my Ipod finally broke , I've caught a bad cold and .... Work today . Yup Greatest Day ever . 
Feeling Better slowly .... 
Damn ... last comment was January 27th .... lets see . Nothing has Changed . 
I ain't a killer but , don't push me . Revenge is the sweetest joy next to that one thing . Only God and Parents can judge me . Only God can Deliever the Final Judgement upon me . 
* Insert Smart assed comment about life here * * Insert Wise quote here * Sleeping then Working the weekend away . 
I really do think My Manager does intentionally try to piss me off to get me fired somedays . I already KNOW I'm going to hear some BULLSHIT tomorrow but , I really don't give a shit . 
Working . Funny the rain picks up just as I walk out the house . 
Look at the world , see it through the eyes of a Someone that has nothing . Afterwards look at the world through your own eyes . Learn to appreciate those that offer assistance and you in turn will be appreciated for just being who you are . 
People say everything about anyone to everyone . Your friends laugh at it and encourage it . Do you really think that person doesn't do the exact same thing to you when you aren't around or when you upset them ? Then you are a Fool . I'm just going to do what necessary , Say what I need to say , and keep it moving . 
Work ... As usual . Afterwards ? Home , maybe a Movie .... sleep ... Repeat . 
People Piss me off , Still I just try to smile and laugh it off because in the end ... people will still Piss me off . 
Getting Ready For Work ... back at it . Lets hope this week is better . 
LOL ... This Weekend I live at work .... IN a way I guess that counts as a better weekend . 
The best Help tends to come from those you dont expect it from . So yeah ... Thank you for your Help . 
Learning something new everyday at work about Work . Need to keep my focus because when I make it to the top , I dont want to be that one that stabbed everyone in the back . 
Of this Life ... I want to Die having not a single regret . 
Craving a Frappe ... I blame Mcdonalds for this . 
What's on my Mind : Stressful , getting a Drink , alot of perverted shit oh and money . Work soon . 
I sold all my money ... gave away food away when I was Hungry ... and prayed for Enemies that don't Love me . Trust me , God appreciates it when you live humbly . 
Tired of all this Shit , can't sleep ... been up since I got home from work last night ... seriously . Fuck it . 
Oh Shit Son . Lol 
I blame my Cousin got me listening to 3 6 this damn late . Ughhh 
N > A new PC . 
The path is long and hard . You will bleed and you will fall . There will be tears and pain , but if you pick yourself back up and keep pushing yourself , you will see the light that you were looking ? for at the end of the tunnel . 
OOOH SHIIIT SONNN !?! 
Funny the Jobs that pay the lowest require more work . 
Was at it all week , time to unwindd ~ 
My attitude is \fuck it\ " and you motherfuckas love it . " 
It was my ? only wish to rise , above these jealous , coward mother fuckers I despise . 
Do you know why I took the position of crew leader considering my disdain for everyone ? Is it all about the extra 20 cents ever hour ? Maybe its the idea that I can finally make a difference in that god forsaken hell hole called Hardee's ? .. Trust me its all about the 20 cents . 
I really do not like hospitals , they remind me of Death . 
Feeling better . 
Cooking Meat with Big Meech 
Thanks to all those that wished me Happy birthday . It is truly appreciated . 
People never learn about things until its too late . Always pay attention to subtle comments from Bosses and employees . 
You are always tormented by an inability to relate ... \ 
to others . People do respect you , are excited to affiliate wit you , \ 
and see you as very deep , but it's hard for you to appreciate this . You\ 
often feel that nobody really understands you , and you look inward for \ 
answers when you've already tried looking toward others . 
HOW ABOUT THEM COWBOYSSS !?! 
Finally Feeling better and getting Hours back at the job . Lets get some bills caught up again . 
Same ol Shit , Just a Different day . 
Talking to myself because I am my own consultant . 
