Happy new year people !! Hope 2011 is better than 2010 . 

Wayyy too many people have asked me if I have facebook this past week , so I joined . I'm still fixing up my profile & stuff tho . 
Driving to cape may for the weekend now . So bored ... 
Eating at < PROPMALE>'s root beer on the wildwood boardwalk ... < PROPFEMALE > hungry . 
Putting off a ton of summer work even longer ... Can't believe school starts so soon ! And lol on everyone that already started ... Which is pretty much everyone . 
Back in cape may for the weekend , but I have to do my summer work . This really sucks . 
Ughhh ... First day of school tommorow . Not looking foreward to waking up at 6:30 . 3 
Phew , Thank god for the weekend . 
I think every show I watch starts today ... I'm gonna have the DVR backed up for a week . 
Had a long weekend because of some teacher thing , spent most of it cleaning , playing minecraft , and catching up to my DVR . Definitely needed the break . 
On the way to Cape May ... Lol 
Eating at < PROPFEMALE>'s water ice in cape may ... So sad it closes tomorrow . I passed up my vanilla misto for a piña colada misto . It's really good . 
30 rock liveeeeeee ! 
Had a busy week ... Went to see American idiot on broadway last weekend and there's been a lot of homework this week . I still have no idea what I'm doing for Halloween , much less what I'm going as . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! 1 !! 1 !!! 
Visited the Solebury school , then went to work out at the wellness center . Doubt I'll be able to walk tomorrow . 
Wow , no school ! I did not expect an actual snow day today . 
Why have a normal school opening if your bus won't get to school for over an hour anyway ? This is getting ridiculous . 
Finished my ww1 research paper and then realized that i still need to write 2 and a half pages or she wont accept it . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY KIPPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lol if you're 6 in people years then that makes you 42 in dog years , right ? 
First track meet of the season ... it was cold . 
