Getting ready to go back to the field 

Getting ready for dinner , then maybe a bakery visit . 
Just finished eating some za and a little sick from drinking nearly a liter of cranberry juice far too quickly . 
Finished drawing Vigla EU8 ( The Best Trench Ever ) . A little sad to see it go . 
Only 12 more hours in Cyprus . Oh the long flights with the bad angles and the < PROPMALE > that curve . 
Hmm , about time to update this status . Going back to Pittsburgh tonight , then off to some kind of amusement park in Ohio of which I can't remember the name . Hopefully they didn't lie about the water park just to get me to go . 
Back to work in a few minutes . 
Wish I had something interesting to share . Well at least you know I am still alive . It will have to do for now . 
In Canada now , getting ready to leave for the island soon . Almost too early in the morning for that kind of stuff . 
Got back from Canada today . Always a great time spending time with family and friends . 
Great weekend , now I'm up early to finish some homework . 
There are four lights !! 
Only one more test and then the semester is over . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I hope everyone is having a great day . 
oh no's . Almost time to go back to school . 
It is way too early in the semester to start having these late nights . Although I guess it isn't so late , but I am old now . 
My tribute to Meggie cont : When you actually meet someone , you may not really meet them for years to come , or maybe you already met them . I am just wondering which of you rubes I am blowing off right now , or perhaps then . 
My tribute to Meggie : You know how they say that time flies when your having fun , the opposite must be true as well . Well our minds can only occupy one moment in time . So I have a theory that everyone is going along in a different conscious point in their life and is only rarely there with you . 
Rube : from Latin rubens : red with shame , blushing . Made that connection up ( could be the truth , though , I have been totally lucky before ) , but it makes perfect sense with redneck . 
Many things are meant to be , but that doesn't exuse us from inaction . 
No school today , and no school tomorrow . Muhahahaha 
There is no better way to take your anger out on an inanimate object than smashing it into a million pieces . 
All I need is one more snow day and I will have a whole week of school . So close ... 
I need to stop watching AVGN . It just makes me want to play those crappy games and then the fury comes . 
Today is like my Sunday . But it's Saturday !! 
Life isn't fair , it's just fairer than death . 
Does anyone else like going to dictionary.com, looking up words , and listening the pronunciation sound clip ? 
Hostem cum fugeret , se Fannius ipse peremit . Hic , rogo , non furor est , ne moriare , mori ? 
Did you ever notice , there is like the 30 sec five < PROPFEMALE > utes , and the 20 < PROPFEMALE > five < PROPFEMALE > utes but never the five < PROPFEMALE > ute five < PROPFEMALE > utes . 
Mega Man needs to take off the damn Doc Marten's and get some boots with better traction . 
Tribute to Meggie : If Barnabas and Nobilius were real , that would have been one less lie I told . 
The < PROPMALE > Decimal System , what a scam that was . 
A donation has been made in your name to the human fund . 
Best face book status ever ! Guaranteed ! * ! ! ! * Not a guarantee 
Well my sojourn into the world of modern and avant garde < PROPMALE > was pretty much a bust ( I must be related to that < PROPMALE > Stein guy people keep mentioning ) . Still the day wasn't a total waste . I saw this really old guy in a coffee shop who couldn't quite see his phone to send a text message so he was using a monocle for a better view . In the famous words of some credit card commercial which I can't remember : priceless . 
I wonder if this is how Atlas felt when he went to get the < PROPFEMALE > apples . 
Done . 
Singleton < PROPFIRST > was a good ol ' man , a good ol ' man . Singleton < PROPFIRST > was a good ol ' man .... And he had plans for his money's . 
Wait a second . You know all those dreams where your teeth are falling out . Well what about if you dream that you teeth are all very straight perfect . 
Funny , graduated about a week ago , but it doesn't feel that different . Maybe I need to wait a little bit more for it to sink in . 
Asking for prayers for my mother today . Her gallbladder is getting worse and she won't be getting it removed until Thursday ( maybe sooner if it doesn't clear up ) . Happy mother's day to her and all mothers . 
I want to thank everyone for their prayers . Her latest gallbladder attack finally ended last night . She is still getting it removed , but now she isn't in severe pain until then . Still keep her in your prayers for her surgery and that another attack doesn't happen until then . 
Hello friend this is < PROPFIRST > Boon , yeah the singer guy ha ha ha . Calling in an automated message on behalf of ... 
My mom's surgery got moved up to today . Please pray for her again and hopefully she has a swift recovery . 
... When I went to try to do another system restore I found an option to undo the previous system restore . It completed , the virus was back and my comp could boot up . Then I didn't even the fix , because my virus protection found it this time . The point , how great it is to have the ability to undo a mistake , but how greater it is to have the ability to undo the undo if the undo was a mistake . 
I got a virus messing up my computer . It wasn't letting my virus software search , when it did , it didn't find the virus . So I tried to do a system reset , to an earlier point before the virus popped up . Unfortunately , that really messed up my computerand it would freeze on start-up . After trying several fixes I found one for the virus . But thesystem restore , while I believe it removed the virus , was now the problem ... 
I think , without fail , that any song named the entertainer has to be good . 
10 ft from a tiger today . Don't be too jealous . 
\All a < PROPMALE > can count on out there is himself and his missles . \"" 
I'm tired of the word epic . Now legendary , that's epic . 
Tribute to < PROPFIRST > and Ray : Remember the peddler . Remember his extremely long whisker . 
\Scissors is over powered . Rock is fine\ " -Paper " 
ON SUNDAYS ! 
A true friend is someone you can message late at night to call your cell phone because it happens to be your alarm clock and you lost it somewhere between here and the kitchen . 
At the Pittsburgh Airport getting ready to go to the Dominican Republic ! 
Just dug a thorn out of my foot with a spring from a clicky pen . Don't worry , the pen still works . 
Who are the twain\ 
that on ten feet run ? \ 
three eyes they have , \ 
but only one tail . 
Just found out my favorite children's book author died a few days ago . RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
