Myspace is better 

Facebook sucks man . 
So my cell phone is at the bottom of an artificial lake . That's a lot of lost < PROPFIRST > ... 
alright so I got a new phone now , send me your number if youd like to be contacted 
I'm still accumulating my contacts . message me if you want my awesomeness to come inside your cellular space 6618039606 
I am not taking a shit in the livingroom 
dude court sucks . The system sucks ! I'm going off to join the rainbow family who wants to come with me !? 
mmm chips n guacamole beautiful people and good conversation . I'm so happy I could crap a rainbow . 
I live in a differn't dimension of time and experience every week . Living in my fantasy world is so intensely greater than normal reality ... 
Anyone know shit about getting cheap or free medical insurance in this bankrupt state of Ca ? 
My mind is full of time and space , can't find a good cookie anyplace . I think I may , I think I might , just walk off the moonlit edge tonight . My Lovercio cometh 
She presses herself into the warmth and firmness of the mountains . Lips rub at the warm walls of sweet flesh and liquid tongue pushes firmly toward the flavor of sweet salsa and heat . The mountains repose under divine pressure . She holds him with her delicate face and the intensity of his being is soothed ... 
I HATE it when I don't get my way because of other stupid fucking people . I'm gunna beat somebody's fucking face in right now . Any volunteers ? 
Uhhh Im horny 
Too Legit . Too Legit to quit . 
Tonka Trucks and fifty bucks . This man is a boy in a land where no man can understand ... me . Or my anything . So I get on my knees and take it . Faking it like a pair of double D's on an anorexic , dripping with make up , empty ass a hole , cares for nothing ... Hollywood Bitch . I stand out but I don't . I am a beautiful body you see worth fufty bucks ... for a night . I don't want to fight for love anymore . It doesn't exist . 
Our lovely ladies whacked the caretaker 
I'm gunna Fuck your face with a sledgehammer Biiiiiaaaatch 
Love love love love love looooooooove !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \Butterflies\ " dances into my ears and makes me so happy hehehehe " 
I''m too sexxxxay for candaaaay 
I can't get no Satisfaction 
I believe I can fly , do you ? 
I don't know what planet your on , but I wannabe on it with you !!! 
Dancin in the livingroom to < PROPFIRST > Brown's Payback in my motha fuckin sexy underwear . Product of insatiable happiness and hyperactivity WeeeeeeeeYA !! Hooooo ! Shake it babuh !! Hit meh !! HooooooehhoooOoooOoooO !!! 
... Boys suck ... a lot ... 
I hate winter weather , come back summer nights I miss you !!! 
omg I love having the day off and listening to the Spaniels in the morning 
My favorite part of this holiday is watching someone fist\ 
rape the plucked , pale , busted asshole of an unfortunate bird with \ 
stuffing ... then he rubbing of oil all over it with bare hands , that is so \ 
hot . I wish someone would do that to me hahahahaha 
Anyone wanna support my goal and buy me a stripper pole ? 
i got a new phoooone yaaaaaay holy fuckin shiiiiit 
So Ive never actually watched hentai porn .. until last night . It's surprisingly arousng ahaha who else likes it ? hehe 
I am < PROPFIRST > . Cause shes a forever young and hot rebellious and firey redhead . Plus she gave up everything she knew to seek the forbidden unknown and risk her life to love a guy ... I've done that haha 
Climbing mountains makes my souls happy 
So what would you think if I dissapeared for a year or so to live in the woods ? 
I want something but I won't tell you what it is 
I hate it when I get hyper as fuck and have fantastically fun ideas , but nobody wants to join me :/ 
... woah . so jaq and I are looking for new places to live ASAP . This could be stressful but it must be done ... 
For my wife JAQ : I LOVE YOU AND I MISS YOU EVEN THOUGH YOUR ONLY AT WORK AND I CANT WAIT TIL YOU COME HOME MWAH MWAH MWAH MWAH !!!! ARRRRRRG !!!! HEHEHEHEHE !!!! XOXOXOXO 
Moved into the new place successfully 100pts for me 5000pts for < PROPMALE > . Mission accomplished YAAAAAAAYYYY 
Xmas with new friends kicks ass !! 
i need a hero =P 
Duuuuude this weather sux balllllllllls I HATE it ... fuck cold rain !!!!!!!!! 
Picture this : a man child . Shirtless . Sweaty pancake titties . * HURL ... stay with me , he's the perfect subject for ridicule . The one you cannot forget . Hargett . 
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger . What do you think about that ? 
My leg fucking hurts 
whens the last time you spent the day watching porn and pleasuring yourself ? 
Human life is hard . I wish I was just a cat . 
I just saw < PROPFIRST > Crocker's < PROPMALE > . I feel strange ... 
The world be mad crazy . I think thats all i know for sure .... ya 
so I feel like maybe I should drastically change my hair ... any suggestions/opinions ? anyone care hahahaha 
Shit . I need a new room mate or I gotta move . Ballox .... 
Vicodin how I love thee . My white night in shining armor . Thank you my strong white savior , I am yours to come into hard . Make me float away , mmm ... 
Christyle 
Life is Pain . But im sure ill survive . 
I love venice ... and hippies and beingness lol\ 
Sometimes good days just happen 
I hate hate hate men that drive like fuckin pussies ! God damn gas pumping , late breaking , blinker overusing , to scared to make a U turn fuckin pussy ! Ahhhaarrg ! 
Some people just fill your cup ;-) 
So my birthday was an amazing surprise , and I got the best gifts ever and I'm toally rejuvenated and filled with love and happiness ! Ooh la la hehe 
Nothin like a mohawk to make you feel hardcore I DIG IT . 
So dinner tonight was fun , check out my dirty panda ... 
holy shiiiit , i mean penis . I mean fuck the destination , its unknown . Enjoy the riiiide . 
ordinary couples are irritating . because thier bullshit . just saying . 
Who thinks I should get a tattoo on my head ? Any suggestions ? lol 
