i hate the library 

im sooooo bored . . . 
change of plans not going to my grandmas ... thank god she was driving me crazy 
i wanna go skating 
i thought i told you imma < PROPFEMALE > you see the lights everywhere we are ( random song stuck in my head ) 
the ants go marchin two by two 
... 
o what a day lol 
damn it to hell lol 
my eyes hurt 
todays going to b a long day too class , lab , tha away football game 
o what a weekend lol 
happy birthday lil bro . i miss my lil bro and sisters =( 
so i made like 5 cds lol 
two more cds and i can sleep lol 
the most random songs get stuck in my head all the time 
i dont need a tractor to pull hoes lmao 
nap time 
this is so stupid omg 
i got 99 problems but being a bitch aint one . . . 
waiting for tonight oh oh oh lol 
pizza is sooo good after midnight 
im sooo confused i went bed at 11 and i woke up my eyes were red , the blanket was wrapped around my neck and i was still soooo sleepy hmmmmmm 
i think its something wrong with my eyes today i cant open them all the way they keep sittin low lol 
i've been on this earth for 10728000 minutes where does the time go 
is watchin the house party movies 1 , 2 , and 3 , but not 4 tho 
what to do in angola for 4 days hmmm . . . not a gatdamn thang 
ok i cant buy anymore movies until november and thats finally lol 
yayyyyy i finally got my wallet from iowa and it came with random stuff that wasnt in it when i lost it like baby pics , family pics , and a drawing lol yayyyyyy 
swag wasnt introduced until i was born ... 
is about to cuddle up with my covers and go to bed . im so tired and full from the amish dinner . 
i live by four words fuck you pay me 
is cracking up watching HBO : < PROPFIRST > Rock : Kill the Messenger . < PROPFIRST > Rock is a fool 
this week im stuck in the 90's when it comes to music like dr. dre , humpty , < PROPFEMALE > , 2pac , and the list goes on . . . 
fuck my life im stressed out to the point my hair is turning gray im crying and im homesick . i cant go home because i have no idea where father moved to and his phone off so i cant call him FUCK MY MOTHERFUCKING LIFE 
o its time to party 
my legs hurt 
i really hope i dont have to work my oncall today sunday shoppers are so rude 
song of the day Freeze by T-Pain and < PROPFIRST > Brown . Now freeze like me ooh ahh lol 
fail 
< PROPFEMALE > Hartmann and I have the strangest conversations ever lol 
i really need to stop being a bad student but its a habit thats sooo hard to brake 
If u dont like the way something in ur life is going get up and change it . Don't just sit there and let it get worse . The only thing that bets a failure is a try . If u fail after the first try , try again . Don't be lazy it's ur life and it's up to u to make it go the way u want it to . 
just finished my plany biology stuff and now i can sleep . i really hopeits all done right because i was out at 12 looking for leaves and shit im so tired . . . 
this weekend is going to be sooooo much fun . DO THE NINJA TURTLE all Saturday nite lol 
i love that because its halloween i can look like a hit mess and its ok today so im going to take advantage of that rite now 
i thank god the i am blessed to have common sense 
yayyyyyyyyy my dad is ok im not homesick anymore yayyyyyyy 
i just imma super ego now lol 
yes im sooooo happy my account is ok . stupid amazon errors 
In The World Of Computers , Never Trust A Man With A Floppy Disc 
hmmmm what to do what to do im sooooo bored 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is my dude . He could avenge me any day . < PROPMALE > Butler is the shit . Best movie of the year hands down OMG . 
Remix ! Well I get paid every 2 weeks , money and the power , Come to the APT and get a hawaiian punch shower . I don't have to worry cause everything ours and I got a big bauecet of plastic flowers . That Bush , I promise to my boo boo we don't smoke that < PROPMALE > Bush and I'm with two niggas make you take a second look . We poppin like water bottles but we never shook and we gone be alright if we put Sami on every hook . 
im sooo angry rite now . WHOOOSAH WHOOSAH 
so sleepy gotta go to bed soon nitey nite 
boooooo i gotta work today . this will b the first home football i've missed since i've been here boooooo . 
tomorrow my body is really going to hurt from work then running around , then dance , and the rave party . my poor body ... 
i had to take them braids out 
y am i soooo tired . I went to bed at a reasonable time hmmm 
is listening to dont you hate wednesdays on power 92 . . . wow 
smeels the distinctive smell of bullshit flowwing from certain peoples mouths . That's a hard smell to cover up so why don't you shut your face . Thank You . 
i dont think i wanna go to work today i wanna play peper < PROPFIRST > instead i almost a < PROPFEMALE > thingy 
yayyyy for everyone who stopped and got a ribbon for AIDS day 
i hate this access lab ugh 
i am such a 90's kids . what happened to shows like johny quest , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , kenan and kel , hey < PROPMALE > , meppet babies , rocket power , wild and crazy kids , and legend of the hidden < PROPFEMALE > hmm what happened 
gotta back to work today o joy 
i finally got gold yay that just made this day so much better 
i think the more people talk the louder my earphone are . its like they turn up on their own or i subconsciously begin to tune people out 
i need to become more ambitious 
just finished my schedule for next semster include work i will not have a life next semster :( 
yayyyyyyyy im done with carvers class never again will i have to sit in his boring class again yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
im done 
can't wait til tomorrow . im going to my dads house away from all this crazyness 
I need some feedback people what is the best song of 2010 the song u think is best 
Omg i just hear the song Imma b playin all the time as soon as i find out the name of it 
Happppppppppy It's Going to be A Great New Yearrrr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn my phone wont work for a whole hour #freakinout 
Now that's what i call good catfish #heaven 
I love u green Tri-State hoodie only second to my grey Tri-State hoodie 
i cant wait until wednesday 
back in chicago for like 4 more days the back to the countryside lol 
school ... i actually missed it lol 
this should be a good night lol i see so much blue and white ... 
soooooo hungry 
fame is boring 
class , maybe lunch , class , lab , dinner , mso meeting , then running . o what a day 
i really so defeated rite now stupid chem II 
Yayyyyy , It's Friday so the song of the nite All The Way Turnt Up by < PROPMALE > Dash ft SOulja Boy ???????????????????? 
mmmmmmuuhaaaaaaaa that's what u get ree-ree 
ok im bored now good nite facebook 
today feeles like a kanye west kinda day so that's what imma listen to for the rest of the day 
soooo cold brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
i have to do my chemII homework and lab , i have to study for chemII and human sexuality , and i need to finish my surveys up 
Let's go to sleep in < PROPFIRST > , wake up in Tokyo . Have a dream in New Orleans , fall in love in Chicago . 
smells the distinctive smell of bullshit flowwing from certain peoples mouths . That's a hard smell to cover up so why don't you shut your face . Thank You . 
WORK FROM 1-6 GRRR 
ok i gotta clean my room , do laundry , do my lab report , study for chemII , study for human sexuality , do my hair , and im sooo sore from this weekend of dancing , running , and tobagganing . 
can i just sleep my life away please i promise i wont snore ... 
Rule 2 for listenin to hip-hop/rap music don't start with their latest song thinkin you understand what the artist is goin through . Start with their first album and/or mixtape then work your way to the new stuff . this is why most ppl don't understand the music they don't know the back story 
o how do i miss the tri-state days 
i think i gotta spending problem i used three different cards in two days and cash opps lol 
Happy Valentines Day Facebooker 
im over chemII 
what to do what to do 
why does my lil bro and sis have facebook what is this world coming to lol 
mso pics are tag your friends 
is chatting with my lil sis and sami and trying to finish my lab report 
just did the fasfa 
listening to Power 92 online miss chicago :( 
i wont have a phone for a few hours 
work 3-8 then chill maybe go to the party 
gotta redecorate then clean then nap then nothin 
just finish catchin up with my dad . i learned a lot lol 
so i never got around to cleaning or a nap but the apt looks good now lol 
im lovin my haters make me famous shirt 
y does it seem like every artist on the radio get three different songs out a one time : usher , ludacris , fat < PROPFIRST > , gucci , and the list goes on ? 
my stress level is finally droppin 
omg these online commericals are soooooooo depressing 
not looking foward to waking up at 5am tomorrow 
o so lazy today the only thing ive done today is < PROPFEMALE > hair and cleaned up the room 
yay i can stop playin bejeweled for awhile i gold my first four columns to go gold yayyyy 
watchin Stepfather with z and dyrisha 
Just made like 9cds what a great day lol 
i really need to stop watching these nature shows lol the reptile show put me to sleep and the monkey show i creepin me out 
never got to take my nap im sooooooo tired grr 
song of the moment Single Ladies by Beyonce 
Gotta giant slush puppie and we on the way to Detroit 
On the way back to Angola 
Soooooooo tired . I did not sleep well at all 
Work then sleep 
Dangit I broke out in itchy hives again 
Im mad at < PROPFEMALE > Burrell Jr and imma whoop her motherfuckin < PROPFEMALE > 
Im mad at < PROPFEMALE > Burrell Jr and imma whoop her motherfuckin ass < PROPFEMALE > 
Song of The Day One Time By < PROPFIRST > Beiber 
Hopefully I can complete a full day of work without breakin out in the itchy rash 
So im at urgent care right now cause the itchy rash thing has gotta too bad I made it thirty minutes this time 
Taco flavored kisses taco taco ... 
Song of the Day Rainy Days By < PROPFIRST > J . Blige ft < PROPFEMALE > Rule 
Song of the Day Happy People By R < PROPFIRST > ... This song got me steppin in Best Hall 
that was a waste of my time . what good is it to have a survey full of optional shit im mean really 
Playing Mortal Kombat 
Yayyyyyyyyyyy my asians won 
Song of the Day Pretty Boy Swag By Soulja Boy ... AYYEEE 
ok i just drop 200 bucks on my book < PROPMALE > ugh 
I got a lot done once I left the lab 
I hate this I can't do anything to help my sister here . She stuck in iowa with tha dumb ass broad known as my mother . 
ugh i gotta work today so no international night for me awhhhh 
Y is Coming to < PROPFEMALE > on ABCFamily 
Just finished playin Mortal Kombat and it really help cause I was in a super bad mood 
im over it im sooooo over it 
one lab done one to go and i only have like 15 < PROPFEMALE > o joy 
So I wait a whole 3 years to burn myself with chemical in chem lab today . My finger all green now and irritated 
Just made my last payment on my books a whole 300 bucks and now im freeeeeeeee I can spent my money on me and not trine whohoooooooooo 
these ppl trippin the lab 
Song of the Day Good Morning By Kanye West ... Haters sayin you change now u doin ur thang good morning 
I changed my mind since wednesday is hump day the Song if the Day is The Humpty Dance by Digital Underground ... Do the humpty dance 
U gotta love whopper wednesdays 
Just finished kickin some ass in Mortal Kombat with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Keenisha 
Song of the Day < PROPFEMALE > vs . Mars BY Jay-Z 
One more month until im a big girl ... 
I passed yayyyyyyy 
At relay for life getting my walk on to < PROPFEMALE > its hot in herrrre 
I won a tiger at relay for life cause im the master hula hooper 
Back at the relay 
I hate juicy eggs 
I happy I have tons of ppl who care about me . I just don't understand how ppl can go through life without making true friends or caring about their family . 
U gtta love free gift cards and random walmart , subway , mcdonalds trips 
I'm hungry that fruit cup has evaporated 
Done with the lecture portion of chemII now to lunch I go 
Song of the Day ... Can You Stand the Rain By New Edition 
So I splashed the palm of my hand with acid today good the thing got it off fast or I'd be all jacked up 
dont wanna go to work i wanna sleep 
Im sooo confused . My phone was on vibrant but when my grandma called it played the song . 
Song of the Day Bia Bia by Lil < PROPFIRST > and Luudacris 
Yay no more work til saturday well maybe friday 
Song of the Day Go Getta By Young Jezzy and R < PROPFIRST > 
Everyone in MSO got to forman hall and represent MSO from 11-2 today 
The end of the month sucks for many reason 
Watchin Batman & < PROPFIRST > 
Dark knight time 
Song of the Day Rockin That Thang By The Dream 
Wow teenage girls are just stupid 
Song of the Day This How We Do It By Montell < PROPFIRST > 
Its PARTY TIME WHOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Im runnin on only 4 hours of sleep , im hungry , and my whole body is sore but last nite was sooo fun til the segment startes trippin 
Shh shh shh omg do u hear that I think my bed is callin my name < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > there it goes again I better go answer it nite nite everybody 
Bowlin was fun 
This week all songs of the day must have the dance in it . Today's Song of the Day is Dance Dance by Fallout Boy . 
Song of the Day She Just Wanna Dance By Asther Roth ( however u spell his name lol ) 
Song of the Day Dancing Machine By The Jacksons ... Dancing dancing dancing she's a dancing machine 
Just don't understand how these things happen 
Im done with class for the semester and its a good thing too im sooooooooo stressed out ... 
Talk about ... TV to talk about 
Is hoping z had a great time at skips cause shes ass out in our bathroom snorin 
Playin Taboo 
Watchin House Party 2 ... Pajama Jammy Jam lol 
Yay sami's here party time 
The weirdest things happen when im with sami lol 
The most random nite 
Over all that was a fun nite got to see old friends and got to party one last time when current friends 
Two weeks til I'm a big girl 
I can't breathe I hate being sick 
Bout to walk to dollar general then study 
sleep who needs some i do mmmhmmm 
How does one lose a whole banana ? A big ass banana at that ... 
Today was a busy day got up at 4 studied had two finals laid in the grass for 30 mins played the wii went to the msox meeting watched tv ate dinner and now work 
I can't wait to get out of this lil ass town lol 
On the way to fort < PROPMALE > to see sami 
I really need to stop waking up at 430 to study im just sayin 
Song of the Day Over by Drake .... This semester is over 
Playin at the park 
I'm outta this bitch lol bye < PROPFEMALE > ( tear ) 
This room finally look like I live in it lol 
OMG mighty morphing power rangers are on tv yay and its the episodes where < PROPFIRST > is the evil green ranger lol 
Happppppppy Mother's Dayyyyyyyyyyyy to all the moms out here whether ur a real mom , a second mom , or a dad that has to be mom 
1 week til my bday o joy ... 
I kno I've been in college too long when Dedras food taste good 
What would I do without my flatirons lol 
These dairy < PROPFEMALE > commercials too silly 
Just finished bakin the first of many cakes for this summer 
I have a super attitude rite now ... I really don't like her and I can't begin to understand y she keeps talkin to me ... 
O man I got sucked into the syfy channel again lol 
Awh now every time I hear rude boy I think of my trine girls lol Song of the Day Rude Boy By Rihanna ( however u spell her name ) 
Yay Boston lol 
2 days yeah yeah 
Im not ok im not ok im not ok 
Jump shake yo booty jump jump shake yo booty 
Had a great time at the movies with my big sister 
I sure wish the ppl at my mother's house would answer the phone ... 
So my glasses are officially died 
Yay im 21 on the east coast lol thanks everybody 
What a great way to spend my bday spendin 200 bucks on glasses 
Watchin sports with my dad 
Thanks for all my bday wishes they really nice 
The most random dreams ... 
Song of the Moment Pretty Boy Swag By Soulja Boy 
I really wish my hair would dry so I can have it done by tonight so I don't have to worry about it tomorrow 
Let's see I need to go to the post office , go to the drug store to get my dads medicine , and go to library to find a job the has nothing o do with food lol 
Song of the Day Whatcha Say By < PROPFIRST > Derulo 
This game looks more like easter than the playoffs 
Im so disappointed in my dad and his girlfriend . They have not made me tacos in like a year ... LOL 
I wonder is there a shortage of butterflys because it seems like ppl are being tricked into growing butterflys and releasing them for fun ... 
What ever happened to super market sweep 
If I never hear another train it'll be to soon ... 
I've been sucked in to another marathon on tv this time its House 
Im so angry right now . Y don't they understand that I've been gone for months if u didn't tell in the last two weeks I don't kno 
I decide if a movie is goin to interest me by the previews if the previews are sucky the movie mite be sucky 
I feel like ugh ... 
Im so itchy man I hate this stupid cotton shit in the air here 
Lil kids are crazy just crazy 
Lol I scared casper and it was super funny 
Such a nice day out 
Long long day that still isn't over 
Started out watchin avatar but ended up watchin pandorum 
dont wait a month to check your facebook cause all this stuff just piles up ugh 
I can finally go out but now I don't have any friends in this time zone 
Goin back to < PROPFIRST > today 
Ok now im goin to < PROPFIRST > lol 
I need a new look asap 
Watchin Sweet Home Alabama 
Today is a Kanye West kinda day . Got all four albums on repeat 
Eatin pop rocks from my bday < PROPFEMALE > lol 
I don't think I like 3PO 
Gotta love coloring in a Fun With Friends Sesame Street coloring and activity book lol 
Watchin The Cloneheads . P.S. I love this movie 
Opps my bad lol Watchin The Coneheads . P.S. I love this movie 
I like the original Naruto better than Nauto Shippuden 
Song of the Day So Ambitious By Jay-Z ft . Pharrell ... I'm goin to make some happen 
Im so defeated rite now im playin Mortal Kombat and Sub Zero just snatched out my entire skeleton ( tear ) lol 
The most important thing u need to kno about me is im not going to do anything just because u want me to that not me ok 
Hell yeah my dad made me tacos . Im in heaven ahhhhh lol 
Im boston all the way if they win or lose gotta stay tru to the green lol 
Its the lil things in life that make me laugh like green shoes lol 
Ok random is one thing but this bitch is bipolar . She is crazy 
I so angry rite now just because I don't decide to fight some old white mans war or get knocked up and get on welfare I get left out 
Man if I was alcoholic I would so drink my troubles away today lol 
< PROPFIRST>'s Word of the Day Scrumdiddlyumptious . Use in a sentence if u dare lol 
Wow today's radio topic for the hour is when is it ok to smash the homie wow 
Song of the Day < PROPMALE > Up by < PROPFEMALE > . Time goes by so slowly for those who wait don't hesitate 
Watchin To Die For . This woman is crazy preying on the weak teenagers of her town 
Watchin The Boondocks 
On today's bakery menu , I've prepared a wonderful yellow cake with milk chocolate frosting . 
Song of the Day Lost by Gorilla < PROPFEMALE > ft . Lil < PROPMALE > 
Once again green shoes lol 
Catching up on secret life cause I'm sooo lost and the season starts tonight 
Ouch my last wisdom tooth is coming in 
Im tryin to figure out y I talk and sing in my sleep 
That stupid shark in the water song is stuck in my head thanks a lot degrassi 
Song of the Day Hey You There by Soulja Boy ... Hey you there I see you over there . This used to be the song my second year of college 
Green shoes lol 
Im kinda pissed rite now the lady at the library wanted to card me cause I do look 21 what that got to do with checkin out a book on biology and a novel 
Song of the Day Teach Me How To Duggie by Cali Swagg District ... Aye get it boney lol 
I wanna watch Bay-Bay's Kids 
Song of the Day Say You Will by Kanye West 
Smoking is one of the worst thing you could do in my eyes 
U can do what u what to do in living color lol 
My faces really get me in trouble ... 
If somebody really wanted to make a lot of money , all they would have to do open a bunch of movie theaters in small cities that don't have any 
The Fairly OddParents is so funny . Cosmo is so stupid lol . 
Today's word of the day is Smithereens ... Dare to use it in a sentence 
Watchin the boondocks and thinking about what I should probably do tomorrow 
Why does it rain on me everytime I go to the library grrr ? 
finally logged on mytrinefa bout damn time lol so i guess its real facebbook time lol 
Song of the Day Let the Rain Fall Down by < PROPFEMALE > Duff . Yay Krilin found the name of this song for me yay 
Stupid rain grrr 
Green shoes 
Trapped in da house so imma play mortal kombat til my thumbs fall off 
Song of the Day The Humpty Dance by Humpty ... Ok stop whatcha doin cause imma bout ruin the image and the style you used to 
Today proved that I'm a city girl lol I hate country ass bugs ugh 
Gave up on reading so im watchin < PROPFIRST > Powers in Goldmember and American Gladiators 
Song of the Day Impossible by Kanye West ft . Twista , Keysha < PROPMALE > , and R . < PROPFIRST > .... I've been waiting my life and I stayed on my grind and I made up my mind 
Shit I feel like im in a hurricane rite now 
I truly don't like you with a passion I really wish u would understand that stay the fuck away from me 
Song of the Day Hoodie by Omarion ft < PROPFIRST > Rock ( well I think that's the name of the song ) 
I love The Incredibles 
Grrr my pockets are hurtin lol todays father's day and tomorrow is my dads bday . Happy father's day 
Song of the Day Rainy Days by < PROPFIRST > J . Blige ft < PROPFEMALE > Rule 
The song im lovin rite now is Deuces by < PROPFIRST > Brown ft Tyga and some dude that I don't kno lol 
I really don't like when ppl wake me up ... So tired 
I don't think I like being a zombie ... 
We've gotten a lot of rain for june 
Ok this storm has officially scared me ... 
I was having a funny conversation with my youngest sister until my momma start fussin so we she had to < PROPFEMALE > up grrr 
Song of the Day This Is The Way We Ball by Lil Flip . I remember being in middle school when this came out and my band class wanted to play it so bad lol 
ndom Status of The Moment NyQuil : The stuffy , sneezy , why-the-hell-is-the-room-spinning medicine . 
I've been hearing Pretty Boy Swag since late march and I still like good job Soulja Boy lol Aye ! 
The new cellphone The Kin gives creepers the option of facebook stalking on the go lol 
Good nite world 
And the storm is back 
Yay my brother and sisters are in the city we get to spend time together Yay 
Headin to the water park for a mini family reunion 
Other than my grandma naggin today was a great day 
And it rains again ugh I thought it was summer time but I guess mother natural is too busy being in tampon commercials to realize that spring is over 
Song of the Day Elevatas by < PROPFIRST > Thicke ft Kid Cudi 
Awh < PROPFIRST > brown awh 
Gotta take care of school stuff this week 
Song of the Day < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPMALE > 
Doin to the < PROPFEMALE > Duke Dance to Put Your Records On by The Chipettes lol 
Yes-ah lol 
There r just too many shows to watch on tuesdays : pretty little liars , hawthorne , the hills , the city , and then reruns of degrassi lol . 
( monkey noises ) Stupid Monkey lol 
Song of the Day Power by Kanye West 
So happy I don't have to got to the library anymore this week yay 
Can u describe yourself in four words ? I can I'm honest , caring , emotional , and oh did I forget random lol 
I just made my first batch of sweet potato fries not bad not bad at all 
This summer has made me realize that im the girl version of my father ... 
Today's show was brought to you by the letters O , M , and G 
I officially miss my friends as now lol 
I'm going to miss my family's cooking when I go back lol . There's nothin like food cooked the way you've always had it . 
Just finished watchin < PROPFEMALE > and Wonderland and I love it 
Song of the Day Bad Romance by Lady Gaga 
Watchin Trapped in Closet . R < PROPFIRST > is a fool . 
You gotta love Courage the Cowardly Dog 
My hair is turning so red well except my grey ones 
I found a very interesting book very interesting indeed . You Majored in What ? Mapping Your Path from Chaos to Career by < PROPFEMALE > Brooks , E D.D. 
im never going to get out of debt damn student loans 
Song of the Day Lose Yourself by Eminem 
No matter what I do I always have the oddest dreams . 
Been up since I don't think today's goin to end well 
Song of the Day Paranoid by Kanye West 
I love that in spike < PROPFIRST > movie they never just walk down the street lol 
I really I need to flat iron my hair but it will make me all hot grrr hair grrr 
Pixy stixes are my best friends mmhmm lol 
Song of the Day Hot n Fun by N.E.R.D. 
Have u ever noticed that every time somebody gets fired or quit they all have give them the save exact box to clean their desk out with ? 
I love Scary Movie 1 and 2 . So funny so so funny 
Tales From The Hood is one of the best horror movies I've seen . It has elements of reality and friction . 
Tomorrow I have to send the longest email ever o joy 
done and done im so over it ugh 
Song of the Day Miss Me by Drake ft . Lil < PROPMALE > . Think Drake and Lil < PROPMALE > gotta bromance goin on lol 
What if today was the day ? The day pinky and the brain actually took over the world ... 
Song of the Day < PROPMALE > That by Young Money ... Laughin to the bank im a goofball HaHa its YM and at your neck like a violin its our world we make it spin ... 
Word to the wise don't duggie while flat ironing your hair it won't end well 
Laughter is the best ever 
Spend the day with the fam in chicago 
Grrr 
I really wish I wasn't a nervous person 
The best part about being a telecouncilor is I kno when somebody is trying to sell me stuff over the phone and I know how to check for underlining fees 
It feels so good to just sit outside and relax ahhhh lol 
I don't feel good my head has been pounding for hours now , my allergies have been trippin , and my side hurts like hell 
Watchin Rocko's Modern Life 
That was some good cake man 
i dont think i like farmville anymore 
Cookin fries and dancin in the kitchen 
And the happy fun mood is gone its getting close to that time to go to back to < PROPFIRST > 
Today's Quote \the most beautiful thing we can experience is the miraculous . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
im lost something just happened outside its angry people and cops everywhere and the only person to get arrested was a lil old lady what the hell did she do 
Song of the Day Boots and Boys by Ke$ha 
That scared my soul lol 
Just made some fries now its time to relax 
Watchin The Wiz . Ease on down ease on down the road lol 
Hmm should I dye my hair or deal with the four colors it is now : dark brown , red , light brown and grey hmm 
Its raining hard as hell 
Eureka has to be my favorite syfy tv show followed by Haven mmhmm 
I forgot pancakes were my summertime breakfast thing lol 
U gotta love the good ol ' trustee dustee flat irons . They work miracles every time 
Cookin with my dad . 
Today's CD that's on repeat is Lost and Misunderstood . This cd features artists like beyonce , lil < PROPMALE > , lady gaga , < PROPMALE > songz , bow wow , and many others 
I really hope my grandma is goin to be ok 
I don't think I'll be taking anymore naps after 5pm . I don't feel rite 
Song of the Day Love Like Woe by Ready Set 
Fighting and war is so old . If you got aproblem with somebody yall need to have a dance off lol . 
Im almost done with my angel book 
Yay my grandma is ok 
Song of the Day Basketball by Bow Wow 
Today has been a busy day first walk to the laundry mat then to the pharmacy then to family dollar and then to the grocery store then home 
Grrrr the library sucks I've been on hold for a month and a half and the damn book still at here . 
Song of the Day Cooler Than Me by < PROPFIRST > Posner . 
Best chip combination flamin hots and cheddar cheese ruffles hands down ! 
Im so over 3D movies just stop already 
Its may looks sad and gloomy outside but the breeze is amazing 
Its time to start putting up stuff that I haven't use all summer and clothes I don't plan on wearing 
Watchin the science of sex appeal and its very interesting . A lot of the stuff they're sayin we learned in research methods lab . 
Song of the Day Drive Slow by Kanye West ft < PROPFIRST > Wall and somebody else that I can't remember rite now lol 
I love Phineas and Ferb 
This cake is amazing 
Ok I get it im running out of time 
This the wrong time to go to mcdonalds 
Rollin with the homies ake < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , taylah , eriyanna and mom 
Running away to london is sounding real good for the near future 
Y do old ppl think kids sposed to remember everyone they come in contact with . How they sposed remember kids they met years ago for 20mins 
Chillin with my brother and nephew watchin the last airbender 
chillin with Eriyanna Smith and < PROPFEMALE > Rhoden 
Watchin movies . Rite now its zombieland 
Ok I think I watch too much criminal minds because I felt like a profiler watchin lakeview terrace 
Italian ice r da bomb yes da bomb 
Watchin < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby . Old movies kinda drag on a bit 
Grrrface 
Chillin at the zoo 
Y do ppl go to the zoo after ur wedding y ? I saw 6 wedding parties today at the zoo 
Watchin the Crazies . I like this movie 
Ugh ur breathe smell like ranch cereal that's nasty 
Our family wedding was a funny movie 
i dont think i liked Just Wright 
Song of the Day Rockstar by Rihannna 
Song of the Day Single by Lil < PROPMALE > 
I hate waitin on ppl 
Song of the Day Ignorance by Paramore 
Watchin Phineas and Ferb with Taylah 
Song of the Day Swag Surf 
Watchin The Perfect Getaway 
Greens and cornbread are amazing 
not cool man not cool 
Movie time lol Inglorious Basturds ( i think I spelled it rite lol ) 
Song of the Day I Like by Jeremih ft . Ludacris 
Ppl kill me first u say u don't trust ppl with yo kid if they aren't parents already then u ask me to take yo kid somewhere naw naw playa 
Damn it's raining hard as hell 
I love invader zim 
grrrface im so mad rite now 
4 days til my life is drama free 
Ugh im still so full from like 4 hours ago 
Chillin with Eriyanna . I love my cousin 
Song of the Day Million Day Baby by < PROPFIRST > Thicke 
Get it together cause u got life messed up #utrippin 
got hacked so not cool 
Yay I get to see my sister < PROPFEMALE > before I go back to angola 
Mission accomplished I got to see 4 of my sister and my only brother 
Song of the Day Family Business by Kanyee West . I saw a lot of family members today its was great #allthethings 
Packing is not fun especially when u only got one day to do it ugh 
Finally finished packin , doin laundry , and shoppin for stuff angola does offer ... 
Last fish fry til december ( tear ) 
I'm over it . Can't wait to deal the simple dramas of school . #backtoschool 
I needed that nap but now im all confused 
Song of the Day Lost by Gorilla < PROPFEMALE > ft . Lil < PROPMALE > . Im always lost 
Hangin with the international sudent 
Just finished playin name that song so its time to sleep now good nite yo 
Getting ready for work 
Life is better with a soundtrack 
Bout to get the Madness Walmart Madness #hellyeah 
I wanna dance 
I don't wanna be young forever I just wanna go visit the good days every so often #youfeelme 
I get to see the evolution of dance live 
Hungry ! 
Hell yeah funny as hell so worth it he did the stanky leg 
Let's see if vampires suck funny , if not imma b mad 
Very random very very random 
Yay im off work lol 
Song of the Day The Humpty Dance By The Digital Underground ... Its your < PROPMALE > do yo dance do the humpty 
Wow this the first time I've every had a class where the girls really out numbered the boys at Trine University 
Kinda angry rite now only one of our dryers work and somebody won't go get they're shit 
Just took the mechanical bull by the horns 
Short Bus Shorty LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Song of the Day Show Out by < PROPMALE > Dash ... ( in my < PROPMALE > voice ) SHOW OUTTTT SHOW A SHOW A SHOW OUTTT LOL 
There needs to be an amazing party cause im tired of dancin in my room lol 
BACON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmm what should i do tonight 
Party Time 
At < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Hell naw yo stiff ass can't dance on me 
Good Nite i hope next weekend is fun tooo 
Homework done 
fam y is it so dang hot fam i mean i passed out fam 
( in my gucci mane voice ) Ugh ! 
Song of the Day Bottoms Up by < PROPMALE > Songz ft < PROPFEMALE > Minaj 
sometimes it sucks being activities coordinator for MSO like now i gotta add all these people who prolly like who the hell is this girl tryin to add me lol 
finally done adding ppl for mso 
not lookin forward to go to french class today mainly cause its from 6:30 til like 9 ugh 
Man im starting to miss spanish . Is it bad that im using spanish words to remember french word 
I love the < PROPFIRST > pilgrim movie now I wanna live in a comic book lol 
too full get function about to shut down in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... nap 
Song of the Day Lose My Mind by Young Jezzy ft Plies .... Awh I miss my baby cousin taylah when this song come on she start dancin its so cute 
< PROPFIRST > thicke song Rollacoasta is stuck in my head ..... its magic its strob lights its rollacoastaaaaaaaa 
watchin the end of ATL 
this week needs to end asap 
Song of the Day We Ready ...... ( i have no idea who made the song ) 
i love the fact that damn near everyone at trine status is about the football game .... go thunder lol 
Aye u come b my bacon 
whooooooooooooooooooooooo great game now thats how u spend a thursday night 
Nite nite world cause I don't party durin the week 
Im done whooooooo . Song of the Day This is How We Do It by Montell < PROPFIRST > 
so extremely bored 
Song of the Day No Hands by < PROPMALE > Dash ft . Waka Flocka & Wale 
what happened to < PROPFIRST > button tho 
Just spent almost 3 hours in walmart 
Watchin Crybaby in the lobby 
U snot face troll baby 
im so out of it #lost 
Song of the Day Lost By Gorilla < PROPFEMALE > ft Lil < PROPMALE > ...... 
bored as hell .... what to do what to do 
Studing the effects of caffeine of joy 
life would b < PROPFEMALE > easy if i was a selfish brat 
soooo stressed out rite now ugh ! 
smashin this turkey sandwich with cheddar cheese ruffles flammin hots and bout to washin it down with some purple stuff #ishouldbefatbynow 
New headphones + stressed out = my own lil world so don't get mad if I don't hear u talkin to me 
How can such a < PROPFEMALE > lil allergy pill make me sooooooo extremely sleepy and lost 
about to get off the struggle bus and watch the rest of teen mom then off the sleepy house 
Song of the Day Day N Nite by Kid Cudi 
Naptime 
Damn I have the random dreams ever 
Song of the Day Back and Forth by AAliyah ft R < PROPFIRST > ..... it's friday and im ready to sang lol 
omg its a big ass fuckin spider playin hide and seek in my damn room ...... help ! 
o what to do what to do 
i dont kno what happened but i just had a double quarter pounder with cheese and fries and now its gone and im sleepy 
That was funny and scary all wrapped into one #madchad 
So im watchin the news from the morning of 9/11 and I wanna cry 
Ladies Nite 
Club paradise + sig ep = a funny nite lol 
So tired 
Gotta gop to best to environmental homework ugh the vma then beddy bye ( in my sweet old lady voice ) lol 
Usher Hands Down 
Song of the Day Holding You Down ( Circles ) by < PROPFEMALE > Sullivan 
I really gotta kick my french speakin into high gear or im not goin to make it through this 3 hours of class 
The best way to send a hour and a half after the family is to flat iron my hair lol 
So I give up on french 
damn it i need a new phone charger like yesterday 
i hate presentations ugh 
Cold ! 
i dont have a phone its gone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
y ( in my opera voice ) oh Y oh Y Oh y ! 
( SCREAM ) this was not a good day for me 
ulitimate brownie not the best choice for breakfast uh uh 
the phone has returned YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok i better go to sleep now gotta be up at five ugh 
Song of the Day Call Me Dougie by New Boyz ft < PROPFIRST > Brown ..... oh u cute .. ik ik ... my friends call me cocky but u can call my dougie ..... 
U kno its a fucked up storm comin when it start raining with the sun still out 
Bout to hit the DG then maybe a nap then kohls and dollar tree then dinner then circle b camp grounds for the run thru 
Deflected 
Ppl watchin in front of the uc 
Havin a youtube kinda afternoon 
Part of me feels so bad ... but not that bad 
I hate when pppl sign up for shit and do go . do sign the paper if u aint go show up plain and simple 
gotta wash my hair shower get my stuff ready for church and sleep til 7 then do my hair get dress go to church speak then breakfast then paintballin then study then die 
Diversity Sunday all trine students are welcome to come to the service its only an hour and 30 minutes long and there will be breakfast afterwards 
Please feel free to tag everybody in them pictures that i forgot or dont have on facebook 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > Truely Loving Upshaw is having a great bday love ya lil sis . o tell < PROPFIRST > Upshaw and < PROPFEMALE > i love them too o and mommy lol 
I took the mufuckin cookies out the cookie jar #Becauseimagangsta 
Song of the Day First Dance by < PROPFIRST > Beiber ft Usher 
On the hunt for a great white shark in a lake full of carp ..... fail 
Song of the Day Watch What You Say by TI ft Jay-Z 
Not in a good so if u on that bull u gon get DEFLECTED 
Calming down ....... now 
maybe a nap wasnt the best idea cause im so tired now 
What the fuck that was a waste of my 25 mins 
Bout to take a nap my phone is turned off so dont try to contact me til 1 . powering down in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 goodnite 
Free smoothies taste amazing 
Song of The Day Radio by Beyonce ... i think im in love with my radio cause it never lets me down 
Just decorated most of the hallway and haters will b deflected 
when will ppl learn me + sexy = not goin to happen often lol 
H . A . T . E . R . S = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success . 
Naw naw we trapped in this freaky ass fog #themist 
Song of the Day Monster by Kanye West ft Jay-Z and < PROPFEMALE > Minaj ... Everybodys im a mothereffin monster 
turned off my phone cause thats the only way i can charge it so facebook me for the next hour or so 
Started giving blood the bitch stuck me bad so I stopped #epicfail had me cryin every time they touched the needle 
hmmm should go or not hmmmm 
Song of the Day B.O.B. By Raheem DeVaughn 
Damn raper wind got me feelin ill . Now im on the quil 
Walkin 2 < PROPMALE > for cancer and a free shirt 
Snuggly warm bed #imissedyou 
At wacky < PROPFIRST > its not as bad as I thought 
Now im at < PROPFEMALE > sig 
Im the best roommate ever fyi 
angry so very angry but not at sami lol 
what a eff'd up weekend most random one of a lifetime 
can it be friday plz o plz o plz 
Thank god for printing errors ! I was so unprepared that test . 
Song of the Day Lucky by < PROPFEMALE > Spears 
Yeah I brought a sandwich to lunch #imhungry 
y r pringles so dang fragile 
hmm what happened to the pack ( vans ) 
Bout rep for the hot boxers in kickball #omy 
That was fun 
I shouldn't have even gotten out of my snuggly warm bed . Class is a waste of time . #grrface 
I lab this lab #grrrface 
It should national naptime . Everyone should find a snuggly warm bed and nap for at least 20 mins #lazy 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is motherfuckin trippin talkin bout she can see anaphase happening on on finger rite now talkin bout u gotta look close naw naw playa 
Currently suffering from the illness known as Slap Happy lol 
Funny as hell 
Gossip gossip nigga just stop it everybody knows im a motherfuckin moonster 
Attention All Freshmen Who attended the first convocation today we found a pack of cigarettes if u lost the plz come see the advocates before 8pm 
The < PROPFEMALE > loves my weird random friends 
Goin to class late and in my house shoe #mukluks 
Chillin in the hallway 
the burbs ! 
i really need to get it together 
Movie time #imhungry #random 
Grrr < PROPFEMALE > I told her I was would b rite back after class but she has disappeared anyway o well back to my movie 
Skype'n with the segment 
so so so bored whoa is we 
O no I can't fight it anymore the snuggly warm bed has caught me in its trap I ca feel the sleepyness rushing over me sleeping in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Happppppppy Bdayyyyyyyy to my nephew Damarea < PROPFIRST > love ya nephew have a great day with < PROPMALE > , Spiderman , and all your cousins 
On the way to this away go lets get it thunder 
We won we won we shot the bb gun u lost u lost u ate tomatoe sauce 16 to 24 trine wins 
im sleepy now 
omg do u hear that there it goes again ( < PROPFIRST > ) omg is that my snuggly warm bed callin me o snap it is here i come snuggly warm lol 
just washed my damn id's goodjob me good job 
bout make some jello 
finally finished my laundry now i gotta do my hair , make jello , sweep , mop , and make a new playlist 
I Bet NO ONE can answer all of these questions . Full name : ____ Age : ____Birthday : ____ Eye color : ____ Nickname : ____ Bestfriend : ____ Favorite color : ____ Favorite food : ____ Post this to your wall and see who knows you ! :) 
bout to play mortal kombat #whoopthatass 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is soooooo slow omg omgggggggggggggggggg 
where my money at 
Back to michigan we go 
Ppl trippin in detroit 
Ridin thru the burbs on the way back angola too full lol 
naptime wake if needed 
Bout to watch super < PROPFIRST > bros 
Y is nino brown on vh1 
Y do I come to this class omg im so uninterested in what's bein taught 
My grandma made this beat 
so angry i just a want a new phone i dont need all that fancy shit i dont need apps i dont need a data plan i just need a descent phone that has a bluetooth #grrrface 
Nap + 2 < PROPFEMALE > apples = no sleep for < PROPFIRST > lol 
i got a costume ooo yeah 
Im freezin today omg 
dang im getting sick 
sioooooo confused rite now my elbow hurt , my shirt jacked up , somebody blastin country music , and my hair is thru 
#in10years all the snot face troll babies will be scratchin crack heads #truestory 
Shit < PROPFIRST > hit me with the dougie aka a big handful of < PROPFEMALE > rite to the chest I almost died 
im sick 
shit imma have to be on da quil today or no homecoming for < PROPFIRST > #grrrface 
In the bed try to wake if needed 
please excuse my winter boots basketball shirts three shirts and a hoodie i gotta cold and yeah lol 
i really need to get better soon 
Homecoming/family weekend/visit day has begun first up for me is tour de trine reppin the Freedom RIders lol 
Brunch time then inflatables 
Almost game time 
It feels like its a blowout 
All trine do is win now its shower time then food time then chill time 
naptime then more subway then bejeweled then partytime 
Partytime at < PROPFEMALE>'s house #hellmotherfuckinyeah 
Sig ep time 
Sig ep flooded party back at < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Goin to bed I give up on this crazy nite 
i need a job a j o b like yesterday 
sooooooo angry rite first they take our trip to chicago now they movin on our open mic nite wft 
Peace =( P)ositive ( E)nergy ( A)lways ( C)orrects ( E)rror #calmdown ! 
Damn too funny twitter is goin in on this trendin topic #thingsindorasbackpack 
Heck no won't marry u gosh gosh ( do stupid lil dance ) lol 
Good movie long as hell 
Today is definitely a nap day 
Naptime before lab u wake me up and u die #thinkimplayin 
Song of the Day Damage by < PROPFIRST > Brown .... Look at the damage lol 
How Did We Meet ? ( COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHO REMEMBERS ) 
HMY I bs'd my prenupt in 30 all by myself and only missed 3 points cause I skipped a section #imdabomb and yes I said da bomb lol 
#myhomelesssignwouldsay Will Swag Surf For Food and Dougie for Juice 
Good times 
Lil BA squirrel 
Smashin this amish food #fattweet 
I wanna thank the millers for that amazing dinner and buggy rides . All I could say is HMY !!! 
amish food got me sleepy as ever rite now 
Nite nite sweet dreams or beautiful nightmares to all lol im so damn random lol 
Lets go blue #HMY 
I was rite it was blowout 
good nap 
O what a random nite velveeta , chandler , drunk pp , and the humpty dance 
Hair all jacked up , voice gone , and I didn't even drink tonigh #fail 
Watchin Dream Girls 
Ur gonna loveeeeeeee meeeeeee lol 
Time to watch Idlewild #thisismyshit 
After party after party I am the openin act the head liner after party after party im all you'll ever need 
Watchin Juice now #hoodclassic #HMY 
#ZodiacFacts A #Taurus female is the earth mother of the zodiac , but don't let her lucid sensuality fool you into thinking she is a easy prey 
which movies are playin tonight cause im so lost 
Loved both movies tonight : Let Me In and Case 39 
so upset rite now i can take 5 classes and 4 out of 5 classes are only offered at MWF 9am aint that some shit wtf are the upper level BIO majors going to do #grrface 
Ok finished studing the essay questions now I can sleep to wake up and study again to take a test to studya agin to take another test ugh 
That was stupid I don't like environmental biology . Now its lunch time then The Family aka race class that's all we do is talk about race #grrrface 
#HMY just won another hula hoop contest 
Yay today is the last day I have to stamp papers 
dont get mad if u dating a ho or a dog and they cheat on u . u knew what u were gettin into #yeaisaidit 
The anger and hyperness is gone . Well the anger is gone the hyperness mite come back lol 
I asked the nurse did u do the research she asked me can u sign some t-shirt 
I give angola pizza puffs a b+ if I had some mild sauce it would have been amazing 
Many Men by 50 cent ... Many men wish death upon me blood in my eyes dawg and I can't see im tryin to be what im destined to be and u tryin to take my life away 
tell them what they want to hear hear hear hear hear 
Omg too fuckin funny 
Funny nite hypnotic intoxication then < PROPFEMALE > and deno then < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
O snuggly warm bed what would I do without u ? 
Trine ruins yet another homecoming #HMY #gothunder #inyoface 
o what a borin saturday nite :( 
So sleepy can't even finish this mes 
Song of the Day Fiesta Remix by R < PROPFIRST > ft Jay-Z Boo and Gotti 
Omg them taco were amazing #HMY #fiesta 
I love when you smell like butter 
Song of the Day Diary by Wale ft < PROPFEMALE > Ambrosius . I love how today's music is either fist pump music or rappin with a female r&b artist on the chorus 
Fastest trip to the DG and outfit change ever 
Halloween at the Y is why my nose is back 
Halloween at the YMCA was super fun now its movie it 
Being me is too much fun to stop 
Tornados suck and tornado warnings suck even #wasteofmyday 
got the hangout with < PROPFEMALE > Zieles for a lil while . I miss the ol ' days lol 
O snuggly warm bed im back #nitenite 
Todays goin to b a great day 
Tooo < PROPFEMALE > my hair is goin crazy 
hmm im hungry and sleepy which one should i solve first hmmm 
Makin the biggest mess 
its almost fridayyyyyyy 
Today has the makings of a great day . Decked out in tri-state stuff had two blue pixi sticks and gummy < PROPFEMALE > #HMY 
Was having a great day til we had to watch this depressing ass movie in the family about batter women 
That nap got me lost and confused again 
Too funny I still don't like this movie tho 
U got the juice lol #gothunder #HMY #funnyashell 
The band has cool points with me for doin thriller 
Hot as hell but im having fun 
Good nite til I fell lol 
Velveeta time then nitey nite in my snuggly warm bed had a fun nite even tho I cut my ankl fell and was trippin 
My < PROPFEMALE > for ppl actin slow today is gone 
Get to trickin for the treats and u besta have all my < PROPFEMALE > twitches 
gotta love sunday movie nite with the girls 
Omg this old as desk is about to snap in half on me help ! #smh 
4 hours of sleep + being hungry + being dizzy = not being able to spell before and consistency #strugglebus 
According to weather channel its 28 degrees right now the coat is on #youcanttellmeshit 
Omg I hate smoker . They stank plain and simple . Somebody in my class is about to give me an asthma attack cause they stank ugh #disgusted 
I don't feel well at all so im a super bad mood today 
its sooo hard to study when u have dizzy spells im just sayin . i keep lossin focus and gettin confused 
Fail 
this is not working anymore i need a real job like yesterday my train ticket home is 102 dollars grrface 
Got tea in two styrofoam cup for the boy wezzy lol 
had a great lunch minus the food with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McCoy , < PROPFIRST > Brown , < PROPFEMALE > Zieles , < PROPMALE > A . Nixon , and z friend < PROPFEMALE > 
now my ears are cold good job fire drill 
Song of the nite Warm Bed by < PROPFIRST > Foxx cause I gotta snuggly warm bed mmmhmmm 
Yay its Friday ! You kno what that means ..... its time for a Lord Saddler Production LMAO #RE4 
Come to fabani and watch me embarrass myself lol 
That was funny 
Can't breathe at nite and can't nap in the day = no sleep for < PROPFIRST > im never goin to shake this cold 
Fastest trip to family video ever and now its movie time candyman 1 & 2 finishing with nine the musical 
i wanna go home im so worried i cant function anymore 
watchin Candyman in the Lobby if u gotta problem with it say something 
Too many ppl in the caf_ for a sunday 
omg my hair has gon wild 
Song of the Day Me and My Goons by Plies 
Omg slius got us watchin this movie about pelican bay and the narrator host dude sounds like jigsaw from the saw movies #creepy 
Yay its not the t-virus a creature is not goin to sprout out of my back and kill things 
Step into the badside ooh ooh ooh 
Megamind is my new favorite animated movie of all time 
Grrr I really need to put my contacts back in my phone I wanna text so many ppl but I can't 
I feel very indifferent about a lot of things and people rite now especially that test I just took . #thinkingreallyhard 
Song of the Day Girls Just Wanna Have Fun ..... im just a lil hyper today a lil bit 
No im crashin nooooo so sleepy #why 
Wow im sooooo reeady for my venting session on saturday . This bitch got life fucked up 
The toaster just try to eat my bagle 
hungry 
Guess who's the mini bowlin champion of platt second floor this girl #HMY 
Im wide a wake #grrrface 
Its so niice and guood 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the new mini bowling champion 
Glow Bowling was a success 
Im sooo happy my dad called me and is ok and everything is goin according to plan 
Heading to Ball State University for the Black Issues Conference 
Egg mcmuffin omg im so excited #HMY 
I really wanna be done with this medicine im tired of eating meals before I go to sleep it gives me extra weird dream #smh 
FML 
Some any signs and I didn't see none of them til it was too late 
Relationships are like < PROPFEMALE > some ppl go for the shine wrapper that taste all kinds of wrong then there the < PROPFEMALE > with the surprise thats just amazing lol 
MOVIE TIME THIS SUNDAY FEATURE IS SPACE JAM ... SONG OF THE DAY FOREVER BY DRAKE LIL < PROPMALE > KANYE WEST EMINEM ... SPACE JAM JORDANS 
My friend like yo friend do yo friend like my friend 
when did facebook turn it to twitter with trend statuses 
i wanna play ask me anything u like in my inbox and i ask it 
Q : what would u say the best 3 things in life are\ 
A : food , music and ummmmm music about food lol 
Q : How do you honestly feel about me as a person ? \ 
A : ur funny but a lil too nuetral all the time 
Q : why are you the cooleset chick ever ? no seriously , I wanna be like you when i grow up lol\ 
A : Cause i got awesome friends duhhhh lol 
Q : what were ur first thoughts bout me when we first met ??? \ 
A : i dont think were going to get along but then it turns out ur frickin awesome 
Steak two days in a row caf_ are u tryin to win me back lol 
Im not random in my mind 
The burbs are just the warts on the ass of a city 
Song of the Day Street Lights by Kanye West ... O how I miss the city ( tear ) 
Im zoned out in this class #solost 
Smashin on thanksgiving in the caf_ #fattweet 
Watchin the magic school bus 
Got me a peach icee and now its time to watch the soloist gotta love random movies in the library 
Man fuck kings why did I wanna play so bad today lol 
Since I've been up since 830 ( think I deserve a nap 
Trine wins yet again Whooooo #HMY nite nite 
Hopefully in two days I'll have a new not jank phone kee those fingers crossed 
Good Nite world holla at me in the morning lol 
I don't like when its cold as ever in the morning then as soon as it gets dark its warm naw naw playa #signsofastorm 
watchin Elf 
One class today yay then goin to see Megamind again lol 
Now im angry I ppl would opening the windows in the hallway if u hot open ur own damn windows now my room cold as shit ugh 
we've been there lol that was a whack ass commercial 
omg sassy is the funniest the funniest dog ever 
Megamind is the sugar < PROPFEMALE > ice tea lol 
Yay my room is sooo clean rite now #relaxed 
im cold again im soooo ready to go home 
Attention all trine student who were up campus this morning one of u lost a sock I repeat one of u lost a sock 
Im kinda sleepy and I don't know y 
Angola and I have a love hate relationship lol i love Angola until I'm homesick then I hate everything about it ugh 
Bye lil ass Angola u might be missed lol 
Dyrisha is just so mean to kids smh 
Ride with Shakeela on the southshore train 
Yay im Home Home Home Home 
Tacos omg tacos that my dad made omg #HMY 
Shit im sleepy it never fails every time I come home I get soooo tired 
I love being at home its a totally different vibe from angola . U can talk about how bad the city is all u want but I still love it 
Man its cold #brrrrr 
Its snowin ugh 
Cookin with my grandma 
\These greens are stinkin they smell so good\ " my grandma " 
Chinese food yayyyyyyy 
I love waterbeds #nitenite 
Im thankful for my amazing family and friends 
Gotta love kitchen conversations lol 
It sucks bein a morning person surrounded by non-morning ppl ( sigh ) 
Omg im sofaking full rite now #fatness 
Angrry angry angry where freak is my mp3 player ( scream ) 
I dont think i like this phone 
i found my mp3 player im so delighted 
< PROPFEMALE > is so silly #familyisawesome 
i love < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ( the new one ) 
Watchin When in Rome 
Heading back to angola today #sosoon ( tear ) 
I feel so slow rite now #dumbasstrain 
Jurassic Park is the movie . I think my favorite one is the last one . 
\What u gon do ballhead\ " lil kid on the train to his sister lol #damnshame " 
I went from chicago to southbend for free 
< PROPFEMALE > is an asshole ... u kno what u did 
I didnt miss this class at all ( sigh ) 
U tryna set me up bitchass nigga lol 
Song of the Day Speakers Goin Hammer by Soulja Boy ...... speakers goin hammer bammer bammer bammer ( just a lil hyper today ) 
Man im hungry fudge it im goin to sleep 
I dont think i like this wet ass wind 
This class is soooo boring and its freezin in here 
Yay only 2 weeks left of this boring as semester #ohhappyday 
Not lookin forward to lab today ugh and angola is like trappedc in this cloud 
On the this bus goin to ohio for environmental bus and now im sleepy as ever #help 
So many seaguils . #findingnemomoment mine mine mine mine 
Shit its snowin a lil 
So sleepy cant function normally i walkin the slowest #naptime 
TODAY IS WORLD AIDS DAY PLZ WEAR RED AND STOP BY THE UC TO PICK A RED RIBBON 
Someone should throw I Got Tested Party tuesday nite because its free aid testing in fort < PROPMALE > on monday then ppl can get in free if they got tested 
At the trine bball game wondering y 
I know we're goin to do today ferb were going to go to trine bball game lol 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Daniels we won we won we shot the bb gun they lost they lost they ate tomato sauce lol 
Song of the Day Hey by Lil < PROPFIRST > ft 3Oh3 !.... hey i dont care 
Can i get a window seat dont want nobody next i just want a ticket out of town 
Why do ppl insist on talkin loud as fuck in the hallway the one day i needed to nap ? #madasfuckrightnow 
ok im not mad no more i just made a shit ton of noise to make up me feel better #RE4 
That dream was like a movie 
Man it's true i do have a glorious imagination 
Soooo scatter brain today 
Playing random gamecube games such as sonic , mart kart , and others with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Brown , and < PROPFEMALE > Pope too funny 
Bout to watch 300 the best 
O just another boring weekend 
Sweeny < PROPMALE > time 
Damn this snow storm is a bitch 
Can it b may already ? Plz o plz o plz ill be good forever i promise 
IMPORTANT : the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon chatacter thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , because if childrense e pictures of cartoons they will add them , it was currently on the programme Internet frauds and will apparently be on TV ..... some time tonight , put this as yo ... ur status to warn people and change your profile pictures back 
seem like every time i do laundry its the biggest load of socks ever lol 
Movie time 
The most previews damn 
Saddest movie got ever 
So its still snowin #fml tomorrows goin to suck balls 
ugh snow 
Song of the Day Top of the World by < PROPFEMALE > ft Mase 
Does the blue crew still exist anymore 
So sleepy #naptime 
ok now that im logged on the right facebook account im so bored imma play with my webcam its so frick'n awesome lol 
that was a good movie and bowling was fun and bdubbs was tasty #lifesgood 
i can finally sleep 
I really feel sick after bein in the smoky ass bowlin alley last night #asmatic 
Life is like < PROPFIRST > kart 1st lap its slow u gotta get a feel for the track 2nd lap is a breese no prob 3rd lap gets hard but it levels out 
Go blue go Fleet and < PROPMALE > 
These dude from university of Indianapolis pumas got the real rhino legs #ughthatsnasty 
Good job < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > J . Fleet for my first wrestling match yo was da bomb lol 
Song of the Day Happy People by R Kelly .... what do we when DJ's playin our favorite grove we step 
i got like three days left to make noise on this floor so get ready to jam 
Alrite go lady thunder and then go thunder 
Song of the Day I Hate This Part Right Here by The Pusstcat Dolls ..... I hate when its time to cough up all the cold in my chest ewww 
I like my rappers to be hungry then the rapper bout i kno not that bull 
So i forgot my bookbag this morning and i was sposed to study for my final in class 
Bad idea chuggin 2 cups of tea back ton back now im hot as hell 
One final down 3 to go 
Bout play me some gamecube and listen to some tuneage 
Im soooo happy i just bought bejeweled blitz the facebook game for my computer so over break when i get bored ill have my favorite facebook app whereever life takes me #ohhappyday 
i dont wanna study plz someone save me from the bores of finals 
I miss Champagne < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > U . < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > Hartmann . We used have fun all the time 
Oh snuggly warm bed i missed u and my allergy medicine is kickin #nitenite 
i hate motgue hours caus ei really wanna blare my music and sing off key while i study ( tear ) 
#np 99 Problems by Jay-Z .... I got 99 problems but being a bitch ain't one 
gotta the hard part of studing out of the way now for a 3 hours study break cause im starting to write shit over and over again lol 
so i cant study anymore but im not sleepy but i do have an 8am final followed by a 11am final hmm should i sleep or just stay up to after my last final 
Those two finals raped my mind 
Sooo so soooo tired 
INBOX ONLY : 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask me . [ 100% private ] put this as your status , You might be surprised .. \ 
dare ya !! 
O snuggly warm bed are u calling me ? #guoodnaight 
ok gotta do like 3 labs , make more note cards , finish doin about 4 loads of laundry . u never know how many clothes u got til its laundry day 
Chicken and its free Imma be so Shitty if they nasty 
ok i got one lab done flat ironed my hair did 4 loads of laundry got wings and cleaned up my closet #snugglywarmtime 
finals week is almost over yay 
Ok im goin to bed guood naight 
Yayyyyy Im done with finals !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Playin uno with < PROPFEMALE > the last hot boxers in platt lol 
At bdubbs with < PROPFEMALE > krilin and vegeta 
By meyer lol 
I dont like drangon ball z < PROPFEMALE > soooo wrong 
I need to get some family sized friends cause these bitches too lil for me 
The damn train is late as usual #sosleepy 
Sooo shitty rite now the train just got here i could have slept in 
U ever go nite nite nigga lol 
What the hell i thought i was sleep for like days no i was sleep for a hour #really 
Yayyyyy i got new flat irons yayyyyyyyy 
Roasted chicken , mashed potatoes , corn bread , green beans , and white potatoes #ilovehome 
Would u sell ur spouse for nite for a million dollars 
I like him . Hes nice but scary like < PROPFEMALE > .... I love despicable me too funny 
Damn i didnt miss all the fuckin yellin #unnecessary 
I like Knight and Day its a cute movie 
Song of the Day Call Me Dougie by New Boyz ft < PROPFIRST > Brown 
Watchin da bears thinkin it would b funny as ever if they broke out a snowball fight right now #gobears 
O yay who won they won da bears lol time to find a snuggly warm bed #nitenite 
Class Act is my movie i wish it came to dvd #grrrface 
Class act work that body work that body class act lol 
What the deuce Im Watchin district 9 and the government givin the aliens they form or crack aka cat food 
< PROPFIRST > phase of the day Lil booty jeans = jeans that feel like ur booty is comin out the top if them 
Y am i awake right Now 
I dont feel good i dont hate shopping on a empty stomach 
100 request damn i guess i gotta check facebook like every hour instead of once a week lol 
Watchin toy story 3 with my Lil cousin Taylah 
Guood Naight 
Ok i have decided to dye my hair auburn but Now i gotta figure out when and if i still want random brown pieces 
Hanging with the gma 
#ihatewhen i forgot to hit send on a text msg and wonder y ppl dont respond on time 
I think i wanna watch Salt 
Who's bored i am i am 
Christmas is for parents they care more about how many presents r under tree than the kids do #shakeofshame 
Lil ppl b trippin aka my lil cousin Taylah 
Web cams crack me up wait til i put the goofy pics up rotflmfao 
So mad my phone just fell out my pocket the back popped off 
#grrrface i hate feelin helpless 
Watchin four brothers with eriyanna and < PROPFEMALE > 
Happppppy Merrrrrrrrry Christmassssssssssssssss to all of u who didnt get the massive text 
This is why i skipped Christmas last year #annoyed 
Ok Im stuffed real this time 
Song of the Day Follow Me Now by < PROPMALE > & the Chipmunks 
My head is killin me and i cant figure out y 
Mad as fuck #rudeasspeople 
Damn winter break is long shit i still got like 2 weeks to go 
Yay Im so excited my superhero glasses finally fit ! No more headbands unless i wanna match 
Song of the Day Coldest Winter by Kanye West .... This winter is goin to suck ... Brrrrrrrrr 
Back in < PROPFIRST > at last 
Yay they got 5 cake mixes for me to make 
Watchin the super < PROPFIRST > bros movie and i love how the b-bomb has on reeboks #itsthelittlethings 
Light Bulb #despicableme 
Ok i better start reading if I'm goin to finish by time it's dark out 
So i never started reading but i made the amazing photo montage ( however u spell it ) #tickledpinked 
Who's bored I am I am I am 
Sooo static electricity is stronger than i thought i just shocked my laptop and the screen went out for like 10 mins #freaky 
I like bringing in the new year without snow thanks rain #newyearsve 
Omg its 50 degrees in December #shocked 
#HMY I get good fried catfish tomorrow Now thats how u start the year off lol #fattweet 
Nite nite i really hope my glorious imagination doesn't cook up anymore weird ass dreams 
Y do everybody act like Im never coming back when i tell them i gotta go i dont think i like guilt trips 
Vitner's are the best chips in the mid-west #yeahisaidit 
First cake of the year yellow cake with chocolate frosting 
Im prolly gon b sick i had cake batter , cake , 3 different frostings , salt and sour chips , grill cheese , Kool aid , and pop tarts 
Tacos !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The way i like #ohappyday 
Y do all my dreams have to be action packed adventures 
Best part about winter no critters , flys , or other creepy bugs 
Do < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > write the sings too or do he just do the music jw 
How u ever seen a preview so good it made u wanna watch the movie even after you've seen it 10 times 
Im bored so Imma braid my hair Im goin to miss being bored when classes start lol 
Kinda Watchin spacejam , packin , bout to take a shower , and tryin figure out what i gotta do before i go back to Angola 
Im Sooo annoyed rite Now i hate bein on other ppl schedules when they change them and dont tell u ugh ! 
Songs of the Day Take Me As I Am and My Life by < PROPFIRST > J Blige ..... Yeah i got two songs today what of it 
Ok ive seen it all skinny legg uniform pants #studentswag 
no snow dont do this to me go any 
Chillin with the nephews and my sister 
had fun with the nephews now its time to back to my grandma house so i can be ready to catch the train tomorrow 
U faint one time in a hospital and they never let u live it down 
Man i wish i didnt have \easy feelings\ " as my grandma would say " 
Cant ever sleep the night before i get on the train #whyisthat 
It feels good to help my grandma clean up this big ol basement 
Ridin down the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on my way to the train #goodbyeChicago 
Song of the Day End of the Road by Boyz II Men ..... Winter break we've come to the end of the road still i cant let go its unnatural lol #trippin 
Double quarter pounder with cheese #yum 
Nite nite crashing in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 
domino's pizza oh how i missed you lol 
And it begins #nothinggoodinthecafe 
Hmmmm bingo ? 
To the ass shinin green ass lights in my window we kno who u are ass #creepieralert #weeeooohweeeeohhh 
Song of the Day Flashing Lights by Kanye West 
20 mins and im zoned out in class #damnshame 
I dont sit in the first of my bio classes cause it depresses the professors 
mad as shit rite now errrbody and they granddaddy watchin the game but noooooooo whack as trine dont have b.e.t. so im left in the dark 
Say another mofo word and i aint playin niggah lol pinky is fool usa plays the most random movies ever 
Today has a totally different vibes to it #weird 
WINGZZZZZZ 
Nighty nite snuggly warm bed #sweetdreams 
New rule no hitting the snooze on Tuesday and Thursday #sleepy 
What the Hell my sinuses just went hayware on me 
yay i gotta doughnut thanks Tristen < PROPFEMALE > Huntley u rock 
MSO meet and greet tonight 
and the pickles and the pickles 
Song of the Day Cologne by < PROPFIRST > Blu a ft Gucci Mane 
This mindreader is funny as Hell 
I dont walk with my head down cause Im shy i walk with my head down cause Im clumsy lol 
a clean room makes a happy < PROPFIRST > 
Play spades with girls 
O my way to church 
Service was excellent #uplifted 
Dream Girls is that movie 
who's bored i am i am i am what to do 
O snuggly warm bed since i gotta get up early Imma go to snuggle with u Now #nitenite 
Fort < PROPMALE > service project for MLK Day #sleepy 
That was very rewarding #beaming happy < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr day 
Song of the Day Caught Up by Usher Im all caught with all the sleep i missed this weekend lol 
kk im all caught up with the game now too but idk if i like this new season 
Busy busy day 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong , wild , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. 
The game was better this episode but til a Lil not rite 
done with the nightly stretching now its time for bed nite nite 
Killin love real bio classes they dont full like a waste of time like the bogus classes 
I love real bio classes unlike them bogus bio classes 
work til 830 grrrface 
Facebook Song of the Day Save Me by < PROPFEMALE > Minaj aka the footworkin song 
I dont wanna go to work i dont wanna 
off work chillin with a peach icee #HMY 
Song of the Day Pump It by Black Eye Peas ..... Turn up Ur radio blast Ur stereo 
Didnt need to see a pig decompose at 1030am #ughthatsnasy 
But i loved you since Tuesday 
Song me the Day Speak French by < PROPFIRST > Foxx ft Gucci Mane ... Take the elevator up to the twenty-second level 
brrr its cold out but its friday and im done for the day #HMY 
o what a nite 
ok im done uploading random MSO pics LOL 
its almost jello time all shit 
Me and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > bout to watch Casper Omg i love this movie #boringassweekend 
man i was sleepy lol 
alright its time to do hwk , MSO stuff , and relax 
Yay no more bogus edges for me 
like a pimp ( in my < PROPFIRST > banner voice ) 
maybe i shouldnt b drinking this mountain dew livewire im starting to feel hype for no reason at all lol 
watchin ATL with the girls 
done braidng hair #nitenite 
in the uc lab trippin lol i havent been in here in forever 
Damn Im even clumsy in my dreams 
work was eh 
popcorn 
I need quarters like Now #help 
Today's goin to be a blue amp kinda day 
Fun oh how i miss thy 
Angola elementary is better then our college team #ashamed 
well its about that time nite nite facebook 
So not ready for class today 
So disgusted doin these urine test for animal physio 
i truly hate being woke up by ppl talkin loud as fuck 
One class then its the weekend #HMY 
84 -80 triple overtime #goblue #HMY 
Triple overtime #HMY 
This wouldnt be so borin if the bc was here wit me 
Tobagoning was fun and Now Im freezing lol 
Imma start dating in 1000 days #yeahright 
Today is the beginning of a very busy time of the semester 
i feel like death warmed over the put in the freezer then thawed then put into the microwave #unwell 
im mad as hell thanks to the inconsiderate basturd that was bamming at 3am im in a shitty ass mood so dont fuck with me today 
HMY classes r canceled 
gotta test tomorrow still sick and i havent studied at all FML 
#np lovely day - < PROPMALE > Withers 
#blackparentquotes on twitter is too funny 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and my nephews are the only ppl i kno who crank call ppl on skype lol i love them 
Can it be later 
epic massive fail 
Song of the Day Lost by Gorilla < PROPFEMALE > ft . Lil < PROPMALE > ..... After that genetics test and this forensic bio class im lost on a road dont kno which to go Ive my mind 
Ever feel like u kno too much random stuff #ilovecollege 
They dont tell u that in animal physio every lab U r do u gotta do test on yourself 
Shark boy and lava girl is < PROPFEMALE > sad 
so im not goint to class 
now i gotta attitude 
BMOC was funny fav parts cat daddy poem jabbawockey and whack jokes lol 
hmm what do what do 
Song of the Day Get My Car by 50 Cent .... I got no pickup lines I stay on my grind I tell them ho's all the time bitch get in my car ( bitch get in ) 
we won u lose ha Ha HA lol 
Im so glad all the Damn lights 4real out cause i dont wanna see not naw nother naked ho 
Really easy e really 
my nite was funny as hell i get 3 random ass white boys to dance on Dyrisha Ottbridge #funnyashell #HMY 
O snuggly warm bed u dont ever kno how much i missed u #nitenite 
Didnt watch more than a < PROPFEMALE > of the game but Im happy with the outcome one of my top 3 teams won 
Awh my caterpillar never turned to a butterfly ugh thats a cheeto o ( crunch ) 
One class one meeting 3 hours of work then nothin 
#happyasshit i got all the song from despicable me that i wanted 
awhhh i love my fam thanks to < PROPFIRST > Rhoden i wont have to spend money on food for along while , thanks to Cokamoe Tostrongfada Avaragenigga cause now i can pay my < PROPFEMALE > payment all the way , and thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > cause now i wont be complete broke for the next two weeks 
Mahogany is a good movie 
this weeks playlist is uber random just wait lol 
i had to put this on facebook #younotfromgary if you didn't get a pickle and a peppermint to put in it from the corner store 
No song of the day today . Today is Artist of the Day Lil < PROPMALE > ......................... 
im hungry annoyed and i still gotta study o joy 
bout to hit the books abd study for this forensic bio exam if you see me not studying make me study plz 
< PROPFEMALE > i hit the snooze button for a hour 
I truly dont understand ppl at times y y y 
Applesauce #HMY 
I kno everything until i stepped my boot in the class room #fml 
nap or facebook hmmmm nite nite facebook 
Had to take some quil Now Im extra sleepy 
Bout to watch juice cause that movie i was watch had me bout to cry 
Omg i found my favorite place to my favorite songs 
School daze 
Fort < PROPMALE > here i come 
Boy \ let me get them digits\ " < PROPFEMALE > \ " can u pay my tuition ? ......................... I thought so\ " #welldamn " 
We rock tiaras ho 
They trippin funny nite 
Do u hear me ewwwwwww 
I got rock hard ABS after all the laughin we did today #nitenite 
bout to take a nap with my new body pillow 
change of plans no nap tv time 
#grammys did they just cut the color off 
Warning : You're about to catch #bieberfever #grammys \ 
had to facebook lol 
#grammys aka country music awards 
#grammys she look like the oricale from 300 like some ol diseased faced man bout to lick her face 
damn facebook is dead cause errbody tweetin on twitter 
 @JBiebsMafia : Dear < PROPFEMALE > Spalding : Who the FUCK are you ? Sincerely , the world .  
#grammys i didnt even kno drake knew how to juke 
Right now < PROPFIRST > Brown is throwing punches using X Box Kinetic after watching Drake rub up his sparring partner ... #Grammys #welldamn 
#Grammys WTF is up with these no name ass ppl winning grammys 
Man i need to stop hitting the snooze button 
Wind why r u tryin to kill me 
asthma + strong winds = #badday 
Lemon < PROPFEMALE > frusco is frick'n amazing #HMY 
Song of the Day Single Ladies by Beyonce ..... I Had to Do It 
no strings attached fun yet inappropriate 
Minute made is amazing #nitenite 
Song of the Day 99 Problems by Jay-Z ..... I got 99 problems but being a bitch aint one 
My face is attacking me watery itchy eyes + running nose = < PROPFIRST > not paying any attention in class 
goin to bed early #nitenite 
bout to take care of business 
the weirdest dreams 
O yeah ( in my vector ) #despicableme 
man them flammin hots were good 
this weekend im taking random ass web cam pics lol i need a goofy profile pic 
Damn these tall shoes let me walk so much faster than them boots 
I need a genetics tutor #help !!!! 
Damn we write too much in this class #handcramp 
Pigtails + tall shoes + ripped jeans = < PROPFIRST > swag 
Skating was fun as Hell 
shit im sleepy and my legs and ankles hurt now #wherethebedat 
I hate these dream #thesaddest 
Bout get braided up 
Y is everything so sad today Damn 
O Hell yeah i kno what Im doin for spring break 
this mango is delicious thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Tilburg 
No snow noooooooooo y snow y 
listening to my gospel mix chillin 
family size bag of doritos 
im startin to stressed out real fast 
This movie is deliciously ridiculous 
Come get some hot chocalate and marshmmellow #yummy 
i love how we get shhhhed for laughin to loud before quite hours on our floor but phi sigs can run jump and skip they ass around but nobody says shit #WTF 
Bed i miss u ever so much with my pillow that r as soft as marshmmellows 
So happy no genetics lab , no animal physio lab , and no class on Friday #ohhappyday 
Correction no lab all week #HMY 
Open Mic Night Was Fun we had so good talents , some funny people , and some others ..... 
my eyes hurt again 
ahhh i finished my fasfa thank god i didnt forget 
Come get some frooties in the cafe 
Hot wings and steppin #wackywednesdays 
something has to giving or shit's goin to hit the fan 
laundry time 
the step team did a good job their coach was happy but we liked it 
i need to figure out what im doin for summer for real 
i got the remedy thats gone fix it all 
Song of the Day Buzzin by Mann ..... I love the beat 
#dontyouhatewhen somebody's attitude rubs off on you 
my back is killin me 
ok no nap 
bout to go to piggy's 
Thats was fun Im happy i dont have class tomorrow 
Hawaiian punch is what it do #greatnite even tho it was only thrusday 
ok gotta clean up the tornado that hit my closet and and my dresser #disaster 
MLK Program if your on a committee be at fabiani theater by 615 
the program was perfect too bad we only half the people from last year 
My body hurts like Ive been fighting #ineedavacation 
i so blame < PROPFEMALE > Jene'e for me falling asleep for 3 hours lol 
My favorite hat ever in life is gone forever #sosad 
< PROPFIRST > brown look the < PROPFEMALE > Lords from meteor man #notagoodlook 
ha it made me laugh ..... < PROPFIRST > Brown hit her , Eminem lies to her and Drake doesn't remember her name . What a life Rihanna has 
It feel like its takin 2 weeks to take breath ...... 
i knew i didnt like her from to moment the movie started with her bitch #afamilythatpreys 
o how i miss my friends < PROPFEMALE > Hartmann , Ileina < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and Champagne < PROPMALE > . when they went here i was never bored 
< PROPFIRST > Brown makes my giggle she is sooo low key funny 
I really wanna go to vegas now .... 
Mission Spring Break : find and box of hair dye lol 
then u wait for some peanut butter toast 
Welcome to another installment of < PROPFIRST > family quotes some ppl r like thrones stuck in Ur ass and they need to b plucked - < PROPFEMALE > 
high light of my day i found a dime in the ice lol 
Welcome to another installment of < PROPFIRST > family quotes you owe me money < PROPFEMALE > ( rubbin her fingers together and talkin real slow ) cash money - < PROPFEMALE > 
Welcome to another installment of < PROPFIRST > family quotes you better go within before you go without - < PROPFIRST > Rhoden 
Gotta go to class early so i can print out stuff and finish my free writes 
Bad hair day 
plz can it be thursday at 1pm plz i promise i'll b nice 
These bitches < PROPMALE > stole my Damn grenade 
had to leave work early i feel like imma blow chucks at any moment 
this phone is pissin off not sendin my damn texts 
Yay out of work early so i can write this report and study for these 3 test and finish up like 6 labs 
studing + finishing paper + beef and bean burrito = my night 
ok im sleepy now but i havent even studied for my first test imma get up at 5 then snooze til 530 then get up and study lol 
so tired and strangely hungry 
OMG ! Imma need a hug cause today sucks 
Failed 2 test to go 
I miss watchin my favorite cooking shows Cooking With Accent and All Out of Accent 
2 test failed one to go 
well damn they left me and i really needed to go to walmart 
Dont take it personal Im just in a jank mood 
dyrisha trippin krauser aka big ass metal wing dude cheatin 
So we just dragged < PROPFEMALE > in the closet #priceless #triangle 
Awhhh i missed doin random funny things like this 
#sosad woke up to a poor Lil beetle gettin eaten by a big giant raper spider 
bout damn time 
ok got my possible classes ready just wanting on a couple emails . next step go to forman and get a summer form thingy and pray everything works in my favor 
Oh b.e.t. how i missed u 
Makin some real noodles on the stove #fattweet 
Ugh he got on a v neck and hairs comin out #ughthatsnasy 
It might b bugs on some of u mugs but it aint no bugs on me hahahaha 
got my songs back #ohyeah ( in my vector voice ) 
Now shed a tear is stuck in my head 
Hanging out with Sami 
Yay New colored hoops and a New chain yay 
yay i finally got my lip gloss tooo 
Dyrisha tried to kill me just she had me drive to burger < PROPMALE > 
wishin i had my beach ball so could get my preggo #CatDaddy on 
u were thinking it but u said it 
Welcome to another installment of Courtneys friends quotes- u like my friend cause my friend like u 
That orange chicken was fuckin amazing 
it's lookin like naptime 
Damn u Disney for setting my standards so high lol 
It really sucks being in Indiana when my bro and sisters are in Iowa #helpless 
lasagna time 
so tired but if i got to bed now imma be up all at 3 
I dont understand i dont get it 
Ok too hot gotta put the mattress on the floor #damnshame 
So not used to wearing regular sneakers 
so i was messing around on my portal filling extra info cause i was bored when i got to the most depressing < PROPFEMALE > ever u need to I.C.E ppl then u need to tell them who they have to contact when u go missing 
dinner work then hopefully finish up these lab reports 
bow chicka wow wow is stuck in my head 
if it wasnt for cnnbreaking news twitter i wouldnt kno what was goin on in the world 
gotta love catchin up with good friends on facebook chat lol .... shimmy 
Hey < PROPFIRST > you know you look like < PROPMALE > from Eminem's song back in the day right ? #chrisbrowndialtone \ 
\ 
i love twitter they have me rollin 
Feel love is stuck in my head but i dont kno the words yet so its like somebody mumbling in my head 
#questionsihate how old r u 12 ? yeah stupid im 12 working on two bachelors degree 
ok time to study for animal physiology 
u got me poppin champagne im at again caught up in the moment but not in the rite way 
so annoyed tired and i still need to study 
goin to bed early to wake up early to study 
No < PROPMALE > no < PROPMALE > la la la la 
Apparently my phone didnt have any service at all from 6pm yesterday til 10 mins ago #wtf 
i need a friction book to read any ideas 
At the lacross match game whatever and Fabiani fire alarm is goin off < PROPFEMALE > look pissed 
12 to 4 go blue 
what is park talkin bout 
I make this golf hat look good lol 
< PROPFIRST > need to grow some 
ayee , Jumping The Broom looks hella funny . a must see ! 
Im liking these black skinnys sorry black flared you've been booted 
Crayola Crayola u aint Crayola like me nigga u roseart Crayola Crayola 
And my weekend has started 
\i dont care what you do with the car\ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
This is a fun night 
Sleepy sleepy #naptime 
Awh indy was fun #adios 
Booooooooo back in the gola 
Gotta finish these 3 movies then Im goin back to sleep #lazyday 
Gotta chill on the floor in the common cause all the sofas got sex juices And oxytocin on them #ughthatsnasy 
Step up 3d time 
Ok it sounds scary out here 
way to start off the week my phone died before i woke so i got up at 830 for a 9am 
y is my room so cold 
Off to work i go 
Ok ppl lets get this movie rolling 
rango rango rango o what a different movie u r 
Wtf my phone must hate me cause the battery had two bars when i hit snooze woke up it was dead after 15 mins 
SOng of the Day Unwritten by < PROPFEMALE > Bedingfield ..... this was my song then i forgot about it then the hills brought it back 
crap we have a visitor in park class now i gotta pretend to pay attention 
i cant wait til im done with these classes hoping my summer ideas work out 
#np i believe i can fly - r < PROPFIRST > 
thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Burrell i keep thinking \And the Plot Thickens \"" 
< PROPFIRST > brown throwin chairs now i feel like he was having a boondocks moment lol 
damn its been too long since i cleaned my room 
< PROPFIRST > Brown got me rollin talkin bout lil jakey and lol < PROPFEMALE > 
i really need too get my head in the game 
yo momma aint never home #ATL 
Song of the Day Over by Drake .... I know way too many ppl here right Now that i didnt know last year who the fuck are yall 
So sad Jones just killed this poor Lil frog for our lab 
im bored and sleepy like usual 
And Now Im wide awake and Im pissed 
#wtf y is there a cartoon commercial about HPV on the kiddie channel 
My weekend starts rite ...... Now #andthenihitmydougie 
ooooh this t-shirts bout to be on point 
Hope i dont bruise my thumbs cause Imma be playin mortal kombat like all weekend 
Im in such a guood mood for it to be so early #guoodmorning 
bout to do this workout video 
diggin ' jiggy 
bout to freeze me but off 
So i lost my trine id and a 20 good job < PROPFIRST > thank god for the id i lost at the beginning of the year and found once it too late 
ok o found my id now where is my 20 and my tv remote 
YESSSSSSSSSS found my remote Now where my 20 
Such a nice day time for a walk 
Today too many ppl drive thru life when they need to slow down and take walk 
Wii Nite in the university apt rite Now 
mmmmmhmmm almond joy 
Hate phone tag 
Sunflower seeds o how i missed u 
its unclear 
< PROPMALE > e cheese 
Y do my lab smell like relaxer 
Sooooo annoyed 
* cyber Hug * < PROPFEMALE > Upshaw love ya lil sis 
its a hat kinda day #badhairday but i make this hat look guood lol 
Song of the Day Life by K-Ci & JoJo ...... Just like a < PROPFEMALE > i just wanna fly free 
I need a long break from Angola its < PROPFEMALE > gloomy and cold 
I dont wanna b sick again so it needs to warm up plz o plz 
im ill 
omg who knew a lollipop would make me feel better my throat dont hurt as much now 
sooo much to do but no motivation to do it 
so sick ughhh do u hear me ughhhh 
just bought Lottery Ticket and Life 
noo the brain contractions have started again 
I hate head cold my body is functional but my head and throat are all out of whack 
So had to leave class cause this damn head cold gave me an asthma attack like i was freakin out in class 
yay for nyquill i dont feel sick anymore my throat aint bangin no mo no mo 
Glow golfing was fun and i got my dad his fathers day bday present 
relaxing until dinner then helping out at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
bad < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s had me rollin 
i love how cheese the scream movies are 
lazy day 
yayyyy i just bought Nightmare on Elm street 1-4 
#nw rush hour \ 
the lil girl always have me crackin up at the beginning singing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > song 
sunday workout kick my but 
#nw tropic thunder i love sunday nite movies 
#wft the toilets on first floor are puking worms and poop #ughthatsnasty 
and the plot thickens 
#wtf its 75 in Gray and only 45 in angola i wanna go home now 
Those who voted for hot and gloomy u win lol 
Song of the Day for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Grayer Stop and Stare by One Republic .... stop and stare i think im moving but i go nowhere lol 
ok too tired to function imma watch this movie then hopefully i'll have some energy 
#nw Im gonna get u sucka 
When the saint go marching in and in and in will u be there with me lol 
I dont feel good at all my chest hurts i wanna throw up and im at work 
i'm trapped in academic hell week 4 test in 3 days all about dna and im sick stressed out and i wanna go home im tired of being here 
im going to deal with things one issue at a time but i am a natural born worrier so i cant say that im not go to worry but i can say i wont worry about so much at one time . Life would be so much easier if i was a quitter im just saying 
i truly dislike test with only 5 questions #defeated 
Test 3 done time to study for test 4 
Test 4 done guessed on hella questions Now its time to relax 
Songs of the Day Beautiful People by < PROPFIRST > Brown and Teach Me How to Dougie by Cali Swag District 
#nw Soul Plane 
I'll teach you how do dougie 
i got my money on the red pants #ABDC 
i love this playlist i just made it has like 200 songs in it but i love them all #delighted 
I hate forgetting stuff Now Im rushing 
On the road again and Im pretty sure were going to get lost #omy 
And we're lost in Ohio 
A highway with 5 lanes #itfeelslikehome lol 
I dont like small towns #suspect 
I dont care Whats going on next weekend Im sleeping in on Saturday Im so tired of waking up early 
Dont you believe it 
wh my lil cousin taylah just called me and she starting sound like a big girl awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwh i miss her bad butt 
Sunday workout u win again 
Gotta enjoy the weather today cause its not gone be like this tomorrow 
o hair u need to change 
Crispty crunchity light skin meat 
Moment of silence for all the the earthworms that got stomped to death cause the rain left them trapped on the sidewalk 
I really dont like having a test every other week in a Jones class #fml 
Song of The Day Umbrella by Rihanna Ft . JAY-Z 
chocolate gravel #itiswhatitis 
Few people have Swine Flu and everyone starts wearing masks . Millions of people have AIDS and n o-o ne wears condoms . Stupidity . #itiswhatitis 
im so angry 
Its time for a different job 
Now Hiring !!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Looking for a person that is very knowledgeable in the field of genetics . \ 
Duties would include writing my paper for me . \ 
This is a voluntary position so the pay would be little to none . lol 
ok cat nap time til 3 then finish up #prayforme 
The test i study the least for i get a b+ on . There a little hope for today 
Song of The Day Be Encourage by < PROPMALE > Sapp 
Four year of calling random people at work and it still gets on my Damn nerves #annoyed 
Y r there always random sock in my bed 
Whooooo i didnt fail i even got a 75 #HMY 
I only date Ninjas #truestory 
i has having a chrisbrown moment #andthenihitmydougie 
ha we missed the fire drill 
ok how long are skinny jeans supposed to be cause ive been wonder about this for the last 
< PROPMALE > is my nigga #realworld he is the only one keeping it real on the real world 
Man us college kids are soft compared to students in the past when things didnt go their way they protested we get wasted #damnshame 
Bout to zone out to this music so i can make this playlist for tonight 
errrbody and they momma make noise in this building and today its my turn until < PROPFEMALE > take her speakers back that is lol #dealwithit 
Im ready for a carefree summer with no drama and plenty of laughter 
#np cat daddy - rej3ctz #andthenihitmydougie 
Song of the Day < PROPFEMALE > by Sleepy Brown Ft . Pharrell 
friday at 230 you now what time it is WORKOUT time 
Trine's got talent is hilarious 
Ppl got life fucked up 
Life is the sum of all our choices 
This is completely mental completely 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > playlist is in full effect #dealwithit cause im jammin 
see red 
Wow so much stuff goin on at one time 
#nw the very first nightmare on elm street 
1 , 2 Freddies comin for u 
ok time to buckle down and get stuff done 
Shake it up is Sooo cute and funny 
So annoyed rite Now snow really mother nature really then I didnt sleep well at UGH 
Song of the Day Next to You by < PROPFIRST > Brown ft < PROPFIRST > Bieber 
Awh Shit my eyes are puffy and itchy 
Brokaw bathrooms are the creepiest ever in life 
Man i need food 
#goBulls 
i just cant wait til sunday imma play hella games of bejeweled and zuma imma zone all the out 
me and spring have a love hate relationship i love that its not winter by i hate that it makes my allergies go crazy 
ugh 2 more labs including this just need to whooosah 
So frustrated if i tell u i dont understand what Ur telling me dont say i told i dont give fuck how many times u tell me if i dont get it i dont get it 
tweet me @courtaney_renee 
I got me some wendys chili #fattweet 
They shooting o wait thats the storm 
Song of the Day In The Air by < PROPFEMALE > Rida ..... Oh hot Damn this is my jam 
Fastest lab ever in 
Man Im slow i left the door so i thought lost them i was so upset 
can it be tomorrow around 4:30 pm please i promise i'll be good ? 
Damn this bookbag is heavy my back is killing me and gotta take it to work Now 
So it starts again allergies got nuts at work so Now i gotta leave early and Im all itchy 
im so happy im going home cause angola is trying to kill me 
my head hurts now i havent had a reaction like this since i was like 11 yrs old 
These girls are retarded and insecure #realworld i hate insecure as girls 
Dr Jones is the only professor that will give a test every two weeks 
Random items in my bed bottle of mustard powerade tortilla chips bras index cards a beachball 
time to get some sleep cause im prolly goin to b up early tomorrow out of habit 
#collegetaughtme how to differentiate between seasonal and life long friends 
Yay Im getting the Hell out of Angola 
Time to hit the train to < PROPFIRST > 
I get tacos at my daddy house #HMY 
It never fails i always forget to pack something this time shorts to sleep in good thing i got my only room 
I really missed cooking with my father 
Its so nice out today 
4.39 a gallon shake of shame 
Lol my Lil cuz is obsessed with birthdays . Gma said u going to the Easter party Taylah said the Easter birthday party 
Man i havent colored an Easter egg in forever 
Easter has change so much since i was little 
Church was nice but that smoke stuff they had almost sent into an asthma attack 
I thought holidays were time to celebrate the holiday and family . By reconnecting with ppl u havent talk to in awhile and up lifting others but i guess i wrong 
Back to the grimy gola i go < : L > 
Im the type of person who sees potential in everything and everyone . Everyone has the ability to be great if they truly want to be 
Jones Soda oh how I missed you 
im so excited i get to play my facebook apps again its been since i played bejeweled 
Couldnt even make it a hour at work before the itchyness attacked my neck and face 
Im loving this movie #scream4 
Too last to get dressed twice so Im going to dressed up all day 
correction too lazy to get dressed twice so i'll be dressed up all day #ojoy 
this is forensic biology not forensic entomology 
hmm stay and do an extra credit lab thats longer than a regular when i have an A lab #hahagoodbye 
About to give my presentation #fingerscrossed 
So defeated the wrong fucking powerpoint fuck my life and send it home 
Double quarter pounded with cheese u complete me #fattweet 
Now that thats done #guoodniite 
Im geting rid of a chem II file and Info apps file if u want them let me now 
peanut butter toast 
When saints go marching in o when saints go marching in 
finally the proposal is done senior research is done for now 
Yes no more forensic biology no more bugs no more learning about Shit that has nothing to do with what i want to do 
Did < PROPMALE > just say dont be a crackhead #abdc 
Awh its kinda sad i wont have another real biology class til january but im kinda happy too cause i get to go back to my psychology classes 
Song of the Day Lost by Gola < PROPFEMALE > Ft . LIL < PROPMALE > Im lost on road ......................... I think Im losing it 
Gettin it at Piggys 
Gotta love how small Angola is #werememberyou 
Gotta love doing the partyline to random songs 
awwwh i had so much fun with the BC tonight it was just like freshmen year 
its offically the end of the year the A-bomb has been deflated 
I love the scream movies 
ok study time 
wow the first thing i see when i leave my room bin laden death is reason to cancel finals 
Its a lab mouse ppl get it together 
One down one more to go today 
Navy Seals have just been upgraded to Navy Great White Sharks 
#np rebirth of cool ( Cool like that ) by digable planets 
my shoulder is jank i must have slept all kinds of wrong last night 
Song of the Day Home for the Holidays by J < PROPMALE > 
2 finals down one tomorrow and one wednesday but these last two got me stressed out 
#np she aint got that bomb like i do by blaque ft . left eye #throwback 
ok they finally close #bulls 
im tired and bugs and blood are not what i wanna be seeing right now 
done studying til 630am tomorrow 
It's unclear 
a freeze pop will make it better 
one more final then i can the hell outta here for a awhile cause my tolerance level is at its peak 
study break 
allergies suck 
Home i missed u ever so much 
So sleepy 
My head hurts my allergies are going crazy and my bad ass cousin been crying for 4and a half hours this y Im only here for 9 days 
Yay i can sleep now #guoodnite 
