I feel like I can make it ... the storm is over now 

Taking my life back after a quarter of a century :) 
working on staying focused to get some work done 
Certain people need to stop checking facebook from their phones cause it makes the rest of us feel like lames ;) 
Going to a show with mommy and Reese ... yay me !!! 
I rode my bike to my parents ' house then played tennis for two hours ... needless to say I'm a little sore 
Praying for a miracle I truly don't deserve ( not that we ever deserve them ) 
Whoever said \mo money mo problems\ " is welcome to give me their ' problems '" 
Ok I baked 26 cakes , 24 cupcakes , 4 pans of brownies and iced everything ... if someone does buy this stuff at the sale tomorrow heads will roll 
Off to bed for 2 hours then it's off to sell some baked goods 
13 hours of sleep just isn't enough 
Ready to throw in the towel ... apparently nothing I do is good enough 
So excited about my website finally being ready ... I feel like I've been working on it forever 
Rabbit Rabbit !!!! HAHAHA 
Is curious to know how I'm so fortune to have all the great things I want for my life happen ... to someone else 
Can't sleep ... clown'll eat me 
So close ... and yet so far away ... the story of my life 
We got our Osh Kosh Tickets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Only 23 hours to go ... I'm so excited about my life !!!! 
Only 12 hours and 32 minutes left ... he's headed to the airport !!!!!! 
22 hours to go ... we've now entered the dead zone where I won't hear from him until I see him 
7 and a half hours to go ... now we wait 
5 hours to go ... he's sitting in an airport in Miami 
3 hours to go ... headed to the airport in Chicago 
Hey now ... Hey now ... My boyfriend's back !!!! 
Picking up < PROPFEMALE > in 8 hours !!!! 
Trying to relax for a minute before I head to my mom's to eat dinner 
Laurisa's a poopy face ... hahaha 
Laurisa is a monkey face .... lol 
So I'm off too bed ... got to get up early tomorrow to keep planning for the school year ... yeah me !!!! ;) 
Getting ready for Osh Kosh !!! 
Oh my goodness time is going way too fast !!!! 
We made it to Oshkosh !!!!!!! I drove the whole way !!!! 
First day of school was pretty cool 
Sleepy and hungry 
Tired and my foot is starting to hurt again ... maybe I shouldn't have gotten off the crutches early 
Chillin ... like a villain 
Not a great day ... actually pretty bad ... hopefully tomorrow will be better 
Back to the old textbook and paper 
Tired of getting caught in craziness 
Going to Canada tomorrow ... good times ;) 
Maybe it would be better if I got a puppy ... 
In bed all day and still feel terrible ... what is wrong with me ? 
OMG .... why do I feel so unappreciated 
Daylight Savings .... just one more reminder that < PROPMALE > Daniels never should have been elected 
Got back from work ... feeling good about how things went 
I don't think I'm getting better ... I'm so tired and I think I'm gonna throw up 
ER til 3 am ... kinda sucked 
Whatever happened to right and wrong ... true and false ... good and bad ... when did we decide to make excuses for ignorance and make people who call things as they are the bad guys .... 
So .... Elijah picked my nose .... kinda creepy 
Why are people always saying we need to \bring Christ back to our schools\ " ? Why do we never say that we need to be Christ in our schools ? I for one intend to be Christ for my students . " 
I'm thankful for food !!!! 
Big day today ... AJ's baptism , < PROPFEMALE>'s dedication , and I think I'm singing special music 
Making paper chain < PROPMALE > for my homemade holiday themed Christmas 
< PROPMALE > Troxel said to say something about him on facebook ... I think he's kinda creepin me out 
So my first Avon order is due this Friday . There's plenty of great products and it's all delivered just in time for Christmas . Message me if you're interested in taking a look at a brochure . 
I'm so glad I don't have school tomorrow !!! 
Relaxing and watching movies ... feels good 
Tomorrow is the deadline for putting in a new order for Avon . You don't have to call me . Just use my website to order if you're interested : www.youravon.com/clesure 
Making up for the fact that I did nothing all last week by doing something this week ... 
How bad would it be if I just went to bed and skipped the whole \NEW YEAR'S\ " thing ? " 
What would you do this year if you knew you couldn't fail ? 
Don't you love when people mistreat you and then hope you forget and go back to being their friends ... 
Exhausted ... TGIS 
Don't forget to turn in Avon orders by Tuesday for this campaign . Message me or go online to order . 
25 ... no turning back now 
Thanks to everybody for the birthday love ... I had a great day . Back to school tomorrow ;) 
Had a great time at my party last night ... thanks to eveyone who came and made it so great !!! 
The Praise Fellowship Pathfinders are selling cookie mix , hot chocolate mix , and < PROPFIRST>'s day baskets . Let me know if you'd like to order one . 
What happens when everything you are is too much ? 
Still tired 
I'm trying to make the right choice ... 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Shepherd McHenry for teaching me how to tag people in the status bar . 
Worried ... and tired ... and trying to keep it together ( and failinh ) 
So I have something .... not sure what ... but it's making me feel nauseated all the time 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > Yarde I'm a spoiled brat !!! I love you hunny ;) 
Is it May 28 yet ? 
Went to the movies with my mom last night ... that was pretty cool 
Just biked to the bank ... not far but you've got to start somewherer 
Just got back from Bike the Bend ... like 30 miles .... go me !!!! 
MY MOUSE JUST HAD BABIES !!!!!! NOOOOOOOOO !!!! I DON'T WANNA BE A GRANDMA !!!! 
RIP < PROPMALE > Houdini LeSure ... you were one great mouse 
My boyfriend just made me a steak dinner for lunch !!! Thank you < PROPMALE > Yarde ... I love summer vacation 
I just got back from the Book Fair ... $200 worth of books for $68 .... Thank you < PROPMALE > Yarde 
Had a great day at the flea market with < PROPMALE > Yarde and < PROPFEMALE > LeSure 
My baby mice all died ... I am a horrible mouse mother :( 
Back from my weekedn in Ohio ... I'm so exhausted 
Training for summer school starts tomorrow ... I should get to sleep 
Summer school starts tomorrow and I'm kind of excited 
Just got back from my first tennis lesson ... now I need tennis buddies to play with . 
Had a great time at Christan < PROPMALE>'s wedding yesterday . Congratulations to the beautiful bride and groom . 
3 more days of summer school ... then it's time to set up my regular classroom ... my how time flies 
21 days til school starts !!!!! Getting excited ... 
Good luck to all those Penn folk back to school today !!! Hope it's great ! LA High < PROPFIRST > Lesure T.j. Robinson 
Busy life in the next few days . Sorry if I seem distant it's just a lot happening at once . 
Glad my parents liked the surprise party !! Happy 30th anniversary mom and dad !!! 
Second week of school ... so excited about my life ! 
In < PROPMALE > without a a rental car 
Great wedding !!! Headed back to Indiana tomorrow ... bummer 
Back from Florida ! Had a great time !!! congratulations Shivaughni B and Psicho Mofo 
I miss my boyfriend ... sigh 
Hates being alone 
I don't mind waiting ... 
Just going from day to day 
The boredome is intense !!!! 
Got done voting ... let's see how things turn out 
So today I had a serious stupid moment ... I looked on the stove and it said \Hot Stovetop\ " so I started touching burners to see which one was hot ... burned my fingers pretty bad ... STUPID !!! " 
Bad day ... tomorrow's a new one 
So today one of my kids came up with having a study group meet on Mondays and Wednesdays to help raise grades in my class ... 10 kids joined ... I'M SO PROUD 
Had a great time out with the girls tonight ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > Kulemeka for planning it ;) 
Waiting for my second meeting of the day to start ... my work week seems less busy 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!! 
GM has the best commercial ever !!! 
Just got back from picking up my Christmas tree ... good times 
So I got back home from pickin up decor and my tree had fallen over ... bummer 
So how was my day ... woke up to find that my tree is now leaning :( went to a ND women's basketball game and they won by 30 points :) burnt my tongue on a hot dog :( 
TGIF dude !!!! SO massively tired 
Soo ... I know I probably say this every winter but ... I WINTER !!! 
Hey so if anyone's interested I can get 1/2 price tickets to a Notre Dame Men's Basketball game . It's versus some no name team from who knows where ( UMBC ) on December 22 . Sounds like a fun night out . Let me know what's up ? 
So true story my mom is doing her first sermon at church tomorrow . Good luck mommy . 
Let me just say that I miss the days when you had a crush on a guy and he had a crush on you and you were like cool let's go see a movie ... now there's too much at stake ... oh to be 12 again 
Amen Snow day ... Praise God from whom ALL blessings flow !!! 
So Kora said to < PROPFIRST > \Don't mess with my Kina\ " ... I LOVE IT !!! " 
Had a fun day at the mall with Kora !!!! 
I got a callback for Ragtime !!!! Pretty cool ;) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > The < PROPFEMALE > beat the puppies today in what can only be referred to as an inevitable victory . Better luck next time . 
Kora and i just got up from our nap .... why is this not my life ? 
Kora : G-ma I want candy\ 
Mom : I'd get you some but I don't have any money\ 
Kora : < PROPFEMALE > does !!!! \ 
So apparently I'm rollin in it ;) 
So I'm thinking this will be the year of reckless abandon ... still thinking 
Praise Fellowship SDA church all Sabbath services canceled 
Just scheduled my super awesome Spa day for Friday !!!! So excited about my birthday weekend !!! 
Thank you to eveyone for the birthday wishes . The fun continues tomorrow with my special spa day in Indy ;) 
Had a great time in Indy at the spa day and then dinner with family . So glad to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > LeSure < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > LeSure < PROPFIRST > , Lennox , and < PROPMALE > !!! Thanks guys for helping me have a great birthday . ;) 
Amen Patriots lose !!! 
I think I may have overdone it at the gym today ... we'll find out for sure tomorrow . 
Just got invited to go to a super cool conference on student motivation by my boss !!! Nice ;) 
Happy Birthday to my dad and his birthday buddies < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Arnett 
Pray for me guys !!! This GRE is about to kick my butt 
Wanting to go see a movie tomorrow but not sure whose free ... 
Went for a walk outside today ... chilly buy refreshing 
Meeting with Indiana Conference Superintendent of Education on Thursday ! Pray for me yall . :) 
