Happy New Year to all YAY its a brand new start 

Oh my goodness I'm so glad to see all these people I haven't seen in forever !! 
enjoying the last day of the weekend 
It's Friday Woo-Hoo ready for a drink ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s I'm yo senorita 
Basketball game canceled so just shoppin today maybe grab a brewsky while were out 
Black < PROPFEMALE > ... If You Please 
OMG what a weekend think I wanna try to keep the rest of the week chill before I come at somebody like a spider monkey 
gettin crunk in this beeeotch 
I'm all jacked up on Mtn Dew ... 
YAY !!! LIl < PROPMALE > on Friday !!! 
work til 5 then straight to < PROPFEMALE > yay 
I dropped my phone in a cup of water .. Woops .. so now it's chillin in a bag of rice ..... Awesome 
YAY RiCe !! 
I am the reigning beer pong champ !!! 
Hold on we're half way there .. Livin on a prayer Take my hand and we'll make it I swear ... 
If this were pakistan somebody's hand would be chopped off !! 
It's funny how much trouble one lil skirt can keep you out of .... or get you into 
oh how do I always get myself into such ass backwards situations .. Oh well yay life lessons 
He changed the color on my mood ring ..... 
Goin to tha Beach for a couple days while awaiting a decision .. 
And another one bites tha dust ... Oh well 
gotta love the small town bullshit .. oh well .. I've given up and sayin hellur to my lil friend .. How you durin Mr. Cuervo come to mama 
Don't chase .. just replace LOL :D 
That's why I love tha Panthers ... Get Em Boys 
Takin my time just movin on ... you'll forget about me after I've been gone ... 
So last night yea ... Bar Brawl Starring Me and this big ass bouncer im sure it was funny as hell from the outside lookin in I got some nice punches in and a straight kick to the nads with my heels on haha .. Much Love to Heddy and < PROPMALE > for havin my back .. anyway so the bouncer ended up bleedin hahaha bitch ass 
Happy Halloween 
Ridin through tha city lookin pretty as tha usual ... 
Ready for this week to be over 
thai food rocks so suck it heddy n < PROPMALE > 
Ready to see tha sexy man ...... ;) I've waited so long its about that time 
damn went out last night to find Mr. Cuervo and ended up with Mr. Dickel and then tha bastard made me lose my keys 
CAN'T TOUCH THIS !!!! DUH NA NA NA DUH NA NA NA 
Damn that snickering dog 
Happy Thanksgivin to all yall jive turkeys :) 
Blue 42 .. Rover Sit .. Hut Hut 
Clumsy Day Damnit 
It's a Beautiful day in the neighborhood I'm about to grab my sweater an get my Mr. Rogers on 
I have the most wonderful sister in the world !!! I love her sooo much !!! I have the best family ever !!! I am sooooo freakin lucky !!!! 
This is the reason you remember to push the logout button but yees shilshta i lurv u 
AAAAAHHHHHH 
But I Love Smiling , Smiling's my Favorite :D 
I LOVE SNOW !!! Finally some in LA 
Yay its almost 2010 happy to see this one over and another one beginning although lookin at the date makes me feel older then molasses 
Spacklin 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% repost this message . 
He thinks my spacklin sexy it really turns him on , he's always starin at me while I putty along ... My new spacklin song I didn't have any music 
Din with the shilshta 
Why don't they make a beeper for your phone charger ? 
Boone for the weekend < PROPFEMALE>'s comin to town .. 
Sandin the walls and paintin the ceiling this should be eventful 
I did the Macarena with a smurf at the dinner table because I'm a Ninja ! ( Don't ask bc I won't tell ) 
Goin to Boone tonight < PROPFEMALE > Ledford's playin at flipside holla at the cell if your goin 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Ledford had a blast with em although I've got to say that my sprinkler was the best ! 
Tacklin the ceilin's today buddy .. and if any we can then maybe gonna primer the walls but who knows I've never tried to paint a ceilin before gotta find some goggles 
Ceilin down primer today and 2nd coats to whatever needs it then off to Lowe's tomorrow for a lil fixer upper eye < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Goin to check out some handy men at ze Lowe's 
high off paint fumes shower time and then ready for a beer 
Tougher then a Lion aint no need in tryin .. 
went sleddin last night .. ran into a tree caught some air landed right on a log bruised my ass then walked back up the hill only to be attacked and have my face shoved in the snow and my nose bloodied wooo .. time for round 2 
Is now sick after a super long week .. I think thats karmas way of tellin me to chill for a bit 
gettin ready to go thinkin about headin up to lazy dog 
Ok I LOVE tha Saints but I LOVE my Colts so I gotta say go get em Payton !!!!! Very Sorry < PROPMALE > ! 
Had a sad night last night and just progressively got worse ... but alcohol washed some tears away and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > helped alot 
Goin to grab a late lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and then off to run some errands 
Hky 
what a month 
phone has gone crazy apparently when people call they can hear me but I can't hear anything .. Just sounds like an easy way to get in trouble so gotta go to hky but doubt they can do anything because I dropped it in water a while back 
Well within the past month I've broken my camera and my phone apparently I'm technology challenged 
Goin to hicko-ray tonight 
One Love , One Heart 
Goin to watch < PROPFEMALE > tonight finally Ive been waitin on my date with Mr. Depp for awhile 
tanin and walkin then off to the library 
???? ???? op u ?? ? ???? ? ool 
Wow how funny .. I love MC Hammer Can't Touch This and it has came on everywhere I have been and then on the radio on the way there .. crackin me up but its awesome I never get enough of that song 
Boone tonight 
I had a blast for St. Patricks day and saw so many random yet awesome people ... But my head is still freakin hurtin ... green beer 
Is so very sorry to hear such terrible news my heart and prayers go to those hurting in such sad times I am praying for ya'll in Ashe .. God Bless 
Rebel Music to get you ready for that revolution 
Oh my gosh I love pretty weather and I am so ready to hit a water hole somewhere yay sunshine 
Omg .. tryin to recover from last night what a freakin night sheesh the things that I can get into .. 
So started my new job yesterday worked from 12 to 4 went out to the car put on my flip flops and drank from 4 to 9:30 haha diggin the new job .. 
Gotta work a double tomorrow Boo .. but gonna make some mu-lah and then off til sunday afternoon bring on the weekend !! 
So dealin with another broken phone this makes like the umm 4th phone in about 3 weeks .. oh joy 
( 814 ): All I wanna do is sit in water and get drunk . The only thing more American is giving birth to eagles . 
Gotta close tonight and open in the mornin boo .... but when I get off tomorrow don't have to come back til saturday afternoon ... Hellur River 
Chillin in the mtns with Becks and < PROPFEMALE > til I gotta go to work 
Tougher then a lion aint no need in tryin 
Lovin my getaway exactly what I needed not excited about goin back to work though .. 
To the gym and off to see some friends 
Off to work $2 < PROPFEMALE > day come and see me .. but remember to tip well ;D 
Off today and tomorrow time to be productive 
Mellow Mushroom con mi amiga and her bambina 
Gettin my fro conquered .. It's time for a trim and a lil color 
Alright well I tried ... 
Off to the river with my homies 
Sheesh what a month so far I've gotten some good news and some bad don't know what to think about some of these things but God will make a way 
This is why I'm cold ... 
BBQ , roll a few , and throw up the deuce and if theres beef put the peace down and throw up your dukes .. It's time to change our ways so we can save the day 
Got shit on by a bird yesterday while layin out in the sun been a lil gunshy every time one goes by damn rats of the sky 
Happy Fathers Day to my Daddy & hearts ; u dad .. and to all my homies with bebes of their own hope ya'll have a great fathers day 
To the River & hearts ; 
Had a blast at the river but had a \graceful\ " moment or 5 hehe .. my bum is pretty sore right now but thank you to my dear friends who decided to laugh rather then help me up very sweet guys " 
Slowly headed fora breakdown ... 
Just gotta follow up call from the po po ab a robbery I witnessed a cpl months ago .. the first part of the convo was kinda funny I thought it was some of my friends playin a joke haha awkward ... 
Goin to an Arts and wine Fest downtown and then to hear < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > play at the Alibi @ 7:30 
Birds the word 
goin to see my mtn loves ... 
& hearts ; my homies 
Whatchin turkey babies hatch about to go kyaking :D 
Jeez I forgot how much I've missed these kids .. 
Missin bullets .. 
Damn thirsty thursday .. I had a contact fall out while driving when I had no solution or any glasses , and my eyesight is terrible so I just drove home from hky with one eye closed , I half way broke my phone , lost my ciggs , and twisted my ankle .. but it was a pretty fun night haha 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ? Thats alright because I like the way it hurts ... Just gonna stand there and hear me cry ? Well thats alright because I love the way you lie .... 
F U creepy pop up adds on the right side of my home < PROPFEMALE > 
Stupid Sluberina has my phone til I can get it from him so ... 
What a night .. Got drunk and was tryin to babysit other drunkards , lost my phone again , lost my shoes , got cussed out by everybodys hubbys and woke up with a mysterious gash across my foot that may or may not have glass in it ... 
My foot hurts , lost my last pair of contacts and broke my glasses , but i found my phone .. 
Is tryin to organize a field , bonfire , slip n slide , cookout , campout party .. 
Thank you lovies for the birthday wishes & hearts ; ya'll 
Ahhhhhhhh 
Hate cleaning 
187 ... I & hearts ; your face I appreciate you bein there you rock even though we've always been pretty good at gettin in trouble I know your a good kid and a good dad keep it real pimpin and stay in touch 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!! I KNOW HIM ! I KNOW HIM !! 
Jeez ready to start off a fresh year 
Has had a headache since Christmas and can't get rid of it what to do ? 
im a skully wagg 
Haha Don't leave your profile open ever !!!!!! 
I think my honda was made for the snow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts ? Oh no I sell em for a dollar 
' For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son , so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life . ' < PROPFIRST > 3:16 
Bad week .. Time to go cheer myself up 
Status .. Heartbroken and in desperate need of a big hug .. 
You don't know me and you don't even care\ 
You don't know me and you don't wear my chains 
Had a lot of fun yellin green and yellow at everyone last night even though a few distressed steeler fans looked like they wanted to beat me hahaha .. 
Jeez .. Really ? 
I don't like the new fb pic thing .. 
Still feel like crap ! ugh .. 
Haven't gotten sick all winter and then gotta stomach flu then scratch throat and an ear ache within a week what are the odds of that one ? 
Stupid \smart\ " phone !!! It just up and decided to erase ALL the contacts in my phone so sorry lovies if you haven't heard from me no < PROPFIRST > but send me your < PROPFIRST > so I can slowly but surely put them back into my phone ! & hearts ; " 
