So since my account got hacked i redid my facebook i actually like my new facebook more pictures and its better :)) 

Had a break from school today trying to add all my friends from my other facebook \ 
Thats gonna take forever 
Everyone is talking bout having such a bad week but ive had a great week . \ 
idk what it is normally my week sucks but this week was awesome happy and calm :) 
Church was great ................ have a small headache but other then that nothing much \ 
i feel like tlking to a random person like someone i dont know you know ? hahahaha whtever . :D 
Tired but in a good mood you know we need to be friends with everyone even if they arent \kool\ " or if they are different from u i watched a movie last night and a guy killed himself b/c people sucked just think bout how others would feel if u were their friend and was ther ............... some people need u even if they dont act like it " 
:)))))) we all go back to school tommorrow .............. think bout what i said b4 everyone needs a friend just b/c a person isnt in ur click doesnt mean their not cool you cud be saving them from suicide or cutting or running away you really cud so just try to be friends with the kid sitting alone and dont be mean or tease them but be their friend 
In a good mood .......... Really happy but got some stuff on my mind and its just really stressful ........ it has nothing to do with my friends or family but its about my really dad and to be honest how i really want to live with him so that i can get to know him 
In a good mood tlked to someone special today and happy about it \ 
no it wasnt a crush or anything but my dad my own father ( real on ) and my aunt B :) 
I just want that guy who stares at me with that spark in his eye . That guy who i know i like with no doubt that guy who likes me even if he doesnt know me that guy who will love me someday or at least has the possibility to love me i just want him 
If i died tonight wht would you do ? :'( what would you say and would you even care ? 
I had a huge crush on this guy at my old school and i didnt think he liked me then my friend says he liked me which makes me mad b/c ive moved . so should i even try a long distance relationship or move on ????? 
Swimming was fun had a great practice first meet it 11/22 all yall should come :) at the hospital my bro broke his < PROPFEMALE > and today is his birthday :p what luck tht is 
Cant wait till monday i just wanna be back in the water ya know i love swimming 
Miss all my buddies from Western Harnett :( wish i could see yall 
Exhausted im gonna go to bed before i regret my lose of more sleep at practice monday ...... did u know i hate tacos \ 
* Jessie : pRose * 
sunshine hitting u n the < PROPFEMALE > coldness is amazing speacilly when u just woke up :))) 
i lov it when some1 reads ur status and then texts u but u dnt no them then u get 2 no them an they become ur bf/bff hahaha i just lov randomness :p .... text me < PROPFIRST > on the profile !!! some1 said i was wild but also sweet sometimes i lik tht description :D alot ..... I hav to agree w/ the wildness :p and yah i can b sweet sometimes ;) depends on who u r :) TEXT ME Babes !!! 
Just watched Letters to < PROPFEMALE > I wish I could find that person ...... I wish that I could find that one guy you know :) 
swimming was amazing ....... it gets harder everyday but i still love it !!!........ might go to church tonight and just thinking bout someone :) 
Just woke up ive got practice at one thirty at the ymca today . cant wait ..... i lov the pool :))) 
Going to the ymca ...... everytime i say tht i feel the need to do the dance ..... whatever hahaha in a great mood !!!! nice < PROPFEMALE > day .... i lov it swimming n 30 mins cnt wait :D 
What hurts the most is knowing the person u thought might be different from the rest proves u wrong ...... instead of just telling me he tells everyone else ..... i didnt know tht i was fat and ugly nice to know now ! :) the least he cud hav done was message me on fb its not gonna upset me i just wud hav said oky thnx and been done w/it whtever no1 has any consideration for others maybe im just 2 nice 
Exhausted ..... all i wanna do is get back into the water .... im addicted thts all i wnt is to be in the water to get away from everything 
ever notice how stuff always seems to work out when you just dont think about it .............. hahaha just dont think about it whatever it is 
Im in a great mood I love my cousins bed ..... okay im at my cousins house and im spending the night well hes 7 so he doesnt understand that his bed is contradicting hes got unc sheets and a state quilt .... i love it b/c the quilt over powers the sheets and i love WOLFPACK !!! 
Woke up went to starbucks then got a < PROPFEMALE > bun ( real < PROPFEMALE > bun ) then got home ..... i miss going to starbucks every morning ................ I miss living in raliegh and lillington ................ Oh well i miss alot of things but i guess i have to move on : l 
On facebook with my cousins iPad this things so cool !!!!!! Anyways cnt wait for skull tomorrow ..... more like cnt wait for swimming practice hahahaha 
hahahahahahaha :)))))) Im so happy !!!! 
Back , mucles , arms , and legs are n so much pain ...... swimming so harsh but amazing !! wish he wud txt me :/ whtever i learned today tht im a natural backstroker !!! :))) im so happy n a painful way :D 
Im so tired ...... been up since 6 am ive got skool today ..... yeah on a saturday ! but whtever its fun then ima try to make it to my friends birthday party ...... why do guys give mixed signals girls r not like tht :) 
Im so sore but im doing backstroke monday for the meet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im so sick and tired of keeping my crush a secret and its lik not really a secret but to me he doesnt know or maybe he does 
Chuckie Chesse got robbed a couple days ago i remembered from the news ..... Who the HELL robs a chuckie chesse ???? R U tht pathetic ? 
Swimming meet tommorrow wish me luck !!! hahaha im going crazy i promise u i am 
The hoildays brings out the happiest side n me i just love it :))) everyone just seems so happy :) HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE :) 
Swimming met on MONDAY at the ymca ............ Cant wait need to get my fone fixed i want the moterola IL though :) 
? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ? Do it for all of us ! Miss you My Friend !!! 
At the family Christmas party in a good mood kinda whatever I dnt care I've been out of it all month ugh ....... \ 
Just smile and act like everything is oky 
:))) In a good mood .............. actually im in a careless mood ............ I just dont care about anything anymore as far as my secrets 
I get depressed everyday even more ............ even at my grandmas house im just so ugh !!! I struggling with my thoughts and feelings i feel trapped in my own head 
Off to bed ............ hahaha im lying gonna go watch some tv its only 5:14 am :)))) 
According to my color bling mother eminem is black ................ Wow didnt know that one 
Havnt slept all night hahaha in a great mood just been watching tv and drinking coke :))) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! :)) 
Watched the A-team and Easy A they were both great loved the shooting and easy A is just like a movie of our school except its a movie\ 
:)) 
This is like a week that i havnt gone to bed before 4 in the morning im deprived of sleep but i cant ever sleep that long ............ maybe its just cause of the hoildays 
Happiness is hard to find within you sometimes .... sometimes theres nothing but hatered there so my question is how do you fight it ? 
I dont want snow .... I want to go to school tommorrow ..... Im waiting to see how everything plays out 
So socceer or track this spring ??? cant figure out which one i should do ......... anyone wanna help me out :)) 
Im trying to figure out wht to say on my status but i cant figure it out theres nothing there ........ I want my cell phone fixed 
Oh Let it Snow Let it Snow Let it Snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hope everyone knows that tommorrow we will probablly have to go to school tommorrow but im kinda excited boredom can be very annoying and sometimes you just need to go to school :) 
horrible headache .... got this thingy at the fire house tonight .... I truly dont wanna go Im so lonly there and its nothing lik when im at school .... Its almost like swimming You just get this intense feeling that your alone there no matter how hard you true to be happy :( 
horrible headache .... got this thingy at the fire house tonight .... I truly dont wanna go Im so lonly there and its nothing lik when im at school .... Its almost like swim practice You just get this intense feeling that your alone there no matter how hard you truly try to be happy then you just put on a fake small and try to ignore it :( 
you can love this all you want because we r coming after you and then youll be hateing this :) 
Coffeeeeeeeeee .......... then a water and now i have to peeeeeeeeeeee ............. at school on a saturday because the guy that i like ditched me on a concert and so tired of the freakin games im starting to just give up :/ < PROPFIRST > STOP WRITING ON MY WALL YOU BUTTHOLE !!!! LOL JK 
Everythings gonna be okay ...... Bhumi and < PROPFEMALE > I love ya and ill be back I promise This girl isnt gonna break me down or you !!! Shell get whats coming for her because Gods WATCHING 
True friends arent myths you just have to search really bad and when the worst come the people left standing beside you are you TRUE FRIENDS 
Hope everyone liked my letters i wrote to the people who deserved it nanny yours is coming my lovely :))) LOve YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At upward bound then going to < PROPFEMALE > lanes house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EXCITEDDDD :))) though i need some sleep 
Here with MISS AMBER !!! \ 
Shes gonna teach me to BOXXXX and take money from water fountains in the mall ! YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN Go < PROPFIRST > I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I decided on a life plannn .............. Were gonna be college roomates who eat poptarts and popcorn because neither one of us wants to cook . 
somethings you find that you regret , and you just sit back and think maybe this all has gone too far ! \ 
i wish everything was just back to normal , what if i have hurt your life , i feel terrible ! \ 
anywayyyyy , i had a greeeaat weekend : * shooping * new memories * new friendships * laughs ! (: \ 
ahhhh ahhhmazzing ! ( : 
Boys are so unpredictable .... I bet they think the same about us girlsss ...... I MISS FORBUSH but im doing okay at YSA ... I can do it ! im too stubborn and strongwilled to no get out of there !!! :) p.s Ive got a huge crush on these boy ... :)))))) 
At upward bound ...... ughhhhhh i cant wait til tonight !!! I love ya < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! MISS YA 
You asked me What was wrong and I smiled and said Nothing Then i turned around and wispered Everything 
My Birthday is gonna suck this year ... every time i think bout it I wanna cry .... I hate my birthday with a passion 
I hate rude people .... specially when you go to the yadkin liberary and the people who work there are bitches ... :) 
Someday everything will make perfect sense so for now laugh at the confusion , smile through the tears , and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason :)) 
Dance as though no one is watching you Love as though you have never been hurt before Sing as though no one can hear you Live as though heaven is on earth 
Do what makes you happy Be with who makes you smile Laugh as much as you breathe Love as long as you live :) 
I have never been shy but around him I am shy ..... 
Thanks everyone for the Happy birthdays My birthday was great !!!! Im fifteen but honestly I still call my mom mommy so ill never grow up :))) 
No sleep this weekkkk Just cleaning in the middle of the night for no reason ..... I have no idea why just this thing i have to do . :)) 
My freaking birthday cake is gone and its only been in the house for bout a day .... dude it was greattt !! 
Why is he so freaking shy around me .... just talk to me make a conversation please !!!!!!!!! :) 
I like who I am ! Ill always like who I am ... girls and boys can say all they want but I am who I am and I love it .... So dont be insecure but love who you are because its you and God gave you that ability to be who you want to be 
Happy April Fools everybody !!! Hope everyone had fun !! :))) 
Everyone wake up !!!!!!!!!!!! Stop complaining today is a gift !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
I got the magic in me everytime I touch that track it turns into gold !!! :) 
Sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me !!!!! :)) 
Best weekend I've had in a long time ...... Gonna miss my little cousin but were gonna see each other spring break so IM HAPPY :))) 
