A glass of wine a long bubble bath for this tired body and a quiet evening . 

Treasure your relationships , not your possessions . - < PROPFIRST > J . D'Angelo 
It is not a lack of love , but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages . 
would like mornings better , if they started later . 
Live , Laugh and Love . 
It's what u learn after u know it all , that counts . ~ < PROPMALE > Trueman 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn . Yeah , it does . ~ Poison 
A day I can sleep in and I wake up early , go figure . 
is eating chocolate .... yummy . 
You block your dream when you allow your fear to become bigger then your faith . 
Thanks to my brother , father & uncle's for fighting for this great country . A special thanks to uncle < PROPFIRST > , my grandfather's-rest is peace . You will never be forgotten . To my fellow Navy service members who are deployed - you are in my prayers . I wish you a safe return . I salute you . Thank you to all the 5th & 10th group special forces and 82nd ARBN familes , you were my support during deployments . 
I think it is going to snow in Florida .... I just decided to quit smoking right now . 
wants to thank everyone for their support for deciding to quit smoking . It means so much to me !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ( my poodle ) just had her first puppy !!! Yippy ! 
Has a load of card < PROPFEMALE > , gum , lollipops & fudge pops to help the ciggarette craving . Wandering if stopping smoking is worth gaining weight . 
Be beautiful if you can , Wise if you want to ... But be respected-that is essential 
is wandering why the hell did I just wake up . 
A good friend is like a computer . She enters your life , saves you in her heart , formats your problems , shifts you to opportunities and never deletes you from her memory . 
\The most profound statements are often said in silence\ " \ 
is taking little < PROPFEMALE > out for a walk . 
Join my mob ! http://apps.facebook.com/mobwars/mob/do.php?join_id=1181873633 
realizes that coffee just isn't enough today ... Anyone have jumper cables I can borrow ? 
i think that people should come with warning labels . Like \Warning I'm an idiot and can cause severe irritation . \ " That would help out so much . " 
damn my magic wand is broken !!! Looks like I have to do all the housework now : ( 
WARNING : I cannot be held responsible for the things I say or do before the caffeine has fully made it to my blood stream . 
wonders how many cups of coffee constitutes breakfast ? 
Money talks . Trouble is , mine knows only one word : ' Goodbye . ' 
wishes instead of poking there was slap option . 
It's a flippin miracle , for once I have nothing to say . A short lived moment , I'm sure . 
... If you truly want to be with someone no time is too long and no distance is too far . 
would like a triple Valium mocha latte , easy on the crazy today . 
once in a while someone comes along and makes you smile and forget the ones who make you frown 
Chillin at the pool . Holy crap , it's blazing hot . 
I'm a bitch , I'm a lover , I'm a child , I'm a mother , I'm a sinner , I'm a saint and I do not feel ashamed :) 
is highly allergic to bullshit n lies ! 
Don't think the problem is talking to much . Think there is a problem when I'm quiet 
is going to go do some much needed stress release . In a few hours I will be oceanside sipping something ( strong I hope ) . Girls night out ... woo hoo . 
having an awesome time . 
Sometimes things fall apart , just so other things can fall together . But in the end , what's meant to be will always find its way . -Anonymous 
Is thinking I was born to have a maid , not be one what the \HELL\ " went wrong " 
Is in a state on confusion , doesn't really know what to think . 
Needs 2 add a shot of stress b gone in the coffee , light on the ignore me today and extra bitch be gone cream .. 
Zzzzzzzzz 
aww ... coffee , palm trees & smelling Florida's morning air . 
Is at my brothers house hangin by the pool . 98 DEGREES . 
Time for this gal to escape to dreamland . 
Thinks her guardian angel has bi bolar . 
is hoping my wonder woman laso is working tomorrow ! 
Is just peachy now .... 
Has decided to go escape to dreamland 
has had her coffee and is now approachable ... 
Time for a nap 
Is thinking .... 
Wishes all the Dad's out there a wonderful Father's Day . 
Say what you mean and mean what you say or say nothing at all . Words to live by . 
Doesn't know how to act . It's quite , the kids are gone .... missing my boys . 
Don't think hard times is always bad . You learn and it makes you a better person in the long run . You may not understand it all the time but trust in God . Sometimes you have to go through pain in order to find the < PROPFEMALE > . Losing something or someone can be a hidden blessing . In order for something or someone more special to come in your life . God always redirects u .. we just need to listen . 
Luckily , I have a sense of humor , a little wiser and my flip into bitch mode is slower to activate ... don't make me bust out my ninja mode .. waaa haaa 
is debating .... will it be halo or horns today , hummmm ? 
Run when you can , walk when you have to , crawl if you must ; just never give up . 
I might not be the most beautiful person to some or have the perfect body as some ... I might not be the 1st choice but I am a GREAT choice , I don't pretend to be someone else because I am TOO good at being ME , I might not be proud of some of the things I've done but I am proud of who I am today , Take me as I am , or watch ... me as I go ! Post this as your status if you love living your life & being you ~ 
Thanks so much for all the wonderful happy birthdays's!! It made my day . 
You can't change the world by saving one animal , but for that one animal , you change it's world . 
My greatest accomplishments in life call me \MOM\ " :o ) " 
Three things I can't stand from people :\ 
Stupidity , Lack of Respect , \ 
and\ 
Hearing them eat !!! 
needs a shot of whatever that damn < PROPFEMALE > takes to keep going and going and going 
Listening to a tropical thunderstorm . Aww .. love it . 
Nothing like waking up at 3:30 am with an terrible tummy ache . Oh well , I'm up now ... yippie . 
Note to self . Tolorance level zero . Stay away from smartass , rude and arrogant people . My halo is being repaired ... lol 
Some people aren't who they seem and true colors always surfaces sooner or later . Thank u Lord for blessing me with a awesome family is always always there for love and support when I need it . 
I had a nice half summer break from work/school . Nice while it lasted .. lol . 
Sometimes , you find Mr. Smartass , Mr. Dumbass , Mr. Cheapass , Mr. Little Wee Wee , Mr. Lazy ass to find Mr. Right . Sometimes , you can be so lucky to find Mr. F***up 1st ~ oh this one is all of the above . LoL . 
What's the difference between animals and people ? The difference is that animals don't abuse people . 
our outward appearances are chosen by nature . our inward appearances are decided by us ... choose to be beautiful :) . 
Watch ur thoughts ~ they bcum ur words . Watch ur words ~ they bcum ur actions . Watch ur actions ~ they bcum ur character . Watch ur character ~ it bcumz ur < PROPFEMALE > 
thinks there's a lot people out there that deserve to have < PROPMALE > Engvall walk up to them and say\ 
\Here's Your Sign \"!!" 
How cool would it be if they had an Ice Cream Truck for Adults ?? Ya know , The kind that serves Frozen Daiquiris and Margaritas ?? 
\Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Swindoll " 
wishes politicians had to wear shock collars that went off every time they told a lie . 
Have a wonderful b-day < PROPFEMALE > 
Sleepy time now 
Why is it when you press \1 for English\ " you can't understand the next person on the phone because of their accent . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Meyers says it like it is . Love it ! 
What a beautiful beach day . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > God Mother , \ 
I would like the rest of my life to be free of stress , drama , and anything i can't handle with grace , and a smile , thank you\ 
~ D . Desjarlais 
God < PROPMALE > me wisdom to know what to do , control to keep my cool , and the capacity to understand , cause if i pray for strength I'll rip their freaking head off 
I have met my quota for stupid people this year . I am no longer taking applications . Thank you . LOL 
Humm , who thinks its a bad sign when your partner all the sudden blocks u from viewing friends list . 
Life lesson #302 : Never ask the officer to hold your beer while you find your license and registration . 
Damn , bent a wing and dented my halo . 
' s get up and go just got up and left ! G'Night All ! 
the worst pain in your life is not labor pains , it watching your child in pain and not being able to make it go away . 
hmmmm what to say what to say ... nope i got nothing 
A wise man once told me : Time is our worst enemy because it is the one thing we cannot control . The only thing about time you can control is how you spend it . 
Awww , it's going to be a beautiful day ! 
\Great minds discuss ideas ; Average minds discuss activities ; Small minds discuss people . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Enjoy your trip . 
It costs nothing to tell the truth . Lying will cause you to lose everything . 
It's not what you do , it's how you do it that matters . Not what you say , it's how you say it that makes all the difference . 
Dealing with some people is like trying to nail jello to a wall . 
is off to dreamworld , where anyone I want will sweep me off my feet and Everything is perfect . If anyone bothers me , imma go ninja on em ' . Nitey Nite Pplz . |: ) 
Good Morning . I'll be with you momentarily . I'm waiting for the coffee IV drip to reach my brain ! 
I got a high tolerance for a lot of stuff .. Bullshit lies ain't one of ' em ! :-/ 
Ummm ... I'm in the mode for a chocolate sundae . Beautiful night to sit outside and relax with a refreshing treat . 
Sometimes theres is just magic in your childs smile :) 
Is planning a spring resort retreat 
It's better to do what is right then to do what you want . 
no longer has a need for Google .. I have a teenager who knows it all 
Some people are just so fake . The truth comes out one way or other . 
Your actions proves who you are . Words are meaningless when there's NO ACTIONS to follow . 
No worries ... you cant avoid or run from < PROPFEMALE > 
Wow , I just keep finding more and more BS out . How much BS can one person do ? 
If it doesn't give you peace you don't need it . 
Humm ... this is the time of year I miss Colorado . 
~ When your actions contradict your words , your actions will be what people go by no matter how hard you argue to the contrary ~ 
Is done waiting . Woo hoo !! 
Wonders why people think it is normal to go to the grocery store in their pajamas ? 
Getting ready for Christmas and lovin it !! 
Sometimes you just have to laugh it off the stupidity you see . 
Ignorance can be educated and crazy can be medicated , but there's no cure for stupid . :\\ 
It's freezing in Florida . WTH ..... BURRRR !! 
doesn't want a whole lot for Christmas - would be happy with either a < PROPFEMALE > godmother , a < PROPFEMALE > or a magic wand that works with any basic command . 
Always Remember , if Christmas isn't found in your heart , you won't find it under a tree . \\ 
Running on a treadmill is more healthy for you then running your mouth . 
Can you really pick when to be a father ? I just heard someone say they will focus on the baby at 6 months old . Really ?? 
An angel was being sent to Earth . God told him that an angel would watch over him . He asked the angels name and was told you will call her by another name , Mom . 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his famiy 
Having to wear hat , gloves and a scarf in Florida . It just isn't right .. lol 
no officer , I wasn't speeding . I was being time efficient 
It's so cold outside that teens at the mall are pulling their pants up ! 
Some people will have a long fall off their high horses oneday - just saying . 
To all the UNSELFISH MOMS out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & WOULDN'T CHANGE A THING . Lets see how many Moms can actually post this . Moms who ...... < PROPMALE>' T CARE about what they gave up ...... and instead , LOVE what they got in return ! Post this if you LOVE your LIFE as a Mom . 
... thinks that truth serum should be an over the counter drug .. there are some people who need to take it daily . lol 
Hmm .. I see Cracker < PROPFIRST>'s is giving out driver's licenses again .. 
Remember ... every thing in life is a Choice , and every Choice comes with a Consequence , whether good or bad ! Stop and think before you Choose your Consequence ! 
is having a temporary UGH !!! moment 
About to watch < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s , \A Christmas Carol\ " . I need a good laugh :)) " 
is thinking the greatest gift at Christmas is spending time with loved ones ... Priceless . 
LMAO ! 
My mother has been in surgery since 8:30 am . FB has been entertaining me , as I wait ! 
The things you can learn from fb . 
Advice to men , when women are angry be scared , when women are silent , you better change your identity and get a passport . 
Luckily , I was able to cancel delivery of a gift sent yesterday . 
WTH-who takes a funny status joke and makes it about them and make it personal on fb . Wow , really ??? 
Christmas gift suggestions : To your enemy , forgiveness . To an opponent , tolerance . To a friend , your heart . To a customer , service . To all , < PROPFEMALE > . To every child , a good example . To yourself , respect . \ \ 
is beginning to wonder if they have started dipping people in dumb dumb sauce or if their stupidity just comes naturally . 
Omg , people are insane out there right now ... wth . 
Christmas is almost here wooo hoooo !! 
The truth always come out . I think God steps in and says enough is enough and allows the truth to be exposed . Although it may hurt and you may wander why it happened to you . You have to see it as a blessing in disguise . It may not seem like it at the time . You never know , you could have been saved from much worse down the road . The best christmas gift to give them is the gift of forgiveness and let them go . 
What a Christmas this year !! Happy birthday Jesus . 
\We cannot change the cards we are dealt 
It takes less time to do a thing right , \ 
than it does to explain why you did it wrong 
A pessimist sees the glass as half empty . An optimist sees the glass as half full . A realist just finishes the damn thing and refills it . 
Don't wait for the \perfect\ " time to do what you want . \ " Perfect\ " doesn't exist . Do it now because tomorrow may be too late . " 
It's officially New Years < PROPFEMALE > . Woo Hoo ! Bring on 2011 . 
In order to succeed in life you need three things - a wish bone , a back bone and a funny bone . 
People who leave a trail of destruction create path of evidence that will bite them in the rear eventually . 
A person is only as good as their word . Intentions maybe well meant but if there not kept , then there nothing . Say what you mean and mean what you say ! Live it ! 
Success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts . \ 
\ 
~ Sir < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Spenser Churchill ~ 
If you are not completely open , honest and truthful with yourself , you never can be with others . 
Way to go Green Bay !! Oh yeah !! 
The worst part of Sunday is setting your alarm for Monday ! 
Remember , life is always gonna throw crap at you . You can either stand there and get covered in it , duck and move on , or pick it up and throw it back !!! 
Happiness is not given nor can be taken . It is a decision . 
