just chillin at my cuzins pad playing videogames online 

goin to play some call of duty online 
Hell Yeah !!! Tekken 6 Kicks ass !!! 
going to go get sum Bozo burgers and throw a munch . 
hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
Hell yeah its SNOWING like Crazy !!! 
Today Was AWESOME !!! Got the whole snowboarding crew together , Built a kicker , set up sum rails and TORE IT UP !!! 
goin to go snowboarding at the MTN tomorrow !!! can't wait ! 
SWEET its SNOWING AGAIN !!! 
checkin Email ... then goin to play some Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 !!! 
Hope you all have a Blessed < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
just recooperating from an AWESOME weekend full of SNOWBOARDING !!! 
wow ... pulled an all nighter playing Black ops online with my cuzin < PROPFIRST > . haha all those monster energy drinks kept us wired all night long ! lot of fun , lots of laughs , and a lot of funny kills ! not a bad way to bring in the new year !!! 
I am LOVING this SNOW !!! goin to bust out the shred stick and TEAR IT UP !!! 
Extremely Soar after an AWESOME tuesday at the MTN !!! 
Blessed with all of this SNOW !!! 
\I'm goin to need a paintbrush a bucket and ten pounds of salt .. < PROPMALE > get his pants\ " out cold is a KEWL movie " 
just hangin out in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > til tomorrow . got some job training to do . 
Recooperating after an awesome day of snowboarding !!! 
Very Tired after an awesome day of snowboarding . gotta rest up and go again tomorrow . 
Hell Yeah its snowing again !!! 
well another day in the office ... can't wait to snowboard again ... 
its Awesome to start off the day knowing that its snowing like crazy outside ! 
wonder how much ssnow we will get this time around . 
feeling swamped at work . 
Feeling Kinda Jittery . have a pack test in T minus 45 minutes . really nervous . haha 
Hmmm I wonder who is all goin to be in Cruces tonight ... Heading down there after work . so let me know OK 
Mondays SUCK !!! 
Kewl Its Snowing again !!! 
Kewl its friday !!! 
Had an AWESOME day at the mountain with my shread stick aka my snowboard . Hit up nothing but Powder in the trees . and a few jumps !!! 
Damn I woke up late ! I barely made it to work on time . haha 
well today I gotta go film out in the field . hopefully I get some good shots of the animals we need . 
Kewl we get the rest of the day off !!! Hope you all Have an awesome easter weekend !!! 
goin 2 play sum modern warfare 
wow I am Tired . pulled a 12 hr day today working on this film . i'll probably end up doing this all week ... 
I'm a real friggin Genius ... I managed to screw up another morning sunrise by forgetting to take off the auto focus on the friggin camera ! 
wow ... today just isn't my day ... I think I'm goin to go home the rest of the day and gather myself again ... 
up and ready for another long ass day at work again ! 
well off to a late start forgot my friggin Ipod so I ended Jammin out to my dads < PROPMALE > CD . haha < PROPMALE > ROCKS !!! 
Some random Dog followed me to work today ... then it saw its reflection on the glass door and scared its self ! haha 
The pen is Blue ... The pen is Blue ... The goddam pen is Blue ! 
Still here at work ... Doing some last minute touch ups for this film . then I gotta present it tomorrow at the Womens Wellness Conference at the Inn . 
today sucks ass ...... just lost my grandpa at 5 o'clock ..... 
well gotta be strong for the family ... tomorrow is goin to be a long day ... 
well gettin ready to go < PROPFEMALE > out and get my mind off things ! 
back in the office . hmmm what to do ... 
well goin to play sum MW2 on da xbox 
Damn just finished takin inventory of all the CDs/DVDs laying around in the office . takes the damn secretary we hired three weeks and counting to do what I did in just 1 day with an hour to spare . haha 
Kewl its Friday ! hope everyone has an AWESOME day today ! 
wow ... I've never seen my check pull a Hudini on just one < PROPMALE > ... haha 
well Can't sleep at the moment . just laid here in the dark for about 45 minutes ... maybe I should take sum nyquil and crash out that way ... 
slept pretty good last night . felling pretty good ! 
downloading Lion < PROPMALE > 2 for an interviewee's daughter so we can do an interview with the lady . haha 
Kewl I just scored an internship with Dreamworks !!! goin to help out on the Movie Cowboys and Aliens . haha 
hope you all have a happy hump day ! 
thinkin things through ... 
still tired ... need more sleep ... Man I feel like a zombie ... 
my phone is going to be off til tomorrow afternoon . if you need to get ahold of me then you should leave me a message here and I'll call you from my brothers phone . 
Damn don't you hate it when something so simple ends up being a bigger pain in the ass to deal with ?!? 
just here at work downloading sum tunes for my cuzin . 
Feelin pretty burnt out from this work week ... probably take half a day today and just lounge around ... 
damn can't sleep ... this sucks 
here at work feelin like a zombie . had an awesome weekend though ! 
up pretty early now am at work early . I'd say today is off to a good start ! 
damn Hump day already ... this week is flyin by ! 
just learned I was used ! haha oh well ... another lesson learned ! 
had the worst weekend in my entire life ... but I am glad its done and over with !!! now to move on with my life ! 
just chillin playin videogames to help pass the time . 
feelin extremely tired ... damn brother had a friggin party last night ........ 
well I got an hour and a half of nothing to do at work ... then I'm off to Almo to pay sum Bills . 
Had a Pretty Kewl weekend . now back to work ! 
Had an awesome lunch at Smokey B's with my Mom and my Lil but Big Brother aka Bundy . 
Kewl I start my internship with Dreamworks Today !!! Production Assistant is my job title !!! 
had a dream bout an old friend and her kid ... I guess I really miss them ... havent seen them in a long time .... 
Kewl Last night at work was AWESOME !!! I got to Meet < PROPMALE > Ford in Person !!! He is a Pretty Kewl Guy ! 
this internship is KEWL !!! met < PROPMALE > Ford and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! aka the new Bond !!! haha . Pretty Burnt out though from the night shots .. 
I just feel like saying \FUCK THE WORLD\ " today ! came home to a LOT of Bullshit that I don't need ... " 
Well feeling a lil better today ! gotta keep my head up and keep pressin on ! 
Damn it feels good to know I helped out a Bro I haven't seen in a while !!! 
Saturday .. what to do ?!? 
Goin to < PROPFEMALE > out with My Brothers and shoot sum Guns !!! 
had an awesome weekend . now to get through the work week 
just messin around at work ... tryin to make some posters in Apache for the Boss . Jammin to Iron Maiden on the Ipod making it look like I'm busy ! haha 
Watch out for them Dividend Riots today !!! 
Same Sex Marriage don't really bother me ... Just KEEP IT OUTTA THE CHURCH !!! 
\Don't listen to that guy ! he's tryin to lead you down the path of righteousness . I'm goin to lead you down the path that ROCKS !!! \ " haha " 
Hope you all had a good weekend ! I sure did ! Hopefully this week flys by so I can go to Mayhem in < PROPFIRST > ! 
T minus 56 hrs until we take off to Mayhem in < PROPFIRST > !!! 
there is nothing like Jamming out on the job ! haha 
This afternoon Im takeing of to < PROPFIRST > with a couple of Bros for Mayhem !!! ROAD TRIP !!! 
< PROPFIRST > was off the HOOK !!! Mayhem was KEWL !!! and Six Flags was AWESOME !!! all together a Kewl weekend !!! 
Thursty Thursday ... wish I was still in Cruces ... 
Bored outta my skull at work ! 
Hope everyone has a good work week ! 
went for a nice cruise up to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tower . filmed some AWESOME shots of Hawks and deer up there ! very Blessed to film what I did today ! 
well I'm stuck in the office today and theres not much to do ... I guess I'll wonder around the building for a while ... 
Happy hump Day !!! 
Kewl I get to chill out with my daughter after work !!! 
sometimes I think my older brother should get his head outta his ass and straighten up his life ... 
Happy Hump Day Peeps ! 
Bored outta my skull at work ... 1 hr to kill ... maybe I'll check out the Old Guys down in the < PROPMALE > room and see what chitter chatter they got goin on in apache . 
so whats everyones plans for the 3 day weekend ? 
Its kinda hard to work with people who try and turn something that is supposed to be simple into something extremely complicated ... 
Got ripped off by the damn coke machine this morning ... Allergies outta wack ... maybe I should take off a little early today ... 
Lost my old phone . haha . Don't worry I got a new one ! You should send me your digits as a message so I can text you my new number . 
The three day weekend was just what I needed ! < PROPMALE > out with the Bros fridaynight Saturday just chilled and lounged around all day , Sunday I checked out the gun show and bought some AK bullets , and Today I was at the shooting range with the Bros . 
Already Hump Day ! Hopefully the judge makes my brother get a job ... Hope you all have an awesome day today ! 
Kewl . just learned about a lot of apache recordings in the main offices . gotta go check it out !!! 
today is draggin by so slow ... gotta pick up my brother bundy and take him to get his truck ... 
well this weekend sucked ... my mom kicked bundy out of the house so his retarded ex girlfriend can stay there . and I got my truck takin away because I'm helping my brother . the retard is basically tearing our family apart . hopefully we can get enough signatures to have her banned from the reservation . 
here at work early , all drugged up on allergy medicine , hopefully today flies by !!! Hope you all have a good day today ! 
Kewl The inn finally ordered out new Macs ! so now I gotta set them up and we can start their film project !!! 
gonna walk to the store get some grub and then finish setting up these computers and downloading some software to them . 
Mmmm Oreos for breakfast .... haha 
up at 5 am this morning went out to film sum elk at < PROPMALE > . the roads were muddy so we ended up mud bogging our way out of there . haha < PROPMALE > is a pretty good driver in the mud !!! 
Had a good weekend . now to get back in the work mood and finish out the week . 
well I over slept . but it was ok because I still made it to work on time . now I gotta find out what time their lil ' shindig starts at the inn so I can film it for them . 
bored in the office not a whole lot to do today ... 
The Blessing feast last night was Kewl . We sang good and the Gahe Danced hard . I really missed the old man tho ... 
well goin out with the Bros tonight ! 
pretty laid back sunday having fun chilling wit my brother and his friends and playin Pool . kinda funny because I'm the only sober one among the bunch ! haha 
nice walk to work this morning ! I am ready for the work week ! 
C'MON BEARS !!! 
allergy meds are making me sleepy maybe I should get out and vote ... 
humpday already ! gotta take it one day at a time ! hope you all have an awesome day today ! 
today is goin by pretty fast ! had sum good tacos for lunch . goin to jam out to my Ipod to help the rest of the day pass by . 
kewl its Friday ! this week flew by ! Gotta take off at noon and take care of all my bills ! hope you all have an awesome day today ! 
Up before the sun came out runnin around gathering things so i can film for my cousin in the parade ... Hope everyone has a good day ! 
wow ... filming in the parade was AWESOME !!! haven't been on a skateboard in a long time I'm glad I still got it !!! gotta get a new board ! 
Hump Day ! 2 days til we take off to Oklahoma for the weekend ... hope you all have a good day ! 
all packed up and ready for the weekend ! Oklahoma here I come !!! 
made it to oklahoma ! I went to oklahoma twice and both times i got pulled over by the police ... I need to stop drivin over here ! Haha 
headin back to mescalero ! Hopefully we dont get lost like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! 
burnt out from the Oklahoma trip but it does feel good to be back home in this cool mountain air ! 
up early here at work . Happy Hump Day ! 
Wow ... Oklahoma Blows ! my ticket for not stopping at a stop sign is $255 ... oh well at least it is a payday week that way I can take care of it right away ... 
Kewl Its friday ! gotta take half a day and pay my bills and fines ! haha Hope you all have a Good day today ! 
Back a work again . its goin to be a busy day today . gotta put the stuff < PROPFIRST > and I filmed last week and the Miss Mescalero Pageant on DVD . 
sittin here tryin to figure out how to use this new program ... 
I want to go home but I can't at the moment . gotta teach some teachers how to use a video camera 
Happy Hump Day ! Hopefully today flies by ! 
Well a rat bastard stopped by the office and ruined my morning ... lets see if today gets any better ... 
Up super early today ! got a < PROPMALE > to record the awesome color in the clouds this morning ! Plus it SNOWED on the Mtn last night !!! 
Well my uncle helped me get a new car today ! Pretty stoked about it ! 
Well gotta head to Cruces , around 10 , to fill out the last of the paper work for the new ride ! I hate < PROPFEMALE > days ... 
Chilin watchin < PROPFIRST > Powers movies all afternoon ! haha . Almost forgot how crazy these movies are ! 
Hump day Already ! Hope everyone has a good day ! 
Thank You LORD for Blessing me with FRIENDS and FAMILY that are helping me get through this madness I am going through at the moment ! 
Kewl Beans !!! Today is an AWESOME day !!! 
Hump Day ! its going to be a busy day today ! I have a lot of stuff to record ! hope everyone has a good day today ! 
just chillin with my nephew playin Halo 3 online ! haha almost forgot how fun this game is ! 
This weekend was AWESOME !!! Got to see my God Parents in Capitan , Played videogames with my nephew and my brother . now gotta get back into the work mode and finish filming this video for the inn ! 
Kewl ... I'm goin to be playin COD : Black Ops in a few hours on my 360 ! 
well goin to call it a night now ! if you are goin out be safe and < PROPMALE > drink and drive !!! 
hmmm ... 
Hell Yeah ... STEELERS GOT THEIR ASSES HANDED TO THEM !!! this night just keeps gettin better and better ! haha 
The day seems to be on slo-mo now ... 
woo-hoo ... Hump day ! Hope everyone has an awesome day today ! 
well today was an interesting day ... got a flat from a friggin screw , tried to plug it myself and it didn't work so I took the tire to my uncle only to find out that I added 2 more holes to the hole I already had from the screw ... sometimes I'm a Real Genius ... 
Finally recooperated from an awesome night wit my brothers ! Gotta film a few songs at this wedding dance and go home and catch up on some much needed sleep ! Haha 
Monday back at work ... the next 2 days are going to be extremely busy for me ... I really have to try and finish filming what we need before turkeyday ... 
well I gotta cram 2 weeks of work into 2 days ... Hopefully I can finish this before 4:30 tomorrow . then maybe I'll take some time off and relax a lil ... 
4:30 ... wish I could go home now but I gotta keep pluggin away on some sound files for this movie for the inn ... 
looks like I'm goin to be workin late again tonight ... 
WOOO HOOO !!! Finally Finished with a rough cut ... not finished yet still gotta make some minor adjustments ! 
sometimes I amaze myself ! goin to take half a day so I don't burn myself out on this project . 
woo hoo ! My chiefs beat < PROPMALE > !!! 
Stuck on this stupid narrative about the Settlers invading apache country ... can't think of what Images to put there ... 
AAAAAHHHH !!! another friggin set back .... gotta stay calm and get this friggin thing done ......... 
well ... today is off to a crappy day ... gotta take off early and deal with all this BS ... 
hopefully the council doesn't shoot down this video for the inn ... I busted my chops just to finish it by today ... 
Making some final changes before we present this video to the inn . 
Well just about ready to take off for the weekend ! have a lot of things to do this afternoon . 
hope everyone had an awesome weekend ! hopefully this work week flies by . 
Isn't it funny how elders are like little kids when they learn how to do something new on the computer ! haha 
Well today is the day ! hopefully this dvd gets approved by the inn , that way I do not have to work on it anymore ... 
the work day is almost done ... 20 more minutes ... seems like forever ... 
Humpday ! hopefully the rest of the week will fly by ! 
2 1/2 hr meeting to start the day ... hopefully the rest of the day flies by ! 
Kewl get to take off from work at noon ! 
this week is off to a very slow start ... hope everyone has a good day ! 
Blah ! that is all ... 
Hope everyone had an awesome weekend ! I sure did ! gotta finish out this 4 day work week ... 
Almost lunch time !!! Probably order from old road ! 
very slow day today ... 
Kewl I get to take the day off tomorrow so I can spend the day with my lil daughter < PROPFEMALE > !!! Really Stoked !!! 
Well I never thought I would be playing with < PROPFEMALE > dolls at the age of 26 ... but hey my daughter needed someone to play with today ! 
Ready to take on this work week ! Hope everyone had an awesome weekend ! and no cell phone for me til friday so if you need to get ahold of me ... just leave me a message on here ! 
Its actually nice with out the cell phone . 
First Humpday of the year ... 2 more days til total madness haha 
Phone is back on . now gotta finish out this day at work . 
I am ready for the weekend ! Hope everyone has a good one !!! 
Ready to take on the 4 day work week ! 
The new family guy is AWESOME ! haha 
Getting things ready to go back to school in the fall and finish what I started . 
hump day ... hopefully today flies by ! 
Well I came to work early today and saw that someone had broken into one of our offices here at work ... Crazy people ... didn't they see the security camera in the hallway . haha 
Hope everyone had a great 4 day weekend ! gotta make it through the rest of the week ! 
puzzled about last weeks break in ... I figure the guy uses computers because he took alot of external hard drives and speakers ... but I wonder why he let himself be seen on the security camera in the hallway ... 
Saturday ... what to do today ... Any Suggestions ? 
C'mon Bears !!! 
The football games were both a disappointment ... hopefully this week goes by pretty quick ! 
t-minus 27 minutes ... 
3:40 ... Something tells me that before 4:30 comes around , I'm about to be swamped with a LOT of things that < PROPFIRST > needs for tomorrows Last minute conference ... 
Over slept this morning ... oh well at least I worked an extra hour last night so I guess that makes up the difference . now gotta finish printing some stuff and head up to the inn for a last minute language conference ... 
\An expert is someone who knows so much about so little\ " haha " 
Headin down to Cruces for the night ! Goin to chill with some Kewl Ass Natives !!! 
what a long day ... went to el paso with my cousin , got lost for 3 hours and finally got to our destination . haha and it was all worth it !!! 
Hope they cancel work ! 
Cool Beans They're shutting the Empowerment building Down for the day !!! I get to ho home and goof around the rest of today !!! 
Enjoying this Blizzard !!! if only I can find my snowboarding gear before the A.M. goin to need it !!! 
Its a long shot but I hope they find some crazy reason to shut the empowerment building down again !!! haha 
well I got all of my gear ready for the morning ! I'm goin to sleep early tonight . goin to go snowboarding all day tomorrow !!! can't wait !!! 
well its nice to wake up knowing that the steelers got their asses kicked in front of about 1 billion people !!! haha now got to get into the working mode and finish this work week ! 
wow ... this is just crazy ... they shut our building down again ! well I guess I'm headed home . 
had an awesome day filming @ the mtn today !!! 1st time on skiis in a very long time ! only lasted a few runs ... then i was already back on the board again ... haha 
Hopefully my snowboarding gear I ordered gets delivered tomorrow ... this afternoon is kinda draggin ... 
Just finished looking at some old photos of all my friends . we had some awesome times together ! 
Kewl Finally got my Snowboarding Gear delivered !!! can't wait to break'em in this weekend !!! 
Friday gotta stick around til Lunch then my weekend officially starts !!! \ 
Goin to break in my snowboarding boots tomorrow ! can't wait !!! 
Wanna crash out but I gotta charge the friggin Ipod for tomorrow ... 
Already Hump Day ... This week is flying by pretty quick ! Hope you all have a good day ! 
Kewl I lucked out on my taxes ! haha 
The New Family guy is Hilarious ! you should check it out on hulu 
Hope You all have an awesome day today ! 
Friday I gotta get my break lights fixed this afternoon ! 
My friggin Break lights are flipping out ! one day they work and the next they don't . Checked the fuses and the bulbs but they are all ok ... 
checkin out the fights at the inn ! 
Had an awesome weekend ! now to get back into the working mode and finish out the week ! 
Just finished watching the old skool batman movie . The Jokers gun is awesome ! haha 
Payday today ! got to pay the bills in almo this afternoon then head to cruces tomorrow ! hope everyone has a good day ! 
Well ... I guess after lunch I'm taking my uncle to the game in Ft Sumner ! Hopefully the girls pull off an upset tonight !!! 
the girls got beat 64-35 ... On my way home now . 
finally made it back from the bball game . < PROPFEMALE > as hell out there . 
Monday ... Hopefully this work week flies by ! 
what should I give up for lent ... any suggestions ? 
I wonder why some of you Krazy Peeps are tagging me in some stupid so-called girl committed suicide video link !!! 
Sometimes i wonder why my mom keeps talking bout my ex and her daughter around me knowing that me ex hates me ... 
well I wish I could enjoy this weekend but I have to work ... oh well 
Cool Beans !!! got my weekend back !!! now just gotta kill time until noon !!! then chill and play video games for the rest of the day ! 
gotta kill an hour of work ... 
sure is quiet in the office today ... 
Kewl gotta work til 11 then take the rest of the day off and pay them bills ! 
Had an awesome weekend ! Hope everyone has a Great week !!! 
I hate IRS ... Greedy Bastards !!! didn't the Europeans leave Europe because the Kings Taxes or some BS dealing with taxes ?!? 
gotta work late tonight ... oh well at least I can take off friday and start my weekend early ! 
Cool Beans only gotta work til 10 then I'm off for the weekend !!! 
Just realized today and tomorrow I am goin to be exretmely busy tryin to put together a presentation for thursday ... Hopefully i can stay focused on it and knock it our before wednesday ! 
well I'm here til 11 then I'm on my way to < PROPFEMALE > Fe/Espanola til saturday ... Hopefully it flies by ! 
on my way to < PROPFEMALE > claran hotel n casino 4 a presentation ... Hopefully it flies by ... Hope u all have a good day ! 
I feel so tall around all these pueblos !!! Haha 
Im beat ... Gotta stick around til 8 ... Hopefully tomorrow goes by faster . 
Halfway through this thingy ! Hopefully the boss lets us go early ! 
just chillin hangin out in almo . Probably check out a movie in a bit . 
Humpday !!! Hope everyone has an awesome day ! 
All this money I'm paying for postage is really adding up ... stupid IRS ... should've just went to H&R I'd be spending about the same amount of money ... 
Kewl scored some free tickets to a concert tonight ! hopefully its good . 
Hope today flies by ! 
This weekend I learned that we Have \Ninja Elk\ " on our reservation ! haha " 
Hump day ! hopefully today flies by ! 
Goin to get off work at 12 today ! start my weekend early !!! 
here at work early with one eye open ! already humpday ! maybe I should take a quick nap before da boss comes into work . haha Hope everyone has an awesome day ! 
stuck at work converting the files IAIA messed up on ... 
Kewl I'm finally getting the < PROPFEMALE > of playing \The Bleeding-Acoustic version\ " by Five Finger Death Punch on my Guitar !!! just a lil more practice and I got it !! " 
I really dislike being put on the spot at the last minute ... Now I'm stuck running around getting things to present to the school ... hopefully everything goes good up there . 
Hump Day ! Hopefully the rest of this week flies by ! 
here at work goin to show sum seniors how to edit what they recorded 
up and at work early . Maybe I'll check out the feast in a bit 
MMMM Piñons and Mescal for Breakfast !!! Best thing EVER !!! 
Had a very shitty day after I got off work ... Hopefully tomorrow is a better day ... 
On my way to cruces ! go check out one of my best friends from college graduate ! 
Its pretty sad sitting here listening to these people who call themselves \christians\ " put down the different churches in the community ... Whats this world coming to ?!? " 
