Hello FB Friends < Haven't updated in a while . WUSSSSUUUPPP !!! Life is GREAAAAT !!!! 

Well New Years was a success ! Now time to drag myself in to work ! Hmm ... i am glad i drank that vitamin c packet because i know it could be worse . 
Beautiful April < PROPFEMALE > day in < PROPFEMALE > ! loving it ! 
Click \Like\ " If I have ever made YOU smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile :) Please play along and repost this as your status " 
Once again this April has been the best weather I have experienced in < PROPFEMALE > in the last 10 years ! Gotta love mid 70's at the end of April ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my big brother one last time before he heads out to Afghanistan for 14 months as a contracter making the big money ! Say a prayer for him ! 
A Soldier , Sailor , < PROPFEMALE > , Airman issomeone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check madepayable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , andincluding , their life . That is an honor ; and there are way too manypeople in this country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy ... and paste this ... if you are thankful for an < PROPFEMALE > n military member 
I like the little \thumbs up\ " picture when you like someones status . " 
Go Rondo ! Who said he was a bad pick when he was at Kentucky ? Look at him now ! Even though I am not a big NBA fan , go Celtics ! 
Rondo ! 
Its Friday . Yes its Friday . That's all I have to say . BTW it's only 95 during the day right now . Cone and play my friends . 
To an old teammate , classmate , friend may you rest in peace today < PROPMALE > ! My condolences to the Beaty family . 
Yaaaaay !!!!! USA !!!!!!! 
Sitting on the beach pondering the Earths greatest Mysteries . \ 
Realizing I don't have a clue about how to solve them , Lol 
just won $50 playing Jumbo Bucks lottery after paying my Electric and Water < PROPMALE > . There is a God watching over us . Lord knows I needed that jump start since money keeps pouring out and trickling in lol . 
Top of the morning to you all ! May this day bear many fruits and a sense of fulfillment in each of your lives . Live each day as if it is your last . 
.... reflections are how we see ourselves in the mirror . To put life in perspective we need to check our reflections sometimes to see how we can change . Somehow we see others in a different light trying to change them when it is really ourselves we have to stop and check . No one is perfect but we certainly can strive to be the best we can be every day ... BP 
A\ 
little facebook fun , should be interesting ... Here's a task for you - I \ 
want my FB friends to comment on this status how you met me ! After this \ 
comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same for you . You'll \ 
be amazed at the responses you get ! 
Watching Top Shot on History Channel . Wow amazing finale ! Anybody wanna play a game of horse ? Just kidding 
Watching UK Basketball in Canada on Fox Sports SOuth while working ! Love it ! Kentucky Basketball in August is SWEET !!! 
Just set up our camp site on Edisto island . When I say camp I mean RV camp site . That's right camping in luxury . The only way to go ; ) 
Go Herd !!! We are ....... MARSHALL !!! 
Touchdown < PROPFIRST > !! First blood drawn in the coal bowl ! Keep it up Herd ! 
That was a heck of a game against a RANKED WVU !! I CANT believe < PROPFIRST > let that game \ 
slip away !! Sheesh oh well its time to root on UK tomorrow ! 
Thumbs up ! New season of Sons of Anarchy !! 
Geez I am overwhelmed with all the fantastic birthday wishes !! Thanks everybody for making it a great day already ! I wish we all could be in one part of the US so we could have one big party but alas it will be a great day anyway here in the < PROPFEMALE > South ! 
Had a fantastic birthday dinner with some great friends ! Thanks again everybody for making my birthday special ! 
Going kayaking on the Ogeechee River today as the final part of my birthday weekend . First time kayaking adventure for me . Woohoo look out lazy river . 
Sons of Anarchy hasn't let me down yet ! What a wild ride that episode gave us ! 
Picnic in the Park today is what's on my mind today . Missing Panic yesterday in Charleston is what was on my mind but good times are to be had today ! 
Tuning up the ole bianchi Ibex , new tubes some chain lube and a little TLC and ole < PROPFEMALE > will be back in action for me to get back in shape ! 
Had a blast last night at < PROPMALE > and Stacies wedding ! Another one bites the dust and another down . Another one bites the dust . Just not me lol . 
UK finally got the notch on our belt that has eluded us since the 90's . We beat < PROPMALE > Spurrier and the SC Gamecocks . 
They\ 
say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ 
question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke \ 
yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live \ 
and don’t hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but that you \ 
will ... always love them . Re-post if you have at ...... least one friend \ 
like this . 
Can't believe that < PROPFEMALE>'s Addiction lead Singer < PROPFIRST > Ferrell has his own show . Btw i am watching it . Still can't believe all the reality shows now . Nuff said 
Wow ! Another twisted an crazy plot thickening episode . Can it get anymore intense ? 
Bear creek Florida bound . A little music , camping and good friends . Can't wait !! 
On way to Live Oak , Florida where the music rings clear and beers go down quick . Look out Bear Creek here we come . 
In < PROPFEMALE > for a bit picking up a car for a friend . Meeting an old friend for lunch good times ! 
I had a dream i was chasin a dragon down a hallway filled with gummi bears armed with chinese throwing stars . Lucky for me they were too sticky and \gummy\ " to throw them . The dragon however was able to catch up with me and told me a story about three men and baby . sounded kind of made up till i saw the movie . true story . " 
... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Hope its as wonderful as ours was . 
Watching the Blues Brothers with dad . Oh the good memories of high school come back . Brit young and I as < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Anybody from 95 hehs band remember ? 
Not the Status Quo Yo 
Go cats ! Beat pitino and the cardinals . 
Way to go Wildcats ! On on U of K !! 
Watching The Goods . Can't believe how realistic it is lol !! The writer must have been in the car business or knew someone in it . 
Go Big Blue !! Let's go two for two today . First Bowl Game and then Razzle . dazzle bball time . On On U of K ! ! 
Go SEC !! Way to go Auburn ! 
heading to my first Cornhole Tournament . Should be a blast and then I get to watch 2 South < PROPFEMALE > teams play Ice Hockey . Tomorrow night is the UGA vs Ga Tech games . No VIP tickets this year but who cares its Thirsty Thursday and $2 Natty Lights !! Woohoo it can't get much better . 
Aargh !! Jeez what gives UK . Get with the program boys ! ! 
Go Cats ! Keep it up . Back to the basics baby !! 
Am loving the Widespread Panic Live Stream from Athens Tonight ! Go Panic go and Go technology go . I can't believe I am listening to Panic live and hearing it like I was at the show !! 
I feel happy , healthy , and terrific ! Today is gonna be a . great day ! 
Big Win for UK today !! On On U of K ! Now it's time to fight for the SEC title . Don't let us down Cats ! 
Today is what I make of it ! If its gonna be its up to me ! I feel happy ! I feel healthy ! I feel terrific ! Rock it out facebook friends ! 
Go Big Blue ! Lets make Kentucky proud today ! 
Congrats to the Big Blue ! Great win today against Florida for the SEC tournament title ! Now on to the Big Dance baby ! Keep it up ! 
Pre St. Patricks Day ! Its gonna be a great day here in < PROPFEMALE > ! I love it when the weather is great and the people are too ! 
