my boy KOBE got him another ring now what yaw hater got to say !! ~ !! 

I will be back later !! 
i may not have everything i want but i have u !! 
gud nite to all my friends and family ! 
WILL BE BACK LATER SO TALK TO U THEN . 
Happy New Year to all . \ 
:P 
Time to here everyone lie about what they going to do different this year . :-/ 
SICK OF SNOW ! 
Glad the snow is meltin ... now i can leave this house . 
HAPPY < PROPFIRST > DAY TO ALL THE LOVER OUT THERE . 
SO BORED RIGHT NOW . 
Just got home from the game . Inbox me . 
Just got back from the game . Inbox me 
just got home . Inbox me 
LIFE STILL GOES ON EVEN WHEN U BORED AS HELL . 
bout to watch Kobe play . 
Sometimes I wish I could throw magic dust on my problems and thy’d just dissappear , like a < PROPFEMALE > or a crack addict . 
The human heart feels things the eyes cannot see , and knows what the mind cannot understand . 
Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something , and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent . 
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not . 
Everyone admits that love is wonderful and necessary , yet no one agrees on just what it is . 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable , so you might as well be happy . 
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it . 
Is any body out there . If so say something . 
I believe people are in our lives for a reason . We're here to learn from each other . 
Good things come to those who wait , but great things will come to those who < PROPMALE > their dreams . 
Just finish watch Kobe play . Inbox me 
People will always talk about you .. Might as well give them something to talk about 
The affections are like lightning : you cannot tell where they will strike till they have fallen 
Depending on what part of the country you live in , snow is either romantic or a real pain in the @%$ . 
Meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you I had no control over . 
Hurt myself like a fool at tennis practice . Home icing this foot . Inbox me . 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal . 
I hope life isn’t a joke , because I don’t get it . 
Expect nothing and you’ll never be dissapointed ! 
I love you not because of who you are , but because of who I am when I am with you . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
I guess i go to sleep now since im getting bored . 
Lakers lost but so wat c all the hater in the playoff . 
Time for me to hit this bed . 
I GUESS SPRING BREAK IS OVER TIME TO GO BACK TO SKOOL . 
EXCELLENCE TAKES HARD WORK . SO DONT BE FOOL IF I MAKE IT LOOK EASY . 
Today was a ok day . 
Happy B-day mother 
There is a time for many words , and there is also a time for sleep . Good nite facebook . 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . 
Although the world is full of suffering , it is full also of the overcoming of it . 
trying to studying for the chemistry test tomrrow . 
guess i try to study a little bit for this test 2mrow . 
two down 2 more 2 go . glad when its all over . 
Made a four on U.S. History eoc . 3 down 1 more to go . 
my score for spainsh 2 was not so good but right now i dont care cuz im be a Senior . 
You can't do anything about the length of your life , but you can do something about its width and depth . 
If you don’t have time to do it right , when will you have time to do it over ? 
You cannot run away from weakness ; you must some time fight it out or perish ; and if that be so , why not now , and where you stand ? 
I may not have gone where I intended to go , but I think I have ended up where I intended to be . 
Not ready to go , but I got to get ready . 
Bout to go to Duke . 
At Duke trying to get some work do . 
Having fun with my nigga at project seed 
Want to play some basketball . 
Bout to go to bed long day ahead of me 2mrow . 
Can not wait until friday . 
One more day until i go home . 
Getting ready for 2mrow massacre 
I give up . This is it . 
Life is gud at this moment . 
“The time for action is now . It's never too late to do something . ” That y im still up now . 
bored hit me up on the cell . 
Last summer as a high school student . Man time flies when u havin fun . 
Listo para volver a la escuela . Commentario , si usted < PROPFEMALE > de a cuerdo . 
Life is series of rooms , who we get stuck in the room with is how our life is determine . 
Gud night fb . 
Just got back from movies . Expendables was better than i thought it would be . 
Need to find sumthing to do . Bored . 
Heading back to < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Lata fb . 
Life is moving to fast for me to keep up with . 
: l 
Chillin at the moment 
? 
I donot know wat to do i need some help 
When r u goin to b happy 
one life to live 
Off to nc state today 
goin to the parade then get ready for the ecsu homecomin 
Ready for the party tonight 
Game over ecsu killed chowan now its time to party 
Had fun at the party with my new friend 
Back home had i great time in E city miss it already 
I feel lost right now ....... can anybody help me . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change ; the courage to change the things i can : and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Sometime i wonder y me but today i know y 
What was I thinking ?? 
Dont u do that 
What next 
READY FOR THIS TO END !!!! NEVER KNEW THAT IT WOULD TAKE UP ALL MY TIME !! \\n\\n 
I guess I answer some question 
I got an answer to any question so try me 
Home bored wrokin on this project 
Bored nuthin to do 
thank everyone for the b-day wishes 
Once again i would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes 
ALMOST OVER THANK U < PROPFIRST > 
SMH 
Well its bout over 
Bored , someone inbox me ! 
Let the healing begin !! 
Qutella grandma done escape for the zoo ! 
Ready to go home 
Yes finally leavin 
Heading to grandma house . \ 
:D 
My sister gettin on my nerves she turn to the christmas story & she know that i dont like it 
Someone help me ! 24 hours of christmas story 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all 
Well christmas bout over so everyone luk under your tree for one more gift . if one there inbox me & i tell u wat i really think of u ? 
Wow have not seen Good Burger in year 
Sittin here watch The\\nRugrats movie with sis . 
Cum on sun do your job !! 
Just got home . Nuthing to do . 
Headin to Greenville with the family . 
2day was alright . I hope 2mrow is better . 
Trying to get started on this project ! 
Another day in the house . 
As 2010 cum to a end i would let to apologize to all my friends that I lost communication with and if u feel like your one in-box me . \ 
:-/ 
Headin back to < PROPFEMALE > 2nite 
Gud morning fb can not make my self go to sleep . Is anyone up . 
Home alone nuthin to do . 
Some people around here so dumb that even when they know their wrong they try to make it luk and sound right !!! 
Some people around here are so dumb that even when they know they are wrong they try to make it luk and sound right !!! 
Im so bored . hmu !! 
Bored !!! hmu 
Tell y sumone hack into my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . I hope they found wat they was lukin for 
Tryin to plan a Senior trip for STEM any ideas ? 
Take me a nap before work . Later fb 
Bored . HMU 
Some people r just extra in my life and < PROPFEMALE > i go to the next scene they will be gone . 
Just another day fb . 
Today in church the pastor said if u got sumthing bad to say , say it n the toilet and flush it . 
ready to c how these classes luk . Senior we are almost done . 
sumbody still playin on my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . i wonder who it is . im bout to delete it . 
Bored . Hmu 
Just got off work man . Mad cus i got to go to work W 
Just got off work man . Mad cus i got to go 2mrow and i going to miss senior night 
