Iraq's great , there's so much to do ! Surfing , hanging out with my wife , rock climbing , drinking , barbequing , fishing , whatever . Oh wait , that's < PROPFEMALE > . This is gay . 

fuck your stop signs !!!! 
hey its only 9 back in the states , party !!!!! 
rydin deep hella high so nig repeat this take you glock off safety turn around and hit the street when i got the milli pictured in my head aint no stoppin cuz the devil said im halfway dead what can i say , got them evil thought fillin up my head locc to the brain on that insane tip , EBK every day 
Boredom has reached its peak , im talking to ants and burning them with a lighter . One straight jacket please , extra zyprexa , but hold the xanax , I wanna remember this moment forever ... Dear Iraq , fuck you sincerely , Me 
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop Mr owl ? Yup , still going deeper into the rabbit hole of insanity . POUR ME A DINK AND TAKE ME TO THE BEACH DAMNIT ! 
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop Mr owl ? Yup , still going deeper into the rabbit hole of insanity . POUR ME A DRINK AND TAKE ME TO THE BEACH DAMNIT ! again , fuck you Iraq , sincerely , me . 
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop Mr owl ? Yup , still going deeper into the rabbit hole of boredom an insanity . POUR ME A DRINK AND TAKE ME TO THE BEACH DAMNIT ! again , fuck you Iraq , sincerely , me . 
You can take a man outta the beach , but ill be DAMNED if they can take St Beach outta ME !! 
is gonna sink that state before its taken , and like any good captain , ride it straight to the effin bottom . 
Leave\ 
one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew\ 
me a little or a lot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message , \ 
leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your feed and see how\ 
many people leave a memory about you ... 
RnR needs to hurry the fuck up . 
May I stay high above the clouds , with this crown upon my head , and never shall I let this beach slip into the sea ... poontas 
is missin his wife 
dont give a 
is getting the eff outta Iraq the 12th 
is rare , like Mr Clean with hair ... 
is rare , like Mr Clean with hair . 
is leaving the country ... Be safe all my friends picking up my slack right now , cuz its probably not that much haha Florida bound !! 
Im not in iraq and Im really happy . Fuck the bacwards bullshit , real people arent two faced , but I love you mason , mcguire , etheridge , adrian gaudreu and all the others you know who you arw . fuck the rest , come off your high horses , jesus . 
Heading back to the sand , gonna miss my wife and friends , but Ill be with other friends , friends friends friends , everywhere I go . I truly am blessed , from < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and fuckin etheridge , I gotta say it feels good to have good people surrounding me wherever I am . It really does suck to leave my wife though , but shit 3 months , and Im freakin home bound again !!!! 
been waiting to hear from certain people , guess they're too busy ... 
12am here , 5pm in the states . been waiting all day for a message that hasnt come . On top of my list of things depressing , Im pretty much over this deployment . Get me back to my wife . wtf 
could be worse . at least we have a gym . guess Ill just get jacked . Anyone want to send me some ' roids ? 
Kinda lonely out here recently ... 
I can feel the beat ... 
Im not askin for much , really I just want a night with my wife , and a night at red lobster . Cmon army , lets get fucking going , Americas calling ! 
Because if Florida takes us , \ 
Were taking everyone down with us 
Daily Driggers Horoscope :\ 
Today you might wake up already pissed off , then very rapidly increase that anger over the next hour for no reason at all . Later you might have a < PROPMALE > to work with some people of a different nationality , and you will end this encounter by you and your friends doing work for them because the people before mentioned are worthless and have no reason to be alive . MANTRA : Murder ! 
Only when you have no fear left of death , can you truly never die . 
WE WILL NEVER SLEEP , CUZ SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK , NO WE WILL NEVER REST , TILL WERE ALL FUCKING DEAD 
chicks on facebook like it everywhere cuz they're sluts . 
When people are afraid to die , they get intimidated by anything that can kill them , but they still fucking die . Death is a man , just like everyone else . So why not spit beer in his face , break the bottle for a shank , and tell that faggot to try it . If you don't die then , you can live untill he grows a pair ... Im living forever . 
iDRINK 
After I get back to < PROPFEMALE > , I don't think I can ever be truly sober . Is that wrong ? Drinks are on me you fucks . 
I can't help myself , I'm addicted to a life of material . Its some kind of joke .... 
The tension is rising , you can feel it in the air . Someone's gonna snap , SOON , and there's no fucking way to stop it . We need to get back to the states quick . 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same . \ 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . 
I miss my beautiful wife < PROPFEMALE > Driggers so damn much ! I can't wait to get back and hold her every night of every day . Love you baby . 
3 weeks and counting ... Homeward bound , I miss all you guys so much , Glock , T$ , Lou , Jesse , Dan , and definatly my wife ! Ill see you all soon . 
How will you be mourning the loss of Loko ?? 
I think Im about done . Just one more time ... 
My list of things to do when I get back just got longer . Yet so much funner . Is that a word ? Im using it . Im using the shit out of it . 
I have a dream ! That I just stop giving a fuck and do what I need . 
Soon Ill be on that giant swan on a one way home . 
Been waiting to hear back on something for a while now . Taking a break and coming back in an hour or two . I could really use my beach and a four loko right about now . 
What issues ? I'm coming back to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > in under two weeks son ! 
I cant help but laugh , at everything . I'm great , I think everyone else is just in a bad mood . 
Scratch that , the air is uplifted , replacements for this piece are here already , another sign of going home . I'm going to go chainsmoke and mingle . Soon Ill be doing it drunk back in the states with some florida people . Driggers-10/ Iraq-3 
Theres a demon inside o me can I kill it ? HELL NAH ! \ 
Can I kill it ? HELL NAH ! \ 
Can I kill it ? HELL NAH ! 
What to do first ? Im thinking move stuff in , four loko , movie , close that night off with something a man misses most . then start on guns and tattoos . 10 more days hopefully to start all this . 
... 
night of the 8th I touchdown in the states . See the rest of you cool cats after the 20th when I get a month of PAID vacation ... bitches 
