misses the kitty-cats 

I have amazing friends + family 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , next year I just want a smaller ass . 
I wanna be there tonight , I wanna get there but it's just outta sight- I took a river , it felt so slight so hold on . ( Spoon ) 
In the cathedrals of NY & Rome , there is a feeling that you should just go home , and spend a lifetime finding out just what that is . 
It's hard to believe the wind when it touches me- Is it just the way that I long to touch you ? ( Apollo Sunshine ) 
When Ima walking I strut my stuff and I'm so strung out , I'm high as a kite I just might stop you check you out ... 
WOOH ! marathoners 
nicaragua ?! siiiii 
' how many times do i have to learn all the love i have is in my mind ? ' 
\three little birds sat on my window and they told me i don't need to worry . summer came like cinnamon- so sweet . \"" 
sleep prn , coffee STAT 
hugs and kisses QD , pillow talks prn 
cold , in sweaty clothes , and imprisoned in the library < PROPMALE > computers , until I figure out how I would fix Medicare 
saving necks and cashing checks 
i really miss my laptop 
your hands are shaking cold , but your hands were meant to hold- so even when your hope is gone move along like i know you do ( american rejects ) 
que descanse en < PROPFEMALE > Pepe 
i'm taller than someone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > hills , that's where i want to be !! ( gimme gimme ) 
a little drunkl right now , 2pm :) 
homesick , tired , and very unprepared to deal with this bullshit :'( 
go ahead , release your fears . stand up and be counted , don't be ashamed to cry . 
booked it !!!!!! 
BIDMC offered me a position !!!! YESSSS 
i made friends with a green bug , i feel so zen right now :) 
omg , he MADE the atomic bomb !! and sent it to < PROPFEMALE > island !! 
woooh !! spaniards ! 
cried @ work today and left early . trip home tentatively shortened to aug31st ( am) > aug2nd ( pm ) to make up the difference 
some will fall in love with life and drink it from the fountain that is pouring like an avalanche coming from the mountain 
omg inception was so good !!! and < PROPFIRST > gordon-levitt got gorgeous !! 
jersey , family & kitty-cats 31st-2nd 
i think someone withheld my paycheck for not being their psychologist on call this weekend . 
home saturday , sunday , part monday :) 
maybe i know somewhere , deep in my soul- that love never lasts . and we have to find other ways to make it alone and keep a straight face . and i've always lived like this , keeping a comfortable distance . up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness , because none of it was ever worth the risk . ( the only exception ) 
could we pretend that airplanes are shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now 
drinking the rest of my liquor in the fridge .... and packing 
nobody likes you when you're 23 ... 
do you believe in < PROPFEMALE > ? because i feel like it's kicking me in the ass right now 
i feel like i aged 5 years this summer 
first time ever that math is really not my friend ... tsp , kg , lb , cc , ml , mcg 
counting down , grasping at straws and jaded- how am i NOT supposed to think this is the price someone pays for loving me !? 
mfa college night next thursday ! who's with me ? 
nesting , finally :) 
thanks all for the birthday love <3 
massive hiccup 
i need a coffeemaker ... it's just that simple 
jaw clicking is freaking me out ! 
Biicycle ! Biiiiiiicycle ! 
RIP macbookpro you were good to me 
massive attack & thievery corp next tues 
This is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste . I was proud to . Will you ? 
all i wanna do is .... BICYCLE BIIICYCLE 
i miss my bed :( rendevous @ 4p ?! 
i don't know why you say goodbye , i say hello 
so take me home where the mood is mellow and the roses are red and the < PROPFEMALE > is yellow , and the lightbulbs around my mirror don't flicker 
snuggling , listening to < PROPFIRST > mayer 
check your pulse it's proof that you're not listening to the call that life's been issuing you 
i want a puppy 
to hold my < PROPFEMALE > cats 
when you're dreaming wtih a broken heart , the waking up is the hardest part 
it's a long long getaway- make it home again . i can't see the thief that lives inside of your head , but i can leave some courage at the side of your bed 
i want a dragon named toothless ! 
there was a time when my world was filled with darkness , then i stopped dreaming , now i'm supposed to fill it up with something . in your eyes i see the eyes of somebody i knew before , someone from long ago . but i'm still trying to make my mind up- am i free or am i tied up ? i change shapes just to hide in this place but i'm still an animal . ( < PROPMALE > dunn <3 ) 
cooking black beans and snuggling c fam in t-24 :) 
really should invest in waterproof mascara 
i wish i were asexual ... and that they still did lobotomies 
Changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood andinvite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec . 06 , there shouldbe no human faces on Facebook but an invasion of memories . This is forVIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN 
black hole sun won't you come and wash away the rain ? 
looking for firewood ... 
all of the sudden i miss everyone 
running home , it warrants long goodbyes 
on intersection of all dimensions , where i was stopping by just for a drink- i meet a brother from tribal connection and together we began to sing : we're guna turn frustration into inspiration , whatever demons are there , we're guna set them free 
tricked myself into thinking playing old video games was just as productive as studying :( 
the dog days are over , the dog days are done- can you hear the horses ??? you'd better run 
Greenwich Village Funeral Home 199 Bleecker 12/26 2-5p , 7-9p 
so faith , hope , and love remain , these three ; but the greatest of these is love . 1Cor 13:13 
how the heart bends- and summer she sends a sky that refuses to die . with weeds of sea that wrap ' round our knees and a sun that's too bright to go down- you come around , you come around ~ (what the snowman learned about love ) <3 
