HOLY MOTHER OF LOVE SPAM 

What's on my mind ...? This morning . :D I should prolly shower/update my profile picture/clean my room/draw dammit so I won't think about how much I miss youuu . 
showershowernumnumsartshowerlove . 
Is on a mission to obtain a new profile picture cuz my hair way longer now . 
wiggle wiggle , wiggle wiggle wiggle , wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle . Wiggle wiggle . 
Does anyone know how to crop your tinyass FB icon thumbnail ? Because I totally forgot . 
Is just another camwhore girl living in a camwhore world 
Has to replace her power supply again . BBL @ the end of the month lol . 
GAH WTF All the random Resturant City Market friends are SPAMMING MY INBOX . I ONLY HAVE 1 ICE CREAM ; * baleets RCM givelist * :| ;;; 
Got her replacement phone charger to replace her replacement phone charger ! AND IT CAME EARLY FUCK YEAH . Dying of relief now . OTL 
wants to know if Farmville is as fun as Resturant City , or will at least keep my attention . 
wants to be a mangaka fashion designer model writer husband when she grows up :| 
Me and my sister broke off icicles of the tree in our back yard to eat them , even though we were freezing . The little things in life . <3 
I am thankful for this year entirely . <3 
NO MORE GLEE AFTER * THAT * FINALE ?! OMFG CLIFFHANGER COCKTEASES OTZ 
Raichu is my favorite pokemon , but today I feel like a ... slow ... poke . 
Hope everyone had a good Christmas ! 
Happy one year anniversary , you and me ! <3 
Happy new year to everyone ! <3 
But darling ... You . Are . The only expection . Oh , you are ... The Only Exception . 
OH GOD faecbook layout update * is the billionth person to bitch about it * 
does anyone remember Dream Street ? I LOL'd instantly . 
Is fucking terrified of DeviantART Group invites .... 
SAW A COMMERCIAL FOR GLEE RETURNING IN APRIL AND EXPLODED IN A FIT OF SCREAMING JOY JGLRSKJGVKLFJGTHBGVISFRTYOGHKRGSYHJYHRGSRGDSAHHHH . 
My internet won't let me on FB half the time lately . How else will I procrastinate ? 
is just tired . 
Please be okay . Please be okay . Please . Please ... 
The sky has fallen on us , and I'm not sure how to push it back up . 
The tension is here , the tension is here . Between who you are and who you could be ; Between how it is and how it should be . I dare you to move , I dare you to move . I dare you to lift yourself up off the floor . 
Dear McDonalds ; You make me feel like I need a shower after I eat you , even if you've gotten significantly more healthy than in the 90's . Stop it . 
My brain is actually my second stomach . This explains a lot . < PROPFEMALE > knows everything . 
I feel like a baked potato . 
I sprayed Clorox cleaner on a spider because I \ 
was pissed at 3 spider wars in one day . Watching it die was * the * most \ 
depressing thing ever . Not doing that ever again . OTL 
From the first 150 , I'm thinking of a pokemon .... \ 
( I can't resist , < PROPFEMALE > . I gotta do it at least once . ) 
Goin ' out with the fambam for school shopping today . Damn I feel old ... 
One step in the right direction , California . :) 
Note to self . Start pulling your own weight , because it can't be pulled for you forever . 
Chex Mix Treat Bars ( Chocolate Chunk ) are the most delicious granola-snack-bar based food I've ever had . EVER . @ WALMART FOR 2 DOLLARS . 
Has anyone in your past actually ever threatened to beat on you for your lunch money ? What did you do ? IMO , this is practically an urban legend nowadays . Anyone that does that now is more likely to be laughed off of campus for being such an utter loser . 
Me : Mom , why are you watching TV in the dark ? Want me to turn on the light ? \ 
Mom : NO . Leave it off . I'm being a MUSHROOM . \ 
Me : .... 
You know you're a little monster when ; While staring at the clouds on a drive home , all you see is various shapes of Lady Gaga outfits instead of rabbits and happy faces . 
Ended up cleaning and keeping sister from spazzing about school tomorrow for most of the day . And not showing up . I'm sorry , scribbu friends . I'm a flake . OTL 
Is too clumsy . Should just be quiet . 
Got to catch the last few amazing minutes of Lady Gaga's Anti-DADT speech . She shouted \ARE YOU LISTENING ? \ " again . Still get chills ... Love that woman . <3 " 
That's a lot to take in . 
Kuuuuuuuuuuuuurttt ;;;;;;~~~~~~;;;;;; your big pink puffy sad eyes UUUU ;;;; 
Going out for the evening with people I dislike ! But rests easy knowing there will be pizza and entertainment in a dimly lit theatre . 
After all these years , < PROPMALE > ... I now know why you love lasagna . 
I'll stay right here ... It's where I'll always belong ; Tied with your arms . 
I refuse to conform to this \pmsing\ " stereotype . REFUSE . " 
Going out todayyyy . 
Found a big milky way bar in my coat pocket where I left it , forgotten . It's extra super tasty , oh yes . 
Tonight ; the most speechless I've been since Glee started . 
So glad she was introduced to the world of chili . mmm . 
Just watched Avatar : The Last Airbender tonight , since its finally out to rent . I need to rewatch the cartoon series to wash myself of this impurity . 
Science fiction ... double feature . : -* Two movies tonight . 
So , I'm selling the snow in my yard to anyone that wants it . Just pay S&H , and I'll have it conveniently flown and sprinkled over your house . 
You know it's bad when your mom's boss calls to tell her not to come into work for the next three days because a blizzard is coming . As long as the power doesn't go out ... 
Browsing the internet is scary . It sucks in your very soul ... And you don't notice until it's too late . :| 
One day fashionably late but ; < PROPFIRST > Beiste is my favorite glee character . 
45/100% done with christmas gifts . Darn you winter months , giving me all these deadlines . 
Stupid resturant city , randomly distracting me for two hours with your festive cuteness . 
So someone on DA wanted me to make a conjoined twin character . I do my best to not sound rude , but decline on grounds of \sensitive subject matter . \ " Then I find out their favorites consist of nothing BUT conjoined twins . .... What is wrong with people ? Why do you make your creepy fetishes so obvious ? WHY ? " 
Everyone in my house is sleeping at 3:40 in the afternoon on a tuesday ... oh , winter . 
Facebook died entirely for 5 minutes . Sheer panic ensued . I need a life . 
Experts say multi-tasking is * actually * a concentration breaker . Shit . Everything makes sense now . 
how am i supposed to get anything done if the screen won't . Stay . Still . asdfghjkl ; WHY CAN'T I FIGURE OUT WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME LATELY . OTL 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays , everyone ! 
New Year's Resolution #1 : Stop multitasking with every little thing in your life , especially the things most important . It actually never helps like people think it does . 
Since the day you said you loved me ... All the stars lit up in the sky . 
\Condom used Protect ! But it failed ! \"" 
Today ... today , I clean . Everything . Ready ? Set ? GO ! 
1 can tuna , salmon , or shredded chicken + a few handfuls of bagged salad mix + 1 diced tomato + a few globs of mayo . Mix well in large bowl or tupperware , spread on favored bread . Instant tuna/salmon/chicken salad sandwiches . UNF . Next time I may add grated cheddar . <3 
Spent all day cleaning my room , round two .... Crazy tired . Just gonna lay here on the floor for the rest of the night orz 
Had a dream about < PROPFIRST > Takei and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s unrealized but very moving high school love , which comes to light again during a business-set reunion where I am an intern . Today might be awesome . 
So Mr. Groundhog saw his shadow , supposedly ... >:| I guess that ' s why it's been about 10 degrees F for the past few days . 
To my scrib-regulars .... No online users , massive loose chunk of broken HTML at the top . What's up with iScribble ? Scary ... 
I'm on the right track , baby -- I was born to be brave . <3 
Jury Duty notice and smashing my finger in a door for the first time . Shoot . Whatta combination . 
WAFFLE INDUCED FOOD COMA . Bliss . \\o/ 
My opinion always makes me sound like such a jerk ... 
I HAVE TOO MUCH STUFF RAAH . * destroys room * 
Wondered why it was so cold this morning ... It's 6 degrees with 11 mph winds according to google . no wonder . * crawls back into bed * 
My least favorite dreams are the random apocalypse/world-changing crazy virus ones . That's what I get for sleeping past 11 . 
don't get sick don't get sick don't get sick omg orz 
Dang . Got sick anyway . Haven't puked in like 3 years , kinda gross ... Gonna be bedridden for only the weekend , hopefully . 
I gave it a HAH- and a HI-YAH ! And then I kicked it , sir . 
Sometimes I can't fucking believe how fucking SELFISH you are . 
