Happy New Years . 

suddenly wants to listen to listen to metal . 
wonders how did this happen ? We've lost our true purpose . Instead of working together , as a species , we molest , < PROPMALE > , maim and murder each other for the least provocations . Instead of making our lives what we want them to be by the strength of our backs 
Wonders what to do : For the second time in two years , she has lost all of her writing . * sad * 600 worth of books are gone as well . 
* hangs head * feels bad , now that she has remembered that Father's Day is today ... I wish I liked my dad a bit more , but thankfully I have amazing surrogate parents , and I wish them all a happy safe and loving family holiday . 
Is having the time of her life making a far away friend blush like a schoolgirl . 
* is STILL tossing and turning * October feels like a veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery long way off . 
\I let myself fall into a lie . I let my walls come down . I let myself smile and feel alive . I let my walls come down . No matter how I try . I don't know why . You're so far away . \"" 
Wonders why she cares so much about people that don't return that care . Either I care too much or not at all , people . Its what happens . 
is gonna go swimming in the moonlight , and the deep pools of eternity with the one woman she loves more than life itself at this point . 
asks if no one can understand my silence , how can you understand my words ? 
* screams * OH MY GOD , FOR THE LOVE OF FREAKING CRAYOLA !!! MY DAMN CRAYONS MELTED ! 
says that \books are the quietest and most constant of friends . They are the most accessible and wisest of counselors and the most patient of teachers . \"" 
did her morning yoga . And is now ... going to sleep . 
asks WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE , A FRESH STEP TRANSFORMER ?! Jade : Nope . A Power Ranger ! These are the sorts of things occupying my life in my sister's home ... 
is finally writing her books again ! Yay ! 
got chapter 18 done and up . Is very very happy . Inspiration : what a wonderful birthday gift from the gods . 
is twenty years old today . Young enough to be looked upon by world-weary adults with slight disdain , and to be looked upon as still a kid . But twenty is old enough to be excluded forever from that magical realm of the young and the beardless . I am unsu 
is enjoying her birthday by moving furniture around and trying very hard to dodge present-giving relatives . 
says , ATTENTION , EVERYBODY . SHUT UP ! It is now time for the daily crazy o'clock and when you see my video , you'll see what I mean This is life at our house on human juice ( Read : Coffee ) 
is reediting the previous seventeen chapters of her book because they simply do not flow well anymore . 
is desperately craving sleep and yet knows that she must work . What to do ? Procrastinate , or snooze ? 
Is wishing for warm arms , and a nice blanket and a cup of cocoa . Well , two outta three ain't bad , right ? 
finally has another xbox . Now I only need a job . 
feels shivery and uncertain . But in a good way . The butterflies in her stomach are on crack . 
has aches in places that she didn't know she could have aches . 
deserves nappity nap time after a hard morning of work . 
is rewatching Boondock Saints in antici[ation of the sequel coming this November , people ! 
Has a job interview . QUICK , everyone , WISH ME LUCK ! 
didn't get her job , even with all the good luck wishes . But that's alright , life goes on . 
really really hates one of her friends for the sheer amount of confusion and bullcrap he puts her through . 
is on Xbox360Live now ! ( Gamertag = Gumilicious ) Come find me if you can ! 
got her hair cut , is very happy that there is no longer a Wookiee camping out on her head , and is still sick as hell . 
Is bored bored bored ... Someone come whisk her imagination away in regaled flight , or at least give me something interesting to think about ... 
is finally going to quit slacking off and restart work on her books ... I've been sitting at chapter 17 for too many weeks . Damn this plague called writer's block . A disastrous disease . 
I officially hate my sibling ... 
is dancing the day's tension away , one step , one pattern , one spin at a time . 
Is seriously contemplating trying to teach herself the < PROPFEMALE > while she is jobless and moneyless ... 
is rediscovering Disney movies . The oldies and goldies , like Lion < PROPMALE > or Rock-a-doodle . 
is plotting . Rejoice ! For very bad things are about to happen ! ... To a fictional character . 
is making cookies , cause it's cold and cold means BAKING !! And chili , but mainly BAKING !! 
* whistles * Baking , baking , up with the morning sun , baking , baking , cause baking is loads of fun ! 
You know , you'd think after not seeing someone for five years , a hug is usually given , at the least . I guess the memories of me were enough , if you catch the drift . I'd like to be left alone for now . 
can't sleep and wants to read more sensual phrase . If I can't find romance in life , at least I can find it in a book . Series . Ish . 
has belatedly figured out that if the new LucasArts game The Old Republic is anything like WoW or Oblivion , I am SCREWED . Thus the problem of an addictive personality . 
Just saw the Boondocks Saints 2 trailer and all I can say is ... I hope to GOD it comes to my town . 
Is a very crispy little Gumi from working outside for the grandmother . We planted a garden around her entire house . 9am . Till six-thirty . I am burnt . Badly . 
I am disappointed and sad that < PROPFEMALE > Wars seems to have jumped on the zombie bandwagon . 
Suddenly misses the friends she had to leave behind and feels like she wasn't a very good friend ... I'm sorry , guys . 
is watching stargate sg1 and missing her MIA copy of Kotor . 
Guys , ignore any recommendations from me , I think my account might have gotten phished somehow . 
I miss dancing in ways I didn't even know was possible . I had no idea how integral it was to my life until I didn't have it anymore . 
asks , \pop tart for your soul ? \"" 
is understandably nervous . 
Is happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy happy happy ! 
Congrats everybody , it's national Talk Like A Pirate Day ! 
Paint primer smells of absinthe . Has anyone else noticed this ? 
Ruminates that it is not everyday one gets to throw a hammer at one's grandmother . 
finds that life is currently depressing and is greying her hair too much for her tastes . 
Off to the hospital I go . 
is snuggling down in covers with a bowl of cheezy broccoli soup and Stargate SG-1 , season three and hoping that it might lift or cure her crushing depression . 
Is making homemade trail mix ! 
has finally restarted her Mando'a studies . It's about time . 
is sooooooooooooo very tired . 
I am literally so bored , I am organizing my email's inbox ... 
Has made many more friends ; I look forward to a big tackle football game . 
' s friend coming home from Iraq got her a surprise . Wonder what it is ? 
I have decided I am on crack . How it gets in my system , I'm not sure , but it must be there . I cannot otherwise explain the weird twists in my life . 
Saturday , Ori ets back from Iraq . Yays ! Everybody pray , cast , or wish for a safe arrival for him back home . 
Ori's flight got delayed by another 28 hours . Boo . Also , it's Sunday and that means \Over the beltline and through the woods to Grams's house we go ! \"" 
My friend has touched down and is back in the states ! Yay ! 
If the earth were in danger , and you had to pick a team of just 5 beings to save the earth , who would you choose ? ( My team : Captain < PROPFIRST > Harkness , The Doctor , Colonel < PROPFIRST > O'Neill , Aslan and either < PROPFEMALE > Solo or < PROPMALE > Skywalker , whichever is available that day . These sorts of things have to be scheduled , you know ... ) 
Is sad to hear of her friends ' troubles , and also can't wait for the fifteenth to get here . 
is laughing so hard she is crying . 
is wondering how her cat's eyebrows got singed . 
Misses all of the people she loves . Good night and sweet dreams to all . 
Is highly amused by her sister's failing to solve a Rubik's Cube . 
Happiness is < PROPMALE > engineering , Italian cooking , and Belgian chocolate . 
Has discussed world problems with family until she's blue in the face and is now indulging in a freshly sliced peach . 
Really needs to learn how to control the rampant ideas that force her to write . 
I'm relatively sure that I just ate the most unhealthy thing in the world . 
Gonna watch DWTS and see if I can learn anything . 
I'm learning Hawaiian ! 
is off to watch more stargate . Having no job really sucks donkey bum . 
just made pumpkin cheesecake for the trip to Grams ' house on sunday ! Yay ! 
Rediscovered Sash and raving . I forgot how much fun a good rave could be , either solitary or in a crowd . The movements are soothing . 
wonders why people have crushes on her . Especially people who've never met her . 
Finally got Skype . Anyone wants my user name , you know how to ask . xD 
Scream Awards , YEAH !! 
Take 40% of the muzzle velocity of an M16 Assault Rifle , and multiply it by the exact number of animals < PROPMALE > took with him on the Ark . What number do you come up with ? ( < PROPFEMALE > , shut your mouth on this one . ) 
O_O They are making a < PROPMALE > of Persia MOVIE , now ?! I don't whether that's pathetic or really really awesome . But I'm relatively sure that I'm going to be in line to see it opening day . 
SNOWBALL FIGHT ! It's on like Donkey Kong , biznitch ! You know who you are ! 
Happy Samhain , everyone . The beginning of a bright new year . 
Pictures to come soon ! 
Wonders what to do when you have people counting on you by the dozens and have writer's block . Is there a cure for it ? 
... hates romance of any sort with a passion . ' Tis nothing but trouble and heartache . 
Frickin ' bigotry pisses me off . 
Feels fuzzy and warm and just this side of awake . 
somehow hit crazy o'clock on the way home and now can't seem to think rationally or straight . In fact , in the middle of telling a story , I managed to thunk my head on the corner of the dining room table . I now have a redspot the size of a rather large grape . Dead on the corner . WTF ? 
Is busily plotting away at her newest dream . This one might actually work , people ! 
Has Job Interview !!! 
Mmm ... Homemade Pineapple Upside Down Cake ... At Grandma's house ... Yum . 
I'm finally getting down some of my dress designs ! Yay ! 
I have rediscovered my passionate love of racing and racing games . YEAH ! 
is relistening to Repo The Genetic Opera because for some oddly morbid reason it relaxes her . 
What do you do when your honor's being attacked ? 
Spending the night at Grandma's is ... interesting . Anywho , happy early holidays to everyone . 
Has had dreams that terrify her . Will attempt to sleep again ; will inform if mission fails . 
Hates dreams that recurr . Especially the ones of late . 
< PROPFIRST > my words people , but today I seriously detest LucasArts corporation . I'm highly upset with them . 
I have learned , quite the hard way , that hanging ornamental snowflakes from your glasses can be an irritating experience . Ah , nothing quite like Christmas decorating . 
Has officially had the most awesome day . 
Played in the snow till she felt like a ten year old again . 
THERE IS NO < PROPFIRST > ; ONLY ZUUL ! 
Really flippin ' hates crises . 
Is chocolating pretzels and getting ready to make gingerbread houses . 
Feels surprisingly productive today . 
loves the snow ... when she doesn't have to be out in it . >.< It's flippin ' COLD ! 
Wonders what to do when someone has completely left-fielded you ... and stolen your heart . 
Is ... really , really , ridiculously happy . I mean , goofy grin , humming , and random dancing , even . I feel like a fool , says the rational part of me , and the other says who cares ? Live it up ! 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS , EVERYONE . Luff to you all . * goes back to dancing and humming * 
has finally finished a poem . And is happy with it . 
needs to have her heart stop galloping around in her chest . 
Wants to visit TN so badly she can taste it . I miss my mountains and loved ones . >.> 
WHOO ! UEFA knockouts ! Speed thy way , February 16 , so that I might indulge my UEFA fanatacism . 
Okay , much as I love him , calling at midnight ... I'm torn between sweet and WTF I WAS SLEEPING , YOU PRAT . 
has been faced with awful dreams again . These phantasmic portents simply will not leave me in peace . 
Is so very tired ... And soon I shall be blissfully unaware , wrapped snug in the arms of dreams , and kisses on the brow by Mr. Sandman as he fulfills my nightly order of dreams . 
is so very confused . 
wishes it were warmer ; IS FREEZING and INDECENTLY COLD . 
wonders what you do when your instincts tell you to be strong but your heart wants to curl up and hide ? 
Why must it be so damned COLD ?! 
is plotting away . 
had a steak earlier . It was juicy , and still pink , and beautifully seasoned . Like a party in my mouth and every one was getting laid . Twice . 
needs to hear from all you FarmVille players . I'm doing an unofficial assignment and could use input from people who play . 
Really detests trying to mention psychology in any essay because it's too interesting and I get sidetracked . : < HALP ! I has a runaway article and I can't stop this thing ! 
wonders why people always seek her out to soothe and comfort them ? 
has realised that I bottle things up too much . I obviously need to rant more . 
What an odd turn my life has taken ... 
... I have tape burns . THANK YOU JADALYCYA ! 
feels so damned tired . I don't know what's going on . 
Ni kar'taylir gar darasuum , ner vode bal cyar'ike . Jate'ca bal cyar'vercope . 
wants to make Uj . 
has the distinct feeling that she truly knows nothing , and is in fact so tired that she couldn't possibly understand whatever is happening . Ever feel like you're stuck in the plot of a book ? Or movie ? Yeah . That's how I feel . 
HEY ! Don't click on the notifications that says anyone tagged and commented on a photo . It's a damn spam thing . 
Hates it that he's not online . And really hates it that she hates that he's not online . >>; 
For the record ... I realy , really , really , really , really , * really * hate those \Serious Talks\ " in any sort of relationship . " 
Is finally going to go pass out after having something extremely embarassing happen , even if it was for the right reasons . 
has come to a conclusion . The more you rant about the people in your life , the more you care about them . It's an odd formula that makes no sense . My second conclusion : relationships of any kind will never ever make sense . 
Someone drill a hole in my head and let out the angry Ewok death metal drummer , please ? Or head will explode . 
Feels much better after being smacked upside the head by people who cared enough to do so . Much thanks and adoration to the Aussie and the Robot . <3 
ZOMG . SUPER BOWL . SAINTS ! Saints for the win ! 
Hates it that she's been woken and now can't return to sleep . Fate , < PROPFEMALE > , you two reeeeeaaaallly like inconviencing me in order to help people don't you ? 
COFFEE is the nectar og the GODS . Especially after being woken by one's aunt , and unable to return to sleep's embrace . /twitch 
feels once again insanely confused and depressed ; perhaps an early bedtime is called for again . 
Ow ... my head . And my sleep schedule . But mostly ow , my head . 
For all the wonderul women in my life , you're beautiful . As you are . Don't worry about changing anything for anyone , because I love you just the way you are . 
I can't stop grinning . xD 
really needs to gain a balance between panicking and being too happy . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , peeps . You're all wonderful , so go out and celebrate some love . 
I hate feeling like I'm trying to read a book in the dark , written in a language that I do not understand and cannot translate , even with several dictionaries and grammar files to help . That's the status of my interpersonal relationships with people right now ; they are baffling . 
Beannachtaí na Fhéle Vailintín . 
just got back from the first part of her sister's party . ... What happens at Kana's STAYS at Kana's and that's all I am saying . 
wonders why relaxation seems so difficult to achieve ? 
feels deliciously evil . Her vode will never see it coming , except for those already involved ... BWA HA HA . <3 
I am * such * a meddlesome little bint . 
YES . People are finally starting to perhaps get ALONG or at least stop actively fighting . xD 
After a shower , and the lastest chapter of Templar , I'm going to abandon you all for Doctor Who . xD 
Don't think I'll be going to the gym today ... My head is killing me again . 
Has not slept all night . MIRD . Luff you . <3 
God , I need a VACATION . 
hittin ' the sack early for the first time in ages . >>; 
Stay away from anyone named Caesar today . xD 
Doesn't feel too great today . Maybe some cocoa and a good book will cure me . 
... I have seen lobsters that are not as red as my face . 
Dear God . I got a taste today of what life will be like if my sweetheart ever screws up seriously . ... I might need several hundred of thousands of dollars for the bail money to bail my friends out of jail , and to cover a funeral . >>; 
Just updated her EPIC SYPE LAWLZ file . ... Is 95 pages . We are too full of eipc , lawlz and general awesome . 
PMS plus illness plus pain . Plus too much to write . Equals a very pissy Gumi . Just saying . 
My head is begging me to allow the bed linens to hold me hostage . Is it still \held hostage\ " if the hostage goes willingly ? " 
Oh , God , my caffiene system has too much blood . Someone , quick , caffienate ! 
... I feel like I'm in over my head . What do you do when you don't know what to do ? That's right . Sleep . 
OW OW OW . Sunburn . Gumi is crispy . 
Just when I thought it was safe to go back to sleep . >.< 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOBQUAAAAAAAAAAAKE . 
IS so bloody tired , she's going to pass out as soon as the peanut gallery is heard from . Peanuts , ASSEMBLE . xD 
has a headache of the most epic proportions . 
Shot my first handguns today . My aim isn't great yet , but I'll get better . It released a surprising amount of tension I didn't know I had . On top of a back massage , it made for a pretty bloody good day . 
This is not the Gumi you are looking for ; move along . @ National < PROPFEMALE > Wars Status Day 
Thinks she might play some Brawl before she has to disappear for a while . 
Good God , working outside in the sun all day really has A , made my arms ache , and B , made me extraordinarily tired . I feel amazing . 
has decided that since she can't sleep yet , despite falling asleep in the middle of a call , she shall watch the < PROPFEMALE > of Doctor Who , and then if she still can't sleep , the sheer badassery of Supernatural or < PROPMALE > because either one is full of awesomeness and win . 
I am here . Your semi-daily shipment of awesome and win has arrived . 
no longer understands this plot called life . Maybe a break is in order . 
says : Today's Supernatural Lesson and Subsequent Food For Thought is \how many of the things we face exist purely because people believe they do ? \"" 
Someone please come take these blackberry \ 
scones I made . The sight of them is making me ill . While I await the horde to descend on my doorstep , I shall content myself with the Winchester boys . 
Four cups of coffee , no sleep for twenty four hours and an energy pill ? Recipe for innnnnnnnnnteresting . 
When life throws you lemons ... forget the lemonade . Nip next door , steal the < PROPFEMALE > and throw a party to take your mind off it . XD 
is going to experiment and make haupia . 
Is happy hour . Yay ! 
Well , apparently I can't stay awake any longer . 
YAY for being productive ! Two chapters , done , two one shots , done , a third in progress , and a present for someone , halfway done ! 
Going to bed early . Night , guys . 
Well this has offcially been the worst week of my life . 
Luck ... has not been with me these last two weeks . Not at all . But maybe things are starting to look up . Finally . 
says The Doctor Who finale was ACES . Bloody brilliant . Can't * wait * for the Christmas Special ( aren't those always interesting ? xD ) and the start of Series 6 . 
wants to go to the lake and get some sun . Away with this < PROPFEMALE > complexion of mine ! 
just went out play in the rain . It was the best I've felt all week . 
is compiling a small cookbook out of my favorite recipes , finally . Yay . 
hates waking up in a cold sweat . Lord , gimme the sunshine soon , to soothe my fearful mind . 
After a week of no computer or editing , I am BACK . 
Well , that went better than I expected it to ... /blink 
Just because you can't see the path doesn't mean it's not below your feet ... 
Thinks she has finally figured out at least one of the things she wants to do with her life . 
is planning for a paintball game sometime this week . Anyone else interested ? 
I . Am . ALIVE ! I swear . Just housesitting with the family for another few days ( well , by few I mean ... ten . Or more . It's a rough guess . xD ) but I swear I'll be back eventually to torture you all . 
Remember . Remember this day , a day that will < PROPFEMALE > through history . Remember the blood and fire and pain , the lives lost , the hearts scarred forever . Hold dear the lives forever afflicted by an inhuman act , and carve their names in your prayers . Never forget 9/11 . 
I'm home , from a long bit of housesitting . Now I think I am going to pass out and enjoy the relative comfy-level of my sleeping apparatus . 
is thinking about putting up a reward for any information that may assist in finding out where the hell my sanity went ! 
has an itch on her back and DAMMIT , BODY , MY ARM DOESN'T BEND THAT WAY . 
My caffeine system has too much blood . Iv of espresso , stat . Must dilute this awful red stuff . 
isn't functioning well today . Let's oil the mental gears with some coffee and see if that helps . 
Has returned from a time of horrors , boys and girls , a time full of drunks and popes and beer goggles galore , and also of being called a lesbian bodyguard . It was called Freak Fest and holy HELL it was indescribable . 
feels like she just agreed to sign her life away and might be ill across her fuzzy purple slippers in response . oO; 
Oh , coffee , how you soothe me . 
starts work early in the morning . xD 
Happy\ 
Birthday , Marines . I give my thanks to those who've already served , \ 
pray for those who are serving , and worry for those going in . Semper Fidelis . 
wonders why when things are finally going right , things always have to go so far wrong you feel like you've suddenly stepped out of reality . 
... fell off a waterslide raft today . > < 
is making cookies . :3 
Feels like there are weights attached to her eyes . > < 
is seething and worried . Supernatural then shower . Maybe bed if I can get my head to stfu . 
feels like everything is spiraling out of control again ... 
Happy Thanksgiving , people . 
really , really dislikes New Yorkers who decide that yelling when they don't get their way is the way to maturely solve things . 
has been wound around someone's finger and manipulated and isn't very sure she minds . In fact , she's very tempted to say \touche and well done . \ " :3 " 
-siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh- 
feels like utter , utter , stressed-out , pain-in-the-head-so-rub-the-temples-and-wish-for-the-gods-of-booze-to-take-mercy-on-you-and-let-you-forget crap . 
is very , very confused . 
has figured out that singing after a whole day of work ( talking at the call center ) results in me losing my voice faaaaaairly rapidly . Here's to lozenges and the hope that it'll be back before work tomorrow . >>; 
OH . MY . GOD . BEST . CHRISTMAS . PRESENT . EVAR . -BEAMING- 
kind of feels like she just got a bomb dropped on her ... 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . Or for more laughs , no word limit . 
Happy Christmas , everyone . -falls asleep- 
Best quote of the day : \Only now do I realize that < PROPFIRST > [ Cullen ] totally ripped off Angel's look and tried to disguise it with glitter . \"" 
Just got a call from the desert that made her day . -grins sleepily- 
hates waiting . 
\Someone who smiles when everything goes wrong has thought of someone else to blame it on . \"" 
has somehow managed to get sick , yet again . The lady next to me at work had the flu and BAM . Coughing so hard my back hurts . 
not only feels like something the cat dragged in , but feels like something the cat found on a street , after being DPS'd by the most op mage ever , brought back to life by the worst restodruid high off those herbs they're always gathering , and thrown off a few cliffs . Hence being dragged in by a sadistic cat who then -- aw , screw it . I feel like crap . ._. 
is going back to writing for a while . Screw this shite . 
' Tis the night before Super Bowl XLV , and all through the house , not a creature is stirring , except for a Gumi . Yay , cooking for the Supahbowl ! 
WELCOME TO THE TUNDR -- oh , okay . GO GREEN BAY . WHOOOOO . -headdesk and passes out- 
... my life just took a turn for the strange and < PROPFEMALE > -- okay , MORE strange and < PROPFEMALE > usual . 
... for the record , men are extremely confusing . oO; 
I JUST SURVIVED MY FIRST BATTLEGROUND . XD I'm so proud of myself . 
... wonder if I can get to 70 without my leveling < PROPMALE > ... 
Got my laptop order in [ thanks to the older brother , lol ] and also FELL AND BUSTED MY HEAD . Great . Thanks , Life , because I really needed to be screwed , again . Also , Winter ? Go screw yourself next time and leave me out of it . 
Oh , my heeeeeead . 
is really , really tired of drama . 
Wonders ... Always so much wondering to be done . So much not knowing . Anyone else ever feel the same ? 
EEEE I have < PROPFEMALE > . I HAVE < PROPFEMALE > . And a new laptop . BUT EEEE < PROPFEMALE > EEEEE . I shall not be seen for a week . I have been turned loose upon the galaxy , upon New < PROPFEMALE > , and NO ONE SHALL SURVIVE MY WRATH . AH HA HA HA . 
apparently can't fly anything larger than a paper airplane due to lack of flying training . Great . > < 
YAY , new ship . And new skills . BUT NEW SHIP . 
... barely survived my first mission . Took me an hour and a half to do what should've been something laughably easy . This crap sucks when you are learning what to do . >>; 
really , really hating the nightmares at this point . -deep sigh- 
is really not looking forward to the tourney . Will likely lose ship . -sigh- Dammit , Jag . Just ... dammit . 
is finally going to try and fit her first ship . -excited- 
Yay , autopilot . Good thing I have good reading . >>; 
... I hate being sick . I mean , I * really * hate being sick . D: 
EEEE . Won my match . This makes me happy . 
waking up to hear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > playing is very amusing . -yawns- 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using four words , write what would you say to me . Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along - four words are harder than you think ! 
is falling asleep to watching Jag teach his nephew how to kill Stormtroopers . Ah , God , my life is grand . -content- 
Guess who's dancing around the kitchen singing < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ? Making homemade cheesecake ? Oh , right , that'd be me . Because I'm full of awesomeness and win . XD 
-blender whirs- Thank God for midnight < PROPFEMALE > night . 
... can't believe she JUST WOKE UP . HOW DID I SLEEP THIS LONG ? 
... So I just found out that < PROPFIRST > Momoa will be playing the new Conan . Do want ? 
wonders how a memory can be locked inside the taste of < PROPFEMALE > , and how ghosts you'd never thought to see again can bring tears to your eyes . 
can't stop crying . Damn headache . 
< PROPMALE > my head out the window like a happy puppy today ; it felt awesome . xD 
feels deliiiiiiiciously eviiiiiil . > D 
Ever had one of those \I am way too sober for this\ " moments ? -raises hand- " 
Oh yeah .. Mage ! tank for the win . Also , extremely happy . 
\A writer is a man who teaches his mind to misbehave . \"" 
... I think I'm getting in way over my head . 
is researching Arthurian Legend for her newest book ; anyone wanna help ? 
is watching old Stargate Atlantis episodes and writing . Whoo ? 
Ahem . Chick ! Tennant . That is all . 
