The shortest path to Heaven(your concept of ) is straight through HELL ... 

What an awesome end to a year that has shown me how much a person can change in 365 days . I am proud of all that flows from and around me today . I should expect nothing less of 2011 . Happy New Years ! Peace , Love & Happiness ! 
feeling glad to be alive today . I want to thank those wonderful friends that love me and I them . 
It a beautiful day the girls are going to cheap trills(clothing store ) and then to Devils Den Park . 
It becomes the pastr which defines us . We are what we have survived . 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond ... If you know me well , you know that I am determined , I love my children , and I can't stand arrogance . 
Some people are a revolving door in our lives we so gladly open once in awhile 
Believe it or not we shape our lives one moment at a time .... 
Everyday I relieze just how much I don't know 
Today is a beautiful day , I will take advantage . 
Some days just don't go according to plan ... hence why we shouldn't plan so much . 
Awaken each day anew .. 
Well ... I have arrived and it is sooo sweet . Watching movies with my babies . 
Acceptance acceptance acceptance ... God please give me some ... 
On a scale from one to Hitler how lucky are you ? or is it about luck at all ? 
Loving the Hampton Inn ... Manager's Reception tonight yeah 
Being a productive member of society can be so rewarding , much more so than chasing that horrific dragon . 
A Soldier is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to the United States for an amount up to , and including , their life ! That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . ... THANK .... A SOLDIER ... TODAY !!! 
If you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living just by being around . < PROPMALE > and Reece -my heart on four little feet . 
I think we were all created to love to hate , and hate to fucking love .... 
So this weekend I am enjoying a minor league baseball game with a girlfriend from fayetteville and I am excited ... 
So in Fayetteville it is one of those nights were its about to storm and the temp is warm , wind feels perfect on your skin and the sky is a teal blue ... LOVE IT . 
So I have the pleasure of attending my son's Mother's Day Tea on Thursday and honestly I am a little excited to kick it with my little man at school 
So it was like the most awesome thing they sang a little song and gave us keychains . I got to share this with one of my BFF from high school . We are all grown up Mrs. Raglin-Corey .. 
HILE you yell at your lady , there is a MAN wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , insult her , there is a man supporting her and reminding her that she is a greatwoman . While you act violently towards her , there is a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make her cry , there is a man that steals her smiles . 
The voice in your head telling you straight , you don't want to listen but see it's too late . For those that don't listen have to FEEL !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !!! 
So it totally corny but a girl I adore at work got me to watch Glee on Hulu and it is AWESOME . I boycotted for awhile because everyone was doing it but nope it is really cute . 
lately Ive noticed a small but very intimate change within . I am so grateful for life long friends , a woman who gave birth to my childs brother b/c we see our kids first , and my ability to swallow my opinion and pride . 
I found it isn't necessary to inform people of your competance and ability if you exhibit everyday .... ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS ! 
It's not what it's like , but what it is ... 
You act like you only see through < PROPFEMALE > glasses ... tell me what you see when I rip them off . 
Happy Birthday Daddy !! Gotta love the big man !! 
The smoothies at the Pontaic Cafe SUCK but the company is wonderful ! 
So today is going to be the greatest day of my life !!! 
So I am dabbling in postive attitude , some days it helps . No I am not getting divorced , you must first get married . From past experiences apparently I am not the wife type . 
I am loving the pool at my apartment ..... 
If you get a < PROPMALE > check out Time magazines 100 Influential people of 2010 . I enjoyed the piece on Admiral < PROPFIRST > Mullen , nice change of pace for the military . 
My baby will be FOUR on Tuesday .... he's growing to be such the tester of boundries , with the most beautiful face . Happy Birthday REECE !!! Mom loves you ! 
There\ 
comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama \ 
and the people who create it , and you surround yourself with people who \ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . \ 
Life is too short to be anything but happy . 
Feeling restless ..... this will either end productive or destructive . To be continued . 
Absolutely exhausted but Reece had a great birthday , full of fighting robots and a talking T-Rex . Now for the move of the century .... 
Visiting one of my dearest friends . 
I am at work all night and I stumbled across this on < PROPFIRST > Grey's website , if you don't know who < PROPFIRST > Grey is find out . 
The Soul \ 
wants us to grow new organs of perception\ 
To aid in our survival . \ 
\ 
Conditions on earth are \ 
always shifting . \ 
Adapt to new conditions \ 
or become extinct . 
Adapt & survive is the\ 
creative outlet of < PROPMALE > . See the vision of \ 
evolution . \ 
Dance the dance . \ 
Some angels evolve the \ 
mind through the eye , \ 
Some through the ear . 
Some movement of\ 
the body , heard , seen and felt\ 
in echoes of human creativity . \ 
\ 
If you like this let me know and I can send you some websites . 
Life happened as we were killin time in a dead end . Fast Forward few years and Daddy plants me on their front porch . From the first day I felt safe , unskeptical , and I was terrified . Some people call life a journey , others an adventure , to me it has always been a test of will against whatever stood in my way . 
So I work in this nice hotel\ 
and live I live in this cul de sac\ 
but they don't know \ 
and they don't know .. 
I love how people are everything but upfront about what they want from you , from life , everything ! If I want something bad enough there isn't going to be question as to my opinion on the matter . 
Today I CHOOSE to enjoy Transformers , water hoses , and the sweet old lady that makes my world spin on it's axis !! 
I read a friend's post about uncharacteristic behavior , which for her lead to celebrating an eighth wedding anniversary(in a time when five years is amazing ) and I felt jealous . Not that angry type of jealous , but more of a sweet clarification of my station in life . For me this is a most uncharacteristic experience . Wanting that day .. white(red ) dress etc . seems bizarre but when is life anything but ... 
This guy walks into the Hampton and gets a room . Informs me that now that he is an Eco-Scientist he took a pay cut from his previous job . What was it ??? BARTENDER of course !! I ask why the change in profession ? WOMEN and BOOZE ... they will get you every time . 
WTF !!!!! 
So it is my birthday tomorrow and I am sure to make the most of it . 
Breakfast in bed , homemade choc turtle cake , and later some Dickson Street Thai food ! Good Birthday ! Thanks everyone ! 
Courage is pushing past fear and greeting the other side with sweet anticipation ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Agent !! XOXO 
So basically I got a 07 Sebring yesterday , no big deal ... 
Reece wants to be a motorcycle riding Rockstar . Like a good mother I will be supportive in all his ventures . 
< PROPMALE > wants to be an explosives scientist , yet again I will be supportive ... 
So it is Friday 13th ; I always enjoy when this day rolls around ! It makes me want to indulge in a bit of trouble .... you never know what I could come with ! 
Change is good , but usually uncomfortable ... 
Walking backwards , looks like i am finally getting there .... R . Miller 
Sometimes you have to eat Ramen Noodles for a year , to eat cake when your old ... 
We only have two options we can live(which consists of activites that promote and insure we stay alive ) or we can die(which is simply the very long and drawn out process of committing suicide ) . It is all in the details my friends . 
bumper sticker of the day ... On a jeep .... if I wanted hummer i would have bought your sister . 
I've carried a child within my body . I've nourished and comforted a baby upon my chest . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I am happy because I see a MOTHER , and there is no greater honor or blessing . 
Close each day and be done with it , you've had some blunders and mishaps perhaps . Slam the door on them , because each day is an opportunity to start anew . Wake , inhale morning air and began this gift cleansed and sincere . 
Please note I am NOT in favor of religion . The following is a spiritual ( not religious ) Zen saying I stand behind as some people do church .. \In spiritual practice there are only two things : you sit and you sweep the garden . And it doesn't matter how big the garden is . \"" 
\There is no one that would have me - I can't cook . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Garbo\ 
I play video games now , I VOLUNTEER at a rape crisis center and in my son's first grade class . If you knew me 10 years ago maybe(probably not ) if it was 3 years ago you would assume it benefited me in some way , and it does . I am proud when I sleep , and sympathetic when I listen , and involved in the lives I created . People change don't give up on them . 
What did you listen to on your way to work etc . ? \ 
I started with Guns N Roses Mr. Brownstone\ 
Hendrix- All Along the Watchtower\ 
Hendrix- Voodoo Child\ 
The White Stripes- Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground 
homecooked meal via me ! I am as shocked as u promise ! 
Hatred has no value . Regret only makes you miserable . So I will push forward , things always come full circle . Yeah I am talking about you my friend .. 
So we get about four block in front of < PROPMALE>'s Elementry and he tells me turn off my ipod(which is playing some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > he likes ) . I ask what the problem is ? He says \it will draw attention to me Mom there are speakers in the doors and when I get out everyone hears your \ " hippie\ " music . \ " He snarls and says \ " you can be so clueless . \ " I am officialy old ! " 
So I am fully appreciating Southern hospitaility ... the boys , Gran , and I moved into this wooded gateway about two months ago . Last night as we are watching Pawn Stars(appeals to my Gran b/c it's like a history lesson ) the boys are called over by our ONLY neighbor . They come back with a cookie cake that says WELCOME NEIGHBOR . Now thats awesome(we have serveral edible treats in store for this lovely family .. ) 
I am having a conversation with someone today , and I so desperately wanted this person to be someone else . It had nothing to do with them , but the entire time I am having constant flashbacks of conversations with another person . I also became acutely aware of how much I enjoy sitting with someone and being completely content with saying nothing at all . Were there is no need for banter because you can simply be .... 
i has the best time at the fayetteville underground galleries last night . Then dinner @ boarding's . Great paintings and lots of mixed media < PROPMALE > . high five to ur bf tiphany hall for his work with the boys club . heard great things about him last night . < PROPMALE > didn't let the who fly when i dropped off for school either ! 
I paid 844 dollars in sales tax on my car today ........ Ur welcome Arkansans ' anything I can do to help . 
Port'e de enfer 
what you give tesla 
its a fuckin awesome day and i am glad to be alive 
mom came in from louisanna we had great night seafood , old navy , white chocolate , and starbucks .... U gotta love my mom i do very very much . Thanks to my auntie < PROPFEMALE > for having her back always . Love all the laplantes ! 
So my Mom just left and I miss her already ....... no matter what there is NOTHING like your mother to make you feel at ease . Love you always lady ! 
So apperently I sent everyone on my friends list a message I received ........ didn't mean to . I can't veiw it either so SORRY . And my < PROPMALE > made 100% on his first spelling test Chuckie Cheese here we come ... 
So basically shit ALWAYS runs downhill , personal I choose to get out of the way these days instead of nose diving into it ...... just something to think about ! 
Dear People who are scared to drive fast orin the rain , If you are approaching a curve and you feel as if you may be going a bit fast the last thing you do is apply brakes . Knuckle down and continue on . So in shorthand- Brakes+Cruves = loss of control !!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Hicks and my father for drilling this in my head ! 
So yesterday I was feeling a bit uncomfortable about being single , and really missing somethings I left ......... then the interstate backs up . While sitting there I look over and this guy is slamming a door while a girl is yelling out the window . As she pulls away I see her almost hit him with the car . Suddenly I am very grateful to be single !! 
had a blast @ chuckie cheese and then horton hears a who . 
I have come to notice that there were times in my life that I drove a train straight to hell , pitched a tent and stayed awhile . Today those times make so grateful I got off that train ; now I am just on a Sunday afternoon drive with the top down . 
i went and checked out a poetry contest last night and the variety , talent , and original work was outstanding . 
Getting out fall clothes , and dinner with a dear friend after a few days of craziness . Looking like a very good day ! 
did I mention we have a lost turtle in our house ?! 
hogs are kickin ass 
And the hogs won !! Glad to be a local of Fayetteville these days ! 
@ < PROPFIRST>'s super excited to see Miss Tiphany Hall ! 
Can't quite explain the comfort of sitting down with a LADY I love like Miss Tiphany Hall , after a decade she and I are as close as we have always were . Had a wonderful time , and grateful to have a best friend so close . 
Absolute insanity , and only my family got hurt ... I was not reliving my past ; but revenge and jealousy eat others up . I haven't taken blows like I did today ever without intoxication , and thank God I had someone besides me in my corner . Exhausted , worried , but relieved all in one . SCARY ! 
You can call it < PROPFEMALE > , fate , Divine intervention .... terminology is your choice . Today , after the insanity of yesterday ; exactly what I needed landed in my lap at the exact time . So now I got a BFF back around , a job that feels like home , and < PROPMALE>'s progess report was very positive . Everything comes full circle ... just wait for it . 
So I in the shower and just as I turn off the water(haven't even reached for the towel yet ) and I hear Reece saying \Mom ...... Mom is this book about monsters ? \ " I peep out the curtain and he has an < PROPMALE > book of mine on graffiti . So I think ... how do you explain what graffiti is to a four yr old from Ark ?? I say \ " Reecie can I please have a towel first ? \ " Welcome to my world ! " 
Oh geez @ the hotel and there has already been a vagrant in the parking lot , I mean come on lady ... these people are paying 179.99 a night they probably can't afford you(maybe she has a CC machine ); ) 
Does anyone know < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > from Jonesboro ? Kindof important .. 
watching < PROPMALE > with the boys . I love this cartoon ! 
I am loving this weather !! Had a crazy but entertaining weekend at work , and did I mention I love my job . 
Jet Cold Hard Bitch ... Nice 
Watching UFC ... I love that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
So one of the best artist's I seen in while happens to have went to high sch w/ me check out his Cd on Amazon : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > I Think Its Time 
So today I will remember to be grateful for my life , every minute of it . What lies ahead of us fails in comparison with what lies within us . 
The best way out is through . - < PROPFIRST > Frost 
“Confront\ 
the dark parts of yourself , and work to banish them with illumination\ 
and forgiveness . Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will\ 
cause your angels to sing . Use the pain as fuel , as a reminder of your\ 
strength . ”- August < PROPMALE > 
Life is not measured in the breath we take , but by the moments that take our breath away . 
Taking the boys to check out the Harleys on Dickson ! 
Have u ever slept in the most uncomfortable position just to be as close to ur child as possible ? I have no regrets instead I am going for warm donuts and chocolate milk ! 
Some random guy just asked if he could take a hair off my boob , I gave him the number to the local cab for after The Crowes concert . Love my job ! 
It has been the most rewarding weekend in years ; Harleys with my boys , Avocacy training , and a wonderful meal . Things are lookin up kid ... 
Going to a real estate auction before work tonight and I am pretty excited about it . 
I want you to want me ... 
Taking the boys to check out Fayetteville Underground tonight pretty excited ! 
My Daddy is coming to bring tents for our first camping trip tomorrow , then an antique auction with someone pretty cool . I pity those who chose not to be around because they are missing some awesome life experiences . Fayetteville Underground was awesome last night , the boys loved it Thanks to all the vendors for sharing their work work with us . 
Survived my first Tiger Cub campout ! Looking forward to checking out some galleries on Wednesday , proud but exhausted . 
Life makes up in height what it lacks in length . - < PROPFIRST > Frost 
Writing has laws of perspective , of light and shade just as painting does , or music . If you are born knowing them , fine . If not , learn them . Then rearrange the rules to suit yourself . - < PROPMALE > Capote 
oh wont u please take me home ..... axl 
Explored another < PROPMALE > gallery today , fabulous < PROPMALE > and one of my favorite people to enjoy it with , Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
so basically you can loose weight , dye your hair , etc .... but you have no cure for ignorance and stupidity . Read a book , the news , something .... EXPAND YOUR HORIZONS !! 
first question of the day I asked , can we please go shoot some guns @ the range . looking like a good Sunday 
didn't make it the range today , later this week . took a wonderful drive to the lake and then chilled @ home with kids . 
So I have been @ work since you went to bed , about to go over to the crisis center , switch cable companies , and design my son Tiger Cub flag(hopefully I sketch a bit of my own too ) . Sleep ?? Possibly .... I hope . Did I mention this is all natural behavior ?? No additives :) 
There is nothing like flowers especially when don't expect them , thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
So my kids socially able to conquer to the world , and I have no clue where he got that trait 
\Bad artists copy . Great artists steal . \ " \ 
so going to get hay to make scarecrow , and ghosts to < PROPFEMALE > from the trees . I am thinking chili for dinner 
so one of the greatest men I know became famous last night he just doesn't know it yet . Congrats < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > on ur cd release love u 
Basically if we all did much more breathing and much less talking our world would change drastically- Me 
little Audioslave , Black Crowes ..... Clean as a whistle , smelling like a < PROPFEMALE > 
Carving pumpkins then looking forward to a meal made by < PROPFIRST > , pretty exciting ! 
You can explore the universe looking for somebody who is more deserving \ 
of your love and affection than you are yourself , \ 
and you will not find that person anywhere . 
It's HALLOWEEN !!! And we are taking over the Wedington Woods ! We plan on eating < PROPFEMALE > til we pass out , who could ask for a better holiday ?? 
it is getting serious around here , Ironman 2 icecream and every kind of < PROPFEMALE > u can name even < PROPFIRST > and ikes . That's right < PROPFIRST > and ikes . 
Watched Sister wives for the first time tonight ... wow I don't even know what to say . It's so rare for me to be @ a loss for words . 
For\ 
the month of November honoring \ 
Thanksgiving , I will post one thing I am grateful for each day as my \ 
status . Please copy and repost if you agree !! I am following the lead of a very smart lady . I am grateful that I will be taking the boys on a mock Polar Express train ride through Branson(which includes < PROPFEMALE > , cookies , and hot cocoa ) for < PROPMALE>'s birthday . Making memories that show my love for those two bruisers . 
Today ... has been long . I am super grateful to have an awesome boss , and a lady like my Gran in my life because they don't make them like her anymore . 
Today I am grateful that when I call or think of my friends it is completely selfless . I am thankful for serenity and true enjoyment I experience out of each and everyday . Life is what you make it and I am creating something priceless . Enjoy your day my friends ! 
I am grateful to have my BFF back on American soil , for cold and allergy medicine , and the fact that I am taking the brusiers to see Megamind tomorrow and I am as excited as they are . 
Today I am grateful the fireplace in our house , and the beautiful weather . And last but not least MEGAMIND !!!!! 
Grateful for the wonderful man who brought me medicine , for the most well behaved to children that could ever been produced by me , and I adored MEGAMIND ! 
So I have been terribly sick with an Upper Respiratory Infections :( Grateful to my wonderful coworkers , Dr. Bonner , this man I can't quit talking about and the most important lady ... drumroll MY GRAN ! 
Happy VETERANS Day ! Thank you to all the men you serve our country . I am grateful for a warm day , holidays with my family , and easy breathing today ! 
Beautiful weather , looking forward to the upcoming trip to Louisana . I am grateful for all things today . 
Those who take for granted are fools , I am no fool today . What about you ? 
so we r going to church Reece requests < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > is doing the robot to The Way u Make Me Feel . These children were born in 03 and 06 , I have accomplished Rock History for the week . 
Keeping my mouth shut is so hard sometimes .... but the payoff is priceless . So looking forward to seeing my beautiful mother soon ! She's a woman of many strengths . 
Today I am grateful for my wonderful children , and super excited to be taking them to New Orleans in 3 days . We bought a tree last night and today I am going to get a few decoration . Pretty excited about the holidays ! 
laying in bed after work , when I arrived my babies were asleep but < PROPMALE > left a drawing on my pillow . Children are ur legacy ur motivation , and ur solice from all that makes u question urself . 
Two of my FAVORITE people in world have Birthdays today . Love you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!! Leaving for New Orleans tomorrow ... EXCITED . I am just grateful today !! 
en route to Louisiana ... with so many many things to be thankful for . I am blessed with wonderful parents , children and the most amazing Gran in the world ! 
We are in creole country , love love my mother she's a wonderful lady !! Taking the boy's to see live alligator today , then to aquarium in the Bass Pro Shop here !! I appreicate all the wonderful people that have made my mother feel at home in Louisiana ! Super excited about the cajun Thanksgiving ! 
Yesterday was the best photos to come did I mention they sell shrimp for three dollars a pound here . Happy Thanksgiving to everyone may u be as blessed as I feel today the world would be free of hate and hearts would soar with happiness ! 
Taking the boy's to the Children's museum today . Grateful to miss < PROPFEMALE > Huffman today . 
Made it back to Arkansas , attended a beautiful wedding in Eureka Springs , headed back to work tonight . So much to be grateful for . 
Sometimes you just need to sit still , breathe in through your nose , and exhale slowly through your mouth . And all becomes right with the world . 
I got my information from the U of A today , where I will be starting in the spring . Pretty excited :) I LOVE hearing BOTH of my parents telling me how proud they are , it is pretty sweet on this side of the fence . 
I am reading The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and it's awesome . And x-mas shopping for two little men , chemistry sets and transformers . 
“Anyone\ 
can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it \ 
together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's \ 
true strength . ” 
Watching MMA with Reece , I love it he's four and he's like '' U want a piece of me sucker '' and '' Thats gotta hurt '' haha 
Yeah that < PROPFEMALE > Rabbit .... I would have dated < PROPMALE > Rabbit anyday ! Have a blessed day ! 
In\ 
loving memory of every family member and friend who has lost their \ 
battle with drugs , and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on \ 
your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had an addiction . ? ? \ 
? 
Looking forward to The Expendables , some popcorn , and chocolate tonight !! Took the boys to St. < PROPMALE>'s this morning to a live nativity seen , where they got to check out a donkey . Pretty good day ! 
so I might be a boy scout event , volunteer for rape crisis mother ; who likes to sleep on her vacations . But Mr. Brownstone is still one of my favourite songs , because whatever I am doing I am doing to the fullest . 
is excited about Christmas , school and just life in general these days . 
Likes using the word majestic , glorious , radiant in at least five sentences a day . Courtesy of Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .... 
Taking Computers in < PROPMALE > and Teaching K-12 < PROPMALE > : Currciulum and Classroom , STOKED ! Locked my keys in my car : deflated my excitment . Still all in all a very blessed day ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the most amazing person i have ever met !!!!!!!!!!!! he is the greatest !!!! lol jk 
Taking the boys to Branson tomorrow for < PROPMALE>'s birthday . Happy birthday little boy !! XOXO -Love your Mom 
checked into the hampton , dinner @ shorty malls , drove around looking @ lights , and swimming in the pool . Happy birthday to my boy hope hes having as fun as I am . Life is so so so good . 
I have tomorrow off and I am pretty excited about it ! 
wants to know why she is getting emails from Bosley hair treatment ?? Next it will be those little scooters ... I am just sayin . 
is watching Inception . Love it 
Here is a bit of Reece logic for you ; \Mom I have to wear my underwear backwards so that I can see Spiderman otherwise he's on my butt and I can't see nothing ! \ " HAHAHA " 
\To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ”- < PROPMALE > " 
So we went and we conquered , in the process I had the most wonderful time . Thanks to the terrific crew ! I learned some new stuff and came back pumped to work for a wonderful company . 
Okay so I am pumped about my Daddy's cooking , looking forward to Christmas a little more everyday ! Love you Daddy ! 
Watched Eat Pray Love last night and it was wonderful . Reinforced my current thoughts on the need for meditation , and research into western religions . 
watched < PROPMALE > and Reece do a jam session ; < PROPMALE > on his new keyboard and Reece on guitar . < PROPMALE > has had the keyboard for two days and can play the Tennessee waltz ... those are my children and they literally ROCK . I am not braggin I am just sayin ... 
To say I am blessed , humble , grateful , and constantly trying improve would be an honest assumption . 
Just saw the most amazing Lunar Eclipse ... 
attended the most amazing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > themed Hampton Xmas party . Great food , roulette tables , Wii , and wonderful company ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for joining me love you too ! 
I am posting from my new kindle . I have had the most wonderful xmas ever with my Daddy . Photos to come . Today is one of the most beautiful women I know's birthday ... my mother . Happy Birthday Mom I love u so very much ! 
I just want to say what an absolutely wonderful Christmas this has been . Thank you to my kiddos , my gran , my parents , and < PROPFIRST > . I am truly blessed !! May everyone have a wonderful Christmas !! 
I am so very grateful to be alive , it was a wonderful holiday . 
got an awesome gift from her BFF < PROPFEMALE > . Love you lady ! 
I mean seriously ??? Come on now ............... 
Is in a relationship and it's not complicated ! 
Ran 2 < PROPMALE > and went the gym yesterday , about to head back . I made my boyfriend my famous lasagna which probably cancels out the workout , but we had a great time . 
So < PROPFIRST > cooked and delivered homemade dinner to me , Gran and the kiddos . Then he drove me to work in the most beautiful snow ever . I felt like a < PROPFEMALE > . He's pretty awesome , I am not bragging i am just sayin . 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound , and pray for you .. because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are an adult . You will never find someone who loves you , cares about you , and worries about you more than your Mom ! Copy and paste if you are a MOM . 
had the wonderful day . Antiques , < PROPMALE > E Cheese , and downtown Fayetteville with my favorite guy ! 
Workout check\ 
Tanning check\ 
and totally pumped about being back in an < PROPMALE > studio check ! 
is totally sad . < PROPFEMALE > , the dog that my mom and I gave my Gran when I was 12 had a few strokes today . 16 years my Gran has had that lady , and I love her to death . :( 
“I do my thing and you do yours . I am not in this world to live up to your expectations , and you are not in this world to live up to mine . You are you and I am I , and if by < PROPMALE > we find each other , then it is beautiful . If not , it can't be helped . ”\ 
Gestalt prayer 
CAD class today and I am STOKED !! 
The more we sweat in peace the less we bleed in war . 
Take what you need and leave the rest .... 
Today is a great day !! 
Modern vs Post-Modern < PROPMALE > ? Post-Modern all the way . Formalities are for those who think inside the box , and personally I never had enough room in that box . It was a great day just like I thought . 
I am doing domestic duties , enjoying life and every aspect today . I am gonna give myself a bit of credit in making my life what it is . I am not braggin I am just sayin ... 
The boys and Gran went to deal with the real estate agent , and I was all alone last night . I crawled into bed with a movie , and became very aware of how much I miss and love them . How my life would be quite insignificant without them . I am GRATEFUL !! 
So my family is tucked into their prospective beds . Enjoyed some homemade enchiladas I made last night , what my favorite guys . This weather makes you want to drive with the windows down jammin some Rolling Stones ! 
It's a blizzard here and I love it ! 
On my mind ? That I am bummed U of A is closed because I enjoy going to class ; that I am totally looking forward to building a car for Pinewood derby(Boy Scouts ) with Dad and < PROPMALE > ; finally I am excited about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Day gifts . 
So I made excellent ribs for my family . Watching a movie with my beautiful Gran , and tomorrow making a model of the solar system with the boys b/c we want to . LOVE SNOW DAYS ! Peace out . 
“We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . ” < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
On occasion(or more often)I have been known to be quite blunt with very little room left for interpretation , this I consider one of my best qualities . 
There is nothing in the world like knowing the person you love believes in you . There is no greater compliment . 
Red Bull . 
It's one of my favorite days ! If I have ever loved you I still do , may flowers be brought to your doorstep , chocolates to your mouth , and whatever your heart desires . :) :) :) 
I am a little sickly .. 
Sugar Lusty Thighs 
I love hearing Reece(who is 4 ) say \When I was little .... \ " Now seriously only my child could think he has so much life experience pumping through him @ 4 . Have a nice day . " 
“I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
Blue N Gold Boy Scouts banquet tonight . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ahead of time for being a team player :) 
Yeah I got a research paper to and artwork inquiry to do , but that's cool cause on the way to work 93.3 played Hendrix , The Black Crowes , and ended with $ Pink < PROPMALE > . 
Artist Lecture tonight then a workshop tomorrow , makes for an excited < PROPFEMALE > . Have a fabulous day :) 
I attended a funeral for my cousins 17 month old baby yesterday , and my heart still hurts . Grateful so very grateful I am for life today . 
I f**king love Fayetteville !! 
< PROPFIRST > Starr .... you will be missed . 
Dear Friends , I have a personal reason for Asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has/ had cancer . My prayer is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will u post it ? Just 1 hour . Do it for all of us ... 
Seriously ?..... I mean cmon man . 
Just picked up my Dalai Lama tickets , and I am pretty excited ! 
It's a beautiful day ! Happy party day Lil P , love you much ! Tomorrow is < PROPMALE>'s Pinewood Derby and we are gonna WIN ! 
You can't always get what you want .... that's not true . But usually what you want changes before you get it . I am just sayin ... 
Today I have no need for more of this or that . I don't ponder what could have been , because I learned much along the way . I simply smile in sunshine and the rain , and have gratitude that my world is as it should be . -Me\ 
` 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the best co-worker/son ever , in the history of all time . i love working with him and just being around him in general is an awesome experience . 
Taking the boys to see their Pawpaw today in Tulsa , shooting ranges , fishing , aquarium and museums . I love you Daddy ! Oh and lets not forget my Dad has mad cooking skills :) 
10 fish but who is counting ? We are hitting the Philbrook Museum of < PROPMALE > tomorrow , then Mexican , and Spades @ Dad's . Here is a BIG high five for Spring Break ! 
I am about to over extend my tolerance for bullshit . 
Someone hacked me !! Again 
So I am not bragging or anything , but I love who I am and what I stand for . - Me 
I am somewhat anxious , and on constant outlook for danger after a very unsettling event . I don't like not being able to relax . If you know me , you know how naturally high strung I am . So this feeling complicates matters tremendously . 
< PROPMALE > is not what you see , but what you make others see . \\ 
“The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances ; if there is any reaction , both are transformed . ” 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is so wonderful , I don't know what I would do without him . He is like the son i never had . Thank you so much < PROPFIRST > for being so wonderful , amazing , and kind hearted . You truly are one of my favorite people in the world . 
I like to watch monkey's go poop . 
