Marathon watched The Office ( British ) . Stared at snow on mountains . Ate great Thai food . My new year holds joy . 

is full of food , roly poly-pat the belly-groan a little full of good food . Met fine people . Baths help digestion , no ? 
is being very selective . Great things , appreciated . Crappy things , steadfastly ignored . 
Had the best carrot cake today , homemade . Warm soft homemeade peanut butter cookies . Good quality pizza . I get to go to Oregon tomorrow . Life is grand , with cream cheese frosting . 
is away from home , happily . Road trip flew by . Glad to be with the stellar company , look forward to a weekend that'll fill my cup . 
The Scotts are demon cooks . 
had a great Oregon trip ; hosts , travelling partner , food , weather , cats , the ride , all of it . Needed it . Got it . Good . 
wasted an hour trying to buy tickets for Costa Rica online . Turns out the site is broken , says tech support . Pricing tickets confusing enough . Meh . 
ponders parsley , Iran , the lure of action movies , McCoy , grilled cheese , flax seed oil , ingrates , blinders , divorces , game nights , < PROPFEMALE > stings , habits , Agate , wounds . 
is anti-bee today . Skin gone wrong is off-putting . 
is so very dim . 
has been robbed by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 258 times int two days . That's not a typo . Two-hundred and fifty-eight . Sixty in a row in 10 minutes . Hundreds of millions to repair . Plus fifteen straight attacks . So awesome . Mafia Wars not fun currently . 
thinks on ice cream , sleep , cruelty , buttons , Kemelman , Gawande , parsley , health , focus , bad puns , the pervasive need to blame , pillows , Fisher , waterfalls , effort . 
loves game nights . To the many people who have goals or battles for tomorrow or July : fight the power . Ignore jerks . Stay low to the ground . Beware assumptions . Keep yourself fed , watered , and rested . Repeat : ignore jerks . Turn up the volume . 
thinks the first day of the second half of the year was a success . Bullets dodged , successes witnessed , hurdles jumped , cherries eaten . Some of you have mad squabbles ; I'm taking notes . 
had a productive , relaxed day . Pleasant surprises abounded . People shined ; showed their best , were the best . Socks knocked off . 
is having a fine , fine morning . Chatting , puttering , tea , palling , lazing , pondering ... ahhh . The day feels like an open vista . 
wonders of anyone is going to be around Eureka Old Town ( fry bread ! ) , or if most are going the Arcata route . 
had fry bread , shaved pork sandwich ( Hurricane < PROPFEMALE>'s and kicked down-sweet ) , superb cheese puffs . People watching highlights included woman with her framed 2Pac picture , the orthodox priest's grin-was the book funny , or are all of us funny ? 
new neighbor disquieting ; religious , patriotic-very shady . The old neighbors , freaky dealers I never talked to , were the best damn neighbors . No drama ever . I crank my music , what the hell they gonna do ? But this new squeaky clean lady , I smell trouble . 
needs < PROPFIRST > Waterson sedation . 
has < PROPFEMALE > on her mind . 
has laser focus . 
is full of that almost creepy sobriety gratitude . Putting cherries in the fridge after game night , bath running , \We Used to Vacation\ " cranked to eleven ... it really could have ended up very differently . " 
can't shake it , just can't shake it . A motto is \ignore jerks\ " but just can't shake it . Distractions ineffective . Meh . " 
discovered < PROPFEMALE > Vowell late in life . ( Sedaris early , Vowell late . Bowie early , < PROPMALE > Bolan late . Go figure . ) 
Lovely . When googling my wi-fi and other problems , found out my HP Pavillion , that's beyond warranty , is prone to wi-fi and power failures that require hardware repair . Repair isn't going to be cost effective . So very lame . 
ponders sleep . Glad for books and blueberries . 
thinks about chimpanzees , bring ignored , being seen , curls , cherries , calm , Schiff , habits , sweet tooths , plane tickets , ice picks , Petroski , Bundy , lap dances . 
\The family is never put to any of the tests of snobbery . \"" 
wonders why having socks on is so .... unsexy . Bra and panties ? Sexy . Bra , panties , and socks ? Not so much . 
: IT department broke my computer and the mechanic broke my car . Any friends feel like being mean ? Good day regardless . Yeah , that's right . Perpetrating peoples better step the #$%^ back . 
has packed her bags : < PROPFEMALE > Lake and Sacramento . 
is ready for Highway 36 . Podcasts , music , sugar snap peas , prospect of sleeping in a tent on the ground , which oddly does not disturb . Love my annual trip , and want nothing to disturb it . Fifth annual , sixth ... habits , habits . 
is with Demetri < PROPFIRST > on the glass half empty/half full question : why is the glass not the right size ? 
knows the drive to Sacramento will be gorgeous , and Sae Chao strawberries are out , but wishes she were a < PROPMALE > more into the road trip . 
is in Sacramento Meeting Land . 
needs a stiff limeade and a bath with bath salts * and * bubble bath . 
is very very very awake . 
is contemplating one brilliant cup of coffee . 
is up , drinking tea , wondering why she's been out of bed an hour . 
is heading to the river . Lost her only bathing suit that doesn't really fit anyway , loaned out her only sunscreen . Matters not at all , so very excited . 
says \Hell-O Monday ! \"" 
adores living alone , absolutely adores it . 
Who's the Boom < PROPMALE > ? 
New day . Low to the ground , bubble wrapped , focussed , music loud . 
Is it me or is it The New Yorker ? < PROPMALE > Gladwell , Atul Gawande’s brilliant piece , Nicholson Baker ( old love of mine ; “spinnakered typographical elegrance” indeed ) , the piece on the orthodox bells , a two parter on Siberia : it’s old school , it’s 
Walking to work again , yup , planning for another productive day , breaking arrows flying in my direction , standing tall and lying low and the same time , not taking anything personally , nope , and drinking tea all day like it's nectar . 
Trifecta work day : productive , interested , ice cream cone . 
Something is scrabbling in my walls-racoon ? Cat ? Rat ? Or is something in the actual house ? Or is someone in the house ? Been here six years , know the house noises-this is really loud and real . Creepy . 
considers games , ganster rap , hummus , disengagement , beds , fact fancying , confusion , travel , perspective visually , perspective mentally , < PROPFEMALE > Lathen , friends , safety , jokes . 
is going to get all prepped for next week ; a week of calm , strut , food , walking , boom , focus , pleasure , health . 
Heal fully . Find the dog . Find some peace with the aloneness . Yes , you are handsome . I am very proud of you for not drinking , even if it's just a trial . I am proud of you for being brave . You keep it in but we listen anyway . Your site is well-written ; you 
A forward day , momentum , stride , oomph . A lot of potential to go kerplooey , so additionally appreciated . Time for quinoa , < PROPMALE > , zucchini , parmesan , and smiling . 
stands alone . 
has her head in about eight places . 
is fantasizing about hash browns and omelets . 
plucks the postive from unlikely fields . 
is making a lot of choices today . It could be a very productive day . I need to be very , very focused . At least five distractions . Girded . I'd really , also , like the unkindness to be paused . that's my plan . Lots of work , good work . 
Slow and low , that is the tempo . 
has Costa Rica tickets , and a mind set on journeying . 
went to get an ice cream cone , went to the waterfront , got another cone , went to La Chaparrita and had fried ice cream . Very much enjoyed the evening . 
is ready for the road shopping , mostly . Ready to spend , which isn't like her . 
is deciding between a cone or a sundae , and is aware enough to be grateful that's what's on her mind . 
I just napped . Odd . Two hours ? No . 
Good gravy . Tearing up at < PROPFEMALE > . 
I highly recommend Arcata Scoop ; the ice cream is very , very nice . And canasta is a darned good game . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Saturday sweetness . Day stretches before me . Possibility to do anything , plus the possibility of aimlessness . Satisfying . 
ponders Scrabble , parsely , football , dealbreakers , laziness , calm , drunks , heart takers , possibilities , fretting , writing , ice cream . 
Good night , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Thank you , and good night . 
Sacramento bound . Music with doses of < PROPFIRST > Glass . 101 to 20 gorgeousness . 
Sacramento visits have the benefit of making me see Humboldt with new eyes , every time . 
drives to Sacramento again today . Shame I'm not a good driver a lot of road work going . My ffb team is projected to lose and I can't watch any games . However I am about to have a stellar breakfast and the scenery will be gorgeous . So the whining is unwarranted . 
The flu vaccine ... not loving it right now . Nope , I'm not . 
Bopping . 
mulls over road trips , Gervais , favors , errands , mail order clothes that fit , mix tapes , < PROPMALE > , raw seeds , limes , angst , Bran < PROPFIRST > 3000 , denim , Costa Rica , driving tests . 
considers love of rain , goat cheese , overpacking , Foolish Mortal Comics , < PROPFIRST > Savage , beans , journeys , Agate , bosses , joy , colds , excitement , garulousness . 
had slugs , goat cheese , and a little bit of happiness for breakfast . 
thinks homemade oatmeal cookies sans raisins may be a good dinner . 
swooped down 299 through the fog . Damned good life . 
enjoyed the day , the month . Road trips , pie , new friendships , old ones , podcasts , music , flannel , movies , creeks , fog , ice cream , hilarity , Greek mythology , risk , reward , oatmeal cookies , Rakoff , canasta , cribbage , softness . 
Hope Hope ! 
Been looking forward to Friday . Here in 20 minutes ! 
knows some fine , fine people . Thanks , everybody . 
It appears that in Costa Rica I'll be able to see collared peccaries . Who knew that's what I wanted ? 
< PROPMALE > Fillion dressed up as Captain < PROPMALE > Reynolds for Halloween on his new show Castle . I do love that trash show even more now . Bubblegum done right . ( Why am I up ? ) 
flannels up . 
thinks on flying , smuggling monkeys , limes , fear , rain , < PROPMALE > Whitaker , courage , friends in need , friends far away , Romo , going to rain . 
finds that feeling of being dim , not being able to figure something out , near intolerable . Need to leave the country . Good thing I have tickets . 
I am in La Fortuna . So lush , green . The planes were usual mad people watching : fainting flu man , eurotrash partiers , sober guy needing some kudos . Virgin pina colada very turista , but hell . Discussing politics with driver-fun stuff . Plantains really good . Thermal baths tomorrow . Yes . 
My first bath in ten days was even better than I imagined it would be . Nice to be cold again , too . I've been up 26 hours now , and dealt with LAX . Smuggled baby sloth : favorite souvenir . Home ! 
Peyton Manning is bloody brilliant . 
Dog-sitting < PROPFIRST > , watching nfl.com/live , and appreciatin ' . 
The Sting held up . Nice . 
< PROPFIRST>'s gone ; his owner picked him up . That was nine fine days of dogsitting . I know other folks don't want to hear the stories or see the pictures ; it's enough for me that I was charmed , and that he found me charming . 
thinks on coleslaw , cribbage , canasta , poker , baths , silence , hope , football , texts , distance , coffee , tea , Gladwell , Gossip's Music for Men , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , postcards , calm . 
Two people specifically asked me for coffee from Costa Rica . Was it you ? 
mulls over family , pie , rage , VH1 , snow , Bran < PROPFIRST > 3000 , loss , bellies , flight , raunch , resilience . 
New music bought and lent to me shockingly good . Played shockingly loud . The way to really know I'm no longer in a hotel room . 
has in mind Great Britain , tea with vanilla , cold medicine , overthrowing the concept of guilty pleasures , comfort , substance , decluttering , taking things personally , games and cards , starts and fits , Vic Chestnutt , Word Wars , late nights at < PROPFIRST>'s , feta cheese . 
New Year's goes with my perennial , sometimes unwarranted , optimism . 
had a forty ouncer .... of coffee . Wheeeeeee ! 
I have a fair amount of broken stuff , and books thrown all over . I fell in the middle as far as damage ; others had little or none , but others had much more , or structural damage . The office will be interesting . 
Cleaning up the broken glass on the floor . Reshelving books . 
I recommend not getting stitches in your mouf . 
Really pleased I no longer have a TV in the bedroom . It was great for a while , but I was done . 
spaces on sea salt , Milky Way bars , need , flush draws , good folds , stitches , being let go of , melted cheese , The Avett Brothers , cocoa , thunder , confusion , clarity , joy . 
considers nightmares , snow , road trips , siblings , pizza , Triscuits , worry , heft , theft , hash browns , Thinking Allowed , < PROPMALE > & cheese , abstention , < PROPFEMALE > , acquiescence , tea , sugar , MFK Fisher , fear , thunder , Dahvi , ice picks , love . 
The DHCS lawyer lecturing was wonk hawtness . With the volume up enough the seat vibrated . One of the most thoughtful Christmas presents in years on my doorstep . Thank you , Mr. Salinger , for the Glass family . 
I'm not much against taxes . I do find it weird , though , that my taxable interest bumped up my tax amount enough to eat up a third of the interest amount . I'm still going to save , but clearly not for the interest . 
First for me tonight : Shakespeare play . I've wanted to see one for a long time . February's a favorite month ; may I find what I always do in it . 
Nightmares , o nightmares . 
considers Manning , snow , exile , coffee , lipstick , losing , stillness , birthdays , detachment , courage , insignificance , recumbent bikes , road trips , salmon , errands . 
The ants in the pants prior to a six day weekend are quite active ants . 
ponders sweet potatoes , disappointment , bucking up , hope , linguine , dishes , poker , NPR , OTH , invitations , jerks , madelines , < PROPFEMALE > , hockey , fevers . 
likes fries with mayonnaise , suspects people , is fond of February and sobriety , learns to cook , celebrates Chinese New Year's multiple days , sits idle . 
Next door neighbor playing some thumping bass . Raccoons under the house scrabbling . Would like to be more open minded about these things , but am not in a state of acceptance . Shut . Up . Leave me alone . 
Eating , eating , cleaning , eating , drinking tea , cleaning , eating , eating . 
Bought flowers . Rare occurence . 
Eleven years . It's a habit , now , to be sober , but I can't mistake that swell of gratitude in my chest . I know < PROPFEMALE > would have been proud . 
My little friend visiting me is not greedy . She got into my change jar , ignored the silver stuff , and carefully selected five pennies . When asked what her little hand held , she graciously gave back the five pennies . I like coins myself . 
enjoys having a chef in her kitchen . Just placed a breakfast order . So luxurious . Prepping for the rummage sale . I'm completely equipped to enjoy simple pleasures . 
Surprised by a juggernaut nap need . Now awake , ready to eat coconut shrimp and watch < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > while with awesome peeps . I was given Kitchen < PROPMALE > ; it was a need , I'm told . 
More kitchen < PROPMALE > ! More houseguest happiness ! Mondays are just fine . 
thinks on coincidences versus omens , ice cream , pie flushing , fried chicken , married couples , kitchen < PROPMALE > , Peaches , bath salt creation , accessibility of joy , bisques , Basques , jerks , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , surprises . 
Sometimes puttering is pretty delightful . 
Planning on having a good day . That strategy works for me more often than I'd have thought . 
Seriously considering dropping Cafe World , just keeping Mafia Wars . It just takes time , you know ? ( Those who have never played may scoff . Some of my fb friends loathe the games , others play a lot . I'm feeling Big Tent on this one . ) 
Rearranging and puttering still on my mind . 
If one is not good at backing up , does one take opportunities to practice , or does one recognize one's lack of ability and go safe ? 
Highway 1 along the coast , followed by flying into Humboldt : much beauty . 
Everything is very busy . Lots of enjoyment ; go figure . 
has on her mind : canasta , making mix cds , houses , grown ups , music , laughing , sponges , drums , laundry , coffee , errands , time . 
Strawberries reminding me I'm In Love with fruit . It loves me back . Clementines too . 
Luxuriating in Mad Men Season 3 , with < PROPMALE > Season 3 and < PROPFEMALE > Season 4 on deck . Juice , tea . Strawberries . Gladwell dessert . Sweeeeeet . 
Not sure I'm enjoying < PROPFIRST > Smits on < PROPMALE > . His performance may be just fine . Not sure , not sure . On a more definite note : bacon and strawberries is a fine dinner . 
< PROPFIRST>'s coming over . I love that damn dog . 
I watch all shows with closed captions . I am pleased that what I am watching has [ victorious music ] to go along with its opening credits . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_uRniGtmA&feature=related 
The 5:30 flight is just wrong . Tomorrow will be a long day . Perhaps good , perhaps productive , always interesting , but surely long . 
Highway 5 . Radio . Sun . I accept my simple self . 
is surpised she wears heels . 
Saw a tack on the floor , and realized growing up I stepped on needles and tacks all the time . I thought it was common . Perhaps not , though ; it's infrequent now . ( Drama-free life tends towards boring thoughts , eh ? ) 
Fought a nasty computer virus , and won . It thought it had won , but perseverance trumps most . Time for a long , hot , looooong , bubbly bath , with tangerine juice and seltzer . 
Hibiscus cranberry cooler , drunk hot hot hot , with lemon , is a fine end to a Monday . I'm not going to be able to figure out why I'm thinking of possums . 
Busy is soothing . 
Today is a Slipknot , Tool , KISS day . Drums ! Yelling ! Drums ! 
has no power . There are 1800 of us in Eureka afflicted . Sun is setting . Early night appreciated ; been a < PROPMALE > , full , hurly-burly week . 
is in four different moods . Picking one that pleases me . With a dash of a second one . 
At work on a Saturday , please let it be productive and pleasant . 
On the way to work the other day , a woman I've never seen before says to me as we approach each other , \I've been thinking about you . \"" 
loves rain . 
insists on a pleasant and productive day . Extra bag of broccoli packed . Back up carrots . 
had a \think I'm gonna buy a house\ " ice cream cone . Bing < PROPFEMALE > . Child sized . " 
The day demands a certain agility . 
If people are unkind unintentionally , is it really unkind ? If they don't know what they are doing , can one be bothered to be upset about it ? 
Anyone in Humboldt have the ability to put VHS on DVD , or , cassette on CD ? 
Yelling at myself for being mopey won't solve a darn thing . 
Claiming the day . Not letting A , B , or C get to me . Alphabet protected . 
Took the early 5:30 flight in to Sacramento . Really should have faded by now . 
Sacramento Library makes me miss the old SF Library . 
< PROPMALE > comin'! 
Where's my internal defense coach ? Damned if I don't need to be lower to the ground , more resilient , more flexible , tougher , nimbler . 
Different county , same awake . 
Driving hours in the rain : beauty and danger . White knuckles and awe . Home . Ate pints of strawberries in two days . Bath time . 
Seltzer , Sayers and strawberries as medicine . 
thinks on Patton Oswalt , work , Judgment Night , cherries , flannel , sleep , road trips , < PROPFEMALE > , Sayers , Sedge , Woo , phones , discomfort , sand , hollandaise , bodies , shrugging , Tosh , Orangina , love , recycling . 
Anyone know a jug-eared twenty-six-year-old ? 
I never get food at the movie theater , but I'm really thinking on Red Vines and a slushy . Will I live large ? 
ponders cherries , families , bubbles , redeeming qualities , < PROPFEMALE > , patients , Behrendt , < PROPFIRST > Westin , onions , growing - or shrinking - pains , guilt , accidents , near misses , consent , knives . 
is rooting for Bird and McHale tonight . 
considers : reavers versus < PROPMALE > . 
Having my socks knocked off by Sports Night . Whew . 
is considering ice cream , gardening , found objects , Nicholson baker , Joesphine Tey , Tosh , purging , working , coffee , Public Enemy , Parliament , errands , water guns , puns . 
thought about < PROPFEMALE > a lot on her birthday . She still knocks my socks off . 
Today needs to be smooth . Claimed it is . 
Any of my old friends have some contact information for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , from McAteer late 80s ? 
Washer : top loader or front loader ? Do I just go cheapest and old school ? Or is efficiency and modernity where it's at ? Does anyone care ? 
If anyone has house painting stuff to lend ( two rooms , couple of weeks ) , I'd be grateful . Also accepting recommendations for where to buy paint , and tips and tricks . 
is past being able to be jinxed on escrow falling apart . She has the keys to her new house , and the For Sale sign has been pulled down . 
Tomorrow is painting day . I'm 39 , and I've never painted . Come on by tomorrow to laugh at me and drink a pop on my deck if you like . 
Boxes sought . Thought I was going to get more from work , or that I had less stuff . 
ponders tacos , cabeza , Reno , Tahoe , rugs , < PROPFIRST > Kong , < PROPMALE > , paint , plums , robes , pets , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , sobriety , age , gratitude , packing , sleep , health , dessert . 
contemplates packing , moths , packing , < PROPMALE > , packing , thighs , packing , club soda , 2008 , raising pre-flop , luck , genes , packing . 
Last night in the house I've lived in longer than any other in my life . 
I'm on the internet at my new place for the first time . Not yet my internet , but seems I've kindly or unaware neighbors . 
Woke in my house . Tea and a bagel . It's weird and normal . 
likes blueberries , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > bathrooms , wood , sleep , < PROPFEMALE>'s voice , bass , cribbage , hope , tea , caesar salad , Belodgia . 
Christmas in July . 
Productive and fun defined yesterday . Whither Sunday ? 
thought her house looked great before , but thinks it looks really great with all the attention paid to it . First house guest best choice ever . 
found perspective in a cobweb remover , < PROPFIRST>'s , Eminem , and a bath with a rubber duck . ( It's everywhere . ) 
Bought a pair of pliers and a hammer , and came home and did yardwork . By choice . What's happening ? 
Accepting weed trimmer recommendations . Wanted a 33cc Craftsman full crank , because a borrowed one was great : heavy but powerful and easy to start . No longer available . Confused by cc's , 2 cycle vs 4 , etc . Want powerful and easy to start ( without plug in start crud ); in store and online unsatisying and confusing . 
ponders yelling , Gladwell , Krulwich , planes , yards , macaroons , tea , beds , sobriety , bodies , vision , withholding , Draper , age , surprises , sweaters , oatmeal , packing , sleep . 
got home from coffee a little after 11 , put together a weed trimmer , and did yardwork until 7 . Trimmer , clippers , flat head shovel , trowel , broom , and eight or nine lawn and garden bags . Even just a year ago , would never have expected this . 
thinks about Chinese food , companionship , good movies , bad movies , < PROPFIRST > Carpenter , long days with many parts , feeling productive , feeling unproductive , cherries , assignments , choosing joy , anxiousness , red lights , lectures , pride . 
did not have the day off she expected . 
ends the day with pancakes and digging holes . 
listens to the Muppets , because she really isn't kidding when she says < PROPMALE > sends her . Kid Rock , and she declines to call it a guilty pleasure . KISS , for funzies . NWA , because she has certain feelings about the police . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , for the disco wallow . < PROPMALE > ! Romanteek ! < PROPFIRST > Wonder ! Honeymoon Suite ! Cheap Trick ! Shiny . 
thinks on invisibility , flying , tax forms , bricks , lunch , expiration dates , headaches , asparagus , lavender , Monrovia , skin , splinters , seltzer , < PROPFIRST > Savage , disease , wills , falling , football , Olyphant , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , bubbles . 
In the yard , wondering why I feel odd , realizing I'm full of 60 ounces of coffee and zero food . Hot dog alert . 
frets on hermiting , oatmeal , subscriptions , bodies , time , < PROPFEMALE>'s , perspective , distance , moss , muffins , McCoy , < PROPFEMALE > , headaches , lisps , vacuity , yardage , pills , Hodgman , yellow cake cobbler . 
Absolutely mad for < PROPMALE > Gervais . 
Crawled in bed ; found that Nicholson Baker has written article I'm about to read . I had just considered plucking U&I off the shelf minutes ago . 
Downloading iTunes . I needed Gervais ... and finding out that The Straight Dope has a podcast ( only on iTunes ) absolutely tipped me over . < PROPFIRST > Adams ! I remember discovering him about 12 years ago . Mad love . Remember , A ? 
Less than awesome . Reluctantly loaded iTunes . Got to point 100% of my memory was used . First reboot after install , OS won't load . Figuring out how to unbreak . 
considers fast food , errands , pork , < PROPMALE > , movies , sleep , ice cream , football , fantasy football , birthdays , toes , texture , marinades , photographs , blemishes , dried flowers , caulk , drums , love . 
had a day with three pies , two baths , and one cake . Also , pork , Morphine , potatoes , Bon Iver , deck , Dahvi , coffee buds , < PROPFIRST > Adams , dirt . 
If anyone has a source of burnt out flourescent light bulbs , long tube kind , I'm interested . 
I like digging in my yard . My thought is to start burying my pet peeves back there . Each time I dig up a bone , plant a peeve . Uproot weird root ball ? Peeve in the hole . 
Today will be productive and pleasant . And ..... NOW . 
In Arbuckle , on 5 , heading home . Can't wait to get coastal . 
has the next 225 hours to do with as she wishes . 
On the road ; rain , trees , and excitement . 
I need to look forward to driving to Sacramento tomorrow . Last road trip I ate three pints of strawberries in an hour . Sae chao berries delight me . So fine , yay for the trip tomorrow . 
Worst luck at coffee joints . I have a great life , but am repeatedly served lukewarm weakass pukebrew . Extra shot extra hot ? Not for me , it seems . 
I have a book that says nasturtiums are annuals . I am perennially surprised by what I read . 
has on her mind calendar dates , visitors , broccoli , commitment , my deck , canvas , splurging , asceticism , raccoons , plans , Mexico , Vegas , holidays , anniversaries , board games , tiles , 3rd down conversions , translating , pants , possibility . 
I would like for the angry raccoon to move over to my new house . I miss his glare . 
At 12 or so , with the aid of many contributors , I made a long list of Good Things . I re-read that multi-page multi-column list now and then . Entry that always strikes me ? Mustard . 
refuses to be a dumpling in today's Judgment Soup . 
The Wire , chinese chicken salad , baths , MAL , < PROPFEMALE > , and Gervais . 
Cherries , < PROPFEMALE > , board games , health insurance , < PROPFEMALE > Dacyzyn , Japan . 
< PROPFIRST > , bathtub books , flannel , bagels , the painting , options , tacos , Rakoff , lessons , asian pears . 
< PROPMALE > , noodles , Gladwell , vision , wood , my deck , rain , cheddar . 
Podcasts , football , sobriety , artists , sushi , strawberries , < PROPFIRST > Glass , gift giving , lessons . 
Digging , omelets , chocolate bars with almonds , JM , < PROPFEMALE > , oatmeal , Humboldt . 
< PROPMALE > Klosterman , lipstick , grapes , learning , leaves , grey , < PROPFIRST > Rudd , lattices . 
Cars , A St. , portable music , < PROPFEMALE > , bathrobe , writing , Vietnamese food , Belodgia , rollercoasters . 
Amaebi , organizing , Birbiglia , pajamas , Carpenter , people I underestimated sounding smart and kind in interviews , pocket doors . 
Mr. C , pillows , elephants , risk , security , Burn Notice , seventies , brunch , tea . 
Adobada tacos , MFK Fisher , travel , my floors , seltzer , hope , SMcK , strawberries , ibuprofen . 
Saturday coffee , steady pay , doorknobs , Netflix , thrift stores , scarves . 
Screwed by subtitles today . An older DVD that offers Spanish or nothing tonight , and earlier , a very new DVD that insisted my TV would provide the subtitles . I struggle without them . 
Grilled cheese sandwiches , my mini-doweled screen door , new shoe feeling , sleep , effort , health insurance , potato chips . 
Hitting 40 , < PROPMALE > , pizza , Carcassonne , choice , Orangina , Little Shop of Hers , bagels , Spike . 
Oshinko , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > , incense , knots , socks , < PROPFIRST > , sweaters . 
Storms , cocoa , history , curls , < PROPFEMALE > , pineapple juice , mashed potatoes , getting things done . 
The Scotts , walking , magnets , The New Yorker , plums , One Tree Hill , whorls . 
< PROPFIRST > McCoy , determination , ice cream , WW , frugality , mushrooms . 
Dog sitting , co-workers , La Chaparrita , Dawson's Creek , spring rolls , cardigans , Spalding Gray , crazed puppies . 
Poker , steak , clean sheets , fortitude , prioritization , Bowie , postcards , Bryson . 
Broccoli , restraint , built-ins , pancakes , my bed , perspective , optimism , jeans , victories . 
I had very definite yard plans for the day . Rain means I am watching subtitled < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Damme . 
Really want to see a movie . Really in disbelief I don't want to see anything at the Broadway or Minor . My tastes are catholic ; I usually want to see at least a couple . Rat bastards . 
There was a time I'd wish for continued rain . Now , I'd like just a couple dryer days to work in the yard . I did a poor job before picturing Future Me . 
Some basic catch up yard word done . Indoor project planned . Rain : recommence ! 
Cabinets might be done by Tuesday night . I'm looking forward to it like one would look forward to the first piece of holiday pie , a four day weekend , crossing a street in Saigon successfully , a reunion with an old friend , a shower after a long camping trip , a new novel by a favorite author , last day of school . 
had an oddly great conversation with a stranger about how brilliant mistakes are . 
Today I swept the floor and it felt like I ran < PROPMALE > . Now , look , Week , I have plans for you ; I demand energy ! 
mulls over futons , pancakes , sleep , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , lungs , Uhh Yeah Dude , brains , T . Rex , fruit , stew , pillows . 
I had a good day . I know a good day is a big deal . I managed to make a great stew , too . 
In the back yard , digging . 
Hanging out partying on the IRS website . It's possible I will arm-wrestle my way through filing by myself despite no longer being 1040EZ material . Just possible . 
is thinking about eggplant , eligibility , Pandemic , burritos , change , cherries , sheperd's pie , El Granada , Wobegon , monkeys , etymology . 
A fair amount of Good Things is a good thing . Salty < PROPFEMALE > Cats , egg pie , PostSecret , sleeping late , dinner dates , Black Keys , cambozola , Youtube mashups , bubbles , Yogurt Faccia . 
Road trip time . Should be beautiful , and Sae Chao berries possible . < PROPFIRST > Glass , KISS , Uhh Yeah Dude , Young Jeezy . Broccoli . 
I'm watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for a couple weeks . They just fit right in to the lazy A Street puttering scene , and treat me as if I smell like pork and have bones in my pockets . 
Seeking burnt out flourescent light bulbs , long tube kind , in Humboldt . Will pick up . 
Breakfast and brunch are favorite meals of mine , home-cooked and out . Humboldt folks , tell me your favorite spots if you'd be so kind . 
Mr. Rogers on my mind . 
is grateful for the problems she has , even those that at one time seemed big . 
Getting a new album or song , playing it over and over , volume too loud : nice combination of adult freedom and childish simple pleasure . \Again ! Again ! \"" 
Road trip today . Rain , music , fruit , 101 . 
I was boggled when I began watching a lot of Law & Order ; didn't seem likely . I was sure , though , it'd be a passing phase . ( A surreal fling , like Urkel or The Frugal Gourmet . ) Years later , it remains my security blanket show . Still don't get why , unless it's the lullaby of linear plot progression . 
This weekend I'd like to go out to brunch , weed eat the yard , plant something along the fence , make brunch , weed the flower bed , watch some rental movies , play board games , go out to a matinee , read , clean the garage , go grocery shopping , finish two favors , work on the railing , fix the economy , eat fruit , and lie on the couch and do nothing . 
I record tv shows on my dvr , and watched one tonight that had a finale spoiled for me on facebook . I was hoping I'd still enjoy it . I didn't . I am not upset to have a reason to use fb less , I suppose . I can finally master french-braiding , cassoulets , buttling and balkan history . 
My new flathead shovel is no end exciting . The front curb has been attacked , and not just in front of my house , above and below mine . Otherwise , water will not flow to the gutter . Shovel ! 
My phone seems to be dying a slow death . Looking at upgrades and move to data : iPhone ? Droid ? Frugal part of me perusing certified pre-owned . Weigh-inners can weigh in ( Verizon ) . 
