is off to finish the last day of 9 days straight of work ! 

is wishing that summer wasn't going by so dang fast ! 
is nervous for his interview today ! 
I'm so excited for the weekend ! 
feels like I got hit by a speeding truck . 
is off to work ! First of nine days straight ... ugh 
Had so much fun last night ! 
is having a hard time deciding what to wear today ! 
is studying for his macro economics test ... shoot me now haha ! 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired ! 
is sitting , wishing , and waiting . 
is not ready to go to work ... 
is making Chile Verde ! 
is going to dinner with some friends ! YAY 
had some great food with some good friends and hasn't laughed that hard in a long time ! Thanks guys ! 
is going to the gym 
is sitting in a history class ... not his class though haha 
is cleaning his apartment ! 
took a trip down memory lane -- and watched Troop < PROPFEMALE > Hills !! I forgot how funny that movie was ! 
is absolutely hating the snow and the cold weather ! 
thinks that DMV workers really need to lighten up and get a personality ! 
is learning and growing 
at first I was afraid , I was petrified ... 
is ready for bed ! 
is about to get lost in a good book :) 
Economics = Boring and makes no freaking sense ! 
wishes life would be easy again ! 
HATES HATES shampooing carpets ! UGH 
is amazed at how smart his puppy is ! Gosh , I love that little rascal ! 
is preparing a feast ! Yum , Yum :) 
is excited to go back to work ! 
is off to work ! YAY 
decided he loves the Fall , and the weather that comes along with it :) 
is excited to go to the Haunted Mill with his family and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Had a great time tonight ! 
every time I go grocery shopping I always grab the cart with the bad wheels ! it never fails ! 
The girls are coming over ! YAY 
I have decided that I absolutely love the view out of my apartment window ! It is gorgeous ! 
is listening to his new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Greatest Hits CD , and loving it ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
mmmmmm .... Dulce De Leche hot chocolate makes me happy ! 
had a great time tonight ! 
there is nothing like a Pumpkin Spice Chai latte after work ! 
Who knew that working at Costco would make you a local celebrity haha ! 
mmmm .... Pineapple ! 
MOVIE NIGHT ! So excited ! 
Another day of work , another night of fun ! Can't wait ! 
Who I am has become my mystery 
just had a much needed , frustration busting , workout ! 
Excited for dinner and a movie with the family tonight ! 
just got a new sexy pair of glasses and a box of contacts for FREE ! 
now knows how it feels in the movies ... 
is watching his new addiction , One Tree Hill , curled up in a blanket , cuddling with Roark , and drinking hot chocolate ! 
gets to work in the bakery today ! So excited ! 
needed tonight ! Nothing like old friends and family all hanging out ! 
Who knew they played such great classic rock music at 5 in the morning !?!?! 
Butterfly -- Pretty much sums up how I am feeling right now ! 
is loving his new < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > CD ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is pretty much addicted to < PROPMALE>'s salads ! 
Thinks my dog , Roark , is so cute ! When I am getting ready to leave and go to put him in his kennel he will run away then lay belly up and pretend to be dead ! It is the cutest thing ! 
just got done playing in the snow with Roark ! 
Had a great time at the Red and White Ball last night ! 
is loving me some Something Corporate ! 
needs a change ! 
would be lost without music ! 
learning to fall . 
Had so much fun with his family ! Who knew my parents could be so funny ! 
misses his little guy ! 
Had so much skating with the Costco Crew last night ! 
just took a quick peek at his new apartment and decided that it is so dang cute ! 
making pulled pork sandwiches ! 
spending some quality time with his brother :) 
Gave Roark a haircut today , and the rest of the day he has avoided me ! The joys of having a dog with a bratty personality ! I wouldn't have it any other way ! 
Grilled stuffed peppers for lunch ! Yeah , it is going to be a good day ! 
excited for dinner tonight at the sand trap ! 
maybe had a little too much fun last night haha 
tonight was just what I needed ! 
today is my first day of tutoring and I am kinda nervous ! 
I'm loving this nice weather ! Roark and I are going to the park to go play ! 
nothing like a hot tub party after a long week ! 
Old friends + New Friends + Alcohol = One hell of a night ! 
had way , way too much fun at the gym with Caroly ! 
daylight saving time ... ugh .... how I hate you ! I'm so tired ! 
is so so so happy ! :) 
Bring it back , bring it back ;) 
is packing for VEGAS ! 
Vegas , here I come ! 
definitely a One Tree Hill night ! 
is happy . 
Is watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and loving it ! 
Can't get the 24 theme song out of his head ! 
can't believe that it has been 2 years since he changed my life ! 
Just changed his first tire . I am feeling pretty manly right now :) 
has had a great weekend ! 
Had a great Sunday and now for a lazy Monday :) 
Is enjoying Chinese food and basketball with my brothers . 
p 
Enjoying a creamie with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
going to take Roark to the park and enjoy the beautiful weather ! 
A . 
Eating strawberries and reading < PROPMALE > Mis . I love summer ! 
Watching the < PROPFEMALE > Girls and loving every minute of it :) 
has the cutest puppy ever ! Every time I am leaving he will roll over and play dead ! It is so dang adorable ! 
Got off work early , what a great way to start the weekend ! 
Ahh , an all day pajama day ! It has been long overdue ! 
Going shopping with my brother :) 
Highlight of my day : Listening to my brother singing the Spice Girls at the top of his lungs ! 
is having the best time watching his puppy and kitten play together ! 
Had a great night last night ! 
Is loving the beautiful weather , looks like me and Roark will be taking a walk to the park :) 
is so ready to go home ! 
is so dang tired , 7 comes way to fast ! 
has had the best weekend that I have had in a long time ! 
watching the < PROPFEMALE > Girls :) 
Oreo truffles , yum ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
had such a fun night with < PROPFEMALE > , Atari , and Kadie ! I love you all :) 
is so pumped for tonight ! 
I'm loving this pumpkin bread . 
\Most epic love stories are messy . But if one could only be so lucky to be that passionate about one person . \ " Mick Wolf . " 
Watching Roark and < PROPFEMALE > play has to be one of the funniest and most entertaining things to watch ever ! I love them 
So ready for tonight ! 
had so much fun tonight , not looking forward to work tomorrow though . 
I am so excited to get off work today so I can go camping with the family , I need a nice little get-a-way ! 
Late night road trips with my mom are the best :) 
Had so much fun camping ! I got some much needed time to clear my head and relax ! 
Mudd Pie !! So freaking good :) 
So excited to play some soccer tonight !!!!!! :) 
loves planning trips :) 
\Watch me bounce back \"" 
Loves lazy Sundays :) 
6 day vacation starting -- NOW ! 
Breakfast with the girls ! 
Bring it back , bring it back ... 
Road trip with my Mom and Grandma , this should be great :) I love them ! 
Huckleberry Cheesecake ice cream cone -- so good ! 
Has had the best day ! < PROPMALE > out with family all day and best friends all night :) 
Best friend night with Jana : Cheesecake and a movie :) 
Rocking out to Achy Breaky Heart with < PROPFEMALE > . YEEHAW 
Eat . Pray . Love . -- Amazing ! Everyone should watch it ! 
Had a great day today :) 
Having a lunch date with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
dinner and drinks with friends , it doesn't get better than that :) 
I'm done running from you ... 
Starbucks ? Yes please ! 
had fun celebrating with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! :) 
Spending the evening with my family and old friends ! 
Feels some big changes coming on and can't wait ! :) 
Had a great time at the Rainbow Romp and ending the night with coffee with good friends :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Garden with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Yum ! 
is enjoying this cooler weather by eating some delicious tomato-basil soup ! 
Breakfast , coffee , and great friends ! Perfect way to start the day off :) 
Excited to take Roark on a walk tomorrow so he can show all of his girlfriends his new mohawk that daddy gave him haha 
is having a great day -- coffee with a new friend and now off to my brothers soccer game ! I love days off :) 
Just witnessed my mom get hit by an old lady in a electric cart at Wal-Mart it was hilarious !! 
is having a slight < PROPFEMALE > obsession today 
has had a great day ! 
had a great night at the fair ! 
Only in Idaho would you see a lady walking her pet goat like it was a dog . 
would be so lost without his mom ! 
it is hard to watch a great friend leave ! Good luck < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Crawling through windows , Gossip Girl , lots of sugar cookies and frosting , Miley < PROPMALE > and Rolbertos ! Yeah , it was a good night ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
feels old ! My younger brother called and asked me for a way to ask a girl to a dance ! I remember when he was just a little guy playing with his GI Joes . 
hates corporate walk days ! 
You know that your Grandma is a bad ass when over a < PROPFEMALE > she offers to kick someone's ass for you . Ahhh I love that lady ! 
after making close to 500 pumpkin pies in 3 days , I officially never want to see another one again and it isn't even the holidays yet . Oh , the joys of working in a bakery . 
Dew Tour with the brothers , I am sooo excited ! 
so apparently I have a puppy who thinks he is Evil Kenevil and jumps out of trucks going 20 mph ... luckily he is alright ! 
had sooo much fun tonight !! 
had a great weekend ! 
Poor Roark had nightmares all night which means I hardly slept either 
forgot how funny Euro Trip is ... it is definitely distracting me from cleaning my apartment ! 
Hey , anybody who has tried to text me today I'm not ignoring you . My phone is freaking out so if you need to get a hold of me facebook would be the best bet ! 
is making bbq pulled pork sandwiches :) 
Taught some old ladies the Macarena today , definitely the highlight of my day ! 
Tore up the dance floor with the one and only Caroly < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
Happy Birthday to the most amazing woman I know ! I love you Mom ! 
had an INCREDIBLE day ! I love my family and friends ! 
Sweats , hoodie , and a < PROPFEMALE > Girls marathon , its gonna be a good night ! 
is tone deaf 
My parents just made my day with one text -- \Happy Coming Out Day ! We are so proud of you and the man you have become \"" 
This sounds gross and I can't believe I am saying it but ... Chocolate Cheese is amazing , and I HATE cheese ! 
didn't think grocery shopping could be so much fun ! :) 
Had a great night last night , got off work 4 hours early today , and has the day off tomorrow -- my weekend is definitely looking good ! 
is rocking a purple sweater and purple converse today ! 
loves going home and coming back with a bunch of goodies 
< PROPMALE > horror and late night at the union , its gonna be a great night ! 
carhart wool socks are the bomb !! 
is happy :) 
making black bean chili to warm himself up ! 
has had the time warp stuck in his head all day 
slept on the couch last night because Roark looked so cute and comfy cuddled up with me 
its Election Day ! I hope everyone goes out and votes !! 
is being a nerd and watching the election results 
tried to make roses with frosting today ... key word tried . I make the ugliest roses known to man ! 
my ears are bleeding thanks to < PROPFIRST > and his damn Chirstmas music ! 
is listening to music from my childhood , and loving it ! 
Happy 2nd Birthday to my little guy ! I love you Roark ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Palin's television show has once again proved to me that she is an idiot ! 
is loving these scented pine cones ! 
Quote of the day from the one and only < PROPFIRST > Bean \the cool points are out the window and you got twisted up in the game \"" 
5000 Pumpkin pies in 5 days .... it is going to be a long week 
$ 
Had an AMAZING weekend ! 
stayed up way too late , to be up this early 
had an amazing Thanksgiving ! I am thankful for my amazing friends and that I could be with them when I couldn't be with family ! :) 
the only good thing about the snow is watching Roark play in it ! 
Costco night at Charleys :) 
I am < PROPFEMALE > Nong , a lesbian and a Pop Rocka :) 
Great conversation and a bottle of wine later .... yep its been a great night ! Thanks Sammee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
had an AMAZING time at the J and J Christmas party :) 
Sammee acting like < PROPFEMALE > Palin = Me almost peeing my pants because I was laughing so hard ! 
has the greatest friends :) 
it has been a glass of wine type of day 
\finally feels free from you \"" 
had a great night with the gay family :) 
loves listening to Roark snore right before I fall asleep 
so happy to be home , now time for chinese food :) 
has the best parents in the world ! 
it's saxophone time !!!!!! 
fire and wine make the world go round 
planning trips is so much fun :) 
Thanks to all of my friends and family for making 2010 the best year yet , especially < PROPFIRST > Winter , Sammee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Riddle , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Thanks for adding so much to my life ! Also , Caroly < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Bean for always making work fun ! I love all you guys ! 
Vegan Family dinner with < PROPFIRST > Winter and Sammee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Q pqw0 
is a ho ! 
lunch dates with moms are the best ! 
is excited for the cast party tonight ! 
spent an hour at work today listening to co-workers discuss Days of Our Lives , it was absolutely magical -- sarcasm intended ! 
BIRTH ... 
Opening night was amazing ! 
OTH makes everything better 
had a great day and then capped it off with another fun filled DIVA night ! 
my colors are blush and bashful 
was asked if he played football for ISU , since I look like a football player and all .... 
QOTN- I want this playmat so I don't get a rug burn on my back again ! 
loves watching football with friends and family :) 
the superbowl is complete now -- an appearance by the Bieber ! 
Has officially decided that < PROPFEMALE > Keaton is my hero ! I love her ! 
basketball game , chinese takeout , and movies -- perfect saturday night with the best friend :) 
spoil yourself days are the best ! 
has the best parents in the world ! Thanks for the IPAD ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > fall out of her chair is by far the highlight of my day ! 
just watched 8 : A Mormon Proposition and all I can say is .... wow . 
tonight was much overdue ! Had so much fun :) 
Should listen to his mom more .... she sure can read people 
Happy Birthday to Anelicia Cheney-Campbell and of course the BIEBER ! 
10 pages of handwritten short answer questions ... can you say hand cramp ! 
Everybody go to CoHo and check out Anelicia Cheney-Campbell's campaign poster ! It is awesome ! 
today at work I actually worked for 2 hours and then stood around acting busy while watching the clock -- which is moving really slow I might add ! 
is thoroughly enjoying being curled up reading a book , drinking tea , and listening to Something Corporate . 
just threw a fist full of glitter in the air 
just had an amazing chat with < PROPFEMALE > Nelson ... and it was long over due ! MOVE BACK now ! :) 
tonight was awesome ! Thank you to everyone ! 
SLC with the boys :) 
courtside seats at the jazz game ... I think so ! Thanks dad ! 
is it bad that I am already stressing out about my classes next semester ?!?!?! It is going to be a rough one ! 
had a nice surprise on his car this morning and not it wasn't the snow ... ugh ! 
its like banging a pencil in a trash can 
in celebration of opening day I'm watching Fever Pitch in my Red Sox shirt , cuddled up in my Red Sox blanket ! I'm a little obsessed ! 
best night ever ! All of you guys are amazing ! 
