Really pissed off right now my mom won't let me watch jersey shore and I was waiting all day to watch it so I'm just in my room really pissed off 

Went to 6flags today had fun & I finally faced my fear of going on a roller coaster that went upside down even though I closed my eyes most of the ride 
I got to go to volleyball practice tomorrow and i already know ima be so tired after but at least my sis and friend gonna be there thank godness !!!!!!!! 
Just got out of volleyball practice , a little tired . . . . . . . . . and sore 
Doomsday is on !! I haven't seen this in a while 
It is too hot !!!! 
Just got back from swimming and band practice and I'm so tired and my head is killing me I like hit the wall while swimming and it really hurts :-( 
Out of volleyball practice finally but my hamstring was hurting like the whole second part of practice and its still hurting :-( but I'm still happy to be goin home and gettin some sleep :-) 
Feeling good tonight but tired and bored ... 
Bored . . . :( 
Every body pray for me I'm gettin like a total life change this morning , I'm gettin my hair cut and when I say cut I mean cut cut and I'm not backing down ! 
Thank you everybody for your happy birhtday's being 15 is gonna be great !!!! 
Not in such a good mood . Ugh ! 
Just got finished whopping < PROPFIRST>'s butt now going to sophomore night ugh ... 
DEUCES 
HEEEAAAP HAS IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :) 
I can't believe we losing to the Bills ! 
REEEEEEEEED ! ! ! ! ! 
BOLDIN ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Beautiful play BEAUTIFUL ! 
GO BILLYYYYYYY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Finally goin home from school ... team photos , practice , and a meeting . Ugh , one heck of a day ... 
Lol wow its trash day today and me my sis n brother took out the trash lol then we realized we had a extra bag of trash but no room to put it so we ran over to neighbors yard and put it in there trash can lol then ran like crazy Wow I feel so bad !!! :-) 
Ugh so bored ... is there nothin to do ??? 
Bout to see < PROPMALE > POTTER ! WOOOHOOO !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
Ugh so bored :( 
Wow today was the worst day ever I didn't think a day could get this bad now on my way to volleyball practice just hoping that wont turn out like crap 
3 Words ... \ 
Don't be STUPID ! :) 
I DO NOT like kids ! 
I FEEL GOOD ... dun dun ... SO GOOD !!! 
Shh Shh ... Pretty Little Liars is on ! :) 
Man i HATE when people make excuses ... 
Wow people really piss me off I never thought people could be so mentally challenged ! 
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . \ 
- E.R. 
I'm bout to make some cookies !!! 
People really pissin me off I mean today I started out happy and brushed off all the crappy stuff that happen to me but no people just keep pushing me down . I mean am I just not allowed to have a good day ? 
So sick of fake ppl ... 
I watched the man I love , love someone else . 
its funny how ppl have nothin else to do with their lives that they spend their whole time on fb makin videos nd crap and they just do nothin with their lives other than hoping and prayin for some one to respond to what they put up , omg sometimes its just so annoying ... ugh im sick .... goodnight fb 
Ugh ... I'm exhausted !!! 
