Finally gave in and got on my long neglected \bookface\ " lmao " 

It's funny how someone else's success brings pain 
All that I`m after is a life full of laughter , as long as I`m laughing with you . 
So , I just applied to ASU ... YAY ! I'm sooo nervous , I hope I get in ! 
Tomorrow [ the 19th ] is my birthday ! Yay ! Going to P.F. Changs with family then shopping at H&M with my aunt and cousin ! CANT WAIT !!! HERE I COME 22 !!!! 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday !! Had a great one , I loveeeeeee my family ! 
So , today I bought my 1st car with my own money ! It's not the greatest but it's really cute [ purple !!! ] and it mostly just feels good to know that I paid for it myself . 
Start my new job on Monday ... yay !! 
At age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this . At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder ... what ... Mom would think about this . At 75 : ... I wish I could ask Mom . Post this if you have or had best Mom in the world . <3 <3 
Yayyyy ! Got the job at < PROPFEMALE>'s! Start the 29th !! 
Ahhhhh ! Had sooooo much fun at the casino last night !! Can't wait to go again !! 
waiting for the rest of the family to get here ... cant wait !! happy thanksgiving ! 
So ... started my job Monday . I freakin LOVE it ! Took my first 5 calls today , not so bad , did better than I expected . Now , I just have to do everything in my power to make this seasonal job permenant !!! 
Soooo , because they fired that stupid < PROPFEMALE > at the < PROPFEMALE>'s in San < PROPFEMALE > , I now get anywhere from 20-200 calls per day of people bitching at me like if I fired < PROPFEMALE > myself ! Really ?!? 
Sooooo ... got the job permenantly !!!!! Yay go me !! I really don't think I could be any happier right now . What makes it even better , I did it all by myself for once . I think this is honestly the first time I've put my mind to something and did it , no help from a guy or \friends\ " . Super proud of myself right now lol . " 
Really cant believe this . My only grandpa passed today . So many emotions but mostly Im happy for him that hes finally free and no longer suffering . RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hall . 
I reallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly wanna go get my hair & nails done & go buy a bunch of new clothes , I think it would make me feel a little better . 
omggg feels so good to have half my hair gone ! yayyy love my new hair and its all thanks to the best hairstylist in the world < PROPFEMALE > Dellova ! loveeeeeeeee herrrrrrrrrrr 
I miss my grandpa soooo much , I feel numb . There's really only 2 things keeping me going right now , that's work and So Cal Trash's music . I swear those 2 things are the only reason I get outta bed . 
Eww , at home sick from work . This is the 2nd day in a row , like seriously ? I can't even begin to explain how much I HATE being sick ! :( 
Wow , it's really sad when someone you considered your best friend changes so much that you can't even recognize her or when you realize now that you're doing good she just wants to use you . Honestly though , I really don't think she has changed at all I think because I made such huge changes in my life I just don't see her the same way anymore , I finally see her for what she truly is a USER in every sense of the word . 
the power keeps going out at work ... they should totally just send us home haha . doubt it though . 
