Happy New Year everyone . 

is just 7 papers to go and I'll be done with grading for another academic year . 
is done with grading . Finally . 
is looking forward to seeing a veritable parade of old friends this weekend ... 
' s plans keep changing . 
unfortunately missed seeing < PROPMALE > Wilkins this weekend , but did get to see X live and in concert at the Double Door on Saturday . And last night he and his family got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Freiburg , < PROPMALE > Bogenschultz & their son Will who were on their wa 
can't believe the US actually beat Spain in the Confederations Cup . He's stunned . Simply stunned . 
is wondering when , exactly , the enormity of the current economic crisis will start to register with the mainstream news media . 
is getting ready for Sebi's penultimate game of the ( overly long , much delayed ) spring soccer season . If his team wins today or tomorrow , they'll finish second in the division . 
is upset about the coup in Honduras . 
' s daughter convinced him to take her to the pool , delaying his writing that long overdue review of an obscure academic tome on \The Politics of Responsibility\ " in the process . " 
is now working on that long overdue review & hopes to get the thing done by dinner . 
saw the Chicago Architectural Foundations ' huge new model of the Loop and the Near North side today ( while on break from research at the < PROPFIRST > Washington Library ) . It's pretty cool , definitely worth seeing if you're ever in downtown Chicago and find your 
is spent after researching the McCormick-era Tribune all day with new research assistant < PROPMALE > . And is really looking forward to the holiday weekend . 
is heading to Wisconsin to drop off Sebi at soccer camp . Then , he . < PROPFIRST > and Aleeza travel to Milwaukee to see an old friend and attend Summer Fest . ( The English Beat & < PROPMALE > Costello are playing ) . 
was delighted to see his friends < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > & their beautiful daughters yesterday . He also enjoyed the whole Summer Fest experience ( especially < PROPMALE > Costello ) . All in all it was a great day . 
is beat from a whole week of commuting into Chicago to stare at microfilm of Chicago newspapers from the 1930 and 40s . It's been interesting , yet exhausting . Perhaps the most interesting story I've been tracking is the big 1944 Federal sedition trial of 
is meeting up with some pals from Minneapolis/grad school later today for an early dinner in Chinatown followed by the Fire game . 
found a 1942 article suggesting that notorious anti-Semitic red baiter < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( of the American Vigilant Intelligence Federation ) actually had offices in Tribune Tower ! No wonder the Sun labelled the Tribune \the Axis Press \"...." 
wishes everyone a happy Bastille Day ! If he'd been around for the French Revolution , he'd have been an Hébertist . Or a member of Babeuf's Conspiracy of Equals . 
is headed to U of C's Regenstein Library today w/ research assistant < PROPMALE > . 
is done for the day . 
is finally going to get to rifle through longtime Chicago Trib publisher < PROPFIRST > R . McCormick's private papers . Tomorrow . Can't wait . 
found some good stuff digging through the McCormick-Tribune papers today . One gem : letters to the Col . from his Canadian operative about rampant anti-Tribune sentiment in Canada circa 1942 . 
back to Cantigny/Wheaton and the McCormick-Tribune papers for the morning . Then , home to clean up for our MPLS friends ' arrival tomorrow . 
found a cache of documents suggesting that the Tribune and/or their lawyers at Kirkland&Ellis had a paid informant inside the vehemently anti-Trib Fight For Freedom Committee referred to as , get this , \Operative No . 5 \"." 
is filing Freedom of Information Act requests with the FBI . Fun fun . 
is heading back to Cantigny , and back to McCormick's oh so revealing papers , in a couple of hours . 
is going to be going through the Trib's financial records for the the McCormick years today . Not as fun as reading the Col . ' s imperious , opinionated and sometimes just plain wacky correspondence . Sigh . 
is trying to track down a book edited by detective novelist < PROPMALE > Stout -- author of the Nero Wolfe stories -- attacking Col . McCormick and other ultra-rightwingers of his day . It's got an excellent title : \Illustrious Dunderheads \"." 
is back from a sweaty bike ride . 
is headed to Centennial Beach with < PROPFIRST > and the kids . 
is off to Rockford for Sebi's seeding tournament . His team has to play three games in a row and it's supposed to be 90 degrees out today . 
got himself a heck of a sunburn today . 
' s kids start the new school year tomorrow . And not a minute too soon . 
is going to see the Chicago Fire vs . The LA Galaxy tonight w/ the whole family . That is , if the game isn't canceled due to violent thunderstorms . 
is making plans for his last free weekend for the next 3 months . 
getting ready to take his daughter to the < PROPMALE > Potter exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry . She's only been pestering him about it for 6 months . Hope it lives up tot he hype . 
is getting ready to take his daughter to the < PROPMALE > Potter exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry . She's only been pestering him about it for 6 months . Hope it lives up tot he hype . 
is catching up on e-mail , tweaking syllabi , and relishing the last few precious hours of his summer break . 
is done sorting and carefully organizing the 1000s of photocopies , digital images and microfilm print outs generated by this summer's research . Now he needs a beer . 
is trying to decide what to do with my Urban Studies students on our first day of class : Visit the Chicago History Museum OR take an architectural walking tour of the Loop ? 
is preparing to watch Arsenal vs . Man U today at the pub ( Quigley's ) . Go Gunners ! 
thinks Arsenal was robbed . Robbed , I tell you . That PK Man U was awarded was a travesty . Arshavin's goal , on the other hand , was a thing of beauty . 
thought the healthcare reform forum tonight in Lombard went quite well , especially moving were the personal horror stories about the inadequacies of our current corporate-controlled system . A sizable number of the 200 or so people in attendance supported single payer . The Daily Herald article on it should be out soon ... 
is trying to write his second book review of the summer . With little success . 
just baked some chocolate chip cookies with his kids . 
is off to school for another day of back-to-back meetings . What this has to do with the life of the mind or the search for truth he's not exactly sure . 
is preparing to help coach Sebi's first regular season soccer game of the Fall ... and hoping one of the forwards emerges as a reliable finisher . 
is happy . Sebi's team won 2-0 and , more importantly , played a very good game : lots of passing , lots of combination play , lots of gritty defense . 
has just one syllabus left to finish and still can't believe classes start next week . 
needs coffee . What else is new ? 
' s fall term starts tomorrow . 
is looking forward to the weekend . 
has a French foreign exchange student in his Urban Studies class this term who claims that she prefers Chicago to < PROPFIRST > . He suspects she is an impostor . 
is prepping for his Media & Society lecture on the Tribune & its red-baiting , anti-semitic , isolationist politics in the 40s . 
is taking his students on a walking tour of Burnham Plan-related sites in the Loop tomorrow ( Michigan Ave Bridge , < PROPMALE > Park , Railway Exchange Building , Congress Parkway ) and is REALLY hoping it doesn't rain . 
' s heart is with the University of California system students and faculty who are walking out today to protest tuition hikes and job cuts . 
is listening to WONC ( FM 89) -- which for some reason is playing a great selection of late-80s , early-90s post-punk this afternoon -- and doing the mindless busywork of filing the annual assessment report for the Broadcasting < PROPMALE > . 
is planning tomorrow's urban studies class . 
is wondering whether the Oct . 10 US-Honduras world cup qualifier will be held in Honduras or not . Rumor is that it may be moved because of the popular insurgency against the coup . 
had a great night last night . First , he got to < PROPFEMALE > out in Andersonville with his old pal < PROPMALE > and some of his friends . Then , when he got home , he got to fast forward through the Husker-Mizzu game to the part where Big Red scored three touchdowns in three minutes . All that and he was in bed before midnight . Nice . 
frittered away a whole day reading various things unrelated to the conference paper he is writing . Typical . 
has been grading all day and has just 4 papers left to do . Of course , the last few are always sheer agony . 
likes this quote from Rev . L . M . Birkhead , \premature anti-fascist\ " and nemesis of the reactionary Chicago Tribune during the 40s : \ " Heretics are the electric starters of civilization's automobile . \"" 
is taking his students to the National Museum of Mexican < PROPMALE > in Pilsen tomorrow . Should be good . The annual Day of the Dead exhibit is up . 
is feeling a lot like the weather : gloomy , cold and overcast . 
is tired . 
can't believe Nebraska lost to ISU . Embarrassing . Well , at least Arsenal is climbing back up the Premiere League standings . 
has a lot of writing to do in the next couple of weeks . 
I support the TAs and GAs , members of the Graduate Employees Organization ( GEO ) , in their fight for a good contract at the University of Illinois . GEO members have been working without a contract for 9 weeks . 
is heading out the door to catch a plane to DC . 
' s daughter Aleeza was born 13 years ago today . Hard to believe . He's taking time off from his conference today to go sightseeing around DC with her and the rest of the family . 
supports the members of the University of Illinois Graduate Employees Organization ( GEO ) in their fight for a decent contract . 
attended two conferences over the past two weeks , made 3 conference presentations and interviewed a slew of candidates for his department's Comm Studies generalist search . Tonight , he played his first indoor soccer game of the season ( and scored a goal ) . And on Friday night he saw Devo live and in concert . Talk about busy . 
supports the grad students at UIUC who are now on strike . 
congratulates the grad students at UIUC on their swift victory . The strike worked . The university came to terms . Solidarity forever ! 
has a long weekend of grading ahead of him . 
is up early to take daughter Aleeza to a math team competition . 
has a headache from grading . And still has more papers to go before he sleeps . 
got his final grades in . Now , he's drinking coffee , reading his first novel of the break and contemplating a trip to the gym . 
needs to stretch out his back so that he can play indoor soccer tonight . 
thinks the Department of Justice and the FCC should block Comcast's takeover of GE's media properties ( NBC , Hulu , Universal ) . In the past couple of years , we've finally seen a slight reversal in the concentration of media ownership ; now is not the time to head back down the path to fewer owners controlling more media . 
Today is the 40th anniversary of the police assassination of Illinois Black Panther Party leader < PROPFIRST > Hampton . 
watched some of the ESPN World Cup Draw show yesterday . Prediction : the US will definitely make it out of the group stage of the tournament and Portugal and \pretty boy\ " Christiano Ronaldo will not . " 
is braving the snow . 
wishes everyone a happy Hanukkah . 
is writing letters of recommendation . Hundreds of letters of recommendation . 
is safely back from visiting his folks in Knoxville , TN and is now frantically writing/tweaking syllabi for the Winter term . 
and his family are back from a restful vacation in Miami and a short Caribbean cruise with his mom , dad and his brother < PROPFIRST > and his crew . 
urges everyone to take action to help preserve funding for public access cable TV in Evanston . 
writing more letters of recommendation . 
is reading student blogs , lots of student blogs 
enjoyed hearing Cornel West speak on campus on Friday . 
urges every citizen of IL to take a few minutes to urge the governor to fully fund our library system . 
is slightly saddened by the recent demise of the liberal/progressive talk radio network , Air < PROPFEMALE > . It was never radical or funny enough and was often boring but there were moments when some of the hosts ( Thom Hartman in particular ) showed promise . 
had an eventful and enjoyable weekend . The kids both had sleepovers on Sat . night , so < PROPFIRST > and I seized the opportunity to go out to dinner and a movie and on the way home stopped off at a brewpub for a beer . Then this morning we watched the Arsenal-Man U debacle before retrieving the kids . 
off to Sebi's indoor soccer game , followed by a birthday party . 
is happy for New Orleans and even happier that the Superbowl ended at a reasonable hour this year . 
spent Saturday taking his son Sebi from one athletic competition to another . All told he played one game of basketball and THREE indoor soccer matches . Yet today he says he feels fine . Oh , to be young again ... 
feels like Quixote : \he so busied himself in his books that he spent the nights reading from twilight till daybreak and the days from < PROPFEMALE > till dark ; and so from little sleep and much reading his brain dried up and he lost his wits . \"" 
just got off the phone with a magazine editor from the Kurdistani region of Iraq who found my CV online and wanted me to talk to him about \the culture of democracy\ " . His questions were hard to follow and overall it was a very confusing interview . Bizarre . " 
is taking a break from grading papers . It just never ends . 
' s tickets to Gogol Bordello arrived today . Yeah ! And , it looks like I'll be going to see < PROPFIRST > Lydon and Public Image Ltd . a few short days later . It's going to be a spring to remember . 
is grading again . Sigh . 
graded something like 70 papers in the past 8 hours and still has a HUGE stack of exams to grade . It makes me tired just thinking how much I have left to do . So , I'm drinking wine in a vain effort to unwind . 
is grading some more . 
is gradually recovering from his grueling Winter term . If only spring break lasted a few days longer . 
is disturbed that a federal court decided that it is OK for Comcast to block its Internet customers ' ability to share files and video online . Fight corporate censorship of the net ! 
is too tired to go to sleep . 
had a lively conversation with his kids today about banned books , the subject of a report his daughter Aleeza is writing for school . According to her , < PROPFIRST > Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has now been overtaken by the Twilight series and a children's book about two male penguins caring for an egg called And Tango Makes Three on the list of most frequently challenged books for the year . 
today is the 140th anniversary of V . I . Lenin's birth . Whatever one thinks of the revolution he led -- and whatever one's theory about why ( and at what precise historical moment ) that revolution went off the rails -- it is hard not to admire a man who was such a selfless champion of the exploited , the oppressed and the colonized 
is going to Gogol Bordello tonight . 
is still smiling -- and still tired -- from last night's Gogol Bordello-Devotchka extravaganza at the Congress Theater . There was moshing , crowd surfing and a 30 minute encore . Oh yeah , and a high wire artist performed during one of Devotchka's < PROPFIRST > . It was , quit simply , the best show in years . And \Start Wearing Purple\ " completely brought the house down . " 
is facing a deluge of grading . 
Happy May Day . 
is boycotting Arizona until it repeals that damn immigration law . 
happy Cinco de Mayo everyone . Today is a good day to send a strongly worded e-mail or letter to the Gov . of Arizona detailing your opposition to their new immigration law . 
happy Cinco de Mayo everyone . 
spoke last night at a MoveOn.org forum on corporate power & democracy in Frankfort , IL and came away from it impressed with the work of all the progressive activists he met there . 
is hoping to relax for a few minutes this weekend . 
is off to Sebi's soccer game in a few minutes . Go skulls ! 
Sebi's team suffered a disheartening 3-2 defeat yesterday . With less than a minute to go , one of the opposing players dribbled past 4 of our boys and scored the winning goal . Sebi played reasonably well but launched his one decent shot directly at the opposing goalie . Sigh . Skulls Red needs a finisher . 
Happy Mother's Day everyone . 
is about to go to sleep . Tomorrow will be an extremely busy day . He has a directed study to teach , meetings to attend , a prospective new hire in Interactive Media Studies to interview and then , in the evening , a forum to moderate . 
just heard that Iggy Pop and the Stooges are playing Chicago August 28th @ the Aragon Ballroom . Sounds like a show that's not to be missed . 
is confused . In the Chicago Reader today , it said Iggy & the Stooges are playing the Aragon on August 29th , a Sunday . I need to get to the bottom of this before tickets go on sale . 
is off to Sebi's soccer game ... which is taking place on a University of Illinois-Chicago baseball field !?! 
is tired , hot and sweaty and not in a good way . 
is opposed to the Obama administration's plans to privatize what remains of < PROPFEMALE>'s public housing stock . 
is heading into Chicago with < PROPFIRST > to see our old friend < PROPMALE > Koulish . 
today is his son < PROPMALE>'s 12th Birthday . Hard to believe . 
has two days of grading hell ahead of him . Senior grades are due Thursday morning . Then , on Friday , he can turn his attention to the World Cup . 
was delighted by South Africa's strong showing against Mexico . And was even happier that Uruguay tied < PROPFEMALE > . Now , if only the weather would cool down some so I don't die of heat exhaustion during commencement tomorrow . 
Congratulations NCC 2010 graduates 
Deutschland siegt . 
spoke last night to a meeting of the DuPage County Greens about the dangers of media consolidation . I wasn't as sharp as I could've been , no doubt because I keeping getting up at 6 am to watch the early World Cup matches . 
now thinks that the winner of the Argentina-Germany match is a cinch to win the World Cup . This depresses him to no end since in his pool he predicted that either Brazil or Spain would emerge on top and in fact had Germany going out in the quarterfinals . 
Brazil played like Italy and deserved to lose . Ghana played like the Brazil of old and deserved to win . Can't wait till tomorrow's Gemany-Argentina match . 
Deutschland siegt immer wieder 
had a great time tonight hanging out with my old pals < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ( and their daughter < PROPFEMALE > ) in town from MPLS . And tomorrow , we visit < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and family up in Milwaukee . A fun filled 4th of July weekend . 
is off to the first meeting of his summer Urban Studies faculty reading group . We're discussing Sudhir Venkatesh's interesting but highly problematic \Gang Leader for a Day . \ " Should be a good discussion ... " 
attended the House Subcommittee on Energy , Communication and the Internet's field hearing on the Comcast/NBC merger today at the Dirksen Federal Building ( in downtown Chicago ) . Wasn't able to speak , of course , but a number of media reform activists and I silently held up signs urging Congress to \Break Up Big Media Conglomerates . \ " I'm pretty sure California Rep. < PROPFEMALE > Waters -- who was in attendance -- saw us . " 
is planning to attend tomorrow's FCC hearing on the Comcast/NBC merger at Northwestern Law School . And encourages everyone who can to do likewise . 
just got back from the FCC field hearing on the Comcast/NBC merger and is exhausted . Most of the invited panelists -- and FCC commissioner Copps -- were appropriately opposed to the deal . Comcast turned out representatives of a number of organizations who benefit from their sponsorship to sing the company's praises as a \ good corporate citizen\ " but the critics got to speak as well . " 
on this Bastille Day , let's all drink a toast to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hebert , the Sans-Coulottes and , of course , the Cult of Reason . 
and his entire family are heading to New Jersey later today to see < PROPFIRST>'s dad . 
is in NJ and involved in endless deliberations about what we should do today . 
spent yesterday stolling around a very hot , humid NYC ( South Street Seaport-China Town/Canal St. -Little Italy-Greenwich Village ) with the kids . Today he and < PROPFIRST > are off to see Totenham FC play Sporting Lisbon at the NY Red Bulls stadium while the kids lounge in the pool with Grandpa < PROPMALE > . 
is back in Chicagoland . Had an amazing time watching the soccer doubleheader at the wonderful new Red Bulls stadium : Totenham tied Lisbon 2-2 ( and Keen-o scored a nifty goal ); in the next game , the Red Bulls beat Man City 2-1 on a beautiful long strike from < PROPMALE > Richards late in the game . Pictures to come . 
' s co-authored piece on the Comcast-NBC Universal merger got picked up by Truthout . 
wishes he could be in Washington DC to counter-protest at < PROPFIRST > Beck's idiotic\Restoring Honor\ " rally . Hopefully < PROPMALE > Sharpton's \ " Reclaim the Dream\ " march being held on the same day just across town is larger ... and louder " 
' s kids went back to school today . And not a minute too soon . 
did some decent research today at the < PROPFIRST > Washington Library Center . Probably my last research trip of the summer ... 
enjoyed talking to the Humanists of West Suburban Chicagoland last night , even though one of them accidentally walked off with my bag after my lecture was over . 
hopes the rain clears up in time for Sebi's first soccer game of the Fall season . 
first day of classes today . Somehow , I ended up a Monday schedule that has me teaching at 8 am , at 1:20 pm and at 6:30 pm . Talk about a \split shift\ " . I'm ALREADY exhausted . " 
is still recovering from teaching my \jumbo\ " 6:30 - 10:00 pm class last night . The students seem like a good group but even their energy faltered in the 9-10 hour . " 
asked the students in one of his media studies courses to keep a diary of their media usage yesterday . And this morning one of them reported that she'd spent seven hours on Facebook yesterday . Seven hours . 
out of the blue got an e-mail from a North Central student who wants his help making a serious sociology and cultural studies-inflected documentary about the Chicago skinhead/ska-punk scene . Talk about an offer you can't refuse . 
is gearing up for his soccer game later this afternoon . It's been like 3 weeks since he last played . This particular match is the first round of the playoffs of his summer league . Hopefully he can stay in the game . 
is outraged about the FBI's raid on the homes of anti-war activists in Minneapolis and Chicago . 
is off to play a soccer game in the freezing cold . Hope it warms up by the time my son Sebi plays later tonight ... 
hurt his foot playing soccer last night . And his team lost . But , on the upside , Sebi's team played extremely well in a game against their very talented top rivals in the division and earned a 1-1 tie . 
is thinking about the FBI's long history of harassing unions , civil rights activists , socialists and peaceniks . 
was pleased that the first Urban Studies co-sponsored event of the season , a talk about Chicago politics by author and 19th < PROPMALE > native < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , went so well and was so well attended . Here's hoping the next event , a screening of \Worker's Republic\ " attracts another big crowd . " 
is heading off to a conference sponsored by the IL AAUP at Illinois Wesleyan . Sadly , I have to miss my son's soccer tournament in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully I can seem his team play in the final tomorrow . 
is bemused by a Facebook ad he keeps getting for some online dating service for people over 40 . He's pretty sure his relationship still says \Married . \ " Time to tweak that algorithm FB ! " 
should be grading student papers right now ... 
and < PROPFIRST > saw Bad Religion and the Circle Jerks tonight at Riot Fest in Chicago . It was definitely a rocking show . And their ears are still ringing . 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize LGBT families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aeZv7y . 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize LGBT families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aeZv7y . 
wonders why we have a government holiday in honor of a man who enslaved and brutalized the indigenous people he encountered in the so-called New World . 
is in State College , < PROPFEMALE > for the Union for Democratic Communications conference . Heading down to the opening reception in a few minutes . 
is back from the Union for Democratic Communications conference . It was a blast . The conference hosts at Penn St. did a wonderful job . I only wish we didn't have to wait 18 months for another one ... 
is hoping to find time tomorrow to finish up work on a book chapter and start work on his NEXT conference paper . After grading three sets of midterms over the past 3 days , he's simply too spent to do anything on either project tonight . Now , for a relaxing glass of wine ... 
is appalled that the gay-bashing Westboro Baptist Church crew is planning to protest on the North Central College campus on Monday BUT delighted that so many students and faculty are involved in the plan to respond to their nonsense . On Monday wear red and a purple armband . 
just got back from his first indoor soccer game of the season . And not only did he manage to avoid getting injured , but he also scored a beautiful , one-touch goal . 
is taking a break from grading student websites . And is hoping to have all his grading done in time to watch the Daily Show . 
is on his way to his son Sebi's soccer game . Later he'll attend his daughter Aleeza's Honors Band concert . And then , finally , he'll return home and watch his recording of the the Nebraska-Missouri game . GBR . 
is pleased that Brazil elected its first female president , Dilma Rousseff of the Worker's Party . Even if the WP is not nearly as radical as it once was ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE>'s accommodation with the powers that be ) , it is still nice to see a woman who took up arms against the ruling military junta in the 70s -- and was jailed and tortured for it -- leading that country . 
wonders\ 
how -- after watching the record amounts of corporate money that were \ 
spent to influence the outcome of this election -- anyone in their right \ 
mind can doubt that our government is little more than the \executive \ 
enjoyed tonight's NCC production of \Phantom of the Opera . \"" 
' s daughter Aleeza is celebrating her 14th birthday today . Seems like just yesterday that I was pushing her around St. < PROPFIRST > in a baby stroller . 
is completely exhausted after teaching his evening \jumbo\ " Mass Media & Society course . And tomorrow he has to get up and put the finishing touches on his NCA presentation . " 
is in Palo Alto , CA . In a few hours , I'll be heading up to San < PROPFIRST > where I'll be spending a few busy days at the National Communication Association annual convention . 
is in a grading daze . Or is it a grading haze ? 
is heading off to give his last exam . And then , it's back home to grade ( and make a pumpkin-chocolate cheesecake with daughter Aleeza ) . 
is tired after the traditional post-Thanksgiving outdoor pick up soccer game ( against son < PROPMALE > , his teammates and assorted parents ) . 
enjoyed speaking at the Columbia College Cultural Studies Colloquium earlier tonight , although I'm afraid I rambled on a bit much and may have lost some of the students in places . I think I talked for like 70 minutes or something . But there were some decent questions afterwards ... And now I need a glass of wine . 
has 14 days to read and review two books , prep his winter term classes and crank out half a dozen letters of recommendation . Not much of a break if you ask me . 
' s heart is with the UK students protesting the recent round of tuition hikes . 
spent an hour and a half cleaning his damn office at school tonight and it is still a mess . How can so much academic detritus accumulate in 10 short weeks ? 
is getting ready for his indoor soccer game tonight & is hoping he doesn't re-injure his right calf muscle . 
did , in fact , get hurt in last night's indoor soccer game . Thankfully , it doesn't appear to be too serious . Should be able to play Sunday . 
played indoor soccer again tonight . And his already hurt right calf is awfully sore again and cramping intermittently . Maybe it is a sign that he's getting too old for this sport . 
calling all academics . Please sign the Committee to Stop FBI Repression's letter condemning the government attack on the civil liberties of social justice and human rights activists . Link below . 
is psyched that Spike < PROPFIRST > is coming to campus next week ... 
is afraid he's coming down with something . His throat is scratchy and his nose is running and he feels feverish . Playing an hour of indoor soccer ( without subs ) tonight probably didn't help matters . 
' s heart is with the demonstrators in Egypt who seem poised to overthrow the dictator Mubarak . 
wishes he could be in < PROPFEMALE > , WI for the big rally against Gov . < PROPMALE>'s neoliberal assault on workers ' rights . 
really wishes he could travel up to < PROPFEMALE > , WI for the big demo in favor of workers ' rights on Monday . 
is pleasantly surprised that unions in WI are willing to even consider a general strike . If it happens , it'll be the first < PROPMALE > general strike in North < PROPFEMALE > since the Quebec general strike of 1972 ( which involved 200,000 public sector workers and some 300,000 workers overall ) . 
\What's Disgusting ? Union Busting ! \"" 
wishes all the women he knows a very happy International Women's Day ! Today is the 100th anniversary of the holiday ( which was initially known as International Working Women's Day and , like most good things , was started by committed socialists ) . 
http://ilike.myspacecdn.com/play#Judy+Collins:Bread+And+Roses:817915:s297571.25539.2304.0.1.71%2Cstd_a10bb3ea4b7a162b619197839f3d004f 
stands with the teachers , hospital staffers and other public sector workers whose collective bargain rights are under attack in Wisconsin . The people united will never be defeated . 
is preparing to leave for New Orleans and the annual SCMS conference . But first , I have to head over to school and meet with a number of students . I guess I can rest on the plane . 
is back from New Orleans . Had a great time wandering around the French Quarter , hanging out with old grad school pal < PROPFEMALE > Walden and reconnecting with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > -- a friend from my college days at UW : < PROPFEMALE > -- after some 25 years . Oh yeah , and the conference ( Society for Cinema and Media Studies ) wasn't bad either . Now I need to rest ... 
read somewhere that chronic pain damages the brain . If that's true , then all this grading is probably doing irreparable harm to my cerebral cortex . Will it ever end ? 
beware the Ides of March ... 
' s grading is FINALLY done . And it's only 1 am . 
is ready for spring break ... 
' s spring break is coming to an end . 
is just one week into the Spring Term and already he's feeling tired and harried . Sigh ... 
is gearing up for NCMR in Boston later this week . Anyone else going ? 
is in Boston and heading out the door of his hotel room for the National Conference for Media Reform . Should be a busy but energizing day ... 
is grading . What else is new ? 
' s office is several degrees too warm for comfort . And the damn radiator won't turn off . 
is off to spend most of his birthday at the Illinois AAUP Annual Meeting in Chicago . < PROPFIRST > and the kids will be joining him later for the IL Labor History Society's \full scale reenactment\ " of the notorious Haymarket bombing incident at the eponymous square followed drinks and music ( by < PROPFIRST > Langford ) at the eponymous pub . A very full day ... " 
thanks everyone for the very kind B-day wishes . The Haymarket re-enactment was awesome -- I even ran into an old friend from college -- and the micro-brewed Belgian-style beer afterwards was just as good . 
wishes everyone a Happy May Day . 
can't believe he is about to go play soccer in this heat and humidity . If I keel over , it's been nice knowing all of you ... 
is finally getting serious about planting his vegetable and < PROPMALE > garden . Screw the grading . He will not rest until he's got some tomato plants in the ground ... 
' s back is aching from tilling and planting but at least the garden is in . Now , he needs to decide what sorts of ( utilitarian , edible ) stuff to grow in the planters . 
is in an existentialist mood ( or , even better , an existentialist funk ) . 
is heartened by the fact he is just 10 days away from the end of his spring term . And not a moment too soon as the term has been grueling and he is utterly spent and more than a little burnt out . Now , back to the UEFA championship game . 
is preparing to go see his kids ' march bands perform in the Naperville Memorial Day parade . It's supposed to be in the 90s . 
just taught his last class of the term . Now , all that's left is finals and grading , lots of grading . 
' s son < PROPMALE > is 13 years old today . 
is off to North Central's commencement today . 
' s summer has finally begun . And to < PROPFIRST > the occasion , he's delving into the first novel of the summer : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s The Zero . It's pretty decent so far ... 
just spent some time going through the files of the Chicago Film Censor Board . Found some fascinating stuff on the banning of classic gangster film \Public Enemy\ " ( 1931 ) . " 
had a great time at the Working Studies Association Conference @ UIC this past week . It was great to see alte genossen -- old comrades -- like < PROPFIRST > Cloud , < PROPFEMALE > Hill , < PROPFIRST > Burger and < PROPFIRST > Rachleff . The panels were uniformly interesting . And the beer at the Haymarket Brewery could not be beat . 
is wondering if anyone out there has seen the < PROPMALE > Fairbanks ' flick \Party Girl\ " ( 1930 ) . It was banned in Chicago and the censorship board was unusually upset by it . " 
' s daughter and parents are back from their trip to Hawaii , all rested and tan . Today , we get to celebrate my dad's B-Day with a big BBQ . Happy Birthday Dad ! 
is flying out tomorrow morning to NJ for his father-in-law's funeral . He lived a good , long life and will be missed . 
is back from his father-in-law < PROPMALE>'s funeral . It will take a while to come to grips with his absence . Thank you , everyone , for the kind words of consolation and sympathy . 
is extremely depressed to learn that < PROPFIRST > Amis -- bete noire of British fiction -- will be speaking about the life and work of novelist < PROPMALE > Bellow in Chicago on the evening of Tuesday , October 18th . Unfortunately , I teach that evening and can't for the life of me figure out how I could justify canceling class to attend . If I were teaching some sort of lit class , I could perhaps require the students to go but I'm not so I can't . Bummer . 
is heading out for one last visit to the McCormick-Tribune papers before his summer is officially finished . 
got to see the Chicago Fire whip the Colorado Rapids 2-0 last night with < PROPFIRST > and the kids . It was a perfect night for some footy ... 
' s damn tomato plants are dying already . Seems very early . 
Take a look at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s report card from college . The F in second semester Organic Chem I can perhaps excuse . Organic Chem is a killer . But the guy who got a D in Economics and a D in the highest math class he ever took ( Trig ) is supposedly going to steer us out of a recession ? Of that I'm not so sure . \ 
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6vG5ZeJ149E/Tj99DF69jzI/AAAAAAAAMUY/LZh27HUHzWg/s1600/PERRY.jpg 
is preparing to teach one of those 3 and half hour long jumbos classes this evening . And this one has some 35 students enrolled . 
was pleased by the turnout at the big AAUP kickoff event at North Central this evening . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s talk was thought-provoking and made a number of cogent points about the assault on the humanities , the attack on tenure , the erosion of academic freedom and -- surprisingly -- even the best way to approach distance learning . Good stuff . 
