Remember that whoever created the image you're borrowing holds the copyright to it . 

It's friday , and I want to go home ! Meeting , email accounts , server configs , bah humbug !!!! 
Got a lot of work to do tomorrow ... anyone want to volunteer for some heavy lifting ? 
Ok , we're moved ! ( Mostly ) . There's little tale end stuff like lamps and some closet contents left , but the big heavy stuff is moved . I'm hitting the aspirin pretty hard this morning , needless to say . 
Is it possible that one's things begin to reproduce when you decide to move ? The crap just doesn't seem to stop being there ! 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Meyer & Béla Fleck waiting for the day to wind down . 
The AC at work has quit , my allergies are kickin ' my ass , and I want a nap . Waaah ! 
Back at work , counting email addresses and comparing that to spam filter records . The internet is so SEXY ! 
Please do your friendly neighborhood geek a favor and keep your site registration info up to date ! 
friday . 
Your Friendly Neighborhood Geek says : If you send lots of attachments via email , be prepared for them to disappear from the email or not arrive at all , and to fill up everyone's mailboxes . Mailboxes aren't designed for a lot of data , and attachments are usually HUGE by email standards . Use a file transfer service instead . Don't know what a file transfer service is ? Google it ;) 
OMFG ! A Himmicane is coming ! A Himmicane is coming ! Run fer the hills ! Yawn , big deal . Been there , done that , got the t-shirt . Bring in the cat and curl up with a good book , I say . 
Happy Anniversary , Sweetie ! It's been a strange trip so far , but that's half the fun . Here's to many , many more . I love you ! 
Back to work ... now if I could just find a good reference for Web design . 
is feeling crappy and low . Life doesn't suck , but I still wanna spend some time in a fetal position . Go meds ! 
Gaaaah ! Wordpress ! Joomla ! This is supposed to be easy for the layman to figure out , THEN WHY DOES MY BRAIN HURT ?? 
It's saturday , the sun is shining , there's a nice cool breeze . Meh . 
shaved his beard ! 
thinks his face feels strange . Looks funny , too . 
wishes he could focus better . 
is fighting the urge to just go to bed . It won't solve anything and will just make me feel worse . Gotta suck it up and be a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The facial manliness returneth ... slowly . 
wants to kick some ass . Literally , as in \don't look at me funny or you'll end up in the hospital\ " asskickin ! " 
is not feeling as homicidal today , thanks to non-stop self-analysis and some extra medication ( and a little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) . 
Happy showing your thankfulness for the fullness of your lives by stuffing your faces with baked animal flesh and fruit day ! ( Seriously , Happy Thanksgiving ! ) ;) 
has a cold . His head hurts , he's tired . He's going to bed . Tomorrow he'll feel better . 
feels somwhat better . Still snotty and achy , but functional . 
thinks the weather today is GREAT ! No , really ... I like lots of rain and high winds ... and having wipers come off my car ... and leaks on my computer ... and ... 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I , so there , < PROPFEMALE > ! :P < PROPFEMALE > Patterson-Meadors 
In cases of hydrocephalus , a one-way valve is used to drain excess cerebrospinal fluid from the brain and < PROPFEMALE > it to other parts of the body . This valve usually sits outside the skull , but beneath the skin , somewhere behind the ear . 
just had some yummy chorizo and eggs made by his sweetie , and is going to take a nap ! 
is relieved that he made it to Friday . 
needs gas . 
got a full tank of gas . Thanks , mom . You're a lifesaver . 
is feeling crappy again . Good thing it's Saturday . 
got an Ipod Touch for Christmas ( and got to open it early) ! * Happydance * 
is listening to a brass band play \Peace on Earth\ " from the church next door . " 
is very angry tonite . Why doesn't matter . Try not to hurt anyone . 
Woke up , had some cake , took nap . Days off are so nice ... Sleeping late tomorrow too . 
Ok , < PROPFIRST > ... in Haiku form : I'm seen in a police car , Riding in the back . What the hell did I do ??? 
Once again , nothing to say . To tired to think . To sleep , perchance to dream ( some ) . 
This week's Profile Pic stunt : Find a picture you like of a celebrity you've been told you look like ( or who looks like you , for the less modest out there ) , and set that as your profile pic . 
is making bannana bread . I knew those furry bannanas would be good for something ! 
is drinking a < PROPFIRST > D's mocha that he couldn't stir . All of the chocolate is at the bottom . Kinda sucked to start , but now it's chocolatey ! ( Gimmie a straw next time , morons ! ) 
is goofing off here rather than packing . I HATE MOVING ! 
is packing sheisa today in preparation to MOVE AGAIN tomorrow . Moving SUCKS ! 
didn't get his clearance , so the job fell through . Not sure what I did to make uncle < PROPFIRST > think I'm not trustworthy . I'll find out what this is about . Oh , yes . I will ... 
is sick . Sniffly , coughing , the whole bit . Took some cold meds and am going to bed . 
is planning on moving more stuff tomorrow . The river Snott has dried up , so the outlook is positive ! 
|You know , while quite tasty and refreshing , < PROPFEMALE > Beer is freakin ' HOT ! Like way too many jabaneros in your chili hot ! 
Moving sucks . MOVING sucks ! Moving SUCKS ! Did I say that moving sucks ? Well , it does . 
Sitting by the pool . Sinuses threatening revolt . I'm hoping a showroom will calm things down . 
Sorry to everybody who got the \Optical Illusion\ " post . It is spam . Don't click on it or it will propagate . " 
still has a bad case of the \mondays\ " . Looks like the forcast is for more of the same tomorrow . Meh . " 
Taurus - After years of zoological study and careful consideration , you've decided that what separates us from the animals is a clever system of ditches and barriers . \ 
\ 
Ain't that the truth ! 
A very < PROPFEMALE > unbirthday to you , unless it's your birthday , too ! 
feels like a polka dotted monkey eating orange markers in the purple snow of Australia . What ? We've all had our awkward moments before , this is mine . 
thinks JFK was right : going to the < PROPFEMALE > was the right thing to do . Well , Mars is there too . We know the genetic sequence for dinosaurs , ergo Dinosaurs on Mars , because it's there ! 
is learning to not like summer vacation with a sick kid . 
Had my 3rd interview with an international IT firm looking for a domestic print designer . It went well , and I'm keeping my fingers crossed . Also , I had a meeting today with a fellow who wants me to develop the marketing for his line of specialty distilled spirits , and ANOTHER who wants me to develop graphics for his iPhone app ! Keep your fingers crossed , I may be a very busy fellow soon ! 
We bought a red Wii as a late Christmas present . Virtual bowling is fun . Baseball , not so much . 
Had another job interview today , and it went great . Two others last friday , and two more scheduled for next week . Somethings bound to come of it ! It will ! Oh yes ... it will ! 
One day I want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
I'm on TV ! I'm on TV ! I'm on ... ( snore ) 
It REALLY pisses me off when reputable companies like Oracle bundle crap with updates . I mean , really ? It makes me want to boycott your stuff ! 
It's 2011 . I want my flying car ! 
Starting training for my new job today . I'll be in Tallahassee for 3 weeks . Hooray , I have a job ! 
Going back to Tally later today for another week of training . Some time home was good . 
I was just looking over my recent status posts . No wonder I'm gaining weight ! I thought coffee was an appetite suppressant !? 
I'm tired and I wanna go home . It's late and I wanna go to bed . 
Goin ' back to Tally . Don't really wanna . 
My brain is full . 
I feel like a horrible failure . Probably not , but it feels that way . 
I have a daughter who's functionally 5 , with the body and emotions of a 16 year old . It's a roller coaster ride followed by a free fall without a parachute . It can be lots of fun , and sometimes really scary . 
Start my new job in the morning . Wish me luck ! 
What is it with everyone suddenly uploading examples of their artwork ? Is this a conspiracy ? 
Why , oh why is foursquare no longer updating to my facebook feed ? Where's the love , Zuckerberg ? 
