< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 

Most of the family is over . Small children and old people .. Please kill me . 
Whenever I want someone to log on , everyone but them logs on . ;-; 
For once I almost miss public school . 
Just fyi , my last account got banned for no reason . : l 
I need to go to sleep but I CAN'T SLEEP ! > : l 
LOL . My mom's going off on a tangent about meningitis or w.e it is because I drank after people at the lock in . 
Hating my cellphone . 
Mom has figured it out ! * last random post on wall for today * 
I just went jogging .. Nothing hurts except my lungs . Damn asthma ! 
Why do so many of my comments dissappear ? Dx 
Should get computer back tomorrow .. :P 
I'M A TWIG ! DX Misa gave me this one shirt that .. the cut of it just shrinks my waist . GAH . My mom is right for once . Nooo ! 
So humid .. :s 
Ok , just letting you all know I'm a pathetic , two faced bitch who doesn't deserve a social life . Delete me now . 
Bored as heck , not up to going riding . :-/ 
Had fun running into < PROPMALE > and Kenzie at the girls/guys night out thing . 
YAY ! SOMEONE GAVE ME A SHEEP IN FARMVILLE . SHEEP ! SHEEP ! SHEEP ! SHEEP ! SHEEP ! 
My mom is staying at the hospital again tonight , with my grandma who's on life support . The human body is so fragile .. 
My dog Pecos is very concerned about the flies my dad was killing outside of our garage . :P 
I wish I could honestly say I didn't care . 
I was outside all night without a problem , and when I get inside I finally start to feel cold . 
Wanting to tell my mom to go to hell . 
I feel like crap . :( 
I'll be getting my braces off around spring . YAY !!!!!!!!! 
The world has show itself to me as what it really is ; a place full of pain , secrets , and people that let you know you're not alone in any of it . 
Am I too sarcastic ? 
Well , I'm pissed . 
I find it funny that my mom is wearing her heavy coat to the barn now , and I've just started wearing long sleeves . 
LOL ! I just tried to find a picture of < PROPFEMALE > Fox without makeup on Google images , and it said nothing matched that search . Stupid slut . 
Life sucks right now . 
I hope the power goes out so that I don't have to do my school work . :) 
Farmville : STOP POSTING CRAP WHEN I DON'T TELL YOU TO ! 
Terrified for no specific reason . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone . :) 
A music box thing started playing by itself . My mom and I have decided that it was Grandma . :P 
Some wounds just refuse to heal . 
Thanks for getting my hopes up . At least now I've learned that if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . 
The retreat was awesome ! :D 
I'm bored . :( 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcKwexirzcM&NR=1 YAY ! I want one . 
I've reached a new level of stupidity . 
Forget the former things ; do not dwell on the past . See I am doing a new thing ! Now it springs up ; do you not perceive it ? I am making a way in the desert and streams in the wasteland . < PROPMALE > 43 : 18-19 
Traitor ! You know who you are , although I doubt you'll see this because I deleted you . :) 
is sad . :( 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Who else ISN'T watching the Super Bowl ? 
I'm bored . * cries 
:( 
I wish I could stop getting excited about things , because I always end up disappointed . 
Youth group was awesome tonight . ^.^ 
Couldn't make it to TFC tonight , so I guess I'll have to wait until next Sunday to socialize . Oh well . :p 
Yay ! :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNZzJELbFRI 
Yay ! 
Looking for my musical freestyle song for fair . I think I've almost got it . 
So much for spring break . 
Ow .. 
YAY ! My mom's directing I Never Saw Another Butterfly ! 
Nobody needs me anymore . 
I think I just found my freestyle music for fair this year . Finally . 
omg guys I`m typing this from a wii ! Lol 
:-/ 
Apparently having friends is considered rude . 
FML 
CREEPER ! 
God has a really weird sense of humour . I like it though . Lol .. 
Lost my phone , in case you're one of the few people that text me .. that's why I'm not answering . :p 
Going back to the fair again , we're in the big barn this year instead of the outdoor one . Come visit me ? bored D: 
Going back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow , who has lunch 5C ? Either cafeteria , let me know which one . 
Auditions for I Never Saw Another Butterfly are Sat . Dec . 11 at noon and Sun . Dec 12 at 1:00 pm at Encore Theater . Cast is at least 4 adults ( 2 male , 2 female ) , and a minimum of 15 youth 10 years & up ( maybe more ) . Come and audition for my mom's show ! 
