this place scares me ... 

BArbarians , Fighters and Paladins , are the best of all character classes 
ummmmm ... 
Today I get to mow two lawns ! 
Tales of The Sword , go see it now ! 
Just got back from watersking all weekend , im tired as ever ! 
Just got home from my unlces house , lots of boating and wii action ! 
My day SUCKED ! I got angery at a computer , and had farted in class , sigh ... 
home is almost done , but ill do it tomarrow in homeroom . Dont know what to write for a speech for honor society ... 
woke up ... sat in bed , sneezed about 16 times , and off to school . 
its the weekend !!!! now i just have to write my NJHS speach , sigh ... 
am i the only one who wakes up this early on weekends ? 
I partied all day long and now i'm off to bed ... 
Vote < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for NJHS President ! 
Today I danced in spanish class , not so goodly . Also just finished speech , off to do rest of my homework . 
I ' the presidant of National < PROPMALE > Honor Soceity ! 
another boring day at school , 100-something days left to go . 
finaly this week is over , going to be scuba diving this weekend . 
just now got home from scuba diving , off to go play some halo 3 ODST . 
... 
Me and < PROPMALE > just finished building our roller coaster . 
Going on 11 mile hike , wish me luck . 
Don't ever get sent to MIP ! worst experience ever ! But Im still alive . 
our science project is finsihed ... hopefully . 
Boy scout camporie is cancelled ! YAY !!!!!! 
I'm glad i missed the no MIR partuy , I've already seen the movie anyway . :/ 
just got back form trick or treating , Im soaked to the bone . 
another day of school over . yay . 
Almost missed the bus , forgot to get my instrument . But i made it . 
All County Chorus thing today ... It was ... boring :/ 
I just banged my knee into the wall . it hurt :( 
all county chorus tonight ... sigh . 
I just logged on and i found i have over 100 unanswered requests . is that like a recod or something ? 
All county chorus concert tonight . 
going to run 2 < PROPMALE > , in the rain . 
ok I just ran it , and I'm wet , my legs are soar , and I have a really bad cramp in my left side , but I feel I accomplished something . 
Just finished our dinner , it was awsome . Also we fed our dog allitle bit of turky , she really liked it . 
just got home from Honor Soceity Meeting , not pleasant 
Got home from sorting cans at school , I was the last one to leave , and got home at 5:14 
studying for spanish ... 
My head hurts , i got stiches in my head . 
Its snowing , yay ! 
Just finished shoveling snow . It's cold outside 
Goinf up to new hampshire soon for christmas . 
MY birthdays coeming up too ! I dont know why people fear the holidays , it must be an adult thing , i guess once im 21 i'll see why . 
MY brother is n the hospital because he fell down the elevator in our grandparents house house . Soooo ... dont bother asking how , its just a long story . 
Lets just hope < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can also be on next years ball dropping . 
schools cancelled , again ... 
I wore my patriots shirt to school today : I wasn't surprised to see alot of purple , I bet they wouldn't have worn those shirts if the ravens lost though ... 
Bowling Tomarrow !!!!!!! 
I learned two things today : 1 . I cant bowl . 2 . When bowling it is NOT a good idea to step on the < PROPFIRST > unless you want to slide around and fall . 
now i get to go to first aid training , yay ... ( sarcasim :/ ) 
I get to stick it to the man tommarrow , civil disobidience for the win ! 
Klondike was cold , our troop won 5 ribbons : A NEW RECORD ! 
No school again tommarow 
No school again tommarrow . 
Did Lots of skiing this weekend . 
i took a poop 
I just saw Kick Ass , and it was awsome ! 
was a line leader at OA weekend , hard work . 
LAst monday I got in trouble for many many reasons , one of them being saying and inappropiate word to a sub teacher . I got MIP and was grounded for 2 weeks , from xbox , TV , and my laptop . I actually had to play OUTSIDE . I went to some boyscout leadership training thing this weekend when I was put in the same patrol as a mean girl ( who let them in boyscouts ) , and now I am home and my day at school was so-so . 
Found out today that the school lacross sticks are easy to break . 
first NJHS meeting as not presisdant , it was pretty short . 
I can't hear you I'm sleeping ... 
Suits are awsome . 
Just saw Hangover , why does < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > have a tiger ? 
Middle school is done !!!! No more Mrs Jacobs , Mrs < PROPMALE > , Mr Jones , Mrs Close , and all the rest ! 
went to a bonfire last night , my geomertry practice book was the first thing I tossed in the fire , followed by all of the spanish work . 
I'm useing the iPad at the apple store right now .. 
it says i installed facebook for iphone , but i dont even have an iphone ! Must have did something at thr < PROPMALE > store when playing with all of the ipads . 
i some how found internet ! 111 !!!!! one !! 
I am at a family reunion doing what ever you do at family reunions ... 
Saw the movie miss march on On Demand , the best part is was that they were the same guys from whitest kids you know . 
Another day of band camp done , 6 more to go ... * sigh * 
Band camp lesson : Half the band is decent people , everyone else is annoying/stupid/etc . 
drum major : How are your feet !? \ 
\ 
me : Ahhhh-laha-ahh , 1st um band ! 
BAnd : Whatz that in da sky !!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 !!!! eleven !!!!!!!! 11 ! \ 
Me : O my god , a goose !!!!!!!!! 11one11 !! 11\ 
* Runs up and kicks it*\ 
Me : Hardcore . 
Im home from band camp but don't have a funny thing to say ...... hardcore ! 
< PROPFIRST > Collins : You can't get dehydrated when its cool out\ 
Me : Yeah you can . \ 
< PROPFIRST > : Yeah but its highly unlikely\ 
Me : well say you just did 299 billion push-ups ? I would be pretty dehydrated ... 
someone whos read fallen angels for summer reading , send me a facebook message with an attachment of your report and book notes if you typed them ... 
some party ... 
YEAH !!!! Schools Tommarow !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAeh !!!! Im so pumped ! Yeah ! I CANT WAIT !!!!!!!! WOOOhoo !!! 11 !!! OMG !!! 1 Like this if you think sarcasim is funny . 
well im in high school now , it might be different than middle school , but that dosen't make it fun . 
Introduction to Engineering Design = Best Freaking Class in the World . 
Whats on your mind ? 
another hardcore day of band practice is done . 
First Marching Band GAme : Hardcore . \ 
( Can someone tell me the final score ) 
This is the part of the movie when i make a post about the inspirational moment at band practice ... 
yeah stuck at home right now with no ride to that party thing tonight , i might show up after 7:00 
Away game was good , bus ride home , not so much . 
Whats on your Mind ? 
This is the part were I post the lyrics to some song or a quote , and a bunch of people like it and post <3 ' s in the comment box . Then people like me wonder what the heck is going on ... 
Well my fellow freshmen , we got 4th place this year , thats better than 5th . 
had a hardcore time at < PROPFIRST > arena . 
Parkour !!!!! 
i just got a skype , and there is no one to talk too ... 
I finally got black ops , I had no idea what i was missing ... 
Im in New Hampshire , and I found the internet ! 
Freakin facebook , all the names on the side of the < PROPFEMALE > are on top of everything ! New format sucks , if it ain't broken , don't fix it . 
Jesus has a lot of candles to blow out , I wonder if God uses trick candles . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
if any one goes to a mall today , telll me if they see a \Meet < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > King\ " thing in place of the mall santas . " 
Super man should come to school , beat up the teachers and give us all A's on our finals ... 
anyone know how to defriend people ? 
Today in chemistry , Mr. < PROPFIRST > told us to go to < PROPFEMALE > 25 in our books , he started to talk , we never read a word in the book the whole class ... 
Oh my God , < PROPFIRST > Sandler wanted the JETS in the Super Bowl !!? A traitor to to New England if you ask me . Anyway ... GREEN BAY ALL THE WAY ! Look out < PROPMALE > Rapist-burger ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got offensive MVP Player of the Year !!! Yeah go Patriots ... ( and Greenbay too ) 
some half time ... O_O 
About time , Packers score another touch down ! Suck it Pittsberg ! 
YEAH GREEN BAY ALL THE WAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU GOD !!!!!!!! HELLZ YEAH ! GO HOME PITTSBERG !!!!!!!! 
