Does it really have to be cold and snowy ? 

Taking it one day at a time and getting ready to go back to school . 
The gig in Sarpsborg was with other bands , and was quite a big show . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ?? 
\There's a rumour of a midnight man So silent in disguise And every time he looks your way You can see it in his eyes Like a window to the storm He invades your paradise Don't you buy what he is selling It's just lies \"" 
Was there any way I could have known ? 
Back on the night shift .... oh joy !!! Not really , but you have to pay your dues to get to where you wanna be . 
Rest in peace , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Senkbeil . You may be gone , but your quiet strength and resilience lives on in me . You're not forgotten .... 
I Love my mom !? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate . So make sure you appreciate them while they are still here ! 
We sail in dark waters*Lord give me some peace of mind*Temptation before me*Ahead lies the tower of truth that I must find*To you I will climb*Til I leave this cruel world far behind*Always know that I WILL SURRENDER MY HEART TO THE SKY * OUR LOVE DOESN'T END HERE * IT LIVES FOREVER ON THE WINGS OF TIME 
If you ? and appreciate your sister , copy and paste this to your status !!!!.... 
? When I'm with you , I feel naked and sacred . And this world can be so cold , I wanna hold you naked and sacred ' til I grow old ? 
I've been told I have an overactive imagination , but hey , I have several different career options when I finally get tired of a \normal\ " job . " 
Unlocking that door that leads to ... I don't know where , but I'll know when I get there . 
I just realized that I'm a prisoner locked in the everyday world we call reality . Searching for the keys ..... 
They say the < PROPMALE > of Love sleeps on a < PROPFEMALE > bed . My sheets feel like sanpaper and my pillow feels like lead . 
Sorting through the < PROPFEMALE > opportunities and beautiful lumps of coal to fulfill a prophecy that I did not understand and is now coming to fruition . 
Everybody wants heaven , but nobody wants to die . Ironic because the process of living kills you . 
I'm going to find out just who I am and how much potential I really have today . I'm nervous , but I hope I'll do well at this audition . 
Things are finally going my way !!! I'll make it if I have to claw and scratch my way to the very top . 
When you've got nothing left to lose , taking that leap of faith may make or break you depending on where you're looking when you jump . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise Awareness . LOL ! 
I know it's a bleak day today , but I can't help but see beauty in everything because of how good God's been to me . After all , we need the moisture . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . AMEN !!! HOW APPROPRIATE RIGHT NOW WE ARE PRAYING FOR YOU 
I feel just like a little kid again , because I see the world through those eyes again when everything was new , beautiful , and full of wonder . I've got my laughter back ! Life is so good !!! 
WHAT ON EARTH !?!?! I just got a call from a modeling agency trying to set up an audition . I told them that they're a little late for April Fool's .... strange . I'm going to bed . 
I love warm weather and tranquil walks by the river . 
This morning was so peaceful just listening to the sound of the rain coming down and soaking my skin , bringing me back from a daydream .... Ugh !!! Next time I'll bring an umbrella ! 
I'M SO EXCITED !!!!!! I just got my ACT test results back today , tonight's my last night on overnights and I'm off Saturday and Sunday . For someone who's been out of school for 5 years and considering I was having a really bad day when I took the test , I actually did very well !!! Life is beautiful !!! :-D 
Something like rain That falls from the sky The air that I breathe The tears of joy in my eyes An innocent child A flower in bloom Oh , I can't help it I see beautiful 
I'm back on days and loving it !!! I get to meet new people and go to bed when it's dark outside !!! The only bad thing is that I've done the night shift for so long that my bio clock still wakes me up at certain intervals during the night . Maybe one day I'll sleep straight through the night again . SAT is on Saturday-ready or not , here I come ! 
My one day off and it snows !?! I guess I'll be < PROPFEMALE > Homemaker today and get all my cooking and cleaning done . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you , or someone you know , has fought depression . Most people probably won't post this , but it's Mental Health Week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . Show your support good people ... Pass this post around , we know there's alot of us out there . 
? YOU'RE MY MIRACLE OF LIFE ? YOU'RE EVERYTHING I BREATHE ? I WANNA FALL ASLEEP IN YOUR ETERNITY ? SO I LET THE WINTERS FALL , SPRING THE SUMMER FREE ? IF THE SEASON IS YOUR LOVE ? STOP THE WORLD FOR ME ? 
How many times has psychology made you analyze what you should be ? And how many times has some philosophy made you spin around too dizzy to see ? And how many times have we looked too deep for what we should have seen so obviously ? 
Stay ALIVE , in LIFE!!!~Don't let yourself fade ~ Oh , love too , oh love too much ~ Give your heart away ~ Dance ' til the morning comes , ' til the music fades ........ 
Had a fun night hanging out with friends being totally random and off-the-wall . Now it's time to go to bed . 
Every day is another day and the words are cold when they're cutting through my soul . Don't look around you're doing fine .... 
You're a world of blind ambition staring through the looking glass . You will meet your own collision when your conscience comes to task . 
I need to get out of town !!! This has been a long week ..... 
What a weekend !!! Camped under the stars , hiked , did some < PROPMALE > climbing , attempted catching a runaway horse , and I'm still as white as a sheet ! I look and feel like I'm 16 again !!! 
I've been working , running on a deadline all my lifetime , hanging on a thin line . Got my freedom , I gotta get it this time , can't stop this time !!! NO ONE CAN HOLD ME DOWN ! NOTHING CAN KEEP ME DOWN ! 
Break away , I gotta break away ... this ain't no way to live my life . I'll find a place for the words I want to say . The rest is wasted hanging time . 
OUTSIDE IT MAY BE RAINING ... BUT IN HERE IT'S ENTERTAINING !!! 
Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place\ 
Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace\ 
Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste\ 
It all revolves around YOU !!! 
At the sight of him , my heart found its resting place , \ 
but the foreigner took my heart and flew away . \ 
Jingling , jingling , \ 
Jingling , the bells on my anklets sound ! \ 
I'll come near you , I'll sink into your breath ... \ 
I'll steal away your sleep 
I want to walk in the open wind\ 
I want to talk like lovers do\ 
I want to dive into your ocean\ 
Is it raining with you ? 
I wanna use you and abuse you , I wanna know what's inside you Hold your head up , movin ' on Keep your head up , movin ' on SWEET DREAMS ARE MADE OF THIS WHO AM I TO DISAGREE ? 
Freedom's not free ! Thank you to the men and women who have and still continue to fight for their country . Don't let them take away < PROPFEMALE > the HOME of THE BRAVE !!! 
Never listen to SWEET DREAMS before going to bed ..... that was one of the strangest dreams I've ever had :/ 
I'm upset right now ... I was coming home from my quiet time in the mountains and came across one of the worst highway accidents I've ever seen . That semi was so smashed and I very much doubt that the two people involved survived . 
Got my SAT results in today ! Did really well and now the time is right for me to go enroll . GO ME !!! * whoop whoop * 
Idaho drivers don't know which direction to go on a one-way ! Speaking of one-way .... * muahahaha HA ! * 
I'm leaving Montana in July !!! :-D 
Not by way of an apology for the things that I have done , do I set my boat upon the sea . So like thunder I am breaking free in the landscape of the heart . It's hard to tell what's really taking me . 
I'm everything that you never wanted , why does it mean so much to you ? I'm walking away , not begging you to please let me stay . You wanna take a picture so that you'll remember me standing by this open door . Does it make it better if you tell yourself I never wanted to go ? 
Crimes of passion , crimes of mortal men . It's a deadly attraction and I WON'T be fooled again . The storm is coming , the winds begin to rise . Please release me from this house of compromise ..... DON'T CHAIN MY HEART !!! DON'T CHAIN MY SOUL ' CAUSE YOU GOT TO LET ME GO !!! 
One word , AROMATHERAPY ! :-) 
The more I study , the more I find out how little I really do know . Pride is a wound I can't heal . 
In a world where no one's alone , why doesn't trust come easily ? Is instinct wiser than knowledge , impulse better than a plan , love stronger than pride ? I don't know anymore because the view from a betrayed heart is always JADED . Time will tell . 
IT'S FRIDAY !!! 
How on earth did I get stuck with the nickname \Monkey\ " ? Guess it's better than my old one when I was \ " Pickles \"" 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there . Those of you who were more than just sperm donors in our life have made us who we are today and passed on some of your essence that lives on ... Love you Dad :-) 
Sometimes it hurts clear to the core when we lose all we care for . The hunger and thirst for love that endures is never ending . What will I do with my life , try to share it with somebody new ? How can I learn to disguise that I'm lost without you ? 
My son , beware of anything beyond these . Of making many books there is no end , and much study is a weariness of the flesh . Ecclesiastes 12:11 I'm so glad the weekend is just around the corner ! 
My stomach hurts from laughing so hard !!! 
So you met someone who set you back on your heels ? GOODY GOODY !!! So you met someone and now you know how it feels . GOODY GOODY !!! So you gave her your heart too , just as I gave mine to you and she broke it in little pieces . Now how do you do ? So you lie awake just singing the blues all night .... ROFTLOL !!! 
Walking along the river by moonlight is so soothing . Can't wait until I leave for Washington . 
Register my car tomorrow and that wraps up my unfinished business before I leave here . Going out later on to celebrate ! 
The BBQ with < PROPFIRST>'s friends was AWESOME ! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ 
question their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like \ 
they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far \ 
apart they live . REPOST this if you are blessed to have at least one \ 
friend like this . You know who you are !! 
One more day and then it's goodbye Great Falls ! 
On the threshold of the unknown and this adrenaline rush is like a drug ! 
It's sex , it's drugs , and then we all fall down ~ Get hooked , on life or join the underground~It's oil , it's guns , bad guys we never see~It's war , dead sons , be all that you can be 
I traveled over land and sea , stayed at the most comfortable lodge ever , had dinner at the Red Lobster , went to my initiation ceremony , and otherwise thoroughly enjoyed myself . It's settled-I love traveling and I'm leaving for good as soon as possible ... oh , and I learned to always look like you're packing heat in a big city . 
Seriously reconsidering an alternate career path that will let me travel the world . Wanderlust is a powerful drive . 
COLLAPSING IN ON YOURSELF , I DON'T KNOW WHY , I TRY ~ COLLAPSING IN ON YOURSELF I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU DENY . That song ROCKS !!! When I get better at guitar I'm going to perform that one with < PROPFIRST > . 
My car is so filthy from all that mud ripping . I'm getting tired of having people write on the side of my car . 
EUREKA !!! I do have the gift of foresight and I'm trusting this VOICE inside from now on . My biggest regrets in my life came about because I didn't listen to it , but not anymore . 
My pet , my pet , how fun you are ~ I trust you so much I even leave the cage door ajar~You'd never harm me , but just to be safe , I admire you from afar ... THE COILING IS FAST ~ THIS TIME IT'S YOUR LAST ~ YOUR SOUL ASPHYXIATED ~ FINAL < PROPMALE > FOR ESCAPE TERMINATED 
The value of something is determined by its scarcity and utility . Therefore , make yourself scarce and/or useful . ;-) 
You're standing in the shadows , watching everything that I do and I know the way things must look . It couldn't be further from the truth .... 
Looks like I'll be wearing my retainer in about 6 months !!! Now that's something to smile about . :-D 
This is definitely the middle of nowhere !!! It's next to impossible to find sweet almond oil to use as a carrier oil for massage . UGH !!! 
\If it's a healing wind that cools the flame burning in my sight\ 
I think my roomy has been bitten by the lovebug . 
I don't ever want to live at all if I could never really live for YOU . I say to myself that's all that matters . Now I know the beauty of it all . If ever I am broken to a crawl , You will < PROPFEMALE > me to the EVERAFTER . 
God's grace , that's all I can say . Though the decision I made 4 months ago was painful and didn't make sense at the time , I can see now that all things do work for the good of those who love Him-there's a light at the end of the tunnel . 
I wish that Mrs. Buttersworth and Count Chocula could have put aside their differences and made it work . Top hats are always HOT and aprons are even better when worn by themselves . That would have been one interesting wedding !!! ;-) Frankenberry and Boo < PROPFIRST > will never forgive them for this !!! 
In memory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a HEART BREAKING . Break the silence . 
I love being in the right place at the right time . Went walking in the moonlight last night and got to witness a meteorite fall . It was so beautiful ! 
WOW !!! Got done watching Interview With An Ex-Vampire , all 9 DVDs !!! Now I have some answers to unexplained events that have happened in my life . Oddly enough , I'm not afraid of what must now come to pass . 
Put to rest all that's not life . Drink for beauty and fill my blank < PROPFEMALE > . Sometimes a dream turns into a dream .... 
Every 3 months it's some new door that opens , a new opportunity that presents itself . Can't wait to see what the next 3 month will bring ! 
Nearly asphyxiated on the TWINKIE STRAW !!! It clearly needs more work before it's marketable to the general public . ;-) 
There are those questions in my mind that may never have an answer . Not while I'm walking in this life so I'll wait for everafter . 
I think I hate snakes more than mountain lions !!! All I know is I'm getting to be great at stone throwing because of them . 
Finding Captain Dopey Mopey is no small task ! 
Entomophagy is underated ! ;-) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Monkey and Fungi Fu would have been so proud of me today :-D 
We only have this life to forgive and then forget , but the only thing that matters is we have no regrets . 
\I search through the < PROPMALE > for a < PROPFEMALE > in the rough and I stumble on a pot of gold but it's never enough . And I cover my eyes and pretend I don't see . I should be looking for You instead of looking for me . \"" 
CARRIE'S GONE !!! Now that song is stuck in my head . Kinda reminded me of what happened with me and my ex . * gags * 
Today was great . Can't go wrong with good food and family . I'm so blessed . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesn't use Twitter ... he's already stalking you ! 
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of kleenex , I fear no booger or snot rocket . 
< PROPFEMALE > and time . 
Ugh !!! Why !?! But it seemed like a good idea ... WAIT !!! Still seems like a good idea , but dare I ? 
Almost chopped my hair off but I liked the highlights so much decided to keep it . 
YIKES !!! There's someone over in Europe who could pass as my identical twin !!! And she's Dutch !!! After everything that's been going on I'm REALLY weirded out . UGH !.... bedtime . 
Still deciding on whether or not to get that first tattoo . I know what I want and where , just don't know how well I can handle the OUCH ! factor . 
I can't help you fix yourself , but at least I can say I tried . Sorry but I gotta move on with my own life . I TEAR MY HEART OPEN I SEW MYSELF SHUT AND MY WEAKNESS IS THAT I CARE TOO MUCH AND THE SCARS REMIND US THAT THE PAST IS REAL I TEAR MY HEART OPEN JUST TO FEEL 
ARGHHH !!! Just when I thought it was over and done with , it's not and now I'm REALLY PISSED OFF !!! When does it end ? 
Furniture shopping . 
I LIKE IT !!! 
Life is a lot simpler when it's organized . 
In the land of milk and < PROPFEMALE > , gotta pay the men their money-I think they call it responsibility . Gotta try to stay in motion , can't break from the commotion . I've got to follow the dream inside my heart . 
Can't sleep ... I'm too excited !!! Life is so beautiful on the other side of depression !!! 
Phone shopping is fun , yet it has its frustrations . 
Only my Mom makes the best sauerkraut ever !!! 
Homemade macaroni salad and apple tart ... mmmm so good ! 
Doing my research for that trip to Washington . 
Yay !!! First day of a 4 day weekend !!! I won't know what to do with myself . 
Studying Nostradamus . Interesting , to say the least . 
Have to go back to work tomorrow , but the extra days off were much needed and refreshing . 
I wish I was more auditory than visual when it comes to learning things , especially a language . Spanish , Greek , Latin , and French , here I come !!! 
Homemade mashed potatoes with extra butter makes a great breakfast on a cold , snowy morning . 
May feels like it's so far away . I'm anticipating the changes that will hopefully come about then , not to mention , the warmer weather . 
Finally !!! My sofa will be here later on this afternoon . I just hope they can get it through the door . 
Tenha uma boa noite amigos . 
This Thanksgiving was great . Thanks Mom and Dad for having me over ... I was thoroughly stuffed . Now I just need to survive tomorrow . 
Wow !!! I'm up later than usual . Good night everybody . 
In spite of the defenses I attempt to surround myself with , somehow sincere acts of kindness and grace always seem to get through . I guess I'm getting less cynical and disillusioned day by day . 
Good snowball weather out tonight , but I have to remind myself that no matter how annoying the neighbor's dog is , I can't throw snowballs at him when he starts barking for no reason at all . 
I love having a few extra days off . By the way , a big thank you to all who wished me well on my birthday and made it a fun time . 
Steep corneas -- check !! Corneal depth in both eyes is approx . 570 microns thick -- check ! Only one more thing needs to be checked and I'm going to get laser eye surgery !!! 
The 10-10-80 plan is AWESOME !!! Should have started it sooner ;-) 
I can hardly wait until the \holidays\ " are OVER !!! I'm going to scream if I hear one more crappy remake of Silver Bells !!! " 
Can't decide if I want to stay up all night to watch a lunar eclipse or get some much needed sleep . 
Reading Lords of Chaos for an assignment . 
Getting ready to start my body building program , the first step in my transformation . Saying goodbye to my hair is going to be the hard part because it's defined me for so long(no pun intended ) . 
\The roads are wet and I can't remember your face . I'm driving away in this taxi cab and the driver says \ " Are you sure you want to leave him ? \ " \ 
?????????? ?????? ??????????????? \ 
If you have really nice friends , put this in your status\ 
I have some , thank you for being there ? \ 
?????????? ?????? ??????????????? 
Just realized how dull my life has gotten since last year . Actually , it's kind of nice , but I can't escape the feeling that I'm not going anywhere and doing anything meaningful , for now . I'm hoping that will change within the next 4 or 5 months .... donno anymore . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , copy the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > ( from the spokeo website ) , click on Privacy ( < PROPFEMALE > footer at bottom of < PROPFEMALE > ) to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware 
Bodybuilding is ADDICTIVE !!! 
Starting to see ( and feel !!! ) the results of my bodybuilding , but I won't rest until I'm at least a size 3 or 4 !!! Never gonna let myself go again . 
DAMNIT !!! I don't even like Lady Gaga and now Poker Face is stuck in my head . Note to self : Never let a friend take over your car stereo >.< 
My legs feel like Jello when I'm going down the stairs . Guess that means my workout did the trick . 
So looking forward to learning how to play guitar so I can write better songs . As long as Slammin ' Sam(aka Evangelion ) is teaching me , I'll be in good hands . 
It sparkles !!! 
Call me a nerd , but I still LOVE < PROPMALE > and Sullivan's operettas . Thanks , Mom and Dad for exposing me to music beyond the mainstream . 
FYI Everyone , don't try to call or text my old cell number-I don't have my old cell phone and I haven't gotten my new one yet so if you need to contact me , just contact me on here until I get my new one . 
I'm really < PROPFEMALE > ting to wonder if my neighbor is a porn < PROPFEMALE > or something . 
ROFTLOL !!!! Dear Mr. Punch , I am one of your biggest fans !!! 
Experienced my first migraine over the weekend . Guess I couldn't handle the stress of a confrontation with my ex .... JUST LEAVE ME ALONE !!!! 
Time for a haircut . Bye bye tresses , Hello change !!! 
? Just when I thought I hated men and had sworn them off , I met someone who makes me feel like I'm 16 again . Nothing will probably come from it , but I can't help the way I feel .? 
? Not all who wander are lost ... I've found the missing piece of the puzzle , or it has found me ? My life is finally starting to become more fulfilling ? 
