Still awake ... writing . Can't sleep . Happy New Year to all , just the same ! 

Run , don't walk , to your nearest movie theater and buy a ticket for Inception . Sit down in your favorite seat , clear your mind , suspend your concept of reality , and let this brilliant , mind-numbing film wash over you . 
Still trying to focus but I keep seeing a spinning top ... that just keeps spinning ... 
Trying to write . Very distracted . So close to 50,000 words ... Only 28 days until my next goal . Only 43 days to finish . Crossing fingers . 
UGH ! Haven't written a single word tonight ! Staring blankly at the screen for TWO HOURS !! 
Okay , so I'm back on track ... I plan to break the 50,000 word < PROPFIRST > tonight ( a day early might I add ... ) 
Booyah ! 50,075 words ... ( TWO days ahead , btw ) And now , for sleep . 
The English language is so ridiculous . Transitive and Intransitive verbs suck and I they are currently kicking my butt ... \ 
\ 
Lay means to put something ( or someone ) down . Because lay is a transitive verb , a direct object will follow . A direct object receives the action of the verb . Lie , on the other hand means to rest , or recline . Lie is an intransitive verb , so no direct object will follow . 
My stomach is on fire . Trying to ignore it and write . So far , so good . 
Writing ... writing ... writing ... 
When shooting a mime , don't use a silencer or his friends will hear you . 
Trying to get motivated ... have to go grocery shopping , clean house , make dinner , write about 1500+ words of my novel , do laundry ... blah ... blah ... blah ... 
Drowning in my own words ... I feel a bout of writer's block kicking in . I swear if that happens there will be beatings . 
58,504 \ 
words , 320 pages , 72 days ... 1 pretty damn good novel so far , if I may say so \ 
myself . What an awesome journey . But it's not over yet ... oh no , not \ 
yet . 
Totally not prepared for work tomorrow ... My team is going to kill me . 
I want Italian food ... 
Can't get this damn \Animal\ " song by Neon Trees out of my head ! " 
There < PROPMALE > . I changed it . 
Inception is #1 at the box office for the 3rd straight week in a row . It currently stands at $ 193,348,000 in domestic box office and $ 279,048,000 total worldwide . If you have not seen this movie yet , you are dead to me . Go see it now ! 
Supposed to be cleaning . Wasting time instead . This day is pretty much blah . 
Writing is so fun . Writing is so fun . Now it's time to take a break and see what we have done . Shut up < PROPFIRST > ! Dammit . 
Holy crap , so we almost just had a novel disaster ... The network connection between our two computers disconnected and then suddenly the network version of my novel ( the master copy ) became corrupt ... I almost died . But I fixed it . So , basically this post is pointless ... Just thought I'd share . 
I can't focus . This sucks . My storyline is slowly unraveling . My characters don't make any sense . And the narrative keeps going on tangents ! I need a vacation . 
It's not that I can't focus , it's just that focus comes after 10:00 PM and I have to be to work by 7:00 AM . I realize now that the problem is my job ... and therein lies an even bigger problem . I am doomed . 
Okay , so I guess Chinese take-out , snuggling with my pup , writing , and listening to my favorite shows playing in the background - all while in bed - makes up for my epic crap-fest of a day . 
Home from work . Headache to slay a horse . Need to write . Need to focus ... Need to pee !! 
78 days ... 61,000 words ... 
This is very unsettling ... all of the cheese has escaped my meatloaf . 
LET THE WEEKEND COMMENCE ! 
I am totally considering playing with the bucket of Legos that's under the futon ... Maybe I'll build a spaceship . 
It's happening again ... 
Woke up a little over a half-hour ago , totally inspired . I just wrote about 600 words in like 30 minutes . I wish every day was like this ... Oh ! And it's raining ! 
62,834 words , 350 pages , 82 days ... over 2/3 the way there ! 
64,000 + words ... And now to bed . 
So friggin busy ! Dang it ! 
Real conversation at work :\ 
\Hey 
I think I'm going to buy a rabbit . And then punch it . That's how I feel today . 
Another real conversation at work , only just happened today :\ 
\Hey Josh ! \ " \ 
I am just plain blah ... fed up ... kaput ... meh ... poopy ... bleck ... all of the above . 
Trying to write . Distractions EVERYWHERE ... 
Ordered pizza , wings , and a Caesar salad . 45 minutes from now , I will be a happier boy . 
Getting behind on my writing ... UGH ! Feel like it's a race against time . Maybe I'd get more done if I had an ultimatum ; like , the computer has a nuclear bomb hidden inside and will go off unless I write 1000 words each day . Or , my mother is tied up by terrorist monkeys and the only way to save her is write a novel . 
Friday the 13th ! Whose going out tonight ? I need food . I need alcohol . I need friends . You know who you are ... 
I want fried chicken and beer ! 
On a scale of 1-10 , how lame would it be for me to go out tonight to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles and then grab some beers - all alone ? 
So while buying a 24 pack of beer at the store , the woman took my ID and stared at it for a moment , then called a manager ... Ask me what happened next . 
All my problems went out the window with a bucket of KFC and beer ... My dinner tonight is probably over 1500 calories . Fantastic . 
And now ... to writing . BTW , for those keeping score , I am only 33 days away from my deadline and nearly 66,000 words written , or almost 375 pages , or 3/4 the way complete . 
I am very much awake ! 
I'm up . I'm writing . And in the background , playing quietly on the tv , is one of those hysterically terrible Sci-Fi original movies with AWESOME ( horrific ) special effects and AMAZING ( abhorrent ) acting . The funniest crap ever ! 
So close to my goal ... written almost 2000 words today so far ! 
I just have to say , writing a novel is perhaps the most difficult , time-consuming , maddening thing I have ever done . And I love it . 
Watching Kill < PROPMALE > Vol 1 & 2 . Epic . 
Home today . Working on School stuff , birthday shopping for mom , grocery shopping , cleaning house , and writing . Nice relaxing day it is not , but at least I'm not at work . Oh , and btw ... Today is day 90 of the writing bonanza . I'm only 943 words from my goal . 
Broke 70,000 words last night ... time to keep that ball rolling ! 
CRAP ! Just closed Microsoft Word without saving my work ! That's 600 wasted words . Ugh ! DOUBLE CRAP ! 
I hear the sounds of doorbells and dinner parties in our near future ... And the waving of hellos to our neighbors ( < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ) down the street ... or the knock on the door when < PROPFEMALE > needs to borrow a cup of sugar to bake cookies ... Hurray for 1950's Suburban < PROPFEMALE > allusions !! 
Another real conversation at work today :\ 
Josh : \What was that guys name ? The one in Last Samurai ? < PROPMALE > Wonton-Tiffany or something ? \ " \ 
72,000 + words and counting ... 
Just had to drop another $92 on books for school ... That's brings the total to a hilariously depressing $388 for this semester . I would buy a rabbit and punch it , but now I can't afford it . 
Get motivated ! Get motivated ! Get motivated ! Get motivated ! Get motivated ! 
Decided to swallow my pride and lower my minimum daily word count from 775 to 500 . I realized that with work and school , writing a minimum of 775 a day was just too much . So , with that being said , that only pushes my deadline back to October 1st , or 136 days . However , at the rate the story is going , it may not be done until October 15 , or 150 days . Still not bad ! 
What the HELL is wrong with the stupid ASU Blackboard site ? I haven't been able to post discussions or complete assignments since school started last week ! There's been \intermittent issues\ " with the site . I'm thinking I'll need at least a dozen rabbits tonight ... " 
Free beatings ! 
We've been pre-approved for a Mortgage ! Let the house hunting begin !! 
Looked at houses today . Going to put an offer on one . We love it . Crossing our fingers ... 
I need to get drunk and pass out ... SO FRIGGIN ' STRESSED . 
The book is so close to completion ... 
I officially hate currency . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - 1910-2010 ... RIP 
Finally hit the wall today . Almost broke down at work . Didn't though ... didn't have time . Had to go to class . And then come home a flunk a mid term . And now I can't sleep . Tomorrow should be worse . Bring it on . 
Soooooooooooooooooooo tired ... 
Went back to writing . It's been almost two months ... Still my goal to finish the book this year , and it looks achievable . Besides , I have a lot of moochers depending on me to be their meal ticket ... HAHAHAHA ! You know who you are ... Better get published soon ! 
I love how my professors that are teaching my online classes are treating it the same way as an in-classroom course ... with assignments due while I'm at work , and refusing to be flexible , and requiring that students meet in person for discussions and labs ... which completely negates the concept behind an online course . 
Staying up late so that I can make something of my life with something I've created ... 66 days until the deadline ... 
You are waiting for a train ... 
Another late night ... Another < PROPFEMALE > written ... Another day gone . I want this book to end . 
Soooooo much homework ... MEH ! 
I feel like my brain is going to explode out of my butt . 
I reckon he does . He's out there now , doing the does . He does what he does , and what he knows . He knows killing . He knows death . And I reckon he's killed again . 
Stressing and trying to blaze through mounds of homework so I can take my little brother to Knotts < PROPFIRST > Farm this weekend . I'm such a good person . LOL ! 
Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any \ 
respect are equal in all respects ; because men are equally free , they \ 
claim to be absolutely equal . - Aristotle 
Something wicked this way comes ... 
Dreading the 4:30 AM wake up call ... 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand ... Boom . 
So , life just keeps getting more and more difficult . And I just keep rolling with the punches . 
Watching Tremors with the Bacon . 
On either side the river lie , long fields of barley and or rye , that clothe the wold and meet the sky , and through the field the road run by , to many towered Camelot ... 
Chemistry lab required that I make Cinnamon Rolls from scratch using yeast ... Epic Victory ! 
I'm building a time machine that only goes ahead to the following date : July 15 , 2011 . Who's going with me ? ( Oh , and if you have to ask why it only goes ahead to that date , you're not invited ) 
So much for being able to enjoy my time off . Homework : 16 < PROPFEMALE > paper in film class . 30+ < PROPFEMALE > paper in English . 83 modules in Italian . And a partridge in a friggen pear tree . \ 
Dammit . 
YAY ! Turkey Gobble Day ! Nothing says Thanksgiving like getting up early to watch the < PROPFEMALE>'s Thanksgiving Day Parade and bake cinnamon rolls from scratch . I haven't watched the parade for almost 10 years . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > ... Have some stories to tell , and some I'll keep to myself . ;-) Thanks to all for the birthday wishes ! 
Oh homework , how do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways ... 
Sick . No PTO . Murder may ensue . Stay tuned ... 
Brain just exploded . Grey matter everywhere . Made me realize I need to buy a new mop ... until I found the floor cleaner downstairs and realized that I had forgotten I , in fact , had stairs . Time for bed . 
Only 1 more day of this semester and then it's back to writing ... Only have 22 days to finish the book ... 
Guess who's done with class for this semester ! \ 
<--- This guy . 
Guess who's going to buy a Christmas Tree tonight ! \ 
<--- This guy 
Guess who's going to possibly decorate said tree while intoxicated ! \ 
I have so much to do and I don't know where to start ... It's ridiculous . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
New deadline : May 18 , 2011 . Exactly 1 day short of a year since the writing began . So ... yeah ! Writing . Woo-hoo . Go me ! 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech = The Best Film of the 2010 ... thus far . Still have many movies to see . ( And yes , it beat out Inception ) 
I hope the person who invented the concept of working for pay died a slow painful death . I guess that's why welfare was created . Damn Communists . 
76,627 words and counting ... 
Just watched The Social Network . Ironic how I'm posting it on Facebook ... Anyway , yes it seems it lived up to the hype . The best film of the year ? Maybe . Winner of Best Picture at the Academy Awards ? Most likely . \ 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech is still my number 1 though ... I need to post my top 10 list ! 
When Life gives you lemons , cut them in half and squeeze them into Life's eyes ... and then , while Life is temporarily blinded , kick Life in the shins and run away as fast as you can . I love coffee . 
Haven't slept , can't breathe , head hurts ... Feel terrible . Ugh . 
So I just used a neti pot . Found out earlier it doesn't work if your sinuses are already swollen and stuffed up so you can't breathe ... Almost drown myself . Anywho ... after taking the meds , nostrils opened up a bit , and the neti pot worked ! Weirdest thing EVER ! I should post a video ... 
Still sick ... still at home ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Hathaway is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( AKA Catwoman ) and < PROPMALE > Hardy is Bane in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s final film in the Batman Trilogy : The Dark Knight Rises . 
Okay , feeling somewhere between 40%-60% better . Going to drag myself into work tomorrow . I hear it's a nightmare right now ... work all piled up ... three weeks behind ... Oh joy . 
I love < PROPFIRST > Bourdain . 
SEVERE beatings need to occur ... 
Doing homework on the couch . Lucky sleeping next to me . Suddenly , the smell of a fart that wasn't mine wafted into the room ... Spooky . 
WELL ... I'm up with what feels ( and tastes ) like a sinus infection . I CANNOT breathe to save my life . I cannot sleep if I cannot breathe . Sudaphed doesn't work . Nothing works . Going to the doctor tomorrow . This sucks ass . 
So this is what 26 hours of no sleep and not being able to breathe except through my mouth feels like ! 
Diagnosis : Acute sinusitus due to infection . Fantastic ! Still haven't slept ... 
Still can't sleep . Decided to do homework instead to pass the time . I suppose I'll just wait until tonight to try again . 32 hours and counting ... 
It's been almost 44 hours and I still can't sleep . The codine gave me the jitters . The antibiotics are upsetting my stomach . And the sleeping pills have yet to kick in ... It's going to be another long night . 
So , yet again ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is snubbed for Best Director . What the heck Academy Members ? You nominate Inception for Best Picture and Original Screenplay and 6 others , but not < PROPMALE > . But hey , at least the < PROPMALE>'s Speech got 12 nominations ! That's awesome . Social Network got 8 nominations . Will it still win ? Hmmm ... February 20 can't come any sooner ! 
Back to work tomorrow . We'll see how long I last ... 
Well , I can breathe finally ... well , sorta . The antibiotics are clearing me out , but now I've got nasties dripping down my throat . I almost puked all over the files on my desk earlier . This is SO MUCH FUN that I can barely stand it !! 
My nose hurts . I mean , really hurts . I just want to cut it off at this point . 
So bored with people in general . Does that make me a nihilist ? Or am I just tired ? 
Planning to take a nap . Then I need to go out tonight for a drink . Any takers ? 
Just watched \Ghost\ " . < PROPFIRST > Swayze was so dreamy . The movie's such a tearjerker . " 
Sooooooooooooooo booooooooooooorrrrrred ......... 
I'm flying to Neptune ! 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech surprisingly just won the PGA for best film and the DGA for best director - totally shutting out The Social Network . The SAG awards are tonight ... Things aren't looking good for The Social Network . \ 
BTW - The Social Network and The < PROPMALE>'s Speech have been battling it out for the #1 slot on my top 10 for 2010 ... I still have a few more movies to see , and then I'll post it . 
Writing ! Broke 80,000 words a couple nights ago ... 109 days remain until the deadline . 
Taking a break from work ... working at HOME . Yeah . Trying to get this project moving and done right for a change . Ugh . 
My brain is fried . Homework is going nowhere . Everything looks like it was written in Chinese . I need to go to bed soon . 
I decided I'm going to save up and buy a really great HD video camera and film a movie this summer . 
Making clam chowder ... 
Drank 6 cups of coffee at work today . I'm still shaking . I want to build a fort . And then stock it with booze and fried chicken . 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s Place for a drink around 8:30 . Anyone wanna join me so I don't look like a complete loser ? 
I guess I'm staying in tonight . Lame . 
