HAPPY 2010 ! 

got a haircut . 
is listening to Flobots . scary images of all the 7th grade PALs doing weird hand movements come to mind . 
is now listening to Blur . 
finally saw Terminator . 
has to < PROPFEMALE > out with boring people tonight . 
has been playing < PROPFIRST > Hawk's American Wasteland like , nonstop . 
wants to got to Rhode Island School of Design . 
All those MJ jokes seem less funny when he's dead . RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
is now a year older . 
is in < PROPMALE > . 
is at the Fourth of July . 
is bored again . 
wants a shirt that just says ' 3008 ' on it . 
had a pretty cool time at writing camp today . 
made twenty dollars yesterday ! 
is on the computer ! 
is back from his third-world adventure . 
saw The Hurt Locker yesterday . 
wants to sell < PROPMALE > and t-shirts out of a tree-house for the rest of his life . 
has mixed feelings about going back to school tomorrow , so this had better be an awesome last day . 
has had a pretty solid first two days of school . 
just ran two < PROPMALE > . 
bought some skinny jeans for ten bucks at Wal-Mart . 
feels sad from deleting comments . 
got a part in the play ! 
is back from OPI ! ( and only about half a day late , too . ) 
Yay , Fall . 
is going to school tomorrow . Much better than sickness . 
had a good first day of Say Si , but is worried about how much homework he's gonna have at these hours of the night . 
says Stone Soul was great . The homework that comes afterwards is another story ... 
play practice took FOREVER . And it's all uphill from here . 
got his pink t-shirt ! 
is there anything going on after the play tonight ? 
play's over ! 
can't help but wonder why his friends are so nocturnal . 
what would a < PROPMALE > potter costume be ? 
November 1st . Just 50,000 words to go . 
almost had a spaz attack because I thought I'd lost all the progress on my novel . 
had a fun time at Muertitios Fest . 
just wrote 1127 words in half an hour . 
is Fleance . 
met < PROPMALE > Giddens and < PROPMALE > Giddens out of the blue while hiking the same trail in Big < PROPMALE > d . It really is a small world . 
how do you do mla formatting ? 
WHERE'S MY SNOW ? 
finished the comic , and it looks like a trainwreck . 
lost his agenda . What's the homework ? 
wants to throw this stupid essay on the GROUND . 
if we shadows have offended ... 
WINTER BREAK !!!! 
who needs christmas music when you have Death from Above ? 
the Grey Album is so cool . 
so what exactly is a bandicoot ? 
i think my new year's resolution will be to be a badass . MISSION ACCOMPLISHED 
needs ideas for tomorrow's prompt . Any takers ? 
really wants the title of his english essay to be Death by Sexy . 
first draft is DONE . 
needs a prompt idea . 
i ain't sayin ' she's a gold digger , but she ain't messin ' with no broke . 
needs to write down all the funny things he says in a book , then sell it like his agenda . 
what times are play practices over the weekend ? 
gift cards are so awesome . 
who knew that crashing middle school dances could be so much fun ? 
homework is DONE . 
is reading MAUS . Tomorrow's math test seems a little less important when you're reading stuff like this . 
what're the pages of the history reading ? 
Lightning Thief is the Best Movie Ever . way better than the book . 
does anyone want to practice golf after school tomorrow ? 
anyone know if the golf tournament tomorrow is still on ? 
cd's came , listening to empire state of mind . 
after flirting with death , my iPod has flickered back to life . My day has been redeemed . 
como < PROPFEMALE > jefe ! 
does anyone know good resources for current events on Kashmir ? 
' your firearms are too short to box with God . ' Dang , hip hop lyrics have some gems . 
is works cited different from bibliography ? 
DONE DONE DONE DONE ... 
spring break , here I come . 
is back ! 
have you ever had a time when you look at a picture of yourself , start a little , and realize that for a moment , you'd forgotten who you were ? 
fauxhawk ftw 
is listening to Orishas . 
has decided that < PROPFIRST > Guetta is officially THE BOSS . 
what homework did we have this weekend ? 
RIP my San < PROPFIRST > Spurs water bottle that I've had since I was 8 . Golf , you are one cold mistress . 
what was the homework for tonight ? 
anyone got resources for ninja vs samurai ? 
anyone doing ninjas and samurai < PROPMALE > projects ? 
just got back from a great first friday . 
the video for On to the Next One is so insaaane .... 
hey , guys . what's the homework ? 
what should i wear to prom ? 
got himself some Newbalance , Heelys , and a Prom Suit . Good weekend . 
what are we supposed to wear for language day ? 
fund day was awesome . jasim khan , you are a worthy opponent . 
goodbye prom , i'll be seeing you again next year . 
is never getting a formspring . 
what's the homework ? 
listening to Mexicans with Guns . 
good first friday . 
when is lord of the flies reading due ? 
if Scientologists have saints , Beck should be one . 
how much money do I bring for 6 flags ? 
anyone know what the self and community essay is supposed to be on ? 
anyone got details on the golf party ? 
hey , what homework do we have ? 
made $75 at Say Si La < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPMALE > ftw . 
anyone know a good way to study for geometry ? 
tonight's showing : where the wild things are . tune back in tomorrow for : where the procrastinator goes to die . 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > Castella yesterday . 
marshmallow gun and twenty movies from goodwill . it's going to be a good summer 
just got two pomeranians today . 
courage wolf is my hero . 
why in the world does < PROPFIRST > Mouse have a pet dog ? 
woke up and forgot it was my birthday . thank you facebook for reminding me of these things ... 
thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone . happy ... unbirthday ? 
country of the blind . 
machen lieb , nicht krieg . 
has no plans to eat anyone . 
I love < PROPFIRST > . 
WHY MUST YOU FAIL ME MY FATHERLAND 
anyone want a pet pomeranian ? 
yeah , Inception was awesome . just thought you guys should know . 
rain . hide your charizards 
done with philosophy reading , dear god that took forever . 
paint on my hands , raekwon in my ears . word up , summer . 
watching the godfather . 
liquid swords came in the mail , it's gangsta rap time . 
watched American Splendor . RIP < PROPMALE > Pekar . 
off to h-town . 
The other guys was awesome 
it would be really cool if random people chatted me right now . 
jackass 3D , october 15th . get prepared . 
if this is the price of progress , i'd rather not pay . 
school is like the tiger in life of pi , you don't realize it's coming until it eats your face . 
life of pi is DONE . 
yesterday was friday the thirteenth , and nothing even vaguely creepy happened . fml 
master chief and biggie smalls are my summertime heroes . 
last day of summah . 
grizzly bear is really starting to grow on me . 
it was all a dream , i used to read word up magazine . 
is officially 1/64th Hispanic . 
really wants to take a self portrait with a tilted-sideways crown like that one picture of biggie smalls . 
you are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge . 
good first friday wut wut 
anyone in 5th period english wanna collab on the roast/boast ? 
< PROPFIRST > darko 
roast/boast is DONE , and my , is it glorious . 
huh , rain . that was kinda sudden . 
< PROPFEMALE > arbus , you are my hero . 
needs an essay title like biggie needs pac .... suggestions ? 
hey , what was the homework ? 
midgets vs . chupacabras 
i never signed no stinkin ' social contract 
HEY JUNIORS : if you still have your thermochem tests from last year , could i borrow them ? thanks . 
anyone got white tape ? 
interpretive dance is not for me 
Que es la tarea ? 
shady's back 
yeah , so i made a tumblr . 
found my hat , suckas . 
elbamfo.tumblr.com 
freedom 
SVU marathon , suckaz 
trying to figure out how to spend a $15 itunes gift card . this is torture ..... 
i look away for five seconds , and cage the elephant and cake both come out with new albums ? this is amazing 
the more i see the less i know 
