anyone wanna chill at my place , cant really go anywhere cause of the accident ... hurt like hell 

is anyone free to < PROPFEMALE > out later ? bored outta my mind ... 
ITS SNOWING ?! WDF ?! its not even november yet ... 
sleep ? who needs sleep ? 
cant sleep ... friggin bored and wide awake ... 
Paranormal Activities ... awesome ... 
Making websites is not fun ... 
Whatever ... fuck this week ... 
fml ... 
i dunno wat to think anymore ... 
Got into a head on collision , car is totaled ... hurting like hell , < PROPMALE > McGroarty is ok , pissed .... FML 
Happy New Year 
the fibonotchi sequence will devour your lawn ... 
chillin for now , school later ... still hurting lol car accidents and surgeries arent helpin XD 
GOIN TO BACHELOR PARTY THINGY FOR A MR . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!!! CONGRATS < PROPFIRST > U LUCKY SON OF A BIT >>> 
lol tree fell on neighbor's fence ... classic ... 
you cant spell slaughter without laughter ! 
DAMN U SCUBA < PROPMALE > ! 
remember folks to support your local search and rescue squad ... AND GET LOST ! 
\what do ya call a black guy flying an airplane ??? \ " V V V V V -\" A PILOT U RACIST ! \"" 
the best way to get a glimpse at heaven is on the way to hell 
... ( creating creating creating creating ) ... 
rest in piece grandpa . 1914-2010 ... 
i woke up and hit my head on the banister and then the ceiling ... i overslept ... the obvious sign that the day is only going to get worse ... 
Must it take a life for hateful eyes To glisten once again Five hundred years like Gelignite Have blown us all to hell What savior rests while on his cross we die Forgotten freedom burns Has the Shepard led his lambs astray to the bigot and the gun Must it take a life for hateful eyes To glisten once again Cause we find ourselves in the same old mess Singin ' drunken lullabies 
When i give you the finger , its not cause i just wanna say f --- you , its just because i dont wanna waste any of my breath to actually say it to you , because lets face it , your really not worth it ... 
Banks suck ! 
well its been 2 and a half years together with < PROPFEMALE > , going to have dinner and a movie , bbl 
Summer is startin ... whos got what planned ? 
going to the beach this weekend to visit grandmother , and to relax , text the cell ~ ( 908)-403-0151 be back sunday 
Just got back from the movies , toy story 3 was great . see it if ur a fan of the movie 
that lil black cloud is following me around again ... car is outta commission ... f --- ! 
Happy 4th of July guys , anyone doing anything later on tonight ? 
my cell phone went for a swim today ... FML ... another thing broken that i need to replace . 
I dont have a car so im stuck at my place unless someone else feels like driving 
Another boring day in the Poconos STRIKES AGAIN ! 
just donated double red cell for the red cross ... tired , gunna go lay down 
a wise man once said .... 
Going to Musik Fest Inna while , call if anyone wants to join 
awesome weekend ... time for some sleep ! ( pics tomorrow ) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the reason < PROPMALE > is hiding ... 
there is no such thing as global warming , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was cold so he turned up the sun 
Great Weekend , Turned 21 , got my car back , and i start my new job tomorrow ! 
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday and to everyone who showed up at the party 
class @12 then nothing really , call the cell if ya want 
Off till 4pm , then wrkin at 5 guys burgers and fries the rest of the night 
People in the world need to chill the hell out ! Arguing over the internet is like runnin in the special olympics , even IF you do win ... You still retarded 
has headache from smacking head against ceiling in my room ... WTF and FML ... 
Its raining , car is busted , its late , no money , and Combat arms is under maintenance ,... ugh ... 
WHOO staying up late to finish a board game Proto-type !.... fun fun .... ugh im so tired ! 
there has only been one person in history to survive a roundhouse from < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ; We now call that man God 
FACEBOOKEXPERIMENT :\ 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a \ 
comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this \ 
paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember \ 
about you . 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a \ 
about you 
Bored as hell .... one of the very few halloween nights i have off , and no one is around to do nothing ... FML 
KUNG-FU MOVIES ftw 
UNITY IS A PEICE OF SHIT !!!!! i hate this program already ! 
WATCH THIS !!!... are you watching ? watch ! dont look away !... ok make sure ur paying attention , so watch !... oh wait .. i forgot wat i was going to show you ... 
so two break -ups in the same week , good , my family deserves much better ... 
is working on final project for video game class ... ... ugh the game keeps \breaking \"" 
with friends like mine , ud be the most lonely person in the world as well , going to bed 
great to kno tht even my family lies to me , especially for someone tht is worth shit in my eyes either way ... not cool >:[ 
Waiting for the new season of PRANKED on MTV to start at 10pm 
great , i get to go to class all day , and work all night and watch as my g/f goes out with another guy tonight . 
BEHONEST ! If you think I’m cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ?. If I’m your friend , put a :) . If you miss me , put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying so . If you hate me , well then why the hell are u even answering this and go rot . If your not scared , post this as your status 
3 years today that < PROPFEMALE > and myself have been together , and im loving every minute of it ! <3 
going seal clubbin with some real interesting characters ... should make for an interesting adventure ... 
need to download a version of unity 3D that actually works ... fml ... 
November\ 
29 to December 6 , change your profile pic to a cartoon character from \ 
your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The object of the\ 
game -- to not see one single human face on FB to raise awareness of the \ 
fight against child abuse . 
people need to shut up about the snow and winter , its here , get over it , the summer is coming soon , deal with it or gtfo and let everyone who likes the cold enjoy it 
Inbox me a # and I'll write something on my post ... 
one class down ... two to go ... glad the project came out better than i thought it would 
if life gives you MELONS ... u might be dislexic ... 
isnt it scary that doctor's work is called practice ?... 
If the < PROPFEMALE > reflects light from the sun and UV rays , then wouldnt vampires burn at night too ? 
just drove 3 hours from jersey , just got home , going to bed , do not disturb before 9 a.m. 
its a good laundry day when you find a list of phone < PROPFIRST > , 10 dollars , a hackey sack , and a shotgun shell in pockets of your clothes .... 
Finally got the new graphics card to work correctly !!! WOOO !!! 
nap and then work out ... 
I want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . Thats right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same 
Nazi Germany Surrendered to the United States on May 7th , 1945 . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was born on May 6th , 1945 ... coincidence ? i think not ... 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR , IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR ? DO IT FOR ALL OF US FIGHTING AND IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY WHO DIED FIGHTING IT 
my whole day was made when the jack-ass tailgating me and then passing me on the right was promptly screwed over by the unmarked police car that was following him . 
going to work , from 1pm to 5am , see you all tomorrow ... mmaybe ... lol 
Just got home from work ... Need sleep dont bug me unless ur dieing or someone special ... 11/24/07 <3 ... ZzZzZz 
off to work , 5pm to 5am , last night for the week .... 
sleep !!! 
So .... Got outta wrk at 5am ... After getting stuck twice , sliding off the road twice and helping someone get out of a ditch i arrive home now at 6:52 as the sun is lighting up the area , friggin great ... Need sleep >:( fuckin snow ... 
Tired wrecked and knees are black and blue need sleep if i can get any ..... Text and ill answer when i can 
going to sleep ... dont bug me ... 
cid : BCD2064B-088C-4C12-85DF-A000ED59EC88 
If it jams , Force it . If it breaks , well it needed replacing anyway - Murphy's Law 
riddle of the week : You heard me before , \ 
Yet you hear me again , \ 
Then I die , \ 
' Till you call me again . \ 
what am I ? 
NEW RIDDLE OF THE DAY :\ 
The one who makes it , sells it . \ 
The one who buys it , never uses it . \ 
The one that uses it never knows that he's using it . What is it ? 
Murphy's Law : \ 
Never play leap frog with a unicorn ... 
If they're are camps that help people with ADHD , then wouldnt they be considered concentration camps ? 
if life gives you melons , you might be dyslexic ... 
fuck ... 
