? My baby gave me the cutest jewelry yesterday ! ? 

When I dropped my lil bro off at day care this morning a pig was following me home , aren't they only allowed to follow you so far ? He followed me all the way to the house and slowed down rollin by til I unlocked the door .. wtf ! 
I've had my new number since Monday , the 14th and I've already had to disable texting due to harassment .. and I haven't set up my voicemail for that very reason . If you need to get a hold of me you can call my cell or send me a message on here . Thanks a bunch :) 
You'll have to call me , I'm sorry .. I still can't use my text messaging and I can't change my number again , this is the 4th one I've had this year cuz of this . If you're calling from a number that isn't on my contact list , thats hidden as well . I can send texts but if I turn the incoming texts back on I get bombarded , I might as well take it off my plan :( 
\He's already pulled over ! He can't pull over any farther ! \"" 
? Hey ! Who is good at drawing ?!? ? 
\Are your parents retarded ? Cuz you sure are special ! \"" 
HAPPY NEW YEARS ALL !! Nuh night ... ( yawn ) 
I am so sick ! My man's takin care of me tho : x 
Either I have food poisoning or the flu . Anyways , < PROPFIRST > showed up with flowers that his baby boy picked out .. how sweet ! :) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can do our part to raise awareness : ) 
Happy Birthday Grandpa Eastman ! 
I love camping ! 
The kids were here every day for so long that I can't even sleep in when they're not lol we will have em til the 4th and then off to my Mama's for fireworks xo 
I wanna move ! I don't like this state ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a challenge for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... or lack thereof . ( This could get interesting . ) 
I found another four-leaf clover ! Thats 2 today ! My luck isn't having one , its finding one .. either by walking by and it catching my eye or checking out a patch for a few seconds :) 
Every once in a while , people who post anything from Zynga completely disappears from my home .. just to let you know :( 
The bride and groom of the weekend wanna go camping for their honeymoon , anyone wanna come with us ? Hit up me up !! 
Think outside the bun ! 
Today is my lil bro's bday .. he's 11 now ... omg ... 
Happy Birthday Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! RIP xoxo 
I'm gettin my car fixed YAY ! 
I wish I could take a bath and listen to my music like old times 
We're thinking about going to a pumpkin patch on Saturday .. where's a good one between Mountlake Terrace and Lake Stevens ? 
Rude awakening ! Four hours of sleep every night is so bad for you :( 
Just got home from watching < PROPFIRST>'s football team win the peewee championship game at the Husky's stadium ! Bulldogs 26 - Ballard 22 ! Whoot whoot ! 
Man .. my whole face hurts today ! Damn these wisdom teeth ! It must be my mood that's making it so < PROPFEMALE > outside ;) 
Thanksgiving is tonight over here :) 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! I am thankful for my family :) 
I've had a headache for 24 hours now .. 
LET'S PLAY ! Send me a # between 0-700 to my inbox and I'll post what I think of you as a person on my status ! 
#143 : Yeah it has been WAY too long , since Elementary school I think ?! If I would have known your last name then I would have befriended you sooner ! I had hella fun kickin it when we were kids ! 
#19 : You've been there for me no matter what and I can tell you everything ! I love you ! 
#666 : You're awesome !! And its funny cuz thats the number I picked on someone else's lol ! 
#5 : You're someone I can always count on and you're like a big sis to me :) 
#38 : You stink ;) 
#25 : You're a great person and you crack me up !! 
2 Christmas ' down , 3 more to go .. < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!! 
#333 Thank you for takin over \Karen duty\ " lol you were one of my best friends and now you live so far away :( " 
I wish I was still sleeping :( 
Raja has a shock collar that stops only her from barking so for xmas < PROPFIRST > (<PROPFIRST>'s bro ) got Raja a bark thing that you post up and it makes a noise that we can't hear .. so not only does it stop Raja from barking but it stops their dog , the neighbors next to us and the neighbors behind us ! Sweeet ! :) 
Last night I had a bad nightmare , the first I've had where I tried to tell myself it was a nightmare and I need to wake up . Of course I didnt , so I thought it was real even after I woke up . Happy to see someone next to me but still not awake , he left the room and I didn't know what to do but cry . Tonight , I don't wanna go to sleep but I'm so tired ! :( 
Another attempt at quitting smoking .. this is day 4 :) 
Oh .. its a full < PROPFEMALE > outside ! That explains so much lol 
OMG !! There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal info : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , even credit card #'s . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . I just did , this is scary :( 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Repost if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
Finally at home , now I can get into my jammies early and lay in my nice clean bed sheets and pillow cases .. my fav !! 
Women are Angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly ... on a broomstick . We are flexible like that ! lol 
The Steelers have a rapist on their team ? That worse than dog fighting .. 
Yeah ! A celebration Bloody < PROPFIRST > ! In your face Steelers ! 
What are some good movies ? I don't like chick flicks or action but I love comedy .. 
I need a broken Xbox 360 to pull a prank on my lil bro for April fools .. anybody have one ? 
Mmmm ! My pork ribs are almost done cooking ! Hope they're good , its the first time I've made them ! There's also stuffed chops that I didn't make but I'm cooking them to go with the ribs .. can't wait ! 
Pistachios are more fattening than girl scout cookies ? WTF 
Is the glass half empty or half full ? Well , has anyone bothered to ask if it was filled up or emptied out ? lol 
