Last night was ..... well it was ..... last night was just , just great . :) 

I know things are getting tougher when you can't see the top of the bottom of the barrell . Wide open road of my future now ... it's looking fucking narrow ! 
Anybody want to go to Sherlock Holms at 9:40 ? 
You know a movie is good when they say \midget ginger\ " around a hundred times . " 
< PROPFIRST > Talent III is pretty awesome . 
California Uber Alles !!! 
SEX AND VIOLENCE ! SEX AND VIOLENCE ! Sex and violence , sex and violence .... 
Life has a sense of irony , you can be so sure of something one moment and the next second its gone . But its not always bad , sometimes there is oppertunity in missed oppertunity . In the end , nothing really matters and everything is for somebody , somewhere , ( God or who or whatever you believe in ) to laugh at us as we run around like chickens with our heads cut off . This is life ; chaos , anarchy , and punk rock . 
But boys will be boys and girls have those eyes that can cut you to ribbons sometimes and all you can do is just wait by the < PROPFEMALE > and bleed if it's what she says you oughta do 
So ...... anybody .... anybody got a joke ? 
Life is like a roller coaster , its got its ups and downs , and you don't know if its one word or two ... 
I'm not part of your elite , I'm just alright . 
I've fucked up again , it's all my fault . So turn me around and face the wall , and read me my rights and tell me I am wrong ; until it gets into my thick skull . 
Ssss .... yeah .... we are putting the new cover on all of the TPS reports now so if you could make sure to do that that would be great ..... yeah .... I'll make sure you get a copy of that memo ok ? 
The best , most beautiful , and most perfect way that we have of expressing our mind and emotion to eachother is by music . 
When I go into the shower after dying my hair ( black ) it always reminds me of the grudge because all the water turns black for a second . 
Had an exelent first Russian New Year and is looking forward to Wisconsin pwning those noobs from TCU ! 
I'm feeling a little down and out . I hate Mondays , especially those after long breaks . 
After a while the current is calling me , lulling me , waving goodbye . I’m out here alone , oh god can you save me now ? Sinking my heart turns to stone . 
You see life is like that . We change , that's all . You see , the guy I am now is not the guy I was then . If the guy I was then met the guy I am now he'd beat the shit out of me . Those are the facts . 
“Despite a full century of scientific insights attesting to the antiquity of the earth , more than half of our neighbors believe that the entire cosmos was created six thousand years ago . This is , incidentally , about a thousand years after the Sumerians invented glue . ”-Sam < PROPMALE > , Letter to a Christian Nation 
There's nothing wrong with being a loser , it just depends on how good you are at it . 
The best way to become boring is to say everything . 
Call of Duty 6 ate my friends . 
If a man does not keep pace with his companions , perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer . Let him step to the music which he hears , however measured or far away . 
Just starred in < PROPFIRST>'s final for TV Pro as < PROPFIRST > the Outlaw . I know what you are thinking , and you're right , it's fricking amasing . 
Don't worry about life , you're not going to survive it anyway . 
\You wanna know what really grinds my gears ? You America ! \"" 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car .... 
It's no good being nice and young and naive . You've got to do it all yourself , and you've got to learn quick , and you can't look for sympathy either . 
FUCK THIS WEATHER ! 
OMFG !!! NEW ALKALINE TRIO ALBUM ON FEB . 23 !!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel sorry for Obama , I believe he is trying to do good things in a broken and corrupt system . I know one thing for sure , I'm glad I'm not president . 
NOBODY expects the Spanish Inquisition ! Our chief weapon is surprise ... surprise and fear ... fear and surprise .... Our two weapons are fear and surprise ... and ruthless efficiency .... Our * three * weapons are fear , surprise , and ruthless efficiency ... and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope .... Our * four * ... no ... * Amongst * our weapons .... Amongst our weaponry ... are such elements as fear , surprise .... 
Green Day is dead . WHY < PROPFIRST > WHY !!!!???!!!! If there was a mood icon it would be awful ! 
A general noticed one of his soldiers behaving oddly . The soldier would pick up any piece of paper he found , frown and say : “That’s not it” and put it down again . This went on for some time , until the general arranged to have the soldier psychologically tested . The psychologist concluded that the soldier was deranged , and wrote out his discharge from the army . The soldier picked it up , smiled and said : “That’s it . ” 
You can't beat 1039 Smoothed Out Slappy Hours . 
Hey ! Do you want to know how to save $8.50 and about a hour fourty-five minutes of your life ? Don't go to \Dear John . \ " Even if everybody else is going . Here's the basic plot-outline of the movie ; IT SUCKS . " 
I heard it all before , so don't knock down my door . I'm a loser and a user so I don't need no accuser to try and slag me down because I know you're right . 
Why is everybody putting celebrity pictures as their profile picture ? At first only a few people were doing it and it was kind of cool but now it's just annoying seeing < PROPMALE > Cruise's smilling face everytime I log in . Fuck you < PROPMALE > Cruise . 
I'll have what she's having . 
We all die . The goal isn't to live forever , the goal is to create something that will . 
Wonder what it was that made you this way Maybe as a baby , you dropped your rattle And it still rattles you to this day You better practice your evil looks in the mirror , They don't work on me 
Now my heart is a mess , murder scene in my chest , not a clue how you got through the door . But I'm glad that you came , no regret and no shame , as I'm lying here dead on the floor . 
I used to think that I am indecisive , but now I am not sure .... 
You have every right to be this appalled with me , join the club . I signed up a long time ago and I know how you feel and when you decked me , you left me knocked out on the floor . I came to bloodied up , but you weren't around . I picked my teeth off the ground like they'd been there before 
I wanna turn the bathtub on and watch this house drown from the lawn . I wanna turn this energy on . 
I can't think of a better way to spend a saturday than shirtless with a bunch of South Americans . 
I'm going to a Gopher hockey game tomorrow , so that's pretty sweet , I guess , for a Sunday , in March , in Minnesota , on a boat , with a monkey , and a giant rock , plus a bag of chips , with a pepsi , but coke is better , so maybe a coke , with no ice , in a glass , shaped like a watermelon , with peanut butter cheese cake , on a dish , with some elfs , and a hat , which is pretty cool , I guess . 
Talk is cheap unless you are a congressman ; and even if you are , it is still worth about as much as the dollar in the world market . 
Ich bin immer < PROPFEMALE > am besten , wenns mir eigentlich egal ist Ich bin immer < PROPFEMALE > am besten , wenn mir keiner ins Regal pisst Ich bin immer < PROPFEMALE > am besten - am zweit- , dritt oder zehntbesten < PROPMALE > mir aus auch mal nicht am besten 
Jeez it feels good to be back in school .... NOT 
I got a feeling , that if I hear this song one more time , that if I hear this song one more time , I'm going to go on a shooting rampage . 
... IN THE WORLD ! 
Cause ' I'm a picker , I'm a grinner , I'm a lover , and I'm a sinner ; playin ' my music in the sun . I'm a joker , I'm a smoker , I'm a mid-night toker ; I sure don't want to hurt no one . 
If there's one thing that makes me sick , it's when someone tries to hide behind politics . I wish that time could go by fast , somehow they manage to make it last . 
What is thy bidding my master ? It's a disaster Skywalker we're after . What if he could be turned to the dark side ... Yes , he’d be a powerful ally , another dark jedi . He will join us or die . We got deathstar ! ( DeathStar ) We got deathstar ! ( DeathStar ) We got deathstar ! ( DeathStar ) We got deathstar ! ( DeathStar ) We got deathstar ! ( Deathstar ) We got deathstar ! ( Deathstar ) And you know that we got it ! ( Deathstar ... ) 
What do chairs think all day ? Oh no , here comes another ass . 
In the words of Nefertiti , not tonight it's my pyramid . 
< PROPFIRST > Cash is just , well , he's just great . 
Last night was very .... interesting . 
Mama , ooooh , didn't mean to make you cry ; if I'm not back again this time tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > on , < PROPFEMALE > on as if nothing really matters 
I was alone , I was all by myself . No one was looking ........ 
So sleeeeeeeeeeppy , I need a taco or sooooomething . 
Hey there lookin ' at me , tell me what do you see ? But you quickly turn your head away . Tryin to find the words I could use , I don't have the courage to come up to you . My < PROPMALE > is looking a bit grey . 
I don't mind you coming here and wasting all my time . ' Cause when you're standing oh so near I kinda loose my mind . 
A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having . 
I am medicine and I am poison . I can help you up or make you fall . You had some of the best times you'll never remember with me-Alcohol 
Nice shoes , wanna fuck ? 
< PROPMALE > dance music isn't that bad .... 
Country roads , take me home to the place I belong . West < PROPFEMALE > , mountian mama , take me home , country roads . 
Undercooked pancakes with lots of batter .... yum . 
Who the hell leaves a half gallon of milk , half full , in the back of a golf cart ? \Hey wanna go golf ? \ " \ " Ok I'll grab the milk . \"" 
I am now officially in Stockwerk Deutsch . Bitch . 
I am now semi-officially in Stockwerk Deutsch . 
I am now officially semi-officially in Stockwerk Deutsch . 
I am now officially going to stop posting statuses that use \officially\ " because it is officially not funny . " 
Kisses blown are wasted . Kisses are ment to be tasted . Kisses spread germs and germs are hated . So kiss me baby I'm vaccinated . 
I'm finding out one's parents , no matter how weird , defidently influence one's character more and more as they mature ... good thing I still act like a 12-year-old . 
394 < PROPMALE > away sounds really good right now . 
< PROPFIRST > , what are you doing ? You just ate a years supply of food ! \ 
Huh , what a waste of money , I'm still hungry .... Everybody leave , I have to poop ... NOW ! 
Just to fit in my new status is going to be , \Omg Valley Fair WOOOOOAAA ! \"" 
She's all that I have left , and Music is her name . 
I live in a giant bucket ! 
I'm on the persuit of happieness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold . I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be good . 
Fire all of your guns at once and explode into space . 
HELLO ? 
Two good-looking girls have the same birthday as me . Coincidence ? I think not . :) 
Almost 18 and still a virgin ... FAIL 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday comments , when I read them I felt my self esteem EXPLODE ! And for Emmy : 18 and still a virgin ... YES ! That is an accomplishment considering the school I went to ... no offense :) 
Are you locked up in a world thats been planned out for you ? Are you feeling like a social tool without a use ? Scream at me until my ears bleed , I'm taking heed just for you . 
It makes great television watching the world end . 
< PROPMALE > Norris+Double grenade suicide jump = Awesome+Elevendy billion Vietkong casualities . 
I lit a fire that wouldn't go out until it consumed the walls and roof of this house . \ 
Until all I remember was burning away , and all I remember , you're burnin ' away . 
Does anyone feel like jamming to wolfmother ? 
I fart in your general direction ! Your mother was a hampster and you father smelt of elderberrys ! 
Good evening my peers ! Since there is nothing to keep you here , let me tell you a story well worth your ear . It's about a young man , Gloomy Gabe is his name , and his battle with his conscience and constant pain . Unfortunatly , the following is somewhat upsetting ( and Meloncholy < PROPFIRST > doesn't help much I'm betting ) . So ladies and gentlemen , my superiors all , may I present a tale that will make you ball ... 
I'm feeling like a soggy dream , so close to drowning but I don't mind . 
is about to punch < PROPMALE > in the face ! YES ! 
If I could dig down deep in my heart feelings would flood on the < PROPFEMALE > . Would it satisfy ya , would it slide on by ya , would ya think the boy's insane ? He's insane . 
Let's get drunk and go out driving ! Let's see just how quickly we can go . Let's get ploughed and plough down some old lady ! Let's just drink and bump the stereo ! 
What's my recipe ? Half a cup satanical , teaspoon puritanical , stir with a bloody hand . Quarter cup messiahcal , sprinkle of maniacal , now I'm a mechanical man . 
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM ! 
I'll love you forever if I ever love at all with wild hearts , blue jeans and white t-shirts . 
So take the photographs and still frames in your mind , < PROPFEMALE > ' em on a shelf in good health and good time . Tattoos and memories and dead skin on trial . For what it's worth , it was worth all the while . It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right , I hope you had the time of your life . 
Loves reading Vox Pops written by EXTREEM conservatives . 
When I catch your wandering eyes I can't help but fall deeper into them . I'de kill for just one kiss goodbye , I'm just waiting for you to say when . 
Ah , my first dump in college land . Haha SOAR is going well , I've made A LOT of new friends and I think UW was a great choice . 
No more math classes , EVER ! 
I'm pissed at the world and there isn't a goddamn thing I can do about it . 
I am one of those melodramatic fools , neurotic to the bone no doubt about it . 
We'll all float on . 
BA ! 
Activisoin golfed at my work today , so for all my dorky friends I got the inside scoop about COD 7 . Jealous ? And yes < PROPFIRST > , there is zombies . 
Screw zombies . 
I hope you don't mind that I put down in words how wonderful life is now that you're in the world . 
Heeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrre's JOHNY ! 
I just want to say thanks to all of my wonderful friends for always being there for me , you are invalueable to me , and I'm going to miss you guys a lot in < PROPFEMALE > . Cue Good Riddance ( Time of your Life ) . \ 
Sorry Brennan , I had to haha . 
Welcome to Paradice . 
I don't want to set the world on fire . I just want to start a flame in your heart . 
Sometimes I feel so confused , sometimes I feel like I'm born to loose . I just want to see who I'm supposed to be . 
But mom ! I don't wanna go to school tomorrow ! I just want to stay home and make cookies with you ! 
FOOTBALL !!!!! 
Tuesday is comeing , did you bring your coat ? 
Awkward bathroom moments are always fun . 
Brazilian dancing martial arts are INSANE ! 
Only the good die young . 
< PROPMALE > jeans are awesome . 
Oi ! I'm < PROPMALE > Crow ! No one messes up < PROPMALE > Crow's screen shot ! 
A new low and a new high . I wore a flat brimmed hat backwards and I spent time with a special girl . :) 
The Gaslight Anthem concert was AMAZING ! I was front and center , basically three feet from the frontman the whole time and I was one of two people to high five him . I'm never washing my right hand again . 
TGIFT 
Phase one is collect underpants ! Phase two is ?. Phase three is profit ! 
I have discovered that the thing I miss the most about Brainerd is my dumbass friends . I love you guys . 
Squid is nasty . 
You know it was a good show when your ears are still ringing an hour and a half afterwards . 
Tomorrow night I'll be in my own bed . I might die of comfyness . 
Last day at home :S 
LOUD NOISES !!! 
What I've learned so far at college : I am a white man from the USA and therefore I am evil because I directly caused slavery , poverty and underdevelopment in Africa and at the same time belittled womens roll in society because I think I'm better than everybody else and I am selfish and I don't care how I get what I want as long as I get it and the map that I used in 8th grade geography is proof of this . 
Please call me only if you want me to come home . 
is staring down the barrel of another long week . Yay . 
Hola ! I'm Hennifer Lopez ! I love to eat taco y burrito ! 
Yeah ! We're young and we're hip and with our positive attitudes , senior 20whatever t-shirts , aerocrombie and fitch clothes , and terrible rap and hiphop music we are going to change the world and make it a better place !... Bullshit 
Hey ! My skype name is samuel . nelson6 so if you have skype , add me ! 
I've done it . I have watched every episode of south park available for instant play on netflix . 
What happens when you mix day and night time cold mecidine ? I'll tell you in a hour . 
And I just can't see through the evidence , it's evident , its in right in front of me in black and white and red . 
Wrestling is really exausting . 
Does anyone have any ideas of what I should < PROPMALE > in or a career I should pursue ? 
That's it , I've had it , I'm moving to Europe . 
I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . \ 
Happy 5th of November ! 
Look at the teeth on that one ! Wuoooooooohuuuuhuuuhhuuh ! 
Hay , ich will nach < PROPFEMALE > fahren . 
I am a man who enjoys long walks on the beach , I am a person who likes to croshay exciting underpants , and I am currently investing in a prestegious fine paper glassware company owned by Zwahili . I am < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and I am a Mormon . 
To anyone I have offended over the years , I would just like to say I'm sorry . Sorry . Sawrry . I'm sorry . Saawrrrry . 
< PROPMALE > Campbell .... less than three weeks .... mancave time . 
I wish I was as smart as you think you are . 
It's a great night for Episode III . 
It sucks to have the thing you want above all dangled in your face all the fricken time . 
I just wanna live while I'm alive . 
I got the answer ' cause all the good times , they give you cancer . 
Finals in less than to weeks ... I ain't scerrd . 
Who has two thumbs and didn't even look for that rediculously long book we had to read for tomorrow ... THIS GUY ! \ 
\ 
( Mother and Father , this is a joke ) 
I hear you haven't been using your paper for doing your homework , but for ROLLIN DOOBIES ! 
Sitting in my room pondering the great mysterys of the universe , I discovered that I will never be as happy as a well treated house cat . 
My < PROPMALE > PILE ?! 
When I'm zone , I'm feeling alright , feeling alright , I forget about it all . 
Time goes fast . 
Has discovered , what it's like with too much peanut butter . 
First night in Sellery 524B and my main objective is to study and eat a box of frosted flakes with a half gallon of milk . 
I must be strong and < PROPFEMALE > on , ' cause I know I don't belong here in heaven . 
Christmas decorations are gone ... YES ! 
There once was a man from Nantucket . He lived in a giant bucket . A man from a plane asked him to try some cocain so he politely replied , \No thank you . \"" 
If I lay here , if I just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
Phase 2 of routine complete . Now , off to bed . Goodnight . 
TONIGHT WE DINE IN HECK ! 
Does anyone have any idea of how I can market something I created to , say , Nabisco ? 
A city normally red and white is for tonight only green and gold . Go Packers . 
TREBEK ! 
I finally made it to over 500 friends ! In the words of our beloved AP Lit teacher , \I can feel the love . \"" 
What have I become , my sweetest friend ? Everyone I know goes away in the end . And you could have it all , my empire of dirt . I will let you down . I will make you hurt . 
Goddamn good for nothing republicans trying to cut funding for MY school ! How would you like it if I cut funding for country music , cowboy hats and the KKK ? 
\There is reason behind our madness . \"- David \ " DK\ " Kornhauser " 
This is the world we live in . These are the hands we're given . Use them and let's start trying to make this a place worth living in . 
I created the sound of madness , wrote the book on pain , some how I'm still here to explain that the darkest hour never comes in the night . You can sleep with a gun , when are you gonna wake up and fight ? 
All I know is that I don't know nothing . 
Mmmmm .... cereal .... 
Feels good to be back . 
Sugar and spice and everything nice isn't meant for only girls . 
What a wild weekend . 
