Getting a haircut every weekend blows cock 

Ah Good dude i havnt been working out as much as i should be .. and im trying my ass off to get back into it .. its hard with no workout < PROPMALE > .. But im good got really fucked up this weekend so it was nice ... i run more then anything now . im prolly gonna st 
LOL misstype . 
< PROPFIRST > , Best friend . R.I.P. Bro . 
Well well < PROPMALE > youd be happy .. Google is making a OS < PROPMALE > :) 
14+ Hour shift , fuck yeah O.O '' 
20 hours as of nao . HELL YEAH . 
Come along and go .. along with me .. 
just got off work . fml 
Just got off work and i hate life . 
Went to the gym today . :) 
bored as fuck :( 
IS SO DAMN HUNGRYYYYYYYYY 
Just made his phone a Mobile internet source . is this win ? Yes . big fucking win . 
up for .. 30 hours as of now ..? woo ! 
Ordered some Beef Jerky off line .. at Beefjerky.com! 
hates my job with a passion . i cant work 3 days of 12 hour shifts , then go back to 2 days of 8 hour . all fucked up working opposite hours 
Hooyah .. for the marines . >_< 
is making his phone fucking aesome . :O 
:/ ! 
ORAL SEX , EVERYBODY WINS ! 
just downloaded .... Muse - The Resistance ! 
Doesn't know how to feel after hearing that .. kinda wish it wouldn't have happened .. but i guess everything happens for a reason , well get though ir bro . i got your back even though ur like 1500 < PROPMALE > away . 
HAHAHAH got what was commin to you . 
is going to upgrade his computer to a Corei5 6gb of ram and a p55 mobo very soon ! :D 
HAHAGAH !! 
its 6 23 in the morning im awake , bored and yeah .. did i say bored ? 
;;;;;;;;;;;///////////// .. I hate people so much . 
BAH ! 
! Very happy , got his system up and running ! Intel Corei7 920 2.6 Ghz Nehelm , Asus p6t V2 Deluxe , 6GB mushkin DDR3 Ram :D !! YAY ! 
Only works 4 Hours today , :) ! 
LOL IM GETTING A FREE VERSION OF WINDOWS 7 ?! wtff !! this is fucked up yo ! 
;/ really sick shit about now .. ready to go home :/ 
really bored .. text me ? i got a 12 hour work shift tonight thats gonna be long and boring ! 810 623 3702 
is waiting on his windows 7 party package .. 
just opened his free copy of windows 7 32 and 64 bit , and is very excited :) it came with windows 7 playing cards table mat . napkins and a windows 7 puzzle .... lol mirosoft u still amaze me .. 
Mom's always right .. 
:/ 
HATES WINDOWS XP RIGHT NOW DUE TO THE FACT OF MICROSOFT BEING VERY GAY WITH ME . and caps . 
fresh fresh eggs i love you i love you like the sky above ! eggs are the best ! 
Taco belll Wants <_---------------------- . 
is now running on Windws 7 Ultimate :) 
: > Found a huge and amazing bug in windows 7 and is very happy with it . 
: x is sleep deprived !! 
Celluar phone soundin a death tone ! 
New slayer = win . 
Hated the < PROPFEMALE > corps birthday ... Esp . Being their youngest \Marine \"" 
Thanks everyone for the happy B-days :) means alot . 
im so hardcore i play CSS in Cammies . 
Cant sleep , and is mad because he has to be up by 6 30 :/ !! 
My town , my home .. lets get it onn ~ ®_® 
ITS SNOWING . FML 
Working out then doing MCMAP isnt the best mix of things to do .. 
Ram 3 < PROPMALE > today , :/ gotta run more . Alot more ... :////// 
Comes home Next Sunday the 20th ! 
:: c = spider sucking ur blood and selling to the blood bank of sex with orfan boys and tite asses to make poopey blood with pure blood This is why we love < PROPMALE > Stokes . :/ . 
my laptop just took a mega shit on me , im so pissed off . 
fuck the snow .. 
my flight is canceled atm .. really mad . 
fml flights still canceled .... wanna go home :/ 
1 Day ... left .. and im home .. FINALLY . 
Im home ..... :) and in bed with the old lady >_<'' 
Misses home .. and wants to go back . 
2 Years ... 11 months left . fml . 
Is about to buy a goddamn Netbook .. >_<' 
Rifle ranged is < PROPMALE > .. fml 
Rifle range . Blows . 
< PROPMALE > Jacknie needs to wow it now . 
Throwback Mountain Dew . Made with REAL sugar .. old skool chyeaa -.-' 
Seven 
Off the rifle range TODAY fuck yeah 
WAT D00D 
I FUCKING HATE THE GODDAMN PEOPLE AT MY JOB . HOLY SHIT GET YOUR SHIT STRIGHTED OUT AND DO YOUR OWN FUCKING JOB STOP RELYING ON ME YOU FUCKING POS 
Getting ready to go into work . Fuck you . 
At work fuck you more . 
I love this record , but i cant see stright anymore . >_<~ ! 
I love my little hamster <3 ( Hamster : < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Going roller blading .. fuck yes i havnt done this in years . 
Hates the marinecorps 
12 hour shifts .... Hello sleep ! 
Swim Qual ... 4 Check . I'm still alive ! Yessss ! 
POW ! 1 to the head , now you know hes dead ! 
Working for 12 hours .... 
Got ignored tonight .. :/ 
At work at 5:06 am sucks .. :( 
Just made the switch from Firefox , to Google Chrome .. and I must say ... Google Chrome has passed Firefox in < PROPFEMALE > many ways .. 
Cuz .... I was born to destroy you ...... And I'm growing by the hour .. 
Fuck you . 
Deadbeat . 
Gym , Here i come . 
its gonna be one of those weekends .......... 
OFF TO Okinawa , Japan i go .. :( 
best day at the gym everrrrr 
Do you think that Nate Baker can run a mile without stopping ? NO , OK WHO THE FUCK ANSWERED THIS FUCKIN SHIT FAGGOTs ? 
>_>'' is bored today . 
.. sigh fml . 
Best Nap ... Ever 
Work .. is hell this week .. im going to die . 
Ahh Web orders , 3rd Maint . BN 3rd MLG Okinawa japan . :o 
Bored as fuck . 
Work makes you free .... 
its one of those kinda days .. goddamn 
I play CSS in my cammies cuz im cool . :/ 
Wow wings .. already 2-0 .. Way to suck . 
Get The shitty rookie out of the net .. 
Roomate = fml . i hate it 
I thought about doing it .. But nahh , you most likely too busy to deal with it . 
Finally got my medical appointment , I only had to walk in there and demand one . :/ .... 
3-1 Wings , keep it goin !! 
Checking out ... Rocks . :D !! Woo about time 
Jackpot ... on Waffles ! Woot ! 
Fucking gross . My roomate has the worst smelling feet ever . I want to choke him with Talcum powder and bleach . But i cant because hes like .. im gay and cant afford it cuz im a pfc , fucking dipshit 
so the Snake head fish .. its pure brutool . i want one . 
Also , what movies should i get ? 
Nothing is like it use to be .. and its kind of sad to see it .. like almost sickening ... 
ur broke .. no money but you can buy shit ? What the fuck . 
pokemon rom ftw 
Up at 4:00 AM for missing bullets .. im tired .. mad .... annoyed . fml . 
Sigh .. 
To everyone who read what i had said about Cassnadra .. about her being with someone else was . False , and i had said it out of anger and i would like everyone to know that . Just to get the point across . Thats all i have to say about that . 
Gym , Chest . Motivated . 
B . b . b . b . bored ! 
Gym tomorrow .. 9AM . Whoop Whoop . ~_~ 
Mmmmmm .... Sushi !! 
BLARG .. :/ Yeah . Bleh . 
I've found out what i want to go to college for .. >_>'' schooling looks very promising !! 
Gym , Do work . 
I DRINK WATER BECAUSE IT HYDRATES ME 
PACKING .. FOR JAPAN CUZ I HAVE TO 
This is the point from witch ill die or succeed 
Really bored .. Nothing to do at all . 
Draining the computer in about an hour ... going to hate doing this . 
lets promise to never go back on our promise , but ill have to be honest ill be breaking that promise . 
Had a good day today .. 
I'm gonna pick the world up , and DROP IT ON YOUR FUCKIN HEAD ! 
hello japan .... ;/ 
this time diference blowwwwwwws so much lol its 12 noon here lol .. 
First Japan paycheck , well well im quite happy ... lol 
I got ice in my veins , Blood in my eyes , hate in my heart . You keep the sunshine . save me the rain .... 
wow .. let me see OMC .... my unit . we got jap nationals . they do all the work . i have a retard SSGT whos stupid . this unit is worse then good ol Quantico .. and thats really saying something . 
It is 728 days , 3 hours , 32 minutes and 41 seconds until Friday , June 15 , 2012 \ 
\ 
GO !! GO !! GOOOOOOOOOO 
Some things ... just dont change do they ? or will they ever .. i highly doubt it . 
dont get bitter 
ive been treated like dirt before you , love is evil . Spell it backwards , ill show you . amazing lyrics from Eminem's new cd 
bored , in japan . fml 
is looking into the stock market ... hehe :) :) 
I'm the thumb tac you slept on son . 
Admit you've got a problem , shut up and do something about it . 
Be more concerned with you character than your reputation , because your character is what you really are , while your reputation is merely what others think you are ... 
Theres a 6 disk cd change in every car , and im in every slot .. and your not . 
cuz some thing just dont change , it better when they stay the same it shouldn't be difficult to explain but it is fuck em all tell em all eat shit , here we go again ! 
So .. i was gonna get a phone , but nah , Youre all 12 hours ahead of me . so nvm :P 
No body knows me , im cold i walk down this path on my own , its nobodys fault but my own . 
LET the schooling commence ! I'm now getting tons of E-Books for my educational purpose :) A+ certs , Microsoft server cert e-books , linux e-books 
Oh Amazon Kindle , youll be my hero here in Japan ! 
You can never break my stride , you cant break my pride . 
Good morning Japan , I shall do nothing at work today ! 
I hate you . I really do . 
$34.01 per CCNP study guide book .... about 10-34$ per kindle book , kinda worth it seeing the paycheck in 2 years :) 
First CCNP book downloaded to Kindle-PC , Quite exicted . about 9,000 Pages of useful reading .. 
If i get brunt , im gonna show ya whats its like to hurt ! 
No one can beat me now ! you try it is gonna be them doors , i do it for me only . 
Its quicker to count the things that are wrong with you , Than to count the things that are right ! haha ! 
Just bought another kindle book . im going to be so busy ! but its a great feeling . i have goals and a life plan , im ready ! 
I aint on no conquest for no mate , what the fuck does it take ? The door shuts in your face i wont be making a mistake ! 
I'm too good with money and with life situational bullshit fuck . i amaze myself . 
You're a good catch , With a shitty spouse 
I'm awesome and your just Aw-stuck ! 
I cant tell you what it really is , only what it really feels like . I love the way you lie . I love the way you hurt . It makes me feel great about it all . 
Works boring , theres nothing to do . time to skate ? yeah . 
on lunch , work sucks today ... Going by awkwardly slow :( 
Back to the grind . only a bit more left till im free i can see the light . 
Standfast Facebook . \ 
Lcpl Baker < PROPMALE > R\ 
OM Co . Hansen\ 
Unit 38428\ 
FPO , A.P. 96604-8428 
Notes , Notes , Notes ... and more notes . Its nice .. im learning for once in 2 years . thank god . 
You ran me in to the dirt , i dont need you no more , what goes around ... comes around 
swimming whoooped my ass today .. i gotta do it more lol 
off to work , to do .. NOTHING 
Work , i did nothing . ;/ 
I'm the American dream . 
Man it feels like these walls are closing it .. this roof ... its caving in ! WHOOP TIME TO RAISE IT AGAIN ! 
I LARP Marines . feels good man . 
And people do not change they only alter themselves to fit your needs don't expect anything from anyone but your family , as they will always be there for you . Never settle for less than what you yourself is worth . 
LCpl Baker < PROPMALE > ROMC Hansen Unit 38428 FPO AP 96604-8428\ 
I has an address 
Field day sucks ;/ 
Needs to get back into the gym .. shits lookin good : x 
Last day of the week .. then i got the beach this weekend .. fuck yes 
I'm also the opposite of what you are and what you like . 
The Bullfrog fucks you up so bad , then add the mojo bowl god .. im ripped . 
It doesn't make you a bad person either .. but since i am human .. i am good and bad as well . i try my hardest to stay good ... But some of the things i say my be good or bad .. but i also don't respect you .. 
OKINAWA beach . = bomb best time of my life . 
You can't do it yourself , your too weak . You can hate me or you can hate yourself . im not afraid . 
Im so burnt fml . 
So you can keep knocking .. it wont knock me down . 
study study ... keep it rollin 
I might be there .. I might not be , its going to depend on you and how you are . Otherwise i cant tell you anything , ive played my round .. its on you .. 
Bored , got all my things i need to get done already .... now its the rest of the day to relax i guess .. 
Dont fight the feeling of somethin so organic . 
I love the way you lie . 
Hes going to need plastic surgery when im done with him . realize what you did . 
im afraid if i close my eyes i might see her . shit . 
oh how gay amazon ... now the kindle is 189$ .... i paid 250 for mine .. DAMN IT 
pt at 5 30 .. gonna go runnninnnng ! :( 
You may be gone but your never over . .... I want a goddamn deployment . please god send me somewhere soon 
:( you suck japan pt . Go away . 
one thing i love .. is mom is always right , being a mommas boy has some of the best perks of everything .. 
Humidity , sweat , pain .. shit sucks but someone has to do it .. lol 
Me : Fuck\ 
Valon : Dude your getting trolled\ 
Me : Aww shit son .. 
At work , bored .. learning how to drive a hmvv :/ 
You can't have the best of both worlds . So you have to pick one . :) 
Hopefully times flys by so i can get home .. and get on with my life . Work is just wasting my time it blowssss 
wensday is gonna suck .. lol work still sucks .. even though i got to work on some 240's today :D 
its time .. for the gym . :) 
The gym was so epic .. god i feel alive . 
people need to grow up .. there are more things to life then most think there is .. one day when they look back theyll see it and be like fuck .. 
pt was brutally fun .. lol if thats even possible .. 
One day little one .. your mind will grow up .. one day . :) 
work is so slow and sucks today 
Finally seeing .. you wont grow up .. 
work sucked so much today goddamn , and tomorrow its gonna be worse .. :( 
Keeping my word , and my pride .. and my honesty .. its something im best at , unlike you . 
Pro skate today at work .. lawl 
Hey OMC get more gay please . god . 
OMC GET MORE GAY OMG 
;/ CFT at 530 tomorrow .. 
4 hours of sleep .. fuck this place . 
CFT whooopppeedd my ass ! 
Work isnt fun , i wanna go back to the United States .. 
Why is it that .. every step i take forward , you take like 2 or 3 back ?? 
PT PT EVERYDAY ...... fuck no i hate you PT ... Goddamn it . Too Early !! 
pt was a joke hah ! this is funny .. what a waste of time ! 
Phone this weekend , excited as hell about it ! i can text people fo FREE woot ! 
Another depressing day at work .. lol >_<' 
hopefully i can study tonight .. 
The Weekend , thank god .. i need a break from the hell hole i call work .. lol 
I never thought id eat salad with chop sticks . 
gah .. i dunno >_<' tired as fuck . Bored .. Fml . 
I'm passing them out now , and you cant have them . 
New Running shoes , inbound . :) Yay :) 
I have a strong urge for pancakes .. at 11 PM ;/ .. 
Ho < PROPFEMALE > voglia , < PROPFEMALE > voglia di .. parlare con te .. < PROPFEMALE > tu Arnt lì quando ho bisogno di te .. 
My job is a joke .. When can i start doing a real job ? OH wait April of 2012 . lol : E 
Enjoy ur fireworks < PROPFEMALE > , ill stay in japan ;/ 
Its a wonderful place , for you .... Not for me .. 
Being here .. makes me mad , when do i get my freedom ? 
Did you forget to take your pill ? Because your idea and requests . They arnt what you can meet .. yous crazy bitch ! 
Such a shitty day .. Fuck japan . 
Holy shit , japan you are so boring . 
This Armani shirt is rather comfy if i do say so myself ! 
I think about more then i forget .. 
You can spend minutes , hours , days , weeks , or even months over-analyzing a situation ; Trying to put the pieces together , Justifying what would've , would've happened ... Or you can leave the pieces on the floor . 
Gym , Yes please . Thank you . 
Dream as if you'll live forever ... 
Has some of the best damn friends in this world . 
Battle-Skate tour today , lots of pictures , lots of skating . 
I'm Cursed so never mind . 
Most of all , I'm sorry for not being sorry anymore . 
Friday , 675 days .. So long , but so short .. Please come faster , Work today . Gonna suck . Gear inspections .. ect . Fml . 
If I fall down , I better hit the ground running . I did . 
My Helmet , is gonna cost me $692.99 ... 
The gym is the only peace i have on this island ... 
You know , You should speak the truth , even if your voice shakes . 
Bitch , I do this for the sport only . 
Each day feels longer and longer out here .. damn when is it gonna end ? 
You won't even listen , so fuck it . 
Wants his ZX-6R !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now ! Damn it . 
Swimming whooped my ass , days been good so far though :) 
Happiness came today , She called herself the ... Amazon Kindle . :) 
\It's never too late to become what you might have been \"" 
30 mins of sleep . 2 hours of hardcore pt . 8 hour work day . looks good today . 
I need a good book to read , any suggestions ?! 
Barrack duty today , Gonna suck !! cant even use the laptop here :( 
7 Shots of Novocaine .. for 1 cavity ... they are a bit extreme here ... my mouth has been numb since 9 am .. fml 
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves .... 
Today .... I did something i never thought i would . I ate Raw Horse ..... To my surprise its rather good ... 
< PROPMALE > Valentino , officially beats Armani . Thats my new suit company !! 
11 pm at night , sitting in an armory . Gotta love the marines .. lol 
\It is < PROPFIRST > JackniDual-fanned Geisha and you are not prepared\ " -Valon Jakupi . This just made my night . " 
Tattoo Number 3 In planning/drawing woot ! 
Moar drawing today !!! shits gonna be eepiiccccc also a very big tattoo ! i still cant decide were to put it ! 
Okinawa may suck , but im having a semi-good time .. 
If i had a bullet for everytime you lied to me ... There would be no one left alive . 
New Kicks in ... Vibram 5 Fingers Bikila .. :) Excited ! running time ! 
5 41 AM in Japland , long day of work ahead of me . or should i say ... nothing ? lol Yep . Hopefully it goes by fast i wanna crawl my lazy ass into bed and sleeeeeeeeep 
Boring day at work .. boring week .. boring field op next week . darn ! lol 
Off work at noon , thank god . Field op hitting off this weekend , its ganna suckk 
Herp Derp , Field op starts on Sunday .. >_<' I dont wanna go rolling in a stationary Humvee !! oh nooo ! 
All so clear to me , no regrets nothin but a clean slate ... Nothin but freedom ! So far . but so close to me . 
A family of trees wanting , to be haunted ! 
Gonna go play < PROPFEMALE > , Be back in a week . :/ lol 
Just got done playing < PROPFEMALE > all week . Woo !! It wasnt too bad lol besides the typhoon type winds !! lol 
Oh some people are so funny . 
A job is just a job .. 
We thought we left home , but we never departed . 
so far today work has been hell , id rather get ran over by a car then return to the shop . :( 
So ive found my reason why im in the marines , i think its valid .. im happy with my answer .. i rightfully deserved it .. lol 
What stops so many of us from making a commitment is our fear that once we make a choice we have to close the door on all the other options . Choosing doesn’t limit choices—it just changes them . Think about that one ! 
OHH GOD , JUNGLE WARFARE TRAINING .. I MIGHT HAVE TO DO IT TO KILL CHICKENS AND GOATS AND LIVE LIKE A FUCKING CRAZY FUCKERS FOR A WEEK AGAIN .. thoughts ? lol 
I'm narcoleptic .. >_<' 
151 and jeager , whats gonna happen tonight ... 
Broken internets !! :( lol 
its 530 am in japan , its raining and < PROPFEMALE > . oh wait thats everyday ! lol got the gym today it couldnt come sooner ! 
Pieces of shit ... at work who wouldve thought that was possable .... ;/ 
I just got my smallpox shot .. fml . 
ight duty for the first time since i joined the marines .. and it feels GREAT . My knee might actually get fixed ! 
Back is almost healed . Then right back to the gym ! But as far as the knee .. not so much .. :( 
The crystals are forming faster than the earth is breaking .. 
Its 12 30 .. in the afternoon and im getting ready to go drink at the bar .. is there anything wrong there ? I think not . :) 
drinking from 12 to 8 pm .. oh man .. 
I'm done drinking .. its getting old waking up still drunk , so yeah .. done with it i gotta change .. gotta change . 
Healed back , Refreshed mind ... Sounds like the gym is calling me . :) Time to do work . 
668 days till im freee ! :D ! 
My sights are set on a Black Zx6r . :) ! 
Smallpox : You ITCCHHHY ! 
My vision would turn your world upside-down , tear asunder your illusions , and send the sanctuary of your own ignorance crashing down around you . 
My New Nintendo DSi IS EPIC 
2 30 am , being at the armory yet again , the joys of life are so amazing out here on this rock . 
i might get contacts .. glasses are getting annoying . 
Barracks duty on a friday , YES ! I love it ... But no really it sucks . 
oh man , oh man .. i want a fucking cigar now . :/ .. and i dont want to go to work tomorrow . 
Yakuza , your doing my tat . 
TYPHOOOONN HIT THIS MUTHA FUCKIN ISLAND NOW ! 
Looks like the < PROPFEMALE > typhoon moved away from us .. fml :( 
its gonna hit uss goooo typhoonn ! 
Hello typhoon . You look fun today . 
Back to class ... Sigh . its too bored and easy for me .. :( 
Mmmm ... Lifting .. shower , then relaxing . good night . 
Barracks duty , again , but it starts at 5 30 ... ;/ . Taking more of the Green Weenie !! 
barracks duty , i got my kindle with facebook acess and a unlimited ammount of books .. im set . 
You say the words .. and my weapon is drawn . 
Another faggoty Typhoon coming .. hopefully this next one will have some power behind it .. 
Why is water so good ? 
Best back workout ever . 
Another great day at the gym , tore the chest up ! 
I'm just lighting up mah La La La ... La . La . La . La ! 
Holy fuck , im bored . 
630lb Calf raises .. 315 squats .. im a < PROPMALE > bit sore ! lol 
Is going to get a Green Tree Python when he leaves Okinawa ... 
Good friday morning for me .. so far . Lets keep it up ! 
315 deadlifts ... yumm ! 
Chest is today , Today is chest , i love the gym . 
it was a GREAT fucking night . 
NHL 2011 , amazing ... 
Tis ' ass crack AM . Im awake , I'm cranky . slightly aggravated .. but most of all i just want my nightmare to end .. Fucking armory's no one in the world should have to wake up at this hour of neverness .. 
Cannot find anything he needs for his tattoo .. this sucks . 
I'm searchin ' for a future-the world's my aim . 
Lookin at leave in January .. Very excited . hopefully it goes though .. lol 
Shopping Holister , on line .. I need a change of clothing .. lol 
I miss the gym , a lot .. I need to go back . Goddamn work ... Stupid shit !!! 
Felt like a armorer for a bit this morning , had to fix 2 weapons .. simply shocking i hardly remembed how to do my job , Afterall ... i just clean .. Not fix guns , what i was trained to do ... 
Whata fucking night .. lol damn 
I forgot who you were .. Feels good . 
Just got back from Bonten Tattoo ! oh man ive never been this excited about a tat ... this is gonna be dope as fuck ! Going back next week for the offical drawing , design check !!! 
work today , CG is gonna be there , typical general hatin . 
Beast in the gym flet fuckin amazing 
Getting cut open ... Huuray ! lo .. Around Nov , Early Dec .... Should be fun .. >_< 
Just because your breathing , doesnt mean youre alive , or that you really live . 
Boring , Tired .. Barracks duty blows . Typical .. Saturday .. Gym , then nothing , Sunday .. Tat Appointment .. Very excited Semi ok weekend . 
Mofugginnn GYM .. Then nothing ... damn 
New iphone4 ... Badass 
Good night out , time for some NHL11 . 
Fuckin shit ..... Choices goddamn 
Best nighr in oki yet .. damnnn 
Lol funny day at work ... Ah i hate this place with a passion 
Got my ass beat at the gym .... 
A morning of swimming laps , got my ass beat .. lol TMO TODAY ! and fuckin Barrack duty again !!!!! Thank god its almost friday . i need my weekend . 
Helllooo tmo thankyou for my stuff !! 
Piss drunk at rock ametica fuck yeah 
There are lies underneath the smiles .. 
Sometimes .. my mom spoils me way too much .. I love my mom :) 
I wanna go fast , and be terrified .... 
My tattoo is hugeee its so badass though ! Oct 5 th let it begin !!!!! 
POS Computer i hate it sometimes ! 
Computer fixed , Cleaning the room up a bit , Work tomorrow .. Then Tattoo on the 5th , mega pumped for this outline ... 6 Sessions .. to go .. Soon 5 woot ! 
1 Day till the huge tattoo , excited as hell ! 
Tat tomorrow at fuckin 7 ! YESSSSSSSSSSSSS 
Tattttooo you need to come faster ! 
Getting inked wooo 
I'm really gonna be feeling this tat tomorrow .. >_< 
There is no reconciliation that will put me in my place . 
Finishing my outline tomorrow !! Excited :) 
Last day till my 96 .. Also tat outline part 2 tonight , woot ! 
Tat outline pt2 wooo 
In some pain , :( oh well looks good , amidoinitirte ? :P 
Full stomach , tired , sore .. Aquarium tomorrow fuck yes . 
To theee aquarium i goooo :D 
Naha fest woooot !!!!! 
Naha fest is badass holy shit !!!!! 
Its going to be a shitty ass week ... 
GPS CLASS CUZ I DONT KNOW WERE IM GOIN ON THIS ISLAND YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
Gym tonight , about fucking time . 
Life is too short to spend your precious time trying to convince a person who wants to live in gloom and doom . So fuck em . 
Thursday , Got nothin but a GPS class and the gym . 
This week just ate shit , like i said it would .... :( 
Fuck mess night . Goddamn it . 
Dress blues .. gay long friday night . Fuck yousmc 
Hell is finally over . Thank god . 
Yep Yep , shit , shit . We're all here . 
Really wants to play HOCKEY ! 
Its okay , We know your a loser still . Nothing you do can change it ! 
Cant sleep , Bored ... Got work tomorrow don't wanna work at all I hate Tuesdays . 
How to Train your Dragon was thee best movie ever . 
As you think , so shall you become . 
Im like < PROPFIRST > hawk ... Everyday when am i gonna get paid like him ? 
Man .. Im ready for leave lol .. I miss home , and my friends . 
This fur wall is gonna be on my house , itll be like a Wolverine ! 
It would be the right thing to do ... But i dont do that anymore . 
January for leave ? Yes ? No ? I'm not too sure yet ! But I'll be rockin 30 days , I do know that ! 
I guess i should just grow a spine and just do what i need to do . 
Oh fuck this day im so tired im in a good mood fml 
Went to kinser for nothing 
Your lifes about to flash before your eyes , i promise you that . 
I wanna do something but i know i shouldnt do it .. But it temps me oh so much . :( 
Ugh Long night , Now time for a relaxing day . 
Be Honest , open and hoping you'll find the words to say .. 
UFC Today , and gym . fucking win . 
Do you know your enemy ? 
Sore from my slaughter workout today . 
Yumm 345 Deadlifts . :) 
Going to rage on someones life tomorrow .. 
oh Cardio . This is gonna get really good really fast . 
Ordering contacts this weekend oh joy . 
Ass beating at Cardio , day 1 .. Complete . 
MRI today finally gonna start to fix this weak body 
off workkkkkkk Relax then slaugghter fest at the gym 
I want to be back in a normal time zone !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Weeekend were < PROPMALE > thou ?? 
The crashing of white waves , Another typhoon ..... 
TCORE 1 but im still going to work in a typhoon , awesome :/ 
Thank you marines corps for fucking my day off . 
The flood gates will burst open . 
Greetings , we are an infant species\ 
crawling , into our own , premature decline\ 
The north < PROPFEMALE > is chairing the meeting , he knows we're spoilt\ 
and he's sniggering at histories . \ 
We can breathe in space , they just don't want us to escape\ 
We can breathe in space , they just don't want us to escape .......... 
WORK TILL 6AM , THEN WORK MORE . THANK YOU TYPHOON . YOU ROCK MY WORLD 
At the Good ol work still :) I love it .. HA NOT . 
Slow down .. Let go .... 
ohh .. goin back to work .. again . Thank you . 
Off fucking work . About goddamn time friday is here 
Spaghettios , now all i need is MILK ! and ill be having a epic meal . 
DRUNK GROUND FIGHTING DOESNT GET ANY BETTER . 
oh man what a night , 1 broken hand , and a submission .. good night rofl ... 
HIIT training today , then contacts ... then a rough night :3 
Hello gym , Today i might not come out of you alive . Just so you know . 
Contacts Tuesday .. Woo !! 
Sore from the gym .. Damn legs . 
< PROPMALE > over ... 1 Correct this , 2 . Go slay bodies at the gym . 3 . i dont know yet . 
I got dem Waffles invites .. if anyone needs one send me a message . 
Bored , nothin to do ... 
Time to do second rate ab workouts with people who think its going to give them a six pack over their layer of FAT . 
Fucking < PROPFEMALE > ball tomorrow LAME . 
Boring < PROPFEMALE > ball .. Fml . 
Looong fucking night .. damn . 
More ink this weekend , woot ! 
Contacts are fucking weirdddddddd 
Qhata boring day in my cage .... 
Hey everyone , Thank you for the birthday wishes !! :D 
Never been this tired on a friday .. god damn 
Bored on a friday night . it sucks . 
Ink today fuck yesssssssssssssssssss !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting inked woot ! 
Ive never bled so much from a tattoo godddaayumnn 
Sore bleeding from the arm .. Going to bed .. PZ . 
Getting Tuesday off .. Fuck yes ! 
Forgot my phone in the Armory .. FML . 
Day off , Chillin woot ! 
Delts n ' Traps .. tonight . 
work @ 3am . Fuck yes ....... 
Something about green cammies ... Makes me want to take a nap anytime im in them .... :) 
Anything can happen in the next half hour .... 
Bored hollly shitttttttttt 
Misses home .. 
Slept < PROPMALE > day , Feelin good now .. lol 
Egg nog night , Yeah its one of those . 
Bored tonight .. :( 
More ink today :) 
Been at work since 430 .. Still here and its 1241 .. I think ill be here till aout 5 or 6 tonight ... Fuck yes !!!!!!!! 
Lvl 60 on stick wars .. Fuck yes ! 
oooh !! 12 hours spent here waiting on people ! YESS 
I'm so honored to be at work for over 14 hours waiting on people who i dont like . This has made my month . By far .. the best DAY OF NOVEMEMBER !!!!! ( not . ) 
More choices don't always make us happier . 
Wide awake wtf !! i hate randomly waking up ! 
So fuckin bored @ work oh my god ... There is literally nothing to do . 
NHL 11 or Bed ..? I'm not really tired right now . 
Knee Surgery December 10th . Woo .. 
I should be able to get to level 100 on stickwars today .. :) 
Ever get a flash back ... Were you get pissed because you bought something that costed so much ? But in the end you NEVER used the item you bought ..? Yeah just happened . 
Such a fail day @ work again .. Geezzzuzzzzzzz 
We don't say black , we say murdered out . - < PROPFIRST > . 
Working late , Like always . 
DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS !!! 
Duty !! Im tired 4 hours to go ! Wooo 
Tired as fuck , but in a great mood !!! 
Ah fucking hate shots !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > PILGRIMS IS FUCKING AMAZING 
2 AM , Not Tired . :( 
WHY is MotoGP so fucking BADASS ? 
Weeds , Season 6 . Good morning . 
Weeds Season 6 was HOLY SHIT amazing . 
mondays suck lol 
Todays going by fast , kinda nice :) BORED as hell tho !! 
Wishing time would go by faster , I wanna be HOME and free ! lol .. 
Morning workout was fucking amazing .. Sorta ready for the day ahead ! 
Korea , no one is going to do shit .. Fucking retards .... \ 
On Another note , I wish my fucking knee wasn't broken so I could actually do something other than rot on this fucking island . 
And you wonder why\ 
No one can stand you\ 
And there's no denying , \ 
You were crying like a bitch ! 
Damn this island has so many IMMATURE people . Holy fuck ! 
gran-turismo 5 is out .. i want it now . 
Another boring day in japland .. 
Sippin on some Vodka , missing the Americans .. and some peoples . 
Inception just blew my fucking mind to pieces ... 
Got more of my tattoo done , will upload some pictures when im done being lazy : E 
My whole weekend was hell .. This week better produce something good .. 
Im excited about homework ... Wat ? 
Overload of networking data today !! 
I got white friends ... 
This whole Federal pay freeze thing pisses me off .. the horrid president should take a pay cut himself .. and his useless senators and congressmen . 
When did networking get so dry ? 
So basically after my one tattoo is done .. im starting my next one . 
Sushi for lunch is win . 
fucking DYING in this networking class today . I gotta stuudy tonight . fml . Surgery in a week , and leave in about a month hopefully woot . 
559 days till freedom cannot wait . 
13443 hours left on this shithole they call an island . 
I've changed a lot , I'm a lot more accepting to shit I use to hate , and I use to hate doing . I kinda like it . 
One of the best nights in a long time ! 
Win . 
GT5 ROCKS . :) 
Bored at work , what a surprise ... 
Slowly going insane out here ... 
Blah this place . 
1 day till surgery .. 
Crappy day already :/ 
My life just keeps on getting worse . Hopefully .. ill get hit by a car next week . 
Going under the knife today @ 12:10 
Surgrey went good , no microfractur ... So recovery will be fast ... Hopefully :) 
Wants to go home to the states ... :( 
Crutches suck so much :( 
I tried so hard to be what you needed .. 
BORED :( 
Bored , ready to come home ... :( 
Much has changed since the last time , and I feel a little uncertain now .. 
I'd burn the building , if I knew you'd die . \ 
And i pray you're a failure , and that you won't make it out ALIVE ! 
Is having some really fucked up dreams , its kind of weirding me out .. 
Wants outta prison , pleaseeeeeeeee I wish you could get outta the marines , for good behavior .. 
Vodka .. for dinner ? Yes . 
Watching The Social Network , and drinking .. Its an okay night , could always be better .... 
Such a boring day , and my knee hurts a lot today :( 
The Other Guys was a funny fuckin movie . 
Had a really good night :) !! 
HEY Knee . Get stronger . I wanna go back to the freakin GYM . 
Is so Addicted to Minecraft . 
. : can't sleep : . :( 
Wants to be home for Christmas ! :( ! 
No sittin ' at the table if you aint bringin nothin to it . 
REALLY wants some home baked cookies and brownies . NOW . 
BoRED . :/ 
Home sweet Okia- ... Wait .... Missing home and family during the holidays ! 
Happy Holidays everybody , enjoy who you spend it with !! 
< PROPFEMALE > gave me the gift to be alive and safe , as well as keeping all my fellow marines alive and safe . That beats anything youll ever get . 
I Hate You . 
So drunk .. want food , but have none :( ! 
17 months . YES ! 
Last day of work .. Then New Years !! Fuck yes ! 
Wants to order some adidas Originals ... But they were sold out in my size/color .. So much fail :( ! 
You're a piece of shit , its funny to me ! :) 
I ate about 2 hours ago , and I'm hungry again . :( 
Back to the grind , its a 4 day week . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired after work today , goddamn !!! 
Is tired , and I got a full 8 hours of sleep , WTH man . 
Tat appointment .. This saturday :) Snakes getting done !! Then one more after .. Then right after .. Itll be time to start planning the new tat ! Any ideas ? 
Workin late , Holler ... -.-' 
Going to get gassed out :/ 
I hate Japan so much .. Their internet sucks the ultimate faggotry . 
Just walk away , make it easy on us both\ 
Just walk away , there was never any hope .. 
Tat is finally done !! 
At work ... I have cold feet . Its going to be a long day . :( 
Breakfast sounds good .. 
Tired as hell , so glad its the weekend . 
I feel like a lizard , my Tat is peeellllingg I hate it ! 
I miss my friends , feels bad man . 
Nooo ! Back to work tomorrow ! :( 
Can't get back to sleep , this sucks . :( ! 
Funny day at work , this place is a joke now . 
Im just sayin .... 
I'm so nice its almost unreal . 
Finally got Senses Fail new album !!! 
So .. this Facebook priate mode shit is hard as hell to read . >_<' 
Pineapple wine = the best . 
Submitted it ... Now i wait 
Good A.M. workout .. 
Just got murdered in the gym . :D ! 
Just got Eminem's new CD Wat . 
Take that pez dispenser and fill it up with pain killers .. 
39 Days , Then we'll see whats up . 
Updating the Gym playlist , its off the hook ! 
Herp . Steelers are gonna win . 
Breezzyy day at work , so nice n easy 
Did that giant vampire toothed crab spider blow up into a million dolphins ? \ 
Why yes , yes it did . 
I need to get some tattp ideas , the books dont help me any :( 
Working late makes me love my job . ( All Sarcasm ) 
Gym in the AM ? Nothing beats it .. 
Seeing awesome results from the gym is almost a better feeling than knowing your mom loves you . 
Fuck barracks duty 
Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet is fucking cute as hell to watch . 
Hit the gym time . 
25 Days . Hooolllerr ! 
Man Japan . You is bored . 
Feel the BURN ! \ 
2 a-days son ! \ 
Maybe I'll get up to 3 ?! \ 
Maybe I can quit smoking too ? 
Well ... My Monday is going to suck . 
Today is the day , then 18 days left . \ 
But whose counting ? 
I'm so .. Sore . Owwwwwww . 
I rely on myself just making sure that was clear I'm not in need of your crutches \ 
I faced all my fears and I won what I knew I could have . 
I DREAM OF MEN RUNNING AROUND MY BED IN TIGHT LEATHER CLOTHES AT NIGHT . 
Fuck duty shits gayyyy 
Homeward bound , 466 Days . 
My Motto is live by the bottle , so ... Why is my supply low ? 
Apparently I'm fancy .. 
Little amounts of effort and sacrifice equals little results ... 
Taxes + paycheck in one day ? YES !!! best paycheck yet . :D ! 
GYM Time . 
Supersets lead the way . 
Vision is purpose , and when your purpose is clear so are your life\ 
choices . 
The gym was so cruel today , felt great :) 
People can no longer use \The military is a stable job\ " Because its simply not anymore . " 
:) Yep finally . 
So fucking blackout drunk last night .. 
Hello Howell Michigan :) 
Gym this fine morning . Yes indeed ! 
If you wanna < PROPFEMALE > , Hit me up !! or msg me here or whatever ~ 
Hello book , \On Killing\ " I look forward to reading you . " 
Muse and reading . Win session 
Not doin < PROPFIRST > shit today .. Hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > . 
I guess words are a mothafucka they can be great\ 
Or they can degrade , or even worse they can teach hate ... 
Gym , Shoulders ... Traps . Puttin in work , have you ? 
Cookin mo ' fuckin ! dinner . 
Nice try wings .. :( 
Doesn't make sense , does it ? Homeless in the US go without eating . Elderly in the US go without needed medicines . Mentally ill in the US go without treatment . American troops go without proper equipment . American veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'M IN THE 1% 
SQUAT TILL YOU PUKE !!! 
Gym with the sister .. Gonna beat her ass into the ground lol !! 
I humbled myself and decided to learn instead of thinking I already knew everything . 
Round two , something you just don't want to do \ 
Go dancing with the devil ' less you're wearing my shoes\ 
You got nerve and I'll give you that\ 
Watch the world tumble while I sit on your ass ! 
Outline done . Shits epic . 
431 and counting down .. Thank Effffing god ! 
You can't have your cake and eat it too ... 
Tattoo is donne , so damn sore .. lol looks awesome though . 
ah Japan you are so ghey ! 
So fucking jetlagged oh my fucking god 
Swim qual is officially whooping my ass .. I might not make it outta the pool alive today . FML . 
I'm ready to go to another concert .. :/ Damn you Japan !!!! 
Pistol Range today , Hooah ... :/ 
Duck tape and acid .... HAH fucking amazing Monday night .. So fucking < PROPMALE > over . 
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it . If you think about that , you'll do things differently ... 
I act like shit don't phase me .... But inside it drives me crazy !!! 
My liver hurts from last night . Nota good sign ! I guess i should just drink more ? Maybe itll go away ? 
UFC 129 /happy . 
FUCKIN BEACH ! 
