hates it when he gets no reception 

feels like poop 
is now positive that he is sick 
needs a website 
is stressed 
is in his preferred state ... drunk 
wants a sweet suit and a < PROPFIRST > GUN !!! 
< PROPMALE > is a lame-face , wiener-head 
It's surprising , the amount of wisdom you can get from somebody who refuses to stop making fart jokes 
woke up behind a dumpster 
is so sore his boobs hurt when he walks down the stairs 
has an interview with Zombie Studios next week ! 
just three pounds away from being the heaviest I've ever weighed ! 
is drunk , but it's his birthday so it's ok 
being drunk every night is making his brain mad ... it's retaliating 
' s muscles are twitching and it's kinda annoying 
will probably be < PROPMALE > over again tomorrow morning , which will make five days in a row ... that's a whole work week . I win at life ! 
now has black hair 
wonders where his underwear goes at night and why they dislike me wearing them so much 
' s legs rub together when he walks ... screw working out , I'm just gonna stay top-heavy 
needs to start waking up at seven in the morning instead of going to bed around that time 
is gonna fuck your shit up ! 
is out of booze . And thus , his drinking spree is ended . 
As if I needed another reason to fucking hate Digipen 
is killing time 
has no idea why he's in such a good mood but it's definitely a nice change . 
thinks it's God's cruelest trick 
is < PROPMALE > over . But at least he woke up in his car this time instead of behind a dumpster . 
reactivated his XBox Live account for 1943 and is in disparate need of friends Gamertag = Joshicus you know you want to 
is drinking the rest of < PROPFIRST>'s jug of wine tonight ... oh man 
wants to be able to use < PROPFEMALE > without having to spend weeks relearning how to do everything 
is wondering if it's possible that he died without knowing and is now somehow stuck in hell 
is restless 
is gonna make a nice cold drink , grab a book , and enjoy the not horribly hot weather 
skittle vodka = awesome skittle vodka hangover = much worse than expected 
\tell them that I realize that everyone who lives will someday die and die alone \"" 
there's no design your flaws are fine 
doesn't wanna do his chores 
still doesn't miss school 
probably shouldn't have just taken a five our nap that ended ten minutes ago ... 
is pooped ... but it's a good thing 
I wonder , does being so lonely make me codependent ? Or does it make me normal ? Is it normal to be codependent ? But being codependent is unhealthy . So would that make being normal unhealthy ? Probably ... I think I just need a girlfriend 
only a gyro can save us now 
hungoovvveerrrrrrrr .... 
wants to fight with swords 
has a cricket in his closet ... 
is sleepy but excited 
is having a rough day 
is on an enchilada induced high ... sleepy time soon 
lives in a house filled with crickets 
God models in verts 
is drunk and has the hickups 
hickups are gone 
wishes his innards didn't hate him 
sexual harassment ... panda 
Brandt : I'm pretty sure we drink more than anybody else at Digipen . Me : That is very likely , yes 
With my super lawyer powers we can rid our town of cats for good ! 
has a jones for the Mahones 
is sitting in a raft watching Venture Bros Season 3 on his computer ... life is good 
You still think women are these mythical creachers . Like Unicorns ... with breasts ! 
Back to school ... no awesome internship for < PROPMALE > today =[ 
is going to miss having weekends ... it was nice while it lasted 
is already tired of dealing with the school's shit 
on a scale from green to six , I give that a toaster 
just woke up and is about to make some breakfast ... hooray for his new schedule 
is slightly stressed ; ready for school to be over already ; wishes he got payed ; incredibly sleepy ; misses < PROPFIRST > ; needs a hug ; hasn't been home in too long ; is happier than he's been in too many years 
is tired of being in constant pain 
has decided that \My Own Worst Enemy\ " by Lit is his new theme song ... it was about time he had a new one anyway " 
still hasn't st < PROPMALE > ed his freaking concept < PROPMALE > work ... I hate this place ... 
three weeks closer to getting the fuck out of here ... deep breath ... it will be ok .... GOD I FUCKING HATE ALL THIS SHIT !!! 
is already worn out ... this semester is gonna be rough . Gotta get more motivated to increase efficiency 
needs to stop buying web domains on impulse 
is having a fucking rough day 
wants to curl up into a ball and stay that way for a good long while 
wonders where the time keeps going 
is worried about switching back and forth between < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on a daily basis for two wholw semesters 
really really really really wants to be done with school 
is in trouble again ... 
needs to figure out a way to genetically enhance himself to no longer require sleep ... 
... needs to go take a vacation in a cave where nobody can find him 
homework time ... maybe I'll finish soon enough to take a nap 
my phone's buttons are broken but I can still recieve calls so call me if you need me ... but I can't return calls or find out who was trying to call me if I miss it 
today is a good day 
really wants to go home and play games 
could really use a day off ... maybe two 
is really tired but doesn't know why ... 
is very tired and unmotivated 
is SO hungry 
is the firestarter 
wonders why onions hate him so much ... fingers crossed no hospital visit 
is doing exactly what he didn't want to be doing 
wishes environments would die 
rarely posts good things because when good things are happening he's off doing those good things and not trying to escape from bad things by browsing the internet 
depite his hatred of environments , still really likes modeling 
IFIDUGEDIBAGAGAIN !!! YEAH YEAH YEAH 
Just got hosed for three hours straight in Modern Warfare 2 ... I need a reddot 
thinks his Facebook might have gotten hacked ... I signed on and it said that facebook was sending a secondary email address confirmation to some random email address ... guess we'll see 
is on a very wide , very square , very stationary rollercoaster 
drank a bunch , fell asleep on the bus , walked halfway accross Redmond to get home , passed out as soon as I went to bed ... had a great time 
wishes he was at work and not at school 
doesn't get to biddy biddy bum 
wishes money didn't suck so much 
thinks his job is the < PROPFEMALE>'s knees 
sittin back with a forty , chillin with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
got way better grades than he thought he was gonna 
is wishing his girlfriend was here for the holidays 
misses his girlfriend 
8 days , 15 hours , and 43 minutes left 
Anybody with a car feel like picking me up at 2:15 tomorrow ? Kinda spaced on the fact that I don't have a ride yet . Gas money and company to anybody as a reward ! 
is going to bed at nine oclock because he is exhausted ... 
is goin to pick up his girl from the airport 
needs to drink ... a lot ... seriously 
still hasn't started his SOS essay ... 
Everybody NEEDS to see what I found ! The video load time is really long but the wait is more than worth it ! http://en.tackfilm.se/?id=1265777254293RA24 
is getting kinda tired of his stomach hurting ... 
' s head hurts ... but late night call of duty with < PROPFIRST > was totally worth it 
wishes there was a way to pause either life , or medical problems ... just for a day or two . Because sometimes it's just too much to deal with 
enjoyed his walk imensely . Such a nice day . 
had the last of his sandwich meat for breakfast and is too unmotivated to go out and get more food ... sigh ... maybe booze will help 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s angry organs 
is sick ... dammit 
will some day figure out how to have his cake and eat it too ... either that or die trying 
hasn't had that much fun in a while =) totally worth the < PROPFEMALE > over 
booooooooooooooorrrred 
is lonely ... but a movie is 2 minutes away from downloading so soon I will be distracted and happy 
needs good movies to watch 
gonna grab some suasage mcmuffins before heading to work . Not sure why I'm so happy about both but today seems like it will be an exceptionally good one 
So close to graduation ... assuming they let us graduate . How does that work ? We've already payed our random graduation fees ? There are like 30 people lined up to graduate . That's at least 60 pissed off parents , 90 if you assume half the graduate's parents are divorced and remarried . That's 120 people who are going to be very angry about randomly not graduating with little to no warning 
can anyone explain to me how the free parking on the streets in Seattle on weekends thing works ? Because a forty dollar ticket isn't free and this is the second one this year . 
is drinking at the < PROPFEMALE > party ... will anybody notice ? Stay tuned and find out 
so in counter strike ... you're an idiot if you've never played the game before ... but if you've never played before you have no clue what's going on ... but it's supposedly intuitive ? I guess the trick is to not complain about people owning you while you're getting owned , that's what everybody else seems to be doing 
wants panda express really badly 
is burnt the fuck out 
slept for twelve hours straight and woke up with a fever ... Hope this is the reason why I've been feeling so crummy lately and not a result of running around doing stuff while feeling so crummy 
is exhausted ... and is steadily becoming moreso as the weeks go by 
forgot how amazing the Lord of the Rings movies were . A part of me died the day I realized I didn't have another one of these movies to look forward to . 
so tired I was about to pass out all day ... now I have insomnia ... God Dammit 
is home on a saturday night 
is wondering if anybody taking the thursday morning flight to GDC knows how they're getting there and if they've got a spot open =) 
' s business cards came just in time . Now I'm all official and shit ! 
is insanely exhausted from GDC . Doubt just one night of sleep will be enough to recouperate 
Ambient Occlusion rendering = < PROPMALE>'s break time 
Left for work at 8:35 this morning , got back at 10:55 ... at least the weather was AMAZINGLY perfect for my walk from the bus stop to my car . Now it's time to try and get more than a couple hours of sleep 
twelve and a half hours later < PROPMALE > woke up and couldn't remember when SOS started but was almost possitive he had missed it ... so he went to < PROPFEMALE > City Smoothies and boght a delicious shake 
my phone doesn't work ... =( 
ugh ... it's always something ... fuck this shit 
has a bad feeling about something . Don't know what about but it has happened before and the bad feeling was justified ... 
feels like his brain has somehow escaped from his head , ran a marathon , and then snuck back in without me ever noticing . Only problem is now it's passed out on the floor because it's never run a marathon before and is in serious need of some sort of medical assistence Fuck I'm fried 
swing life away 
is upset because after patching Civ4 he can no longer run , reinstall , or uninstall the game ... now it sits there , taunting me , forever a broken piece of my newly wiped computer 
feels like he relates to Hickup in a lot of ways ... except he doesn't have a dragon ... which is sad 
is being reflective alone in the labs instead of being in law class . I tend to worry about what I need to do while forgetting what I've already done . I think I'd be a lot less stressed if I took more breathers in life . 
is tired and is going to bed ... good night 
drinking you goodbye 
' s organs are very mad and won't calm down 
find's it both comforting and sad that life's most important moments are so generic that 1 out of every 3 songs relate to something substantial in his life thus far 
fuck 
Applebee's happy hour is AWESOME ! 
anybody doin anything cool for < PROPFIRST > Easters ? 
drunken easter = awesome easter 
so ... sleepy . Nose no longer stuffed , throat feeling ok , after chugging water all day I think I flushed most of whatever ailed me this morning out of my system . But still ... very ... sleepy 
' s brain isn't working ... must ... finish ... homwork 
wonders how he can live in a state where it hails on him during april and still like living there 
Ugh ... ok Liver , I'll give you a break . I promise 
hopes that the weather today stays so sword fighting season can finally start in < PROPMALE > 
say what you will about Mormons but when was the last time YOU got amazing free banana bread delivered to your door for no reason ? 
' s cereal at school day is making him really sleepy 
well crap that didn't last long ... 
crack my head open , on your kitchen floor , proove to you that I have brains ... a fine time to fake a seizure - Alkaline Trio , I love you guys 
Work > Law Class 
lately I been feelin dead inside , like my guts have gone up and dried , every night I water them back to life , every night ,,, I water them back to life 
is having a no good very bad day 
is contemplating getting his bottom two belly buttons pierced ... maybe this wine is working better than I thought 
Had his first full meal in two days . Stay tuned to see if he regrets his decision 
still think < PROPFEMALE > Meat is the best choice 
\Unwrapping UVs is like war . Everybody pushes and pulls for a while but eventually everybody finds their spot . \ " surprisingly insightful < PROPFEMALE > " 
ten < PROPFEMALE > Sociology paper ... why can't you write yourself ? 
somebody ate all my chimichangas out of the freezer at school ... why would you do that ? I am sad now . 
five pages down , hopefully I can finish by tonight so I can reread it and fix problems tomorrow . 
food , essay , then cleaning ... I'm almost dreading the cleaning more than the essay ... almost 
lost a full < PROPFEMALE > of his essay because the school computers decided to take a dump ... so now it's time for grilled cheese sammiches before trying to remember what i had written before I lost everything 
Adventure Time is the most amazing show ever invented ! and before you ask , no , I'm not doing my essay right now even though I totally should be 
writing an essay after a few drinks makes it more hard than it does less painful 
wishes his lunch tasted more like Mongolian Barbecue and less like Korean Beef 
doesn't understand why he's in such a bad mood . Everything is pissing him off right now 
so hungry =( 
Crohn's does not get along with the bus . This is like the worst thing ever . 
Oh man , Pandora randomly pulled up Allister . Oh high school , such a mix of good and sucky memories 
fucking Digipen teachers . It's awesome that they decided to let us know we HAVE to have something in by today ... a fucking hour ago . 
thanks everybody , especially the Digipeners . This time has meant a lot to me , and even more , the friendships . You guys are amazing ... pictures soon 
you know you had a fun night when you wake up and STILL have a hard time keeping upright 
does anybody know if/when the school is open today ? 
at the school ... waiting for SVN to finish updating before I can finish ( hopefully ) the last freaking assignment at Digipen EVER !!! 
I feel like Spartacus is trying REALLY hard to be cool but just can't quite get there ... and yet my urge to keep watching remains . Like my brain REALLY wants to like it and is making absolute sure that it doesn't before giving up . 
has designed his sword . Now to construct it and get myself back into shape . I now declare sword fighting season open ! 
The foam has been purchased , the designs finalized . Now only a trip to Home Depot for the PVC , bolts , and glue is left before the forging can begin ! 
must ... finish ... work ........ need ... sun .... 
doesn't want to pack =[ 
is sadly out of booze 
will forever be hounded by endless amounts of pink hairs 
sleepy 
is wondering why he just NOW got an email from the school saying that I'm graduating in April ... that already happened ... leave me alone Digipen ! I don't like you anymore 
wants to go home and play Red Dead Redemption ... so ... bad 
google.com -> insert coin -> Enjoy 
interwebs FTW !!! I'm so happy I'm using internet speak !!! 
is totally moseying right now 
today ... is a day where I get to know just how it is like to be a tester ... I'm glad I'm an artist 
is eating Hostes donuts because all the food joints close at 4 in downtown Seattle ... second lunch = fail 
really hopes he isn't sick for all of his three day weekend ... relaxation just isn't the same when you're sick 
has decided that dancing is pretty much any type of flailing as long as < PROPMALE > motion changes happen alongside the rhythm of the beat 
stupid stove not working ... so ... hungry 
and I was drinking you goodbye 
do you have it ?... the jones ? 
doesn't really know what to do 
there is a rave inside my head and they're playing the Mortal Combat theme song ... TIME TO DANCE :) |- < :) /- < :) \\-< :o ]- < :o [- < :) [-L :) [-C :) [-L :) [-C :) [-L 
Has the jones !!! 
foxtrot uniform < PROPFIRST > kilo 
ugh , a full weak of bad stomach pain ... gettin kinda old 
Slept from 9pm to 9am ... had some crazy epic dreams ... and feels a little better ... Let's hope breakfast doesn't hurt my stomach too much 
\my first girlfriend turned into the moon\ " \ 
so tired ... wanna sleep ... stomach hurts ... still at work ... lame 
really wishes he had a \get out of jail free\ " card for this whole crohn's thing " 
the ongoing question for today ( and seemingly most days lately ) eat , feel pain , and be grumpy cuz I'm hurting ... or ... don't eat , feel less pain , but still be grumpy cuz I'm hungry 
so sleepy ... can't playtest anymore ... want to go home ... must ... help coworkers ... no complaining 
dear grooveshark , I love you 
Has the Jones one day too soon ! Stupid working on Sunday , throwing off the Jonesometer in my head 
clear liquid diet today =/ Lets see if giving my stomach a day off will help it for at least a few more days 
is so fucking tired of feeling this way 
MY ORGANS ARE GOING TO KILL ME ! 
went home a bit early from work today , got a ride so I got here faster , now to enjoy this beautiful weather 
seven in the morning and I'm still definitely drunk , means I had one great night 
thinks his < PROPFEMALE > over might have waited a day to show up ... bleh 
doesn't really know why he's watching Tin Man ... it's really not very good 
Cursive is either really good or not very good at all depending on the song ... In the Now is definitely a good one 
needs new music ... but doesn't know how to explain his tastes ... GO ! 
fuck ... 
bleh , back Chinese food comes back up with a vengeance 
bleh so more likely a really bad flu than the Chinese food . Been a while since I've had one this bad ... although I can't decide if it's worse than pain or not . Pain is pain , however I'm a lot more used to that than this whole ... mess 
man Shrink is a good movie . Thank you Netflix for telling me what I'll like and then being absolutely right 
< PROPFEMALE > ... you need to stop crashing while baking out my normals . I know you can do it , you've done it before 
wishes his belly botton housed a pressure release valve ... gross 
had a great night . Hope you did too 
Google wave is pretty slick . I understand why it's kinda having a hard time getting up and running because we already have several other options available to us in different forms , but Wave is like all of those combined into one very powerful communication tool . I can easily see it replacing the things we use to communicate over the internet . Or at least changing them fundamentally in the future . 
once again is pretty sure he agreed to something tonight but can't remember what 
has found the key to not hurting as much while at work . Vitamin Water , V8 , and natural/healthy Energy Drinks all day with no lunch to get stuck inside my organs . It's 6 o'clock and I only feel mildly hungry and barely any pain . I wonder how long I could survive on vitamins and minerals alone ... 
misses his sisters , and even his brother really 
the definition of life : Way too much shit on your plate all the time with no clue on how to handle most of it while random curve balls are being thrown at your head to distract you from figuring out how to do the other shit which will continue at an ever-increasing rate until you are dead 
well APB , I would like to play you tonight but you say you won't be done installing for another three hours ... why you gotta be like dat ? 
it makes me happy that my birthday is the day before one of the biggest drinking holidays in our country ... now lets get drunk and blow shit up ! 
Thanks to all the birthday well wishers ! Friday , Saturday , and Sunday were all a blast . I think today will be a day of rest . Gotta be prepped and ready for Mahones ! 
Mahones tomorrow night at 9 . Be there or be super lame and lose all your friends ! 
Blacklight : Tango Down , my first published game , is out today on XBox ! Fifteen bucks ! PC will be out soon , followed by Playstation . \ 
\ 
Also , Mahones tonight at 9 ! 
Sober < PROPMALE > : \Dammit Drunk < PROPMALE > ! Why did you think it was a good idea to round house kick a thorn bush ... in shorts no less ! \ " \ 
is wondering why they advertised Adventureland as a comedy when it's actually a really good indie coming of age story 
Sittin in the sun , prepping for my players ' next encounters , all I need is a cold drink and I'd be in heaven 
woot , Tango Down with a bunch of my buddies from work = great times\ 
It may be rough around the edges but ... It's so freaking cool to like my own game 
today is a weird mix of a bad day and a good day ... very little normal involved\ 
BUT the jones will be quenched tonight ! So at least the night will end well for sure . My leg is still kind of infected from last week ! 
is incredibly sad right now 
mmm , lazy Sunday , I love you 
Having lots of faces doesn't make you great . It's much more than that . Many combining isn't like some cheap tawdry love affair where you're fee to come and go as you please . 
Do you have the Jones ? Well my friend then youre in luck ! Because tonight is the night ! The night of Mahones ! 
The Jones has been successfully quenched 
lazy day with the house to myself ... I'm sure there is something I'm supposed to be doing right now , but instead I think I'll go read in the sun . 
oh pain , I guess I can at least trust you enough to know that you will always be there ... for better for for worse . In fact , if I could say one thing without any doubt , it would be just that . 
the drugs have been taken , this means sleep will come soon . Hopefully stomach doesn't break through sleep ... been reading too much of orc book , now think in simpler words 
http://www.explosm.net/comics/2122/ 
why is seeing her STILL enough to destroy me for the next couple days ? Fuck her . She isn't fuckin worth it 
Why are random fake girls supposedly from Digipen friend requesting me ? Is it spam bots that know Digipens students are lonely ? Or is it insecure Digipen girls to blame ? Either way this concept of Wuv confuses and ANGERS US !!! 
Hopes he has as crazy , fucked up dreams as he has been having over the last couple days ... seriously , sometimes I honestly don't know how I could be capable of such things 
my ego's like my stomach , it keeps shitting what I feed it\ 
< PROPMALE > Kasher and I are like this * crosses fingers * 
Mister Jones and me , gonna meat up at nine as usual\ 
Do not ignore the JONES !!!! 
Crap another week almost over . Is it just me or did time decide to go faster ? 
Blasphemy at it's best ! \ 
http://www.ninjapirate.com/returnofjesus.html 
' s stomach hurts ... hopefully it calms down so I can sleep and wake up god damn early and go to his Dr's appointment . 
\Hero ! Please take me with you ! Take me from this hell unending ! Every morning we are roused by savage blows . Every night we are raped to sleep by the Dickwolves . \ " ~ Penny-Arcade " 
\Josh 
marry , boff , kill , which do you want to do ? \ 
All of them ... * tears * ... all of them . 
alcohol used to be my trump card with stomach pain .... what changed ? Why does my stomach still hurt ? 
anybody not seen < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim yet , or want to see it again ? I feel like they deserve more of my money 
I forgot how nifty xNormal was for doing 3rd person weapons . It takes some getting used to but once you figure the program out it's really good for a free program 
KABOOOM !!! Giant boom went off near Seattle like a minute ago . Apparently it's been heard all the way in Bellevue according to tweets . Cops think it might be a sonic boom but no real news yet . Guess I'll have to wait a couple more minutes to find out ... thank you internet . I love you 
why is today lasting SOOOO LOOOOOONG 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim at 4:30 at < PROPMALE > Square . I texted all of those who expressed interested who I had #s for 
finally got around to beating SC2 . Stupid Zerg Missions ... WHY AREN'T YOU OUT YET ? 
is wondering where his summer went ... and if it ever really showed up in the first place 
Do you ? Do you have it ? Do you have the jones ? THE JONES FOR MAHONES !?!?!? 
FUCK ! I hate you all ! \ 
... \ 
but thanks for still hanging out with me anyway 
had a dream where some guy was bothering me so I used the < PROPFEMALE > scale tool and scaled him to zero thus killing him 
is living the dream ... minus a lot of the dream part ... but still it's pretty damn cool 
why is it that every < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > movie made in the last ten years is incredibly awesome , but also insanely depressing ? 
and so the final day is concluded . The grand finale being < PROPFIRST > getting us kicked out of a dive bar in the U district . Fucking epic weekend ... and I say that as a person who does not use the word epic in vain 
the jones has been satiated ... for now 
organs ... angry 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDX1m0Y2Vkg&feature=player_embedded\ 
this made me happy 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnCfhf7pLZ4\ 
ahahaha , oh Guttermouth , I love your senseless obscenities and anger 
\They also launched it the same day as Reach 
wonders why he is so tired every day but then wide awake every night ... I don't understand how that works . 
is it friday yet ? 
3DS you had me at hello 
I don't know anything for sure . but I always speak in absolutes . 
just realized there are no less than five random empty bottles of alcohol randomly strewn about his room ... hope nobody gets the wrong impression 
bought himself some black eyeliner and is ready for some dancin 
is so fresh and so clean , and super smooth . New soap = happy < PROPMALE > 
broken drumsticks and off-white sweat stained shirts 
shaking a stick at things must be harder than it sounds 
hasn't been this into a game in a very long time 
' s phone is broken ... probably the worst phone I've ever had .... super glad it decided to take a shit while I'm stuck at home with stomach problems 
just realized the White Rabbit's commute is ridiculous 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOaQhWkNXnc&feature=topvideos\ 
blame < PROPFIRST > 
slept for 12 hours , awake for 4 , then another 4 hour nap ... now for something hot and more sleep . 
good saturday night ... hope < PROPFIRST > gets home ... he went MIA ... more proof it was a good night 
back home . Feels pretty good ... if not a bit cold 
about four hours into the game and so far < PROPMALE > gives Fable 3 an A+ 
just won fifty bucks in a costume contest ( scariest costume ) at work ! 
all of my random stats that don't do anything got erased in Fable 3 ... now how will know how much better I am than my friends ? =( 
would do anything to be able to eat right now ... so god damn hungry . \ 
Totally looking forward to the rest of the night 
poopy week , now I just wanna get drunk 
woke up on the floor next to my bed , too far away to have fallen off ... why did I decide to sleep there ? 
Is playing with his new toy 
Well ... stomach hurts ... fun 
Food time 
Is having a very introspective day 
misses his < PROPMALE > ... 
Time for algebra\ 
A = no sleep . B = elivated pain . C = motivation . D= shitty weather\ 
A = -C . B = -C . A+B = -2C ... and D just makes everything worse 
Skinny Guy Looking for New Organs . Enjoys food and not being in pain . Please contact if interested . 
Days like this make me really glad for mahones 
No Algebra ... just arithmetic \ 
40 minute workout + heavy gym equipment - 4 years = super short and easy workout\ 
40 minute workout + simple crappy equipment in my room now - 0 years ( now ) = death = sad out of shape < PROPMALE > 
is probably lucky he was once a really nice guy . Because not many people make friends with douchebags 
I'm so fucking tired of picking myself off the ground 
I hate it when my bus takes a weird route . Even when I know where I am I still second guess whether I tokk the right bus or not ... 
Has decided that Cylons are just whiny bitches that do nothing but throw tantrums and steal other people's shit 
Important things I've learned from Minecraft : \ 
1 . Light animals on fire is funny\ 
2 . Watching a flaming pig wander into your house is not\ 
3 . and as far as we can tell ... hoes aren't good for anything 
can't believe he's enjoying doing environment assets ... it's so much less stress and for the most part , people leave you alone . I better be careful not to get used to this . 
Did somebody say pet adamntium dragon ? Awesome . 
Interesting how wiped out I can be after a day of doing nothing but laying down ... yay for being subnormal 
Poop 
Needs photoshop at home 
Cheers for the weekend 
Say what you will about Hermione , Tonks is where it's at 
Perfect winter day for a walk and some chores ... reminds me of home :) 
Snow makes me happy ... now if only I had some firewood 
Finally bought some new clothes ... woo for having more than two pairs of pants 
is out of sick days for the year . I hate this expression but ... fuck my life 
Doesn't think he's getting home tonight ... I just wish i'd've eaten before I got on this bus 
I wonder if being trapped on a bus for five hours is reason enough to not go to work tommorrow 
Yeah , it's decided . After more than five hours on the bus and still only halfway there ... callin in a personal day tomorrow 
Question of the Day : Does vampirism cause you to become more attractive ? Or do vampires make absolute sure all the ugly ones are completely dead after feeding on them ? 
got the jones for some holiday Mahones , there ain't no denyin it's in yall's bones ! \ 
Callen Wagner , I'm looking at you 
Off to the local pub for a few drops 
woke up this morning still full from yesterday 
Sore throat , bad cough , I hate this 
just bought his first Christmas gift of the season ... always makes me happy when I find something without looking 
nothing makes your day better than when a program crashes and loses a few hours of work ... I was just thinking I needed to redo all that stuff again , thanks computer 
Thanksgiving break went by too fast :( 
Just got his first email from a recruiter . I feel like a legitimate game industry person , complete with recruiters to ignore 
It's like some horrible game of twister with all boys and they kill you when you lose 
Fucking lnothing like a good ol ' < PROPMALE > Gerritzen pep talk to start you day off 
Nothing like a good ol ' < PROPMALE > Gerritzen pep talk to start your day off . I love my job 
Brain is fried ... smell oranges ... toaster ? 
The last three weeks flew by ... I didn't even know it was december until three o'clock yesterday 
ah ... so it's gonna be one of THOSE days ... 
thinks his rechargeable mouse has finally charged it's last charge . So long < PROPMALE > ... it's been a great 6 years , you will probably be the first and only electronic item I don't completely destroy after you die . No cremation for you , you will be buried in the backyard next to the cat 
When < PROPFEMALE > laughin at somethin funny and feel somethin warm and runny , diarrhea , diarrhea ... \ 
Littles boys are weird ... 
all this hype over Cataclysm has made me miss the days I truly got excited about video games ... oh well 
kinda wishes he still had the ol ' potato gun ... some irresponsibility and destruction is just what I could go for right now 
I'm am < PROPMALE>'s angry organs 
Does anybody else remember TGIF on ABC growing up ? I loved those shows 
Doesn't wanna wait for the bus ... he wants to be home where it's warm ... well ... warmer 
Every man is an island 
needs an adventure ... haven't been on any in TOO long 
Fairly successful day at work ... now to get home and play some games and have a drop 
Stop trying to console me , i'm inconsolable ! ~ Sid 
zBrush , you crazy ! 
\What happened to my grapes ? \ " \ 
the sun ... it's so amazing . AND it's downstairs ! My work day just got a little better 
\The first wars were fought over pussy ... now they're fought cuz we're dicks\ " ~ Jon ... I love my friends " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JvKGWWeT24\ 
Oh Shiny Toy Guns ... you are crazy 
AH MAN ! I'm gettin a Red Rider BB Gun for Christmas ! SUCKIT EVERYBODY ELSE !!! 
Getting charged 500 dollars for hospital shit that my insurance COVERS ! Why the fuck do things always get fucked up ? FUCK ! 
fuck you organs 
while staring at the < PROPFEMALE > last night I thought to myself , \this is a lot like looking at clouds ... at night \"" 
I think one of the most taunting feelings you could ever have is to be both hungry and full at the same time ... sigh ... 
Will be in the corner in the fetal position if you need him ... 
And just like that , the night started sucking 
is perpetually sick , and it sucks ... it seems that half a week after getting over my last 3 week long cold , I have caught my Dad's when I went home for Christmas ... I blame Jesus 
Hey Crab Man ! 
I know the saying is overused but ... Fuck my life ... seriously ... FUCk 
it feels good when you realize what used to take you a week , you can now do in a day ... making < PROPMALE > makes me happy 
Washing almost every single article of clothing I own ... wearin sweat shorts and a wife beater wishin I hadn't procrastinated doing laundry for almost two months ..... man I have a lot of clothes 
I think the only thing I really miss about cable is the History Channel ... learnin stuff about people who killed each other is fun 
I don't know why I'm so tired ... I got a decent amount of sleep 
Damn you spacechem !!! So good yet so hard ! Why do you tempt me so ? 
Sleepy 
Wants despirately to say something insightful and clever so he can get attention but ... can't ... 
Suspects that the time his body should have taken to make a good digestive system was instead spent on making the world's toughest liver 
\Well I'm not gonna make you do it unless it fits my agenda . \ " spoken like a true Egomaniac " 
anybody who graduated from Digipen . Is there a way to see what GPA you graduated with ? 
fuck you 
You claim the pain but where's the bruise ? Yeah i'm sure your heart is breaking too 
Torture ... that's what this is ... fingers crossed no hospital visit ... fuck 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ufck ufkcm cbgfgfsenjhbiagbw . jobnfg ; ionrh ; jk.be fhj , ve , jhqav fjhwvqfj , v r , mwehjrscesz , jq avmn sca <> jkd , n ed/c ; sd , senabmhgfakayWVBMczmerhjvbr , h hvsacbmswjgdafg , gtdfmnbsvvu w , jhk . uj , 
well it's official , I'm willing to do anything to get better or literally DIE trying . I'm getting put on a new med where I get to give myself injections twice a month . But that's not the fun part . The fun part is when he told me they THINK that when combined with my other medication it MAY have a much higher risk of causing cancer ... 
Is just going through the motions 
Brandt's plan for success : step one , drink . Step two , do stuff 
ah ... nothing like a phone call from the family to remind you that you have no dating prospects ... \I know you're sick and busy but have you been on any dates ? \ " ... ok they didn't say THAT specifically but that's pretty much the gist of it " 
sleep ... why do you hate me so ? 
so the longer my stomach hurts ... the more likely it will stop hurting soon ?... nope , optimism not workin today 
if there ever was a day that I needed it to be Mahones night ... it would be today 
\Time to drink until we don't feel stuff \"" 
My pouer is out ... and my phone is dieing ... soon I will be cut off from the outside world completely 
Fuck ... that is all 
well , was gonna go into work today ... but then last night happened ... haha . Next week then 
just lost at least half a day's work ... don't know what happened to the layer with my low poly model but I was dumb enough to lose it and save over the file ... fuck 
loss of blood ... my only weakness 
ah drinking with my single friends . Happy valentines day me , you're worth every second ... 
learned something new today . Epi-pens straight from the fridge hurt like a mother fucker ... I got to learn this lesson four times this morning 
my belly hurts from epi-pen assault and my body is wiped out from being drugged ... soon it will be time to go home have a bit of my preferred poison and all will be right with the world 
Vice's guide to travel is really awesome . Perspective makes me feel better ... because it makes me feel worse ? I don't understand it myself 
current favourite song ... now ... time for bed 
doesn't know if it's his meds giving him dry mouth or his mind convinced it needs to be intaking more liquid at this hour 
The only thing that makes sense , is that none of it makes any sense 
Just got on the bus ... fingers crossed I don't get stuck on it again for an ungodly amount of time 
is NSFW 
I hope my toe doesn't fall off ... it's cut and usually it would heal but my body no longer has the ability to perform such functions . So yeah , fingers crossed that the < PROPFEMALE > cut on my toe doesn't make my foot turn even more pale and fall off ... thank you modern medicine , you help SO MUCH 
Don't most of the levels of hell revolve around trying really hard to accomplish something only to fail eternally ?.... yeah 
So the Doctor's made very sure that I be trained in the < PROPMALE > of the epi-pen before I stabbed myself with it on my own . Then they proceed to give me syringes for my take home dosage ... Called them up saying that they didn't teach me how to use syringes .... The nurse didn't seem to think it would be much of a problem . So looks like I'll be winging it . Cuz what could go wrong ? Hahaha .... 
Super stoked to play with some blacklight fans tomorrow . Probably gonna get rocked at my own game , hahaha . 
\I don't wanna beat a dead horse ... oh no did I just accidentally talk about masterbating ? \"" 
Google , it would be convenient for me if you updated your weekend bus schedules ... sitting on a shopping cart is only novel for so long 
Poop ... I am filled with it 
\I know your not meaning to be 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you\ 
< PROPFIRST > , Brandt , < PROPMALE > , Callen , < PROPFIRST > Yeung\ 
Sweet ! I got the buff asian ! 
Some day ... maybe 
hunger ? or pain ? grrrr ... 
baking textures all day at work is like installing a computer game . You just stare at the screen wishing the bar would fill up faster ... except with a videogame you're excited about the prospect of playing a game where as right now , I'll just spend two more minutes of prep , then watch the next bar fill up ... I am in an excessive gamer's special level of hell 
Cuz i'm mister bright side 
Is it too soon to be needing a sabbatical ? Or would it still count as a gap year at my age ? Or maybe this is a premature mid-life crisis ... 
I know it's only been 2 and a half hours but it's already \been the worst day since yesterday\ " ... fuck ... bad news seems to be pouring down on me ... according to the people around me this is normal .................... somehow I doubt it " 
sad times ... my pants that finally stayed up without needing a belt are too big again which means I'm losing wait =( and before you say it , no I am not lucky that you are more fat than me ... 
I just realized that my plan to get rid of all the dating ads worked ... I just told facebook I was a widower . SUCK IT FACEBOOK ! 
Cold sweat , hot sweat , cold sweat , tired , pass out , wake up drenched in sweat burning up , become cold again , watch ten minutes of tv , become hot again , repeat\ 
oh and complain to the internet about having a fever should be somewhere in there . Thank you facebook , without you how else would I whine to all my friends about everything ? 
Is tired of feeling like shit ... 
I named him Waggleton P . Tallylicker . But I never got the < PROPMALE > to tell him . He will be remembered . 
I wish ... I wish , I were a fish 
Age is just a number ... one that KILLS ! 
fuck ... I just need to accept that some people are lucky ... and some people get routinely raped up the unwilling anus ... and I am not , nor will I ever be , the former 
\Sex is the neosporin of amore\ " go 3rd rock " 
in one week exactly I will be at the airport , waiting to take a flight to an adventure with some of my best friends ... this brings me joy 
Ooof my head ... I didn't even take my hat off before passing out on a friend's couch 
Double fisting my flasks ( thanks jenki and < PROPFEMALE > ) tonight , running on three hours of sleep , worked nine hours today , livin the good life 
It's sad to me that this is the most girls ove seen in one place in four years and the ratio is still 3 to 1 
anybody who says Sucker Punch was bad has no idea how to have fun . They should be herded into a rocket ship and launched into the sun so my world can be filled with more Movies that have : Steam Powered Nazi Zombies , Dragons , Assault Rifles , Orcs , Giant Samurai , Robots , and Mechs ... ALL IN THE SAME MOVIE !!! Seriously they should be kicked into a pit by Leonidas himself for their failure as a person 
Ah , just about home from work where there's a bottle of 151 and a two liter of coke just waitin for me 
\We all have no business having money\ " ~ Jon ... Truer words are rarely spoken " 
Can you here it ? Mahones is getting closer . 
probably stuck his foot in his mouth yet again ... I hate games , mostly cuz I lose at them 
So stoked to see my two oldest friends tomorrow ... oh and vegas should be cool too :P 
It's five o'clock somewhere right ? 
Round two starts ... NOW ! 
Sigh ... i'm having fun with my friends . But this really isn't my scene .... give me a fifth and netflix at my place with friends any day 
Oof , head ... hurt 
Well fuck ... 
And ... i'm back to 45 degree weather . 80 took a bit to get used to but at least there was sun 
