happy new year ! 

how do u do this ? 
oh no ! 
this song is stuck in my head ! 
goin to school !!! 
i like the clouds they'er pretty :) 
thanks makaila ! 
< PROPFEMALE > fair responsabilitys :( 
im ok now :) 
GO HAITI !!! 
Confused a bit ( understatement ) 
i dont want to go to school :( well oh well 
yes finally i got it ! 
ugh ! im soooooooooooo sleeeepy 
HOMEWORK . AMERICAN IDOL HAHAHAH ELLLENS ON ! 
no school yes ! 
ugh ! 
oh my god i just did something really bad and i dont know what ! 
its alllllllllll good < PROPMALE > whew ! 
its allllllllll good now wheew ! 
i have a < PROPMALE > headacke ! 
im wacthing the olympics at Vancourer , Canada go Canada ! i love u ! 
yes it finally started ! 
this is sick ! 
i love u canada ! 
that is sooooo funny ! 
fine i'll just take the old we r the world song ! 
happy valentines day everyone ! 
yupp i just had thee best dinner at my house ! yummmmm 
babysittin my sister . fun . 
waitin for my dad we had an appontiment nd if he dosent come then he's goin to pay :) 
i gotta calm everybody down in my house i'm like dr. philis ! 
yeah i just got out from piano lessons it was ........ im not going to say ! 
i finally got an album goin ! :) 
ugh ! homework 
oh man i just lookec at the < PROPFEMALE > and i knew what phase it was in in a second . i think i have a problem i cant stop myself from looking at the < PROPFEMALE > at night thinking tht i hav to do something for the < PROPFEMALE > packet ! ugh lol :) 
american idol is tomorrow ! 
american idol is today and its th girls frist ( of course ! ) and then wednesday will be the boys ! then thursday will be when they cut someone thts of :( :) 
i have to go to bed ! :( 
i loved todays second step ! :) 
today was so annoying ! in so may ways ! :) 
Amazing Grace ! 
goin to the dance ! ya ! 
that dance was the BEST ! [ NOT ] 
i love the weekends 
its snowing ! :) 
deleting pictures takes a lot out of you ! 
my neck hurts ! 
isinit supossed to by SUNday cause i dont see th sun 
i want to live somewhere else right now 
When is the English Language Arts hw is due ? 
dont forget ur 2 dollars people u know who u r ! lol 
OK common guys bring back my books seroiusly or i wont EVER let u borrow them again ! (Cassie T ) 
i love this month ! 
umm do we hav a meetin today ? for leaders of tomaro ? please anwser :) 
i just singing all day for 9HOURS straight :p 
wow tht orchestra was AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im sorry guys , i didnt get back to u :p 
wow im still on ! hahahha 
loves this bandage thts not doin a gd job :p 
i finished all my math homework in math class < PROPFEMALE > happy ! :) 
lookin for my solo song ! 
umm < PROPFEMALE > i cant use a calcultar ? ummm yes i can thank you 
yes ! we won ! ya ok teachers u can say tht you let use win you know u tryed very hard but anyway students's won ! 
oh my god this potential for a long day is killin me lol :) 
oh my godess i wont be comin to school 2maro hahaha i miss th placement test ! no ya umm i'll be at jambree rokin th violin ! wit makaila nd < PROPMALE > nd breonna nd other people ! 
back from jamboree ! yay 
singing on the bus was awesome i totally loved today ! :) 
notice tht when its a nice day everyones happy and whn its not a nice day everybody is mad ! i ADORE summer ! :) 
had a awesome performance thing at < PROPMALE > hall ! i saw mr. library teacher at < PROPMALE > baker ! almost didn't recognize him ! :) 
had a oh happy day ! 
health class yaaaa soooo if all tests were like tht ummm everyone would pass 
i just love how boys can reach high notes whn thr not supposed to i dont think its right ! personally ( hahahah lol ) 
yes my ipod is fixed ! 
im soooo tired ! 
i love practice 2day ! not ! 
i feel soooo bad ! 
u know i dont like it whn ur basement floods :( 
it's a good friday whn theres no school :) 
well i cant help falling in lovvvvvveee witttttthhhh yooooouuu ! :) 
working on my vocabulary ! :) 
shavea shavea everybody say shavea shavea ! 
im never going to wash my sweat shirt again ! 
i have soooo much done now i feel safe not worried i dont think i will fail the th grade anymore i think :) 
' s fave singer of the day < PROPMALE > Groban 
:( i didnt get to c the New World Symphony last night cant go @3 cause i dont have a ride . welll theres always youtube right ? 
good morning Baltimore ! 
twin day ! 
high honors ! 
just saw the squeal of < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks 
nice day outside huh ? 
In New York , Concrete jungle where dreams are made of , Theres nothing you can’t do , Now you’re in New York , These streets will make you feel brand new , The lights will inspire you , Lets here it for New York cause im goin there ! :) 
wacthin solitary nd feel sorry for these people but thy asked for it :) 
Love my family ! 
The Belleus family is soooooo big ! 
I got new boots ! 
Watching wrestling ? Ya i kno :) 
picture day 2maro :) 
tennis game 2maro 
no game i messed up 
QUOTE OF THE DAY : its never something huge tht changes everything but instead the tiniest of details , completely tweaking the balance of the universe while you're busy focusing on the big picture . :) 
the sound dondrae made just before we were dismissed :) 
the sound dondre made just before we were dismissed :) 
QUOTE OF THE DAY : there are alot of people in the world . no one ever sees everything the same way u do ; it just doesnt happen . so whn u find one person who gets a couple of things , especially the important ones ..... you might as well hold on to thm . :) 
ok lets not post disgusting things on my wall ok ? 
< PROPFIRST > at tennis on friday on the bus : What r u listening to ? white music ? < PROPFIRST>'s words not mine . 
wow 
homework no tennis wht is up wit tht ? 
its raining 
i thought tht i was only person who sang amzing grace th way i do . now i feel like a total copier but i didnt kno 
i've got fur < PROPFEMALE > down im sooooo happy :) 
did we have to do th social studies hw ? 
ahaaaaahaaha we won :) ( in tennis ) 
my computers slowww . 
solo ensambull 2maro 
i think i made th most safe decision 2day after school . 
umm jst at home doing nothing important . 
we are gardening ! 
good night ! 
tennis was bad ...... but we were close 
wht was the question on th social studies paper homework for the video ? 
im good now 
wow my instrument didnt come 2day nd im not happy 
one more day of macas nd i will be done ! 
its here and im soooooooooooooooooooo happy it sounds sooooooooo good ! i love my new victoryette ! 
lay all ur love on me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
when is the 8th grade concert ? 
hes gone 
tonight the super trouper lights are gonna find me shining like the sun , smiling having fun , feeling like a number 1 :) 
i am the voice of ur hunger and pain . 
remember : its the smallest things tht change big things in ur life :) 
we have taken matters into our own hands 
whoever invented the bed and the shower ...... I LOVE YOU 
glass violin ........ i want u !!!!!! 
the best lunch EVER !!! :) 
to much homework ! 
if u cant trust thn u cant be trusted 
have u noticed tht th sky is WHITE ! and not blue ? 
oh its getting bluer 
i left my instrument at school hope it doesn't get crushed :( 
ummm i love basshunter ? 
theres so many things going on and the year is going to fast for my taste . slow it down a notch would u time ? 
quick look outside its orange !!!!! the sky i mean 
Tht meeting was fun 
New paint 
i just painted my hands with glue to reanact wht happened in the 2 and 3 grade 
wht other thn the math do we have for hw 
to much too do 2nite 
if i was forced to play an intrusment in the band i wolud play the trumpet , or the saxaphone . or the flute 
is thinking about the trip 2maro 
importing pictures from the 8th grade trip ! 
how amazing chemicals are 
everyones pictures 
eyelashes keep on getting into my eye 
nobody noticed my hair :( 
the concert the concert was on my mind or is :) CUZ IT WAS AWESOME !!!! liike we put the awe in awesome it was < PROPFEMALE > good :) good night :) 
my throat is like parched ! 
rainstorm 
different psychology fields 
to much 
i feel like the sun is pointed right at me ! 
quick wht are the questions mr. miller gave us on the four paragraphs due 2maro ? please answer ! 
i dont wnt to cause trouble . 
whts going to happen 2maro 
dont forget to wear ur blue class shirts 2maro ! 
high school 
the sun 
canada ! 
canada is hot hot hot ! 
im not sleepy 
heyjude dont be afraid take a sad song and make it better rememeber to let her into ur heart then u can starty to9 make it beeeeeeettttttter . 
basshunter 
water 
im going to get heat stroke 
heat 
no its < PROPFEMALE > hot its not even funny 
i NEED to start running . 
rain 
juno 
i better find ur love i better find ur heart 
i want to be a billionaire 
has shiver by < PROPFIRST > desman stuck in her head :) 
its raining pretty hard like wow 
nothing 
i want to get out of here 
exploration 
the fact tht when u think of a funny senario but cant tell ur friends becasue it sounds funny only to u in ur head 
i have a cold :( 
i cant stop worrying !!!!..................................... ( dont kno if i spelled tht right ) 
:( 
what is the best field hockey stick can i get ? 
whoever told me tht snoop dogg was 60 was wrong he's 38 
i need a trim 
I'm gonna take it all like , I'm gonna be the last one standing , I'm alone and all I , I'm gonna be the last one landing 
babysitting again thinking about getting payed to do this 
babysitting , watching a movie and ...... we'll c 
im tried and i have to babysit andand i cant even think striaght i can tell tht today is going to be a GREAT day 
OH MY GOD 
isnt shaq th one tht has the broken back ? 
wacthing sercert life and saw the step up in 3d it was AWESOME !!! 
people are < PROPFEMALE > annoying . 
wht is tht song called ? 
* Red = I love you . * Pink = your cute . * Green = your funny . * Orange = I like you . * White = I used to like you . * Yellow = your amazing . * Black = I hate you . * Blue = friends4 ever . * Purple I don't know youthat well * ... ... Gold = your sweet :) 
i got my hair done and its curly ! :) 
everybodys here and theres more coming ! 
home alone ! soooo quite :) 
i want to get my nails done . 
my cuz's are here yay yay ! 
have a cold again going home tomaro 
putting back all my songs on my ipod 
cause baby tonight the dj got us falling in love again so dance dance ..... :P 
i got these cute shoes today :) ! 
playing field hockey today felt soooooooo good it was fun ! and i just painted my nails PINK ! SEABREEZE ! is the kind of bus im going to be taking more often . 
should i call them ? 
i dont get it 
my back hurts :( 
i want a good pillow for christmas not th ones were u bye thm and thn there good for like 2 weeks and thn there flat i need neck support ! 
this is taking forever ! and i havent started my summer homework yet im going to fail * sigh * 
field hockey 
buses 
oh my gosh they did not just leave me here ! :( 
i hope nothing really bad will happen tomaro ! 
< PROPMALE > was like tht time at school where it supoose to be a snow day but was really a rain day 
im really starting to freak 2 days till school starts and i still havent started my summer hw ! well ........ finished 
panic attack 
i just changed my honors class to a regular class and i dont kno if thy will let me 
he wont email me back ! really panicking i might get sick 
nauset was great ! homework already filed hockey 2maro starting again ummm hey guys ? we're in high school now ya i kno ! 
what is a control group ? 
i thnk im starting to get a headache 
lil derial :) 
im soooooooo happy right now ! 
i cant do this science thing its < PROPFEMALE > confusing whatever i'll just do wht i can and she will have to deal with it sorry 
im finished ! yay :) 
im hungry 
this is unbelievable 
fml 
ugh nothing good 
almost fell asleep in < PROPFEMALE > class 
how do u do screen shot again ? 
oh happy day ! 
i left my violin at school and thts about it hope it doesnt get stolen 
who else is running for secretary 
glee 
new favorite artist : Shontelle 
i love this world ! im so happy :) 
western civ hw 
people in french 2 honors ! when is the poem due ? 
just want to tell some people and u kno how u are tht telling people not to be someones friend is kind of a from of bullying so u should stop 
Copy this intoyour status and see what people rate you . ? Red = I love you . ? Pink = your cute . ...? Green = your funny . ? Orange = I like you . ...? White = I used to like you . ...? Yellow = your amazing .? Black = I hate you . ? Blue = friends 4 ever . ? Purple = I want you 
today is world smile day ! so smile everybody :) 
life is good :) 
why r people < PROPFEMALE > mean ? 
i hate french 
i kno someone who plays the bagpipes and his name is < PROPFIRST > Daytime and he lives in an other state 
when does polka < PROPFEMALE > day start ? 4 spirit week ? 
has homecoming on her mind 
i just put heat in my house tht was the first sign of fall :( but on the bright side there is only ..... 76 days till christmas :) 
science report ahhhhh 
OH MY GOD ! i just found out tht i have a square face all this time i thought an oval 
i hate having colds 
mood : happy\ 
things tht made today great :\ 
i dont have a cold anymore ( thanks to chorus)\ 
i didnt get yelled at in science\ 
and all-in-all it was a good day :) 
mood : hapy :) :) 
curls i love curls :) 
i love Oprah :) 
the sky is red ! 
some people are creepss like woah 
here's my advice for the world :\ 
dont tell someone u love them if u dont really kno them because they will take it seriously even if u were joking especially if they dont speak the same language as u 
i dont have any D's any more ! \ 
oh happy day ! :) 
can't talk ugh\ 
< PROPFEMALE > hard not to talk 
the discovery of the x-ray 
danse ! boogie wonderland ! :) 
im such a bad friend :( 
93 on my math test ! yes ! :) 
totally gonna fail all-cape 
all cape is done its allll good ( hopefully) ! 
whn is the nauset vs . dy game strt 2maro ? 
oh my god ! they use the new world symphony in glee ! wow :) 
have a good vacation everybody ! 
happy thanksgiving ! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SENIOR DISTRICTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
cracking ur back is not good isnt it ? 
brb 
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world\ 
Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love \ 
Like I'm the only one who knows your heart \ 
Only girl in the world ... :) goodnight everybody ! :) 
still have to make tht cake 
my throat hurts :( 
getting ready for the second concert :) 
lunar eclipse tonight , dont forget to wake up at 3am :) 
A in geometry ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! everyone :) 
one word : worried 
im feelin better now 
this has been a really nice day hope to go and get my fav ice cream :) thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! :) 
have to get ready for 2morw 
Senior districts was SOP much fun and I got my tide to go :) 
i'll tag people later 
So much to do in so little time ! :p 
today is 01-11-11 :) 
the fact tht im getting my hair done tomorrow and that i didnt really get all-state rec and the fact tht nxt year is just going to be a lot better and maybe i'll do even better :) life moves on peps :) 
i have a mute now ! :) \ 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! ( and cathie)haha 
i dont know wht to do right now and its making me angry :( 
i have this all under control now :) 
i saw Mr. Shar from conposeing kids :) 
was trying to make online flashcards and couldnt so she gave up 
i have made my mind , and i'm currently downloading it . 
is watching american idol and is very frustrated with my computer :( ugh 
<3 the office very funny :) 
lost my phone again 
shower . american idol . lil hw . sleep 
american idol peops . 
im actually watching the super bowl :) 
just love it when people twist my words and make it sound like i mean something i dont 
makeing crepes for french class 
american idol in 3 mins :) 
:) not happy things 
i really hope it stops raining 
Gettin ready for Pops ! :) .... i stilll want tht t-shirt though :( :) 
its nice outside , the school day was short and everything doing great except for the things tht are doing not so well . :) 
so much to do this week ! huh 
let the rain wash away , all the pain of yesterday , and while my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home coming home tell the world that I'm coming home <3 
i really don't know which animal i should do my science project on , please help 
don't you just love it when the weather goes bipolar ? 
some people are just really weird so the only way to deal with them is to be weird back 
bad things haha jk ok ya today was fun was at dy . met some friends . sang a buncha songs and oh got ran over by < PROPFEMALE > Fowler and < PROPFEMALE > 
sleep . then school for 2 blocks . then dy till our concert at 7 . anybody can come :) 
i want a highlighter that can erase itself :( 
