Had a great time last night at Alexanders party , now Im on the road to recovery . 

Helpin Tysonian make a Facebook . 
Ive got 2 tests this week . Anatomy and Trig . Anatomy test tomorrow over chapters 1-4 . Theres enough material in chapter 1 to make 2 tests lol . 
Rocked my Anatomy test , Im kinda pissed at how easy it was since I spent 4 days studying for it . My Trig studying was kinda neglected , I just finished my Trig test so we will see how it goes I guess . 
Gotta do an Anatomy Lab . Peace ( but not literally lol ) 
3 tests on tues , wed , & thur . 2 of which are for Anatomy , 1 for Trig . I hate summer ... I cant wait until the fall semester starts because its gonna be a huge blow off compared to summer . 
Took my Anatomy Lab test and my Trig test . Time will tell . In the meantime I have a lot of homework and assignments , and then an Anatomy chapter test tomorrow . 
Just finished a Sociology essay on college rape culture at fraternities . I still have to memorize a math chart and memorize every bone in the human body for a lab exam in Anatomy . 
Took my bone and structure identification test . Went OKAY , now taking a Soc . test . Anatomy test is 2 days . 
Tues . -Trig . Test and Soc . Final Wed . -Anatomy Final Thurs . -Trig . Final Fri . -Leave for Chicago for PCAT review courses 
I got an A in Anatomy , an A in Soc ., and I'm still waiting on Trig . However , Im a little uneasy thanks to me getting a new Trig . teacher half way through the semester . Apparently they have different ideas over what Unit 1 and 2 were over . 
Im now secretary of our school's PTK chapter . Woot . 
I MADE GPA THIS SUMMER ! WOOOOOOOOH ! Apparently I didn't WASTE 8 weeks on summer classes lol . Anatomy , Trig , and Soc- A , B , A . 
Well , that sucked . Spent Friday/Saturday/Sunday inside a Chicago hotel . I spent Saturday and Sunday doing 9 hour classes for review . I only got about 10 hours of sleep the entire weekend , and with 9 hour class periods its amazing Im still awake now . lol . 
Im adjusting to life without school just fine ... just fine indeed . 
Got a PTK meeting , then its time to study for the PCAT . 
Well , Im now Overlord of our PTK chapter . Did I say Overlord ? I meant President . ( awkward laugh ) 
Back to studying . 
Thanks everyone . I was surprised enough to hear everybody tell me that at school today lol . 
Online calculus already seems HARD , and now I have a night organic lab to go to from 6-9 . That not the worst though , my organic chemistry CLASS is from 6pm-10pm ( already dozes off ) . 
Ive gotta get my crap together . I keep falling behind ! Wednesdays suck too . Not looking forward to it . 
I don't like my tagged pictures . I look like a beached whale . I was in water for 75% of those pictures , even when on land I was wet . 
Must ... do ... homework ... 
Well , took a Organic chem test tonight . Felt like it went okay ... but that might have been the 16 oz Redbull .... or the resulting crash . Anywho , I also got my calculus done before midnight , and I have a physics test tomorrow . I REALLY need to do Anatomy though .... one of these days .... 
Physics test today was ... its to tough to call . Felt alright , but at the same time Im never confident with my work , so who knows . Anatomy quiz now , Physics class tomorrow , Anatomy lectures and other homework afterwards tomorrow ( God willing ) . Im also working this weekend . I hate flu shot season , especially when I'm the only Tech . working .... for 9 hours . 
So Meigooni ... you thought I wouldn't be able to finish my calculus homework before midnight , huh ? Well you were wrong ! I am far to epic ! 
Got a bad week coming up this week . Two tests on Wednesday . One being an online calculus test , which I cant squeeze 2 hours to take it into the day . 
Gotta study !!!!!!! 
Damn first years gettin me hooked on facebook again ... IVE GOT WORK TO DO !!! 
So pissed off right now . I worked myself to the bone today , come home from my 4 hour organic class and immedietly take a Calculus test I studied for all day yesterday and whenever I could today . I got screwed on some damn technicality . You have to enter those answers juuuuuust right . 
Damn ... Im so angsty right now . Still , Im incredibly relieved to be done with this week from hell . Ive got to be more prepared in the future . I think Im finally starting to find my rhythm with this school year . 
The world can be so ironic , ya know ? Still ... I can't help but feel that it's all about balance . 
....... Hmmmmm ..... I'm feeling pensive . 
Damn ... Ive got more crap to do before work tomorrow . Like calculus for one , Anatomy for two . Organic and Physics can wait . 
Anatomy lab exam and lecture exam tomorrow . As if my total lack of preparedness weren't enough already , me being there from 10am to 10pm is really going to piss me off . 
Itss so dark out tonight . The clouds are blocking out the stars , and I wonder if the < PROPFEMALE > is even trying too shine tonight . When its this dark , the town looks completely different . I almost feel homesick about it . 
Not a bad afternoon , havent seen my cousin in like ... 5 years . 
.......... 
Well , congratulations world . Its 4 AM and my butt has been throughly kicked . I've still got a little bit of fight left in me though , and Im gonna use it to kick you right back . 
Alright , tomorrow is the PCAT and I had 0 time to study since I had 3 tests this week . So all I can do is hope I picked up new things from Calculus and Organic that I can use and walk in there in top form . Need sleep . 
Okay , I took my PCAT , got my flu shot , and I have work tomorrow for 8 hours . Im overworked during shot season I swear to god . Still , with so many tests out of the way , including the PCAT , I feel sooooo much better . 
Quite a day at the lounge today . It never gets old . 
You know what ?! Music rocks ! If I get the right song goin , I can make Calculus my bi- ... 
Horroscopes , Tarrots , People , Places ..... everything is telling me to deviate from my schedule today and just kinda wing it . Sounds like a bad idea , but it is tempting ..... 
Well , my night sucked . Now Ive got to make some very difficult decisions about tomorrow . 
Busy busy busy ! 
Okay .... need to do Calc .... and other things ..... ( pulls hair out ) . 
Eul me up boys , it's calculus time . 
Well , the basement flooded again . Second time in 3 days . Right after I opened a calc assignment . This is not very funny . 
People sometimes underestimate the depths of my cowardice . I knew I shouldnt have watched that damn zombie movie , Im all freaked out . 
I did it .... I finished all my calculus ... I was behind by 4 assignments .... but I .... ( falls asleep at keyboard ) . Now I can take my test tomorrow ( instead of Wednesday ) ..... and go over Anatomy ... and Chemistry ..... Its test week in all of my classes . At least Physics is Thursday . 
Alright , I think I'm hitting my stride here . This week totally sucks , but I know I can handle it ! I'll destroy all these tests ! 
I don't ask for much . Truth be told I'd settle for a life less frightening . 
After this week from hell , tonight is my night . 
Work tomorrow ..... need Hot Tamales ....... 
Time to get back to homework , enough slackin . 
Just finished my anatomy lab exam , pretty sure I kicked butt . Ive gotta finish my organic homework before my 4 hour class tonight though . 
Dude .... meh . 
Calculus ? I guess ... 
Going to < PROPMALE > for the food drive I guess . Might as well LOOK like Im a capable President lol . 
As I lie in bed , reflecting on the epic wrestling and pillow fighting of today . I realize there is no word in the english language potent enough to describe it , so I shall make one up . Sexy-licious . Some days ... are just worth living lol . 
c'est la vie 
Whoooaaaaa .... this isnt good 
Why is it Im severely behind schedule , incredibly busy all the way until finals , and yet I feel so relieved ? Heh , well maybe Im just funny like that . 
Livin in the present I guess . 
Cant believe Im missing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s show for calculus . 
UFC fight night was fun , but the highlight was being thrown out of Meijer by those selfish pricks lol . 
I feel like punishing myself today ... I know ! Ill do physics ! ( gags ) 
AFI- Rabbits are Roadkill on Rt . 37 . Tell your friends . 
In the ghetto ! 
Breadline tomorrow and Ive already been shorted 3 people . Blah . Chemistry lab after . Blah . 
Its fricken late , Ive gotta work tomorrow . 
Sleep . 
Damn I have loved not having to work today , and Im not going to be working again until like January . Im scared I might never go back lol . 
Drove home while it was snowing . While I was driving I saw crops still growing and birds flying everywhere . Seemed so out of place . Is it really December ? 
Puma strike ! 
Today is the last day before final grades are due , and Im still waiting for Organic Chemistry . However , my tarot today really thinks it isnt going to go very well . I dont usually believe in that stuff but lately its been scarily accurate lol . 
Am I missing something with all the pokemon profile pics ? Theyre everywhere ! 
............... 
I dont know what to do with myself lately . Vacation sucks and I have nothing to look forward to right now . 
Back to work tomorrow . Time to sleep . Im already worried about going back to school -.- 
My sleeping schedule has been terrible lately . Ive got so much thinking to do , but I dont do my best thinking at dark . 
So guess who I bumped into at work today . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > B . It was a good day to start working again . Pretty cool guys , and pretty damn funny too . 
First day is past . Tomorrow will be my 12 hour day . Meh . 
Oprah dont churn no butter . 
Tik Tok on the clock 
* yawn * 
Watching Almost Heroes at < PROPFIRST > s with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . 
I hate my sister ( kills self ) . 
I am kickin my homeworks ASS right now . I need to worry about recalling this information come test time , but Im going through this crap pretty quick . 
Man tomorrow is my 12 hour school day and it is gonna SUCK ! Especially because I gotta be up early tomorrow and I cant get to sleep because I kinda stayed up until 4 AM the last 4 days . Oops . 
< PROPFIRST > has a balla laser pointer . Its GREEEEEEEEEEN ! 
Wow , Im behind again .... god damn . Once Im in the clear Im up to my neck again . 
Exhausted .... soooo tired .... I F***in hate school . Ive gotta take a Calc . test tomorrow but I still have so many questions I need answered . And the tutor center only gives you 15 minutes of time a night , assuming they even get to you . So I wont get those answers in time . Not to mention all the assignments I have to do before Tuesday . 
MOTHA F***IN 100% ON MY CALC TEST !!!!!! And I finished earlier than I thought , not Ive got plenty more time to devote to other homework . Less stress for tomorrows 12 hour school day . 
Its physics time again 
Organic . 
So tired , last couple days have sucked . But I dont want to fall behind again . 
Ha ha ha .... ha ha ha ha .... 
Just got back from Edge of Darkness . I wish < PROPMALE > Gibson was my dad !!! 
Gotta sleep , gonna be soooo damn busy tomorrow . 
Gotta get up early for work tomorrow .... someone better call me because I wont get up by choice . My sleep schedule has sucked lately . 
Well .... its 9:30 pm . Id better start painting my face now if Im going to be ready in time for the super bowl . 
Organic test tomorrow . Its killing time ... 
Hmmm .... Bioshock 2 ..... Not as good as the first one .... 
FML 
........... curse you comcast ! They must hate online classes . 
Just got a new suit today for my interview . Not to shabby , I hope the final product looks good . 
Finished .... preparations .... for tests ..... gonna .. go-(snore ) 
Its test night ! 
Damn son .... if organic chemistry were as easy as calculus Id be Acing that crap too . And I aced my Econ test too ( surprisingly ) . 
Wolfman .... Some REALLY good slasher scenes . 
Well .......... crap . 
I just keep getting dumber and dumber ~~~ 
Got a test tonight !!!! And organic quiz tomorrow !!!! Drastically underprepared for both and I still need interview practice !!! 
That was some interview . I mean , wow . Now Ive gotta catch up with school again since I spent so much time preparing . 
Man , when I woke up today . I just felt so damn amazing . Sleep just kinda rebooted me . Even I didnt realize how much stress Ive been under recently . Now I just feel so great . 
Christ , Ive got a lot packed into this week before break , but wont break just feel so damn good when it gets here ? 
Maaaaan , tomorrow is gonna suck . Not to fond of Wednesday either . 
Orgaqnic test tomorrow ! Wish me luck .... or stay out of my way !!!!! lol 
Well , Ive prioritized everything except calculus . Now Ive got 5 assignments to do today . 
............. Why the fuck do I have 2 tests during Spring Break ?! 
Ha ! Facebook ! 
Damnit ! Just fucked up that stupid Econ test I got over spring break . Its my teacher's fault for giving it such a stupid format ! 
Freaknik ! 
Getting ready for these interviews sucks , and even worse is keeping grades up simultaneously . 
100% on Calc test . Finished a 3 hour test in one hour . 
Another 100% Calculus test . 
Tomorrow is a statistics test , followed by Organic homework . The rest I'm going to try to sideline until I get back from Colorado . 
Okay , that stats test sucked . I guess thats the calculated risk you take when you get a take home test . 
Leaving for the airport soon , I havent flown in years . Not excited about it . 
I keep drifting in and out of consciousness . I really WANT to sleep . On the bright side , Colorado is an hour behind Illinois , so it feels like I just found burried treasure . Another hour of sleep before my interview ! 
Man , time has been going so slowly lately . Ive got schoolwork to do . I feel like I spent a week in Colorado , not 2 days . Im spent . 
Time for homework I guess . Its been hard to think about doing homework with all these college interviews .... honestly I want them to end lol . 
Walk Hard : < PROPMALE > Cox and Superbad . Thank you FX for making my homework more enjoyable lol . 
I got into Purdue !!! This is really good for me ! 
Oh my god this Calculus is excrutiatingly long . Every assignment is just so ridiculously complicated . I can do it , but why does it have to require such a huge time investment ? Especially when I have a Chemistry test next week . 
Dont wanna fall behind . I wish I could hear back from SIUe soon , then I could justify dropping Physics a lot easier . 
Gotta be ready for this chem test . This is what I call .... the \money test . \ " Make it or break it ! " 
Okay , who else caught the new South Park about Facebook ? Pretty damn funny am I right ? lmao 
God damn Econ . test had my heart punding . C'MON EXTRA CREDIT ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Gaffigan's Beyond the Pale .... again . All I do when I do online calculus is listen to comedians . That's the secret to my success . ( whispers ) 98% ~~~ 
Its official , I dropped Physics . 
Omg , Southpark was awesome 
Lately my life has been slowing down a lot . I feel like its making me more insightful , and knowing that I'm expanding my logic and reason ; I also can't help but feel more powerful . 
Homework time ? Calc 2 and Econ are today ! 
That Friday off was amazing for my schedule . Im finally almost caught up with all my work . 
Anyone who says Im not working hard is a damn liar , check out the time of this post lmao . Just finished all my Econ . homework . 
Caramelldansen ? Yes , yes I do . 
Gotta catch'em all ! 
Ugh .... Ive got so much on my mind right now . 
This statistics test is to damn hard !!!! 
Man .... some people ..... work today was not fun 
If anybody has taken statistics before ... then please seek me out . I need someone to check my work !!! 
Okay ... Ive really gotta start working on calculus again . Im falling behind ! Organic test on Friday though , thats gonna be the WORST . 
Organic test tomorrow , time to study hard . I might be meeting with a group later . 
Its pretty much all downhill from here , try and keep up ! 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for their win at Battle of the Bands ! Use this momentum guys ! 
2 shots of jager , < PROPFEMALE > , 4 < PROPFEMALE > hits man , beer ....... cheeseburger 
Hahahahahaha ....... that cieling pipe in the basement burst again . I wish it would have held out until summer vacation . What horrible timing . 
If finals are next week , why the hell do I have to take 3 of them this weekend ? 
I dont know when < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > posted Warbringer on their Myspace , but thank you . I'll use it to get psyched up when I take my Calc 2 final tonight lol . 
Aced my Calc . 2 final . I got a 99% in the entire class . Is that an A+ ? lol I hope the rest of my finals go smoothly . 
Just found out that < PROPMALE > Bros . is making a sequel to The Dark Knight , where Christian Bale will reprise his role as Batman/Bruce < PROPMALE > , where he will face off against The Riddler . The best news is that < PROPMALE > Chappelle is being cast as The Riddler . Welcome back < PROPFIRST > , we've missed you !!! 
Statistics final is done . Im either gonna take Economics tonight or tomorrow . After that Ive got nothing to do except study for my Organic Chem . final on Wednesday . 
Econ . Final now complete . Looks good . All thats left is to take on the final boss . I'm lookin at you Organic Chemistry . See you Wednesday . 
Need to work on my stupid honors portfolio before I can sleep . Organic final was a beast . 
Exhausting week , pretty fun . Still , why is the only thing on my mind that stupid Organic Chem . grade ? Oh yeah , my future . 
Got my organic chemistry grade . Onward to Purdue ! 
Days like this remind me why I hate summer vacation .... 
Hahahaha .... now that Im out of school I feel like Im slowly losing my mind . My lack of social skills and a life is becoming even more apparent . 
Stayed up the whole night .... hope I manage to stay awake until tonight . 
At 5:30 in the morning .... Tyson drove me all over the neighborhood looking for Balto because we heard a howling . Exhausting , but fun lol . 
So its finally May 27 .... I never look forward to this day . It's always so sad . I miss you everyday sis . 
Still hating summer ..... 
NEET ~ NEET ~ Im so NEET ~ ..... 
-Oh my god ! I found a penny ! \ 
-You bastard ! 
Going to work tomorrow for the first time in .... who knows how long . I hope I remember how to do my job .... and that I can wake up on time lol . 
Time to get ready for school . I hope it gives me some kind of ... purpose ? This summer has been pretty boring . 
Im suddenly realizing that I'm going to be in summer classes for 8 weeks . Summer classes are tough and it's going to go by so fast . Once those 8 weeks are over its already going to be time for me to leave .... it kinda sucks . 
..... Real life is scary ...... 
This morning I woke up when my mother called me from Florida telling me my grandmother is at the hospital in the ICU . 
It's been a while sincei laughed so hard .... probably 10 years lol 
Tell me whats the difference between love and lust ? Because I love the love , but I'm in love with lust . 
Fun time . Nuff said . 
Microbiology sucks . Test tomorrow . 
Killed that test , knocked it out in about 10 minutes . First one done . <3 Professor Robinson ! 
I think I learned something tonight . Maybe re-learned something .... its important to me , so I hope I dont forget it again . 
Does the whole world really function around hypocrisy ? Or just humanity ? Because I really feel like Im contributing .... 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s dance recital . Will be the second time Ive seen it . 
There's only 2 things in this world that I hate . People who are intolerant of other people's cultures , and the DUTCH ! 
I was raised on the dairy , bitch . 
Whoever invented rope was a real A-hole . 
Great , \ 
surprise dentist appointment . If I have any surprise cavities I might\ 
kick someone in the chest . I might be less pissed off if the guy wasnt 45\ 
minutes away . 
No cavities !!! Woot ! College is slowly killing my body , I went all my life without cavities until I started college then I got hit with a ton . Didnt even need any fillings redone . 
They are remaking The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time for their new handheld system the Nintendo 3DS . Remember the Water < PROPFEMALE > ? For those of you who never played , I present you with this definition from Urban Dictionary : \Water < PROPFEMALE > - Considered by many to be the equivalent to a complete rectal examination . \ " Now imagine something that difficult .... on a handheld . I lol'd . /End rant . " 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Stone , you're so smoooth . 
It was < PROPFIRST > Hopkins , and Sloan Kettering , and they were blazing that shit up every day . 
I got the Kavorka , < PROPFIRST > . 
If you don't like your job , you don't strike ! You just go in every day , and do it really half assed . That's the American way . - < PROPMALE > Simpson 
I was sleeping and didn't even realize it ... this is gonna make it really hard to get to work tomorrow morning .... 
Im surrounded by delusional fools and selfish idiots ..... Im literally shaking with rage right now . 
Finished biology test . Expecting an A . Honestly I'm barely trying in this class , it makes me feel kinda guilty seeing everyone else having trouble with it .... 
I figured Id post something on my wall , then all the things I considered saying seemed either stupid or pointless . When did my life become so boring ? Oh right , when I started high school . Downhill slope ever since . 
Thank god today is Thursday , no more Micro until Tuesday . 
Rage . Nothing but rage . 
New coffee machine .... this fall Im gonna have classes at 7:30 in the morning . A wise investment . 
Soooo tired , got no sleep . Can't wait to use coffee machine again .... lol 
Im starting to fall behind in personal affairs . Gotta maintain ... but I have a test this Thursday . 
No , its called prosturtunity . 
How have so many people not heard of Dr. Horrible ? Fuckin google it ! 
Im tired , woke up early to deal with cable people , and they are ofcourse late . 
All of my friends appear to be absent lately , but thats okay because Ive been doing a lot of reading . Im really enjoying myself , but its hell in THIS house . Nothing pisses me off more than being interrupted . -.- 
Freakin exhausted after sight seeing in DC , but Mairon's family is amazing and very kind , so I'm healing quickly lol . And hearing that my parents are waiting and getting ready for me to come home feels good too . 
Damn Chilean food is amazing , and their parties are ridiculous XD lol . 
Sometimes life is about adventure . I feel like I'm living again . I only know good people , and I'm glad that they share it with me . 
Now beginning the 14 hour drive back to Springfield . We miss you already Mairon ! 
Master Shake : There once was a lonely little dart . And all the other darts made fun of him . But this dart was no ordinary dart for he was filled with a mixture of 10ccs Telazol and Diazepam , a dangerous tranquilizer used by equine veternarians . 
Hmmm ... mediocre job on that last test . Probably a B , but the class is still an Easy A . 
My haircut sucks . Makes me look like a tool . I shoulda had < PROPFEMALE > do it !!! 
Finals week . One of my last tasks before leaving . 
Finals are done . Think I gotta go in to work this weekend , hopefully this will be the last time they screw me over before I leave . 
< PROPFIRST > Stone , you're so smooth . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s new CD .... awesome . 
I said that I'd fight back , I never said that I'd fight fair . 
I'm about to take it from zero .... to < PROPMALE > ! 
You're reading this because I'm making you . Your mind is my puppet . 
Started wearing contacts again . Not bad , I expected to have more trouble with them after so long . 
Well , I leave tomorrow . 
How is Purdue ? It's okay . I haven't started school yet so I don't really know what my new life is like yet . 
Orientation from hell tomorrow , and the next day . 
Today at orientation we were supposed to get to know the person next to us . I heard the guy in front of me ask some girl \So ..... what's your favorite hurricane ? \ " I nearly pissed myself lol " 
Thanks for the wishes guys , it was a rough day , but I'll start my first day of real class tomorrow . Wish me luck ? 
The difficulty of class is one thing , but their grading is absurd lol . One of my classes will only be out of 200 points . That can be really good or really bad ... lol 
I can already tell Bio Chem is gonna be the class to beat lol . 
I go out to eat . Get back to my dorm . Then the fire alarm goes off . Great timing on my part /sarcasm . How are surprise drills to the best benefit of students anyway ? I've got bio chem to do ! 
I hate the start of school . I have all these assignments that need to be done , but I don't know enough yet to complete them . I feel lazy . 
So the techies finally caught the guy who was using my desktops IP and were gonna ban him from the network so I'd have Internet . Problem is they banned me by mistake . They need administrator approval to fix ... waiting ... 
Bio Chem quiz tomorrow . Someone gather my bones after . 
Fuck you bio chem .... grrrrrr 
Fumbles O'Brian . That is my jam for today . For some reason when I listen to that song I kick Bio . Stats . ass . 
Are we sure I'm in Indiana and not Korea ? 
Fuuuuuuck , gotta study . 
Fuck yeah popcorn shrimp ! How have I celebrated labor day without you ?! 
Whoooooaaaaa ..... I've got a busy week . 
Today is gonna suck . Sooooo much shit to do . 
Damn you tongue holes ! Curry is so spicy !!! 
My first pharmacy test tonight . This week is sucking pretty hard lol . Let's hope this test goes smoothly , turns everything around . 
Bio Chem quiz tomorrow . No 7:30 am classes tomorrow , thank god . I remember when I used to stay up until 3 am ..... kinda miss it . 
White Coat ceremony went fine . Busy week ahead . 
Egyptian cafe and hookah bar ? Sign me up ! 
FFFFFFFFF-(profanity) ! I've got a bio chem test . Pray for me . 
Holy shit time goes by fast . It seems like there's not enough time in the day for me to get shit done . And soon my schedule will start having 2 tests a week for the rest of the semester . Pharmacy school will seem like a blur . 
Fuck yeah ! Noodle bowl day ! Delicious ! 
2 tests and 2 quizzes this week . Gather my bones . ( something I'll have to get used to -.-) 
Things completed so far this week . Tests : 1/2 . Quizzes 0/2 . Homework 1/2 . Off to class ... 
Intuition is something humans have , so they can read people and the atmosphere , and use logic to come to conclusions . Instinct is something animals have that helps them adapt skills to survive , and sense danger . Lately my mind has been feeling sharper , but Im not sure which of those senses is the one improving .... 
Homework 2/2 . Quiz 2/2 . Test 2/2 . Finally this week is over . Too bad next week is even worse . Time will go by real fast at this rate , but a candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long . I already can't wait for winter break lol . 
There's no such thing as free time on pharmacy school . Just time wasted . When I'm not doing homework I'm studying . When I'm not studying I'm in class . When in class ... I'm getting more homework . FML . 
Next weeks gonna suck ... actually thats been my status update for every week since I came here ...... fuck . 
I swear to god if these harpies outside my room keep shrieking and laughing I am gonna flip . 
Bio chem is making me its bitch . Oh , Im sorry . Its bi-yatch . 
Guess what my theme song is gonna be for my test tonight ? \I am the warbringer ; I've come to bring you war . \ " I love it . Thanks JT " 
I've only been in my house for 2 minutes and I already feel like burning it down . My room has been ransacked . Why did I choose to come back ? 
One of every 10 people born is gay . That means they will be instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in the minority and so much else , for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are trying suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them that life will get better and that you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will . 
I left my facebook open on a puclic computer , but the person who found is really nice and only posted this message . Next time , I might not be so lucky . 
Fuck , so .... tired . I kinda accidently fell asleep and the pressure on my eyes is indescribable ... thanks contacts . I have no idea how long I was out and my head is stabbing with a pain that says \Guess what you forgot to do cuz you fell asleep\ " . My response - \ " I have no idea \"" 
Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
So tired .... giving a quiz this early should be illegal ... 
Ha ... haha ... hahaha .... HAHAHAHAHAHAHA .... ( Midterms this week . Im moderately insane . ) 
Midterms are over ... although thats really just a label for tests 8 weeks into the semester . Doesnt mean I dont have 2-3 tests next week too , and the week after , etc . 
Time for class and a biochem quiz later , then I don't give a crap about anything else today . I'm takin Friday off . 
Chapter One -- Make every problem your slave . \ 
Rule one -- Assess the Situation . ( We are f***ed)\ 
Rule two -- Apply Blame . \ 
Rule three -- Don't let the blamee hear about you blaming them . \ 
Rule four -- Make a suggestion , but don't own up to it in case it sucks . 
Fuck Halloween < PROPFEMALE > ! Someone mail me some Pocky now !!!!! 
3 Weeks until Thanksgiving break . If I didn't have so many tests between now and then I would count the seconds . 
If anybody comes to my pharmacy just to ask me why pepto is pink , Im punching them in the throat . 
My RA , < PROPFEMALE > , is officially the coolest person ever . She just brought me some boxes of Hot Tamales . Thanks girlfriend . ' Tis the season everyone , Happy Halloween . 
Very busy this week . Important tests coming up . Can we just get to break already ? 
Yeah so I had a test today at 8PM , studied from 9AM- 7:30 PM today . Would have liked to study more ... but I had other tests to study for earlier this week . Yup , that's pharmacy school . ( crosses fingers ) 
I haven't eaten anything since lunch yesterday ... and today is orange chicken day at the dining hall . Keep an ambulance on standby please . Nom nom nom . 
Today , I had a lecture about drug addiction and dependency . My professor asked me to play the role of an alcoholic . I had a wife and 3 kids . The performance was educational AND fun . Crazy , right ? 
Coffee machine . Best investment I ever made . Need to study , still a busy week . 
I was in the dining hall getting some tater tots when I saw the sign above them , it called them \potato gems\ " . I knew I paid 40 thousand dollars a year to go here for a reason . Its so fancy . " 
Do NOT go see the movie Skyline . Calling it a movie is to generous , it's more like a 2 hour long trailer setting up a movie coming 2-3 years from now . Even the story itself is so cliche that the only redeeming feature is the special effects ... apparently that's all you need . The movie was so bad I drove to the nearest 24 hour Walgreens and bought an AIDS test because I felt I had just been bent over and raped . 
Need to enjoy myself while I can . Gotta go back to school soon , need to start studying again -.- 
I love getting Icees in the winter . 
Back to the hell of 7:30 am classes starting tomorrow . 
I can already feel the threat of finals looming over my head . I don't wanna feel a thing . 
Purdue's first snow , that was fun to walk to class in . On the bright side , pokemon profile pic ( high fives ) . 
Test tonight . Save me . 
Me : Damn , I look so freaking sexy in this coat . \ 
Meghan : ...... I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that . \ 
Me : Fine , but you can't pretend you didn't see it . Dayum ~ ! 
I need to sleep ! And I need to study ! Why am I not yet capable of both ?! How long have I been doing these 2 things again ?! 
Cmon , Cmon , Cmon ! I can see it ! The goal is in sight ! Keep pushing forward ! 
I've probably spent as much time calculating the grades I need as I have spent studying . Maybe that's good too ? It builds confidence .... or shatters it lol . 
P.S. Ice Cream Pokemon Pic ! Finally .... they got it right . lol 
It's so close to finals ! Freaking out ! 
Biostatistics and Diagnostic Imaging finals tomorrow . I've spent all my time preparing for Biochemistry -.- 
Freaknik's back baby ! 
Another day of 2 finals tomorrow . One of them is my hardest class . Biochemistry is a demon ... wish me luck . 
Biochemistry Final = < PROPMALE > James\ 
Me = < PROPFIRST > Murphy's couch\ 
Me + Biochemistry Final = ..... You do the math . 
5 finals down , 2 more to go . Has it been 16 weeks ? Wow it feels like years -.- 
It looks like Gliscor is giving everyone the finger ( I am tired and still have 650 slides to study for tomorrow ) . 
Well that final this morning was a beast , I was so tired I don't even remember it . Regardless , one more to go . 
Finally done with finals . Now I < PROPFEMALE > pizza . 
We are the science police . 
SERENITY NOW ! 
Status update : Returning to school tomorrow . Morale is low . We are praying for a miracle . 
Only open table to eat was in the back corner . This means I get to be the weird guy who sits alone in the corner . Pro lol 
First quiz tomorrow . Need to study tonight . It's my first week back -.- 
Yaaaaaaay weekend .... I look forward to studying . ( yawn ) 
Today is so damn looooong .... 
Start working in the college pharmacy tomorrow . Hmm ... not quite sure how to feel about this . Busy day tomorrow . We shall see . 
Today is the funeral for Dr. Hem , one of my professors last semester . He was a good man and an awesome teacher , and I'm glad I was a part of the last class he got to teach . < PROPFEMALE > on . 
3 tests , 2 quizzes , 1 lab report all next week . There will be no rest this weekend . 
This lab report is a monster ! I'm supposed to study for all my shit next week when exactly ?! 
Huh ... snow day ... I dont have a lot of classes today so this shouldnt hurt my schedule too bad . The biggest problem is them rescheduling the test I had tonight . 
Nickels is money too you guys . 
Everything burns ~ 
Nothing like studying biochemistry for my test tomorrow rather than watch the game ....... RAAAAAAAAGE !!! 
Another day has gone , time for healing . 
How fucking tired am I ? I was walking down the street and looked over at a building and saw a small dinosaur statue . I was like holy shit when did we get that ?! What building is it ?! I then noticed it was a park bench from the side -.- 
It's days like today where I wish I had gotten to keep the pink hair . 
Lookin for something that's sweet and bad for ya ? Look no further . 
Random girl from my pharmacy class just rated my face an 8 on a scale of 1-10 . I believe her . lol 
I am practically mainlining caffiene to get through all the tests I have this week . Yet the worst one is gonna be next Monday . So excited ! /sarcasm 
Ahhh brunch ... not as good as brinner , but still pretty damn awesome . 
Sleep is death !!! 
Today was a pretty fun day . I havent gone out with a crew in a while . I guess its something you never forget how to do . Especially with my bitchin awesome charisma . 
Brb . Goin to the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gettin ready to board my flight . En route to Texas . 
\So shut up and help me find the nutmeg and I'll make you some < PROPMALE > X tea ! \"" 
Been hangin out with my girl < PROPFEMALE > Daniels . Whatchin her get stuff done lol . Missed ya luv ! 
Learned about growing ne o-o rgans like ears and noses on the backs of mice . I so very badly wanted to raise my hand and ask \what about a penis ? \ " Thanks South Park . " 
Hey , I was on quaaludes . I don't even remember Oslo . 
Slept way longer than I meant to , need to study for my test lol . Well ... if my survival instinct didn't kick in my subconscious must not think it's too bad . Lol 
I will roundhouse your ass . 
I was gonna go get my yearly TB test today for school , but I decided not to cuz in my head it went something like this ... ( nurse sticks me with needle ) Nurse : \April fools ! Now you're addicted to heroin ! \ " Maybe next week ... " 
