Working on Finals . YUG !!!!!! 

Working on finals before work ... Will these ever be done . 
if you are reading this , and even if we don't chat that often , please write ( below ) one single , unique word that would describe me according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph as I did on your status . You might be surprised to read the responses received . Thanks ! 
I am going to ROCK this last quarter !!! 
is tired and has more and more homework to get done . 
Finding ways not to work on my homework . But I really should get back to it now :( 
Did you know you burn 150 calories an hour by banging your head against the wall ? Hmm ... I wonder how many brain cells are killed during that hour ? 
Going to bed with a migraine .. What's new lately ? 
I can't stay focused today . What's wrong with me ?? 
I MISSED THE < PROPMALE > MARCHING BAND HOME SHOW !!!!! * Crying on the inside * What good is it to have a boyfriend that works for the school and who knows that I was interested in the Homeshow ... AND HE FAILS TO MENTION IT WAS ON SATURDAY !!! * ticked at the boyfriend * ERRRRRR !!! So frustrating . I was actually looking forward to it . To spend sometime around something I acutally like ( and it not being homework ) . 
Spent nearly the whole day working for the newspaper again . It was an experience . :) Also , Sunday was my 7 year aniversary with my bf < PROPFIRST > . <3 
is fighting a migrane . :( 
My bf was willing to support me while I finished school and learned to program for the iPhone . But what do I go and do ? I get a 9 to 5 job and there goes all my plans for the time I would have to work on homework ( which is majorly behind ) . I don't know what to do anymore . :( I am so frustrated . I can't just sit home and not work , but I am to the point of shutting down and saying screw everyone . 
To look on the bright side of things ... I get to be drugged out of my mind for the next week , legaly too . I hate dentist !! I just wish they would pull the tooth out and get it over with . Instead I get it pulled out on the 24 . Just before Thanksgiving . Yeah , I can't eat any of the good stuff . 
I am in the last days of college ... WOOOO !!!!! HOOOO !!!!!! By Sunday Morning ( or so ) I will be done with my Bachelors !!!! 
I have been away from the computer for the last few weeks . It has been fun , but it is inevitable that I return !! LOL ! Hello to you all again ! 
is wondering why I can't get some time off since it is my birthday ... Oh wait , I am next week to pick up the roommate ! See , just give me a few , I will figure it out ... generally . 
white 
Folding , stuffing , labelig and stamping mailers ... Great Fun !! Ha , Ha . Someones got to do it . I guess it beats actual work . LOL :) Have a great day everyone . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
Wet and Hard 
I love my sister more than words can say . If you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you , through thick and thin , then copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our sisters . ? 
So , I am sitting here at work wishing I was at home ( or anywhere else ) knitting . Is that a bad thing ?? 
What a long , boring day , I can't wait to get home and watch mindless TV and knit . 
Trying really hard to get going this morning ... But it's Friday and I am sooooo ready for the weekend . 
Bord ... 
I get to go home early ! Yeah . I got paid . Time to party !!! Oh wait ! Got house cleaning and other stuff to get done this weekend . Sucks being a grown-up !!!! :( 
Working ... Sort of ... 
Is heading home for the day ... Maybe I can gain back some of my sanity ... To late for that . Maybe I could just spread my insanity ... That sounds fun !! 
Trying to think of color for baby blankets since there are three babies coming and no one knows what they are at the moment or in enough time before the baby showers ... Well I could start with the basic Green and yellow and they start on some more specific colors later ... Well thats a start . Im good to go !! 
So , since I have decided on the colors ( General baby colors ) , I now have to decided on the pattern to do them in . Why does this have to be so hard ??? 
Dentists SUCK !! She told me it wouldn't hurt . My Jaw is really achy as it is waking up from the numbness . I guess its time for some more feel goods !! :D But working on feel goods is not a really good idea . :( What to do ... What to do ... 
Is feeling better today . But my jaw is still sore . I think I may survive ... 
Nope , Lunch has killed me . My jaw and neck are now killing me . I guess one more pain pill and then I should be good to go . 
Today the Olympics start !! Yeah !! I am participating in the Ravelympics this year and I get to start on my projects at 6pm tonight . 
I am thinking about scrapping what I started and just doing a pair of socks . I was excited at the beginning , but the love of my life just doesn't seem to care what I want to do anymore . I think I will be dropping the two projects and just working on a pair of socks and now I got to come up with a column subject as well ... Not in such a good mood anymore . 
I have given up on the other two things I was knitting . I got two Cat Bordi books in the mail the day before the Olympics started and I have been really itching to start some socks out of them ... So , I have basically started a new pair of socks :) 
Work , work , work ... TGIF !! I can't wait to relax this weekend . 
I'm at work , all by myself , again . This isn't cool anymore !!! 
The day is almost over !! YEAH !! 
Working , but feeling like crap . Not sure why the headache and chills wont go away . 
I am not sure why I am so tired today . But I had a heck of a time getting out of bed this morning . Oh , well , lets make a good day out of the rest of it !! :) 
WAIT !! Where did the rain go ?? I was actually enjoying the sounds . Now its just the stupid highway that I hear :( 
Drinking the Koolaide ... 
Blah , blah , blah ... Everyone elses problems !! I am done . Thank GOD tomorrow is Friday !! I am about to go postal on someone !!! The best part of today is I get to have dinner with my fave niece and nephew !! Oh , yeah , and their mom too ! :) Loves You < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) I can't wait ! 
My sis < PROPFEMALE > went to the hospital with BAD stomach cramps ( she's prego ) . They gave her meds to stop contractions ... She is at home resting ... That is the last I heard and there is no one intelegent enough around her to let me know what is going on . 
I really hate migraines !!! 
I may actually KILL my boss ... I would definately get more work done that way ... 
I am not sure what I am to be doing any more ... 
I get to leave work ... to do more work ... but I get to leave work :) 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : < PROPMALE > Airforce Base , South < PROPFEMALE > 
It's Monthly Mailers time again ... Boring !! I hate folding paper . :) Oh well I get paid for it . :) 
I am officially cavity free now !!! WOOOOO HOOOO !!! Just wish my mouth would finish waking up and quite hurting !! It feels like I was punched in the jaw . :( But the drugs are good ! LOL ! Hope everyones day is going good . : 0 ) 
I have actually cleaned my desk area . I actually have access to our windows < PROPMALE > hine and other < PROPMALE > . Amazing . I am all kinds of excited to be able to use the computer by the sunshine again :) What a beautiful day ! 
I hate being sick . It would make since to have something wrong to go with this fevor . But there is nothing else !!! This sucks !! I don't like having a fevor !! I know how babies feel now . This ain't cool ! :( 
Friday's SUCK !! I am so board !!! 
Wooo Hooo !!! The WEEKEND !! 
I am so tired . I am tired of being sick . I am tired of waiting on others ... I just want to go to bed :( 
I am in a strange mood ... I was bone tired not to long ago . Now I am WIRED AWAKE ! There is something wrong with me . I hate my bf and roommate . Damn Night Owls !! :) Oh , well ... Time for a movie and pizza !! ( I will probably fall asleep on the couch watching said movie ! ) 
is very clostrophobic at the moment . I do not like this feeling at all . 
I think I have the stupids ... I am having a hard time at work today ... Thank goodness it is almost time to go home . I really don't like feeling stupid on simple things anymore . :) 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this . WILL YOU ? 
It is shapping up to be a long , bad day today . I really should just calm down and focus on one thing at a time ... Yeah right ! 
Wonders why is it people only want to talk to you to tell you their problems , but god forbid if you have one , because they run for the invisible button . 
I am in a hyper-mood at the moment . What really sucks is that I have to go to Wal-mart now !! 
I made it out ALIVE !! 
Why is it that banks and the Department of Licensing can be open at 9 am but the rest of the world tends to be open around 8 am ?? That aint cool ! Fucking lazy people ! 
I have a headache and it's to pretty outside to be stuck in here !!!!! 
Today's forecast ... Bitchy with 100% < PROPMALE > of sarcasm !! 
is not so good with the advice , can I interest you in a sarcastic comment , or maybe just something totally inappropriate ? 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . ... I DARE YOU 
My house smells heavenly ! I am making a Lemon Pepper Chicken ... Peas ... and Stuffing ... I cant wait to taste it . It's been awhile since I have made a good dinner . :) Our house is going to start cooking more often . 
is so tired of being tired of listening to people nag because you did something wrong , said something wrong , or just didn't do what you were supposed to . 
Getting a pedi with my prego sister for her birthday . Happy Birthday Sis < PROPFEMALE > . 
That was fun . My toes are a BRIGHT Turquise Green . LOVIN ' IT ! Ahhh ! It's back to work now with a migraine that wont quit ... 
Home now and hoping to relax and get rid of this migraine . :) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
says : I'm not crazy ... I just got tired of being normal . =] 
who's the cruel bastard that decided the word for phobia of long words is \Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia\ " .. whoever you are .. I salute you !! :) " 
is cleverly disguised as a responsible adult . ;) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with the bro's today . :) LOL ! < PROPFIRST > is JUST LIKE < PROPFIRST > ! This sucks ! WHERE'S MY SISTER ???? 
Slight change of plans for this morning ... Had stuff to take care of . Will be meeting up with the bro's in a bit . :) 
Surprise < PROPMALE > this afternoon . Took my boyfriend home . Now hanging with the bro's , sis , nephew and the car crew my sis and bro belong to . It's a nice day . To bad I have to work tomorrow . 
is excited . I am happy for my sis < PROPFEMALE > . :) She is happy ... We will leave it at that for now . I get to take my bro to the plane tomorrow . Wooo Hooo day off , but driving to Spokane and back ... Oh well , can't have it all , I do get to spend some time with the bro before he leaves , that makes the drive worth while . :) 
solemnly swears I am up to no good =) 
Taking bro to airport . Sad to see him leave . 
Got the little bro through security . He is on his way home . :( 
I am glad today is over ... I get to go home and learn to spin on my new Wheel :) Life is good . 
I find the term Nerd offensive . Instead use the term \Intellectual Badass . \"" 
Lots to get done in a short period of time . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filledwith crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can golong periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . Repost if you are lucky enough to have a least one true friend . They will know who they are . 
My house is too full of STUFF !!! 
says she can only offer you today a gallon of pessimism , a cup of sarcasm , two tablespoons of dry wit , and a generous cup of shut the hell up . Just one of those days ... 
Love thy sis . She and I got pedi's for lunch :) Now it's time to run for some coffee ... So need a nap !! 
Coffee ! Coffee ! Love the scent of a coffee stand . Coffee !!! ....... COFFEE !!!!!!!! WOOT ! 
Why is it that for every 1 thing that goes right ... 10 other things have to go wrong ? : @ 
changes her status frequently for sh ! ts ' n giggles . <- Ha Ha ! Where did that term come from ? Who giggles while they take a sh ! t ? 
... Ice Ice Baby ... ha ha ... now u got it stuck in your head ... and even if u hate it you know every last word ... 
Today my inner child threw a tantrum because the voices in my head refused to share the sandbox of my mental playground . It was weird . 
I thoght I had ALOT of shi ! t ... Turns out I really don't own alot . This is a good thing . :) 
when a problem comes along ... you must whip it ... WHIP IT GOOD ! 
is comforting the disturbed , disturbing the comfortable , interesting the bored and boring the interested . 
just wants to go outside and scream as loud as I can , but I'm afraid I might worry the neighbors :) 
WORLD DOMINATION ! I'm going to take over the world with evil gummy bears , ninja penguins , and robotic gnomes ;) Wanna join ?? 
is the fun lovin , crazy type of person that turns the radio up REEEEEAAL loud to tune out life & reality !! 
Had to go to Ritzville for work this morning . It was raining HARD ! Ended up getting my feet and pants legs soaked ( flip-flops ) . Now I have a migraine starting ... What a great day this has turned out to be . Hopefully my evening is better . 
Feeling better . Heading home to cook Chicken Cordon Bleu . Yum !! Wish me luck ! 
Waiting for the new nephew to show up ... Still waiting ... 
It's a bad day around here . My sis has lost a member of her family . My good thoughts go to them in their time of need . :( 
is worried ... I heard that nobody is perfect and now I am afraid that I don't exist !!! 
is bored and anyone reading this should say hi ! <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s little man may be here this weekend some time . Yeah !!! 
crayons , check ... helmet , check ... Prozac , check ... OK , I'M READY FOR WORK !!! 
BABY ! BABY ! BABY ! Is on his way into the world . Sis < PROPFEMALE > is at the hospital and getting ready to bring our nephew < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > into the world !! YEA !!!! 
Still no baby :( Soooooo tired from being up with little sleep over the last few days . Going to bed . Sleep is calling my name ... Nite . 
Ok , my day officially sucks !! Sis < PROPFEMALE > still hasn't had the baby , but sounds like it should be sometime this morning . And Daycare has just sent home < PROPFIRST > with possible pink eye . So much for work !! 
THE BABY IS HERE !!! And I am loosing my mind !!! I wish my Sis < PROPFEMALE > all the LUCK in the world . 
I NEED A NAP !!! If I whine enough will someone put me to bed ? 
The baby is so adorable . He was awake and looking around when I stopped by this morning . Nothing but good feelings today :) Tired , but its still all good . 
is thinking that me thinking is maybe a bad idea ... 
says yesterday I tried to be normal but within 5 minutes I got so bored that I gave up and am myself again ! Yea !! :D 
is getting worried , the voices in her head are starting to make sense ..... 
is on their way to court , apparently the voices are filling for child support for the neglected inner child , oh and copyright infringement . 
Welcomes you to my profile . Straight jackets are by the wall , meds are in the boxes . Enjoy your stay , and please visit again ! 
Heading out soon to go to Seattle . We are going to see Cirque Du Soleil : Kooza . We are going to stay the night , then go to Pikes Place Market , the Aquariaum , IKEA and a Shopping Mall !!! 
ok . i guess if i am not getting paid to be on a computer , i am not on facebook ... LOL ! Well I should be back , hopefully with something interesting . 
I love that feeling of things clicking in place when you are learning something new . :) 
ahhhh ... Brain feeling better . Lots of new information . :) 
I am working on starting my own business ( previous partnership of bf and roommate ) . I am working on a web < PROPFEMALE > and not much else . 
Going to pull hair out . I have work to get done and don't want to be at home ... 
This one has really lost her mind . Why after all this time would I get back on Facebook ... I am board today , that is why . Oh well , I guess life does go on without me . LOL ! 
If you are going to be offended by other peoples opinions then maybe you should consider keeping yours to yourself 
aint feeling well and heading to walmart . What a bad idea ... 
Yesterday the dentist stole my tooth !! I am enjoying the drugs at the moment , well when they are working . :) So , please cut me a little slack today . :) 
Yesterday was bad . Today is worse . Hopefully tomorrow will be better . I'm done being in pain . 
Feeling better today . May attend HP7 tonight . Trying to think if I want to leave in the snow or not . 
I HATE SNOW !! ( Snowing again ! ) Oh , well , gives me a better excuse to stay home and clean . Except ... The tooth that was pulled a week ago still throbs when I over work myself . Oh , well , a bit at a time is better than none at all . 
At Computer ( < PROPMALE > ) 
At Computer 
At Computer ( iMac ) 
At Computer - < PROPMALE > 
Left for ML 
At Phone 
On iPhone 
Where the heck did the month of January go ??!!!! 
Got lots to get accomplished tomorrow . But today I am taking it easy . BF is home from work and I am enjoying his company . :) 
Wondering why I even bother with planning my day ... Nothing ever goes the way I want it to . Like having to deal with a person I REALLY HATE at my house , yelling all day long , lights and tvs on but no one around them ... Yes , I need my own place ! 
To quote the great master , Eeyore : \Some days are better upside down \"" 
Lots to get done . BF and roommate are going to get an iPad 2 after work today !! YEAH !! 
Mind is racing ... Time is flying ... Where did the year go ? It is already my Nephew's 3rd B-Day ... This is when they all start ... Too many ... HELP !! JK , I LOVE THEM ALL WAY TOO MUCH !! 
Happy :) 
