i dont like drop d tuning but it sounds awesome 

what the crap cmon bears geez 
I HATE LOSING 
headache 
I AM NOT A CREDIBLE SOURCE !!!!! 
i am so glad im not in tuscaloosa right now 
aight Finna clean up and then go shoot sum old classmates paintball redux 
so the new spiderman is gonna be revamped to look like twilight .... wtf 
im still waitin for a certin president and v.p. to get brought up on war crimes and for corruption my goodness you democrats are softhearted 
how do you feel about people who take \come as you are\ " too litterally to church " 
Our love is like a honeybaked ham . pink salty and unclean in the eyes of the lord 
goldschlager is the worst idea ever 
who cares what < PROPFIRST > mayer says . I love my black women . now lets move on 
if you havent got that new < PROPFEMALE > yet ... whats wrong with you ? 
is laughing at my peoples in alabama . as i trip over this melting 6 to 8 inches outside 
nothing said on any social networking site should ever be taken seriously . 
WWBD What would BATMAN do ? 
finna get my workout on yeah ! 
hope yall dont kill me 4 this 
i wish there was a way to go to sleep with out head trauma or drugs 
Gorillaz new album just isnt hittin the spot for me .. i just need to let it fester for a while 
What if people with evil intents eyes glowed white ... watching c spann would be interesting 
spring foward ! 
this statement wouldnt be funny if not for sarcasam and irony 
Gentrification : the socio-cultural changes in an area resulting from wealthier people buying housing property in a less prosperous community . Consequent to gentrification , the average income increases and average family size decreases in the community , which may result in the informal economic eviction of the lower-income residents , because of increased rents , house prices , and property taxes 
HIstory shows that change is not only possible it is inevitable . adaptation or extinction ! 
Happy Ressurection Day ... keep your eyes on south africa . things are gonna blow up 
Today is the aniversary of Dr. Kings Assassination . 
of all the places the eagles coulda sent mcnabb ... why redskins . that's like farve to the vikings 
chillin out with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on my lunchbreak . 
what do yall think about females who allegedly get raped by athletes but then file a civil suit instead of a criminal 
geez why does my body hurt 
I wonder if bowser tweets when he kidnapps princesses . and if < PROPFIRST > updates everytime he kills somthing or gets a powerup or coin 
ballys trainer just kicked my abs ' a$$ 
I need to get back on training mode . a m < PROPMALE > ial < PROPMALE > would be nice too 
the reason why love hurts you is because you accept it as an inevetability . love like a child 
the KFC double down sandwich is materialized sin ... why would you do that to yourself fried chicken should not be used as bread buns 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Gunter B.K.A. Gunner . we'll see you again 
I remember gettin some white af1s tryin to walk in them and not crease them or get them dirty . That was a huge waste of time 
I need a good stiff drink 
pen 15 
RIP @ < PROPFEMALE > 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Gunter . 
@ dragonfly with kita bka the boop ! 
orland has a really nice < PROPFEMALE > garden 
unattended children will be given an expresso and a puppy ! 
Progressing my life step by step ... I was falling to much leaping and bounding 
what has 100 balls and screws old ladies ? 
35% body fat ... ugggh I gotta get through this 
Ladies ... smoking makes your bath n body works lotion smell like you're incontinent 
I'm so glad business have stopped putting . com inthe name . especially when they didn't have a website 
MY NAME IS ... SHAKE < PROPFEMALE > THE MIC RULA THE OLD SCHOOLA YOU WANNA TRIP ILL BRING IT TO YA !... I'm sorry 
I found my 2004 mcat practice test SMH 
DON'T PANIC ! 
Q.O.D. from KC ; Women , If You Meet A Man Between The Age Of 27 to 30 And He Doesn't Have Kids . What are your first thoughts ? 
I knew I loved u b 4 I met u . I think I deamed u into life 
I can't live my life this way ! I know there's things in my life that imma let go , starting tonight 
anybody watchnthe fight tonight ? 
it seems all of facebook stopped to watch boondocks 
Oh you and your group thinking knee jerk reaction hyperbolies . ur so funny 
Shake Weight failed then rebranded for men .. the commercial EPIC FAIL ! 
I'm in the ghettoest mall ever 3 footlockers 5 empty stores and a planned parenthood center next to a kid clinic 
watching iron man 2 with a bad chick lol 
let me get a window seat don't want nobody next to me 
OUT OF MY MiND ... and just in time 
I just want BET to do better ... not go away 
< PROPFEMALE > preggo lady drinking in the bar ... what's up ? 
really cavs ??? really ??? < PROPMALE > sucks 
sigh ... can some one show me where that Boston band wagon is at again ? 
MOAR ! 
< PROPFIRST > the Green/White Ranger ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Frank)is a MMA fighter ... you may now crack your jokes 
these droid phones are coming out atleast once a week 
I want the bulls to bring back the pinstripe uniforms 
is it true that Capt < PROPFEMALE > disappears in when a republican is in office and reappears when a democrat is president ? 
that chocolate covered woman is my weakness 
in a foul mood n this traffic jam aint helpin 
I'm tired and I feel queasy 
325 lbs !... 6 months n only lost 25 lbs . I wonder . if I can lose 25 before my b day 
question : women do you date outside your race ? why or why not ? 
hello 
I just got \rings\ " at a gas station " 
< PROPMALE > artest is a nut lol 
it was an awesome 2 days away from work so sad that I hafta go back I could use a 3rd day 
attn : preggo ladies cc : future preggos : you look cuter in a shirt that fits properly 
I'm so uneasy about the Bears this year . but I think the nfc north has 4 legitimate contenders 
is an artist of destruction and futility 
at this juncture I'd like to say something profound yet words fail me again 
lmao beware a woman that only shows up when you're winning 
I never thought of obesity as an eating disorder b4 hmm 
this hockey game is intense 
I miss playin uno during lunch at MP 
cook county is havin an expungement summit 6/5 8:30 to 6pm at eisenhower hs 
If you're comin back for Plan B every other week ... you might as well get birth control it costs the same geez 
the day after leg day is always brutal 
alcohol and women are the cause and solution to all of lifes problems and definitely to each other 
is it fair to retaliate on somebody who made a small mistake 
y r dez birds so fkin loud 
a pro athlete approaching me in a bathroom asking if I'm ready for a pro glide® challenge is not my idea of a good time 
why do women always think a man is tryin to \holla\ " even when he's just saying hello ? " 
is not a very happy person right now 
forget basketball HOCKEY IS WHERE ITS AT ! GO BLACKHAWKS ! 
BLACKHAWKS WOO ! 
I think common almost sideswiped me 
did VH1 just officially replace BET or am I the only one that sees it coming 
imma need people to stop asking rappers Insightful questions . its not cute 
I can't change how u see me . all I control is if I care about how u judge me ... and I really don't care 
um Hypotheticaly What would you do if one of your \private\ " pictures/videos got out ... hypothetically of course " 
when we lessen our women our condition seems to worsen-Common : Real People 
these peoples excersizes look more like they're just humping the machines than working out ... too early 4 pure comedy 
< PROPFEMALE > much streaking ! 
< PROPFEMALE > dagger is forever burned in my head dam good city dam good beer 
its been an amazing 3 years for the Blackhawks . 
give me the strength to love those that curse me 
I'm not cheap or nuffin but $6 for 1 beer ? really !? I'm never clubbin again 
gosh I didn't realize it all these years . I hate scooby doo 
PUH PUH PUH PUH PUH PAH POWER ! - < PROPFIRST > Crews 
aww dangit VY a strip club brawl really ? 
Magical things happen when I imbibe libations 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > latifah never verifies her sexuality ... it really aint nun of your business 
workin on it 
Hyper ! 
Celebrating Juneteenth with sobriety 
If it wasn't for Adult Swim™ I'd be a happy well adjusted adult with a regular sleep schedule ... YAY ! 
if you had to tell the truth for 24 hours ... who would you avoid ? 
I need ideas for a awesome adrenaline fueled weekend 
all these reports on concussions and football have me abit worried 
sothe bet awards are on .... let the roastin begin 
these fb comments r more entertaining than the bet awards show\ 
mmmmm < PROPFEMALE > long 
is it a < PROPMALE > tribute or lil waye tribute 
shes kinda hott preggo ... 
did they forget to turn on em's mic at first ? 
im re in love with < PROPFEMALE > 
juice and \drink\ " dont mix well " 
Are Black Americans brainwashed by the democratic party ? 
i don't understand why people think billionaires should ail the country out . aren't they as entitled to keep their money as you are ? if you had a large sum of money wouldn't it be in your bests interest to hold on to it and not invest in a failing economy ? 
do it 
here i am ... rock you like a hurricaine ! 
some one once argued me down that boxing wasn't a m < PROPMALE > ial < PROPMALE > ... 
sooo .... about this < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > video .... isnt that technically child porn you have on your computer now ? 
what does < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > dress up as for Halloween ? 
they should have let < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > finish the season ... the whole thing is sickening 
Happy birthday to the most devastating diva of them all < PROPFEMALE > TheGreat 
if telling the truth meant you lose everything would you do it ... not saying keeping quiet is right but you're gonna lose either way . and you cant say you would'nt do the same 
silly me ... bought a game that my video card cant handle . 
