will probably be asleep at midnight . But for all of you more exciting than me , have a wonderful time tonight and please be safe ! 

is crashing and burning ... good thing it's Friday ! 
is dreaming of the possibilities ... 
Airan is not letting < PROPFIRST > write on her facebook wall 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
was surprised and is tired . Thanks for the great birthday party , everyone ! 
Can't believe a musically talented pedophile's death two days ago is more important to CNN than the fate of the people of Iran . 
setting up her NEW FURNITURE !!! Thanks Daddy ! 
just took < PROPMALE > Potter tests on Facebook . Lame . 
feels adulthood coming on ... 
is too tired for fireworks . 
is not at church this morning -- taking a much-needed day of rest . 
is WAY behind today . 
is hiking . 
is recovering from hiking . 
is getting ready for church . Hardest part : waking up the husband :) 
\And that's the way it was . \"" 
has realized that the flipside to a < PROPMALE > life full of friends all over the world means that wherever you are , a piece of home is far away . Miss you all ... 
Great message at church , great BBQ at Mom and Dad's , great dogs napping on floor after lots of snuggling and tail wagging , great husband hanging out in living room . Great Sunday . 
feels too old to be buying textbooks . Not that I'm complaining :) 
is waiting for a change . 
is struggling to wake up this morning . So sleepy ... 
is waiting to hear back about AJ's interview . If they don't pick him , they're crazy . 
wants to be sleepy , but sadly , is not . 
wants < PROPFEMALE > RIGHT NOW . 
is , as of tonight , a law school student . And appropriately , she has a LOT of reading to do . 
is briefing her first case , and getting by with a little help from her friend , Dr. J . Thanks for being tough in Mass Com Law , Dr. < PROPFIRST > , it's paying off now ... 
does not believe you can have a contract with God . 
misses her news peeps . You know who you are . 
Wake up early . Bible study . Dogs . Breakfast . Basic Grooming . Time with AJ . Work meeting . Quick trip to store . Meeting follow-up . Reading Review . School . Dinner . More Time with AJ . Kitchen . Homework . Talk to Mom . Dogs again . Job Applications . Prepare for house guests . Grocery list . More Basic Grooming . More Homework . Set the alarm for tomorrow . Lather , rinse , repeat . 
is stretching her brain . It feels good . 
has torts on the brain . If a little kid pulls a chair out from under an old lady but he didn't mean to hurt her , is it battery ? 
would be more interesting if she weren't so darn busy . 
' s big goal tonight : at least five consecutive hours of sleep . 
wants ANOTHER nap . This is getting crazy . 
refuses to quit when God made her to conquer . She thinks that means homework instead of bedtime now . 
got a job offer yesterday and has another interview next week ! So no matter what , gainfully employed . And way busier . 
' s husband just got hired as a designer at a newspaper ! Two days , two jobs for two people . How awesome is THAT ?!?! 
is super extra crazy busy today . But she's not complaining . 
just gave two dogs a bath . Now SHE needs a bath . Yuck . 
wants to sleep . It's not working out . 
is opening all the windows to let the breeze into her little house . 
LOVES the rainy weather . 
loves working for the family business . Helping her daddy while in her pajamas , hanging out with the dogs , watching old movies . 
is trying to get her eyes to stay open . 
getting ready for Brit's wedding . So excited to watch HER get married right where I got married ! 
L'Shana tovah tikatevu ! 
is obsessed with Dr. Oz and his Web site . 
is working :) 
just found out that two people in her torts class have swine flu . Yuck . 
is at her best when she is busy . Going to keep telling herself that until she believes it . 
weekend ? What weekend ? 
Today , < PROPFIRST > is three years old ! Happy Birthday , Kiddo ! 
just finished doing a bunch of cooking for her new diet . Is tired , will rest now . ( rest = homework ) 
Craving cheese or red meat or soft french bread with lots of butter . Or brownies . Or any of the other things Dr. Oz says are not good for you . 
is eating broccoli for breakfast . 
' s brain hurts . 
Today is gorgeous . Well , at least the walk from the car to the office to the car to the office again was really nice . 
Drowning in work . 
is turning in early . What a day . 
has a stuffy nose and will probably snore tonight . Super attractive . 
one week from the first midterm . 
misses < PROPFIRST > Miller today . 
Obama gets the Nobel Peace Prize for not being < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . I didn't write the Twilight series -- Pulitzer please ! 
wants to sit down without a book in her lap . Just trying to muscle through to next Thursday , 8 p.m. 
Legal Writing ? Yes . Contracts ? Yes . Torts ? Absolutely not . 
Okay , torts , hit me with your best shot . I'm ready . 
Today is the torts midterm . Pray for me . 
thinks she passed her midterm . Thanks for the good wishes , everyone . 
Okay , enough celebration . Time to crank out final details of legal writing final and start getting ready for contracts . 
Legal writing paper = done . Studying for contracts = might never be done . 
is fighting the urge to watch glee instead of studying for contracts . It's tough . 
is at work and so cannot study , but can only worry about the fact that she is not studying . 
is finished with midterms . Now , to catch up on real life . 
is cleaning . 
wants a vacation . 
took a nap instead of a vacation . Now woefully behind on housework/schoolwork . 
Yeah , I let Facebook \interview\ " me . Sad . I blame my bad judgment at this late hour . " 
hopes the rain is here to stay for a while . 
passed her legal writing midterm ! One down , two to go . 
Torts grades posted ! Passing grade ! Hooray ! 
can't remember why she was so worried . 
Now it's down to contracts . Grade fast , Potter ! 
\I like your Christ . I do not like your Christians . Your Christians are so unlike your Christ . \"-- Mahatma Gandhi " 
is checking to see if her contracts grade is posted every five seconds . It is not posted , and she is pathetic . 
Contracts grades out . Not what I had hoped . Thank goodness for my torts grade . 
is married to an old , old man . 
is going to her husband's birthday party instead of to class . Living dangerously ... 
is so glad it's Thursday . Just need to stay alert through 9:30 tonight . 
' s husband cleaned the house , made her dinner and generally pampered her until she fell asleep . Great way to end a hard week :) 
just handed out < PROPFEMALE > to a pregnant teenage trick or treater and her boyfriend . Neither were in costume and both had pillowcases . Please , if you are old enough to have babies , reevaluate your Halloween schedule . 
Is waiting for mom's red < PROPFEMALE > birthday cake to cool so it can be frosted . We'll try to save you a slice for when you're home this weekend , Nanny . 
just keeps becoming more and more domestic ... 
drowning in her own mucus . Yuck . 
has , against the advice of many , dragged herself to contracts . Already regretting it ... 
is awake , and already in need of a nap . Sleepy , sleepy . 
is horrified by the all birth , all morning line-up on Discovery Health , but she can't look away . 
is at school . On a Saturday . Gross . 
can breath from both nostrils and can swallow normally . Things are looking up . 
is full of Mexican food and good company and happiness . 
loves a cup of tea , a good book and a quiet house . None of those things are going to happen tonight :) 
needs to tape her eyelids open today . 
ain't no party like a law school party ' cause a law school party don't stop . Or at least it feels like it will never stop . 
is doing her best to consume nutritious food and get in a little exercise every day and do school and do work and do my other work and do reading . This would all be much easier if I had an extra hour to squeeze in a nap . 
wishes her body could keep up with her brain . 
looks at you and laughs , December 12th . 
< PROPFIRST>'s quote of the day : Einhorn : So this is a trespass to chattel ( referring to a case where an ' ass ' was legally fettered in a roadway ) < PROPFIRST > : TrespASS to the ASS . 
Thank you , wonders of the universe , for washing my car today . Appreciated . 
thinking about our family's littlest bird as she flies to Europe . 
misses her old haunts today . 
is thinking of her Graphic chickadees . Congratulations on the last issue of the semester , guys ! I'll be reading your wonderful work online ... 
is suddenly briefing a classmate's detailed case while he < PROPMALE > s down robbers at his house . I would rather < PROPMALE > down the robbers . 
has one more really full day to get through before she eats her way through a very long weekend . 
half day today ? 
loves waking up to happy faces and wagging tails . Thanks for the morning greeting , Brooklyn and Alaska . 
has a wonderful life . And now it's Christmas . Could not be better . 
did not do the morning shop today , since Dad and I couldn't find deals that fit our lists . Sleeping in was nice , but missed my Daddy Time . 
' s long weekend effectively ended at 9 a.m. today , when she started studying for finals . Three weeks of torture , all to get a bunch of C's ( or at best , B-'s ) on tests . Ah , law school . 
is worried sick . Thanks a lot , contracts notes . 
put up the first Christmas tree in the new house last night , and watched Brooklyn figure out that Christmas ornaments are NOT tennis balls . 
just wants it to be December 13th , please . 
could use an encouraging Alaska howl or Brooklyn wag to get through school tonight . When is bring your dog to class day ? 
' s eggo is preggo . 
wants to go back to the doctor's office and hear the heartbeat sound again tomorrow . And the next day . And the next day . 
can't do contracts review while her body screams EAT ! EAT ! SLEEP ! SLEEP ! Giving in now ... 
contracts , contracts , contracts . Torts , torts , torts . 
likes food , but the baby does not . 
has knocked out contracts and crim review . Now to torts , the final frontier . 
is interrupting her studies to go to work . 
Is in < PROPFEMALE > Chico while it snows at home :( 
is in a finals daze . 
just guzzled about 32 ounces of Gatorade in about eight minutes . The pregnancy symptom no one talks about : constant thirst ! 
is waiting for 3:30 on Saturday afternoon . 
likes all the frost and frozen puddles this morning . The dogs were less enthused . 
is saying goodbye to Editor and Publisher . If it's dead , how will I find out who else is dying ? 
is practicing her butt-kicking skills for finals tomorrow . 
Off to take finals . If I don't make it , it was nice knowing you . 
Is done , done , done . Alive ? yes . Passing at school ? We shall see . 
feels like the rainbow after class today was just for her . Storm's over , at least in my life . 
likes reading everyone's posts about passing their finals and hopes to see more as the week unfolds . 
bought her first onesie today ( fitting wall post , < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
is ready for this first trimester nonsense to be over . 
Facebook used to send me ads about textbooks and make-up . Now it sends me ads about stretch marks and saving for the baby's college . What the heck , Facebook ? 
is working , because her life is an endless cycle of catching up . 
was sick all morning , but rocked out in the car to the Beatles and feels better . Thanks for the pick-me-up , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Ringo . 
is going to her second prenatal appointment today ! 
is readying a million < PROPMALE > deeds for transfer . That's right , a million . I think I'll be missing my bed time tonight . 
cleaned the WHOLE HOUSE today . All feels right in the world . 
is not going to the snow this weekend :( But IS going shopping with Mom and Nanny this weekend :) 
just thought about school for the first time in two weeks and frightened herself back into reality . Time to dust off those books . 
keeps poking her belly because as of this week , the baby can feel it and react . 
has started obsessively checking the Cal Northern download < PROPFEMALE > again . Story of my life . 
Crim law grade posted -- better than I hoped for ! Now to get through contracts and torts . 
Goals for the coming year in order of occurance : 1 . Don't flunk out of law school . 2 . Become extraordinarily capable and worthy property/family business manager . 3 . < PROPFEMALE > , give birth to healthy baby . 4 . Bond with and properly care for aforementioned baby . 5 . Spend more time napping ( this goal might be incompatible with all the others .... ) . 
usually doesn't do New Year's Resolutions , but is going for it this year . Look out , junk in my trunk . Your days are numbered . 
wants to curl up and feel sorry for herself . Thank goodness she has no time for that nonsense . 
Yay ! Contracts grades are out and my grade was pretty solid ! I have officially passed one semester of law school ! 
Chris : I like how connected we stay via facebook me : i do too Chris : I can't quit you . and you can quote me on that 
feels ready for school tonight . 
loves her husband . Thanks for taking care of the car today , babe . 
wants it to be August . 
White . My favorite one :) 
loves all the new jobs , new houses , anniversaries , birthdays , engagements , weddings , babies and various other happiness on facebook as of late . 
was apparently a missing person for several hours today after wires got crossed at work . All is well now , and I've been found again :) 
is building a baby .... registry . Or at least starting the process . 
is huffing and puffing ... whew ! totally out of breath . 
likes that her most active Facebook friends at the moment are people who are in class right now with her . 
Spent all day at the spa getting her hair done and getting her nails done and getting a massage and generally being beautified and fussed over , then went on a dinner date , then went on a long walk with the dogs , then put on her pj's and did no housework . Thanks for the awesome day , babe . 
has to have blood drawn for testing for the baby today . And is a wimp about blood and might pass out . Yuck . 
has been juiced like an orange . The doctor better have enough of my bodily fluids at this point . 
is going to the doctor today and could find out the baby's gender . Keep your fingers crossed that the baby DOESN'T keep its legs crossed . 
don't know nothin ' about birthin ' no babies . 
is presenting a case tonight that she has not even read yet . It's going to be an exciting day . 
is having a personal breakthrough/eating purple Skittles just like all the other Skittles . 
is feeling baby flutters and has learned from them that the baby is a morning person , reacts strongly to the shower and prefers hanging out on my right . 
just had a super secret source ( AJ ) tell her that OPRAH just landed at the Chico Airport . OPRAH ! 
Einhorn : \So why do we have these three causes of action ? \ " Daniel : \ " So they can make law school harder . \ " Einhorn : \ " Right . \"" 
thinks the air is unusually thick and unbreathable today . Is it just me ? 
has chosen a push present . Thanks , < PROPMALE > Jobs . 
State of Apple over , State of the Union pending . Exciting day in my little nerd world . 
Slept through her alarm , through AJ leaving and would have slept through work if not for a husky licking her face at 8:05 . Thanks , Alaska . 
likes freedom of speech , the press , religion and all that jazz . 
wants to lay on the couch ALL DAY . 
is working , and hates tax season . 
just had a dweeby little emotional fit that can probably be blamed on overwork and hormones . Now chewing up a handful of baby-safe antacids and resigning to just try again tomorrow . 
has no celebrity doppleganger ... I can't remember ever being told that I looked like any celebrity . So either I'm an original or I have a face for radio :) 
had banana bread for breakfast and loves her sister in law . 
is praying that class will be short tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > , after hearing a story about a woman whose arm was mangled when she tried to remove a stick from the blades of a running lawnmower : \She got the short end of the stick . \"" 
is still in class . Sometimes , when God answers prayer , his answer is \no . \"" 
has registered for a baby she has never met . Hope you like modern design , neutral colors and BPA free bottles , Little Bean . 
Prof . Koester's rape lecture quote of the night : \Intercourse with an unconscious female ? Bad form . \"" 
is cleaning house and waiting for the propane guy . 
has a clean house and a tank full of propane . 
working on a Saturday . Well , kind of . Sitting on the couch with Mom , checking property info hardly seems like work . 
is sleepy but can't sleep , because she is awkwardly shaped and unable to get comfortable . 
is skipping church to spend time with that stranger who lives in her house . 
thinks its probably too early to teach the baby that kicking people is not nice . Plus , she's kind of enjoying being kicked , for now . 
just met the cutest . puppy . ever . 
does not have a virtual farm , zoo , fishtank or mafia , thank you . 
Einhorn : \Why is this not a public nuisance ? \ " Daniel : \ " Because no one else seems to give a crap . \"" 
is eating a super-yummy sandwich and soup from Upper Crust , which < PROPFEMALE > brought back for her . So sweet . Can < PROPFEMALE > please come live with me ?? 
is so happy she almost can't stand it . Another one bites the dust . Way to go , Bethania ! 
A new Koester quote , on dumb criminals : \Thank God for the stupid ones . \"" 
Dear Internet , I know you temporarily lured me to an expectant mothers ' Web site/post board , but I was bored to numbness by that mess . I'm going back to Time Magazine's and NYT's Web sites , where I belong . 
You know you're an adult when you are relieved that it's your day off when you get sick , because \At least you won't miss school or work . \"" 
CNN on in background , dogs sleeping , comfy lounge clothes on , vitamins and breakfast consumed . Ready to kick law school's butt . 
Silent < PROPMALE > flies Southwest ? 
is likely to find out whether she has a son or daughter in her future today ! 
is the proud mama of a baby BOY ! Thanks for showing Mom and Dad the goods , kiddo . 
learned last night that before she was home from her doctor's appointment , relatives hit the stores and started buying in blue . 
is showering at work . It's not what it sounds like . 
Daniel : \What if you have a pig heart and you have to take your anti-pig heart rejection pills every ten minutes ? Then can you use deadly force for defense of property ? \"" 
is at her last day of work at Bidwell Pres . She is sad to leave , frustrated to have to slow down , but kind of looking forward to her free time . 
loves that instead of having to pay out of pocket for a 3D ultrasound , her doctor has ordered one and so now insurance will pay for it . 
is just trying to stay awake . 
Are you ready for your close-up , Drake ? Because I am SO ready to see you . 
just uploaded a bunch of ultrasound photos like a super-proud crazy mom type . 
is hitting the books ! 
having trouble putting her laptop on her LAP , which is shrinking real estate thanks to the belly . 
No jury instructions for type of defect -- failure to warn ? I have two very dense products liability pages from Einhorn with info for everything except that . Am I the only one ? 
Crim law ? Yes . Torts ? Sort of . Contracts ? Oh no .... 
knows all the pieces but isn't sure how they fit . 
will be at school at around 5 p.m. tomorrow to do a last-minute torts cram . All members of the 1L brain trust welcome to join . 
thinks she should < PROPFEMALE > Einhorn for intentional infliction of emotional distress . 
confidence rattled , torts grade shaken , but still in it . 
set a new personal pregnancy record for most days without throwing up ( five ) . Unfortunately , the winning streak has ended :( 
loves loves loves crim law . And hates hates hates contracts . 
is done with midterms . 
will experience her first true weekend in about three months , starting at 5 p.m. today . 
had hoped that pregnancy allergy voodoo might play to her favor and her hay fever would not show up this year . Not so much . 
is back from small group , mulling the discussion . 
is doing laundry , reading criminal law material at a leisurely pace , drinking tea , and occasionally petting one dog with each foot . Excellent morning . 
Koester , on defendant insanity : \Joe Killer is crazier than a hoot owl and he's never going to get any better . \"" 
is pleased with the outcome of her midterms . By pleased , she means she passed and doesn't have to think about products liability until the bar . 
91,000 pounds of fresh < PROPMALE > . 
has crossed a book off her lifelong reading list . On to the next one ? 
discovered a love for gardening on Sunday afternoon . And discovered muscles she didn't know could be sore on Monday morning . 
is shopping in Sac with her sister-in-law today . 
has to play grown-up tonight instead of playing school . 
is cleaning , cleaning , cleaning . 
is gearing up for a busy day tomorrow . Can't wait until Mom and Dad get home . 
is feeling the urge to deep clean , reorganize and redecorate the entire house . Clearly , does not have enough to do . 
has a belly that has officially outgrown a pair of MATERNITY pants . Wow . On to the serious maternity clothes , I guess . 
is just back from the OB's office . Drake is still a boy , still wriggling and ahead of the curve on all his kick counts and measurements . Way to overachieve , < PROPMALE > ! However , I get to go do ANOTHER blood test because my sugar levels were not so great . Gestational diabetes , please leave me alone !! 
is actually ( somewhat ) < PROPFEMALE > , but is not drinking beer , wearing green or using a fake accent today . She DID wish the dogs a happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day this morning , but that's about it . 
is awake with heartburn and a pile of work . But is smiling because for the first time , she is feeling baby hiccups . 
is slowly becoming nocturnal as the pressure to be up at 7 a.m. is removed from her life . 
is seriously counting down until the Planet Earth sequel , Life , starts on Sunday . I know it's lame , but I can't help it . 
is done being < PROPMALE > Scruby for a while . SO glad you're on your way home , Mom and Dad . 
is curled up in her convalescent chair . 
is all clammy and shaky , but got her daily exercise in . And now , the sweet reward of a hot shower and her cold pillow . 
has managed to clear one side of her sinuses . So in this case , half empty is a good thing ! 
has never been this bored at school . Ever . 
is eating cereal at night . Sorry , Pastor D . 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Scruby's spring break to begin , so she will come home and see her sister ! 
is missing her Los < PROPFEMALE > family , friends and hangouts today . Road trip ? 
Potter : \Next week our topic will be money damages and how they are evaluated . \ " Daniel : \ " Sounds riveting . \"" 
is shopping with Mom and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Scruby . 
solemnly swears to post picture of herself in her current pregnant state by Easter . 
ate red < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes for breakfast . Super healthy . 
is actually married and pregnant EVERY day , not just April Fool's Day . 
making cinnamon rolls for the Miller fam . 
is gearing up for operation Clean Out Drake's Room . 
played Catchphrase today . < PROPFIRST > Segal knows why that is a problem . 
trying to get things done , but Drake's just not cooperating . Might be time to pick a quieter activity . 
is wondering when July went from being far in the distant future to around the corner . Starting to realize that she is weeks from getting a new , < PROPFEMALE > roommate . 
didn't sleep enough and doesn't want to tackle her to-do list today . Is \grumpy\ " a pregnancy symptom ? " 
Koester : \I've got a great plan . I'm going to sit here and watch Days of Our Lives . You're going to go < PROPMALE > the bank . Come back and I'll split the loot with you . \"" 
just finished briefing her contracts case in class , and so feels that the weekend has begun . 
gearing up for a day of home ownership with all its perks . 
would like to trade her belly full of Drake for arms full of Drake , please . 
is awake and making pancakes . 
is unexpectedly getting money back from the government . Three cheers for her clever accountant ! 
is thinking of her chickadees tonight and missing their faces . 
has locked herself in her room to prepare for finals . Judging from Facebook , so have many of her classmates :) 
On a case where an elderly dance student was lied to in order to get more money for lessons : \There were found liable for putting Baby in a corner . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > " 
LOVES when someone she loves is happy . What a great day ... 
is on modified bed rest today . Anyone attending contracts tonight and willing to share their notes from the review with her ?? 
is studying , studying . Halfway through torts . 
okay , so law student poll : How many people using California jury instructions for privacy law ? How many BarBri/Flemings ? 
is watching very alarming baby kicks that make it look like Drake is trying to kick his way out . Wow , he is getting to be one big baby . 
is remembering the Three Rules : Do not panic . Always love . Always do your best . Five days until finals . 
notices that FIVE of her friends have all posted that they are sick within the last hour . Guys , if it seems like I am avoiding you and your germs , I am . Sorry . 
loves how big weather reminds her how < PROPFEMALE > people are . 
so far feels ready to take one final . The other two ? Not ready to think about that yet . 
is feeling pumped to lose her baby weight once Drake vacates his uterine apartment . All this huffing and puffing is wearing me out . 
is trying to finish strong . 
is halfway through finals , thinking of all the soon-to-be graduates she knows ! Congrats , everyone . 
is done :) Now , for a week of leisure before summer classes start . 
is basking in the post-finals , pre-grades glow . 
now has a little existential crisis every time she sees a child misbehaving . 
has cleaned her house and put away her school books . Life is good . 
gained seven pounds in three weeks and had borderline high blood pressure today . Seriously ? Apparently my body's way of overachieving during pregnancy is to make sure I get every symptom known to exist . 
just ordered her first-ever iPhone . 
just came back from a walk and is having ( harmless ) contractions . Time for a rest ! 
is gaining another sister , and loves how love grows . 
Is posting her first status from her new phone . Why didn't I get this nifty gadget sooner ? 
still has no phone service for her new iPhone . Sad , sad ... 
is so grateful for her mother . 
can't sleep when Drake is so wiggly . 
keeps going in and out of Drake's room for no reason . 
Is dragging her round self to work . 
is looking forward to the beginning of the weekend , which should be full of nesting and napping . 
is totally beat but can't sleep . Going to lay in bed and just pretend until it happens :) 
said \I do\ " two years ago today . And still does . " 
visited with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > this afternoon . 
thinks her ankles might be the size of her pre-pregnancy thighs . 
just got her grades from finals ... relieved ! 
had a wonderful day but is SOOO SLEEPY . Staying awake through class is going to be tough . 
only half an hour in ... fading quickly ... 
bought stuff to pack her hospital bag today , despite probably still being six weeks from delivery . 
Is trying to believe that July will come quickly . 
just wants to sleep , but body/baby won't let her . Starting to have irrational fantasies about how much more I'll sleep after the baby is born . This is crazy , but I can't help it . 
jumping in the shower to smell nice for the shower ! 
has a wonderful sister who threw a fantastic baby shower , and many great friends and family who made the day special . 
loves that her mommy and daddy and sissy are eight minutes , instead of eight hours , away . It's a wonderful life . 
needs a break . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Scruby . 
so much to do , so little will to get it done . Is pregnancy brain an excuse for not having homework ready ? 
left her purse at her parents ' house tonight and so is without her phone . Freaking out ... 
had contractions last night and was just told by her OB to take it easy for a week , and that Drake could come any time after that . Are we really at the end/beginning ? 
Had fun at the Kengles tonight , then talked to her husband until he fell asleep . Now reading to Drake until sleepy . 
likes that every weekend is a long weekend . But doesn't like that she will do a full day of homework today . 
is cleaning the kitchen , then resting , then making two phone calls , then resting , then doing some homework , then resting again . Then lunch , and more rest . 
is nocturnal . So what else is new ? 
was monitored today , and listened to Drake's heart rate for ten glorious minutes . 
is just about finished with class and still has normal-sized feet . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Scruby and Mom ! 
is so sad to miss < PROPFEMALE > Miller's graduation tonight , but will be thinking of her ! 
Had a long but great day . Now to sleep/return my feet to normal size . 
had a midnight visit to labor and delivery last night , but came home without a baby ( a good thing , we've still got a month till our due date ) . So blessed by and impressed with the wonderful nurses who patched me up and made me better . 
had a lovely nap today . Sorry if I missed a call from you . As soon as the post-sleep disorientation wears off , I'll call you back :) 
has doctor's permission to evict little Drake as of today ! Any great tips to get labor going ? Because I am SO done . 
is pushing through the pain .... homework pain , that is . 
Wants to sleep . Really . 
is hoping her body cooperates and doesn't swell while she tries to sit up to finish her schoolwork . 
is halfway through her homework for the day ! 
is on partial bed rest for the duration , but is told it is not necessary to \rest\ " by not doing homework this week . Bummer . " 
Thanks , everyone , for the birthday wishes ! 
Is back from the doctor's office . BP still high , more tests and bed rest today , another appointment Thursday to decide whether to induce . Hopefully we will have our Drake in our arms this week ! 
is relieved that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is retiring . 
is so disappointed . No baby today , just more tests and bed rest . 
Is headed to the hospital for yet another test ... trying not to get my hopes up . 
has another appointment tomorrow , and is too wound up about it to sleep . 
is out of bed ! Just to eat breakfast , but still , feels nice ! 
is still not dilating , is still not being induced , and is continuing to donate many bodily fluids to the lab for analysis . 
Headed out for another appointment , hoping for an all-clear to induce ... 
Nope . 
has a husband who takes such good care of her . The house just feels better when he is in it ... 
had her husband fuss over her then go out to do the grocery shopping . Then , a friend brought dinner over , family brought over a present and checked to see if I needed company and frozen yogurt . Feeling super loved ... 
Is having a baby . Right now . 
Update : labor is long , not much change after many doses of medicine to induce , despite some strong contractions . If there is still no Drake tonight we will talk to the doc about next steps . Feeling all your love and prayers and support ! 
50 hours after our induction began , Drake arrived via c section at 10 pm on the 14th . Eight pounds , five ounces , 21 inches long . He's perfect , couldn't ask for more . Pictures to follow soon . 
is home with her boys . And her canine girls . Feels so good . 
is munching on homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese , courtesy the wonderful Kengle family . Thanks for the love , guys ! 
is watching < PROPFIRST > , Drake , Brooklyn and Alaska sleep , and is preparing to join the slumber party . 
is actually wishing her baby would wake up ! I miss the little guy . 
got a toothless , milky smile from Drake today , which made up for a missed morning nap in a big big way . Sure , it was probably just gas , but it was still exciting ! 
is watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog with Drake while < PROPFIRST > takes his turn to sleep ... 
Finished her first year schoolwork today , now just relaxing with her best friend under 10 pounds ... 
Is beginning to understand the paradox that is being a working mom . Torn between mommy guilt when I'm busy working and loving my job . And my baby is only one room away ! 
Taking photos of Drake tomorrow with B . Kengle Photography ! So excited ... 
Is reading her textbooks for fun during summer vacation . How can it be wrong when it feels so right ? 
loves the beautiful photos our friend < PROPFEMALE > Kengle took of our family . Check out her Facebook < PROPFEMALE > , B . Kengle Photography ! A link to the rest of the photos she took and her < PROPFEMALE > are coming soon ! 
More photos posted at B . Kengle Photography of < PROPFIRST > , Drake and me ! Our first real family photos ! Become a fan and check them out , along with the rest of < PROPFEMALE>'s beautiful work . 
feels rested ! Drake woke up just once and was a good baby who ate , burped and slept in about 30 minutes , then let his mommy go back to bed ( without him , because he was happy in his crib ) . It was a momentous night . 
is holding Drake in one arm and reading two newspapers and a magazine on her iPhone with her free hand , since the rustling pages of the real deal wake up the babe . 
Friday the 13th -- to our family , it's a lucky day . Our < PROPFEMALE > was born on Friday , July 13th . How fortunate we are to have her ! Thinking of her today . 
is running on fumes today . 
Is the only soul still awake in the house . Time for some homework ! Wills , here I come ! 
Homework for the week complete , house clean , baby asleep . The Wedding Singer on TV . It's a good night . 
starts her new diet one week from today . Actually kind of excited -- SO ready to put on my old skinny jeans . 
woke up to find Drake in his crib , happy and smiling . Lifted him up to breathe in that sweet baby smell , only to find not-so-sweet diaper smell . I gagged . Drake just giggled . Good practical joke , < PROPMALE > . You got me . 
is headed back to school tomorrow . A personal first--I'm not even a little bit excited for school . Just grim determination this time . 
just attended a beautiful wedding for two people who are a wonderful fit for each other . 
loves her little house with her baby asleep in it and her husband next to her and her two dogs stretched out on the carpet . 
' s purse has a Weight Watchers point calculator in it , her car has a car seat base in it , her nightstand has a Bible in it , and her TV has Oprah on it , because she has become her mother . 
spent all day with her bed , her books and her babe . 
is looking for some excitement today , but she's pretty sure she isn't going to find it at Costco . 
came home from school to a clean house and a happy baby . Great job , husband ! 
loved the rain and cool weather today , and also loves that she is as far from an evidence class as is possible . 
Who would have thought the class I would be excited about is wills ? Learning to love the dead and their money ... 
remembers where she was when she heard the news . 
just found out that her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Abbott is coming to visit her and be present at Drake's dedication on Sunday . I am so happy , I am actually whistling while doing puke laundry . 
is confused . Lots of people are posting stuff about Oktoberfest , even though it is only September . Why is this ? Educate me , my beer-drinking Facebook friends ... 
sleeping baby , completed homework , clean-ish house . What's a girl to do ? Outline hearsay , of course ! 
tidying up and making breakfast for the Millers and Doyles while I wait for baby and hubby to wake up . 
is filling in the gaps in her outlines and getting ready for more notecards . Two weeks ... 
is blown away . Drake has been asleep for eleven consecutive hours . I checked on him and he's fine , just snoozing away . What a sleeper ! 
BABIES ... have taken over my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > ( which is fine , kiddos are wonderful , but WOW there are a bunch right now ) . Are any of my friends NOT reproducing ? 
just found out that her Evidence midterm will be November 10 , not November 3 . Life is SOOO good . 
has completed this week's tests , and has had a shower and some dinner . Ready for some sleep . 
Hey law school buddies ! Anyone know the reading assignment for property ? To 332 or 384 ? Or neither ? Clue me in ! 
has a little baby with one little tooth and a very BIG bite . OUCH , Drake ! Careful with Mommy's fingers . 
Go Giants ! You're my team , win or lose . 
thought she wouldn't get trick-or-treaters until a dozen showed up and cleaned me out . 
Has a baby who officially can roll over , tummy to back . 
loves that she just watched her team win the World Series with her little boy . When we won and I cheered , he just laughed and laughed . I think this is a Drake memory I'll have forever . 
is itching to travel the world again--it's been too long . 
< PROPFIRST > is on his way to a job interview at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brewery . This is a job with opportunity to expand his horizons as a graphic designer , not to mention it's a pay raise . Interview starts at 9:30 . Say a prayer for him and drop a note on his wall if you think of it . 
just found out that < PROPFIRST > didn't get the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > position . We are bummed not to get the job , but happy that he'll still be freelancing and spending so much quality time with Drake during the day . 
is nervous , but taking comfort in the fact that the test will all be over in about six hours , and I can be more than just a student for a few weeks . 
is The Girl Who Lived . 
likes how love-spoiled Drake is . So many people who adore him and want to be his friend -- what a lucky little guy ! 
is listening to her baby snore in the next room . He is about to be FOUR MONTHS OLD . Four months ago this minute I was laying on an operating table and waiting , five minutes from meeting my favorite person ever . Happy month-day , Drake . 
Drakey Update : Drake is even more vaccinated , weighs a whopping 16 pounds , 12 ounces , and is 26 inches long as of today at his 4-month check-up . This means he grew 3 inches in two months . 
is slogging through one more day of work and school , but looking forward to cooking all day tomorrow with Mom , then eating all day Thursday with everyone . 
Moments ago : Put sleepy Drake back in his crib to snooze another two hours . Right now : Online Black Friday shopping . Later : Seeing Tangled with my Mom , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Scruby , < PROPFEMALE > Pendergrass , and maybe < PROPMALE > Newcomb and Daddy . 
has been informed that she is going to a nice dinner with her hubby and then .... HARRY POTTER !!!! Ahhh , finally . 
is having her usual mental collapse in anticipation of finals . FYI -- now may not be a good time to ask me how law school is going . 
7:39 a.m. Baby fed and sleeping again . Kitchen and living room clean . Laundry started . Property homework complete . Evidence homework complete . Finals prep commencing . All before breakfast . Ah , I love the smell of productivity in the morning . 
loves < PROPFIRST > Miller and hopes he feels better soon . 
Change yourprofile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To notsee a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
is figuring out the new profile thingy ... hmmm ... 
a day that still lives in infamy ... 
babies , babies , everywhere , and mine won't go to sleep ... 
packing up and getting in the car for four hours of finals . If you think of me this morning , say a prayer . I'm going to need it . 
still has a little Christmas wrapping to do , but is finally catching up with her life . The house is clean again ! Woohoo ! 
is finally getting to this year's elf duties . And is taking Christmas cookie suggestions -- looking for some unique ideas . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I actually considered bacon chocolate chip ... 
loves laughing so hard with her mom that our eyes well up and our stomachs hurt . Drake is really hamming it up today . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Newcomb is a lucky man . 
is officially signing up for spin class four mornings per week . Mondays and Wednesdays from 6 a.m. to 7 a.m. , then Tuesdays and Thursdays from 5:30 a.m. to 6:30 a.m. Anyone want to come and be my spin < PROPMALE > ?? 
is changing her hair . Thoughts ?? 
just paid off the very last < PROPMALE > from Drake's birth . Sorry , hospital , you can't repo our baby anymore--he's paid off . :) 
is thinking of < PROPMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > Miller , who are coming to visit ! Can't wait until they get here ... it makes Christmas complete to see our Oregon Millers 2.0 . 
went to the first Christmas of the year , at Grandma < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Was so touched by all the love and excitement for Drake . Can't wait to see him next year with soon-and-coming Zoey Elizabeth -- felt her for the first time in < PROPFEMALE > Simmons ' cute little belly ! Just one more month ! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > gift . 
Miller Christmas all day today , little Christmas morning , just us and Drake , first thing tomorrow , Scruby Christmas dinner and Grandma's birthday tomorrow afternoon . My heart = full . 
watching the Berlin State Ballet's performance of the Nutcracker on television , writing a response to Daddy's Christmas letter , checking out the features of my new Kindle and basking in the last of the Christmas glow of family , food and fun new toys . What a blessed holiday it's been . 
is doing the post-Christmas deep clean of the house , watching the babe and helping hubby get the garage organized . Love that feeling of a spotless house . Wish it could last more than ten minutes ... 
experienced her life's lowest low so far and highest high so far in 2010 -- such a worthwhile year . Also , forever the year Drake will enter in every \Date of Birth\ " box he ever has to fill out on a form . " 
is heartbroken . School has returned . Does hating this make me lazy , or in love with my family , or both ? Ugh , no matter what , school beginning again makes me sad . 
hears a funeral dirge playing somewhere . School starts tomorrow . 
has finally finished her evidence homework , with 93 minutes to spare . Yes . 
any of my law school peeps have a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book they're not using ? I'll happily buy it from you or take a donation :) 
\I'm not about to revamp the entirejudicial " 
\I'm not about to revamp the entire judicial process just because you find yourself in the unique position of having clients who say they didn't do it . \"" 
Just finished watching \My Cousin Vinny\ " for the first time . Now prepared for evidence next week ! " 
doing family photos today with < PROPFEMALE > Kengle ! Excited and nervous for the weather and Drake's mood ! 
has a sweet little baby who turns into an insomniac at bedtime . We do a bedtime routine every night , and we try to hold off any snoozing , even short naps , after 5 p.m. Any ideas on how to make this kid poop out like he used to at bedtime ? I KNOW he's tired , but he fights sleep SO hard . 
is about to be a ... second cousin ? Early congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Simmons and < PROPFIRST > Simmons ! 
has not been outside today , and found out it was cold via Facebook . 
is kicking butt with this whole dieting thing . I've lost two pounds ! But it's only been a few days and cookies are calling my name , so it may be too soon to celebrate . 
believes that epidurals , baby formula , disposable diapers , babysitters and pacifiers are wonderful tools that , used correctly , can make the hardest job on earth a little easier . I'm pretty sure CPS isn't going to come and take my baby away for the use of them . But thanks for the advice , random lady . 
has a six month old today ! Drake the last six months have been crazy and good . It's a privilege to be your < PROPFEMALE > , my Little < PROPMALE > . 
six minutes from the exact moment . Dreaming of the next six months , and the next , and the next , and the next ... 
Is anxiously waiting for a sneak peek from today's photo session ! 
Four meals down , two to go ! 
has officially lost 10 pounds since < PROPFIRST > . 1 . Yay ! 
is , ironically , updating Facebook while watching The Social Network . 
has a baby with the < PROPFEMALE > , but not the ability , to feed himself . He's not ready for just playing and eating with fingers , and he will NOT take food on a spoon from me . He has a little mesh sleeve for soft foods , but this doesn't seem like enough nutrition , nor do teething crackers ( which he loves ) . Any mommas out there have babies too independent for their own good ? What did you do ? 
thinks the Luvs diapers commercial where babies fill their diapers on stage to be judged by a panel of other babies is the weirdest thing EVER . 
Just met the incomparable Zoey < PROPFEMALE > Simmons . What a little beauty she is -- she gets it from her gorgeous mom ! 
Drake just put himself down for a nap for the first time ( went into the crib sleepy , then fell asleep on his own ) . We have just turned SUCH a corner ... 
Drake Miller sound asleep . < PROPFIRST > Miller out with < PROPFIRST > Kengle to catch a show . Dogs snuggled on their beds . Perfect homework conditions . 
just read the very last case in her Evidence casebook . Oh , Happy Day ! 
wants to be the world's best mom , an awesome wife , a kick-butt-and-take-names journalist , a sharp and conscientious attorney , a woman of faith , a loving and dutiful daughter , a sweet and helpful sister , a fun and funny friend , a citizen of the world , and also , I would like my enchiladas to stop burning on the bottom when I bake them . 
anxious , nervous , excited and praying for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and their Tacy . 
is relieved to hear that Tacy is out and that the final phases of labor went quickly . Waiting for more detail , but it seems everyone is healthy and happy ! 
just got home from the hospital and meeting Tacy for the first time . 
was blessed to snuggle Tacy and chat with her mommy/try to help out a little today . That little one is a handful , but < PROPFEMALE > is doing a great job ! 
wants to be a grandma when she grows up . 
has no school tonight . Jesus must agree that I need a catch-up-on-the-laundry day . 
So , today , I dug my pre-pregnancy jeans out of the closet to try on . I've been waiting to try them just because I didn't want to be heartbroken if they didn't fit . I pulled them on and ... THEY ARE TOO BIG ! YEEEESSSSS !!!!!! 
Despite not feeling so hot thanks to a food poisoning incident , today was awesome , thanks to my caring , devoted husband , my funny and helpful mom and dad , our new housekeeper who made me feel super spoiled , and the makers of Angry Birds , whose latest update included new levels ! What a day ! 
can bring home the bacon and fry it in the pan . 
Evidence has ended ( Praise God ! ) , so now we have Gengler back for his weekly 3-hour lectures on wills and trusts . Ah , it hurts so good ... 
is not with Drake right now , but can tell you which of his fingernails and toenails are the longest and in need of trimming tonight . Can also tell you that his left nostril was a little stuffy this morning and his gums on the top right side looked just a < PROPFEMALE > bit tender -- new tooth coming ? Crazy how well you can know another person . 
is excited that freedom and democracy isn't an American invention , but a human one . May there be a spirit of reason and peace in Egypt as the people take hold of the freedom they so deserve . 
CLEAN SHEET DAY !!!!!!!! 
is grateful today for < PROPFIRST > . This is our 9th < PROPFIRST>'s Day together . Every year I am more blessed to share my life with the best friend , soul mate and partner in crime I could ask for . He makes every day < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
looked forward all day to quiet study time in an empty house . Now that < PROPFIRST > and Drake are gone , I'm missing my boys and their noise . 
Up early to get things ready for the boys today so I can go shopping with my < PROPFEMALE > for her WEDDING DRESS !!! 
has snapped back to reality and remembered that midterms are next week . Uh oh . 
will likely be in the LA area for the weekend of March 6 , arriving Friday evening and leaving midday on Monday . If you're in town and want to get together , message me ! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Hayse and < PROPFIRST > Hayse have birthed a celebrity . I have seen more photos of Miss Addalyn on more friends ' profiles than I can shake a stick at . That must be one busy hospital room ! 
Property midterm today . Lots of studying left to do . 
Thanks , everybody , for your encouragement yesterday ! I survived another property exam , which means I have just one more to go in that class ! Who knew the class I was most excited to take BEFORE law school would be the one I'm now desperate to finish ? Civil Procedure exam tonight -- should be far less stressful ! 
is saying goodbye to television at home . One less thing to distract Drake's little mind from learning and growing . 
My heart is so full . Got home from a test , saw MIL , settled in to do some reading when I heard a stirring in Drake's room . Little guy woke up , reached for me , gave me a big hug and a sloppy kiss , then fell asleep again on my shoulder right away . Thanks for waking up to say goodnight , Little < PROPMALE > . 
Making lots of plans for the big SoCal visit in a few weeks . So excited to see family and friends who are like family , and to visit all my old haunts . 
Shopped like a boss today . Like . A . Boss . 
Just finished tax close-out sheets for the family's business . Ugh . When you are in the property business , April 15th is not about applying for a fat refund--it's kind of the opposite . Thinking I might deserve some hugs for contributing to the US Treasury while they issue my friends all those refund checks ... 
Getting ready for my favorite day of the week , full of worship , teaching , great food , family , our small group family , Drake's smiling face and drilling evidence flashcards . 
is just a few hours from not thinking about evidence for another two years . Pray for me -- I need to finish strong with a good grade on this final ! 
No wills test next week . Win . 
PUNCH . THE . CARD . 
is home from the big SoCal visit after driving all night . It was a great trip , but it's SO good to be home ! 
Ugh . Real Property Midterm Grade = Painful . I'm going to have to have a heck of a final exam . 
I have lost my phone , and so am not responding to calls :( If you need me , Facebook is the best way to reach me , or you can call < PROPFIRST>'s phone . 
Phone officially , permanently lost . Will obtain replacement tomorrow . Until then , feeling aimless and lost in the world . 
Thinking of < PROPFIRST > Miller and how awesome and capable he is ... 
just found out that if you walk off the street and sign up for AT&T , you can get a $50 iPhone . However , if you have been their customer for four years , replacing your phone will cost at least $300 to replace the phone you lost . 
Clearly doesn't have enough to do , and so is picking up a little hobby -- super couponing . I can't help it -- I just love a bargain so darn much . < PROPFIRST > Scruby should be proud--I've found my Craigslist . 
My own , personal box of Girl Scout cookies . Mmmmmm ..... 
Goodbye forever , AT&T . After today , I will no longer be a Virgin mobile virgin . And I will pay $25 per month for what costs me $80 with AT&T . And < PROPFIRST > will still have Angry Birds , so at least there's that . 
NEW PHONE NUMBER : ( 530 ) 403-7844 !!! Please send me a text with your name in it , so I can add you to my new contact list . 
