going crazy 

Why does it always rain on me ? 
www.superfly.fm 
... also called \formula generator no . 1\ " or \ " the new Einstein \"..." 
new record : gotten up three hours after the alarm clock rang ... 
should really start working and quit daydreaming ... 
the prospect of flymeeting at four freezes all my creativity ... if there's yet any left 
Bin so ein Trottel ... 
Ist es ein Hund oder eine Dampfmaschine ? 
Just ordered shoes for Kalle ... 
I want my own Ford Transit . 
... just invented \Blätterteigtaschen mit Birnen-Zimt-Rum-Füllung\ " . At least in the oven they look delicious ... and the smell ! " 
feeling sick :-( 
Das war < PROPFEMALE > wie Weihnachten und Endlos-Shoppingtour in einem ... bin immer noch ganz berauscht ;-) 
fast schon im Urlaub ... 
Jetzt schlafen und morgen fruuuuueeeeeeehhhhh aufstehen ! 
Schon ein Land weiter ... 
back in Vienna ... 
really needs to write a manuscript ... but how ? 
Just booked my flight : 14.1 . Vienna - LA , 20.5 . < PROPFIRST > - Vienna !!!! 
HEADACHE 
Visa issues are driving me crazy !!! Next time I definitely go to another country than the US ! 
Unsere Wände sind dank Nando jetzt blutgesprenkelt ... und das , obwohl die Katze noch gar nicht angekommen ist ... 
Jetzt schon fix und fertig ( nur mit dem Packen leider noch nicht ) ... was fuer ein Tag !!! 
LA rocks ... soeben Blog aktualisiert . 
Sooooooo muede . 
... flippt gleich aus weil das Fotohochladen nicht funktioniert ! 
Na endlich ! 
In < PROPFIRST > . 
Warum schlafen bloss alle ? 
First promising results !!! At least they have survived the first ten minutes ... 
Really exhausted from watching the Superbowl . 
Gewaechshauswetter 
Just found the mistake in promising results from last week ... 
Caught the bus home just in time , engines running - except the driver was missing ... 
Mistwetter ... wozu bin ich eigentlich in Texas ??? 
Biking in < PROPFIRST > is not half as fun if your fingers are too frozen to shift the gears ... 
Texas is a strange place , full of strange people who are right now freaking out about a little bit of snow ... ;-) 
... faehrt jetzt los ans Meer ! 
lecker Kaffee ... 
What's on my mind ? EQUATIONS ... Doesn't that sound busy ? 
27 Grad , gleich gehts los zum Campen und Klettern ... 
close to totally freaking out about work ! 
Why does every single one of my results have to fall apart this week ??? 
spent one week redoing all her calculations just to get the old ( and wrong ) results again !!!! 
can't believe her dashboard is forcasting thunderstorms for 5 out of the next six days ... 
feels like things are getting better . 
back to the usual state of stress and despair ... 
is finally beyond random mating , yeah ! 
totally sees through female preferences now ... at least in theory . 
Progress boost . 
will be crossing the Atlantic ocean in exactly four weeks from now ... 
Uncertain . 
ab in die Wüste ... 
has arrived safely in Vienna , and has a crazy story to tell ... after a nap ;-) 
Can you believe that somebody upgraded me to\ 
Business class from Washington to Vienna ? I'm still trying to figure out \ 
whether I was just halluzinating . 
got sunburned in Vienna ! 
got the keys for her new apartment ! 
No internet at my new apartment ... which might even mean no internet till Monday ... but : LOOOONG WEEKEND !!! And it starts exactly ... NOW ! 
New hair . 
and Kalle are county champions now and have qualified for the < PROPMALE > cup ( DVG-BSP) !!! 
Deutschlaaaaand , Deutschlaaaaand ...! 
just finished the the most amazing letter of recommendation for herself . 
Donauinselfest ! 
Nothing . Tiredness is killing my brain . 
Some silly person must have accidentally introduced Texan weather to Vienna ... 
Car broke down the day before the trip to the < PROPMALE > Cup ... veeeeery nice . 
and Kalle placed 6th on the DVG < PROPMALE > Cup !!! 
forgot both her phone and her office key at home . Congratulations ! 
No Hawaii in January :( 
has a cold and Kalle has a sore paw ... 2 days before the Nationals . 
off to the Nationals . Silly me . 
Tanz der Vampire ! 
Work sucks so badly :( 
Thanks y'all! Finally made it home from a tough workshop day . Call me ( 069919096570 ) if you want to join for Sushi and a cocktail at Nestroyplatz NOW ! 
@ whoever gave it to me : I did NOT wish for a cold as a birthday present ! 
In Prague . Had a super < PROPFEMALE > Sightseeing Sunday and is now heading for beer and dinner . 
Gaaaanz allein im Büro ... sehr ungewohnt . 
\Things are looking great . \ " ( < PROPFIRST > K . at the end of our Skype meeting ) " 
Off to the 60's ... 
Wannabe scientist . 
Do projectors work with RGB or CMYK colors ? 
HALLO-WIEN !! 
6:04 am . Back home , and face back to almost normal color . Tomorrow will be an awesome work day . Not as awesome as last night , though ... ;-) 
My nail polish color matches the color of my tea mug . This must be a good day . 
spent approximately the whole day approximating approximately unimportant things . Approximated time to madness is of order epsilonˆ2 or higher . 
Aus der Zutatenliste der \Instantnudeln Garnelengeschmack\ " : ( fettgedruckt ) Das Produkt kann Spuren < PROPMALE > Schalentieren enthalten . \ 
Beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Sunday wine hike in Hohenruppersdorf . Train breakdown in Bad Schweinbarth . Are there better names for little Niederösterreich villages ? Saw lots of oil pumps , reminding me of great times in Texas ( not related to oil pumps though ) . Let's not talk about the horribly smelling old guy sitting next to me in the train ... 
Where is the \Restart\ " button for Today ? " 
Don't try to call me ... phone is dead for now . Guess where I dropped it . :( 
Backup phone activated . SIM card is still alive . Cross your fingers for the recovery of my lovely phone . 
Life is soooo hard . You should really work . To compensate , you need some exercise . You go play Beachvolleyball . Of course , you get hungry , have some Sushi and beer . It is very convenient to go for a Glühwein afterwards . Suddenly , you end up singing Karaoke . At least it was a holiday anyways ;-) 
Has arrived safely in Bad Salzuflen after 11h and 970km of snowy landscape ... 
< PROPFEMALE > vom Flughafen abholen !!! :-) 
hates math . 
Starting to freeze - our heating broke down last night :( 
