Employed ... This is new ... 

GenCon Indy , here I come ! See y'all Sunday ! 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay or lesbian . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , but acceptance and equal rights . Make this your status for at least an hour .? Promote love and acceptance , not hate . 
Just lost it watching Jackass . Avoid all cocktails . 
Old Spice Reference in latest Team Four < PROPFEMALE > Dragonball Z Parody = EEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCC ! 
Just saw the PCHS Cabaret at the Epic . Concentrated awesomesauce . Everyone who ever existed should see that show . You've got 1 day left , ' cause Saturday's sold out!There's some pretty awesome stuff goin ' on ! 
Embracin ' the grind . 
Happy Thanksgiving all . Know that I will be ashamed of you if you can get up from the table without leverage . 
A lot of people said good bye to a good person today . R.I.P. 
Woot for all three exams on 1 day with fifteen minutes in between . I'm sorry , did I say woot ? I mean fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-k ! 
Bitin ' the bullet : getting up at 5 for get ready for exams all day . 
3 and out . All exams done on Monday . After I cried , I felt good . 
Went and saw Black Swan . AMAZING ! That's one of the most tense movies I've ever seen . Freaky as hell , and I like it . 
Thank you much all ! Not to be sappy , but it means a lot . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ALL ! 
Just saw The Fighter . GREAT MOVIE . Everyone go . Now . I'll wait ... \ 
Christian Bale ftw . Best Supporting's goin ' to him unless < PROPMALE > Rush comes in with his A-game in < PROPMALE>'s Speech . 
Goin ' to Pennsylvania for a few days to spend some time with mom's family . Less-than-concentrated-awesomesauce . Whilst I am off the radar , adios , motherf-ckers . 
First day of school down . Things're goin ' well . :D Wait , there's another ? 
Just saw ' < PROPMALE>'s Speech ' . Damn good movie . Everyone should go see . Good acting , really funny , and incredibly riveting for a film about speech problems . I somehow missed ' Social Network ' , but as it stands , ' Black Swan ' and < PROPMALE>'s Speech ' are the top 2 of the year . ' Then Machete ' . :) 
So , on the videos it recommends I see , youtube has a < PROPFIRST > Bieber video . Not gonna lie , kinda insulted . 
Saw the SAG's . Liked most of what I saw , minus a couple odd choices . Lookin ' good for the Oscars . 
So , my weekend : See PCHS ' awesome Hairspray produciton on Friday ; watch the latest UFC on Saturday ; watch the Superbowl on Sunday . \ 
Hellofa weekend , if I do say so myself . 
Thought is was gonna be freezing . Wore two sweaters and two pairs of sweatpants . Wasn't until I moved about 50ft . cubed of snow that I realized it wasn't that cold , and I was gonna die of heat before anything else . Best way to start off the day . 
Seein ' Hairspray in a couple hours . Ready for a large does of awesomesauce ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , early nominee for Knockout of the Year ? Frontkick to the face ftw ! 
PCHS Hairspray , week 2 ! Break a leg ! 
Well done to cast and crew of PCHS ' Hairspray ! Another great job . 
Got muh power back . Didn't need the heat , but the light is soooooooo nice ... 
So , turns out you really can't stop the Toyota . Despite an 8 . earthquake and a huge tsunami , production remains largely unaffected . 
Just finished Portal . Now I understand where half the gaming humor today comes from . 
She's an evil enchantress , and she does evil dances , and if you look deep in her eyes , she'll put you in trances . And what would she do ? She'd mix up an evil brew , and she'll gobble you up in a big tasty stew . Soooo , watch out . 
