I hate mondays 

Life is good 
The < PROPFIRST > Shutters economic stimulous package < PROPMALE > and Ebay , CRAP not again 
I have a four day weekend , what to do . LOL 
Going to a wedding this weekend but maybe soon . 
I bought a Case VAC to restore . As usual it has turned into a rather large project , but has been a lot of fun . 
I wreckon I should get on this more than once a year . Looks like everyones been busy . 
Ever feel like your on the outside in the rain looking in ? 
Is it the fact that it takes two people and a wooden plank to raise a fat man that everybody likes ???? 
And besides < PROPFEMALE > if you look closely at the plank you can see a nice bow in it . 
Out of everything i have ever done in my life so far . Quiting smoking is the hardest . I want to eat the ashtray . 
It's great to have a family to stand beside you in everything you do . 
A day off and recordings of RFDTV trains and locomotives ... Yay me . 
It hasn't even been realy cold yet and already i'm missing a shore , my fishing pole and a swarm of mosquitoes to cuss at . 
< PROPFEMALE > took me out on my first black friday experience . I didn't get to see the fight in walmart that resulted in some lady's bloody nose , but it was an experience . We started at ten thursday night and finished at ten friday morning . Wow . next year hot chocolate and peperment schnapps . 
I spend every day fixing equipment that costs anywhere from from a couple hundred thousand to a couple million . I get my but kicked trying to install batterys in < PROPFIRST > the train . Thanks for the help < PROPFEMALE > . 
The tree is up . For all of you that are wondering , oh yes it has a train going around it . Totaly cooooooool . 
Well maybe a little carried away with the christmas lights . I can stand outside at night and it looks like day . 
None of us can change our past , but if we broaden our future , our past is not in vein . 
There just isn't enough time in a day to lay around and do nothing . 
so lets review i'm a normal 40% redneck < PROPMALE > Bundy . How does that work 
Sometimes when it's broke , it's broke . 
Of all the animals in the state to hit on the road . Why did i have to hit a black and white one . Where's a deer when you need one . 
Sleepin in tomorrow 
Sometimes you just have to go for a drive . 
Kobe Jordi and i followed the IAIS tribute to the Rock Island tonight . We got stopped and out of the car at an intersection and what a super cool engineer . He < PROPMALE > out the window and waved away then just rang on the horn . I really need a ride in that one . 
So we started the downstairs bathroom remodel today . As we was removing the false ceiling we found : A light bulb turned into a smoking device , a razor , a mirror , and two straws . Somebody that lived here forgot to take everything with them . With every project you always get a surprise . This isn't what i had in mind for a surprise . lol wow . Well the trash man will take care of it on tuesday . 
A cold weekend of camping and we come home to four new baby kittens . 
Lets see who truly reads my status ... You and I wake up in a police car together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words are harder than you think ) :) 
Ok so we went to Creston to see the hot air baloons . Due to weather we didn't get to see any fly . We did however watch the parade . There was a balloon recovery vehicle in the parade as it stated on the bug deflector on the hood of it anyhow . On the doors of the SUV was the funeral home service that it belonged to . I'm thinking : no need for crash survival statistics , that pretty much sums it up . 
The best part of Sams club is you can buy raisin bran four pounds at a time . 
