seven days ..... :) 

OMG 4 DAYS PPL !!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS EXCITINGGGGG 
is sooooooooooooo excited for sundayy , i couldnt even sleep last nite <3 
chocolate rama is the best thing that ever happened to the world !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had the best night of my life . thank you so much to all the people who came to my sweet 16 and made it so amazing . i will never forget what a great time i had with all of you . i love u guys !!!!! 
thanks so much everyone for all the birthday wishes !!!! i had an amazing dayyyy and im really happy :D 
For the first time in years I actually didn't have homework left for the last day of break . Go me !!! :D 
OMG I LOVE TODAY'S GOOGLE HOMEPAGE <3333333333333333333333333 
had fun today playing at the < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > D'Souza , < PROPMALE > C . Salamat , Kunzah Funzah , and < PROPFEMALE > Duskin :D 
got a new and not broken phone :D 
got a russian facebook :P add me if you have one 
Happy Birthday Dr. Aronson . Thank you for being an amazing teacher , mentor , and person . 
yeah < PROPFEMALE > !!! nice game today :D :D :D \ 
good luck USA ! 
10 Days until im 17 and SAI starts ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
great job < PROPFEMALE > !!! lets get it :D 
6 days , 10 hours , and 30 mins :D 
saw Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > Rubel and had an awesome night <3 
i need a life . 
happy 4th of july everyone !!! 2 more days :) 
all 1061 pictures from russia are up !!! sorry for being so lazy , but it took forever to upload them ... if you find the < PROPFEMALE > to look at all of them you will be very amused :) 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone :) 
congrats to Spain !!! i wish the cup wasnt over though , i had fun watching the games 
totally exhausted lately , but it's so worth it :) 
everyone involved in the mexican dance party on tuesday bring $5 tomorrow !!! :D 
everyone involved in the mexican dance party on tuesday bring $5 tomorrow !!! :D \ 
Christian Skippy Malloy < PROPFEMALE > McFee < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rubel < PROPFEMALE > Asperti < PROPFIRST > Walsh 
are you ready ?!?!?!?! 
feels like sunday ..... bleh 
made a kick-ass pan flute today !!!! :D 
la fiesta !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
any old sai ppl who want to come see the sai concert on july 29th at 10:00 am let me know tonight so i can ask for extra tickets !!! 
so apparently my birthday is also National Fried Chicken Day ..... I hate fried chicken . 
omg Memphis was completely absolutely amazing !!!! one of the best musicals i have ever seen !!! :D 
SHOUT OUT TO MY BFFL < PROPFEMALE > Murnieks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE YA :) 
my throat hurts really bad and it sucks . life lesson learned : never eat pastina again ... 
I miss everyone from SAI already . I'm so upset that it ended with me not being able to see you guys , but I love you all !!! I'm gonna miss every single one of my fellow band geeks , and I have to make sure we keep in touch ! You guys made this an amazing summer for me . We must have a reunion for SAI !!! Luv you all and i'm gonna miss you !!!!!!! 
back in florida from my cruise !!! I had the most amazing time everrr !!!!! Got to see actual blue water , went snorkeling , WENT SWIMMING WITH DOLPHINS , climbed a huge rock wall , danced with more guys than i could count , and ate more food than i normally eat in a month !!!! vacation = success :D 
is finally home !!! :D 
who's going on the senior trip ? 
this is a good day to curl up on the couch in sweats and fall asleep for a few more hours . 
doesn't like needles ..... not at all :( 
i know this is late to ask but do we have any summer work for ap russian or ab calc ?? lmao 
5 colleges + Niagra falls in 3 days ... starting tomorrow !!! good luck to me lol 
had a great time visiting colleges and niagra falls ! school in a few days ... 
hangin out w/ fluffy <3 
school tomorrow ... i miss summer already <3 can't wait until the next one !!! 
period 2 gym anyone ??? please answer its important !!! 
SENIOR SOPH SING BAND !!!! Sign ups are tomorrow after period 9 in the auditorium . No audition necessary . Anybody who plays any instrument whatsoever is encouraged to sign up . Emails will follow with plenty of information :) 
what a crazy week .... cant wait for friday and the weekend !!!!! 
does anyone have a copy of Like Water for Chocolate that I could borrow for a week or 2 for college creative writing ??? 
anybody want to help me with college creative writing ?? starting the summer work now because i was never supposed to be in the class ... ideas for kiterunner film vs . movie ?? 
i love that feeling when you shut the lights and lay down after a very long and frustrating day . such a relief :) 
thanks mrs. murphy for posting for everyone to see that i apparently havent done my summer reading . maybe you should actually listen to me next time i try to explain that i was never supposed to be in this class in the first place , so instead of having 2 months to finish everything like everyone else , i only have a little while , along with all my other hwkkkk . ughh 
< PROPFEMALE > much to do and so little time to do it :/\ 
at least tomorrow is friday :D 
i sooooo wish i would be automatically accepted into my first choice college with a full scholarshipppp .... lol i'm wishing and hopinggg 
i finished journal entry 1 of 12 ..... this is gonna take a while 
if you see this and you have ms. k for A/B , please help me with the calc hwk !!! its urgent and i have no idea what to do . thanks :D 
last time i checked , 50 multiple choice questions isn't a \quiz\ " that a teacher can tell us about the day before ..... " 
its been a very long week ... hooray for the weekend :D 
freezing colddd . i miss summer already 
dear photographic memory , i wish you would please extend a helping hand to my pitiful success at memorizing 60 vocab words for my test tomorrow . i would appreciate the assistance .... 
??? ?????? ?? ????????? ? ?????? ?? ??????. 
no idea what to write for my yearbook blurb and i have to finish it tomorrow ..... 
Great job band kids !!! You guys did an awesome job tonight . I had so much fun , and I love all of you <3 
If anyone is interested in joining the New York All-City High School Marching Band , please send me an email , a facebook message , a text , or anything !!! Information will be available in Mr. Rams's room ( C-39 ) this week . 
No more SATs for me !!! Now I actually get to look forward to my saturdays :D 
went for a run today for the first time in forever :D 
I absolutely love every single person in the SSV Sing Band <3333 You guys are some of the most awesome people I have ever met , and I could have never had this experience without each and every single one of you . You all did an incredible job every single night , and I am proud of all of you . :D 
5 apps down !!! only 7 more to go :) 
Happy Hanukkah to all my friends and family . I love you guys <3 
Please donate a few bucks to help a poor Shih Tzu named < PROPFEMALE > who needed spinal surgery in order to avoid being paralyzed for the rest of her life . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > took in < PROPFEMALE > when she was about to be euthanized because of her paralysis . Now , after ... surgery she is recovering , but her < PROPMALE > parents need a little help paying for the surgery . A small contribution can go a long way !!! 
???? ????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Band Concert Tonight :D 
??????? ?????????....!!! 
I got into Penn State !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 for 1 :D 
Got a virtual holiday card from Wagner that had a virus on it ... Happy holidays to you , too , Wagner ............. 
FREEDOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Hanukkah , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and Happy New Year . Half-breeds FTW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
did anybody else apply to the University of Rochester ?? 
Got stuck in an elevator in school today :( lol 
AHH !!! My crazy life is turning me into an organized person ... with agendas and ( dare I say it ) calendars !!!!! Oh , the horrorrrrr 
Writing review sheets for every test really does pay off during finals week :) 
\Music is what feelings sound like . \ " <3 " 
Hungerford Day just completed my life ! It was such a nice feeling to be able to make so many other children smile :D 
Woke up , shoveled for a few hours , then spent most of the day sledding and rolling around the snow . I feel like a 5 year old again and I love it !!! 
Need to get out of the house . Anyone available before school starts ?? Let's make plans ! 
Just finished watching Fiddler on the Roof <3 \ 
I rarely sit down during the school year to watch a movie other than < PROPMALE > Potter , and I watched 2 movies in the past 2 days ! This is what regents week does to you lol 
New Shoes :D 
Free 9th !!! Woot :D 
Let me know if we have a class together !!! \ 
1 : Physics w/ Ferrigno\ 
2 : English w/ Murphy\ 
3 : AB Calc w/ Polizzi\ 
4 : Lunch\ 
5 : AP Russian w/ Ush\ 
6 : Law w/ Kirschbaum\ 
7 : Band <3 \ 
8 : Gym\ 
9 : FREEEEEEEEEEDOOMMMMMMMM 
I hate this Skedula website . Why would our school switch to a website with a stupid layout that makes no sense ? I all of my assignments say they're handed in and graded , even when they were assigned today . Listing assignments by date is confusing me like crazy . Ughhhh 
So according to skedula i've been present to band 4 times , present to math 5 times , and present to gym only once even though there's been only 3 days of school and i haven't missed a class . What is this ?? 
Busy week , it's only Tuesday !!! lol 
56% error for my math hwk problem . I obviously know how to do math without Ms. K ...... 
I just destroyed my brother's high score on Fruit Ninja :D 
I got into Stonybrook :D 2 for 2 !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love conducting <3 
I got into Binghamton !!!!!!! 3 for 3 :D 
Had an awesome day !!! I got into Binghamton :D Conducted the band at the Freshman Orientation , GREAT JOB WIND ENSEMBLE <3 < PROPMALE > out with 5th graders from P . S . 42 and taught them about how to play their instruments !!! 
