\and all i want is to rock your soul\ " . bad mood . " 

loves her . 
< PROPFIRST > is super amazing and i love her ! 
just sent a letter into LA INK casting call :)) 
Well we're at the point where im waiting for you to reply . those few words i need to hear . to keep my sanity i say goodnight for now . 
poof there it goes ... 
is looking for someone to shock her with a conversation 
\Deep in the darkness my heart still sees Everything that I'll never be Behind these eyes I'll go everywhere \"" 
just hit the submit button for my college application . so nervoussss 
thinks someone should say hello :) 
is very disappointed in people 
loves the office 
got accepted into Seattle University !!! 11:11 works after all . Oh my godddd 
I didn't feel an earthquake ... 
Mehhhh :( 
Pride 2010 :D so close 
Hmmmm . My problem .... I'm clingy . Sigh . Late start slash work tomorrow . Night 
I'm trying to figure out the name of a cartoon where in the opening the kid is riding a tricycle up a huge staircase . And chacha's ignoring me !! Does anyone know ? 
I love my girlfriend 
My mom bought me pretty in pink !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Going BOGO shopping . Awesome morningggg 
Um ... 
Follow me Down the streams of sweat on your body Can’t believe 
How I wish you could see the potential . The potential of you and me . Our loves like a book elegantly bound but in a language that you can't read . 
He makes me so fucking mad !!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > show on Monday . go see my drawing :) 
Doesn't feel happy 
When I don't keep my mind busy , I think about it . When I think about it , it knocks the wind out of me . Can't sleep . Pride tomorrow 
Phoenix pride !! Let me know if I'll see you there :) 
I love < PROPFIRST > more than one million bright sunflowers 
Feels unwanted 
Blah blah blah . :/ 
Where'd she go ? Hmm 
Going to bed with a heart barely beating . Can't breath 
Tattoo tomorroww . So nervous . Permanently altering my body . Eep 
Sitting at the tattoo place . Here's hoping . Don't chicken out ! 
Did it ! Didn't cry ;) looks awesommmmme . Dads mad though ;) 
Good hookah places ? Let me know ;) 
Had the best birthday ever thanks to her friends that texted her and her amazzzing girlfriend ;) 
Feels like a blob . Yup . B . L . O . B . --- cleaning ! 
Formspring.me/proudtolove Ask me ! 
Can't sleeeep 
Formspring.me/proudtolove :) 
At a drive in movie with my favorite girl . Aw yay :) 
Had an awesome night with her girl :) 
Dear porcelain and the tramps , you make my heart sing 
sheriff < PROPFIRST > arpaio for govener . I'm leaving 
http://www.formspring.me/proudtolove 
:( 
Roller derby on Saturday anyone ? 
... you're funny ! Kiss me :) 
Work tomorrow . Sleep Friday . Roller derby Saturday with my girl and drake :) . Then 30 seconds to mars with my girl and < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday :D also national peircing day :) 
< PROPFIRST > totally snapped my bra strap :o I'm plotting my revenge now 
I love my stats class ;) 
Whatever 
This weekend is going to be of epic proportions 
Is upset 
Had a good time last night ;) . Tonights only going to be better 
I don't feel well 
Does anyone want a long haired chiuaua ? He's going to the humane society on Wednesday . Hoping to find him a good home 
Dear < PROPFIRST > mraz ; please come to phoenix to play a concert . I don't ask for much . And I'll buy two shirts and a cd if you do . Signed with love , < PROPFIRST > 
I don't understand why girls get mad when other girls have sex with their ex ... Your broken up 
My sister eats literally everything in the house . So dumb 
Whatever man :( 
Anyone else sitting at home like a loser on a Friday night ? I'm starting a support group . 
Feeling unwanted ... night 
Going to work . Gunna kill a bitch 
Last day of highschool and I'm sick . Yup karmas a bitch . 
She's so funny ;) makes me giggle 
Okay we can get some cranes and lay down a giant paracute over the place . Everyone can sit on that . Or just nuke the place ? ( bonus points to who knows what movies this is from ) 
Can't sleep ! 
Is thankful for < PROPFEMALE > at this very moment . How I love her ability to jump into bestfriend mode everytime I need her 
I hate that me loving you hurts me so much 
Who all got far out new laptops for graduation ?? me !! 
My wifi won't work :( 
I'm going crazy . This isn't working . 
Today turned out to be fantastic :) 
Eh 
Everyones out of town :( 
Oh what the heck ---- If you like this status , I will post something I like about you on your wall . Make this as your status only if you want a challange !! 
I still remember a year ago . :) happy 1 ! :) 
;( I miss you 
Can't wait to see splice ! 
I want another tattoo 
I just want to know you're thinking about me 
Everything is okayy 
Not in a good mood 
I think < PROPFIRST > should let me pay to get her nails done . 
is done neglecting her friends now . Sorry guys :) love you all . 
Going to see Splice today :) 
My poor sister :((( 
Saw splice today .... What the fuck ?? 
this thinking about changing her mind and going for the tramp stamp hahaa 
Whatever man 
on skype . these networking sites bore me . lets talk ! 
i miss < PROPFIRST > marchiony 
You know ... the world has no way of cleaning itself ... that's why there's so much dust ! * bonus points to anyone who knows this * 
So nice outside 
I'm sorry 
I have a confession .... I'm a closet < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher fan ... Damn 
Seattle , wait for me I'll be there soon . And don't have too much fun without me . 
Battle in Seattle is the best movie everrr ! 
I'm so mad right now 
I know where I'm getting my tattoo !!! 
Fuck you pro prop 8 supporters . Damned close minded bigot losers . Ugh . I'm unnatural ? You wish your vanilla sex was half as good . 
I loove XXX only the first one though . Second one sucks 
Just ordered my prayer beads :) aanndd I love < PROPFIRST > marchiony :) 
What the fuck ? Bad night .. 
I don't know my schedule yet but I've been assigned to NAUs McConnell dorm . Woo .. I think ? 
new phone !! i need your < PROPFIRST > though :( ps . iPhone sucksss 
i love you , but you make me wish i didnt 
pumping myself with caffeine ... 
fuck . is all i want to say . fuck everything 
you never loved me . and im sorry i wasted my time trying to make you 
sigh -- deep breath 
tylenol pm here i come 
death cab , heading to the mesa centre for contemporary arts , i love < PROPFEMALE > stark ;) 
i'll always love you 
im so sad ... but not for the reason youd think ... im just wholely and deeply sad ... so weird .. 
so confused ... sigh 
i almost changed my mind 
is officially unemployed :) good day fo sho . aannnddd i got two of the best movies today ! 
aww fireworks :) 
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus !!!! i neeeed to see it ! 
i dont like not being able to get email on my phone :( i miss so much 
ow is everyone today ? 
my is my wall saying i answered questions about people ? i didnt answer any questions :P 
anxiety is pumping through me 
goooooodmorning facebook 
doctors tomorrow !!! text me facebook :) 
mad 
tired of the illegal immigration law talk 
whateverrr :/ 
dear life , stop boring me to death .. on a lighter note , today was fun :) 
i wanna go shopping 
free slurpies at 7-11 !! why are there no 7-11's close by :( 
Survey says !... youre a jerk . 
< PROPFIRST > marchiony likes < PROPFIRST > Bieber 
anxiety :( someone text me 
hello my facebook friends :) 
trying to like Away We Go 
Bicentennial man ;) a night at home . ah :) 
2 hours , 26 minutes till Silversun Pickups AH :) ! 
holy crap . silversun blew my mind . best freaking show ever . < PROPFIRST > almost died though , but she felt better soon . 
In need of an adventure 
has decided shes not ready for NAU .. 
please ignore my momentary super annoying Campus < PROPFEMALE > wall posts ;) 
not happy at all . what the fuck ? 
anxiety . 
is pretty happy . Dorm has been switched to Tinsley :) Roomie assignments going out this week :) 
where is that < PROPFIRST > of mine ? 
got my room assignment and my roomie :) its all comin together now 
Night facebook . tomorrow will be a better day 
heres hopin for rain ! 
going to see how to train your dragon with < PROPFIRST > . shhh its a suprise ;) text me ! 
I cant believe it but i actually just checked out /b/ and goddd ... melted my brain . too many anti social weirdos out there . ewww * shudders * 
\maybe shes a homophobe .. \ " now jaimes got me all stressed out . sigh " 
Friday :) going to be a calm day of cleaning and getting my toes done :) 
anxious all the time . watching Children of Men . text me ! 
I'm going insane , must be time for sleep . Goodnight <3 
Haha cant sleep . An old anime show just popped in my head . Anyone remember Ronin Warriors ? I am now searching to watch online 
is looking for a pair of rainbow DC AT-2 shoes to replace my old ones . anyone know of a good place to buy or of style shoes ? 
is sooo upset !! my poor shoes :( 
In washington for about two hours now , and i already hate it . ughhh . eight more days to go 
Spent my 1st day being ignored , listening to snickers and jokes about a closet gay , and getting yelled at because my sister is a liar . 
wooooow . i was so dumb hahah 
always so anxious . i cant keep my mind busy enough , what is wrong with meee . 
just went to the movies and saw ... well ......... twilight numero 3 . and didnt hate it . ah how the mighty have fallen ... haahahah 
sigh i believe she may be ignoring me 
meh 
back to good ol ugly mesa , az . the only good part is getting to see you . 
Prop 8 has been repealed ! still a long journey ahead but a step in the right direction :) 
tomorrow shall be fun !!!!! :) movies this weekend ;D 
why yes i did choose to be gay , just to piss you off and ruin the institution of your marriage . youre welcome . :D going to open house tonight . meet me there 
i wish there was a way to erase my whole wall and start fresh . hmmmm 
bored , i miss my xbox and late night Fable playing . sigh hahaa 
off to watch 8 again . it makes me cryy 
i do try . so very hard to love all of mankind . Mankind just doesnt always love back 
i laugh at your face 
Finally got my NAU Schedule !!!! im a business < PROPMALE > and i have no business classes ... in fact ... i dont have much 
thinks < PROPFIRST > marchiony is swell 
my room is feels empty without you 
blahblahblah . 
why is myspace trying to be facebook ? :( i cant even like it anymore its so annoying . bring back old myspace please so i can enjoy both sites 
youre the O to my oreo 
ugh !!!! freakin giant spiders ! end of the world is near i swear . In a creative mood . i might draw :) 
i hope friday never comes 
is not going to nau . so there 
Dearest NAU , \ 
\ 
FINE ! ill still go to school . but im leaving to somewhere better next year . this year better be fun . I hate you\ 
\ 
signed with hatred , < PROPFIRST > 
good ending to the night :) 
and her mom are being investigated for fraud by Victorias Secret . Oh what a week ive had . Off to tell my dad to call the bank ! 
ah :/ friday is here . have to get up in five hours and say goodbye to < PROPFIRST > :( nightt 
at nau !! my peeps up in flag , hit me up !!!! 
has hurt feelings . hopfully tomorrow will be better 
what a blur 
is getting used to college :) 
Each night it ends too soon\ 
you don't hold me like you used to\ 
and your eyes look like they've seen too much\ 
It's always some excuse\ 
Too tired , too obtuse\ 
you look so far removed , \ 
this time I fear I'm losing you 
is not going to my first class today cuz im a rebel . :D 
i really miss some people :( 
so happy for this weekend :)) 
sooooo apparently sudafed and dayquil arent supposed to go together ... damn 
< PROPFIRST > will be here in thirty minutes !!! 
college is awesome :) 
the l word marathon with my roomie this weekend :) join us ! 
i HATE when i actually pay for food and its grossss 
annoyed . off to enviromental science :) 
i thought today was gunna suck but it isnt . know why ? pumpkin spice is back at starbucks ! 
blahblahblah meh 
everyones too busy tonight haa . off to go watch \did you hear about the morgans ? \"" 
still mad . Today will consist of maybe getting food . pjs . And the l word :) 
wait ... are people actually burning the Qur'an today ? what is this ? 
someone has some serious sucking up to do 
is going crazy !! 
everyone sleeps too much 
wowwww . the word Bitch comes to mind . 
going to give today a fresh start :) of to lunch and target :) 
its times like this when alllll i can do is laugh hahahaha 
is gorgeous 
a little down again . 
blahblahblahh 
philosophy rocked :) my theories were finally appreciated . off to do laundry 
goddddd i love tea 
god i just love college so much , i want to double < PROPMALE > and have a minor !! do i have the time and money ? 
have mercy and just kill me noww 
\im your huckleberry . i play that game\ " \ 
hah ... haha ... hahahahahhaahha .. ahem ... bahahahaah 
just got a package from < PROPFIRST > . shes my favorite :) <3 
not feelin too hot . wish i had some chicken soup ! 
is having a bad day 
my night just got a little bit better :) 
ive heard it all before . 
ah relivin the good old days with kottonmouth ;) breakfast time yo . lets talk today 
ocean's 11 :) 
watching the l word with my roomie :) come by ! 
needs a change 
okay ... deep breath , smile , and start over ; everythings going to be okay . i have an awesome roommate sigh . 
is not having a good day .. 
my mind was just blown with mayyy to much information on cats <3 
is having an awful weekend thanks to her 
dear facebook , it has been a long day and i think it is time for bed . goodnight <3 
off to go get some academic advising !! let me know how youre doing ;) 
is now officially an < PROPMALE > minor :) 
wants to watch waking life :( someone help me out ? 
You used to do a little but a little won't fly\ 
Right before you hit your prime\ 
Thats when we fell in love but not the first time 
do me a favor . distract me so i dont have to clean ! 
blahblahblah 
doesnt feel well ... woo lab today ! 
off to Michaels ! 
NAU career fair ovtober 5th . the Peace Corps is going to have a booth set up :D go ask questions ! 
anyone want to help me find some non profits ? 
lies lies . as always 
sigh , artistic failure today . < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... today ! :) night facebook 
had a confusing morning ... 
ruined 
is crazy 
just had theeee best weekend . ah 
i understand so much more now .. i wish you would have just talked to me 
cant sleep 
\I couldn ? t face a life without your lights\ 
i need a walk ... but a walk with no ipod is just excersize sigh 
First firdays flagstaff style tomorrow ;) gunna go party it up with local artists :D 
Katies a man now !!! 
hm ... hell if i know 
listening to angry alanis morissette music , yesss 
\One of these mornings\ 
< PROPFIRST > Payne is ridiculously and amazingly incredible . I wish to be as awesome as him ; which explains the recent changes that have come about in my life . See photos for details . 
< PROPFIRST > Payne payne WISHES he were cool enough to be me , hence why he took over my facebook , its quite sad actually . :) 
Stumbling through the dark with a broken heart , all alone at it once again\ 
Seeping in like a feeling you haven't felt since way back when 
is listening to ... HIM yeah i said it 
She had the eyes of an angel\ 
With a heart like a traitor\ 
And a gun with a trigger\ 
In her hand pointed at her 
totally ... definantly ... might get a tattoo this week 
damn ! i have an expressionism to finish !! 
too ... early ... 
oh cute us what we aim for . how i would love to fall asleep listening to the curse of curves . nap time 
ugh .. why ? 
is turning self mutilation into a fine < PROPMALE > 
it was going to look so bomb :((( 
no really , what the fuck ? 
off to classes . feildtrip in the storm today woo ! 
just walked through shooting hail , cant breath , but found my mala !!!! 
today deserves a giant F 
hey you ! i like you and you should ask me out . \ 
... someone will appraciate my charm one of these days ;) night facebook 
has a song stuck in her head 
what an unexpected good night ;) 
baym ! 
i would just like to crawl back into bed now . thank you 
jackass 3d friday !! words can not describe ... 
ughhhh ! i need an organizer . completely forgot my family was coming in this weekend 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thrush is a baby and needs to keep her side of the room clean ! 
nothing makes my day like yahoos news blurbs on their home < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
jackass ... epic 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thrush says my ego needs deflating ... she is grouchy this morning 
as much as i love you ... Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are way better . <3 
Going to Oak Creek today :D looks like another rainy lab . 
why is facebook showing me status and activity updates from people im not even friends with ? 
will not do her homework 
Paranormalmovie.com, paranormal activity 2 trailer . watch to 45 seconds , rewind to 40 seconds and pause . ...... this movie is going to be freaking awesome 
has decided not to go to class today , and instead will crawl back into bed and wait for miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thrush to get hungry so i can make her breakfast . 
I drift away to a place , another kind of life -- take away the pain , i create my paradise 
Nothing beats a day sitting in the room with my roomie . < PROPFEMALE > funny . talk yo ;) 
Floating by listening to < PROPMALE > Nathanson ( thank you mommy ) , finishing a picture for < PROPFIRST > Norfleet <3 ( suprise ! ) , and waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to wake up so i can make some grilled cheese . Add to my magnificent day and say hello . 
should have just gone to < PROPMALE > school . sigh 
will be forever greatful to anyone who will bring me a colorful set of oil pastels so i can draw some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > trees :) 
just went to a buddhist meeting and got some meditating done :) 
is in the market for a new roommate . any takers ? ;) 
< PROPFIRST > Norfleet is getting the best christmas present ever ! what a lucky bestfriend i have . 
an acoustic cover of < PROPMALE > airplane .... i dont think i can pull this off 
no offence facebook , but myspace has a new updating coming out , if i like it ... im leaving you <3 
secondhand serenade , why have i neglected you ? 
tell me , tell me what makes you think that you are invincible . i can see it in your eyes that youre so sure . 
so our RA was like camped out at our door chatting with her friends ... doesnt she have her own room in a different hallway she can < PROPFEMALE > out at ? 
is so ready to move on with my life ... 
actually did an assignment for philosophy . score ! 
in 2008 i dyed my hair blue for obama ... i wish i had a bowl to smoke for prop 203 
excuse me while i get killed softly , my heart slows down , i can hardly tell you im okay . 
god , all i want is some fast food 
sick :/ 
just ate medicine with duck heart in it . Take that flu ! <3 
mmm some soy milk and < PROPFEMALE > Joplin . life ... is .. good . sick or not 
some nights id just like to scream , then i find comfort in the silence 
done with classes for the day . time to sing some < PROPFEMALE > joplin and clean my room 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thrush is ajerk face who is no longer my friend 
oh Kill < PROPFEMALE > you always know how im feeling <3 
To everyone who gives me shit for not supporting veterans day ... please explain to me how getting plastered and spending today sleeping and hungover is a good way to \remember our troops and all theyve sacraficed for us .. \ " just sayin .. " 
Cant wait to visit home . i miss my friends stranded in mesa <3 
tonight is lame ... LAME 
ahahahah someone just called me a f @g . @ sign included . so funny i couldnt even be mad 
just call me < PROPMALE > Wells ... tonight didnt end up too bad . 
oh < PROPFIRST > Bird <3 today has been fanstastic . surpise visit from < PROPFIRST > , super hot girl with dreds , and a long awaited new indie playlist . ah :) 
if i tell you a secret do you promise not too look at me like im insane ? 
is a horrible person ... sigh aha 
lets get this week started and hope its better than last 
I am almost willing to go on an LDS mission just to be able to travel SOMEWHERE . * almost * ... i havent completely lost my mind 
Whose up for a road trip to LA this weekend ?? Jacks Mannequin , Something Corporate , and < PROPMALE > Nathanson :D 
is so excited for her cali trip ! much needed man . just gotta get through a few more weeks . finishing up homework while listening to Ani Difranco <3 
i'll admit it ... sometimes i miss desert ridge , we had some good times <3 
please . just kill me right now . PLEASE 
Dear starbucks , your caramel brulee blowss my mind . thank you . and how the hell do i enable cookies ?? 
Dear NAU , lets work out a Buy one < PROPMALE > get one free deal . Please and thank you 
just totally freaking bought Waking Life . anyone wanna join ? 
i am so excited for my classes next semester . 
I'm feeling a little bit taken advantage of now that i think about the whole thing .... hm 
Mesa tomorrow :) <3 
the rain is overpowering the sound of my guitar :( going to be an interesting ride home ... 
this weekend was good :) so freaking excited for next weekend !! <3 and the snow is pretty :) <3 
Is in need of a creative mind to help with a friends christmas present . any takers ? 
mesa again tomorrow ! should be fun 
off to get some coffee and a bagel . should brighten up my mood :) 
i think i want to buy a firebird ... ;D 
Ive been making a man , with blond hair and a tan , and hes good for relieving my tension . 
Its not thanksgiving till my mom brings out the jello shots . I love parties :) 
cant find my phone charger :( 
you make my heart beat a little faster , and even though i know i shouldn't , i find myself hoping that's you calling me on the phone 
now i remember why i hate being home ... Cant wait for this week though :) 
is so proud of < PROPFEMALE > cooper today !! And i've slacked wayy too much this semester ... ugh 
I HATE the snow :( everything is so dead and colorless . 
fuck all these lesbians with the < PROPFIRST > bieber look . I'm gunna rock the Conan <3 
Conan is wearing Jeggings :DD <3 
Got to see stars last night :D so awesome . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > - \Depression increases self genital-mutilation in teens ..... what ?? It's true . \"" 
A true friend lets you give them a tattoo out of your dorm room . <3 ! so excited 
Today was ... interestng . 
would very much like to just crawl back into bed today . 
Meteor shower the 13th :) blahblahblah 
Fuuuck ! 
a call from < PROPFIRST > Norfleet just made my day a million times better :) <3 
Conan tonight at eleven , come watch ! :) 
is losing her mind , good thing < PROPFEMALE>'s here to remind me 
A clockwork orange and oil pastels :D 
:D pretty woman is on :) <3 
today is such an awesome day :) 
i miss the foo fighters :( 
had the most amazing night . meteor shower <3 
New < PROPFIRST > Eat World CD kicks sooo much ass 
Lookin for acopy of Clerks , Can anyone help me out ?? ;) 
Coffee and Cigarettes\ 
As simple as it gets\ 
Of all the things I think I'll miss , \ 
There's staying up with you 
cant wait for mesa tomorrow :) 
first night in mesa was good ;) 
DADT has been repealed :D 
just saved a lizards life to have it killed by a dog :( 
had fantastic day ;) havent laughed his much in a long time . geez i cant believe christmas is almost here . 
passed all my important classes , now i just have to make sure to work my ass off next semester . 
And today is even better than yesterday :D 
got modern family from my momma :D goodnight facebook 
if i didnt want a tattoo and car so bad , this job wouldnt be worth it 
loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Marchiony 
April please come faster !! 
dear Kiwis and raspberries . thank you for being so colorful and delicious . <3 First fridays tonight ! hell yes ive missed phoenix 
is sick and would just like to watch movies for the next two days 
I want a new mala ... hmmmm in other news ! im done with work :DD 
noooo . i dont want the new profile ;/ 
had the most fantastic day ! hopfully tomorrow will be good , last day in mesa town and theres one more person i have to see ! <3 Loove 
glad to be back in the dorm , but i already miss everyone i left in mesa ;/ 
phone went to hell , anyone know where the AT&T store is in flag ? 
i built up some bad < PROPFEMALE > somewhere , ugh what an awful day 
i wish i was home .. 
May be transfering to ASU tempe campus ... 
new phone , need your < PROPFIRST > :) 
is devloping an appreciation for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Imagine that 
needs a crash course in christain theology , anyone willing to tell me about it ? 
Life is beautiful and today was great . <3 
today = moving mountains+ finishing EVERY one of my < PROPMALE > projects Ive st < PROPMALE > ed + cupcakes with my roomie ... if she ever comes home 
well what the fuck 
Rearranged the room- check , perfected a new cover- check , go to math for the first time- check , only one more thing on my to do list for feb , its gunna be a good month :) i miss youu 
< PROPMALE > Escobedo is a bag-o-shame 
< PROPMALE > Escobedo and < PROPFIRST > Hilgenberg are both bags-o-lameness 
wish i was going to first fridays ... i cant believe how fast a year goes by .. 
for what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun ? one year time flies by 
i wouldnt give you the time of day 
can i set up a shortcut on my desktop for websites ? 
anyone know of any good websites to watch movies for free ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thrush just informed me that her coochie does indeed snatch .... what in the world .. 
Sometimes ... all you can do is laugh 
Everyone on facebook is getting tattoos ! i wanna join ! 
must have STUPID written on my forehead . Yup ... there it is 
just BOMBED my CIS midterm ... why am i in school again ? hahaha 
fuck you snow ! 
about to paint a masteriece ! anyone have enough faith to buy it ahead of time to help fund ? :) 
I love each and every one of you , goodnight 
someone please come get me so i can see the aquabats !! 
seriously annoyed , but its gorgeous outside <3 
not even ani difranco and cream of wheat could fix the mood im in . ugh 
oh conan <3 
furious 
wooooow . i loove google chrome 
oh bright eyes <3 put me to sleep 
In the valley :) first stop ... bookmans ! 
found four scorpions in my back yards :D i loove black lights 
someone come scorpion hunting with me tonight ! 
bad day ... i miss < PROPFEMALE > Cooper 
so tired .... dont wanna go to school tomorrow 
mehh 
fuck you snow ! i thought we had an understanding ... we're over and im seeing someone else . His name is rain and he's ten times the storm youll ever be . so just go away . --- but really , im freezing my ass off while the valley gets beautiful beautiful rain . what the hell 
hooow did i know 
i sometimes wonder what it would be like if i had responded differently to what you said once upon a time 
cant wait to go home again 
hurt 
is really getting tired of the audacity of some people ... seriously 
mehh , bad day yo . Time for bed and my podcast :) lots of work tomorrow 
i am sometimes very disappointed in myself ... sigh 
i know some real assholes 
is gorgeous and tough 
too much ;p 
siick :( 
i try to be a bad ass .... it isnt working ... katie just isnt scared of me like she used to be .. 
