can't wait to race ... so excited 

i hate being by myself . as much as i want more freedom i wish my family was back already . 
i wish that saturday were already here . i want to race sooo bad 
hope the rains hold off today . i want to race soooo bad !! 
had a good work out morning !! 
sooo tired . i slept way too much 
stupid rain . i hate it . it rained out saturday . :( 
i finished second last night !!!! YAYAYAYA !!! 
Happy happy birthday to me to who , me thats who !!!! 
soooo sore from all of the moving i have been helping with and from the crap night i had saturday with the racing . 
i feel like pooooooo 
wishing that i could some how be with < PROPFIRST > right now . i miss him so much already . got a 2nd job ( or at least 4 shifts ) at the animal ER . hope i do well and possibly get more shifts . keep your fingers crossed for me . 
so tired and i have a shift at the ER in an hour . me want more sleepy time !!! 
missing < PROPFIRST > , working two jobs is < PROPFEMALE > tough . i dont ever get to see anymore it feels like . but the experience at the er is < PROPFEMALE > oooooo awesome . 
i finally won a race with the TQ . led every lap , it was rough 
RIP Booma . you will always be missed with me and < PROPFIRST > . 
i'm mad , i'm trying to get pix from saturday nights win and facebook isnt letting me :( 
had a great weekend of racing . finished 2nd friday night and came from behind to finish 3rd last night . It was an AMAZING race . ( from what i'm told ) 
man i wish dec 5 would come already so i can race !!! 
why cant my stupid teeth stay together 
please everyone go to official sponsor.com > canidates > sports > find me and vote for me so i might be able to get prilosec otc to sponsor me . 
blue and gray with poka dots 
this new my touch i got for < PROPFIRST>'s b-day is kind of sweet lookin 
workin on a racing dvd for prilosec sponsorship and its aggrevating getting it perfect like i want it 
hope its busy at the er today dont want to be bored like it usually is !!! 
want to go racing soooo bad !!! 
time for the race tonight !!!! CANT WAIT !!!! 
stupid lights went out last night at the races . didnt even get one race in . but my dad got me a cool jacket for coming 2nd in points last season and that made it better . 
just wanted to say thank you so much to all the people who kept voting for me on the prilosec sponsorship because I GOT IT !!!! 
practice was grrrreat last night . new car was smooth an d fast 
just made my first batch of jambalya and it tastes great to me . GO ME !!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the recipe 
Can't wait til Saturday for our race ! 
Osteen's was great parents played a cruel joke w/ the restaurant w/ givingme dolphin instead of flouder 
Finished 2nd in the heat and 5th in the feature . So an ok night 
finished second in the heat and then after a screw up on my part finsihed second again in the feature 
On my way home to go to the concert yaayayaya 
At the arena eyeyeyeye 
if anyone would like to see my race cars monday morning at 10 they will be up at turn 2 motor sports on beach blvd for veiwing . 
my little sister graduates tonight !!! Im so proud of her !!! 
RACE DAY ! !!! 
drinking a sun drop mmmmmmmm 
had a race rain out yesterday : ( 
By myself laying out on the lake . Wish I had a tanning < PROPMALE > right now 
So so sleepy . Need some work to come in tonight so it will go by fast 
Need of a shopping < PROPMALE > right now : ) 
man i love being able to spend all of your next paycheck with out even getting it yet . aint that just a hoot 
Working at the er today and I'm sooo tired 
< PROPFIRST > is taking me to dinner and to see a movie ... im ready im ready !!!! 
Hope the rain holds off tonight so I can race . Its been entirely too long since my last race 
cant wait for my b-day sunday dad is taking me and my family and some friends to the itchetucknee and i cant wait 
B-day already starting out bad . Boyfriend can't even show up to be with me . Ain't that just great 
i want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep 
I WON !!!!! last night 
Waiting to go running with < PROPFEMALE > 
Sooooo sore 
So tired , don't want to work at the er today 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > and it's soooo hot 
Going racing and I'm crazy excited 
Only five more hours to go at the er 
Wish the car issue was over . Its so annoying . 
On the way to the track hopes it'll be a good night . Time to go racing boys 
My dad brought my car back to life . Said there was minimal to no damage to the motor . I'm so thankful for him !!! 
Hope tonight's race finishes better than last weekend . Lets go racin 
I won !!!!!!!! 
Got my gymboss now I wont slow < PROPFEMALE > down with our runs in the mornings 
can i just say that running suck big booty . i feel the results when i don't get as tired as i did when i was racing before i started running but man does it suck 
SOONERS WON !!!!! 
How bout that tide !!!!! 
it was so cold this morning on the run . Didn't go the regular 3 due to asthma bothering me but did do about 2 < PROPMALE > so yay 
Oh well finished third outta nine but might have dropped to third in points 
Oops was just told got beat by five points for the championship 
Walking back to work . Only ran mile instead of three . I feel so lazy : ( 
loving my new phone !!!! 
I'm so addicted to word fued it's crazy 
Well finished second not bad I guess 
At the er by myself :( 
after a long day at the er you don't expect to see someone standing in the median on < PROPFEMALE > boulevard modeling poses in a blue glittery dress 
Sooooo bored at the er 
Ran this morning and didn't have any asthma problems hopefully I figured out my pace 
Just got done making the brownies for tomorrow it was sooo much fun making them and drawling on them . Hope everyone likes them tomorrow 
At the turkey < PROPMALE > run and my calves are BURNING !!!!! 
Way to go noles !!!!! 
Yummmmmm < PROPFEMALE > lemon sundrop !!!!!!! 
Had a great run . Time improved by 5 minutes !!!!! 
Gin 
finally figured out my stupid messaging thing on my phone !!! excited and i feel better now lol 
today was the day from hell at the er 
Opened aarons x mas gift early . it was a playstation3 move and its a blast 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas everyone !!!!!!! 
I love my family I am heading to < PROPFEMALE > s now . having a great day already 
Just got done eating some delicious spinks/hawley dinner . It was amazing !!!!!!! 
Working on my scrapbook loving my short little vaca even though I can't go anywhere 
about to do my first 5 to midnight shift , its going to be crazy 
Omg two hours after I was supposed to leave finally done . tonight was crazy 
Eeeeeeeee !!!!!!! Only one more car payment . 
Just made my first batch of beef tips ( never had them before either ) and they turned out really yummy 
About to do my taxes I hope I get something back so I can move out when the money gets to me . * fingers crossed * 
i got enough back EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE get money the 11th and will hopefully be out then or a little after 
got my tax return !!!!!! moving out this weekend !!!!! 
In now in good hands lol 
Crazy day today . Moving out and already trying to buy my first washer 
This auctioneer is giving me a headache 
My jobs down fall- being bit by a cat and having to go to the doctors . It sucks big big butt !!!! 
Just got done with the breast cancer marathon expo . Man that was alotta pink , guess Sunday is going to be even more with the marathon 
The cat that bit me last Sunday was negative . Big weight gone 
Finished my five < PROPMALE > in about 1:28 . Never ran that far I did at heck of a lot better than I thought I would 
found out yesterday that my race time was officially 1:23 not 1:28 . So i feel even better about how i did in the relay !!!! 
Thank you everyone that I worked with today being able to let me leave early . I had a great day of much needed pratice . Thanks again guys 
I love getting off work early and come home , use the neighbors dock and catch two fish within thirty minutes . I love living on this lake !!!! 
Race day sooooooo excited . Hope to take the 2011 championship 
Heat race done . Won that now time to win the feature 
Well completed the night with a feature win !!!! great race night for us . Too bad points weren't involved 
Sitting at the dentist . Man I don't wanna be here 
RACE DAY !!!!!! 
Remind me never to go on vaca in colorado . They are craaaazzzy 
Just saw somethin HILARIOUS a three year old or so just shoot his dad a bird and then take off running 
Race day !!!!!! 
i feel like poo !!! is it 6 oclock yet :( 
Dear Congress , Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year I cannot decide on a budget . Until I can come to a decision that fits all of my needs and interests , I will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow . Repost if you agree 
They take a job knowing they will never get < PROPMALE > . They missed out on many holidays & events because of work . They may have to lay down their life or take another . Their life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress . Yet you think they're overpaid & and you won't pay them because you can't work together to keep our govt running . Yet you will pay yourself ? SHAMEFUL !!! Post if you support your MILITARY ! 
Omg just tried some of nikkis new recipes and mmmmmmmmmm they were good 
Havin friends here cookin out with the lake breeze ... man this is fun 
Sitting at the house bored outta my skull wish I could go out 
