soooo bored !!!!!!! i think too much when i'm bored , and that's never a good thing for me !! s 

anybody else think that it's a bad idea to keep a 4th grader and a 1st grader out of school for a full week just to go to the beach ? maybe it's just me ???? 
sooo bored , geez there's nothing to do but to do nothing . if that even makes sense . 
really do you want to know what's on my mind ?? i don't think you do 
hmmm , i don't understand ? 
just A thought ; strength is nothing more than how well you hide the pain inside 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ???????????? 
I'm not supposed to be scared of anything , \ 
But I don't know where I am\ 
I wish that I could move but I'm exhausted\ 
And nobody understands ( how I feel ) \ 
\ 
I'm tryin ' hard to breathe now , \ 
But there's no air in my lungs . \ 
There's no one here to talk to\ 
And the pain inside is making me numb . \ 
I try to hold this under control , \ 
They can't help me , cause no one knows . 
Im so tired of this , I just want to give up 
aint got nothin to say ! 
~ To all the moms out there , rejoin the fun and post this ~ how much did your baby weigh ? < PROPFIRST > 8lbs 12 oz , < PROPFEMALE > 8lbs 1 oz , and < PROPFEMALE > 8 lbs 6 ozs 
i am < PROPFEMALE > bored !!!! i wish i had a life ! 
sooo i wonder whats going on ??? whats goin onnnnn ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Allred January 18 at 3:14 pm u know i miss u , i just wanna kiss u but i cant right so kiss me thru the phone . -gahh i miss u badly ... :( well aint that just sooo sweet 
From : Facebook < notification+ii1-1-5d@facebookmail.com > To : < PROPFIRST > Painter < paintermaiden@aol.com > Sent : Fri , 18 Dec 2009 17:33:59 -0800 Subject : < PROPFEMALE > Allred sent you a message on Facebook ... < PROPFEMALE > sent you a message . ( no subject ) \so it sucks really bad not talking u .. & idk if its my phone or urs but i hope it starts working soooon ... imu .. alot ... ;) \"" 
I AM EFFIN AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The girl who seemed unbreakable ~ broke The girl who seemed so strong ~ crumbled The girl who always laughed it off ~ cried and The girl who would never stop trying ~ finally gave up 
what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you ; what am i supposed to say when i'm choked up and you're ok ; i'm falling to pieces 
What a wonderful day its been ~ inventory to start it off next comes my first ass ripping from the dm then comes the conference call that only 6 stores decided to call in for . Oh i dont think im gonna like this job so much :( 
Here goes another day , wonder whats gonna go wrong this time 
* cause when i close my eyes and drift away i think of you and everythings ok * 
* Im broken like promise , im shattered like a dream , im broken with all my pieces scattered ' round for you to see , im broken like a record i sing the same old song , im broken like the heart of a girl thats run away from love too long * 
Why is it im scared to death of what i want ? Dang it a stupid text scared the crap outta me , i dont know what to do 
Ughhh 
I am in need of some motivation today ! 
* One of these days i will have the courage to go out and get the one i want i just hope its not too late , for my heart shall be broken * 
Hmmm i think that i think too much , but when i think about not thinking it only makes me think more about why i think about him ? 
* So close no matter how far , couldnt be much more from the heart , forever trust in who we are , and nothing else matters * 
* i close my eyes and i see your face i hear your voice i know your taste * 
Well im here bout to start the undoing of the last 10 years of my life ......... 
Its been a long hard day think im gonna go to sleep now 
Good things come to people who are patient enough to wait for them ! Trust me i know it just keeps getting better and better :)))))) 
*** it's 4:03 and i cant sleep without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea , if i drown tonight bring me back to life , breathe your breath in me , the only thing that i still believe in is you , if you only knew *** 
Be patient and fearlessly persue your dreams , who knows you might get what and who you always wanted !!! 
Hmmm thinkin i want to ........... 
** our houses are protected by the good Lord and a gun , and you might need ' em both if you show up here not welcome son , our necks are burnt our roads are dirt and our trucks aint clean , the dogs run loose we smoke we chew we fry everything , out here , way out here ** 
ha least i have one kid that takes after me , my 3 year old baby girl can pick out any generation camaro from all the other cars !!! Thats mommy's girl :)))) lol ! 
* can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , i could really use a wish right now * 
Today is one of those days where i just want to be by myself and not talk to nobody . 
i got ice in veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind , i seen nights full of pain , days are the same you keep the sunshine save me the rain , i search but never find hurt but never cry , i work and forever try but im cursed so nevermind ........ so i pick the world and drop it on your fuckin head ...... 
too much sun for me , oh how this is not going to turn out good for me :( 
If I leave here tomorrow , would you still remember me ? Well I must be traveling on now , cause theres too many places Ive got to see . If I stay here with you now , things just couldnt be the same . So I'm as free as a bird now , and this bird you cannot change ... 
I wish that some certain people would realize that this is my life and I'm actually starting to do what I want with it and I'm not going to stay here and pretend to be happy like I've done for the past 10 years , so SUCK IT UP !!!!!!!! 
* Im gonna love you like nobody loves you and i'll earn your trust makin memories of us * 
* Heaven help the fool who did her wrong its too late too bad shes too far gone , he shoulda thought of that before he left her all alone , if shes lonely now she wont be lonely long . * 
I wonder why is it that some men cant seem to realize what they have or could have until they push us so far away that we dont want to give them anything at all . If they would just open their eyes they could have the world right in front of them ! 
I've always been the loser so I'm debating on selling the camaro , giving up on a house and giving up on the one person that makes me happy , because the way it's looking I'm never going to have any of that anyways . 
I give up , my life has always sucked and i dont ever see it getting any better , so guess ill settle for being nothing 
Guess id rather hurt than feel nothing at all 
~ and I just cant keep livin this way , so startin today I'm breaking outta this cage , I'm standing up I'm gonna face my demons , I'm manning up I'm gonna hold my ground , I've had enough , now I'm so fed up , time to put my life back together right now !!! ~ :) 
Super excited about my 1% raise i just dont know what im going to do with that extra $9.35 every two weeks ! Oh how excited i am ;p 
blaaa blaaaa blaaaa i cant hear you 
There are just too many things , to explain , when it rains , \ 
Guess it pours , yes it does , wish there wasn't any pain . \ 
But I can't pretend there ain't , I ain't placin ' any blame , \ 
I ain't pointin ' fingers , heaven knows there never been a saint . 
you know it kinda hurts my feeling that everybody is sooooo happy for my ex that we split up and nobody gives a shit about me . i know that i'm not like him , i'm not skinny and pretty and priss up for everybody but he has all these girls that are so happy for him and has so many to choose from and nobody wants fatass < PROPFIRST > . its really kinda depressing :( and everybody wonders why im a bitch all the time 
Its friday and thats bout it 
We touch I feel a rush\ 
We clutch it isnt much\ 
But its enough to make me wonder whats in store for us\ 
Its lust its torturous\ 
You must be a sorceress cause you just\ 
Did the impossible\ 
Gain my trust dont play games itll be dangerous\ 
If you fuck me over\ 
Cause if I get burnt imma show you what its like to hurt\ 
Cause I been treated like dirt before ya\ 
And love is evil\ 
Spell it backwards I'll show ya 
Be good or be good at it .... 
I have no respect for irresponsible people ! If getting drunk and partyin is more important than doing your job maybe you shouldnt be able to have a job that so many other responsible people need . Just my opinion ! 
how about instead of a poke feature we have a punch in the face feature ? could use that some days . 
Man wanted .. No experience necessary ! Willing to train ;) 
Don't confuse my smile for liking you . It's like when a kid smiles ... It only means I know what I did and you haven't figured it out yet . baaahahaha 
If at any time it starts to seem like I care , tell me . I hate to give off the wrong impression :p 
Whatever it is , I didn't do it , and you cant prove anything ........ unless ..... of course you liked it , and in that case , yes I did it , and i might just do it again .. lmao 
If you find yourself asking for whole coleslaw aka cabbage , guacamoles aka avacados , or where you might find the fresh potatoes , maybe you dont need to go grocery shopping ... just sayin ' 
maybe it is true that we don't know what we had until we lost it , but maybe it's also true that we don't know what we're missing until we find it ?!?! 
I might be a smart ass , but smart ass is good ass and good ass is hard to find ! 
it sucks when you you can't describe how you're feeling inside , you just know it hurts , and it freakin sucks because i'm so tired of hurting , i just want somebody to make it all go away :( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party at 4 hope it don't rain but at least it's not 100 degrees today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a good bday took my mind off everything else for a lil bit anyways ...... back to hell , i mean work tomorrow .... 
So here goes the week from hell ... just hoping i dont kill anybody 
i dont want to be your \friend\ " i've had my share of that .... you want \ " me\ " come get me if not dont expect any benefits ; 0 ) " 
~ we all need somebody we can turn to , someone who always understands , so when you fear that your soul is dyin and you need the strength to keep tryin , ill reach and take your hand ~ when the night is dark and < PROPFEMALE > and you have no one to walk beside you i will come to you , i will come to you ~ 
I've just been fired by Pepsi . I tested positive for Coke :D 
pepsi-ehh nope , coke-hell no , cheerwine-fuck that , miller-negative , bud-ehhh ???, damn no options left , suggestions ?? 
is thinking ... and that's where the trouble starts ... 
got my life pretty much cleaned up of all of the people that are nothing more than CRAP , one person to go and that could be the hardest of all ...... cy 
When they say everything happens for a reason , don't be surprised when I punch you in the fuckin head , because it happened for a reason , and a very good one at that bwaahahahahha ~ ~ 
i may not be the prettiest , i may not be the slimmest , but i got big boobs and i no how 2 use them :D 
Back at work , i just left this place 7 hours ago :( 
sometimes i wish i wasn't as good as i am then people wouldn't expect more of me :p 
soooo bored .... there's nothing to do 
Hmmm how fun is it to drool over all the muscle powered beasts if i know that im never gonna have one :( 
Inventory week , so glad i have no pressure .... no pressure at all :( 
Go through life and do what is best for you , and always remember to ask yourself if the person who is your priority chooses to view you as one of their options is worth the pain that they bring ?!? 
The day i have dreaded all week long is here .... here we go ad change and inventory on the same day wth ! 
Fuck this shit !!!! 
68 hour job done in 40 ..... thats right .... because i ..... am .... awesome !!!!! Done it the past 3 weeks too ! 
Alot of times i am the person who keeps everyone else from falling apart when im the one who needs the strength more , but somehow i keep it together just so no one knows ! 
What do you do when you know that your gonna break but if you do theres no one there to put you back together ? 
Ive been patient while everybody around me has got what they want , when is it going to be my turn ? Wtf 
.... I think about more than i forget but i dont go around fire expectin not to sweat , and these ni**ers know i lay em down , make your bed , bitches try to kick me while im down i break your leg ... 
* sometimes when all ur dreams have seen better days , when you don't know how or why but you lost ur way , have no fear when ue tears are fallin , I will hear ur spirit callin , I'll be there , come with me ** 
.... what I need is somebody that loves ME , what I want is for that to make me happy ..... 
I want to hold you high and steal ur pain because I'm broken when I'm open , and I don't feel like I am strong enough ...... 
*** i dont believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now , and all the roads that lead you there are winding and all the lights that light the way are blinding .... and maybe you're gonna be the one who saves me and after all your my wonderwall *** 
so we're on our way home and < PROPFEMALE > who is 7 hears the guy on the radio say < PROPFIRST > beiber is up next , halfwy through the song says , “I didn't know < PROPFIRST > beiber was a girl ! ” Lmao 
yayyy it's finally friday !!! One more week :) 
I know what I want but can't have it ..... so why even bother anymore 
I'm at the point now that idc who likes or don't like what I do I gotta find a place to live so I can survive . 
shutdown I'm done with all yall people . 
tired of being what you want me to be , feeling so faithless , lost under the surface . Don't know what your expecting of me , put under the pressure of walking in ur shoes ........... 
wtf no phone , idk whats wrong with it .. i have no service , and havent had service all day and yes i paid my < PROPMALE > lol !! VACATION hurry up before i resort to murder !!!! geez 
four more hours of work , gahhh it's killing me 
beach time :)))))) 
I wish I never had to go back to that place and could stay here forever 
done a lot of thinkin on my much needed time away from maiden , and now I just gotta do what or maybe who I thought about lmao jk jk 
well I'm trying to think but I just keep thinking about what I need to think about ! 
i gotta go to bed so i can go back to that horrible place called work in the morning ugh 
ha ha really wtf , I'm NOT playing games with anyone so if you don't want to talk to me it aint gonna hurt my feelings 
I just want support from somebody , anybody , I just want to be told that it's not all my fault that I'm not the only one to blame , so y is it that evrybody rufuses to support and punishes me instead ? 
for sale : 1986 camaro iroc-z 350 tpi , 2k firm . Any questions send me a message . 
effin pissed .... that's all i got to say 
hoping and praying , that's all I can do , I really need this to work out for me ! For ME and no one else , I could care less what they think anymore . 
maybe I'll be worth something when I'm gone because right now it aint looking too good for me . 
haha that makes me laugh !!!! 
don't know what to do anymore , I'm just gonna give up on everything ...... im done 
I'm so tired of trying , I might as well give up because I'm never going to have nething :( 
put to rest what you thought of me well I clean this slate with uncertainty ...... i face myself to cross out what I've become erase myself and let go of what I've done * 
y can't anybody see that I'm fallin apart ..... maybe they do see and they just don't care ! 
thank you bank of < PROPFEMALE > for halting the sale of every forclosure in all 50 states because you employ dumbasses to sign off on things they should be reading first ! There goes my dream of buying a house :( 
no matter what I do right I will never be good enough 
to everything there is a season , a time to every purpose under the heaven ; a time to kill , a time to heal ; a time to break down and a time to build up 
hmmm ???????? 
lord I feel so small sometimes in this big ' ol place , I know there are more important things , but don't forget to remember me * 
I used to be proud of myself for being the best at my job , but now I'm getting my hours taken away and being punished for being good , so why should I even try anymore :( 
hope :) 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes !!!!! Love you all :) 
got my ducks all lined up ! 
** i feel like iim morphin ' into somethin that's so incredible that I'm dwarfin all competitors ** 
oh man am I confused , I don't know what to do 
I've never been the kind to ever let my feelings show , I thought that being strong meant never losing any self control but I'm just strong enough to let go of my pain , to hell with my pride ........ 
* I'm barely hangin on , so if I fall can you let me down easy ? * 
breathe in right away , nothing seems to fill this place , I need this every time , so take ur lies and get off my case , someday I will find , a love flows though me like this , this will fall away , this will fall away * 
busy busy day , soccer game at 10 for em then it's straight to hickory hs for blakes football game ..... one more win and they have a 6-0 season 
well that's done , the little blue devils are conference champs with an undefeated season ! Woo hoo on to the playoffs !!!!! Proud of you < PROPFIRST > ! 
really ?????? Whatever I don't have time for bs so I aint tryin no more ...... good luck ! 
* ive got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a hallmark card , if you wanna pick a fight well I'm gonna have to say goodnight , I don't have to be hateful I can just say bless your heart 
* and when the night is cloudy there is still a light that shines on me , shine until tomorrow let it be ..... whisper words of wisdom let it be * 
added some new ducks to my row and now they're running around actin like a 3 year old with a.d.d 
** sittin here alone , I'm looking back on where I've roamed , and lauging how I swore I'd win and not get burned ** 
I think I found the perfect dog , a pit bull mastiff mix ! Talk about a massive dog 
21 days :))) 
bright and early on a monday morning we get hit with an audit , I think I'm gonna have a nervous beakdown ! 
* now it all seems so clear , there's nothing left to fear , so we made our way by finding what was real * 
this shits gonna drive me crazy , 2 and a half weeks to go ....... 
hey I got an idea !!!!! Work ur sceduled hours instead of running up ur time all week and leaving me to do my job and yours on friday , just an idea tho 
it's finally friday , it has been the loooongest crappiest week I've had in a long time 
welp it's finally over , the longest crapiest 40 hours I've ever worked ..... now the anticipation of when she's coming back ?!?!? 
it's tooo cold to be at a football game this morning 
hmmmm go to work or not go to work ??????? Go to work or not go to work ?????? Geez such a tough decision 
tired of working around evrybody elses schedule , I DO have a job too , and it IS more important than what you think !!!!!!!!!!! 
I will survive the maiden food dog massacre because I do my job and do it with the lions roar pride :)))) hahahahahahah gotta make it funny somehow 
I don't understand why I get my life straightened out and everythings going great then I get news that I'm going to have to deal with being bullied and harrassed at work by an asshole again . 
* i need another story something to get off my chest , my life gets kinda boring need something that I can confess , till all my sleeves are stained red from all the truth that I've said * 
* ive kept my feelings under lock and key , couldn't let you see them even though it was killing me * 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't believe my baby girl is 4 today !!!!!!!! 
hmmm so I guess I can say that palm phones are pos ..... on my forth one it 3 months wtf 
pissed 
I've dealt with my ghosts and I've faced all my demons , finally content with a past I regret , I've found you find strength inl your moments of weakness * 
** is the life that you've chosen free from regret ? Or is what might have been just too hard to forget ? ** 
I only thought that I had put all the thoughts of him out of my head , y did u have to say his name ?? 
A true friend will do anything to help u put your life back together when it's broken , if u only use that person to solve ur problems and drop them when u don't need them anymore ur ducked up 
I swear this has got the be the most boring week I have ever worked in my life and it's only tuesday 
* I'm over this , I'm tired of living in the dark , can anyone see me down here , the feelings gone , theres nothing left to lift me up , back into the world I know * 
* I'm over this , I'm tired of living in the dark , can anyone see me down here , the feelings gone , there's nothing left to lift me up , back into the world I know * 
U need to be thankful for what u got instead of bitchin all the time bout what u ain't got , u could lose it all in an instant ! 
Losing my daddy has been the hardest thing I've ever had to deal with , and we catch ourselves asking y bad things always happen to good people when the reality is he just got the biggest reward of his life . We just don't look at it that way !!! 
So close no matter how far;Couldn't be much more from the heart ; Forever trusting who we are ; And nothing else matters ; Never opened myself this way\ 
Life is ours we live it our way ; All these words I don't just say ; Trust I seek and I find in you ; Every day for us something new ; Open mind for a different view ; And nothing else matters ; Never cared for what they do ; Never cared for what they know ; But I know 
' Cause I know he's here \ 
He's everywhere \ 
Take a look around oh and you will see \ 
That cross we bear \ 
It's in the air \ 
Lord we thank you for these gifted hands \ 
One day we'll all take that ride \ 
And with those gifted hands I know you'll fly 
* I'm not supposed to be scared of anything but I don't know where I am , i wish that I could move but I'm exhausted and nobody understands(how I feel ) ..... now I'm going through changes , changes , God I feel so frustrated lately * 
If only food lion would realize that if u dont treat ur employees like shit and tell them they are stupid , they just may get more people to do a good job !! Hmmm I wonder if they ever think about that ? 
I'm not suposed to be scared of anything , but I don't know where I am\ 
I wish that I could move but I'm exhausted and nobody understands ( how I feel)\ 
I'm trying hard to breathe now but there's no air in my lungs\ 
There's no one here to talk to and the pain inside is making me numb\ 
I try to hold this Under control\ 
They can't help me ' Cause no one knows 
Alas , the onion you are eating is someone elses Water < PROPFEMALE > 
well I wasnt dreaming of a white christmas , but obviously someone was .... oh well its pretty and the kids like it 
lay off of it people , u DO NOT need to rush to the store , its not that bad out there , geez 
It hurts but I never show , this pain you'll never know , if only u can see just how lonely and how cold and frostbite I've become , my backs against the wall , when push comes to shove , I just stand up and scream f*@# em all 
I search but never find , hurt but never cry\ 
I work and forever try , but I'm cursed so never mind\ 
And it's worse but better times seem further and beyond\ 
The top gets higher , the more that I climb 
Im breaking and absolutly nobody gives a damn ! Fml 
wondering how much a person can take before they just completely shut down physically and mentally , because I'm sure I'm pretty damn close 
Maybe its time to change and leave it all behind , I've never been one to walk alone I've always been scared to try , so y does it feel so wrong to reach for something more , and wanna live a better life , what am I waiting for ? Cause nothing says the same maybe its time to change . 
Feelin weak and weary walkin thru this world alone , everything they say every word of it cuts me to the bone and I bleed , now ive got something to say but now ive got nowhere to turn , it feels like ive buried underneath all the weight of the world , I try to hold this under control , they cant help me cause no one knows 
gotta get thru the next two weeks without killing anybody ! the third week of < PROPFIRST > itll all be ok ...... maybe , then again maybe not , who knows 
They say that God never gives u more than u can handle , but I dont believe that anymore .. if only people really saw what I have on me maybe I wouldnt constantly hear them say its gonna be ok , and its all gonna get better .... bs 
I think I've made my mind up ;) 
* cause u do what u gotta do , and know what u know , u < PROPFEMALE > on till u cant < PROPFEMALE > on , and u learn to let go * 
* so why in the world do I feel so alone , nobody but me I'm on my own , is there anyone out there , who feels the way I feel , if there is let me hear just so I know I'm not the only one * 
* so u can keep knockin ' but wont knock me down , no love lost , no love found * 
Really wish I knew what was going on ????? 
really ???? These people are gettin ready to see < PROPFIRST > mad , and < PROPFIRST > is not a very nice person mad !!!!! 
* yesterday is just a dream I dont remember , tomorrow , still a hope I've yet to endure * 
* and everything I can remember , as f***ed up as it may seem , and consequences that are rendered , I stretch myself beyond my means * 
* what you hide inside I see , theres a scar thats always gonna be , theres a past in everyone , you can't undo you can't outrun * 
Really wish these people would quit whining and protesting because their kids had to go to school yesterday , we dont get a day off for being white !!! Stfu 
hilarious is all ive got to say , if u think im racist because I said the naacp needs to shut up and send their kids to school , im not sorry . 
* i cant tell u what it really is , I can only tell u what it feels like , and right now its a steel knife in my windpipe , I cant breathe but I still fight , while I can fight as long as the wrong feels right its like im in flight * 
* maybe im a dreamer , maybe im misunderstood , maybe your not seeing the side of me u should , maybe im crazy , maybe im not the only one , maybe im just out of touch , maybe ive just had enough * 
* its not easy being me , in fact most people couldnt even begin to do it * 
I am now officially in debt but its worth it !!!! Yayyy I got my house :)))))) 
* you know a dream is like a river ever changin as it flows , and a dreamer's just a vessel that must follow where it flows , trying to learn from whats behind u and never knowin whats in store , makes each day a constant battle to stay between the shores * 
So close no matter how far , couldnt be much from the heart , forever trust in who we are and nothing else matters =*( 
For some reason Ive got the feeling its gonna be a really bad day , emotionally \ 
* so close no matter how far couldnt be much more from the heart , forever trust in who we are , and nothing else matters =*( 
* i took a < PROPMALE > , I took a shot , and you might think im bulletproof but im not , you took a swing , I took it hard , and down here from the ground I see who you are * 
* maybe one day you'll understand , maybe one day you'll understand love * until that day right here I stand , I stand in the dark and wait for the sun¥ 
So I was thinking that I probly shouldnt put what im thinking on here because the first sign that there was a problem with what I was thinking was that I was thinking¥ 
* cause when I close my eyes im somewhere with you * 
Come on friday ........ ha ive been at work for 30 < PROPFEMALE > utes only 39 hours and 30 < PROPFEMALE > to go :( 
* there might have been a time when I'd give myself away , once upon a time I didnt give a damn , but now here we are so whataya wasnt from me * 
* tryin not to fall but im already there , tryin to hold my head up gasping for air , you take my breath when I hear your name , its real to me but am I just your game * 
* Dont u worry you'll find urself follow ur heart and nothing else , maybe i've forgotten all the things I miss somehow I know theres more to life than this , ive seen ur face a thousand times every day weve been apart I dont care about the sunshine yeah , all these words I dont just say and nothing else matters * 
* so you think you can tell heaven from hell , blue sky from pain , can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? A smile from a veil ? Do you think you can tell*¥ 
I look back on my life and how ive lived\ 
I cant take the hurt and pain and all ive hid\ 
The things ive done , seen and who ive become\ 
Ive learned I cant trust or love anyone\ 
I dont know myself or who im supposed to be\ 
I only wish that someone would see\ 
Im lost all alone with one to help me thru\ 
I just want to be happy know myself and start over new 
* so go on and scream , scream at me so far away , I wont be broken again , ive got to breathe I cant keep going under * 
If I'm smiling , you might want to consider what you've done wrong ... or what I'm planning to do to get you back :D 
priceless is seeing < PROPFEMALE > run into my closed sliding glass door at full speed hahahhahahhahhahahh ..... 
* now that I know what im without , you cant just leave me , breathe into me and make me real , bring me to life * 
* i should let you fade away but that just wouldnt be me .... i wont forget you baby even though I could , I wont forget you baby even though I should * 
I love when you send out an email to the district to collect info that you are told to collect and you get replies that ask y u need to know ! Geez Im just doing what I was told to do people 
I created the sound of madness , I wrote the book on pain somehow im still here to explain that the darkest hour never comes in the night * 
* I move on like a sinners prayer , letting go like a levee breaks , walk away as if I dont care , learn to shoulder my mistakes * 
* well its a windin road when your in the lost and found , your a lover I'm a runner , we go round n round , and I love you but I leave you I don't want you but I need you , you know its you who calls me back here * 
its friday I wonder if its going to bring me who I want ? Hmmm my guess is nope 
* oh take your time dont live too fast , troubles will come and they will pass ...... forget your lust for the < PROPMALE > mans gold , all that you need is in your soul * 
When bad things happen to you , you have two choices , let it make u stronger or whine about how bad ur life is and have a pity party ; I can guarantee ur not the only one that bad things happen to , so suck it up !!!!!!!! 
Really this is what I get for trying to be nice , shoulda known better ! 
Blahhhh blahhh blahhhh blahhhhh blahhhhh 
* and I feel all this pain , stuffed it down its back again , and I lie here in bed , all alone I can't mend , and I feel tomorrow will be ok * 
* i got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind , i seen nights full of pain days are the same , u keep the sunshine save me the rain , I search but never find , hurt but never cry * 
* my eyes are open wide and by the way I made I thru the day , I watch the world outside and by the way I'm leaving out today .... tell my mother tell my father I have done the best I can to make them realize this is my life , I hope they understand , I'm not angry I'm just saying , sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > * 
* if today was your last day would you make your < PROPFIRST > by mending a broken heart , you know its never too late to shoot for the stars , regardless of who you are , so do whatever it takes , cause you can't rewind a moment in this life , let nothing stand in your way , cause the hands of time are never on your side * 
Never cared for what they say , never cared for games they played , never cared for whay they do never cared for whay they know and I know * 
* i walk a lonely road the only one that I have ever known , dont know where it goes but its only me and I walk alone * 
* so close no matter how far , couldnt be much more from the heart , forever trusting who we are and nothing else matters * :'( 
* the feelings gone theres nothing there to lift me back up into the world I know , cause now again I find myself so far down away from the sun * 
Well I was chasing my dream but I figured I should give up today and just go home since gas is so expensive :p 
I gotta do this !!!!!!! 
Needs me a doggie :) 
Holy crap em weighs 54 lbs wears a 7-8 and a shoe size 2 !! Really ??? I have a four year old thats gonna be a giant lol 
I used to look forward to fridays but now its just another day 
Its like the walnuts In the brownies not the icing on the cake :D 
;p the things people get paid to do !! Thats all I got to say bout that 
* i gave it evrything I had and evrything I got was bad , life aint hard but its too long to live it like some country song * 
Amazing how one bad thing can change you forever , add a bunch of those together and you get the new < PROPFIRST > , the broken , lost and empty < PROPFIRST > ! 
* i will give you everything to say you want to stay you want me too , say youll never die youll always haunt me , I want to know I belong to you , say youll haunt me * 
* i told myself I won't miss u , but I remembered what it feels like beside u * 
* do you wish somebody had the nerve to tell that boss of yours to shove it next time he yells at you , well this if country music and we do * 
Whaaaat ????? Now thats funny 
I hate my job !!!! I hate this place !! And would like to say f u to many people in it !!! 
The only thing I was ever good at was my job and now I could care less about getting it done . Wtf is wrong with me 
* this is my life its not what it was before , all these feelings i've shared , and these are my dreams that id never lived before , somebody shake me cause I , I must be sleeping * 
* you called me strong you called me weak but still your secrets I will keep , you took for granted ask the times I never let you down , you stumbled in and bumped your head\ 
if not for me then you'd be dead , I picked you up and put you back on solid ground * 
Enough of it , damn ! Let it go !!!!!!!! 
I got carpet yayyyyyyy :) 
The one person who I knew I could always depend on to help me out is gone , now what ? :'( 
* but I'm on the outside and I'm looking in , I can see thru you see your true colors , cause inside your ugly , youre ugly like me , i can see thru you see to the real you * 
Tired of hearing this \its all about attitude\ " bs because u have to be skinny and pretty for anybody to even give u the time of day to see what kind of attitude u have . :( " 
Im been knocked so far down i dont know if its possible to get back up :( 
* take me as I am ; im not broken ; the pieces of my life are not tokens ; I want to let you know im still learning ; how to love again and stop hurting * 
Everyone's pointing their fingers\ 
Always condemning me\ 
And nobody knows what I believe\ 
I believe\ 
And I'm staring down the barrel of a 45 , \ 
I'm swimming through the ashes of another life\ 
There's no real reason to accept the way things have changed\ 
Staring down the barrel of a 45 
* theres something bout this time of year , that spins my head around , takes me back makes me wonder * 
* i dont want to live to waste another day underneath the shadow of mistakes I made , cause I feel like I'm breaking inside * 
I allow myself to be used to kill the pain inside 
* and love is evil , spell it backwards i'll show you * 
* i caught a chill and its still frozen on my skin , I think about why I'm alone , by myself * 
* how do I live without the one I love ? Time still turns the pages of the book its burned * 
Best weekend ive had in a long time :) 
* a life to heal the broken heart with all that it could , lived a life so endlessly , saw beyond what others see * 
* i wanna heal , I wanna feel , like I'm close to something real , I wanna find something i've wanted all along * 
Some search never finding a way , before long they waste away 
Hoping for the best but always expecting the worst 
What it takes , who I am , where I've been , belong , You can't be something you're not , Be yourself , by yourself 
No one knows me , im cold and alone , maybe one day youll see , I was always where u belong 
Im no the one whos so far away , when I feel the snake bite into my veins , never did I want to be her again , and I dont remember why I came 
I know what it takes to move on , I know how it feels to lie , all I want to do , is trade this life for something new , holding on to what I havent got 
* as time went by faith In u grew , so one things left for me to do , finish you , I feel it burn inside , burn like the rising sun * 
* keep my feet on the ground , keep my head in the clouds , electrified by the sound , comes from the down * 
* i can see just fine with you in my life , there by my side as it starts to fade * 
* and I said < PROPMALE > save me ive been feeling so alone , I keep waiting for u but u never come , is this in my head I dont know what to think * haha 
* cause now im stronger than yesterday , now its nothing but my way , my loneliness aint killin meno more , im stronger * 
Im not a quitter im a fighter , but somethins tellin me not to fight for this one , its the epic battle of intuition vs emotion . What do I do ?????? 
