tomorrow i will be finished with english for a while ... best realization ever 

i wish i was back at camp . 
sweet summertime :] 
Making a powerpoint of a trip to New York that was taken a year ago is kind of hard . 
I'm about a third of the way done with my powerpoint . About 162 pictures on 20 slides so far . 
Kicked out of the front of my house while my parents entertain guests for dinner . 
Going to a movie , even though I have no clue what it is . 
About to leave to go to a baseball game . 
Going to the game . Text me . 
Leaving for game 2 now . 
Bored after an exciting baseball game 
I feel weird going to bed so early , but I'm tired . Night all 
Finally I have a phone that works 
Bored .. 
Just got done making dinner for my brother's and I . I hate being the only girl home 
Cleaning up after dinner and really bored . 
Stuck in the house still . I've only been out of my house for 3 hours in the last 3 days . 
My mom will be home soon . 
Almost done cleaning . 
Hmm .. I'm tired . My mom got back today , I didn't have to cook or clean up after dinner :) yay ! 
Stupid phone curfew . 
Completely exhausted 6 mile run today after 5 and half hours of sleep and continuous scrubbing of shelves . 
Registered today for school . Stood in line for about 40 minutes for basically no reason . Practice in an hour and a half . 
I have been home alone every day this week , it gets a little boring . 
is very , very tired .. school .. :( 
Test tomorrow 
Had an awesome race today , PRed by almost a minute and i'm back on varsity :] 
Can't wait for next weekend 
It's obvious you're a nerd when you look up music videos for the math versions of popular songs . ( i.e. I will derive , calculicious ) . 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday [: 
Long week , but it was fun [: 
Nervous for tomorrow 
Cross Country is finished [: 
World Series . Yanks : 2 , Phillies : 1 . Go Yankees ! [: 
World Series . Yanks : 3 , Phillies : 1 . 
i know this sounds stupid , but what's in an enchilada ? 
Sitting in a hotel room in the middle of nowhere california . Not looking forward to another long day squished in the back seat of the car . 
Drøm søtt , jeg er trøtt . 
re-writing english papers you didn't want to write in the first place is so much fun . 
Studying for finals .. 
Mini-meet today went pretty well despite the absolutely horrible weather . 
Going to collect plants . 
Meet tomorrow in Canby . 
Very tired . The meet went pretty well . Having only one race sucks though . 
Meet tomorrow and on friday . 
Nervous for thursday and friday . 
Going to bed so I can run in eight hours .. 
Cannot believe that the umpire ruined a perfect game in the ninth inning with 2 outs left .. 
SAT -- surprisingly easier than expected . 
So just got back from a great week at DCC . Wish I was still there . Returned with 12 mosquito bites and counting .. 
Wish I was at camp again . 
Gotta love the 4th of July and baseball :) 
I just want everyone to know that I love baseball ! It is the best sport , after all it is < PROPFEMALE>'s National Pasttime . 
I love having random conversations with random people (: 
I just looked through old myspace messages , it was very strange looking back at who I used to talk to all the time and I don't even remember who some of the people are . 
It's sad that going to bed at midnight is early for me . 
Sun burnt and sore . 
I waited in line for 2 and a half hours to find out the classes i signed up for aren't being offered . 
The best saying i've heard in a while was said by < PROPFIRST > \ 
\Never underestimate a man's stupidity \"" 
I hate my phone . 
My phone is broken :( 
Hey everyone . thanks for all of the happy birthdays :) and for those that said something about skipping then i will tell you that when you guys were sleeping at 3:30 am yesterday i was up and on my way to the airport . 
Tired after a very long day 
\For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it . For every there is an ear somewhere to hear it . For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it . \"" 
\There is only one happiness in life -- to love and to be loved . \"" 
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . ” 
Just ate Toy Story shaped macaroni and cheese (: i love kid dinners 
Boo football . I'm ready for baseball season . 
FCA breakfast tomorrow morning at 7 , be there , it'll be worth it . 
\I desperately need You 
