I'm always up at like , 4 in the morning . Idk exactly what time that would be where you are . :P But , I stayed up all night to get to school at 8 this morning to fix my schedule . Needless to say , I feel like crap . Anddd why are you getting sick ? D: 

That was the worst playcalling I've ever seen in a football game . 
Does Avatar look really stupid to anyone else , or is it just me ? 
My computer really sucks tonight . 
One more daaaay . 
So AOL now crashes my Firefox everytime I try to read something . I'm gonna miss those idiotic news stories . :( 
Do people in Brazil actually have lawn furniture on their roofs ? 
Geeze , this is the latest I've slept all year . 
Give me prayers without the words , a cross without the nails . 
I forgot to log out of Myspace and Facebook for 24 hours . I'm surprised the computer didn't melt . 
Boys . 
You're gonna love dez nukes . 
I bet no other president will ever cause as many Facebook arguments as Obama . 
The meth ads on Myspace are really creepy . 
Hi , I'm a PC , and Crashfest 7 was * my * idea . 
Grape jelly beans suck . 
So half those photos turned out sideways ! Good job , Facebook . 
Sleep ? Completely unnecessary . 
Shut up , I know what I'm doing . I read a book . 
Anybody know how to get Open Office powerpoints to open in Microsoft Powerpoint ? 
Cyanogen ! 
Scribble . 
I'm not here right now 
116.6 degrees . New record for my battery . 
Now open your empty hand , here comes the fun , here comes the end . 
< PROPFIRST > Bonham's gonna play Moby < PROPMALE > for real . 
Mountain Dew distortion tastes like soap . 
Eggshells . 
I know I won't change any minds as long as they're still changing mine . 
How does < PROPFIRST > Cera keep getting movies ? 
Never take < PROPFEMALE > from a substitute with a ' stache . 
Spanish blackjack ! 
If you can't make a difference , make a point . 
Boot looooooooop . 
No me gusta espanol . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is gay . 
FroYo ! :D 
It takes Jesus 4.5 seconds to get to earth . 
It never fails how the idiots prevail , or at least outnumber us . 
I'm just the dude playing the dude who thinks he's another dude . 
Don't stare at the wall . 
This song sucks ! 
Has new headphones and a headache . 
But where do the batteries go ? 
Let the sun do damage like they said it would if given < PROPMALE > . 
What's in your head is on your hands . 
Fujiiiii . 
No Fuji . :( 
Screw youuuuu , Motorola . 
I don't believe that , she said , you're out of your mind . 
Where did Disclaimer go ? :( 
Sometimes it's better to push something when it's slipping , than to risk being dragged down . 
1 . French\ 
2 . Multimedia Design\ 
3 . AP Lit\ 
4 . Government / Economics\ 
5 . AP Cal\ 
6 . Anatomy\ 
7 . Forensic Science 
So I should not be awake right now . 
That's his thing ! He grapes people ! 
:) 
Dear school , \ 
I heard you and my sleep schedule were going to get in a fight soon . Please be nice . 
Why does Windows 7 advertise things computers have been doing for years ? 
Anybody know where the task manager is on a < PROPMALE > ? 
Google , you're the smartest person ever . 
Nobody wants to be here , and nobody wants to leave . 
Puppy = annoying 
Because McDonald's is better than the lunchroom . 
Oh , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , you tricky bastard . 
Fridaaaay ! 
Tweet deck = too many updates . :( 
I don't like calculus . I don't like bingo . Putting them together doesn't help anything . 
Today was almost completely pointless . 
Last.fm, I liked you better when you worked . 
Damn it , I'm about to go Wendigo on your asses ! 
So who has Bruner third period ? 
< PROPFIRST > McDonald is such a pedo . 
I hate laptops . 
I love having my phone reboot twice in fifteen minutes ! 
Coach Dawkins on Lie to Me ! 
We hold our silence like a gun . 
This battery issue is not cool . 
I would really like a pinata filled with jello for my birthday . Shaped like a moose . 
Sydnee is amazing :) Haha 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes today . Aside from the terrible game , it's been a good day . ;) 
The Facebook error < PROPFEMALE > is one of my most visited sites . O.o 
Pokedex app !! 
Google knows more about you than your own mother . 
T-Mobile iPhone ? :O 
In my Facebook settings , it's not supposed to send me notifications to my phone when I'm on Facebook on the computer . BUT IT DOES IT ANYWAY . 
I really want a tv with Twitter in it . 
< PROPFEMALE > really doesn't look very good . 
XDA sucks latelyyyy . D: 
I'm tired of sitting here . 
Crash Bandicoot on my Droid ? \ 
Awesome . 
I have spent my weekend on Nintendo and football . I'm awesome . 
I hate overtime . 
Let's be honest , I watched you walk away . 
MySpace used to try so hard , too . 
Just added bajillion to my phone's dictionary . I feel like a winner . 
You did nothing wrong . You did nothing at all . 
Sydnee is amazing :) 
Worst game everrr . 
< PROPFIRST > sucks . 
Silent Hill makes me scream like a little girl . 
House ! 
Calculus and a headache is not a good combination . 
Why does the eris have a better trackball than the incredible ? 
I want a donut . 
Why would you not punt on 4th and 7 in the first quarter ..? 
Experts say if you eat a pie a day , you will have a 5% increase OF YUMMY . 
This game is gonna be slowww . 
It feels really good outside . 
Mello Yello : because you like feeling as if you just got kicked in the teeth . 
I'm not failing calculus ! :D 
What the hell happened to the facebook chat ? 
Rammer jammer ? 
10.10.10 . 
I still hate overtime . 
But I love defensive pass interference ! 
It's Colombus day ! 
Toucan < PROPFIRST > is a grave robber . 
I should probably be sleepy right now . 
I wish I could do a barrel roll . 
Angry birdsssss . 
Six hours off the charger and my phone is dead . Sadly , this is the best it's been all week . :( 
Auburn is thuh best . 
Way to go , < PROPFIRST > . Let's see how many penalties you can get in five minutes . 
If liars tell lies , who tells the truth ? 
I hate it when Facebook works right . 
My shoes become hammers , and my words become sand . 
OVER 9000 INCHES . 
It's too damn early to be awake on Saturday . 
Does everybody just hate Oregon ? 
I like how the fair distracts everyone from posting stuff about football . 
I don't like big xbox live updates when I want to play Fallout . 
I actually woke up on time this morning . 
They finally fixed the crappy Facebook app ! 
I think I watch too many ghost shows . 
Fallout bugged out . I can't finish it now . Wtf . 
The Droid X on the tv commercials doesn't have Motoblur . Isn't that false advertising ? 
It's way too cold outside . 
Chizik's got balls . 
Facebook email is going to stuuuupid . 
If a particle moves left for three seconds , then moves right with an increasing velocity for four seconds , we can conclude that no one will ever use this . 
I miss having a phone that charges properly . D: 
Sitting in Winn-Dixie's parking lot . In my pajamas . Eating a frostie from < PROPFEMALE>'s . Win . 
Commercials suuuuuuuck . 
Auburn just has a phenomenal defense this year . 
My days are so screwed up . 
Critical hit + super effective = owned . 
McFlurrrrrrry . 
Neeeeew Vegas . 
Does anyone on Verizon ever have problems with the time stamps on your incoming text messages ? 
SOUTH < PROPFEMALE > . FAIL . 
Dumbest challenge ever . 
Coloring a pelvis . Seeeexy . 
It's so hard to hit the period on this new keyboard . 
Facebook keeps telling me to download the app for every phone I don't have . 
Milky way bars make awesome breakfasts . 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Claybrook like a fat kid <3 ' s cake . 
Who screwed up the android market on their phone ? This kid . Oh yeah . 
You suck , Sanchez . 
Android Trended Higher Than < PROPFIRST > Bieber in 2010\ 
\ 
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/androidguyscom/~3/628QFeJZqoU/\ 
Ha ! 
Come doused in mud , soaked in bleach . 
Facebook chat on the android app . About damn time . 
Just made half of a cereal commercial . Pure awesome . 
Cash Cab has asked several questions about chemistry today . Mr. Pierce would be giggling like a school girl . 
Guitar Hero is fairly difficult without the blue button . 
Emulating an emulator to run an emulator . All for Oregon Trail . 
First match in forever in Modern Warfare , and I get Rust . Fuuuuuuu 
New computer ! :D 
I've been waking up way too early . 
I'll never be able to make myself like laptop mouse pads . 
Windows can suck a nut . 
Ubuntuuuuuuuuu . 
Happy hannukah , Jesus . 
Doing Summit for the THIRD TIME in a row . Wtf . 
This map SUCKS . 
I'm a classy hobo . 
The McRib is not back . 
This laptop has made me lazy . 
So the mystery box sucks today . :D 
Arkansas . Damn . Really ? 
Tumblr ? 
Wow . Thunder just woke me up . 
Time to do something productive ! .. or get on StumbleUpon for the next three hours . 
I have a C in calculus for the semester ! lol omg wtf rofl bbq 
Got a machine head , better than the rest . 
If a tree falls on a woman and there's no one around to hear it , why was there a tree in the kitchen ? 
Verizon iPhone , oh em gee . 
Seattle is awful . Why is this a close game ? 
Experts agree that narwhals are awesome and that unicorns no longer exist because the narwhals defeated them in an epic battle . 
Is anybody using FireFox 4 betas ? Do they suck ? :O 
I've been wrong about football 75% of this weekend . 
One torrent open . Remaining time ? Infinity . Awesome . 
I really need to stop watching # < PROPMALE > and go to sleep . 
I think we've had enough interceptions for the entire first half . Thanks , guys . We're good . 
I hate to ruin the football , but , guys , there's going to be an Angry Birds board game . Get your priorities straight . 
I'm not a Virgo anymore ! And that's not a sex joke . 
Literally spawned in front of an RC XD . Loveeee this game . 
Interceeeeeeeeeeeeption ! 
eatin big < PROPMALE > tonight 
Okay guys . I'm full . 
What format are videos that are downloaded off iTunes ? 
Copy protected iTunes movie formats fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
Monday headaches never fail . 
Promote synergy like a boss . 
This is the second time Windows has erased my boot partition . I am not satisfied . 
I should be writing a sestina , reading Frankenstein , and memorizing some of Hamlet . 
Zombitch . 
I literally have so many tabs open right now , they just have ... instead of the website name . 
12 rushing yards in the first half = fail 
Correction , one yard . Wow . 
Now < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > can shut his fat ass up . New York sucks . 
Some day , we'll look back on this , laugh nervously , and change the subject . 
I would rather listen to commercials than the beastie boys , actually . 
oh my goddd this is taking forever to downloaaaaad 
ZOMBIEEEEEEES 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus has lost his mind , Easter < PROPFEMALE>'s not a rabbit , Trix are made for kids until pseudo psycho man tells you to fly . 
RAAAAAAGE QUIT 
Someone should have told me that Plants vs . Zombies isn't a game you can only play for fifteen minutes . :O 
