loves decorating for parties !! :) 

lots of stuff ... 
MONTANA in 5 days !!! I CAN'T WAIT !!! :) 
There ya go < PROPFEMALE > !! Hope this one will make you laugh instead of creep you out ! Love & miss you ! 
UGH !! 
exciting things on the horizon !!! woop woop !! :) 
has never been through a tropical storm . This is gonna be crazy !! 
we survived . it was a whole lot of nothing !! the storm i was just in in Montana was way cooler ... 
To all of my INSANELY WONDERFUL FRIENDS : Thanks so much for the birthday love !! It really means a lot to be thought of when I'm so far away from most of you ! You all made , not only my day , but definitely my month and probably my year ! I miss and love you all !!! :) 
29 and feeling fine ... 
Aaahhh ... 2011 , I have been waiting for you for soooo long ! Please be good to me ! :) 
Can the Type A please go away ?! 
Thank God for wine , sushi & Grey's Anatomy .... 
Thank God for K.A.T. !! 
It's NOT ' again day ' .... It's AGAIN LIFE !!!! Yuck ... 
Quick somebody !!! I got all the lemons but I don't remember the recipe for lemonade !!! UGH ! 
HELP !! I need a roommate ! There has to be someone who knows someone who needs a place to live on this rock !!!!!!!! 
\Here I go again on my own ... going down the only road I've ever known\ " was totally stuck in my head when I woke up . Must have something to do with me coming out of dance retirement tonight .... " 
' I've loved like I should but lived like I shouldn't . ' 
but wait ... 
gggggrrrrrrrrrrr ........ 
< PROPFIRST > Hansen , < PROPMALE > Hansen & < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > are the BEST FRIENDS , EVER !!!! THANKS SO MUCH YOU GUYS !!! 
It's been a month today and it's starting to sound something like this ... ' if you can't be with the one you love , love the one you're with ' ... 
Meet me at the back , with the < PROPFIRST > at the Jukebox ! 
Thank GOD for dirty dishes when you are annoyed or angry ... just scrub , scrub , scrub it all away !!!! 
' You shimmy shook my bone , leaving me stranded all in love on my own ' ... goodness I LOVE Kings of < PROPFIRST > !!! 
I love sweats !!! sweats , sweats sweats !!!! :) 
EL GUACOS TONIGHT !!! Oh yea .... kickball will never be the same ! :) 
I miss my boyfriend ... 
exhausted ... 
If you are reading this ... you survived ' The Great UnFriending'!! Woohoo ... clean slate ! :) 
Crafting & Red Wine ... love them !! 
If life gives you limes , make margaritas !!! 
Looking for models for the Matrix show this weekend in Honolulu !! Need at least two beautiful people ready for a full makeover ! Only catch ... I'm calling for people needing gray coverage . Please pass the word if you have an auntie or uncle that could use the service !! Thanks everyone ! :) 
Limitations live only in our minds . But if we use our imaginations , our possibilities become limitless ... 
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we are here we should DANCE ! :) 
just when the caterpillar thought the world was over , it became a butterfly 
Gonna do my DREAMING with my eyes wide open . I'll do my LOOKING BACK with my eyes closed !! 
HEY EVERYONE !! Unfortunately we have reached our maximum head count for our first party !! YAY Piece Jewels !!! If you haven't received a confirmation message then you have been added to our invite list for the next party , which will happen in the coming months . Thank you everyone for your interest !! Can't wait to see you at one of our upcoming events ... 
bought my first eye cream today ... project STOP THE AGING PROCESS has begun . prepping for the dreaded 3-0 thats right around the corner . 
she acts like < PROPFEMALE > but listens to < PROPFIRST > ... 
\Funny that a pair of really nice shoes make us feel good in our heads - at the extreme opposite end of our bodies . \ " - Levende Waters " 
' We must always have old memories & young hopes . ' ~ Houssaye 
THANKS SO MUCH TO ALL !!! This was just a minor role but hopefully it will lead to something else . ( keep those fingers crossed ) The best part of this entire experience has been to feel such an overwhelming sense of love , encouragement & support !! I am so grateful !! 
I had such a ball in Vegas !! God knows I love these people with all my heart !! Thanks everyone ... muah ! :) 
I like it in no particular place ... just wherever !! 
I AM OFFICIALLY A BEAUTY SCHOOL GRADUATE !!! WOOP WOOP !! Next big adventure ... the BIG 3-0 on Sunday !! Phew , it's a crazy week ! 
Oh my goodness !! Thanks for ALL the birthday wishes !! It was a great weekend & I'm convinced that my 30th year of life will be amazing . :) Here's to growing old gracefully ... 
Ummm ... yes . You could call me the < PROPFIRST > Favre of dance . 
' The scars of your love , they leave me breathless . I can't help thinking ... we could have had it all . ' ~ < PROPFEMALE > 
HALLELUJAH !! ;) 
' Pole dancing is the mature older sibling to tree climbing . ' Hahahahaha ... only in vegas ! 
' It's a great day to be alive .... ' 
I miss HI . :( 
