Yayz ! I finally got my own FB ! 

Could you guys be praying for my Grandma Mantik and Grandma Campbell ? \ 
Grandma M . has alzheimers and I am hoping it won't last . :( \ 
Grandma C . has a seizure condition that causes her to have confused episodes . 
copy this into your status and see what people think of you (; 1 = crazy , 2=I'd marryyou , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = Athletic , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = Pretty , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = I love you 
Hey guys ! Remember that the strength team is coming to our church on the first Sunday in August ! 
is so mad ! Facebook had to run the below wall post through some filter ! Are they afraid that a Christian post is going to kill everyone ? 
took a canoe trip on the < PROPFEMALE > River with CrossPoint Youth ! We took fiberglass canoes , and my arms are full of embedded fiberglass ! We had fun ! I even committed an act of heroism ( kind've)! :) 
The below pics are a promo for a Kids Church Program at our church ! Vist crosspointag.com for more info ! 
How do you like my new profile picture ? \ 
Please comment ! 
Who wants more rain ???? 
Sheesh ... Sometimes I get so busy i forget how to relax !!!! :\\ 
Praise the Lord !!!! We finally found a house ( and we only have to move 300 yards) ! Just need to find a sub-renter for our apartment and we are good to go ! 
How about an unofficial Gallop Poll ? \ 
How many of you want < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > back in the Oval Office ? 
Hey guys ! Did ya hear that the Target CEO has to apologize after making a 150,000 dollar donation to an anti-gay association ? \ 
That person should be standing up for what he thinks is right ! 
Though it is impossible to always have the leader you want for your country ; remember that no matter who your Earthly leader is ; your real leader will always be Jesus ! 
Sure , you can enjoy life while you can ! But , don't leave God's boundaries ! If you do , you will be living on the hottest lake anywhere ! 
< PROPMALE>'s Daily Bits and Bytes : Food for thought ... \ 
The Bible says that the end times will be like the days of < PROPMALE > . And look around you ! The men of God and the men of earth have have merged ! Many are constantly sinning . The Lord says to us that he will come like a thief in the night to those who are unprepared . Be ready ! I want to see you guys in heaven ! God bless ! 
FYI : I may not be able to post < PROPMALE>'s Bits and Bytes all this week . 
Attention ! \ 
Every day I will try to post a wise saying or something like it . Please read them and comment ! 
WOOT ! Packers won the game 59-24 ! 
Darn ! My FB isn't working right . My chat thing is broken .... 
I'm really gonna miss Goof Troop ! It was so fun and exciting . Now I know how a cast feels at the end of the filming for a movie ... 
If you believe in Jesus Christ , put this on your wall . Do not just ignore this . In the Bible it says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of My Father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , put this ...... on your wall :) 
Hey Gang ! I think I have a plan here ... Spread the word that it is preferable for TC Club Members to have a FB . My idea . That way ... we can all stay connected ! 
Wow , for the first time ever I wish that Goof Troop would never end . Maybe they have another volume and we can come back to it a year from now !!!! :D 
Ahhhh ... I got exactly what I needed today : a good , long nap . 
Remember everyone : TC Club filming Saturday at 9:00 !! This means you Zac ! 
You know I actually got to go somewhere new today ... CRAZY ! :D 
I joined The Goof Troop for pistols . Then , I found out the evil Goof Troop had RPGs ... 
ATTENTION : This just in ! < PROPMALE > Pain arrests Commodore Pain . Same promoted to Colonel . See Zac Wagner's wall for full story ! 
I just realized today that I have been working so much over the past year that it feels wrong to sit back and relax on a Saturday ! 
Like this if you crack up when the audio gets out of sync on a movie ! 
There Testify ! I am now clean of recent activity ! :) 
If I can't take it anymore ; I just switch to another to take . :) 
Read the below note ! 
if I died today , how would you remember me ? set this as your status to see what others say about you 
The other day my twin brother and I switched places for a while . If was SO funny ! < PROPMALE > Pain kept asking me to bring in one soldier and I always brought in another . Another time < PROPMALE > Pain asks for Lieutenant Hazor and My bro shows up dressed like me ! You should've seen the look on < PROPMALE > Pain's face when he saw us side-by-side . And don't even ask about when Ensign Rozah showed up ... 
had fun on the Devil's Lake ( as well as Intl . Crane Fnd . and < PROPFEMALE > Center ) trip ! Got to spend time with some of my closest friends ( < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE >...) , and saw some beautiful scenery ! Like if you agree . 
Sheesh ! My chat app has been going CRAZY for the past few days . \ 
People keep telling me that they can't see my chat messages . Time to get out the sledgehammer ... 
Help Please ! My chatbar is not showing , and it is only happening on my account . 
needs a status update . So , here it is ! \ 
MY STATUS UPDATE 
Who knew missing one day of school can cause long-term ridiculous stress ? \ 
Also , have you heard of anti-diseshtablishmentarianisnm ( Yes , it is a real word ! ) ? 
All-right , I am starting a discussion on antidisestablishmentarianism ! All ideas , facts on history , and any definitions accepted ! 
Have you ever wondered if we overreact so much that changing your name to < PROPFIRST > with any last name starting with N would initiate a state of emergency ? 
What I will do , what I am doing , and what I can do are all different things . \ 
-some smart fellow- 
I am in Jazz Band ! A dream come true ! 
Have any of you tried to log in to FB , and then having facebook tell you that you need to verify your account and change your password because it has been compromised ? It just happened to me 
Well , yesterday I spent 2 or 3 hours overhauling my computer's appearance . Now , my computer that runs Windows XP looks like it's running < PROPMALE > OS X ! 
This is so funny ! I am using literally upside down english ! 
Never mind ye olde upside down ! I be usin ' Pirate English now ! ARRRR ! 
ARRRR ! I be feelin ' the need to sail the seven seas o ' the world ! Just need a chest o ' gold and that's a start ! 
It's torture ! During my technically 9 day vacation I will have to get up at 3 or 4 in the morning to catch a flight one day ! Well , at least it makes for a good businessman ... \ 
By the way : my nickname is \Ivan the Awesome ! \ " from the second night at the museum " 
I want to find out how many people will like this status , so LIKE IT ! 
A few years ago my parents and I went to London , England . We were standing at the top of Big < PROPMALE > , and we decided to drop our watches and see who could get to the bottom before it hit the ground . So , mom drops hers and takes 5 steps before it hits the ground . Dad drops his , and only takes 3 steps . I drop mine , walk to the bottom , buy a snack , and catch my watch . In case you didn't know , my watch is 30 minutes slow ! 
Wouldn't be Ironic if someone cartoonized a cartoon profile picture ? 
Hello all ! Thank you for the birthaday wishes ! Oh , and < PROPFEMALE > Schoessow , I did have to attend school . 
You know , I always wonder why at banks the vault is always open , yet they chain the pens to the desk !?!? 
Mr. Maass was the greatest teacher ever ! I will really miss him ! Like and comment if you agree ! 
I try to learn something new every day . The other day , I found out that it's a bad idea to play golf during a thunderstorm ! 
I'm starting a novel about armies battling in space . I need character names , ideas , etc . comment , message me , or e-mail me . 
Help ! My chat is messed up ( again) ! Any suggestions ? 
All in favor of drilling in the gulf say I !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
American Solution to illegal immigration :\ 
Illegal Immigrants can stay as long as they register with the government . \ 
........................................................................................................................ \ 
Remember , illegal immigrants have to go back if the gov . finds out . See , the perfect solution !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please keep the Kjorlie family in your prayers ! 
is somewhat exhausted . Did some real work today on the farm . 
I found from a Dilbert book that the best way to be a manager is to use inconcieveably large and complicated terms ! 
Hey , did you know that today is the first day of the rest of your life ? 
Look towards the sky ! Cool cloud patterns as hot and cold cloud masses mix !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Does anyone besides me think that computers are out to get us sometimes ? 
My mom is not appreciating my taste in profile pictures ... 
If anyone does not like my profile pics , my mom made me do it ! 
Let's see who truly reads my status ! You and I wake up in a cop car together , using 4 words ONLY , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment yours as well Be a good , and play . 
Let's see who really reads my status . \ 
You and I wake up on a planet a long ways from earth . What would you say in 6 words or less ? \ 
Post this as your status if you comment ! 
This man decides to enter into a local newspaper's pun contest . He sent 10 puns in to ensure that at least one was published . Sadly , no pun in ten did . 
The severe weather sirens go off WAY too much here in Roseville , MN ! The other day , the sirens go off twice and nothing happens ! So much for sitting in the basement ... 
Keep the Roesler family in your prayers , as < PROPFIRST > Roesler just passed away . 
My computer got \bit . \ " I have to dump the whole system and reload it . Thanks all you virus makers ! " 
Today , my doctor made all the voices in my head go away . I guess I should ask him about the purple platypus I keep seeing ... 
is pretty happy that Minecraft 1.7.2 came out ! 
Heading out to family camp ! 
Florida next week !!!! 
Band practice was fun , but I can't get the commands out of my head ! \ 
... Detail a-Ten-Hut ! ( HUT ! ) 
Settling down in < PROPFEMALE > , hot , and humid Florida ! 
