going to school , which means that i have to face my ex ... yay ! oh well life goes on eh ? 

hmm ... maybe all you can eat Hooter's wings are not so much of great thing , but more of a what the hell were you thinking kind of deal ... uggggh ... me and < PROPMALE > went in to place harm upon the chciken but it would appear the chicken has placed harm upon us lol 
thowing invites to LouisvilleVW memebers , so thats who that random guy who just added you is more than likely lol 
yea , fuck myspace ... i'm now in the process of adding people on here , only to realize that most people don't have a facebook , oh well lol 
the < PROPFEMALE > spun a < PROPMALE > bearing , the crank looked alright , and we mic'ed it , and it was less than a 1000th off so it should be cool to run , Now all I need to do is find the bearings on monday and hopefully I will be on the road again 
Three words : IN THE FACE !!!! 
As much as New Year resolutions tend to piss me off I for once actually have one , graduate high school and be fit enough to enlist shortly afterwards 
foodtown a go go ! 
why is adult swim in spanish ? 
got held at fucking gun point , fml , glad to have a head and a car still 
sledding hit the mobile , 296-9623 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > November Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
New cell phone , 416-5462 , text it ppl 
my new gangster name is count trap-ula 
very bored 
does not feel like its his birthday , it just feels like every other day , same routine , lame routine , pretty much 
going to sleep before the wolfs get here , they can be so rude sometimes 
FML 
why did i let myself get my hopes up , I know how my life works , hope , disapointment , emptiness , repeat ..... ugh 
fuck whats on my mind , how about that face book ? 
going to the gym today , anybody want to come along , I should have a guest pass now , text it or call it four16-5462 
man ... I need to check my facebook more often lolz 
false hope is like pcp , it will keep you going through whatever gets in your way , but man it will have you messed up when it wears off . 
They think thy know the answers , yet they fail to form the very questions , the world you know is a mass accepted lie , you're ontology ultimately governs your preception of reality , so why accept they're mental cage ? 
School , I hope someone gets hit in the face today , that would be a day maker , as long as they don't cry ... wait would that make it even better ? 
My mind is alike a mule , it pulls hard , and gets the job done , but damn it sure is difficult to get it going at times ... 
man it sucks to have allergies , its so nice outside yet I feel like shit 
fill the void with the lies , fill this tomb with your life , feel this anchor save us from the flood , underneath the illusion , but we will never overcome the end . 
well , i think its high time for these imbeciles to stfu and gtfo with their fail , and maybe even joafb(just guess ) you know me lol , for those of us who do not follow , Idiots should stop spaming my wall with all of their app crap , afterall its quite pointless , I ignore it all in spite =) 
man 5 hour power is great , yet alike everything else its only great in .... you guessed it ... moderation , I feel hyper and sweaty , a bad combo , and a vicious cycle I might add , well I feel like seizing the day , who alls down ? 
a mosquito bite seriously ? lets just feel the atmosphere with methane gas and light a fucking match ! GRRRRRRRR 
food time , text it 
Sarcasm ... yay , Life is so fulfilling and full of pleasant people ... yea ... right . 
fo'guck yourself , for those to lay for the real insult ! 
no direction , no beliefs , no reason nor purpose , without a feeling and within it dies , denile of this degredation will never restore you , a hole full of the corpse of meaning is lost and burried under the sky , dying to give this to the grave , trying to find a better way , not a word nor a wimper marching on into the fall , with fall comes change , and when its gone we have reached our december . 
In my opinion everyone of us is a hole in one , think about it scrub . 
going to mall town whos in , text me four 16-5462 
Kicker comp cvr's ftw , my 12's can beat up your 15 or 12's lol 
Think fast ! Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message ; instead , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you . 
anyone want to go to the mall ? 
going to mall , whos in ? 
I got a job !!! but I still own a vw , does that mean that I still have no money ? 
I'm starting to feel something like a gourd full of the fermented Decomposition of my hopes and dreams 
happy burr day < PROPMALE > , jk jk enjoy being legal lol 
bitch , I cook fish , get on my level of employment , well more like take orders and laugh at people at the drive through window while the mic is off 
wheres the derby party at , it not in my butt nor pants , so please don't suggest i look there again 
work today , get at me after 4 
empty much ? nah ... more likef ull of shit , yet empty still ? maybe just hollow , maybe just to standard , either way you see the glass , you are still fucking wrong , its full alright , full to the brim , but that waters not you'res nor mine , so what difference does it make ? 
why cant laundry do its self , or atleast come up stairs , blehhh ! 
my day started off on the wrong foot , bleh , I left school early , more important stuff to do ? not likely , stuff to do , of course , so I guess its time to get to work , until 3:30 when I Have to get to work , yup I'm in a lucid and cohesive mood today 
wow , I'm bored no work today , and I just got paid , well someone gave me money they owed me , lets do something fun ? 
well I'm going for a drive to enjoy this pro weather , so peace , text me or something , actually don't , I don't want to end up in a ditch lol . 
I'm off today , but I guess no one wants to do anything ... 
ok Im thinking about hitting the gym , and then maybe some b-ball , whos in for some 2v2 3v3 or 4v4 , lets get this cracking 
ok , b-balls a no go , i'm leaving for work , well right now lol , leave me love people , well so much for my off day ... 
Just got home , Me and Dom closed , and now I will eat for the first time in 28 hours 
I just spent the last two hours at school hoopin , my limbs are dying lol , i'm going to the mall does anyone want to come with , IDK who just hit me up in the next 2 hours and 30 mins 
im grabbing a shower , I feel sore right now 
I'm going to the mall who else wants to come ? 
just wired and installed a new head-unit , wiring harness and all , my fingers are tore up lol , i hate copper wires ftl lol 
I hate it when you join annoying groups , so kill yourself 
shit , I forgot to look and see which days I work this week ... 
I wish I trusted my car ... but its < PROPMALE > ... 
listening to sublime while cleaning the room , feels good man . 
Wow , I just realized we are all wasting so much fucking time , every single second spent doing nothing is a crime , we're fucking dying constantly , so make the best of the time you get , if you choose to waste it you might aswell kill yourself now . 
Work , bleh , manager ............ right ... ok 
does the emptiness ever cease to spread through out ? There is nothing left within me to spare , Why do I even try to hide it , I literally feel as if I have nothing left within , but I guess i'm ok , everything is normal here , everything is fucked 
lol at < PROPFIRST > gray , may he create shitty noises no more 
just got done meeting with the bank , i'm about to be on a budget , so yea , I am no on my way to be completely independent , free-everything was fun while it lasted lol 
I did not ever really have too many friends at doss to begin with , but now I just about have none , watching my peers walk past me with tears in their eyes out into this world of opportunity , I remain behind alone , I will miss you all even though I doubt very many of you will miss me . 
anyone want to go to the mall , text me , 416-5462 , im leaving at 5:45 so get to it 
work today 12-4 then mall , whos in , text me 502-(four)16-5462 , well see you whiteys later , zip it in .. and zip it OUT 
ugghboredomxxxxx ! yea about that lol ... 
ok mall today , for sure , whos down , text it , 416-5462 
I feel sore lol , I just went beast at the gym , I wana do somethong today , whos down for the mall today ? 
new phone text me with your name and number ( 502 ) 4I6-5462 
The only color in my rainbow is violence , mainly because I don't own crayons , and the pot of gold is burried too deep to obtain , alike your hopes and dreams 
well my car decided to break down on me at an unoppurtunw time ... soooo ... I went ape shit mechanic on it , and fixed the problem with the ring which once held my car keys(holding transimission shift link in place , c-clip went awol lol ) well I ordered the part from the Volkswagen dealer so lets hope my ghetto rigging holds up for a few days lol 
hitting the mall , deuces ppl , leave me love 
\Officer observed listed subject operating listed vehicle at a high rate of speed east bound on st < PROPFIRST > church road . Officer paced subject between 55 and 60 mph in a 35MPH zone . subject was driving in both lanes of this very curvy and hilly road in a reckless manner not showing any regard for other vehicles . \"" 
I'm tripping , I might lose my license , I need to find a good lawyer , and learn my lesson 
going to food town 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , sorry for spilling water on your penis , next time I assure you I will get it right , you ordered fanta , jk jk lol 
new whitechapel cd , Im going to go out and \cop dat junt\ " ..... lolz " 
Like this Status and I'll tell you what i like about you 
work today 12-4 , after that its whatever , text me and we will fcuk shit up later on 
I'm feeling lower than usual today , anybody want to hangout or do something , I could use some company , just something to get my mind off of everything 
hope is like water in a bathtub , if you have too little you can't get anything done , if you have too much it will overflow and leave your foundation corrupted , if you fill that tub with some substitute , trying to fool yourself into thinking its real , you just end up becoming more soiled and saturated by the sorrow and emptiness you were attempting to wash away , and eventually you will drown in its shallow depths 
Nobody really wants this , but its all any of us will ever have , so embrace it , face it , and fucking live your life for once without all of the bullshit that hold you back , all you need is what has been given to you already , so whats stoping you ? 
who wants to hangout ? 
anyone know anybody selling a ported 12\ x2 subwoofer box ? " 
its hot outside , and I just drank a liter of gatorade G2 and now I feel sick and have a head ache , why can't I find the original shit anymore ? 
I just re-wired my entire system , I used 6 gauge power cable this time , so all of my notes are all being delivered with life finally , now the question is should I reinstall the cap ? 
well I quit my job , I really could not take it anymore , it was so easy , yet so hard at the same time , I really hate stupid people 
Just got done working out , now i'm ready for whatever , hit me up with entertainment prospects , and we shall seize the world ... 
how does one fail to notice they are sun burrr ! ned , looking in the mirror and asking myself this question , its lame now that ive seen it i can feel it , wtf , mind over matter lol 
Need moar power ! NEEDZ moar bazzzz ! 
so bored , please god supply me with the entertainment or kill me ! 
bored , you should reallt hit me up , i ; m down for whatever 
The gym , Basketball , then boredom , so who want to go somewhere or hoop later on , text me or drop me a line , peace 
i'm bored , and so are you , so lets go do something constructive , or maybe even destructive depending on how fun that something is . 
walmart , grape drink , go ! 
i'm fucking sore , 5 days straight spending 2 hours at the gym , I wonder if this is some sort of crutch for having an empty life lol 
Wow , i'm so bored , hit me up . 
< PROPFIRST > has not seen the sun yet today . 
Insert boo-hoo here ! NO ! How about shutting the fuck up and opening you're eyes , shit could always be so much worse than it is , are we all really growing so jaded that we have become unable to see what we have in front of us . Face it life is better than you think it is . 
New parkway drive , I just became a bit more complete within , I have been waiting for 2 years lol , its fucking epic 
whos down for some BasketBall ? lets get a game going , msg me or text 
flat tire , fml , now what am i going to do , no < PROPFIRST > , no way to drive it , fuck I guess i'mgoing to have to plug it 
I'm feeling pretty low today , lower than usual , with a side of emptiness , not that any of you care how I feel or anything . 
the system is becoming a bit much , my rear quarter panel has started to flex stupid hard , and I can't ever really see out of my mirrors when I drive , well I guess its time for 15's LMFAO ! 
( is stealing this . ) Like this status and I'll tell you what I like about you , dislike about you , and one confession . 
my amp caught on fire , a transistor and 2 internal capacitors completely fried , and then it decided to melt the fuse block instead of blowing them , well I think this is actually fixable despite how bad it sounds , I just need to Id part # and order them 0 . o\ 
Atleast it sounded really good while it was fucking its own brains out ? 
well frying my amp has sent me into an audio induced rage , so I am now about to buy a roll of roofing sound insulation from home depot and sound deaden my trunk , I'm sick of the metal fap , I want to actually hear my lows not my rear quarter panels slapping against the subframe ... 
I want a Fushigi ball because contact juggling is baller status , youtube that shit , its epic . 
man I think ove sourced out an orion 800 watt amp for 60 , thats whats up 
Losing all hope is freedom , but its still not enough , the life you live still lacks meaning , and you still have no direction , so maybe freedom is not so great , so now it feels as if I have lost two things , along with the countless other losses of my collective time spent on this planet , 
He who sacrifices his conscience to ambition burns a picture to obtain the ashes . \ 
very true chinese proverb 
wow , I went to the gym for 30 minutes on my first rest day in the past 5 , i need to slow down a little 
Wow , dear people whom keep complaining about fake people , humans are codependent , self-validation seeking shape-shifters , no these people are not fake , they are human , they are just like you , humans lie , so just get adjusted to reality , but the saddest part is that you are lying to yourself , believe me you are a liar 
who wants to hoop today ? msg me or text , Four one six-5462 
new phone , text me name so I can add you to contacts , 502- 4one6-5462 , who wants to play some basketball today ? msg me on here or text it 
I just watched somebody fall of the back of a motorcycle right next to me as I passed them , i'm so glad they did not die , that could of really fucked up my head , it was not my fault but for some reason i wonder , all in all , they likely have a back injury , serious road rash and internal bleeding , pray for them ? 
where are all of my friends at ? come on don't tell me you all have already forgotten about me ? 
97/51 , my blood pressure and heart rate aint to shabby lol 
I'm about to go < PROPMALE > my bed of them zzz , themz my zzzez fool ! wurd , yes wordz , well more like letters 
who wants to hangout today , seriously any one , just hit me up , i'm bored out of my mind 
I feel like my life is stuck at idle , and i'm just slowly rolling into uncertainty , blind at the wheel with no direction , and only one clear destination , but I would like to see so much more before I get there , which route am I taking , I don't even know , i would prefer the scenic , yet long road , yet I'm so lost and turned around I can't tell if I'm even moving . 
i'm going for a run , peace 
one of you assholes is in for it , I got a call from some < PROPMALE > , claiming they were going to knock my teeth out , and they knew alot of random shit about me , I told them to tell me there full name , which they provided , my intention was to find out who they were and beat their ass , but apparently I just got pranked by < PROPFIRST > d mercer , on live radio , so who ever got me pranked , thanks alot < PROPMALE > face 
letting go of this deep rooted hatred is the hardest obstacle in which I am faced 
who wants to do something today , hit me up and it shall be done ! 
I've become so fortified within myself , only to find out that these walls contain nothing , now I'm trapped inside of what was meant to protect me from getting hurt . 
who wants to see a movie tonight ? 
about to bake a pizza from scratch , don't hate on the skills 
chest and back day at the gym , I went insane , then played basketball for an hour and a half , all i can say is , uuugghhh ... owe , I guess the pain feels good to me , it lets me know I got it down lol , but anyway who wants to chill , I'm bored 
life is way too long , we should all take it for granted more often . 
did hell rise or something , its too hot outside , well what ever , if it does not kill you it ... is unpleasent to deal with ... IDK about making you stronger lol 
hey I have an idea , lets start a < PROPMALE > fire , actually never mind , I'm pretty sure mother nature is already working on that , can't fall happen sooner ? 
Ahh the smaller the Latte , the bigger the flavor =) 
Life is long , yet it is still short in comparison to the time your fear consumes . 
blah ... blah ... blah ... empty ... yet full ... alone yet strong ... without reason ... within purpose ... as a person this is selfless , to the people we are selfish ... running out of wisdom ... bumping into questions ... no need the answer ... you will find it when you surface 
I will not lose nor will I step aside , nothing can break me for I am solid , nothing can move me for I am certain , with cold hands I fall in love with the warmth within hard labor , with cold hands I let go of my hopes of dreaming , nightmares bring me insight , inspite of the unrest , this terror knows nothing of what resides with my chest , so is it best that i remain alone , so this is how it began , so this is how it ends 
well , its chest/back day , and I'm mixing in a bit of shoulder and tricep isolation for the hell of it , time for pain 
wtf , both of my biceps are 16.5 inches around , but the right arm looks like its nearly an inch and a half bigger ? 
damn its imposible to find an ignition coil for a vw in stock at any parts dealer , well any vw part at that ... damn krautz 
lol i just spammed the fuck out of that truth game app , i honestly started double clicking responces so ... yea lol .... so ..... what ever I said about you .... yea I totally meant it(sarcasm much ? ) I hate apps that require you accumulate points to unlock answers about what others think of you ... it bugs me 
fucking < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I feel like I have betrayed a good frined , I was supposed to give my frined a ride into work today , and I was going to do so , but I fell asleep waiting for 4:30 to roll around , that when I should have left , so around 5:30 my friend calls me and is like wtf 
i'm going to the mall to get some new shoes among other things , who wants to tag along ? 
school in less than 48 hours , bleh 
schools is actually looking alright , I just hope it stays that way . 
well well well , I do believe its time I go to the gym and hit the bench , leave me stuff lol 
Pain ? I choose to no longer understand the concept , all a burden is and ever will be is something which I have not reached in order to move past yet , so in other words , Just get out there and do it , because the only thing that can stop you is you . 
going for a run , leave me love 
I thought popping bubble wrap would cheer me up a little , but I guess that I was .... right , ahhh you just have to love lifes simple joys . 
I'm going to be adding a bunch of people over the weekend ... so hello in advance , and if you are wondering why I added you , its likely because we have classes together or that I knew you at some point and just never got around to it , so hello everyone , our senior year is going to be awesome ! 
ok I'm ready for some serious gym time , So I will be home around 4:30 , hit me up then , its time to get my chest and back feeling the pain lol 
Well I'm going to be spending the next few hours working on this summer reading project , so yea , leave me love , Ill be back in a few hundred pages 
Today is bicep and tricep iso-training day , I'm pretty sore from yesterdays chest and back , but thats a good thing in my mind , it feels like I have actually done something , well I am going to eat , Digest , and then head out for the gym , leave me stuff , peace 
Going for a run at iroquois with < PROPFIRST > the Man , peace , leave teh love 
well , after reading a few articles about over training I have finally convinced myself to take a day off from the gym , I think I'm going to shoot a few baskets and go for a walk around the park . 
sometimes hope can be alike an anchor holding you back , but if you let go of it , you are helplessly adrift at the mercy of this heartless sea , so do I let go and crash into the rocks , or to I grip onto it tighter just to keep myself motivated even though I know my hopes are false 
This is all we have , this is all we are , just keep on going , no matter the price , it is worth it , because life is what you make it , so start building , and quit trying to destroy yourself and others 
Like this status if I should trade my car for a street bike 
gym , chest and back , I'm feeling pretty agro at the moments so I'm really going to go do work today , leave me love 
I am so happy to be breathing right now , someone nearly pulled out in front of me on st. < PROPFIRST>'s , I was going a bit over the speed limit , and they were in a big suv , so I am really glad they stopped halfway , fuck blind corners , i'm out 
bicep and tricep day , I'm so ready to get some serious sets down , I'm really pumped today , well I'm going to grab a bite , digest , then head out for the gym , peace , leave me stuff 
I just had an active day , I got alot done at the gym , ran 1 mile and still managed to read , i'm ready for tomorrow , i'm just trying to get ready for this pain lol 
Well I'm about to go kick my beds ass , and In my dreams I shall fly , haahaa ! 
Just got home from writers workshop , it was not that bad , I had a pretty chill group lol 
I never know what to do on my off days from the gym , I always feel guilty like i'm slacking or something , but Its for the best , i just can't help but feel like i need to be there . 
feelings always seem to end up getting us in trouble somehow , and people wonder why we have became so apathetic 
going to B dubs with teh crew , peace , leave me love lol 
Today is going to be good , I refuse to let myself down , its all in the attitude you throw 
hanging with higdon , and lattis , watching them fail at forza , and cooking pizza from scratch , good times lol 
so apparently when we and < PROPFIRST > Lattis < PROPFEMALE > out we gain super power and become the A-team , so yea whats up now ! < PROPFEMALE > might count but her idea of making her name < PROPFIRST > just aint cuttin it lol ! lol crazy night , had fun , peace 
I woke up , and I really wanted some hotcakes , and for once i could have them , because its chest and back day again at the gym , time to carb up and burn down , after that I'm hanging out with my cousin < PROPMALE > , so I won't be home until later on , peace , leave me love 
I am really big right now , I went insane at the gym , I took everything to the limit , and then pushed passed it , I feel like I could pick up a boulder right about now , I better go carb load lol , well I'm going to go chill with my cousin < PROPMALE > , text me ( 502)416-546two 
Bed , I'd hit that , so I am going too 
Gym , going to get my biceps and triceps deeling the pain lol , then I'm going to the fair , leave me love , i have room for one other person in my car so , if you want to go hit me up before 2:30 
Just got home from the gym , I think I may have finally got through this plateau , I am over-stepping alot of my limits , it feels really good , even though i'm constantly sore and in pain lol 
plans fell through , so now I'm cleaning my room , and think I might start on that book work shartzer gave the ap class , 182-186 heads up lol , due tuesday 
Fucking zombie walk tonight @ Bardstown and eastern parkwys at 8:29 , EPIC ! be there 
Gym today , chest and back day once again , So yea , leave me love =) 
just got back from the gym , hit me up 
went and to recieve a Sports physical , Doc said that I was in tip-top shape for my weight and height , so now its on , I am going to join the football team , well leave me love , i'm going to the gym 
I'm feeling low , oh well 
gym today , I slacked for three days , time to get serious , wish me luck 
I dislike waiting for laundry , it needs to hurry up , maybe if I hit the machine ? hmm ... maybe 
well , laundrys dry ... finally , i'm headed for the gym peace , leave me love 
Just returned home from the gym , I put down some serious bench time , and then hit shoulders and back , I feel good , who wants to do something today , hit me up , text it 416-5462 
Bored , would any body like to to something today , movies , mall , ect ? 
Gym , leave me shit 
Just like Dec , 7th , 1941 today could have been like any other , but for some reason we decided to look the other way and let someone sucker punch us again , for what , the profit of a few large corporations who have ties to the party , fuck off gop 
Just went to the gym , did chest , back and shoulders , I put in some serious reps , then left and got tacobell =) now I'm bored , lets talk , and maybe do something today ? 
Well I'm about to leave for the gym , bicep and tricep isolation day , I had hotcakes this morning so its on fo'sho , lol leave me love , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > when i'm done ? 
New tires , the < PROPFEMALE > is feeling alot more responsive than before , Hmm I wonder why , I guess the steel belted radials which were exposed on my last ones did not hug the road quite right , lol , too bad I'm broke now =( 
just got back from my run , it was intense , I thought I couldent keep it up , but some how I found a way to pull a little more out of myself and ended up exceding my limit 
Chest , Back and Shoulders day again , so I'm about to eat , digest and then hit the gym like a beast , leave me stuff while i'm gone 
wow , job applications are too freaking long , bleh 
hmmm , should I go for a run , i'm tired , but fuck it , hard work pays off I suppose 
my stupid phone no longer sends text , thats a cracked blackberry for you ... 
where are all of my friends , were they just in my head ? 
I need something to do , who wants to do something tonight ? 
McDonalds breakfast , what a shitty way to start a day , well Its chest , back and shoulder day , I'm about to try to put up +5lb on everything , hell I'm going for 10lb , go big or go home lol 
bored , who wants to get out and do something later on ? 
sitting here letting these oats digest , about to hit the gym , its chest , back and shoulders day , wish me luck and leave me love lol 
ok , i'm 30-60 mins behind today , so i'm going to hit the gym , do the same old routine , and then my day should be back on track lol 
fun night , kinda tierd , back aches , time for the gym , tricep and bicep isolation ... great , better keep a straight form for my backs sake lol , leave me stuff 
I pulled a muscle in my back , anyone know anything i can do to make it hurt less , i think its the left latt , come on people with sports medicine , hook me up with info lol 
lol , im glad tomorrows pj day , because My back hurts so fucking bad right now I might not be able to bare getting dressed in the morning , well at this rate atleast 
back still fucked , spent the whole day working on my car , I want to be able to go the gym , my back needs to hurry up and heal , I'm kinda worried I have a herniated disc or some lame shit 
back pain has me bedridden , whooopieeee 
trying to make my windows viesta mimic the gui of < PROPMALE > OS10 sad lol 
I just want to be able to lift again soon , I'm so tempted to hit the gym , im afraid my backs never going to heal at this rate , I'm trying to keep myself rested but its really depressing , I'm trying not to lose mass , omg im freaking out 
ughhh , stfu back pain ! 
i'm going for a walk around the park , I need activity lol 
Just left the gym , did lats for the first time since pulling one 10 days ago , I feel pretty damn good , who wants to do something ? 
I generally dislike glee , I hope it fails in a dramatic fashion , no pun intended . 
Going for a jog around the park , leave me love , peace for now lol 
i'm tired of being single , but I don't even know where to start on changing that lol 
in the maket for a 80gb plus ipod or zune , anyone selling ? 
i'm bored , talk to me people 
fuck i just ran out of time ! 
going for a jog , later 
Truth is ... I'm really bored , who wants to do something tonight , IDK movies or something , hit me up 
lol , my shoulder got DC'ed at the rotator cup on thursday , now it pops every time I move my arm in a circle , i wonder how this healing process works , or I wonder if I need to get it popped back into socket or something 
Back from the gym , my arm did not fall off , so I'm happy ; even though I did not work as hard as I had wanted to , oh well who wants to do something today . 
truth is ... 
I'm growing tired , so I best be hitting the pillow , I have a big day infront of me tomorrow , alot of import and , not to mention significant things to accomplish , its going to be super awesome , nite 
just got home from the gym , went beast as always , now I need something to do , any ideas , who wants to chill ? 
with hands clinched within fist , of hands so empty we drink the poison , drunk with ignorance , digesting the bitter sweet necter of love's deciet , falling into ourselfs , the mistakes we repeat 
I'm bored , IM me or something 
Sigh ... 
So I was sitting in my english class today , shartzer gets a call , and then tells me to go home , as soon as she says this I get hit by a ton of bricks . I seriously thought my dad had passed away , turns out my mom just needed me to move my dad's hospital bed upstairs , and her's downstairs , fml lol 
People just confuse me sometimes , am I even human , I am on some other wave link or something , me and my peer group are not compatible what so ever it seems , but do I even care , no not about this , not about anything really , I'm just accustomed to being on my own I guess 
Finally bought myself a new ipod , bought to fill this thing tonight tonight , Oh how I have missed my music , time for some smashing pumpkins for the first time in a long one 
I'm about to go to the gym here in a few , leave me stuff , who wants to do something later on , message me or something 
who wants to hangout or something today ? 
going to the gym , leave me stuff , peace 
do we have school tomorrow ? 
ahhh , conspiracy is afoot , children in disguises keep coming to my door and knocking attempting to trick me out of my treats , I won't be having that , they need to go get jobs , freeloaders , this is my < PROPFEMALE > >:v ( 
man I need to find a girlfrined , being single loses its appeal over time I guess 
who wants to hangout today ? 
uggggh , boredom kills , someone pull me out of this boredom tail spin before I pass out 
To vote or not to Vote , either way it barely even matters 
whos trying to go to bardstown road with me and < PROPFIRST > ? 
ughh today was busy , this thing in english is getting deep 
sometimes I just generally despise people , I look at them , they think they know who I am , and what I am about , you knoow , they figure they got me all summed up , yet they really have no clue who I am , maybe if they did they would give me the same repect and understanding I extend to them . 
INBOX ONLY : tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . Stays between us . Put this as your status to see what you get . boredom yes ? 
hitting the gym here in a bit , just got done eating my breakfast , feeling good , kinda confused due to half of my clocks resetting , but its all gravy baby . 
nothing to do today , so lets change that , hit me up 
going to the gym in a few minutes , chest and back day , leave me stuff 
just got back from the gym , now I'm bout to get my grub on lol 
fuck , i overdrafted again , I need to just use cash from now on , ahhh I owe the bank like 63 freaking bucks ... 
I'm going to the show , who else is trying to go ? 
show was good , < PROPMALE > out with a bunch of cool people , and now i'm ready to chill 
plan A : go to gym , go beast , go home , kill zombies , drink caffeine , kill zombies faster , maybe make a trip to tacotown , deathmatches until my eyes bleed\ 
Plan B : there is no plan B 
so the new call of duty is trying to brainwash me , I literally just spent my entire day playing , 12 freaking hours ... lol 
my life has became nothing but time spent at the gym , or playing call of duty , but the weird thing about it is that I am lovin it lol 
well , it looks like its heating up in the fareast , so maybe its about time I say fuck it and enlist , I know I can get in the army currently , but the marines would require a little more work , hmmm this is an annoying decision 
fuck GTL , I'm on that G , COD : BO , S shit , if you're slow that's gym , call of duty : black ops , sleep lol 
fuck , sleep , yea .... 
jcps has offically announced School will be closed tomorrow ! 
I fucking hate snowdays , I also hate other good things , what i'm trying to say is that I'm really a sarcastic < PROPMALE > . 
fuck your complaints about shit , i busted the < PROPFEMALE > out and drove to get mcdonalds breakfast , im awake now 
I gave that bitch an iceday , the bitches love icedays 
I was playing call of duty , and I owned someone so hard that I needed a break . Why you ask ? Well , I shot a freaking valkyrie missle with a sniper rifle , it was being fired at me , killing the person who had fired said valkyrie missle , It was amazing , nuf said 
its weird how you can ignore a problem for a long time , only to have it meet you somewhere else along the line , I feel like I just wasted alot of precious time , time you will never get back , all in efforts to spare ones self pain 
This must be how it feels to be Jewish ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , I hope everyone has a joyful holiday 
woke up feeling real shitty , somehow I managed to push through and beast at the gym , yet now i feel even shittier , someone should amuse me 
I'm so bored , uggghhhhhh , bored .... still .... 
man I still feel sort sick , i'm trying to sweat this thing out of my system , easier said than done , bleh x a billion 
common Louisville do your thing ! and by thing I mean bring it back after losing for the first half 
Kentucky Cheated . 
Dear facebook , stop bitching about your life , its not so bad . 
My Father is dead , please pray that his suffering is finally over . 
I'm going to try and geet some sleep , I would like to thank everyone for the thoughtful remarks , they help alot , I Just know my dad has to be in a better place , and hes finally at peace 
I would Just like to thank everyone for all the love and support they have been giving both me and my family , it means so much right now , this whole thing would be alot harder without it all 
damn , when the shock of the first blow goes away is when it really hits you , I just wish I could have done things differently 
my Dad's visitation will be Saturday 11am-4pm at < PROPMALE > Funeral Home , 5317 < PROPFEMALE > Highway , followed by a memorial service at 4pm . \ 
\ 
for those of you who knew him it would mean alot if you would stop by and pay your respects , he will be missed dearly 
So it snowed huh ? how about that ? 
Who wants to go out have some fun , or I guess you could just stay on FB all day lol 
had fun sledding and drinkin , those two thing together are a good thing 
I feel shitty , still hit the gym , I'm fucking stupid , these cough drops taste like burning reesus monkey , and worst of all I'm out of things to complain about 
well even though I feel to sick to get out of bed , that u of l game made me feel better lol 
couging up large chunks'O nasty shit , my favorite ! 
Wow , this is epic , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > makes < PROPMALE > Eastwood look like < PROPFIRST > Simmons . 
why are decent women so hard to come by , what the hell happend to values and standards ? 
owe my lungs , why the fuck wont this cold go away ? 
who wants to chill ? 
I'm about to hit legs and abs hard as fuck tomorrow , I'm adding an entire new routine to my weekly set , on 3 off 1 repeat , wish me luck 
Shoud I shave ? yes or no , this is a poll 
I just want to know where da cake at ! 
wow my life is empty , I need more meaningful relationships or a purpose 
dude ... \ 
step 1 . spend < PROPFEMALE>'s money \ 
step 2 . ????? \ 
step 3 . profit\ 
duh .... 
Is it bad that I just now found out school was canceled 
Omg that game was crazy 55-54 , U of L all day 
is it me or do app invites pretty much just amount to the words \go fuck yourself \"" 
I just beasted on m biceps and triceps , up to a new level preacher curls with 45 lbs on each side of the bar , damn it feels good 
About to go hit Abs , legs and mid to lower back tody , then if I can walk after ll that it is hoop season , hit me up and we can chill or something later on 
so I just coughed up a chunk of death , thats just great , I wonder how many weeks I can stay sick ? 
I am trying to do some outdoors type stuff today , who wants to come ? 
I never know how to spend my off days from they gym , then again I rarely take off days on the weekend 
well on top of this cold I have been fighting for 3 weeks , I now have some sort of stomach flu , did not get any sleep last night , and I am really hungry 
hmm , i feel as if im getting another illness , holy crap this is amazing 
there are too many chemicals in my body , no wonder I'm feeling shitty . The question is which ones should I cut ? 
I will pay someone a decent chunk of change if they would finish the rest of this eschool for me , hmu 
So who thinks Silvas about to get his ass beat tonight ? 
whos trying to go to Bdubs to watch this < PROPFEMALE > fight ? 
wow , that < PROPFEMALE > fight was crazy , first round KO bitches , Kicked IN THE FACE ! 
My facebook Just traveled backwards in time , so apparently facebook is a timemachine , man the harpoons gentlemen . 
about to go to the gym and get my biceps and triceps big , upper body yesterday was intense , 225 is the new rep weight lol , I don't even know my < PROPMALE > 
it feels like my biceps are about to burst open , thats a good sign I just did some serious sets 
I support Green Bay even though I don't really give a fuck lol 
Went beast at the gym , now I'm about to grab some grub , hmu 
lol , zinc toxicity maybe ? Idk 
Replaced the ignition switch in the < PROPFEMALE > , all I can really say is this , Fuck you to Germany , way to make a 45 minute repair into a 3 hour ordeal 
New phone , text me your name so I can add ya to my contacts 416-5462 
eagle was pretty sick , But bros @ taco is awesome 
Everybody needs to just chill and have a happy vallentines day , Its coo I still love yall lol 
going to the gym , about to hit biceps , triceps , delts , and traps , hmu later 
new phone , text me with your name ( 416-5462 ) 
I'm going to the mall , anybody want to come ? 
every damned time I try to peel a Bananna I end up ripping it in half =( 
Fourth street live is dope , So is down town louisville in general , We need to start chilling there more often . 
About to hit my upper body like a monster , another 3 hour gym day lol , hmu , and leave me love 
who ever doesent already have my new number ( 416-5462 ) should hit me up with their name in a text so I can add you to my contacts 
whos tryin to play lazer tag with me < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , And zach 
So , I can chug a can in a little less than 4 seconds , what does this mean ? 
i'm so bored right now , i think this must be some sort of punishment ? 
well , I just put a screw through my finger , Feels good man 
I'm hungry , so I have decided to throw a deep fryer party , bring random stuff to deep fry because its going down , don't be no bitch , hit me up if your down 
how many < PROPFIRST > earnhardt's does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 
is blowing 400 $ on a 1500W RMS amp a stupid idea , I am trying to decide 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If you're not scared , post this as your status . 
Just blew 323 bucks on a kicker zx1000 , my shits about to be stupid loud 
I feel like life is about to get better , I don't know why , I just have this feeling , it could just be the nice weather playing with my mind , but lets just hope that I'm wrong , life could use a little positive change 
who's trying to save the world with me tonight ? 
in buchs actin a damn fool , Lol hes watching me post this 
I need to make some cash ... anybody got any schemes ? 
bay doors drop , parking lot .... U Jelly middle east ? \ 
No your about a 6 inch layer of glass ... 
just got home , church tomorrow , then its dollar time 
So I just got saved , how about that 
Go listen to Born of Osiris's new album now ! it is sofa < PROPMALE > dope .... 
just sitting here enjoying the first thunderstorm of spring , today has been pretty good , I got an awesome workout in , and now I'm feeling content just chillin , hmu 
So I've decided that I'm officially over with being single , sooooo ... hit me up ladies 
I just pulled a 3 1/2 inch nail out of my tire , it was bent at a 90 degree angle ... that doesn't sound like I ran over it does it ? 
I'm bored who wants to chill today , hmu ( 502 ) 416-5462 
I'm done with being single , but I honestly have no clue where to begin lol , so hmu ladies ? 
her Kung-FU was strong , but my Shaq-FU was stronger ! 
Lol , me and < PROPFIRST > L got kicked out of < PROPMALE > mall over some stupid shit , I came so close to beating the shit out of mall security lmao , they needed 3 mall security plus the sheriff to get me to leave , bitches 
So I have 2 days to complete this senior writing portfolio ... seriously ... what the fuck ? 
ok , so no joke tomorrow is all business , turning my pieces in and then hitting the bench press like a beast , so I will be busy all day likely 
is Loading ???????????? 99% 
eating a bowl of milk-less cereal in the nude , thats how I like to relax after 3 hours at the gym 
headed to chill with my niggas\ 
< PROPFIRST > L And < PROPFIRST > Wieger 
throwing a little < PROPFEMALE > dig tonight , pong , food , good times , hit me up 416-5462 
Dude call my shit 
crazy 
can't find my phone ? 
phones broke , thank god I bought a protection plan 
my phone is broken , so I can only be reached via facebook messages or IM until tomorrow 
I like turtles 
