Jalapeno poppers make it all worth it ! 

I <3 < PROPFEMALE > ! Oh Twilight < PROPFEMALE > , how many hours of my life shall you take ? 
Cooler went out ... someone help me 
My new lead pooped out !!! Goodbye two days off :( 
< PROPMALE>'s dogs got loose and I had to bail them out of doggy jail ... $200 the day after payday . If I didn't love them I would make myself a new coat and handbag , Cruela style ! 
How can I still be entertained by watching cops ? 
Going to work ... someone save me 
Got the house to myself ... almost forgot how nice it is . Gonna go crank the music and make chocolate pudding ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to check out Native American < PROPMALE > . Woo 
Saw some crazy stuff today - larger than life scary , I mean SCARY , bronze Jesus statue - artwork I could do in a couple of days selling for thousands - jewelry that I sell for 25-50 going for 190-250 - crazy ! Lost five dollars at an indian casino . Sitting in the hotel lobby checking on my netflicks and my facebook at 1:45 in the morning . No wonder the security guard just asked me if I'm ok ! 
Went to the Coconino County Fair today . Ate a gigantic philly chees steak and drank way too much lemonade and root beer ! Also invested in a holographic skull and crossbones license plate ! I love long weekends :D 
My knee went out for the first time in many years :( Had to get a brace 
Yesterday I ate veggie fajitas and today I went hiking ... I'm turning into < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
It's electrical wiring class day ! Today the electrical theory pertaining to parallel circuits ! God I love math !!! 
So I finally checked all my requests ... I'm still escared to find out how well I know < PROPFEMALE > ... She'll hit me if I score too low ! 
I love doing absolutely nothing on saturday 
I don't want to go back to work ... 
I'm sick and I totally have a case of the mondays 
I can't stop sneezing ... the dog won't come near me , I'm freaking her out ! 
Still sniffly but I'm going back to work - hooray ! 
Why am I still sick ? 
I can't sleep so what do I do ? Burn cds and rekindle my love of Radiohead . Will be dead manana , but totally worth it ! I do it to myself ! 
< PROPFEMALE > got skunked when I let her out to pee @ 4am - she propbably thought it was a cat and tried to lick it ! 
It's crazy < PROPFEMALE > here 
Off to T-U-B and A , Tuba City Yataheh ! 
Ok , enought quizzes ... for now ! 
I , < PROPFEMALE > D < PROPFIRST > , owe < PROPFEMALE > Raykovitz a public apology - I was wrong about blueberries . They are awesome . They are not nasty . You & < PROPMALE > were right . I am deeply sorry for slandering a decent fruit . :P Beer & pancakes still suck , don't expect a retrastion on those ! 
Still being sick sucks . Was looking forward to seeing my TX people :( 
Still sick ... now my right lung is weezing . Going back to clinic tomorrow . Blah 
So I got pneumonia - hooray ! Anyone wanna start making bets as to how long I'll be inferm ? 
I can't stop watching Forensic Files - I am also now convinced that one of you is going to bludgeon me . It might take while , but they will catch you ! 
I've decided I'm going zombie this year ( for Halloween , smart-asses ! ) - any idea's on what ? Zombie nurse , zombie travel agent , zombie herpetologist ? I can't think of anything really good . 
Off to find zombie clothes/inspiration at the second hand store 
It's cold ! 
I'm looking forward to buying discount < PROPFEMALE > and decor ! 
I stay up way too late - it's all your fault internet ! 
It just occured to me that since the last name Bacon exists , this means that there must be at least one Officer Bacon out there ... maybe even a Captain ! 
Off to the vet - my ferret has an ear infection :( 
The ferret needs to have a growth removed from her ear and a biopsy :( 
Ferret Update : She had her surgery and is doing very well , though there is much protest to not getting food till tomorrow . Now her ear lump is in a lab somewhere . 
is excited to start holiday cooking ! Cookies & pies are fun <3 
So the results for miss Boo ( the ferret ) came in . An ear wax gland became cancerous - so hopefully they lasered it all out :( 
It is done - Pumpkin , Sweet Potato , Pecan , Chocolate Pecan , Apple & < PROPFEMALE > , I rule you ! I'm coming for you tomorrow , yeast rolls . 
Please don't make me go shopping 
Snow day !!! 
Took the final in my electric class - I think I did great , considering I never read chapters 3 , 4 , or 5 ! Maybe next semester ;P 
Wrapping presents ... didn't know how much I bought till the work started ! 
Company christmas party tomorrow . Gonna get my teppanyaki & sake on - Woo ! 
Chrismas tamales are the best ! 
totally flushed her phone down the toilet 
I'm in TX ! 
Soco and vodka ... glad I don't work till noon ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
Woke up at 5am , worked till 1pm , ate bad-ass Chinese buffet , & now it is time for the napping ! 
I'm home - there's nothing like your own bed - I go sleep now ! 
Hello weekend ! I think I'm going to try my hand at chocolate ganache manana :) 
is packing her crap ... man , there's alot ! 
Going to dismantle the computer now ... goodbye internet . See you next week 
Is ready for her two days off 
My cat knocked my glasses out of a hole in the screen . < PROPFIRST > had to go outside and get them out of the gutter ... thank god the neighbours stairs go near enough to reach ! Now to skin the cat :) 
A 
A woman just bought her and her eight year old daughter matching playboy earrings ... wtf ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is dead 
Is sitting in the stock room eating leftover goulash . 
Just sold the cutest little old couple a strobe light to keep the squirrels out of their attic 
Trying Absinthe for the first time ... aparently they legalized it ! 
I made my first apprehension !! Woo !! Don't steal from Spencers or < PROPFEMALE>'s all up in your face yo ;) 
Went to see the Nightmare remake with the < PROPMALE>'s bunch ... what happened to film-makers imagination ? 
Is at < PROPFEMALE > Jones with my dad 
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there 
Is at the dmv ... why does it take so long here ? 
No one is stealing today . That's a good and bad thing , I want to catch someone ! 
Laundry day is a stupid day 
Just 2 hours to freedom 
I'm doing an inventory , been here for an hour and a half ... someone help me ! 
I've been up since 1am and am fairly certain my brain is going to leak out of my ears causing my skull to collapse 
So hot and oppressive outside 
We got a duo ! A crappy < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > who just couldn't live without a rasta necklace ... they took them away in cuffs ! Me and < PROPMALE > are splitting the credit so I'm up to two . 
I forgot my name tag , so today I'm < PROPMALE > 
I got another one ! I rock , who knew loss prevention was my calling ? That's three apprehensions ;) 
Had to thumb-tack the curtains to the wall so the kitteh would stop smacking into the window while I'm sleeping . Damn those cute , tasty looking birds . 
Had my root canal worked on by a real dentist office . I don't know who < PROPFEMALE > Quim is , but I have her vicodin ;) 
I've seen two different 7-8 year old girls riding in strollers in the last hour . Wtf Hurst ? 
I'm at work and the right side of my face is throbbing from my visit to the dentist yesterday . Root canals can kiss my ass . Seven more hours till I'm home with the good pain pills :( 
Is makin meatloaf for dinner 
Old Friends + Grey Goose = Good Times 
My ex is working for my mom , which means he can afford a phone , which means he must pester me >:( 
Is it laundry day again already ? Off to battle old ladies for the good driers ! 
My AC isn't C-ing properly . I hope the maintenance man has it fixed by the time I get home ! 
Is having one of those where the f@#$ did I put my shoes mornings 
Is just now cooking dinner - damn you internet and your distracting ways ! 
I fell asleep on my bracelets at lunch and woke up five < PROPFEMALE > after I should've clocked back in w/lines on my forehead . Awesome . 
Got my temp crown . This one is going to hurt , I can tell already . Everyone prepare yourselves for cranky < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Downside of working at Spencers - sometimes you think \Man I hope that's her dad helping her pick out lingerie \"" 
For some reason I really want a Taco < PROPFEMALE > taco . It's been like a month since I've eaten there , but now I've got the taco shakes - I swear they put time delayed crack in that zebra meat . 
... and sometimes you have to say \please don't attempt to open and sample the flavored lube \"" 
Working at the Grapevine store - let's see if I can't destroy more good luck ... jk Jenn ;) 
I made it ! Woke up at 5 , did an inventory in Ft Worth , caught another shoplifter at that store when they opened and hunted without success at the < PROPMALE > store . All in all a good day , but two different apprehensions at two different stores that aren't mine in the same day would have been sweet ! Now I'm going to nap till it's wine and True Blood time ;) 
Truck day would be the bane of my existence if it weren't for the one little box of new jewelry ! We got ear cuffs and ear vines . It's the 90's again ! Woo !! 
Sleeping till 3 is awesome . 
Meow . Prr . Ftt ftt . 
Sunday off ... I think its Chipotle time ! 
Netflicks < PROPMALE > local favorites #1 - < PROPFIRST > and Silent < PROPMALE > Strike Back ... really ? 
It is icky outside . When is one of us going to hit the jackpot so I can be air conditioned at all times ? 
Car alarms and screaming children . Even my smoke break is hectic . 
I want tamales . Delivery would be appreciated . 
My Dad fractured his ankle , so now I'm a care giver . This goes against my nature :P 
I need a nap 
Doing laundry . I am a giant ball of hate and disdain . 
Can't sleep . I have to be at work in six and a half hours and all I can do is stare at the ceiling . I'm going to be tired and goofy tomorrow ! 
People are so frickin weirdness 
Double apprehension ! One more today and it'll be a loss prevention hat trick ! 
My power is out . Stupid little storm ! Guess I'll do the dishes with headphones ;) 
Ugh , ready to go home and its not even lunch time . 
Woke up to random dining room leak and they left the gigantic shop vac . Kinda want to make a mess , just to have an excuse to use it ! 
Plumbers woke me up ... mystery leak is identified . They will be back on Friday to rip open my wall and floor . This sucks ducks 
The big washer wouldn't start till I started kicking it while filling out the complaint slip . Violence just solved my problem , your move universe ! 
Is falling asleep in the chair waiting for the dentist to check my crown 
Need coffee or death is imminent 
My dining room floor is torn up and the plumbers will be back on Monday to rip up my kitchen , so hooray for removing everything so they can take out the cabinets ! Hopefully I get new ones :) Now to clean the fine layer of dust that is covering EVERYTHING downstairs , joy ! 
My moms takes forever to do her hair ! I'm just waiting ... 
My mom's going home and she's taking < PROPFEMALE > :'( My puppy is gone till October 
Yesterday I see a jeep engulfed in flames , today I see an elderly man vigorously adjusting himself . WTF kind of horrific thing will I see next ? 
Wtf is up with random strangers thinking I'm gonna give them discounts or let them trade their old used shit cause I look \cool\ " ? I don't know you ! You want new sunglasses ? Frikin buy them !!! " 
I am sooo exhausted . < PROPMALE > & Co have a lot of stuff !! 
Just sold < PROPFEMALE > nipple tassles to a woman in her 70's . She's pinning them to her shirt for lunch with the ladies ... she was frikin awesome ! 
It's all < PROPFEMALE > outside ... this is only making me more sleepy . Three hours till freedom . 
I'm on the plane to DC , now to wait for takeoff ... 
Is about to go to sleep on < PROPFEMALE>'s couch . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
My mom just tried to use her cell phone to illuminate a dimly lit road ... while driving ... I may not survive this trip . 
Is on an endless tour in the wrong shoes . 
Is relaxing at a giant fountain where they let you put your feet in the water . It's the best thing ever ! Now to find Chinatown for some grub . 
Is on the train to NY ! There was a pidgeon in the station ... cute !! 
At the Hard Rock in NY . On the walk here from the bus some business woman molested my hand with her ass ... it was weirdness and now I'm ascared of ladies in skirt suits . 
Is at the US open ... how did I get talked into this ? Women's semi-finals and tomorrow the finals . 
On the train , next the plane , should be home tonight ! I can't wait ! 
There's a Chipotle in the DC airport ! If I didn't HAVE to try Five Guys , I would be all over that !! 
Got to work three minutes early and actually ate breakfast , its a post-vacation miracle ! 
Can't wait for 5:30 ! 
Why is it that court clerks are either really sweet or pure evil ? Sorry I exist lady ! 
Was reminded how naive I can be ... some pervert called the store and got me to say \dick towel\ " four or five times before I caught on ... frickin perverts ! " 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > buzz and thinkin I need to < PROPMALE > , but first there's the matter of the left over nachos . 
The guy on the liquidation channel is ridiculously fantastically awful , how have I not discovered him yet ? I really need to go to bed ... 
Back at work when I really need to be at home purifying springs , fighting bosses and searching for heart pieces ! 
My apt may smell like plastic hell , but I have flooring ! Ordeal overish , all that's left is to talk with management about the over-a-month long process - and to bitch about the fact that the kitchen and dining room are now three shades lighter than the bathrooms ! Anal retentive fury !! 
Is tired and destroying a poop-ton of tounge barbells . Can't wait to go home , today is one of those take a nap on the couch after work kinda days ! 
I have the next two days off ! Zelda-fest here I come ! 
This weird Australianish dude came in drunk and/or high and asked where the strip clubs were . He stared at the tatas the whole time . I sent him to < PROPFIRST > . 
Found my last pair of contacts ! Woo !!! Glasses free for a couple of weeks will be nice , they have been driving me crazy as of late :D 
I got my dog back !! Now I'm off to the fair with the mom :) 
Eating mint chocolate chip and watchin < PROPFEMALE>'s movie macabre - all and all not a bad way to end the week ! 
At I fratelli buffet , next its shopping ! 
Is at Esparza's in Grapevine ... its < PROPFEMALE > time ;) 
There is a guy intentionally shooting lasers in his newborns eyes to keep her awake ... when I gave him the look he told me its all right cause she is his space baby and he is simply opening her third eye ... 
Really , really should go to bed . Looks like tomorrow is gonna be one of those coffee-or-die situations . 
My pumpkin is slowly imploding !! Sadness ... 
Just cut the crap outta myself by shattering a glass in my hand whilst washing it . Didn't know my own strength ... < PROPFEMALE > smash !! 
Too tired to anything 
Just saw a guy that looks like < PROPFEMALE > getting his beard curled at a kiosk ... those guys are really good at high pressure sales ! 
Is abusing Emergen-C to stave off infection ... I hate getting sick . 
It's Pie-Wednesday !! And here I am , all out of evaporated milk ... off to the grocery to fight the masses :) 
Happy Native Oppression Day !!! 
I got no power ! How am I supposed to sleep w/out a fan ?!?!! 
Black Friday doom !! AHHHGH !! help me ... 
Night of the Living Dead is playing on < PROPFEMALE>'s Movie Macabre ! Joy :D 
Is at work , dog tired and draggin ass ! I was up till 7am moving my dad out of his apt ... he now lives on my couch ... sadness 
Is sick and intends to sleep all day and consume massive quantities of cough syrup . 
Love it when Hurst sends a hot cop for an apprehension !! 
Why the hell did I wait till now to buy < PROPFEMALE > at Walmart ?!? I will die in this line ! 
I hate having to drive home in the rain ! I can't see the lines , I get all sleepy , its bad news . And no , I'm not posting while driving , I'm home . Just too lazy to go upstairs and fire up the computer . 
Just made it home from Pockets ... I had a blast , even though they made me do the karaoke ! 
Work , then the mad chaos that will be the liquor store ... too bad my friends and I don't plan ahead ! 
Facebook is insisting I live in Illinois , it's time to go to bed ! And I've kinda been awake for almost 24 hours ... 
Inventory is done !! 
Should go to sleep , but I'm stupid and stuck on youtube . It will be a grumpy brunch tomorrow ;) 
Shopping with the mom :) 
Need sleep , but coffee will do 
If the dog stinks , wash it . Then < PROPMALE > it around with towels , growling like a monster ! 
The chick in the bank mixed up the deposits & couldn't tell if I was from payless or Spencers ... really ? 
I HATE self reviews !!! BSing is not an effective use of my time on the clock :( 
Today I had a milk shake for lunch and now I'm going to take a nap in my recliner to the ambiance of wheel of fortune ... I'm a combination of a 6 year-old and a 60 year-old . 
The guy next to me at the bank is about to kill me with his exhaust ! 
According to all the closed stores around me , I am one of the most responsible managers in the mall ... except for the fbing . Enjoy your snow day , you lucky bastards ! 
Northeast mall is DEAD . Yet here I am ... 
I made it home !! Now for some real old fashioned stove top hot chocolate :D 
COLD !!!! 
Five Guys is now open by the mall !! Hooray <3 
The police just bust in on me while I was sneaking a cupcake from the break area at work ! They were looking for a shoplifter who was already escorted out , but I felt strangely guilty ... 
I was lamenting about not having any smokes and this random customer gave me 3 newports ! Sometimes people really rock !!! 
Sunday off = laziness . And maybe enchiladas . 
Doing laundry , then my responsible obligations are done for the day ! 
Will die in traffic one day . Cause of death ? Heart attack . 
Less than five hours of sleep and off to work , hooray . Love it when other peoples bad decisions f my day before it really begins . Grrr 
I have accepted my fate ... sleep is for the weak !! 
Bout to head off to Aldi and get my savings on ! 
Finished Spartacus - awesome show ! 
Some 19 year old f-ed up on something just tried to get < PROPFIRST > and I to go to their apt . Children are so funny ! 
Oh Monday , how you mock me 
Attn : Lady who grabs my arm every time I show her a product she wants ... Stop it !! Ur creeping me out !!! 
Work , then I'm partying my butt off ! Won't stop till I'm 28 ;) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Spent my day with my gma , we ate lunch and saw Rango . Pretty good movie . Now I'm off to eat my bday burrito < PROPFEMALE > Chipotle ! 
What is up with teenage boys always hitting on me ? Where are the men ?!? 
Dear gravel truck driver on 183 , \ 
Not since I last drove a uhaul have I seen a driver handle a large vehicle with such finesse and testicular fortitude on the highway . You are a badass . May you have many children and teach them the ways of proper exceleration . \ 
Luv , Renee\ 
Ps . The way you refused to let that truck side swipe you rocked my socks ! 
I am so taking a nap when I get home ! Just four more hours till I can leave the party . 
Is having a blast at work , even though I ate too much gengis grill ! 
One week till I move back to AZ . Let the stress begin !! 
There should be an internet addict service that cuts it off at a certain point . I don't have the will power to make the responsible decision on my own ! 
Some dumb chick in her twenties \How much is 25% off $20 ? \ " \ 
I'm going through my bathroom cabinets and wondering why I have some of this crap ! So far I've found dried up mud mask , murky dirty girl bubble bath and a < PROPMALE > stash of hotel toiletries ... I even took the shower cap ... 
Getting ready to go in for my last day :'( 
Today/yesterday was awesome !!! I got hugs and pressies and dinner and alcohol and more hugs ! I feel <3 ed - thanks guys , I will miss all of you :) 
Got the uhaul ... watch out people !!!! 
My allergies are out of control . The universe is trying to kill me . 
< PROPFEMALE > Madness !!!!!!! 
Buzzzzzzz !!! 
It's serious time ! Lmfao 
On my way . AZ here I come ! 
How come every time i roll through Witchita Falls , the entire police force is eating at Subway in Loves ? 
Found a pit named Twitch ! His owners won't answer their phone though ... 
Stripping and waxing floors ... fun fun fun fun . 
Had a weird dream I was delivering pizzas . Now I want pizza 
Just got home from work . I can see the milky way and it looks like the sun will rise soon . My pants and socks are waxed to my skin . I am delirious with exhaustion , but having a real weekend will make up for it ! 
So no real weekend off due to office people not understanding how hard real work is ... 
:( yet :) ... liquor is a hell of a drug !! 
Nothing like waking up on a strange couch . 
Am crashing . Note to self : this is hard work , a chicken nuggets happy meal is not enough fuel . 
Gotta go to work , looking forward to the weekend and it's only Tuesday . My back is killing me !!! 
