everyone ... i dont ask for much ... but please pray to whatever you believe in for my friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and her fiancee chucky they had an accident on an atv and are both in pretty bad shape . 

mayhem on saturday ... totally going to get my ass kicked haha 
MAYHEM TOMORROW !!! =oD 
MAYHEM WAS EPIC TO THE MOST EXTREME OF LEVELS !!! =o ) 
cedar point best place ever huh ? fuck cedar point ! 
something something darkside ... something something complete !!! 
woah dude a new shrek movie comes out in may !!! =o ) 
One more night of work then 5 days off :) 
1 1 11 is todays date ... semi spooky =o / 
did you say hey blinkin or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
ugh snow ... this sucks 
Epic Fail !!! 
why do i feel so bitter all the time now ... ugh 
ya know its weird how good of a mood i'm in today ... i mean i had 4 hours of sleep and have to work today and for no particular reason at all i'm ... happy and excited . i played guitar for 3.5 hours today and enjoyed every minute of it ... maybe things are finally going to start lookin up :) 
is going to a concert tomorrow !!! in the words of the kool aid man i can only say ... OHHH YEAH 
bed , wakeup , food , lost , and then lost planet ... its going to be a good day 
i iz < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! =o ) 
2 days off !!! hells yes 
your the most gracious of hosts , i may be invited , girl , but i'm not coming in 
mmm ... i love me some papa johns 
O_o woah dude 
bored and at home ... anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
just got the original perfect dark on xbox 360 ... KICK ASS !!! 
in life even if we don't know what'll happen we have to keep our dreams alive so we can have something to look forward to . 
i know how you feel my friend haha 
hmm < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > announced he's gay ... who didn't already guess that haha 
Happy easter everyone spread the joy to others around you :) 
ahh 70 degree weather with a slight breeze if this is as close as we`ll get to heaven on earth =o ) 
my lifelong goal is to be like < PROPFIRST > sweet ... i plan to accomplish this starting by lobbing mini snickers at todlers oh this should be fun haha 
So i'm not sure how i feel about coheed's new cd hmm 
is strangely in a great mood for no particular reason at all =oD 
thanks to my mom i now think i have a great goal in life and plan for the future =o ) thx momma . 
ah i love getting woke up mid day by screaming children ... joy ... ya should probably reconsider ever being a parent 
i can still remember the words and what they've meant as we etched them our fingers in years of wet cement 
Finally beat god of war three :) 
Thank god for i pod's and its many user gym partner cart pushing assistant and its magnificant ability to drown out a loud baby crying oh i love you i pod 
^-^ 
Hello world very brisk morning outside eh ? 
Oh left foot why do you have to be a d bag and hurt non stop for the last week 
spending the day with < PROPFIRST > and the other homies before his big move 
So i just got insulted by the waitress at the < PROPFEMALE > buffet seriously ... it was epic ... I died a little on the inside 
my phone is shot . if i don't answer your calls or texts i'm sorry i may or may not be able to see it for a bit . msg me on here if u need me 
env3 can burn in hell !!! my phone is screwed again ... you'll have to get ahold of me in person , xbox , or through here to get in touch with me if you need me for anything . 
Wonder what kind of adventure life will take me through next hmm ?? 
i wanna fly to < PROPFIRST > and they from there to LA come on plane crash i wanna be on the island =o ) 
We've waited far too long to , watch it all crash and fall through , So when you feel like shit you've gotta keep on pushin , 
are those sad tissues ... or happy tissues ? lol 
thinking i should probably refrain from buying any new pants from wal-mart ... 
Had an amazing day ! < PROPFEMALE > my dear you are the best :) 
Its been a great weekend so far lets see how awesome today turns out to be 
Ugh not drinking again for quite a while thanks for birthday wishes everyone 
I'm almost at 30 Hours straight without sleep yayz 
if you are looking at my status right now i want you to know something very important ... you just lost the game haha 
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one other person . 
Ugh such a headache ... I hate how bad my allergies are ... So annoying 
do you know what its like to be your own worst enemy ? 
Half way through my 8 day marathon at work ugh tonight and three more nights then two days off 
when life gives you lemons say f those lemons and FIND A NEW GOD !!! 
dear sore throat you are not welcome ... please go away and never return ... If you pass go do not collect $200 
you ever have those days where nothing special happens at all but yet you are in an abnormally good mood ? Well thats me today ... woop woop :) 
Oh my belly so full can't eat another bite :) 
im going to have myself a sexy party ! ooh < PROPFEMALE > =o ) lol 
Give me all your lovin ... All your hugs and kisses too :) 
Day 8 of work in a row ... such relief two days off starting tomorrow :) 
just signed up for netflix =o ) 
Insomnia you are a douche bag ... That is all 
Two o clock ... Seriously ... ugh insomnia is kicking my ass old school like right now 
Playing pool at brewskies with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ... Good times :) 
Heading < PROPMALE > c bus to get poked by needles woot ! 
SHUN THE NON BELIEVERS !!!! 
Oh mr bucket you're the one you make suicide lots of fun please mr bucket let me stick my head in you hahaha :) 
got off work today and walked outside to find my truck seran wrapped and\ 
the windows all covered with window chalk lol 
Ah god this migraine is kicking my ass :( 
Feels like a new man migraine you can screw yourself 
Yeah so air conditioner units up and down a twenty foot ladder for over an hour equals bad times haha 
Rip < PROPMALE > you were a good man :( 
9 pm lost i'm excited :) 
Massive amounts of time traveling this week omg i hate allergies 
if heaven is a place where the angels go , well then i've got a story to tell , if heaven is a place where the angels go , then i guess you're going straight to hell !!! 
anyone want to go with me to see the new shrek on friday night ? 
Welcome to my world\ 
\ 
Where everyone I ever need always ends up leaving me alone . \ 
Another lesson burned\ 
And I'm drowning in the ashes\ 
Kicking\ 
Screaming\ 
Welcome to my world 
Dear impossible game i hate you ... I see orange squares in my nightmares . you suck . sincerely with hate disgruntled gamer 
Do my babies have hooves or talons haha 
This time this place misused mistakes too long too late who was i to make you wait ... Nickelback is awesome in concert :) watching them right now 
I love going to concerts its so much fun but , i hate the traffic jam's you have to sit and wait through after its over ... sooo annoying =o / 
Going to cry tonight ... No more lost :( 
Ahh theses nothing better in life than watching a friend wash your truck because he wants to go to a concert and has no moneys haha 
Lost oh how wonderful you are i am glad you had such a great ending despite < PROPMALE > feeling otherwise . he is a weird people but i loves him like a bro anyway :) 
< PROPFIRST > grey ... you were truely a fantastic musician who had barely reached your prime ... may you rest in peace ... slipknot will never be the same now ... :( 
< PROPMALE > i would like to congratulate you on your lifetime achievement award for serving as my alarm clock ... thank you for always being consistent .. sincerely , < PROPFIRST > 
sometimes i need to remember just to breathe 
Living is easy ... When your eyes are closed :) 
If we can't live together ... Then we're going to die alone 
Lets see apparently twelve pallets of freight is only 3 hourS of work ? wtf ?? 
Out shooting with sky :) 
teenagers scare the living shit out of me they could care less as long as long as someone will bleed 
Burning on just like a match you strike to incinerate \ 
The lives of everyone you know \ 
And what's the worst you take ( worst you take)\ 
from every heart you break ( heart you break)\ 
And like the blade you stain ( blade you stain)\ 
Well I've been holding on tonight 
оооооооооооооооо Insert lyrics to an amazing song since thats my status 90% of the time anyway =o ) 
Starts vacation in less than twenty four hours ... shit yeah !!! :) 
Hurry up 7 am ... vacation is nearly here ! 
Vacation ! Shit yeah !! 
heading out the door . i will see ya'll when i return . goodbye < PROPMALE > and 20 hours from now ( estimated ) hello new york city :) 
Well long bus rides are good for one thing ... Catching up on some reading you've been meaning to do for six months haha :) 
we are in wheeling west < PROPFEMALE > still on the bus heading to new york 
Still on our way to new york . We are now in pittsburgh :) 
We are now at new york city's bus station thank god we are off this bus for two days haha 
I am chilling at times square in new york city 
New yorks pizza kicks ass :) 
About to watch green day's american idiot ... The play 
I forgot how wonderful it is to be able to sleep at night time . Last full day in nyc gotta make this day an amazing one :) 
You can do anything ya want ... Anything ... As long as you've got the guts to make it happen 
We are home ... thank god there is no more bus ! 
Why am i suddenly unable to sleep past two ? 
i <3 myshare bonus checks =o ) 
Feels as though a ton of bricks has been lifted off my shoulders . Its been a good day 
hadn't really noticed how terrible myspace is about spammers ... soooo many O.o 
When it rains it pours ... 
i'm liking this becoming a comic book guy . Its pretty awesome ... Such amazing stories :) 
Nintendo is bringing back donkey kong , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and kid icaris . This is going to be a good gaming year :) 
Just had a dream about zombies ... How about that 
i just wrote a blog about that awesome zombie dream i had please read it and comment on it :) 
Pretty much feels that disappearing for a while is a good idea . 
I'm going to steal this one from < PROPMALE > . Woot and or woot !?! 
Just finished < PROPMALE > season one . Wow that show is amazing :) 
Do not grieve , end the suffering\ 
We will live , live eternal 
Is having a cook out this evening anyone want to come ? Call or text if you're interested 528 0097 
Just so ya'll know the cook out this evening is a pitch in but it will be tons of fun :) give me a call or text if you want to come 528 0097 
oh legs why do you hate me haha 
Omg disorganization is causing so much chaos in < PROPFEMALE > brain ahh O.o 
we've all been sorry we've all been hurt but how we survive is what makes us who we are 
1 more night of shit then 2 days off ! 
I hate it when ya wake up feeling energized thinking yeah that was a great day's sleep and ya look at the clock and its been a little over an hour ... Ugh 
A little over 3 weeks to mayhem Hell yeah METAL !! 
Slept twelve hours today and woke up still feeling tired not fun . 
I'm going to sing the doom song now . Doom de doom doom doom de doom doom de doom :) 
Has a bitchin migrane ... Bad day :( 
Just spent twenty dollars on just pop tarts and so-be haha 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > god i want to take a vacation in the paradice of hawaii even if i have to suffer through conquering my dear of air travel O.o 
Hmm to call in or not to call in that is the question O.o 
Come on seven ! 
Holy shit < PROPMALE > season two is amazing O.O 
One more night ' 
One more night 
Wow < PROPMALE > is pretty amazing season two ended awesomely 
Predators further proved that < PROPMALE > rebber is topher grace 
Feeling sick as shit 
Is currently enjoying the little things in life because a baby firefly just landed on his hand :) life is beautiful . 
Twelve days and fifteen minutes until the day of metals musics is upon us ! MAYHEM !!! 
Countdown to Mayhem ... 11 days and counting !!! 
in one hour it isTen days til mayhem . despicable me is an amazing movie :) 
This is the last night you'll spend alone look me in the eyes so i know you know i'm everywhere you need me to be 
mayhem countdown 9 days until all hell breaks loose ! 
Mayhem countdown 8 days away ! 
Why is it every time i hear ten speed by coheed and cambria i think of kingdom hearts ? 
< PROPFIRST > sweet i don't feel like doing the countdown today . How many days until mayhem ? 
Five days until mayhem ! Nate loucks on a scale of one to ten how excited are you to see a little band from bakersfield named korn ? 
Four days til mayhem so again i ask nate loucks how excited are you to see a little band from bakersfield named korn 
lost in thought of what could have been and what i feel will be in store with what time i have left 
3 days to mayhem omg 
Holy crap manager just let me off work tonight ya know what that means ? 4 day weekend ! Mayhem ! 
Two days til mayhem ! 
One more day to wait then the day is here ! 
Mayhem today bitches :) 
Atreyu up next :) 
Word to the wise don't throw the sod at a concert 
You can bomb the world into pieces but you cannot bomb it into peace 
Getting drunk in bloomington with some good friends life is good :) 
Sleepy time :) 
Distraction i'm pretty sure is the only thing keeping me sane 
Ya i just watched < PROPFIRST > ck he is so funny i am tearing up a bit 
Just arrived in cincinnati at the creed and skillet concert :) its going to be a good day 
Concert as a whole was pretty good skillet was phenomenal but , creed ... Well they were probably one of the most boring bands i've ever seen live 
Just finished < PROPMALE > season three and it was really a great season also i can't wait to watch season four in time for five to start :) 
< PROPFIRST > if your life had a face i'd punch it in the balls 
I remember when all the games began remember every little lie and every last goodbye 
So i'm definately feelin like an idiot 
Ya so i just finished season 4 of < PROPMALE > and i want to cry ... Its so sad . I'm not sure how i feel about it . 
Late night come home WORK SUCKS i know 
Gamestop is coming to < PROPMALE > :) 
If i close my eyes forever will it all stay the same 
Is in desperate need of change 
the walls between you and i always are pushing us apart nothing left but scars fight after fight 
Stuck waiting for what seems to be the longest train of all time holy shit O.o all i want is sleep why do they deny me of what i need ! Bah ramble ramble 
Why is it this week i've had nothing but dreams about pennywise the clown also known as it ? 
Dole orange pineapple and banana juice with planters < PROPFEMALE > roasted nuts for lunch equals a good day :) 
How i love my two days off :) 
Back to work tonight ... Blah 
Mmm tomato soup and grilled cheese it hits the spot every time :) 
going to get poked by needles ... should be fun right ? 
I has .... BROWNIES ! SUCCESS !!! 
there are no unbeatable odds \ 
there are no unbelievable gods\ 
there are no un-namable names\ 
shall i say it again , yeah\ 
there are no impossible dreams\ 
there are no invisible seams\ 
each night when the night is through \ 
i don't ask much \ 
i just want you 
Just bought disturbed and stone sour's new albums :) its been a good day already 
What why is there a fing polar bear on the island what the hell haha very nice miss < PROPFEMALE > alka best reaction to that part i've ever heard lol 
Bull mountain don't go changin 
WTF why am i still awake O.O 
I'm guessing you are not on the bright side ? of the intelligence spectrum ... 
Ugh why did i wake up at eleven ... Again 
did we take the time to really discover how little we know about each other 
I for one hate it when i get mosquito bites on my back in just the right spot to where i can't reach it THE ULTIMATE FORM OF TORTURE ! 
Eating at the < PROPFEMALE > garden with the family :) gigity goo 
why would you leave our guidance chip at home !?! To make room for the cupcake :) 
Jesus was the original zombie 
you fake your damnation ... you pray for salvation ... because your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone ! 
off work at and home chilling :) if ya got my number feel free to text . 
so i have to say this and listen close because it could very well change your life forever ... < PROPFEMALE > nut chex mix is the shit ... that is all :) 
ugh i feel like shit ... this sucks 
So i'm startin to lose my voice ... Ugh 
Little supernovas in my head , \ 
Little soft pauses in my dead , \ 
Little souveneers and secrets shared , \ 
Little off guard and unprepared , \ 
I was never good enough to find , \ 
I was never bad enough to mind , \ 
In the middle I will do my best , \ 
Take me in your arms and leave the rest 
got some lasagna for dinner and i'm about to watch the season premise of < PROPMALE > tis a good day :) 
About to watch the exorcist with some friends :) 
Boy i'm liking the silent setting on my phone ... Haven't been woke up while trying to sleep in 3 days it is glorious :) 
Just saw that beauty and the beast is going on sale october fifth it brought the kid in me back to life ... I MUST OWN THAT MOVIE ! 
Yay for not sleeping well on nights you work =o / 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > sweet for causing me to have a headache because you have some strange obsession with air horns ... You sir are a d bag ... That is all 
i'm still tryin to figure out how to tell you i was wrong can't fill the emptiness inside since you've been gone so is it you or is it me i know i said things that i didn't mean but you should've known me by now ... you should've known me . 
why is it not october 12 yet ? BFMV ROCKS !! 
I JUST WON THE LION < PROPMALE > MOVIES ON EBAY SHIT YEAH ! lol 
I just beat metal gear twin snakes :) woot 
Thank you phone for being a pile of suck 
tuesday where are you ? you need to be here now ... 
I <3 family get togethers =oD 
How about that ... Just saw a couple on a motorcycle and the girl in the back seat was not holding on but was texting 
Late night come home work sucks i know 
BULLET TONIGHT !!!! RAWR 
Bullet is up next omg 
Omg what a show :) 
So i had another dream about zombies today completely different from last time too with the most random group of people that were with my group of survivors lol 
just got back from the dentist and found out i get to get my wisdom teeth cut out ... fun fun 
I WANT MY REPTAR BAR !!! 
So anyone in evansville by < PROPMALE > and not busy ? 
i'm on my way home from evansville oh 3 days off why do you have to end ? 
Off to get me some chinese foods :) 
ok since i'm in a good mood today i will just simply put insert happy go lucky upbeat status update here for me because i feel like --> ( ) i should be lazy :) 
ok since i'm in a good mood today i will just simply put insert happy go lucky upbeat status update here --> ( ) for me because i feel like i should be lazy :) 
Omg this sucks sleeping amazingly and then being awaken from your slumber by mother nature to say hey i'm about to ruin your day .. You now have to pee ! crap ! 
Dear insomnia you are a cold hearted bitch i hate you ... That is all thank you 
I love it when i walk into the bathroom in any public place and someone had taken a deuce and didn't bother to flush ... Grody bastards 
I love layin down watchin feel good movies :) can't get much better than this 
Am i still your charm or am i just bad luck are we getting closer or are we just getting more lost 
I just listened to tears don't fall five full times on my way back from < PROPMALE > and belted the words out every time and it didn't get old man i <3 vBFMV =o ) 
Ya so question to everyone : does anyone know cheapish recipe for jungle juice thats both tastey and powerful that can be done in a shortish timeframe 
i hate this whole not being able to sleep for more than 4 hours at a time thing thats been annoying me for the last few weeks 
omg shinedown how i love you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHZbQT1l9TA 
i am really becoming a huge fan of linkin parks minutes to midnight album its a lot better than i originally thought =o ) 
Doing my best to overcome the \sad bastard\ " persona that has been pokin around causin me shit for years SCREW YOU EMO LIKE PERSONA ! lol " 
i'm still winning my battle against the \sad bastard\ " persona i think i may finally have gotten rid of that d-bag once and for all :) " 
i'll be watching , waiting , dreadful , shaking will the storm pass over us today ? will the lightning strike our sins away ? watching , waiting , falling , shaking will the storm pass over us today ? or is the future looking grey ? ( atreyu - storm to pass ) 
insert a thought provoking status update here 
got to clean out ol < PROPFEMALE > and make her all pretty again :) 
i will humor this forward just for the simple reason i just don't care lol : POKE me if u ever had a crush on me . LIKE this if u think im a good friend . INBOX me if u ever wanted a relationship with me . COMMENT on this status if we had a good memory together . ( Now lets see who's brave enough to copy & paste this 
Spent 4 hours today cleaning his truck only to find out its supposed to rain Ugh 
Working on making chocolate and strawberry delight for work's thanksgiving pitch in tonight :) 
i ? am number one 2 is not ? a winner and 3 nobody remembers 
out on a country cruise with < PROPMALE > hatton watching the sun come up :) 
< PROPFIRST > 29 why are you not here yet ? 
ok correction why is < PROPFIRST > 30 not here yet ? 
i'm growing so distant nothing makes sense to me anymore i'm learning to resist becoming more than you ever were . can't explain whats come over me can't explain why its so hard for me ... so hard to see your side 
you keep talkin but we both know its not true i still know that your wrong and no matter what we both have to go through i just can't i can't hold on 
sooo ya no more mtn dew before bed ... weird ass dreams that caused me to wake up wide awake after only 2 hours of sleep ... crazy shit though ... 
Flu i have nothin nice to say about you . Please just go away and leave me in peace\\nShrek O.o 
Is going to attempt to eat some jello\\nShrek O.o 
No matter how many times i hear it tears don't fall never gets old bullet is just simply put amazing :) \\nShrek O.o 
just time traveled again ... i'm over the cold ass weather fluxuating to warm and back to cold ... old man winer you sir , are an ass hole 
Omg so much bird poop ... Never seen so much bird poo in all my life the real crapper is i just got the truck washed last week haha 
The big c is such an amazing show definately cried a little watching the finale\\nShrek O.o 
i hope everyone has a wonderful thanksgiving eat lots of yummy food for your belly and have fun while doing it :) \\nShrek O.o 
Ya < PROPFIRST > vick is a good football player so good in fact i think he's in negotiations to be the next spokes person for petsmart\\nShrek O.o 
why do i suddenly have the urge to break something ? 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else▓s status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
we've all been sorry we've all been hurt ... but how we survive is what makes us who we are 
Why does society get on my nerves ? Ok i'll answer that ... < PROPFIRST > beiber trading cards exist thats almost worse than twilight ... 
these nosebleeds are seriosly getting old 
I wonder what started my strange love for penguins ... if i could own a penguin by god i would ! 
Season five of < PROPMALE > you are some sort of amazing 
never put off til tomorrow\\n\\nanything\\n\\nyou can put off completely\\nShrek 
Curse you third shift \\nShrek 
i want to defeat the evil christmas wizard with my < PROPFEMALE > cane nunchucks then summon the christmas pteridactol to help me with the task at hand ! 
the meaning of christmas is season 1 of lost on dvd ... thank you lost ( abed from community 
< PROPMALE > you are awesome please hurry with season sIx ! 
so < PROPFIRST > what are you doing at 6:00 am on your day off ? i'm sittin at home drinkin a beer watching happy feet :) lol 
I'm probably going to let my beard grow out for winter burr\\nShrek 
lost my phone so if you try to contact me you won't reach me until i get a new phone facebook , myspace , or xbox live will the the only ways to get ahold of me . 
verizon called the house today and said someone turned in my phone ! yay so i have a phone again feel free to text whenever 
i was looking back on my life and all the things i've done to me i'm still looking for the answers i'm still searching for the key 
no matter what you do i'm here for you ... 
apparently high school doesnt end when you graduate ... some people need to grow up and take responsibility for their actions 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :) 
rip the rev you've been gone for a whole year now =o ( 
PLEASE put this as your status if YOU ARE A GEEK ! and you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people AREN'T GEEKS and won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are GEEKS and will re-post . 
goodbye 2010 you will not be missed ... you pretty much sucked and 2011 i have high hopes for you i hope your better than predecessor 
getting all 4 wisdom teeth cut out this morning and i'm not looking forward to it :( 
good god man ... my mouth is still bleeding ... only its not as bad as yesterday but still 
and i can always find her , at the bottom of a plastic cup drowning in drunk sincerity a sad and lonely girl 
snow your only good once a year we don't want you anymore go away 
Eating chocolate fudge while drinking chocolate milk sounds healthy right ? Haha 
loving the new rise against song :) HELP IS ON THE WAY !!! 
ugh i hate valentines day such a downer 
march 15 , 2011 is when the new rise against cd comes out ! i'm definately getting it on that day :) 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you've lost 
good morning facebook how are my people today ? 
in the car i just can't wait to pick you up on our very first date . is it cool if i hold your hand ? is it wrong that i think its lame to dance ? do you like my stupid hair ? would you guess i didn't know what to wear ? i'm too scared of what you think you make me nervous so i really can't eat don't go , dont wait , this night's almost over . honest , lets make this night last forever 
come on pittsburgh lets kick some new york ass ! 
hell yes ! go pittsburgh 
I wonder if < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are going to have a wedding cake or a big wedding pie\\nShrek 
Ugh i feel like poop :( hopefully i feel better by the weekend 
my mind is tore ... playing madden 2011 listening to crazy train on the tv and then my itunes pops up with mr. crowley and holy crap my mind goes nuts too much awesome for one short time frame ! lol 
i <3 supernatural :) 
damnit volgin that is why we can't have nice things you're always breaking shit with your electricity blasts ... you should probably take some anger management courses 
heading to evansville here shortly to see < PROPFIRST > , krissi , and < PROPFEMALE > and ... AVENGED SEVENFOLD , STONE SOUR , AND HOLLYWOOD UNDEAD =oD 
dear \the boss\ " you are officially an ass hole ... sincerely disgruntled metal gear player " 
Man it is hella cold in my house . Old man winter you are a jerk and need to go away 
Found out i'm off superbowl sunday :) go Steelers \\nShrek 
Getting twelve hundred back on taxes :) 
I want all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
drunk by 8 ... come On Steelers Your Better Than That ... 
My team lost :( 
come on let the roast begin my team lost give me shit if your going to\\nShrek 
starting metal gear solid 4 ... lets see if this game lives up to the hype 
Well in about twenty seven hours i put in enough game time to beat metal gear solid 4 and oh my god it was one of the best games ever created 
yay 3 weeks and 2 days without a soda pop =o ) i'm on a roll 
Well this is my official goodbye to my manager < PROPFEMALE > she's going to < PROPMALE > ... Douchebag :) 
Oh Peyton Manning you really are a greedy bastard aren't you ... do you really need 23 million dollars to play football for a year ? 
To everyone out there never buy an env 3 phone they suck ... Terrible Phones ! 
i has droid x :) 
i want to sparta kick something ... why you might ask my response is simply it sounds like fun :) 
Getting nom nomz then getting sleepz yay ^_^ 
Ugh what a crappy weekend :( 
who all owns an xbox 360 and has live ? if so whats your tag ? 
Just bought bulletstorm :) therefore i has gears 3 beta 
Things are finally looking up :) 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > vanhoosier and samanrha small for the birth of their baby boy < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
brick why do you have a hand grenade ? 
i love < PROPFEMALE > twin 
Back to wok tonight for a seven day stretch ... :/\ \n 
when i start plotting my days off why is it all all i can hear is the imperial march playing in the back of my mind ??? 
Avalanche tour here i come :) 
so a cobra is loose at the bronx zoo ... good times right 
just joined anytime fitness 
Ugh i feel like shit 
Has lost 7 lbs :) 
8/ at work 
Gears of war 3 beta omg ! 
You are the antidote that gets me ny something strong like a drug that gets me high 
Curse typos ! 
oh mortal kombat 9 you are amazing ... even your online play is amazing :) you really are the perfect mk game 
Im looking to the sky to save me lookin for a sign of life lookin for somethin to help me burn out bright :-) 
When you are feeling down or sad just remember once upon a time you were the fastest out of 300,000,000 sperm . Be proud :) lol 
I will give you anything to say you want to stay you want me too . Say you'll never die you'll always haunt me i want to know i belong to you ... say you'll haunt me . 
spent 103 $ on gas today .... WTF 
Just sitting at a stop light and i see a kid in parked car at papa johns picking his nose ... groovy lol\\nShrek 
We are what we are til the day we die or until we don't have the strength to go on 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes i've never had so many people wish me a happy birthday in one day before thank you all so much you are awesome :) 
