just took a shot by myself . cool . i'm a winner . and now drinking an appletini while < PROPFEMALE > plays wii . ha . 

new year = new beginnings . i think 2010 is gonna be rockin ' . 
2010 has started on the right foot .... or in my case , the left foot . :-) 
im a chronic profile picture changer . 
hanging out with the family then off to reading/boston til tomoorrooww !! wahooo !! =) 
fabulous weekend =) Not quite ready to deal with the bullshit that the week surely has to bring . 
wants to be in eastern mass NOW ! 
Hands down - one of the biggest assholes i have ever met in my entire lifespan . How can someone be so fucking mean ? 
dreamin bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time ;) 
its hey now here we go dj dont play nothing slow 
its like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife . 
And we talked about some old times And we drank ourselves some beers Still crazy afler all these years Oh , still crazy after all these years 
My horoscope FREAKS ME OUT because its always true !! 
and she says ooh I cant take no more her tears like diamonds on the floor 
and i dont know if i've ever been really loved by a hand thats touched me and i feel like somethings gonna give . 
No rain no rainbows 
its only 2 o'clock , but i dont care .... it's 9 o'clock somewhere ! 
exit light , enter night . take my hand we're off to never-neverland . ;-) 
i'm WICKED excited for the new < PROPMALE > potter !! ( does that constitute me as a loser ? ) 
i'm SO excited for < PROPMALE > potter so i pre-bought tickets online ... i think that makes me more of a loser . =p 
Needs to find some sort of distraction from life for a while ... 
Is going to move . Let the apartment and job search begin ! 
he wants a fight well now he's got one and he ain't seen me crazy yet .... 
Needs to find a job in the boston area PRONTO ! 
OH ! Think twice ! It's just another day for you and me in paradise . ( aka work aka hell ... stupid holiday weekend ) 
If i could get some kind of job at the aquarium that'd be BOMB ! 
you put the lime in the coconut drink them both together put the lime in the coconut then you feel better 
And I ain't got much else to lose . I'm faded , flat busted ; I've been jaded I've been dusted . I know that I've seen better days . 
Needs to find a job in boston Noooow !! 
I've been trying to get down to the heart of the matter but my will gets weak and my thoughts seem to scatter but i think it's about forgiveness , forgiveness , even if - even if - you dont love me anymore 
2 more days of work then 2 FABULOUS days off !! i cant wait !!! 
PANAMA .... panamaaaaa ... PANAMA ... Panamaaaaaaaa 
i'm irritated . UGH ! .... i got new hair though . 
6 more hours of work then shipping up to reading !! Red Sox tomorrow SO excited !! :-D 
Strange but true : Today i was driving through holyoke on my way home and was behind my old purple < PROPFIRST > !!!! i thought for sure it was wrecked but sure enough someone in holyoke ended up with it . haha 
Good luck seldom comes in pairs but bad things never walk alone . 
But theres booze in the blender and soon it will render that frozen concoction that helps me < PROPFEMALE > onn Wastin away again in margaritaville .... 
We are all fools in love . 
< PROPMALE > POTTER ! :) 
trying to decide if I should drive out east tomorrow to job hunt ... i'm afraid in the city alone not knowing where to go !! BTW < PROPMALE > potter = amazing . 
Children and fools tell the truth 
Oooh ! SICK BURN ! 
Thinking I should go with my gut feeling - but then again ... BTW only 8 more days :) 
i'm waitin on the sun to set cause yesterday aint over yet 
I'm giving up on love cause loves given up on me .... PS - it's going to be a bad day . 
3 more days and 2 more working days til 7 days at the beach . and 5 more days til 21 ! * sigh * I just need to keep myself moving these next 3 .... 
4 days til my birthday !! 21 !! and 2 days til i'm relaxing on the beach for a week ! 
Leggo my eggo ! 
Last day of work then shipping up to the beach for the week !! and lets not forget BIRTHDAYYY !! 21 !!! :D 
God only knows what i'd be withouttt youuuuu 
someone dig me a hole in the middle of nowhere so i can burrow and hide for a while ? please ? get me out of heree !! SO SICK OF IT !! 
decisions decisions ..... 
Headed to mohegan for the day ! 
is sick and tired of all the bullshit ! < PROPFEMALE > will one day bite you in the ass so hard you won't know what hit you . OTHER than that , mohegan sun is AWESOME ! 
eating salad and drinking a sex on the beach . Mmmm 
Aint it hard when you discover that He really wasnt where its at After he took from you everything he could steal . How does it feel ? How does it feel ? 
rode on the back of a < PROPMALE > tonight ... :) 
but there's booze in the blender and soon it will render that frozen concoction that helps me < PROPFEMALE > onn 
Drinking away my pissed off mood . 
i hate assholes . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
i HATE moving . but nonetheless i am . 
Look for the girl with the broken smile , ask her if she wants to stay awhile 
pissed that i lost my remote in the mist of moving shit . GRR . 
i fell into a burning ring of fire , went down down down and the flames went higher 
And < PROPMALE > i don't see , how you could evvvvvver be , anything but minee <3 SATURDAY ! AH ! SO CLOSE ! 
work til 11 tonight theennn ...... COUNTRY FEST 09 BABY !!! i'm gonna love me some < PROPMALE > chesney <3 
This years country fest topped the list of me freaking out when < PROPMALE > came out . maybe it was because i drank too much .... either way , i DID love me some < PROPMALE > chesney <3 
Dreamin bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time .... 
when will this move be over ?!?! ugh i'm so fucking exhausted :( 
On my way to hell - oh i mean work . but here is hell too , i guess hell is on earth now . GRR . 
the sun NEVER sets on a badass .... B ) 
having a drink and watching the real world <3 ( ps , maybe home isnt so bad ... while i was at work my mom folded my laundry and put it away ... SWEET DEAL ! ) 
what are you talking aboot , eh ?! 
< PROPMALE > save me i've been feeling so alone i keep waiting for you but you never come ... 
who wants to go see < PROPMALE > paisley on october 24 at mohegan sun ??? 
i havent been this excited/nervous in a while ! :) 
And sparks fly like flame to a paper Fire in his touch burnin’ me up But still I held on 
i wont hesitate no more no more it cannot wait i'm sure 
He wants a fight well now hes got one and he aint seen me crazy yet , slapped my face and he shook me like a ragdoll dont that sound like a real man , i'm gonna show him what a little girl's made of , gunpowder and lead 
giving myself a < PROPFIRST > on the back for a job VERY well done :) mission accomplished !! HOORAY ! 
i just got all the way down to my very first post on facebook and have come across some excellent memories . :) 
is going to start applying to every vet hospital in the area . 
oh yeah PS - i think its official that i've decided i'm going back to school net year for vet tech ! 
its 5:00 somewhere ? 
and back to hell i go . perhaps ill make it more than 10 minutes this time . ha . well i guess i have no choice . 
you ARE the weakest link , goodbye . 
\But these cuts I have - they need love to help them heal \"" 
Going for a walk theen updating my resume then off to find jobs :) 
gimme the beat boys and free my soul , i wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away ... wont you take me away ? 
\I look good ... i mean i look real good ... HEY EVERYONE ! COME AND SEE HOW GOOD I LOOK ! \"" 
is going to get some rad shadess ! booya !! :) 
its GORGEOUS out so i'm going for a walk ! :) 
ITS FOOTBALL SEASON ! BOOYA !! 
Go on take the money and run 
aint it a shame a shame that everytime you hear my name brought up in a casual conversation you cant think straight ... 
job hunting sucks .... especially with my dad pushing me to apply at jobs i dont want . 
so why cant you see ? you belong with me 
LOVE my new hair !! :) 
had i been alive when the beatles were around , i probably would be one of those girls who freaks out .... considering i am with < PROPMALE > chesney . haha 
< PROPFIRST > martinez <3 
Remembering 9/11 ... can't believe its already been 8 years ! Go USA ! <3 
Forget your pride buy the roses if you're sorry tell her so ... 
if one more person asks me about my hours at work or finding a second job i will kill them . 
but a better note ... UMASS season opener ! :) 
Not taking any crap from anyone anymore . 
EW fuck kanye ! Beyonce sucks anyway ! 
SO much to do today ! Good thing its fun stuff :) baked stuffed shrimp with scallops and rice pilaf and a triple chocolate cake for dessert . Mmm 
i dont mind you coming here , and wasting all my time , cause when you're standing oh so near , i kind of lose my mind 
NHS soccer game vs . hampshire ! aww < PROPFEMALE > days :) 
words cant describe how much i hate living here . 
Big E tonight ! yay ! come meet me there ! 
Hmmm .... it appears that i'm addicted to facebook applications .... haha 
Wow i need to quit it on the games hahah . 
But I miss screamin’ and fightin’ and kissin’ in the rain And it’s 2am and I’m cursin’ your name . You’re so in love that you act insane And that’s the way I loved you . 
I keep having strange flashbacks from highschool . I dont know why i keep going down memory < PROPFIRST > . 
we look at each otherWondering what the other is thinkingBut we never say a thingThese crimes between us grow deeper 
We are stardust , we are < PROPFEMALE > , We are billion year old carbon , And we got to get ourselves back to the garden 
Today was a weird day overall . VERY weird . i mean VERY weird . 
I would love it if someone wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out with me tomorrow night ? yes , no ? 
Glass of Moscato and watching the office from last night ! 
Looks like its me , myself , daquris and the sox/yankees . COOL ... 
KINDA wish it was actually friday for me . BOO to work in retail .. but to the bars anyway ! TEXT ME ! 
Not feeling so hot .... but its off to work i go . AHH ! 
That was an AMAZING nap . and i thought everyone should know that . haha 
Go red sox ! and notre dame ! and umass ! 
out for the night ! Texts are cool :) 
Is taking the day off . time to relax and watch the pats ... i think i'll opt for a water today . haha 
patriots won for real finally :) now its the sox turn !!! 
I need to go on an adventure soon . who's coming with ? 
LONG day tomorrw ... work 8 til 2 thennn RED SOX GAME :-) 
praying for no rain tonight ! red sox wahoo ! 
Welp , we clinched by the rangers losing . it was a good game anyway though ( to be at fenway for ! ) <3 fenway franks 
Who wants to drink thursday and watch the game ? yeah ? 
Cant wait for my nephew this february ! yahyahyah !! 
if you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it woooaahhhooohhohohohohwoaahhohohooooooohhhhhhh 
I should think of ways to cheat the system . bahaha 
i miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain and its two am and i'm cursing your name 
Trekking across the USA in the next few months ? 
You're so vain , you probably think this song is about you . 
It's a quarter after one , im all alone and I need you now I said i wouldnt call but I lost all control and I need you now And i dont know how I can do without , I just need you now 
why would you want to have 18 kids . and more . and start all their names with J's . why ? 
watching a show on tlc about a girl who's 16 but hasnt aged from being a baby ! so sad ! its crazy there's dieseses that no one knows about ! 
Wants to live here .... now ! shoudlve moved when i had the < PROPMALE > ! ohhh welllls 
there was a terrifying rumble of thunder that shook this place and now i hear sirens ! ahh ! 
1 more day til me < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > reunite and show the burg whats up . bahaha 
Too paranoid to watch the sox ... please win ! 
fitchburging it . bahaha 
I wanna party like its 1999 . Make it happen . 
Party ? Call < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\Good luck can disappear just as quickly as it appears . \"" 
You know i love you for your pink cadillac . 
my heart is broken this weekend . all my teams lost :( 
Really sad i didnt get to play monopoly . 
am i jinxed ? 
Last day before i'm in ALOT of pain .... hopefully i recover in time for the weekend !!! 
WHY ? 
Off to surgery . uggh ! 
I GOT AN EMAIL ON A JOB !!!!!!!! :) :) :) 
NOW I HAVE AN INTERVIEW !! YIPPEEE !! 
New Glee tonight then the ruins ! yahoo ! 
i probably shouldnt have gone shopping . 
i really want one of my shipyard pumpkin head beers . but the doctor said i couldnt drink . BOOHOO ! :( 
sugar , oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , you are my < PROPFEMALE > girlllll and you got me wanting youuu 
Mmm I love tea on a cold day <3 
SUPER bored . i need to doo something !! 
i love how infomercials make easy things look so hard . IE : straightening your hair , doing cruntches , or chopping veggies . lol . 
here's bombshell just for you - turns out i've been lyin ' too 
Back to work for a 9hr day tomorrow .... i hope i can make it !! 
Would enjoy some cuddling .... its fricken freezing in here !! 
I really hate it when peopel are rude to me for no reason ... i'm not making anyone my priority who only makes me their option . 
Work til 630 and thenn beers . With people ? IDK , all i know is i want my shipyard pumpkinhead beers and drink them i will . 
Hmmm boardgames tonight ? Or party ? Or just drink to get drunk ? 
Mmm warm cider with < PROPFEMALE > vodka = EXCELLENT . 
Ahh sleep til 11 on a rainy day is amazing ! Even if my parents judged me about it . 
GO PATRIOTS !! <3 
Doesnt like it when people try to be someone they're not . just Beee yourself ! 
I still want to play monopoly . WHEN is this going to happen ? 
and if you want to call me baby - just go ahead now . 
workinng til 9 . hooller . 
Sleep ! interview in the morning ! 
It's interview time ! Ahh , this better happen ! 
EUREEKAAS CASTLEEEEE . 
Gone off-roading ! BOOYA ! :) 
if i lay here , if i just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
i'm your biggest fan i'll follow you until you love me . 
You know I thug ' em , fuck ' em , love ' em , leave ' em Cause I don't fuckin ' need ' em 
i probably shouldve just drank alone last night . oh well . 
what to do what to do !! apple cider and rum while making dinner sounds okay for right now . 
im so mad . i hate people . 
Gonna get a little bit sideways having some of the best times i'll never remember ... at mohegan ! Brad&Dierks ! <3 
and maybe it's a little too early to know if this is gonna work - all i know is you're sure looking , good in my shirt ... 
i need to stop procrastinating and get my fat ass to the gym ! now ! 
Being a good girl and eating salad for lunch . AND i gymed it today :) i hope i can keep it up ! 
Mmm mikes hard spiced apple to drink tonight ! yeesh ! 
workworkwork .... i hate Wednesday mornings ! at least time flies ... 
im addicted to you dont you know that you're toxic 
yesss got my halloween costume all set :-D hipppiiee chickk 
tearin ' up the town obvs . text me to meet up . rawr . 
you know it was a good night when you wake up and see a bunch of IM's you didnt remember happening the night before . 
( 412 ): dude i feel like shit ( 413 ): well u did eat a lot of play-doh lmao . 
i think i'll be a < PROPFEMALE > at work tomorrow . suiting . bahaha . 
i drank more than half of a 750 of rum last night ... and i'm not wicked hungover how ? 
great i think i have the flu and i cant get through to the doctors office . FML ... this would happen to me . 
it \may or may not be the flu\ " gee thats helpful doc . back to bed i go . ughh . " 
feeling better think the virus has turned bacterial ? which for some reason sounds good cause medicine will work ! 
back to work tomorrow . 
i wish i could be the exception for ONCE . :( i'm so over like everything . 
I GOT INTO UMASS FOR THE SPRING SEMESTER !! animal science babyyy :) now to decide if i wanna live on campus ... hmm 
this sickness has really worn me down :( hoping i can make it through work . 
umass football :) ugh and then stupid work afterwards . 
come by the farm today and partyy ! do it you wont ! 
youre my blue sky you're my < PROPFEMALE > day - lord ya know it makes me high when you turn your love my way , turn your love my way 
i should probably stop creeping now :) 
i have zero motivation today ! i just want to do nothing at all . 
pissed ! everyone left me alone and theres no food for dinner ! GRR ! 
and if you - want to call me baby , just go ahead now 
IM SO BORED . in need of some excitement pronto . 
i dont ever wanna feeell like i did that day take me to the place i loovee take me all the way 
runnin on empty - runnin on- runnin blind- runnin on- runnin into the sun but i'm runnin behind 
she drives me crazy -oh ohh- like no one else , she drives me crazy and i cant help myselff 
dear patriots , don't let me down tonight , i don't feel like having a broken heart . love , < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
ugh i feel like crying . couldnt be more heartbroken . i hate you patriots . ( well not really just win next week ) . 
Leonid's tonight ! wahoo ! i loove shiny things in the sky 
Mmmm hot chocolate :) with marshmallowss <3 
everything's so blurry and everyone's so fake 
whats up party peopleee ?? 
bored and lonely . save me ? 
if you like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain .... 
sick and tired of being sick and tired :-/ i'm drinking tonight alone . 
when everything feels like the movies , yeah you bleed just to know you're alive . 
oh you never see me standing right in front of you sooner or later you're gonna come around and you'll be sorry when you figure out that i was always everything you needed sooner or later , you're gonna wish you had me . 
silly rabbit . trix are for kids . 
i love getting in at 830am . real cool . and i smell like fire . ack . 
i feel a win today patriots ! <3 
who wants to drink some hot coco and watch a movie with me ? i have cookies too :) 
you're the cutest thing i ever did see , i really love your peaches wanna shake your tree 
9 hours of work til my 2 days off and lots of turkey and stuffing and rolls and piee ! 
i dont mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain - look for the girl with the broken smile , ask her if she wants to stay awhile . 
thankful for this food and my family !! andd for two days off :) 
last christmas i gave you my heart and the very next day , you gave it away , thiss year to save me from tears , i'll give it to someone special . 
cause its a bittersweet symphony , this life . tryin to make ends meet , you're a slave to money then you die . 
i need something to amuse me besides freecell . and facebook . 
<3 postsecret <3 
really sad i cant find chubbs :-( ( my < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Too bad but it's the life you leadYou're so ahead of yourselfThat you forgot what you needThough you can see when you're wrongYou know you can't always see when you're right(you're right ) 
MNF .... GO PATS !! <3 
ugh come on pats !! glad my dad isn't watching the 2nd half with me . he sucks to watch with . 
you are VERY good at decorating that christmas tree ! :-D 
who in their right mind would want a a partridge in a pear tree ? or 2 turtle doves ? or 3 french hens ? but the 5 < PROPFEMALE > rings can be sent my way :-) 
tv night ! tv night ! glee and ruin ! cantt waiit ! And to think i almost forgot ! 
watching < PROPMALE > with a gingerbread cookie and hot coco ( and peppermint schnapps hehe ) . thenn GLEE ! thenn THE RUINS ! :] its a good night ! 
going to to store to get things to make christmas cupcakes ! Then hopefully putting up the tree tonight :] 
hmm ... idk what to do tonight ! 
Shleepies , workies , then off to umd til sunday ! 
i wont hesitate no more no more it cannot wait , i'm yours . 
i dont want a lot for christmas there is just one thing i need ... 
And I don't know why but with you I’d dance In a storm in my best dress Fearless 
well its blizzarding out and i have to drive to work . GREEEAATT . i love the christmas snow and all , but cant they cancel work like they cancel schools ? BOO ! 
going to cuddle up by the fire because my room is like -2 degrees . i hate only having a fireplace sometimes ! i just wanna turn the heat onn ! ughh ! 
t . v night !! SEASON FINALES of GLEE then THE RUINS !! Baahhh i cant wait ! :] 
and i dont see , how you could eveerr be , anything but mine <3 :[ 
let ME tell YOU - i'm not looking forward to taking physics . ew . 
I know that I've got issues But you're pretty messed up too Either way , I found out I'm nothing without you 
i'm wasting my time waiting on dreams that just arent coming true . 
it would be nice if my parents would actually effing heat the house . i dont like coming home and not being warm enough to take off my scarf mittens and coat . 
i just realized i can hide all posts from mafia wars . YES ! no more cluttered news feed :] 
i think i just sprained my ankle sitting in a chair . go me ! 
FACT : i FINALLY did my shopping and got it all done in one day ! yahhoo !! 
i need to not have facebook on my phone . and not update my status when i'm out drinking . haha 
having a cocktail or 3 after being in the nut house all day . then back at it tomorrow ! hopefully the snow keeps em away ! 
way to be REALLY wrong weatherman . some nor'easter ... 
i'm the greatest , basically . :) 
i got all the < PROPMALE > potters for xmas from the best aunt everr !! who wants to come over and have a < PROPMALE > party with < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! Hope < PROPFEMALE > treated everyone well ! 
the last thing i want to do tomorrow is work . fml . 
patron on the rocks and i'm ready for some shotss 
cant believe northampton made it to national news ! shitty reason though . props to the NFD and NPD and the other fire departments around who helped ! 
my night was just made :) i can go to bed happy ! 
sooner or later - you're gonna wish you had me . 
fuck nye . sleeping , waking up to eat chinese food then probably sleeping more . 
finally getting some sleep ... i feel like i'm in the hangover right now . perhaps i'll figure out what happened last night in my dreams lol . 
someday you will find me caught beneath the landslide 
i dont know who i'm kidding imagining you cared . 
love them patriots !! <3 now i should really start packing ... 
4 day mini vaca ! yeah ! 
i really want to go snowboarding . i misss it ! 
tan 
off to NH ! back tomorrow sometime . 
someone please enlighten me on this bad luck that seems to have struck me . i have tried to hard to stay positive , but for serious , i've had e-fucking-nuff !!! 
gym time ... i cant believe school starts in a week ... well it was a nice year long break ... 
Being with you Is so dysfunctional I really shouldn't miss you But I can’t let you go 
Heeeey heey baby , i wanna knoowww if you'll be my girl 
Gymmtimee 
Everyone's known someone that they just can't help but want ; And even though we just can't make it work out , well the wan t-t o lingers on . 
if everyday is a gift , am i allowed to return the ones i dont like ? 
work til 2 then out to reading for the night . Its my last school-free weekend :( 
\hahah YOU FOUND ME ! \"" 
and i dont know why , white liar .... heres a bombshell just for you , turns out i've been lying too ;) 
i have to go to kollege tomorrow . ut-ohs ! haha 
class til 1230 then gym . hope you voted today ... as long as you voted the RIGHT way ;-) 
PSYCHED about this animal management class ... lambing and barn chores .. ahh just like the good ol ' days :-) 
What an epic win :-) < PROPFIRST > Brown ! wahoo ! Celebratory drinks ARE in order ! 
i kinda wanna run the st. patty's road race ... but dont want to alone hmmm ... 
Sleep , work , gym then ... time to relax and maybe go out ? WHAT ?! My days seem to be nonstop lately . it'll be nice to have some stop time tomorrow :) 
Running ... outside . gotta train for the 10K ! 
Beyond exhausted ! nap and then maybe some wine and the shows i need to catch up on ! 
Rain in january serves NO purpose except to make people who have to walk outside across a large campus miserable and wet and cold . 
Only one class today and no work ! yahoo ! planet fitness and the mall are in order :-) 
i really need to get out of here . ughhhh ! 
I'm really enjoying how my body is looking lately thanks to working out and eating better . and i'm kind of enjoying my life . :-) Drinking tonight to celebrate that , and well my half birthday ! join me ! Weeee ! 
I’m tryingNot to tell youBut I want toI’m scared of what you’ll saySo I’m hiding what I’m feeling 
i'm thirsty :-) 
Well theres nothing i can do , i only wanna be with you :-) 
Lets just lay here and be lazy baby , drive me craazzyy 
3 more shifts left at the t+v thenn i'm outtta there !!! 
is pissed i'm missing hulk . WTF . damn you work , damn you ! 
i won't hesitate no more , no more , it cannot wait , i'm yours <3 
i want to go to disney world in the worst way ! letss goo ! 
in central mass with my man for the weekend :-) 
has a VERY good feeling its gunna be another epic weekend !.... I just need to get through the week first . 
so mad i could cry . no its just fucking FIIINEEEEEEE . ugh . and i now i have to go sit in a goddamn barn for 12 hours . GREEEAT . 
Q : What is a dinosaur when it comes out of a pool ..... A . WET ! bahhaha , yeah what were YOU doing at 3am this morning ? 
LOL at the weathermen . i'm < PROPFEMALE > glad we got a snow day with basically no snow ! 
fuck < PROPMALE > history , and its visual analysis . I'm < PROPFEMALE > bullshitting this . 
one more day to get through theenn .... long weekend !! <3 
i hope you dont mind , i hope you dont mind , that i put down in words , how wonderful life is that you're in the world 
gym , cleaning my room then possibly watching chick flicks and napping all day . 
Hmm ... never knew the term \worried sick\ " was so literal . " 
exhausted . did not plan on throwing up all day only to have to work in seafood at night . blech . long hot shower is in store . 
praying for a better day today ! 
I've never been so wrapped up , < PROPFEMALE > I like the way you're everything I ever wanted <3 
Never thought getting a phonecall at 5am would make me so happy !!!! Cant wait to get another one with even better news !! <3 
shots at 1pm ? why not . dont even care about my physics exam at 7pm ... 
turning up the music REAL loud and dancing the stress away ! then getting ready for physics midterm numbero uno . ( yes i KNOW i updated 819181 times today ... deeal with it ! ) 
taking a shot or 3 for good luck then its off to take physics exam theen outski . 
just go on break my heart if you must , its always been a matter of trust . 
i should not be allowed to have facebook on my phone when i'm out drinking . BAD idea . lol . its the weeeekennd :) hoping its a gateway to make next week a better week ! 
wishing i could stop feeling like my heart is dropping into my stomach .... ugh . going to bust my balls at the gym so i feel better at least for one hour . 
has decided i'm gonna have fun tonight and not let any of this crap get to me !! 
drunk tank says goodnight to all and to all a goof night :) 
work allll day til 8 . $$$$ 
getting decidedly shitty . monday funday . 
she said i dont know if i've ever been good enough , i'm a little bit < PROPMALE > and i think my head is caving in , and i dont know if i've ever been really loved by a hand thats touched me and i feel like somethings gonna give ... 
wwoooo-EEEEE what up with that ? what up with that ? wooooooo-EEEEEEEEe what up with that ? what up with that ? 
i'm going to california with an achin in my heart 
10lbs down , 20 to go . 
work til 8 , last day of the week . then just 2 days to get through til the weekend when i finally get to meet my nephew ! 
shed be a whole lot prettier if she smiled once in a while , but even her smile looks like a frown .... 
just ordered a blackberry ! yess . 
thirsty thursday ! who's coming out ? 
ajdkewaioflenwfjlw !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! jUST FIT INTO JEANS I HAVENT WORN IN 2YRS ! suck on THAT !!!!!!!!! 
its 530 . im bored . im ready for a drink . 
one night without crying would be GREAT . 
HEY EVERYONE ! i got a new number ! message me for it :-) 
and i stare at the phone he still hasnt called and then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all .... 
Theres absolutely NOTHING i want more . 
it needs to be thursday now . nooww . or march 12 would be even better . 
There will be an answer , let it be 
I MISS YOU ! :-( 
ive tried sober i've tried drinking i've been strong and i've been weak but i still miss you ... 
i want it to be march 12 NOW ! not ONLY does that start spring break buut a BOMB weekend as well ! Mohegan and Boston St. Patty's ... ohh man ! 
today was terrible . i think i've been shit on enough for a lifetime over the past couple weeks . ugh . shoot me now , puh-leassee ! 
i just love how i care so much about other people and then the second i have a problem they're gone . thanks alot . ( not everyone obvs . ) 
its AMAZING how much a little bit of sunshine makes me feel SO much better ! Opening all the shades and taking it in ! I think things are going to be okay :) 
shake it sh-shake it shake it like a polaroid picturee . LOVE me some dance parties ;) 
i love you sunshine , i've missed you ! please stick around ! Doing things outside today ... starting with a nice run ! 
< PROPFIRST > roads aint made for walking , spinning tires aint made for stoppin’ - I’m giving up on love cause love’s given up on me 
Theres no time for tears , i'm just sitting here planning my revenge ;) 
I’m gonna hold my head up high , Got No more tears to cry Today I’m gonna stand out in the rain Let it wash it all away Yeah wash it all away - I’m gonna let it go . 
Instead of getting revenge , do something nice to those who hurt you - it's a lot more satisfactory . 
All i wanna do is sleep but i have to study ! uughhh ! 
is tired of lies , excuses , and being ignored . no matter how much the truth hurts , at least i can get over it . lies , excuses , and being ignored keep me hanging on . 
1 exam + 1 class then BREAK ! 
its exam time betch . BTW whoever decided that < PROPMALE > history was an elective is a total moron . worst class ever , heres to hoping i dont fail TOO miserably ! :p 
he fuckin hates me , trust , he fuckin hates me lalalalaaa i tried to hard and he stole my feelings like i had none , and ripped them awaayy 
am immediately regretting the nice thing i did . lol oh well . < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFEMALE > on me , when you're not strong , and i'll be your friend , i'll help you < PROPFEMALE > on , for it wont be long til i'm gonna need somebody to < PROPFEMALE > on - just call on me brother , when you need a hand , we all need somebody to < PROPFEMALE > on <3 
its a french kiss , italian ice , margaritas in the mooonlighhtt , just another american saturday night :) BOSTON !! <3 
i feel like death and dying . why am i hungover at 843 pm ? oh yeah , read my other statuses .... oopsie . 
why am i stressing about school on the monday of my spring break ? eww . 
Heaven help the fool who did her wrong it's too late , too bad , she's too far gone he should have thought of that before he left her all alone if she's lonely now , she won't be lonely long 
“Be Who You Are and Say What You Feel Because Those Who Mind Don't Matter and Those Who Matter Don't Mind . ” - Dr. Seuss <3 
im such a fool for having let myself be vulnerable . i hate that i cant let you go and you let go of me so easily . i hate that i let myself fall when i knew i shouldnt have and now i'm paying . 
Going for a run to kick-start my day , a few appointments , work , then hopefully celebrating st. patty's with at least one beer since i already overly celebrated on sunday :-p 
Can I just say that I just saw a pic of someone who was a total ass to me and let me tell you - < PROPFEMALE > hit them HARD . bahaha , so i suggest you people be nice to me because < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch :) lol i love me . 
Hopes that $60 treated you well . ;) 
I'll reach out my hand to you , I'll have faith in all you do Just call my name and I'll be there 
i lava my biffle and our extraordinary nights ! ( and new friends) <3 day off tomorrow yippeee !! 
But let me get to the point lets roll another joint and turn the radio loud i'm too alone to be proud , and you dont know how it feels , you dont know how it feels , to be me 
Just as I thought it was going alright I find out i'm wrong when i thought I was right , its always the same its just a shame thats all . 
i hate these days when i'm too sad and teary to get out of bed :'( 
And everything I can't remember As fucked up as it all may seem The consequences that I've rendered I've gone and fucked things up again Why must I feel this way ? Just make this go away Just one more peaceful day .... 
why cant we alll just get alongggggggg !! :) 
Some dance to remember , some dance to forget ;) 
does anyonneee wanna get an apartment with me in amherst in august for next yearr ??? 
why does everyone have to be such a liar ? i am SO annoyed and SO over it . Releasing some of this aggravation at the gym .... 
i got excited that it was friday until i realized that starting today i have work 5 days straight . and for only 2 of those is there no school . yeah FML . 
6am unruffled pillow , laughs out loud - my trusting heart . like i didnt see the pennies , missed the fountain by a couple yards . 
Sooo excited to get a house next year !! :-D 
whoever becomes my 200th friend is getting a partayy !! 
dinner with my sister ! :) wish my other sister could come have dinner too :( 
When there's nothing left to do , theres only one thing left to do ;) 
Gazing at people , some hand in hand , Just what I'm going through they can't understand . Some try to tell me , thoughts they cannot defend , Just what you want to be , you will be in the end . And I love you , yes I love you , Oh how I love you , oh how I love you . 
it WOULD be raining out :-( 
\We are all fools in love . \ " -Pride&Prejudice . " 
why is mr. darcy fake ? wtf . stupid < PROPFEMALE > austen for making such an unbelievable character !! gaah ! 
Eeeeek ! i'm sooo excited and i just cant hide it ! Perhaps my luck has finally turned around , eh ? < PROPFEMALE > EXCITED ! CANT . HIDE . IT . 
When the road gets crazy And tries to break me And I've had all I can stand I can close my eyes no matter where I am And just be still 
damn bittersweet memories about lighting my hair on fire . geet outt ! 
gym sesh , examm , lab , then i do believe its thursday . drinks ? 
you cant always get what you want , you cant always get what you want , no you cant always get what you want , but if you try sometimes , you'll find , you get what you need . 
Getting my tan on out in the suunn before work B-) 
i like how people claim they're broke then somehow have money coming out of their ass ? Hmm ... curious thing ;) 
its joshuas first easter ... but most importantly his first red sox opening day ! hooray ! 
2 HOURS AWAY ! GO RED SOX !!!! <3 <3 gonna love me some beckett and pedroiaa ;) 
i left my head and my heart on the dance floor 
sooo fed up with this shit ! its fucking war now . its sooo fucking on ! 
he wants a fight well now he's got one and he aint seen me crazy yet . 
going to look at a house tomorrow ! and btw still need 1 or 2 more roommates if anyone is interested or knows anyone who is ! get at me ! 
deja-vu . 
actions speak louder than words . 
not letting anyone walk all over me anymore . i'm done with this . call me crazy , but i'll get what i want and no one is standing in my way anymore . 
run/working out , class , lab ( cant wait to wear booties again ! bahahaa ) then home and thenn out for a couple drinks ! 
who wants to drink adult lemonade slushies with me tonightt ?? 
frickin finalllly back from lab daammn that was a long one 
she knows how to give , she knows how to take , cause so many times shes been taken a fool by those alibis and lyin eyes and all the best lines lord knows shes heard them all shes been cheated on and pushed around and left alone ... 
why must ppl rapidly type loudly in a class of 20 ppl ? seriously ur fucking annoying and obv not just taking notes . 
cause its me you you me me you all night 
bbq , beers and sox later . why couldnt it be < PROPFEMALE > and 80 today too ? 
Working ouuttt for my hot bodd ! 
\60% of the time it works everytime . \"" 
I'm a bitch , I'm a tease I'm a goddess on my knees when you hurt , when you suffer I'm your angel undercover I've been numbed , I'm revived can't say I'm not alive You know I wouldn't want it any other way 
I finished writing my paper and its not due til friday !! yahooo !! HUGE weight taken off my shoulders :) 
I wish i could go help castrate piggies instead of going to work :( oooh welllls ! 
GLEE TOMORROW NIGHT I CANT EVEN WAIT !!!!!! 
cause I'm as free as a bird now and this bird you cannot change 
glee glee glee glee glee !!!!!!!! hooorrraayyyy ! 
when you're strange faces come out of the rain when you're strange no one remembers your name . 
Hmmm new piercing or tattoo really soon ... now i just have to decide which one and where to get it ! 
you son of a biscuit eating bulldog . 
decisions decisions ...... 
Catching some rays before the sun leaves me for the weekend . 
I wish it wasn't going to rain and be cold saturday :( its going to ruin the festivities !! 
man oh man oh man . 
I aint settling for ANYTHING less than everything 
i dont remember you looking any better , but then again i dont remember you . 
think you'll be getting this ? nah nah nahh 
I hate making fried fish SO much that I may never eat it again so I don't put someone else through my agony . ha 
And I go back to watchin the summer fade to fall Growing up too fast and I do recall Wishin ' time would stop right in it's tracks Everytime I hear that song I go back , I go back 
Dear Red Sox , please man up and start winning some games . I know it's still early in the season but this is no excuse . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
why do i watch scary shows about serial killers :( 
I am incredibly upset currently ... hopefully today I get what I want in order to celebrate !! 
overjoyed that it's wednesday and the start of my two days off . 
some , times in our lives , we all have pain , we all have sorrow , but , if we are wise , we know that theres always tomorrow - < PROPFEMALE > on me , when you're not strong , and i'll be your friend , i'll help you < PROPFEMALE > on - for , it wont be long , til i'm gonna need , somebody to < PROPFEMALE > on 
is annoyed with life right now . 
Getting my gym on , class , getting pierced , dresss shoppinnggg then who knows where the night will lead me ;) 
ew ew ewwwwwwwww 
someone please tell me there still some at least halfway decent guys out there ? please ? haha i'm beginning to have serious doubts . 
but oh how it feels so real , lying here with no one near , only you , and you can hear me , when i say softly , slowly , hold me closer < PROPFEMALE > dancer , count the headlights on the highway , lay me down in sheets of linen , you had a busy day today ... 
had a fantastic weekend ! only 7 class days left , 2 finals , theen its summmer ! <3 
untouchable burning brighter than the sun , and when you're close i feel like coming undone <3 
do you think you'll be the guy to make the < PROPFEMALE > of the angels sigh 
i'm a gleek and totally proud of it ! out of commission until 10pm :) 
baabbbyyyy you've beeen driving me craaazzzyyy can you be my laddyyy babby babbyyy drivin me crazzaayyy 
i'm not digging this weather business . i should not have to wear a jacket in april . boooo . tooniighhhtttt thoughh :-D cannot wait . 
this could be one of those memories <3 
Who got a motherfucking B on her < PROPMALE > history paper that she hardcore bullshitted ? THIS GIRL ! Boooya ! 
this has been a FABULOUS past 3 days , and week even ! With summertime comes good things I suppose ! Family partay then prob out for the night !! :-D 
and i dont know why but with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress , fearless <3 
Last class of the semester !! YAY ! Just a final thurs and a final Friday and theen its SUMMERTIME !! :-D 
It's cinco de mayo and i have to study all day . damn finals . haha , unless if i have a < PROPFEMALE > AND study ... win-win ? 
oh nothing's sweeter then summertime , in american < PROPFEMALE > 
i just realized that even if i BOMB my < PROPMALE > history final i'm still going to pass quite easily . HOORAY ! 
one more final to go . must ace it . must study cow breeds and diseases and horses and donkey < PROPFEMALE > . oy vey ! 
oh man my boyfriend is amazing ! 
Stupid people should be banned from the work place , if you're too dumb to figure out the seafood department then I don't think you have much luck in life . 
happy mothers day to all the moms !! 
you say yes , i say no , you say stop and i say go go goo , oohh noo , you say goodbye and i say hello .... hello hello ! i dont know why you say goodbye i say hello . 
i kind of miss my stretched ears :( but at the same time i dont . why cant i wear dangley earrings AND have gauges :( 
hsjfiuesjkgfndsjfnerujinvjfksdnreslfnjsdlrgenbjklnfdsrilse 
Yeah she's heaven on the eyes But boy she's hell on the heart\ 
Yeah she's good when she's bad She's cute when she's mad And she does all the wrong things right Yeah boy it's a fact when they're made like that You ain't ever gonna sleep at night ;) 
New job search starts tomorrow . Fuck big y ! 
well theres a < PROPFEMALE > in a fisted glove , and eagle flies with the dove ... 
i would be getting sick :( 
Fml found the perfect apartment and someone put down a deposit friggin 3 hours before I was supposed to . GREAT . 
Scooping poo then slicing deli meats . Haha 
From the backwoods Shes home a grown Down to the bone She's country 
( 617 ): i've noticed that whenever i have to ask myself \would i be doing this if i was sober ? \ " the answer is probably no . " 
when someone hasnt apologized to you after a month for something they did - then they probably aren't going to and your best bet is to probably write that person off . 
keep on rockin ' me baby 
B- , B+ , and an A- ..... not a bad semester !! and a 3.1 gpa . go me !! :) 
take it easy , take it easy , dont let the sound of your own wheels make you crazy 
blues what blues hey I forgot em the sun and the sand and a drink in my hand with no bottom no shoes no shirt no problemss 
i am aware that i am a chronic facebook picture changer . 
hmmmm .... what to doo . i think 90's boyband pop will give me a good answer . 
it's tearin ' up my heart when i'm with you but when we are apart i feel it tooo and no matter what i do i feel the paaiinn with or without you 
So sick of people who think they can go through life without doing a day of hard work and having everything handed to them . Groooww up ! 
But i would not feel so all alone - everyybody must get stoned . 
Sugarland TONIGHT ! Wahhoooo !!! 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill And knocks you in the head like I'd like to I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls I pray all your dreams never come true Just know wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you 
And I never say your name and I never will And all your things , well I threw them in the trash And I'm not even sad\ 
Now you only have yourself to blame For playing all those stupid games You're always gonna be the same And , oh no , you'll never change 
just need to make it through job two til 3 theeeen let the festivities beginn !! hoorraayy for maggies 21st and super awesome people !! 
And I was gone and I aint back yet - Lookin , back at the moments , black and white\ 
I wouldnt change a thing that changed my life\ 
For the worse , for the better\ 
Man , I was gone , gone forever 
If you fall for me I'm not easy to please I might tear you apart Told you from the start , baby from the start\ 
I'm only gonna break break your , break break your heart 
sheep show tomorrrooww ! ahh just like the good ol days but this time I'm actually taller then the sheep ;) 
i wish i could go drink beers around a fire on this awesome night . instead i have a massive headache and have to be up super early tomorrow . BOO ! 
you best believe that i'm not gonna wait cause theres gotta be something more 
Good friend , good booze , good night :) <3 
Where have all the cowboys gone ? 
Going to do godmotherly things in NH in my pretty pink dress :) 
Happy memorial day ! Thanks to all the troops !! <3 
Guess this means you're sorry You're standing at my door Guess this means you take back All you said before Like how much you wanted Anyone but me Said you'd never come back But here you are again 
Who says i can't get stoned , turn off the lights and the telephone me and my house alone , who says i cant get stoned Who says I can't be free From all of the things that I used to be Rewrite my history Who says I can't be free ... 
FACT : never try to outsmart a ram . he WILL pummel you and bruise every knuckle on your hand and take some skin off your midge thumb . 
So stressed - I think i might declare bankruptcy :( ugh fml and my stupid 18 year old decisions to get so many credit cards . Going to drink away this stress til tomorrow . 
blah blag blahh think you'll be gettin this nah nah nahhh 
I've dealt with my ghosts and I've faced all my demonsFinally content with a past I regretI've found you find strength in your moments of weaknessFor once I'm at peace with myselfI've been burdened with blame , trapped in the past for too longI'm movin ' on 
Up early to drive to boston for the day and night ! yaahhooo !! 
have you ever thought just maybe , you belong with me .... 
Ob-la-di , ob-la-da , life goes on , brah !... Lala how the life goes on ... 
I am the definition of idiot . bah humbug ! 
i hate you 6am . i really hate you . 
i really wanna play outside . does anyonnnee wanna join me ? 
Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams , Telling myself it's not as hard , hard , hard as it seems . 
you're never gonna bring me down . 
so very frustrated . i hate how i never have help with anything that i SHOULD have help with . fuck . working out . 
Going for a drive ;) 
Every time you get up and get back in the race one more small piece of you starts to fall into place 
I'm a loser babyy so why don't you kill me ? 
Theres no worse feeling than realizing that you're so broke that you can't do anything and are stuck living at home probably until you get a full time job when you graduate ... in 2 years . oh fml . 
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song And I'll try not to sing out of key . Oh , I get by with a little help from my friends Mm , I get high with a little help from my friends Mm , gonna try with a little help from my friends <3 
3 days of doubles ? Bring it on betch . $$$$$$$ 
In my head , I see you all over me . In my head , you fulfill my fantasy . Youll be screaming more . In my head , its going down . In my head , its going down . 
one of these days I'm gunna look a customer square in the eye and tell them to politely go choke on an abnormally large ... thing . :-) 
and the beat goes on , and the beat goes on ... 
As much as i appreciate and love all the hours i've been getting , i'm so exhausted . I'm pretty sure I'm napping on my whole 3 hour break between jobs today . and at least I can sleep in thursday and friday :) 
I want your love and I want your revenge I want your love I don't wanna be friennddsssssss . 
she was a daytripper , one way ticket yeah ... 
is a wolfpack of one . 
If i'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose If i'm not that arrow to the heart of you If you don't get drunk on my kiss If you think you can do better than this then i guess we're done , Let's not drag this on , Consider me gone 
Can't believe its already been 2 years . Miss you so much grandma <3 I'm so proud to be basically your spitting image ! 
Ain't no tellin ' where the wind might blow , Free and easy down the road I go <3 
So tell me why do I keep holding on ? oh why do I keep staring down the barrel of a loaded gun ? tell me why can't I just let go ? somebody knows , then tell me ... 
I would swallow my pride I would choke on the rines But the lack thereof Would leave me empty inside Swallow my doubt Turn it inside out Find nothin ' but faith in nothing Wanna pull my tenderHeart in a blender Watch it spin round to a beautiful oblivion- Rendevous , then I'm through with you 
You may be right , I may be crazzy , OH , but it just may be a lunatic you're looking for ;) 
First Old Lyme trip of the year !!! Hooray for FINALLY having a day off on a nice hot beach day ! <3 
Who says I cant be free from all of the things that I used to be , rewrite my history , who says I can't be free ? 
Weeding out all the shitty people in my life who have cramped my style . And let me tell you , it feels good to let them go :) 
Is this the real life ? Is this just fantasy ? Caught in a landslide No escape from reality Open your eyes Look up to the skies and see I'm just a poor boy I need no sympathy Because I'm easy come , easy go Little high , little low Any way the wind blows Doesn't really matter to me , to me 
Hit me with your best shot , fire away ... 
Some things are lost some left behind , Some things are better left for someone else to find , Maybe in time I can finally see , I just wonder , wonder if you think about me 
Ahhh a mini 2 day break from my parents and from big y . Sure feels nice to just relax after having a stress related headache last night at work . :) 
\It's an illusion michael .... a trick is something hookers do for money ................ or coccaine . \ " -GOB bluth . " 
dont call my name , dont call my nameeee , aleeejanndrooooo 
shoes don't stretch , and men don't change . 
Wishing I could celebrate the 4th of july , but 2 days of time and a half sounds alright too . But way to go , < PROPFEMALE > . Happy 234th birthday :) 
\The great white buffalo ....................... the great white buffalo . \"" 
Cheer up sleepy < PROPFIRST > , oh what can it mean to a , daydream believer and the homecoming queeennnn ! 
You wanna get in my world , get lost in it , Boy I’m tired of running , lets walk for a minute 
Why do you build me up buttercup baby just to let me down and then mess me aroundd 
shame on you if you fool me once , shame on me if you fool me twice . 
hampton beach bound !! catch ya on the flip flop ! :) 
I dig my toes into the sand\ 
The ocean looks like a thousand diamonds\ 
Strewn across a blue blanket\ 
I < PROPFEMALE > against the wind\ 
Pretend that I am weightless\ 
And in this moment I am happy ... happy 
I need a lover that won't drive me craazyyyy 
There's a wild , wild whisper Blowin ' in the wind Callin ' out my name like a long lost friend Oh I miss those days as the years go by .... 
On the beach with < PROPFEMALE > ! Loove relaxation :) 
I could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now ... 
and back to bed i go ! I miss yesterday already ! such a fabulous day ! 
Hold on , baby you're losing it , the waters high you're jumping into it and letting go , and no one knows , that you cry but you dont tell anyone that you might not be the < PROPFEMALE > one , and you're tied together with a smile but you're coming undone ... 
I'm giving up on love , love's giving up on me . 
cant frigging wait for my hot date with < PROPMALE > MCGRAW tomorrow night ! OH SNAP ! 
i'm gunna live where the green grass grows watch my corn pop up in rows and every night be tucked in close to youu <3 < PROPMALE > MCGRAW !! <3 
feeling delightfully smasjed :) 
Has not drunk this mcuh in a while and dear < PROPMALE > mcgraw , wear tight whitw shirts more often and stop being married 
one more week then a mini-vaca including boston and cirque du soleil and then BIRTHDAY and then rascal flatts !! i cant wait ! 
Feels horrible . 
Stop dwelling on the chances you didnt take and maybe start taking some chances so you wont have to regret not taking them . and if you fail or get rejected , theres still always tomorrow . 
at the vet with my poor pups who both have kennel cough :( the poor boys ! 
hey now heey now don't dream its over 
i still don't like you 6am . but the barn is calling . 
U.S. Military members are somewhere in the world missing their family while you're at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , Military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for our freedom . It's Military appreciation week . Post this and say a prayer if u are in the Military , love a Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or have appreciation . 
I am barely breathing , and I cant find the air , dont know who i'm kidding , imagining you cared . 
3 days later and my new room is set up ! including mini-fridge and a full sized bed ! yahhooo !! 
For now I smell the rain , and with it pain , and it's headed my way . Sometimes I grow so tired , but I know I've got one thing I got to do ... Ramble On , And now's the time , the time is now , to sing my song . 
Eye Doctor theennn off to NH for a weekend with < PROPFEMALE > ! Boston and Cirque on sunday !! yay !! 
Come stand a little bit closer breathe in and get a bit higher you'll never know what hit you when I get to you ... Ooh , I want you I don't know if I need you But , ooh , I'd die to find out ;) 
Ahh it is most definitely nap time ! 
I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block 
its been a long time been a long time been a long lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely time 
Thanks everyone so much for all the birthday wishes !!! <3 
Thanks again everyone for the wonderful bday wishes !! <3 <3 
Someday you will find me caught beneath the landslide 
Off to hadley farm for a cookout ! :) 
Oooh you never see me standing right in front of youu , sooner or later , you're gonna come around and you'll be sorry when you figure out , i was always , everything that you needed sooner or later , you're gunna wish you had me . 
But you only want the ones that you cant get ... desperado . 
screw it , jsut going to bed early tonight . 
Only a short 15 days away until i'm on the beach for 6 whole days ... with the sun and the sand and a drink in my hand , with no bottoM , no shoes , no shirt , no problems . 
Between the work and the hurt and the whiskey dont think i dont think about it . 
Busy day ! work til 2 then RASCAL w/ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > pickler with the girls !! <3 
I've been stuck in traffic for an hour and a half . this suuckksss ! 
You can watch me walk if you want to , want to , i betcha want me back now don't you , don't you , i'm about to show you just how missing me feels ... 
successfully dominated a double baconator today . WIN ! 
lover lover lover you dont treat me no good no more , no more more more more lover lover lover you dont treat me no good no more ! 
ugh its me and you chemistry . attempting to do a full hour today . 
Cannot deal with the goddamn deli much longer . 2lbs of shaved meat at 845 NO FUCKING PROBLEM . 
spaceballs and now robinhood men in tights with beers and with my bff . doesn't get much better hooooray ! 
A wild imagination , a college education add it all up its a deadly combination shes a good bass fisher a dynamite kisser ;) 
I'm investigating things that start with the letter M ... 
So tell me why do I keep holding on ? Oh why do I keep staring down the barrel of a loaded gun ? Oh why can't I just let go ? Somebody knows then tell me . 
Getting prepared for a night and day full of shenanigans . And sausage/onion/pepper grinders . and potato salad . and swimming . and other fun things ;) 
where I come from rain is a good thingg rain makes corn corn makes whiskey whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisky ;) 
and i wonder if i ever cross your mind ? for me it happens all the time ... its a quarter after one i'm a little drunk and i need you now . 
My phone wont turn on . wtf . :( 
completely kicking myself hard for not keeping my env2 :( FUCKKKKKKKK !!! well i now have no phone and no < PROPFIRST > . sooo pissed . i want my env2 :( anyone have one they dont want ?? 
Yeah , even I'm surprised How easy sweet revenge rolls off my lips If it wasn't for guys like you There wouldn't be songs like this 
slow down dont fuck with my high I want be left alone here with my monsters and say now it's time to ride to see lonely girlsand to not put the moves on them\ 
all them tremendous brunettes around 
you know i could use somebody , someone like you 
HOLY TOSTITOS ! 
\Life under the sea is better than anything they got up there ! \"" 
Tell me bout your momma your daddy your hometown show me around i wanna see it all , dont leave anything out , i wanna know everything about youu ... ;) 
Don't know why my life sounds like A heartbroke country song I ain't really happy Unless the sky starts driving rain Maybe I just get off on the pain 
3 more days 3 more days ... thennn < PROPMALE > and dunn ! thennn THE BEACH FOR 6 DAYS ! thennn COUNTRY FEST !!! :-D 
she swears the < PROPFEMALE > dont < PROPFEMALE > quite as high as it used to 
football ! :-) Gunna be the regular season before I even know it ! 
SO much to do such little time ! Ahh ! 
girl i cant buy you a big < PROPFEMALE > ring , no house on a hill full of lifes finer things , i'll tell you right now theres a whole lot that i just cant do , but baby dont think i cant love you 
< PROPMALE > and dunn tonight with the girls and then BEACHHHH !! for a WHOLE week ! and i get to see < PROPFEMALE > and joshie-poo !! oh boy oh boy oh boy !! :-D 
and i could not ask for moorrreeeee 
i guess ill keep on rambling 
so waste at mcguirks luurrveebit 
thinking of you grandma ... i miss you . wishing you could be walking here with me on the search for shells and seaglass <3 
well what am i supposed to say when im all choked up and youre okay ? 
just called myself a clusterfuck , because that i am . FINALLY back in action ! miss me ? 
i wish my bags would unpack themselves . I also wish the laundry would wash itself . 
back to the real world . barn and big y today . which means yeah its still only 6am and i'm awake . booo ! 
No , nay , never * clap clap clap clap * no never no more * clap clap * ... 
i would get a cold the week i'm back from vaca . 
And when she says she wants someone to love I hope you know she doesn’t mean you And when she breaks down and lets you down I hope you know she doesn’t mean you , yeah 
i drove right by mohegan and im not going there booo ! 
shearing sheep and running on about 0 . ahhh i need sleeeep ! 
and i dont see how you could ever be , anything but mine <3 
i've been up at 6am everyday this week . fml . 
so watch me strike a match on all my wasted time ... 
i pray your birthday comes and nobody calls i pray your flyin high when your engine stalls i pray all your dreams , never come true , just know wherever you are , near or far , in your house or in your car , wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , i pray for you . 
even the best fall down sometime , even the wrong words seem to rhyme 
\but what u dont understand is this rock rocks . \ " - < PROPFIRST >." 
hold on , baby you're losing it . 
We could sit on the shore , we could just be friends , or we could jump in - whole world could change in a minute just one kiss could stop this spinning we could think it through , but i don't want to if you don't want to ... 
\QUESTION . what kind of bear is best ? \"" 
i traced the cord back to the wall no wonder it was never plugged in at all . 
my horoscope today in the collegian ( it never gets old haha ): \no more flossing . i can tell you are becoming addicted to oral ( hygiene ) . \ " hahah " 
well what am i supposed to say when i'm all choked up and your okay ? 
Is in desperate need for some courage , and also some < PROPFEMALE > . And maybe a little bit of good luck . Please , and thank you . 
why is my WHOLE life revolved around wanting what i cant have ? * sigh * 
I was a flight risk , afraid of fallin ' Wondering why we bother with love , if it never lasts 
gonna frreee fall out into nothing gonna leaveee this world for a while ...... 
if you do not want to see me again , i would understand ... 
and i dont want the world to see me cause i dont think that theyd understand , when everything's made to be broken , i just want you to know who i am . No you cant fight the tears that aint coming , or the moment of truth in your lies , when everything feels like the movies and you bleed just to know you're alive . 
just gonna stand there and watch me burn but thats alright because i like the way it hurts , just gonna stand there and hear me cry but thats alright because i love the way you lie , i love the way you lie . 
shes got to love nobody 
if i'm not back again this time tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > on , < PROPFEMALE > on , as if nothing really matters 
loves and hates when stereotypes are true . because i feel like i'm stereotyping , but at the same time , its because that stereotype is true . Being on campus does this to me . haha 
< PROPFIRST > Scott : Hey ! What the hell ! Is going on here ! Who thought it would be hysterical to give < PROPFIRST > a rock for his going away gift ? \ 
< PROPMALE > Schrute : You did . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Scott : No ! \ 
< PROPMALE > Schrute : You made me wrap it . I thought it was over the line -- 
has so many things to say but is too afraid to do anything but runaway . 
and your tied together with a smile but your coming undone ... 
Big E for most of the day showing sheep ! Yow know you love those little woolies when you're up at 4:45 am just for them . 
can you put the past away ? 
its 2pm and i've only left my bed to use the bathroom . success . 
pats ! and thats right ... i'm still in my bed . 
Goin to california with an achin in my heart ... 
I saw your face in a crowded place And I don't know what to do , ' Cause I'll never be with you . \ 
Yeah , he caught my eye , As we walked on by he could see from my face that I was fucking high . 
Looking to book my flight :) 
my blood is boiling . I hate classes based on a teachers opinion , i understand that it happens , but honestly , you should NEVER belittle someone because their opinion differs from yours especially in a classroom setting . fricken horrible . 
first workout since mid-august = success ! ran/powerwalked uphill on the treadmill for 37 minutes ! hooray ! 
AHH < PROPFEMALE > EPISODE NEXT WEEK ! and i'm in love with finn hudson . 
feels pent up .... i need to do some flying , maybe free my mind a bit . ;) 
Has officially realized that I don't like things I can't easily change my mind on , and hence still have not purchased my tickets . I may need an anxiety pill to do so . haha . 
but ill be alright as long as theres light from a neon < PROPFEMALE > . 
TGIF ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and trace adkins tonight !!! last concert of the summer with the concert crew ! <3 
her favorite color is chrome ;) 
just saw the old like 50 year old man i want when im 50 ... yeeessssss1 
i shouldve been a cowboy . 
Tell me , did you fall for a shooting < PROPFEMALE > one without a permanent scar and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ? 
chick flick , wine + my bed = I'm a total winner . 
have to put my diet on hold for the day because its Big E round 2 with < PROPFEMALE > godard !!!! 
and itd sure be nice if you would roll with me ... 
everywhere i go i see your face and it kills me . 
Braced myself for the goodbye because its all i've ever known ... 
i thought my alarm was tricking me when it went off and it was still pitch-black outside .... it wasn't . 
theres something sexy about the rain , she said as it came pouring down 
she thinks my tractors sexy , it really turns her on . 
next person who almost runs me over riding their bike i will hunt down and slice their tires and cover their handle bars in poo . 
i miss my friends and my life . thank GOODNESS tomorrow is thursday aka tv night . 
heeeeeeeeeeeey baby , there aint no easy way out , heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey yeah , i'll stand my ground and i won't back down , no i wont back down . 
Sometimes theres just not enough rocks . 
I have a long day of eating , drinking , dancing , and being with my family ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > !! Cant wait til 1:00 !! :-) 
i hate that i'm awake now and about to go clean shit . LITERALLY . ha 
Big E round 3 today with my favorite cousins , sister and izzo ! :-) and such a nice day ! 
i dont know why my life sounds like a heartbroke country song ... 
PATS ! <3 
T minus 2 days til I take flight and land in 80 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > weather ... cant wait ! must get through the next few days first .... which includes a chem exam , welfare paper , alpaca chores , studying etc . 
Well it's been fun - what else can I say , If the feeling's gone words won't stop you anyway 
Tell me what you thought about when you were gone and so alone , the worst is over , you can have the best of me we got older , but we're still young , we never grew out of this feeling that we won't give up ... 
decided to tell my parents i'm flying across the country !! haha smooth sailing so far , but havent gotten to dad yet ... 
almost got hit by a car .... it came to a screeching swerved stop and was literally 2ft away from me ! had i not looked up and taken a step back i'd either be dead or badly injured now . SO scary !!!!! and yeah i was in the MIDDLE of a crosswalk and the car in the other < PROPFIRST > was stopped . i hate bad drivers . 
I'm a little more country than that ;-) 
my favorite night of the week !!! :-) AND ITS ALMOST TOMORROW ! 
i think i'll just finish packing in the morning before i leave ... haha . SO excited to be in cali !! Cant wait til 6pm tomorrow when i'm hopping off that plane in 80 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ! B-) 
being aware of my surroundings and watching out for terrorists ... taking my dads wise words of wisdom into practice . lol . 
and since i made it here , i can make it anywhere , yeah they love me everywhere ... newwwww yoorrkkkkkkk ... Made it to NY now just one hour til i take off for cali !!!!!!! 
hopped off the plane at lax with my dream and mny cardigann 
You hurt and abused tellin ' all of your lies , Run around sweet baby , lord how they hypnotize . Sweet little baby , I don't know where you've been , Gonna love you baby , here I come again . 
If it keeps on rainin ' levees goin ' to break 
... learn to forget , learn to forget .... 
watch 6pm news channel 40 if you can ! We'll be on it :) 
was totally just on the news . bam bitches . www.godardfarm.com 
and that was the day i promised , i'd never sing of love , if it does not exist .... 
GOT A MOTHER-TRUCKING 89 ON MY CHEM EXAMMM !!! EATT THATTT !!!!!!!!!!! 
is anyone going to nesa today ? idk if i wanna go or not ... 
guess i should've been more like her ... 
no bueno : ' -( 
yeah even i'm surprised how easy sweet revenge rolls off my lips , and if it wasnt for guys like you there wouldnt be songs like this . 
lets get drunk , no lets get plastered . :) 
happy veterans day ! <3 
and when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while ... 
\you should have listened to chuckie finster . the guy on the oatmeal box is really going to eat you . \ " haha ooh collegian . " 
tell me what you thought about when you were gone and so alone , the worst is over , you can have the best of me . 
i just cant get you outta my headddd 
PATS <3 
a girl with kaleidescope eyes ... 
Whisper words of wisdom , let it be . 
Maybe 6 feet aint so far down . 
Only 9 months and 10 days until me and my man ( < PROPMALE > Chesney ) are reunited at countryfest 2011 . And i CANNOT wait <3 section 101 !! :-) 
empty as a pocket with nothing to lose . 
tonight = tv night w/ the most awesome guys ever & then < PROPMALE > POTTER w/ more of the most awesome people ever . I wish I could skip the day though ... 
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough , i'm like , forget you ! 
Hold your head up you silly girl look what you've done when you find yourself in the thick of it help yourself to a bit of what is all around you silly girl . 
oh what the hell she says i just cant win for losing 
don't you love her as shes walking out the door . 
slow down you crazy child ..... 
Baking cooookies !!! 
Tale as old as time true as it can be barely even friends then somebody bends , unexpectedly ... 
Going out for dinner ... and i dont know what to weaaaaarrr !!! 
and when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while ... :] 
but his dark eyes dared me with danger , and sparks fly like flame to a paper , fire in his touch burning me up , but still i held on , cause i was already gone <3 
falling asleep standing up at work . ugh cant wait for my first day off since tuesday tomorrow ! oh yeah and finally having thanksgiving with my family : 
Only 10 school days , 2 research essays , 4 exams and 2 finals until winter break . 
Maybe i'm a little bit over my head , i come undone at the things he says <3 
i wanna be a billionaire SO fucking bad .... buy all of the things i never had 
it took me close to 2 hours but i FINALLY finished the last of my chem lab owls ! victory is mine !!! 
I wish people would listen with their ears . I seriously wonder how half these kids got into college/aren't failing out . What is this world coming to ? 
its official . i'm an idiot . 
i <3 skipping class because i forgot to finish my paper and print it out . haha whoops . 
ob la di , ob la da life goes onn brah ! la la how the life goes on .... 
Old people should not be allowed to drive ! I almost died because some dumb old lady pulled out without looking and I had to slam on my brakes and swerve off the road almost into a telephone pole ! dumb old assholes . 
successfully watched alpaca castration video while in blue wall ... i wonder how many people were like what in the heck is this girl watching . haha 
i pray all your dreams , never come true ... just know wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , i pray for you . 
Last christmas I gave you my heart , and the very next day you gave it away , this year to save me from tears , I'll give it to someone special . 
She said I dont know if i've ever been good enough , i'm a little bit < PROPMALE > and i think my head is caving in , and i dont know if i've ever been really loved , by a hand that's touched me , and i feel like somethings gonna give .... 
night out with < PROPFEMALE > godard and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! <3 so excited !! 
drunk . 
procrastination to the extreme , but I hope this post dinner pot of coffee will help with that problem . If I survive this week , some celebrations are in order . 
Tree up and decorated . Writing essay DONE . some studying accomplished . Ahh , I can now go to bed somewhat relaxed ... 
Dont think it dont get to me - between the work and the hurt and the whiskey dont think i dont wonder bout coulda been shoulda been all worked out ... 
J-E-T-S SUCK SUCK SUCK !! studying chem and watching my patriots ! <3 
An aqueous solution of barium hydroxide is standardized by titration with a . 229M solution of hydrobromic acid . if 15mL of base are required to neutralize 16.4 mL of the acid , what is the molarity of the barium hydroxide solution ? ..... >.< 
Alpacas , class , chem exam ... then i'm actually done for the day ! Aside from studying for the exam tomorrow and day after ... Oh well , the patriots straight-up murdering the jets makes everything this week a little better . :] 
THURSDAY ! 
they're singing deck the halls , but its not like christmas at all , i remember when you were here and all the fun we had last year 
73 on my chem exam makes me SO happy !! 
hanging out with sheep until alpaca exam numero dos . 
now i know what a fool ive been but if you kiss me now i know youd fool me again . 
6am unruffled pillow , laughs out loud , my trusting heart . 
Narrator : < PROPMALE > had recently brought home a turtle in an incredibly misguided attempt to make his mother jealous . \ 
< PROPMALE > : You can stay in this box that Uncle/Father < PROPFIRST > left behind . \ 
Narrator : In fact , it was a box of < PROPFIRST>'s legally obtained medical marijuana . \ 
< PROPMALE > : Oh , good , you've already got grass . \ 
Narrator : Primo < PROPMALE > . Real sticky weed . 
slow down , don't fuck with my high , i want to be left alone here with my monsters and , say now its time to ride to see lonely girls and to not put the moves on them , all them tremendous brunettes around , all them tremendous brunettes ... 
You're a monster , Mr. Grinch . Your heart's an empty hole . Your brain is full of spiders , you've got garlic in your soul , Mr. Grinch -I wouldn't touch you , with a thirty-nine-and-a-half foot pole . 
\SANTTTTTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !! OH MY GOD !!!!!!!!!! I KNOW HIM !! I KNOW HIM !! \"" 
feels a little better after sleeping for 3 hours .... back ot bed , i need a hug :-( 
i pity the FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL that falls in love with YOUU 
we forgive and forget , and its all coming back to me now . 
why don't you take me away ? dream lover come and rescue meee 
Even if I fail my chemistry final , I will still have a C+ !!! Victory is mine ! 
\That-that's RIDICULOUS . parents couldn't do that all in one night ! \ " ... I think i'll just play elf on repeat in my head to get me through this day . " 
FINITO ! 
Oh make my wish come true , All I want for christmas is , you . 
I thought that if I could touch this place or feel it this brokenness inside me might start healing , out here its like i'm someone else i thought that maybe i could find myself ... 
iiii wannntt something elseee to get me through this - semi-charmed kinda life , babyy babyy i want something else , i'm not listening when you say GOOOOOOOODBYYEEE !! 
Dear professors , \ 
I worked hard ALL semester for you , the least you can do is bust your balls to configure and post final grades so I can finally fully relax for this month off . \ 
THANKS . 
\Friends come in all sizes \"" 
Oh oh oh I wanna go crazy I wanna go crazy with you everybody sayin ' whoa how sweet it is whoa yeah it felt good on my lips 
are you ready for some FOOOTBALL !?! Well i am ! Go pats ! 
thank you patriots for pulling it out . i cannot , however , fall asleep now since you kept it exciting until the last second . 
tears stream , down your face , when you lose something you cannot replace .... 
theres gotta be something more theres gotta be more than this .... 
Think of all the fun i've missed , think of all the fellas that i , haven't kissed ... <3 
good ' ol 7-4 today . gotta love the holidays ! only one more day til my 2 days off for < PROPFEMALE > time !! <3 
FINALLY got netflix ... guess what i'm doing . 
the office season 6 secret < PROPFEMALE > episode is friggin hilarious . 
Its christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! Doesnt look like i'll be getting what i really wanted this year though .... still have 2 days though ! 
\I'm investigating things that start with the letter M \"" 
coffee then off to springfield for christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Joshuas first christmas :) 
I'm so super thankful for my family and all the love and for all my friends near and far who have been so super awesome ... but i can't help but hurt because i know theres something missing ... somethings gotta give sooner or later right ? 
is it weird to dream about the same person every night for a week if not longer than that ? 
i've got 3 words for you : New England Patriots . :) 
seriously ? 
doing what i do best . :-) ~ 
Will be in maine in one week having a funfilled week of dairy cows . You should be jealous ;) lol 
is feeling rather pathedic . I've been in my pj's all day and done nothing at all . fml . 
At first when I see you cry , it makes me smile yeah it makes me smile at worst i feel bad for a while , then i just smile go ahead and smile :) 
I don't know why you say goodbye , i say hello 
yahoo ! all B's and one C+ .... i love being an average student :) 
you gotta lose to know how to win 
11am and work is done for the day and its back to being super bored ... especially since I already watched all of glee season 1 . 
another movie marathon kinda day . watched eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ... and next : across the universe . Think i'll go for a drive first ;) 
apparently in 8th grade i had \exotic hair\ " as multiple people wrote in my yearbook .... lol . i wish i could remember all of this ! " 
bringing in the new year in hartford with < PROPFEMALE > !! Super excited ... cheers to 2011 !! 
i dont remember you looking any better , then again i dont remember you . 
ignorance is bliss 
arrived safe and sound in waterville maine !! hooray cows !! 
youre invisible now you got no secrets to conceal , how does it feel ? 
let me take you down cus im going to ... strawberry fields ... nothing is real .... 
just gonna stand there and watch me burn but thats alright because i like the way it hurts ... 
coming back home todaayyy !!!!!! 
if i go crazy then will you still call me superman ? if i'm alive and well will you still be there holding me hand ? 
you're my favorite mistake . 
Mohegan bus trip tonight ! 
apparently i need to move to the south and marry someone 20 years older than me . 
i give up . you win world . congratufuckinlations . 
i'm never gunna dance again these guilty feet have got no rhythm . 
All of the blinks I blink and keep blinking \ 
and Fall down stumble\ 
I’m\ 
No prize for you\ 
No trophy too\ 
Keep walking through\ 
And I’m\ 
Not worth a dime\ 
I’ll drag you down\ 
Don’t waste your time 
run away , find you a lover , go away somewhere all bright and new i have seen no other , who compares with you , you belong among the wildflowers 
going to work ... whaaat ? 
\ya want thing-a-bobs ? I've got twenty ... but who cares .... no big deal .... i want moreeeeeeeeee . \ " the little mermaid :) " 
hmm ... should i add my bit in about how its snowing ? just incase anyone happens to live in a box with no windows or tv ... :) 
finally watched shutter island ... holy shit good movie ! i guess < PROPFIRST > likes the mindbenders .... i just need to watch inception now ! 
apparently the upstairs being 65 degrees is ok because in the summer we set the air conditioner to 66 degrees . either i'm crazy for thinking thats way too cold or my dad is crazy for thinking its warm enough ... i think i'll go with him being crazy . 
If you're going out with someone new\ 
I'm going out with someone too\ 
I won't feel sorry for me , I'm getting drunk\ 
But I'd much rather be somewhere with you 
A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts , oh no I’ll sell them for a dollar \ 
They're worth so much more after I’m a goner\ 
And maybe then you’ll hear the words I been singin’ \ 
Funny when you're dead how people start listenin’ 
Thats the smell of < PROPFEMALE > m'lady 
but its alright now , in fact its a gas , but its alright , jumping < PROPFIRST > flash its a gas gas gas ! 
who wants to go to ihop with me and eat pancakes ? 
All that I know is I don't know , how to be something you miss . 
It's about time to get some toxicity out of my life ... i'm Sick of it all . I can only play nice for so long . 
tangerine , tangerine , living reflection from a dream 
My bad decision detectors are going off like fireworks ... think that stopped me ? haha whoops . 
Here's a bombshell just for you , turns out i've been lying too ;) 
“I don't care about three years ago , ... I don't care about two years ago . I don't care about last year . The only thing I care about is this week . \ - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 " 
Its do or die time baby ! Lets make those jets eat the turf under our FEET ! GO PATRIOTSSS !!!!! <3 
well , at least we aren't the giants ? ( no offense giants fans ) . but seriously . wtf . 
ugh snow , sleet AND freezing rain ? seriously ? is it summer yet ? this winter is too depressing . 
you know that i could use somebody ... someone like you . 
little miss down on love , little miss i give up ... 
i want you , i want you so bad , i want you , i want you so bad its driving me mad , its driving me mad . 
wooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh 
something 
what if my face had a face what would it be saying if my faace had its own face ? 
apparently umass doesn't like commuters ... idk if i'll go to class or not it is only the first day ... 
so who else is skipping the first day of school ? too bad I have work at 4 still :( 
when i'm alone , all by myself , you're out with someone else lovin ' , touchin ' , squeezin ' each other 
all youre ever gunna be is mean . 
back to bed for a bit .... 
class , class , gym , big y . Gotta get back in that rhythm ! 
you're a little late , i'm already torn ... torn 
i wanna go back to california . asap . 
i was a dreamer before you went and let me down 
don't speak , i know just what you're saying , so please stop explaining , don't tell me cus it hurts . 
new office !!!!! yahooo !! Then i gotta do hw :( 
lmao . < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > at the skating rink . 
Did some things you can’t speak of\ 
But tonight you live it all again\ 
You wouldn’t be shattered on the floor now\ 
If only you had seen what you know now then 
once ur too far gone theres no looking back . 
3 days off .... excellent . 
dont let the days go by , coulda been easier on you you you , glycerine . 
i'm just learning how to smile , thats not easy to do , i know there will come a day when we can leave and just run away . 
gather up your tears , keep em in your pocket , save em for a time when you're really gunna need em 
dying all the time , \ 
lose your dreams\ 
and you will lose your mind 
I know , right now you don’t care \ 
But soon enough you’re gonna think of me \ 
And how I used to be 
has been going about 2mph all the way down bridge rd . not even exaggeratting . good thing i \\nleft an hour and a half early . like wtf ppl learn how to drive . 
fuck organic chemistry . its the second class and i have no idea whats going on ... even if I was fully paying attention . I wish I could understand what my professor was saying . My favorite word she says is \Akohow\ " ... lol " 
still my guitar gently weeps 
if I lay here , if i just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
tempted but the truth is discovered 
You know theres always more than one way\ 
To say exactly\ 
What you need to say\ 
Was I out of my head ? \ 
Was I out of my mind ? \ 
How could I have ever been so blind 
She took him faster than you can say sabotage\ 
I never saw it coming , wouldn't have suspected it\ 
I underestimated just who I was dealing with\ 
She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum 
i throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying aayyyyoooooo gotta let goooooo . 
When this road gets crazy\ 
And tries to break me\ 
And I've had all I can stand\ 
I can close my eyes no matter where I am\ 
And just be still <3 
But I'll be alright , as long as there's light from a neon < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ugh i ate WAY too much yesterday . fml . 
I like comparing transcription to a cocktail party . Better kick the repressor out so we can all transcribe ;) 
Life until saturday night : lab , exam review , livestock classic , study , classes , work , study , class , exam , nesa .... and fafsa somewhere in there too . oy vey ! 
SO MANY FLASHCARDS . SO MUCH INFORMATION . 
Baby you're a firework , go on show em what you're worth 
yawn . 
5'-CACTACGGACTAGTCCATATCCGGATG-3 ' 
ugh , studying nutrition probably into the wee hours of the morning . 
All you are is mean ... and a liar , and pathetic , and alone in life and mean ....... someday i'll be , living in a big old city and all you're ever gonna be is mean . 
I think I have finally realized a huge truth that I couldn't seem to believe , and it feels good . :] 
This = me , completely over a lying bag of shit . :-) 
I cant stay awake to study orgo . I keep falling asleep on my book :( 
I look at the world and I notice it's turning \ 
While my guitar gently weeps \ 
With every mistake we must surely be learning \ 
Still my guitar gently weeps 
Finally realizing i deserve WAYYY better than him . :) 
< PROPMALE > tickets came in the mail and i just ordered my country mega ticket ! Summer can't get here soon enough <3 
pounding back a coffee so i can spend another night up late studying . ack . This semester will be the death of me ! 
I just need to get through the next two days , then maybe I can have a break from studying ? orgo on the brain until further notice ... 
You better be careful what you say it never really added up anyway , I got friends in this town , hey white liar the truth comes out a little at a time and it spreads just like a fire slips off of your tongue like turpentine , and I don't know why , white liar 
.... still studying .... screw you orgo . 
I finally got to sleeepp !! rejuvenated and ready for some actionnn ! 
Ah caught you smiling at me , \ 
That's the way it should be , \ 
Like a leaf is to a tree , so fine . 
Threat level midnight . haha 
Smile though your heart is aching\ 
Smile Even though it's breaking\ 
When there are clouds in the sky- You'll get by 
But I hope I can find the words to say ... never again , no , no never again ... 
let me sleep all night in your soul kitchen 
< PROPFEMALE > michaels just whooped my ass in 20 minutes . daammnnn . it'll be worth it :) 
you can't hide you're lyin ' eyes , and your smile has been disguised , I thought by now , you'd realize , there ain't no way to hide your lyin ' eyes 
We've all got flaws . 
Cowboy take me away , fly this girl as high as you can into the wild blue 
Lover , lover lover you don't treat me no good no more 
I like it when my professor blows her nose when shes wearing a microphone . haaa 
Who is justice beaver ? 
I've made it through the wilderness , somehow I made it thrOUUghhh 
im too everything right now :) 
\partys are confusing . \ " hahaha " 
gimme one reason to stay here and i'll turn right back around 
12+ hours of sleep ftw ! off to NH for the day ... 
just gunna stand there and hear me cry , but thats alright because i love the way you lie , i love the way you lie ... 
hit me baby one more time . 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . \ 
Watch your words ; they become actions . \ 
Watch your actions ; they become habits . \ 
Watch your habits ; they become character . \ 
Watch your character ; it becomes your destiny . \ 
—Lao-Tze 
I'd rather be hated for who I am , than loved for who I am not . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Cobain 
only the coolest people drink in-between classes . 
So I was stumbling around the internet when a < PROPFEMALE > came up that said \You're probably supposed to be studying\ " and gave me music to study while listening to . I'll take this as a sign to stop procrastinating . " 
WTF < PROPFEMALE > chen ? You CRAZY . 
successful day . now I need to study . Damn you nutrition , cell&molec and micro . DAMN YOU TO HECK ! ( ps - did you know that fuck + hell = heck ) 
though I try to hide it , it's clear , my world crumbles when you are not near 
I find you absolutely RIBBETING ! hahahhahaaaaaaaa 
if you dont get drunk off my kiss , if you think you can do better than this , then i guess were done , lets not drag this on , consider me gone . 
I have a feeling that even with the studying I'm gunna do , this is going to be an EXCELLENT day ... love starting my days this way :) 
\You keep on using this word \ " jabroni\ " and ... it's awesome . \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
stressed to the point of tears . nice to know that absolutely no one could help me out . ( thanks to those who tried tho ) . fuck big y . 
energy drink : pounded . Coffee : drinking currently . Studying until I crash/die ... whicheever comes first . 
but i dont wanna study anymore :( 
why do you build me up , buttercup baby just to let me down and mess me around and then worst of all , you never call baby when you say you will , but i love you still 
does anyone else drive by a dairy and wonder how their barn is and what they feed and how often they milk .... haha i sure do . 
CINNAMON TOAST CRUNCH <3 and he's just not that into you . I'm definitely NOT studying tonight :) 
I hate you for doubting me . 
student + dying = studying . 
i feel like being completely irresponsible tonight . 
oh mirror in the sky , what is love ? can the child within my heart rise above ? 
All that I know is I dont know , how to be something you miss 
wastin away again in margaritaville : ' p 
only I would run into an over the hill birthday party at mohegan and get hit on by said 40 year old and near 40 year old men . c'est la vie ? 
\whered you get those suits ? at the .... toilet store ? \"" 
Traveling to west brookfield tomorrow to interview for an internship at a beefalo farm for the summer ! Hooray ! 
Really hoping that today is the day something goes right for me . REAAALLLLY hoping . 
oops ... slept through my alarm this morning ... 
What can you do when you're good isn't good enough ? \ 
And all that you touch tumbles down ? \ 
My best intentions keep making a mess of things , \ 
I just wanna fix it somehow 
Will be working with beefalo this summer ! CHYEA ! 
productive morning ... worked at the barn , FINALLY cleaned my car for reals , finally got the new battery in , < PROPFEMALE > michaels , anndd hopefully a walk on the bike path ! who wants to come with ? 
In your head , in your head , \ 
Zombie , zombie , zombie , \ 
Hey , hey , hey . What's in your head 
I have become comfortably numb 
But I'd much rather sleep somewhere with you .... 
Theres only 31 school days left + finals ! 
now you say you've changed your thinking , well i aint got a heart for breaking , so go and pick your bags up off my floor , cause love don't live here anymore . 
< is a worry wort . omgggg 
tell me why do I keep holding on , oh why do I keep staring down the barrel of a loaded gun , and tell me why can't I just let go , oh somebody knows , then tell me . 
my hatred for new england is at an all time high . 
OMG OMG OMG !! Can it be june 1st now ?? Got the apartment :-) 
blueberry , pineapple , avocado . 
and I don't know why but I just cant seem to get you off my mind ... 
I thought if I could touch this place or feel it , this brokenness inside me might start healing . 
I learned how to ride a horse tonight thanks to < PROPFIRST > Frelinger and her beautiful boy Jury !! <3 
I hate the way you’re always right , I hate it when you lie , \ 
I hate it when you make me laugh , even worse when you make me cry . \ 
I hate it when you’re not around and the fact that you didn’t call . \ 
But mostly I hate it that I don’t hate you . \ 
Not even a little bit . \ 
Not even close . \ 
Not even at all . 
not gunna lie ... i cried at the end of the office . 
Shearing at Hadley Farm 
And it's been awhile since I've gone and fucked things up just like I always do\ 
And it's been awhile but all that shit seems to disappear when I'm with you 
I'm a Joker , I'm a smoker , I'm a midnight toker , sure don't want to hurt no one 
\A dope trailer is no place for a kitty . \ " hahaha love bubbles . " 
somebody tell my head to try and tell my heart that im better off without you ... 
hold on baby youre losing it 
Run in the shadows\ 
Damn your love , damn your lies\ 
Break the silence\ 
Damn the dark , damn the light 
lie to me , I promise , I'll believe , lie to me , but please , don't leave ... 
stretched way too fucking thin . 
If I said I want your body now .... would you hold it against me ? cause you feel like paradise and I need a vacation tonight . 
