2009 started and ended with a bang . Aweseome friends and RU made this happen ! 2010 is going to be epic ! 

\ this is like the time Cookie monster went to rehab ... \"" 
is a sheet music addict . Despite having a mass amount of free music from the web , Rutgers music library , and previous owned works . < PROPFIRST > had the temptation to get 20 original , non watered down versions of < PROPMALE > Goodman charts with a reduced big band pian 
is planning a full fledged soccer game next Thursday at 1 . meet at the HS parking lot . comment if you want to play 
dam this weather , meteorologist are horrible at predicting the weather . no offense to < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > . 
soccer was amazing !! Got to do that again . Summer Drama wants to pay 35 bucks to play in the orchestra ! WTH they should pay me to play if anything . Its just not worth it . Private practice it is . 
does anybody own a volleyball net or a volleyball ? 
mild sunburn !!! 
Soccer game 6PM at SPHS . all is welcome to attend . 
Can't wait to get out of this town and go back to Rutgers . 
awesome week at the beach with friends , paid too much money for school books , and going to Dillons to check out mouth pieces for clarinet . 
great first day of school ; followed by a jerk driving a car in front of me on 18 , who decided it was a great idea to throw a pizza box out of a window going 60-70 mph . that pizza box , hit my car , and damaged a plastic cover of the wheel . What an ass whole . 
why does all my online homework this term use java . My laptop does not do java ! It cant be installed . back to the horrible home desktop and rutgers computer lab . 
turns out half of my AP Chem class for SPHS is in my organics class . And what the hell is happening at the entrance to rout 18 Cook . It keeps on getting worst . Especially with the way people suck at driving . 
Labor day in SP is just not the same with everyone being at college . 
Politics is a joke . How is this crap a subject ? Mikes long day of 4 lectures and 2 recs . was not as bad as he thought it would be . Maybe because everything is review . 
In Italian class , < PROPFIRST > has learned how to curse people off and watched a clip from family guy . Both were unexpected . 
is back to being in a symphonic band ( RUAS ) . first practice is today ! 
Italian class is like a game of charades . 
is missing out on a free trip to see Verdi's < PROPFEMALE > . Blasted genetics is same time . 
performing on stage is a drug . It's been way too long , I need a fix of that stage . 2 more months to wait 
Happy trick and no treat day . muhhahahaha 
did a freakin scissor kick playing soccer today . it was epic despite having absulutley no power to it and a lake of witnesses/players . 
Soccer game sunday at 2 . at the soccer field behind SPHS and in front of Spring Lake Park . All is welcome to come and bring friends . 
just got < PROPFIRST > Copland's Sonata for volin trascribed for clarinet by Copland . sweet ! 
Soccer game today at 2 . at the soccer field behind SPHS and in front of Spring Lake Park . All is welcome to come and bring friends . 
had a phenomanol weakend , now to be OCD about regestering for a chem lab . Aint Rutgers great . 
Soccer game tommorow ( saterday ) @ 2PM HS soccer field . Bring your friends ! 
made a minor missjugdment of character , turns out to be a big deal . 
is finally on Turkey Day break !! All is invited to Soccer game friday , check out event for details ! 
Happy Turkey Day , celebrating in the stands playing stand toons with family . Its what Turkey Day is all about ! 
Soccer game day !!! Everyone is welcome to play , going to be @ 2 by the SPHS and < PROPMALE > field with the baseball , football , and soccer field where everyone rain the half mile in 6th grade . 
turn out for the game sucked , had an awesome time anyways . thanks to my regular soccer crew . 
last two weeks of the semester ! time to spend all my printing money on music ! 10 bucks down , 20 more to go !! 
is exceted for his RUAWS concert , too bad the dress rehersal is the same time as SPHS concert . 
the lack of school work is setting in boredom already . All this freetime with bad weather and friends that are away . Hope the winter break is not like this . 
got into Microbiology !!! just need to get that bloody orgo lab . dam those pharmacey students . 
Things to do during break : < PROPFEMALE > with friends , compose music , learn more music theory , pratice instriment , look into investing recording equipment , get into orgo lab , clean room , and role the dice in the game of life . This is going to get messy . 
Orgo final was death !! 
Concert is cancled . :( 
gonna attempted to site read Debussy's Premier Rhapsody ... who ever said that a piece at quarter note = 50 is easy ... lol this is one hard as hell pieace ! 
Last final today !! Mi piace ! Passo la pausa con amichi . :) 
wishes he had a clarinet quartet to play with . 1 more player needed . 
apperantly yoga is going to be an olmpic sport . what ?!?! whats next tetherball , synchronized swiming , and octuplet tenis ? LOL 
Happy Hollidays , < PROPFEMALE > chrismtas/ filice vacanza , buon Natale 
loves this warm weather ! perfect for a soccer game !!! 
reletives coming over today , putting the never ending friend parade on hold . 
Happy New Years ! 
is sick for the second time within weaks . < PROPFIRST > hasnt been majorly sick in 6 years , wth is going on . 
\great men are'nt born ; they are cornered\ " - Acording to < PROPMALE > " 
\whats is an arpeggio ? \ " \ " BORING \"" 
semester schedule posted in box tab , still hoping to add orgo lab to it . Couldnt fitt symphony band in , so I'll be doing RUAWS every other saterday 10- 12:30 
last weekend of break !! gonna be epic . gaming with Hartmen , bowling tonight with McCarthy and Teller . More gaming saterday with Stillwagon & Seibiscut ! 
GOT ORGO LAB ! schedule updated in box tab . 
likes how theres a picture of a dead pig on the micro sakai site . Guess the microbes got him :) 
back to classes at RU 
RU has a trip to Wicked April 10th !! Im there ! Allowed to bring 1 guest for reduced ticket price ! Comment if you want me to take you . ( you buy your own ticket though ) . Ticket price is yet to be determined , usually its a good deal ! 
lots of reading to do , a prelab , and 2 webassigns . Hanging out with friends this weekend ?!? doubtfull , but hoping ! 
is reminded why SPHS people piss the hell out of him , was having such a good couple of years too 
Orgo lab was boring with people that are a lot of fun ! Concert Band tonight , WOOT . and < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch that will not stop bitching , just forgetting about it cause I'm the bigger person and she means < PROPFEMALE > . 
been one hell of a long week , been fun ; and finaly gonig to enjoy a weekend ! 
RUAWS pratice was sweet ! doing movie theme ! The Producers , Shindlars list , Godzilla , Cartoon , 450 disney songs in one piece , < PROPFIRST > the fith , and Damn Busters 
actually has the afternoon free for friends !! 
long day , heres to the start of another long week . I am starting to see a pattern ... 
recrystallization lab yielded nothing .... seemed easy enough ... 
superbowl PARTY !!! 
Rutgers SEBS : School of Enviromental and Biological terrorisim Sciences . 
is upset , the Wicked trip is all sold out !! 
RU closed , who da thunk it . Time to shovel snow . 
Can't believe that even during a snow day all his time was spent reading and studying . 
Go USA and Italy in the Olympics ! Did anybody see speed skating finals ? It was sweet . 
loves the smell of < PROPFEMALE > acetate . They should make that a new fabreze smell . haha , NOT 
Would like to spend more time with friends , even though I probably spend too much time with them and not studing . 
Dude , theres a bunch of fire trucks and police cars around the block from my house . 
lab today was extremly long , good results . Time for the music of the night . Hope that we don't get a lot of snow . Makes commuting hell . 
Allright , classes canceled . A < PROPMALE > to catch up on studing and not just reading over the book one time . 
needs spring break ! 
my < PROPFEMALE > lost my formal lab report and is claiming I did not turn it in . She say's I will get 10% deduction for everyday late . BULLSHIT , I am fighting on this one . Handed her an email with it attached so its only 1 day . still , BULLSHIT ! 
Concert band is really bad .... 
NY votes for soda tax to raise prices and enduce healthy eating . HAHAHAHA , if NY wanted to get skinny they would volantarily reduce there demand for unhealthy foods . Changing the supply is not going to happen based on that vote . hahaha 
SPRING WEATHER !!! 
Out of tune and lack of thought was the way Concert Band went . < PROPMALE > complains that clarinets play louder above the octive ( is a REGESTER not an OCTIVE ) and there was a CRESENDO ! not that people in CB follow such things ... and the upper REGESTER is not LOUDER when controled . Alumni band I miss thee , soon will be a GOOD rehearsal with thee . 
Spring Break is off to a wet start . 
new DSM . DSMV with predisorder syndroms . Just what phsycatrist need to make more money . 
SUN ! finally ! \Hier kommt die Sonne\ " - Rammstein " 
Soccer game this friday ( tomorow ) 10AM field by < PROPMALE > with 2 baseball fields , 1 football field , and a soccer field . All are welcomed . 
last day of freedom , wonder what will happen ... Hopefully something to do outside . 
tring to decide on which biotech eletive to take next sem . All the ones I am interested in I can't take yet . 
Wouldn't it be nice if every problem could be solved using math . 
Feels a million times better after rocking out last night ! 
why do people insist on sending me things such as : Save ____ , or Help _____ . those things are part of the solution . They go about it in such a round about way , and they serve based on emotional response not a logical one . Invest in eduction , don't through money at the problem . 
anybody want some slowly oven roasted < PROPFIRST > Oprysk ? 
got an awesome schedule for next sem ! 
done with orgo lab ! weds . are free 
if I removed everyone that I don't talk to or disliked ; I would be left with aproximatley 7 percent of my current friends list . 
crazy weekend , lo ' e stato stupendo . 
end of the semster = printing 750 pages of music 
Ag day was entertaining due to a puppy . Other then that , RU sold out to selling merchandise , lots of animal/other right posters , and folk music . Kudos for Designer genes for isolating DNA for guests 
Concert band performance this thursday , < PROPMALE > 8PM ; is free . Going to be a mediocore performance ; mild intonation issues with neglect to dynamics and nuances . 
NINETY DEGREES ! :D Alumni band pratice till 12 , OSCA BBQ , then chill with friends outside . 
been asked to join a clarinet choir over the summer !!! 
no more classes . 4 finals to go 
GOT A REASERCH APPIONTMENT !!!!!! :D FINALLY ! hope I get it !! 
sophmore year complete . Conquering summer boredom begins : friends , clarinet chior , sports , gaming , sketching , chess , movies ! internship ? hopefully .... 
Come see me in RUAWS concert today 8PM at \ 
< PROPMALE > . Check it out . 
got an appionment with a proffessor that doesn't use molecular bio or genetic techniques . boo ! gotta take what your offered ... 
5 hours of awesome tennis . now death .... 
Starting summer research this tuesday !!! 
Happy Schumann's bicentennial ! Celebrating by listening to his symphonies 
England vs USA 1-1 . USA got lucky 
kneaded eraser decided to stop working in a middle of a drawing . Now I have a half finished charcoal sketch 
Just when you think life can't get better ; it does . First Clarinet choir rehersal tonight ; can't wait ! 
Did you order some listeria with your food ? 
loving this weather 
lab explosion today 
Mi manchi , voglio vedere tu presto . Spero \ 
che stai ti divertando 
So manny things to plan/do .... Loving every moment 
No lab till friday ... dont know what to do with the free time . 
My music compositions are now posted on \my band \ " tab as synthesized audio mp3 . Special thanks to < PROPFIRST > C . P . Hartmann for technical expertise . Sheet music for it can still be found under my website link on fb " 
Intense Volleyball in the rain . Me and < PROPFIRST > Oppelt brought the storm down 
playing Brawl team battle with auto handicap against Hartman and < PROPFIRST > . Starting off with 50-80 damage . At what point does this become fair ? 
eyes STING from chlorine . First time in a long time that I did serious swimming though . Got my form back , couple more days I'll get my endurance back 
Yesterday was jammed packed . Serviced wooden clari , tennis , fam gathering , and party 
Ciao SP ! Sto andando < PROPFEMALE > spiagia e prendando di < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Everyone who is important is home for the week . day 1 with < PROPMALE > Souldier Hankins 
Weekly Schedule is back up in the tab \my courses\ " . goes into effect Sept 1st . Miscellaneous events should also appear if the app works as expected . " 
Amazing weekend !! Big Soccer Game , spent time with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > McCarthy . next day : followed by a game day ; movie with the favorite friend < PROPFEMALE > Partesi , and back to game/movie night with the guys : < PROPFIRST > Seigel , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > C . P . Hartmann . And about the movie , \Diner for Schmucks\ " is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time ! LOL " 
Went outside today when it finally stopped raining ! I've gone mad , I tell you mad ! 
\One\ 
< PROPFIRST > Kmita is in my nutrition class !! :D boy is the proff nuts . 
Nailed the Symphony Band audition !! Proff Bott asked me if I ever had private lessons ! and that was with 1 note taking up an overtone and 1 sloppy run . Wish he could of heard me play the hard part in Weber's grand duo . 
made symphony band !! on bass clarinet ? typo ? hope so , will find out soon . 
6 flags tickets sold out . disappointing .... 
quote of the day \This class will k i c k your a s s\ " biochem lab proff . " 
expected to get my bass clari tomorrow . but now , I am gonna be rocking the Bb ! 
Long day ... details in comment 
\Eyes with Pride\ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Parks " 
Thanks to my awesome friends who spammed my wall yesterday . :) 
getting the impression that music majors don't associate with non music majors . Good thing I like to perform . 
just sight read through < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > der Roost's Sinfonia Hungarica . WOW !!! :D 
Bet nobody can tell me what the Dixon cycle is . 
weekend killed by pymol , and still not done ... 
Night of Horror , comical . Morning sight reading of evil , minor , x-mass medley ; amusing . 
Time to finally meet Dr. Gardner . 
You all should go to Rutgers Symphony Band : Conductor's Collegium Concert , free at < PROPMALE > Music Center . 
gratziarebbe tutti amici per avete frequantate il mio concerto ; tutto uno lo . 
news crew came into lab today . and turns out I may have a scheduling issue ... 
did you know that DNA has uricil ? WOW ... good job nutrition professor 
nothing says Halloween like an < PROPFIRST>'s Family marathon . have a scary one . 
WOW , just WOW !!! ; the surreal power of music performance . December concert is going to be amazing !!! Proff Bott is truly inspirational : \The technique is subservient to the music ... \ " Proff Bott " 
When somebody mentions \cat box\ " and you think of the consensus sequence ; you spend too much time studying genetics . " 
check out my new score . listen to the MP3 , and follow along in the score . Comments are welcome . \ 
\ 
http://www.sibeliusmusic.com/index.php?sm=home.score&scoreID=163878 
You should come see me perform in RU Symphony Band concert this thurs . 8PM @ < PROPMALE > Music Center , Cook/Douglas Campus . Price : free . 
Concert was fun , thanks to everyone that attended . 
Life is like a box of reeds . You never know what you're gonna get . 
Pachelbel is following me . Can't get away . 
Finding writing for STAB limiting and challenging . Developing complex with a limited number vioces is difficult . Split parts ? sure ! I will conquer ! without piano ! 
MUSIC OBSESSION . somehow I find new music to use for my 700 free pages of printing .. but can never find the one piece he really wants . < PROPFIRST > Copland's Clarinet Concerto ... might as well just buy that one ... 
Done with classes . Now what ... 
