wonders how < PROPFEMALE > is doing ? 

finals already ??? Shiiiittt !! 
WooHoo finals are over !!!!! 
DO Be Do BE DO 
prays her < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be safe over seas .. :( 
wishes she could fly away right now .. 
has way too much on her mind !! 
is taking one step at a time .. 
is just happy 
doesnt even want to think ... 
is happy she gets to see her grandpa !!! 
is all smiles !! 
is going to go have a blast with her girly today in the sun !! 
had a freakin blast today !! 
feels like a total goober !!! and is proud to say that 
finally feels like shes on the right track .. 
wishes she was in san < PROPMALE > ... 
wants her loved ones to be safe .. 
has butterflies 
is doin good 
is so so so so excited , she can barely contain it !! 
is missin someone special ... :( 
cant wait for april !!! 
wants to be in san < PROPMALE > with the warm sun , nice beaches and a certain someone .. 
is payin a price .... oi 
needs to be in san diego ... now !! 
PLEASE READ : They are launching a massive search effort for < PROPFIRST > Dockery TOMORROW ( FRIDAY ) MORNING AT 7 AM AT ANNADEL STATE PARK . There will be more details at the vigil , but call < PROPFIRST > 707-228-6123 or Butters ( < PROPFIRST > ) 707-332-0006 for questions . We are meeting at the horse trailer parking off Hoen Ave in Spring Lake . P ... LEASE come ... if you can . Every person looking will help . Please repost . 
wants < PROPFIRST > to come home safely to his family .. 
Rest In Peace Sweet Justin ... you'll always be our light 
is missing San < PROPMALE > and all who was there .. 
nobody tells you how hard it is to tell your family , especially your mom that your joining the military and leaving for bootcamp after your birthday 
is now stuck between two military branches , they both offer great things i just need to figure out which one is right for me ... 
is still stuck ; navy or airforce ? navy or airforce ? my heads gonna explode !! 
ok for thos of u who dont know my phone is on the < PROPMALE > and not working right now , so no im not mad or ignoring anyone :) 
is hopefully gonna be able to fix her phone today 
is loving the warm weather !!! 
wants June to be here now !!! 
is tired as hell 
only one u can ever truly trust and depend on is yourself , and ive always believe that 
is waiting til friday ... :( 
he's finally home with me 
fells like her brain might explode ... 
is confused .. 
had an awesome time last night catching up !! 
just needs a sign 
got her sign ... and it said she got a new job !!!! 
had a feeling 
wonders how much smaller she could feel , in a world that she knew was already bigger then her . 
disappointed again 
lalalalala 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams , live the life you have imagined . 
Soooo excited to get pics done on thursday !!! < PROPFEMALE > 
got to talk to an old friend and is now very happy 
hates being sick , wants to lie down , but has stuff to do .. alright lets suck it up and go . 
fuckin stoked biking , swimming , and all this excercise is payin off :) 
life is tough , so you look up take a breath and keep on pushin through with a smile on your face and never let a negative thought go through your mind , cause if you do then lifes ' obstacles are winning . 
it sucks you can do so much good , but screw up one small thing and all hell breaks loose . yea im human and im not perfect so freakin < PROPFEMALE > me !! 
Got to see grandpa today ! I love when he can come and visit ! :) 
Goin to the club for my birfday ! I ve got the most awesome bff in the world , and thank u everyone for the bday wishes , im very grateful . :) 
never hold back because you might not get that second < PROPMALE > . 
never hold back because you might not get that second chance ..... that reality struck me yesterday when i met a new friend :) 
Im so glad that for once i did not hold back :) 
its a good day :) 
has been smiling non stop ... and absolutely loves it !! 
wants October to be here already ... 
grrrr i really dont want to be getting sick 
country music , perfect weather , good friends and the lake ... amazing day !! :) 
\Hey < PROPFEMALE > dont mean to freak u out but whats that exorcist light thingy blinking in the corner ? \ " < PROPFEMALE > its the computer ..... haha love my girly :) " 
He has me in a permanent smile 
why do deers feel the need to run out in front of ur car on a dark road ? 
Getting ready for an epic night ! Let the good times roll ! 
a month left ! < PROPFEMALE > ! 
busy busy week !! 
Busy friday ahead , recruiters , photoshoot , and softball game . Whoohoo :) 
thank u anny for an amazing photoshoot !!! you are such a sweetheart 
even though it's exhausting i love being challenged everyday , knowing that ill push through it everytime is success in its self , and im good with just that . 
lifes too short .... R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Depp 
Good day with my best friend in the world < PROPFEMALE > !!! Softball game tonight , we r gonna kill !!! 
Softball game was utterly amazing , got an ab workout just from laughing :) 
the trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it really was . 
I cannot say thank you enough to Anny to or < PROPFEMALE > Graves , these girls are absolutely amazing , and i am so appreciative of them :) 
Even though it had been awhile since I had seen you , you were Jenns and Stephanies best friend and a loving young mother whom i will never forget , Ill never forget all the good memories we shared , we miss you and r.i.p < PROPFEMALE > . 
after all that was said and done , more was said than actually done . 
well off to see my dad , and open up old wounds ... 
so far so good .. 
can wednesday just hurry up and get here ? 
good judgment comes from experience , experience comes from bad judgment . 
off to < PROPFEMALE > to see Duane !!!!... finally :) So excited !! 
why is it whenever i go to the < PROPMALE > airport im always delayed ? 
Things couldnt be better ... 
i feel like im going to explode with all this happiness !!!!! :D 
i am still in complete awe of how amazing one person can be 
If you have a\ 
wonderful husband , fiancé , or boyfriend that works hard to take care ofy\ 
ou and would do anything for you , then repost this as your status tog\ 
ive the honest good men out there the recognition that they deserve . B\ 
ecause great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ! ?... 
cookin dinner , carvin a pumpkin and goofin off with the boy , perfect night :) 
making the most of each moment left .. 
fighting to hold on as long as i can , wish i didnt hurt so much , but just shows how much is really there . 
to a a few ppl in the past thanks for makin me a fighter bet u didnt expect me to stick up for myself , well theres alot u dont know about me now . 
Go ahead keep pushin me , i gurantee you wont like the end result 
The person who says it cant be done shouldnt interrupt the person whos doing it 
and the walls came tumbling down .. at last .. 
opposition is just part of the adventure 
ever have those days where u wish u could just run away . Just for a little while ? 
minor bump but im good now . :) 
i really dont want to get sick :/ 
goin to see the family today !! cant wait , im so excited !!! 
cherishing each and every moment i have with my amazing family , they make me grateful for what I have in my life . 
Dear black friday , i dont care how good your deals are , you bring all the crazies and some of the rudest and most demanding ppl out of their houses , if you could cease to exist the would be greatly appreciated . Please and thank you . Love < PROPFEMALE > 
when stuff blows up in your face you seriously have to wonder whats in store for the future , cause it better be worth all the chaos . 
oh horrible days ... how i hate you . could be worse though 
I hope everyone has an amazing holiday , I love you all and you are all in my thoughts . 
you can judge the character of a person by how much they do for a person who can do nothing for them . 
When life gives you lemons throw them at the ppl who pissed you off 
phone broke message me if u need me 
San < PROPMALE > with the best friend ??? I think yes !!!! 
So many good things happening :) 
starting to have a little faith that the young kids can be honest and respectful , props to the young kid who cahnged my perspective 
If at first u dont succeed , then skydiving is not for you 
Been a topsy turvy day ... 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid ; just dont abuse the privilege 
Enjoying time with my crazy family !!! 
Who's ready for an epic night with old friends ?!! THIS GIRL !!!!! 
Its gonna be a good day 
Lots of thinking and planning to do ... 
all i have to say is wow .... definitly not in a pleasant way either 
sick today ..... no bueno :( 
The cutest 8 yr old boy came up today and asked me to marry him , with a flower in hand ... made my day :) 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 x the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2 x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire ... post . The man is still looking at his thumb . Re post if this made you laugh . 
You will forever be in our hearts and thoughts . Even though it has been a year now , feels like I saw you just yesterday . We miss you Mox . Rest in sweet peace < PROPFIRST > Dockery . 
He who speaks does not know , He who knows does not speak . 
just reprimanded a teenage boy for his pants hanging off his butt and lookin like a fool ... telling the younger generation to shape up .... check . 
Goin to the oakland a's opening game on friday ...... hell yea !!! 
Can't wait for the A's game tonight !!! Its gonna be a blast :D 
Damn you allergies .. 
