wants to grow 4 inches in the new year , even though that is highly unlikely 

ate too many Belgian chocolates , then some yellow cake with chocolate frosting ... eck 
seems like Muse is getting closer to joining Kings of < PROPFIRST > on the sell out bands list ... pathetic isn't it 
fuck you menstruation ! 
signed to acting agency :) yay ! 
Arctic Monkeys tickets are sold out :( 
registered for Glastonbury Festival tickets :) 
NYC tomorrow , which means Topshop & Vintage :) 
is in love with The Sartorialist book 
he said use it for now , because most of us have that book , hes gonna check though , i personally do not want to buy another book :( 
feels like going to the airport .... and never coming back here 
is in love ..... with those shoes 
is watching the awesome < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Project 
has to live in fashion siberia for a little bit longer .... but a little bit feels like forever 
\London is drowning-and I live by the river !! \"" 
is convinced 95% of people she encounters on a daily basis have no depth , curiosity , or intelligence 
is going to see Arctic Monkeys on Dec . 10 at Terminal 5 !!! Life is good 
is about to watch Lost In Translation 
blah . 
is uber nervous about the application 
misses Karolina , < PROPFEMALE > , and everyone else at Designer Loft :( 
is confused about everything 
two more days and I see geniuses at work ! 
still working on that sociology paper 
has never heard such amazing music , seen so many gorgeous boys , and spotted so many stylish people in one place ... until yesterday ! 
is nervous about the final today 
need to get tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Casablancas no matter what ! 
is free .... for a couple of weeks 
listening to some Bloc Party and Phoenix 
upset 
is applying to FIDM San Diego .... but hates beaches and pastels ? 
watching Skins 
It's On With < PROPFEMALE > is cancelled !, now she can go back to the UK where she's comfortable . she is simply too witty and mature for young viewers here . And she can actually promote real music that she's actually into ! 
marble cake :p 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody 
thinks Vampire Weekend and Sonic Youth are so pretentious it hurts . 
“I made no resolutions for the New Year . The habit of making plans , of criticizing , sanctioning and molding my life , is too much of a daily event for me . ” -Anaïs Nin 
Just realized why so many habesha people have \birthdays\ " today . Hahaha " 
screw < PROPMALE > , all hail < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > the real < PROPMALE > of rock & roll 
nervous 
still applying to schools .... london > amsterdam , learning fluent dutch will take up too much time I think 
And she's clinging to her nearest passerby , she's lost control 
needs HEAVY caffeine 
doesn't get what's so great about Halo ... possibly the lousy storyline ? 
just watched an amazing video on Marrakech , Morocco and realized that the people , music , food and overall culture resemble my own culture so much its pretty interesting :) 
essay 
indecisive 
confused . is wondering if Yves Saint Laurent is an okay person to say I want to spend a day with for my college essay . I mean , who else would I put ?!!! 
excited :) 
blueberry bagel & hot chocolate w/marshmellows . yum 
finally found someone to write about for my essay . I love YSL but I doubt the admissions people can appreciate his contributions to the world . seriously . 
is listening to Radiohead only for a whole week starting today . Eat that SPIN Magazine ! Lets see how many readers you keep ! 
confused 
electronic/ambient/experimental music is soooooooo underrated , its like each time I discover some unknown treasure I do not want to share ! 
contemplating going to nyc next week 
cause its a bittersweet symphony this life ... ahh love The Verve . 
can't wait for the Facehunter book to come out here 
hungry 
is curious about world of warcraft , people seem so devoted to it . 
ugly < PROPFEMALE > tonight :D 
thinks that chocolate rain kid is too cool to be famous . 
getting a new camera ... finally 
selling my Rayban Wayfarers ... want the Clubmasters instead :D 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Antoinette ... for like the bagillionth time . can't resist . 
not going to sell my wayfarers , love them too much 
I don't know anything about music . In my line you don't have to . - < PROPMALE > Presley . This line just makes me loathe < PROPMALE > more than I did before . if thats even possible . wanker . 
sleepy 
blah 
just bought a song recommended to me on itunes genius . literally just listened to like half of the 30 second clip and bought it . with my high standards thats saying something :D 
< PROPMALE > history notes 
this is like a flashback , this is like a dream , this is like all the things you can fit inside a memory . 
temptation , greets you like your naughty mate 
normal people ... why are there so many of them . the world spits on individuality and eccentricity . white picket fence ? no thanks . 
baby baby , ain't it true , I'm immortal , when I'm with you . 
food 
9/10 on < PROPMALE > history pop quiz woop woop . 
be your own hero , be your own savior ; send all your barriors into the fire . 
waiting patiently 
starving my brains out ... dinner time 
that tokio hotel lead singer has a smaller waist than me ... which is enviable yet slightly disturbing . 
Sia @ Terminal 5 in May :D 
last day of magic , where were you , my little tornado , my little co-co-caino 
loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
you're hiding from yourself , yes you are , yes you are 
why are we too blind to see that our souls are made of gold 
exhausted 
would love to have one of those three-title occupations that seem like a joke to most people : Stylist/DJ/Writer . at least I take those jobs seriously . minus the DJ . 
PJ < PROPMALE > music day 
r . i . p < PROPFIRST > McQueen , I love you and you have inspired me and will continue to forever&hearts ; 
thinks going for one class at 9:30 tomorrow is pointless , especially since it is inevitable that I slip on my narrow behind . 
I woke up on a bench on Shepherds Bush green Oh a candle at my chest and a hand on his knee 
is thinking Brighton :D 
My personality type is INFP : Introverted , Intuitive , Feeling , and Perceiving according to the Personality Test . Couldn't of said it better myself . 
Si Tu Pisses Partout T'es Pas < PROPFEMALE > du Tout 
MSTRKRFT 
could use a $500 itunes card right about now . and yes i would use it in one go . 
slipped on the ice this morning which was fun . i kind of wished people saw it and laughed . just so i can have an excuse to point out how hideous and bed-ridden their getups look on a daily basis . yes , i can be quite evil . 
Start wearing purple , wearing purple , LA-DA-DA-DA-DA ! lmao 
i'm not anti-social , i just don't find most people worth socializing with . 
Geek-Chic 
verrry sleepy 
Study shows that only half of young americans can find NY state on a map . I don't even want to say the statistics about knowledge of the world map . Isn't this a shocker . 
Berlinette 
oh , the memories ..... 
patiently waiting for that admissions decision .... sigh 
no class woohoo 
SXSW , Coachella , All Points West , Lollapaloza , Glastonbury , Leeds , Reading , Roskilde , and Øya Festival . Is it possible ? Hell yes . 
should be studying 
smitten :D 
should be fasting .... 
And the hand of the watchman . In the night sky . Points to my beloved . A knight in < PROPFEMALE > armor . 
watching Devil Wears Prada .... I probably know the whole script to this film 
gold lion's gonna tell me where the light is 
boy boy set me free , take me back to love and our history . 
< PROPFEMALE > flea market or brooklyn ?.... decisions 
need to finish this hippy essay so i can watch 500 days of summer :D 
confused . about everything . 
just realized i'm such a wallflower 
i need a < PROPMALE > Bass in my life . 
going to the Met . Museum of < PROPMALE > tomorrow to take pictures for < PROPMALE > History class .... then going to Soho for some Topshop :D 
CouchSurfing sounds just as exciting as it does dangerous ... i love it . 
People will only educate themselves on certain subjects when there is something in it for themselves . 
this waiting is making me go insane ... come on FIT give me a decision !!! 
Under Great White Northern Lights looks amazing :) < PROPFIRST > is a genius . and i don't say that about many people . 
They sent an application decision in the mail yesterday .... i'm scared . 
Bollywood & Turkish Music :D 
time to meet people on the same wavelength as me ... seriously . 
dancing at discos , eating cheese on toast , yeah you make me < PROPFEMALE > make me very very happy 
extremely upset , and feels like vandalizing that pretentious institution . but things happen for a reason .... assholes . 
is going to fail that test tomorrow 
I never know when you'll return , I'm in love with a robot 
got into a school , just need to know if i should switch my < PROPMALE > . would anyone seriously want to wear my clothing ? what the hell , i will just go for it . :D 
is feeling optimistic for once 
has the thickest hair known to mankind . 
Is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Johansson in person tomorrow night :) 
It was soooo difficult to contain my laughter tonight , oh my goodness , could i have been in a more hilarious/embarassing situation ?! oh wait , yes , I could of been at the seat to the right of me :D lmao 
reading Nylon while I decide where to go for vacation , harder than i thought . 
last night was crazy . if there is a fire in the subway , people should know better . 
after this , not looking forward to listening to the rest of the new MGMT album 
crossing my fingers that I pass this < PROPMALE > history test i'm taking in an hour 
relieved . it wasn't bad :D just got a bronze by standing outside for a good 12 minutes . yes , it's that simple for some of us . 
Days turn to nights , turn to weeks , turn to paper into rocks , into plastic . My material heart . How it keeps us apart 
confused . 
going through the catalog I got today and choosing fashion courses for fall . :) 
Decided to change my way of thinking , which is going to be so difficult . 
lo-fi :D 
No time for sad lament , a wasted life is bitter spent . 
reflecting 
staying in the city for my summer job .... but needs at least two roomies for less than 3 months . rent is becoming insane ! 
Is watching a documentary on Moorish Rule in Spain . Rule is an understatement , seems like the Moors created Spain . if you know what I mean . 
Mr. Lagerfeld is right , change is the healthiest way to live . 
exhausted . 
spark notes . there is no way I am reading the rest of that stupid play . 
Ugly < PROPFEMALE > finale :( 
Just hurt my head imagining that otherworldly creatures who must look so different that our narrow human minds can't grasp their appearances are wisely controlling our minds , while making us believe they don't exist . Yes , that is what a moment in my brain is like . 
till then i wasn't alive . i longed for you . like the lovesick < PROPFEMALE > , pulls the tide . so i ? peeled off my skin . i just slip right in , and i become alive . 
if you lack curiosity , chances are you lack many other things . 
Grace Jones rocks more than ever . she speaks the truth . one less person on the dark side . 
Sensitivity is my strength . 
One minute raves are brilliant . Copenhagen just won some more coolness points . :) 
Home wheel cyclones til your thoughts mine weapon death suit tropical design blade grammar death everbody run Some hearts beat , so do these Some sound ? can put tides in seas 
soooo tired . 
Cannot wait to have my long hair again . Can't believe I impulsively snipped over 7 inches a year back . Luckily monster hair that grows rapidly runs in the family . I will never ever ever ever ever cut my own hair again .... * pause * .... ok , i will still trim it :) 
hates the word ' tolerant ' . 
la mode la mode la mode&hearts ; 
parents who force their children to pursue a career for the sake of money , and their own interests , not their kid's , disgust me . no one has the right to control another person's life . you only have one life . why suffer everyday doing something you despise ? 
chocolate fudge sundae my sister brought me has turned into soup :( gosh i hate the heat . 
really confused . 
watching Saturday Night Live 
We are ALL immigrants in this country , and many came illegally , this isn't a new concept . Idiots . Arrogance mixed with downright ignorance is what it is . If we are preventing entrance , then all of the uneducated hicks in their trailers that do have illegal ancestors centuries back should get thrown out . Liberty , freedom , and change my ass . We are 200 years behind . 
almost done typing . the trick to completing a six < PROPFEMALE > paper quickly is to fill it with quotes that are each nearly a paragraph long . 
Creating my summer playlist 
is the only person who finds Zooey Deschanel obnoxious . 
4% of the population has my personality type . what a shocker :P 
The whole of next summer will be spent in Stockholm !!! Excited already . :) 
Should be studying ... 
selling my textbooks on amazon . 
headache :( 
staring is rude . 
planning on dyeing my hair silver . like a final fantasy character .... i'm serious . 
Bollywood & hearts ; 
Is fed up with educating people . I cannot express how TIRED I am of limiting what I can speak and dissuss with others , because I know it will be a conversation with myself . People who are worth associating with actually have something to contribute . Sadly , I haven't met a soul that embodies that in a very long time . 
who makes travel plans to three countries a month before they plan on leaving ? i barely have time to make up my mind to stay or go . geez . 
I'd rather dance , I'd rather dance than , talk with youuu . 
I & hearts ; Tavi Gevinson . How a 14 year old can be so beyond her years , profound , creative , witty , and articulate is astounding . Never have I seen even an adult , with that much insight , and even maturity . Grown ups like this are once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > . Let alone a little girl . 
And I have seen the sunrise over the river . \ 
The freeway reminding of , this mess we're in . 
Hogwarts , Hogwarts , Hoggy Hoggy Hogwarts , teach us something please 
it's sooooo humid :p 
If they kill off my < PROPMALE > , I'm going to stop watching the show . They can get rid of Humphrey though , she just gets worse . 
< PROPFIRST > Cutrone is the shit . 
hahaha , gold leggings for babies ?! jeez american apparel wants people to become hipsters before they can even speak . poor kids . 
this is what happens when you barely see your extended family . i feel awkward . 
very exhausted . 
To the lighthouse my friend\ 
I bless your words and education\ 
To the lighthouse my friend \ 
Just go , just go \ 
I'm sorry that you came to find\ 
Great great minds \ 
Against themselves .... \ 
Conspire . 
You must rise above the need to belong to someone . Belong to yourself , belong to your passions . 
thinks dancing with the stars is tacky . 
That Interview Magazine editorial with < PROPFEMALE > Werbowy was deeply disturbing . I'm speechless . 
cramps :( 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Barcelona , hope it's good . 
loved the film . woody < PROPFIRST > never fails . 
talking for the sake of talking .... i don't get that . 
that smoking baby freaked me out . 
loves time lapses 
make me laugh , and i will love you forever . 
Just watched a swedish documentary on Elder Native American Prophecies . It's captivating to know that these people who have experienced such evils , have kept their sense of spirituality and onneness with the Earth . Savages were what they were called . Well , they will have the last laugh . Humans are in deep shit . 
Can't waitttttttt ! 
Ahh why must MGMT be playing at Radio City ! Big venues never allow me to enjoy the gig . Too many crackheads and no intimacy with the band :( 
Stray cat meowing outside of my window . Can't sleep :/ 
Watching Ghost Hunters :P I want this job . 
Life is too important to take seriously . 
Watching The Office . I lovee dry humor 
hungryy 
you don't know a person well until you have traveled with them . 
archaeologist will be my side career . i cannot rely on biased history books , the view points i am finding online completely reveal how novelty has taken over truth , and just how complex world history/civilizations really are . i'm so fascinated to find out as much as possible . gives me adrenaline rush :) 
Thank goodness for my BS-dar , I can feel those types the minute they enter the room , as judgemental as that sounds it isn't . Pure intuition . 
That was unnecessary 
sleep . 
apartment hunting on craigslist . my paranoia is starting to kick in . 
light the bridges with the lantern , you know something's going to happen . 
erghhh answer the phone !!! 
cannot believe i didn't know Kings of Convenience were playing here two nights ago ... shit . 
changed my mind . about everything . why am i soooooo indecisive ????? 
When in doubt , wear black . 
without money we'd all be < PROPMALE > 
history is one part truth . five parts fable . 
Finally have come to accept the fact that Im not ugly after all . I'm marvelously average ! Average is the best , you are judged for your personality and nothing else :) 
“Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance . ”\ 
- Confucius 
Stop\ 
wearing those ceremonial Native American headdresses . You don't look\ 
\hippy\ " or \ " anti-establishment\ " . It is disrespectful 
watching england vs . usa , gee wonder how this is going to end . hahaha 
I want to laugh forever .... 
I got a date with the nightttt 
Germany vs . Australia . 4-0 . Cacau just scored . Funny how this is the only sporting event , and sport that I'm into . Well this and badminton , fencing , and ping-pong . Basically the only non-nerdy sport I watch . Haha 
Sketching a mini-collection . Listening to Alif Tree , < PROPFEMALE > Allien , Royksopp , < PROPMALE > Pallett , Imogen Heap , < PROPFEMALE > Bush , Traditional Turkish music , and other songs with heavy drums and horns to get more inspiration for the apocalyptic/scientific/tribal/dark warrior girl theme I just imagined . I am constantly drawn to dark , weird , philosophic subjects and ideas . Don't think I could ever design anything too feminine . Oh well ! 
He could of at least told me when he was leaving for London . Now I'm upset . And impulsive and reckless enough to just do it .... 
We live in a world where everything has a place , meaning , and belongs to certain boxes based on it's label . It's when we dare to define ourselves on our own terms individually that those around us are threatened . Slaves to the system is what they are . Living a dead life . 
Mmm vanilla < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats 
humidity :( 
????? <<< did I spell my name correctly ... can anyone actually read Tigrinya ? hard enough finding people who actually speak it . haha . i'm almost always the only person who speaks it in most situations with other habeshas . 
The Italian team's usual theatrics and drama didn't benefit them this time . 
sllllleeeeeppppyyyy 
Hahahaha that made my day :D 
Looks like next Christmas will be spent in London-town ! I will actually have time to visit Manchester for a weekend with < PROPFEMALE > this time , ah can't wait to go back to my second home , and see everyone :) 
finally !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't believe that was my dream . Hate that it wasn't real :p 
if\ 
you stop in the middle of a crowded street then i can't say i'm sorry\ 
for pushing you . as cruel as that is , i have somewhere to be ! 
Je ne suis pas sage\ 
Je suis très cruelle\ 
Mais aucun homme n'enrage \ 
Parce que je suis , très ... < PROPFEMALE > 
dislikes crude humor . it's the easy way out . how about being genuinely funny , without showing you lack empathy . no one wonder most people like it , sensitivity is nearly extinct . 
\How can any person justify\ 
isn't\ 
watching \The Last Airbender\ " film ... i mean are you fucking kidding me ? \ 
Cameroon vs . Denmark 1-1 so far .... 
Denmark wins 2-1 
Mmm vanilla yogurt with strawberries & blueberries 
Italy vs New Zealand 
Hasn't laughed this hard in forever :) 
Chile vs Switzerland 
Brooklyn . 
watching Coco Avant Chanel , without subtitles . 
hungryyyyy 
going out . 
The less you wear , the less sexy you are . 
based on the sorting hat quiz i'm a ravenclaw :) 
My hatred has it's limits , at some point it just turns into downright pity . And that's what I feel about you . I will spend the rest of my life trying to un-do the emotional damage you have caused me . Being family means nothing . So do you . You're dead in my book . 
USA vs Algeria ..... come on Algeria !!!! Lol 
England vs Slovakia 1-0 
delusions of grandeur . that's all it is , all lies . 
People wear liberalism as a sign of modernity , yet revert to ultraconservatism when actually faced with difference . Ironic isn't it . 
Italy vs Slovakia 0-1 
can't wait for fall to come 
Tokyo street style is so inspiring . Makes me want to hop on the nearest flight ... 
Wooow that was unexpected ..... 
“Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is . ”\ 
-Mahatma Gandhi 
waitinggg ..... 
Wishes she was at Glastonbury right now . 
Ghana vs USA . come on Ghana !!! 
Ghana won , gooo africaaaa !!! 
having an iced latte , while reading french vogue , while listening to blonde redhead , while watching a bbc documentary on the history of < PROPFEMALE > . yes , i can multi-task :D 
Germany vs England 2-1 
call me crazy but i liked < PROPFIRST > franco's < PROPMALE > exhibit . and not only because it's < PROPFIRST > franco :D 
Women dressing/acting like skanks is NOT feminism . Unless feminism means becoming a slave to the male gaze . The same one that has subjugated , demoralized , and objectified the female gender since the beginning of mankind . Skankism = self hatred 
interesting .... 
just reluctantly watched new < PROPFEMALE > . suprising how many outdated ideologies and stereotypes this < PROPFEMALE > myer woman managed to fit into these crappy books . and no , i'm not looking too much into it . it was blatantly obvious . if this were say , two centuries back , then it would make more sense . 
Giving up my cynicism for one week . This isn't going to be easy .... 
Sleeeeeepyyyy 
Is thinking . 
can't stop crying :( that was such an emotional , beautiful , and extremely sad film . i'm quite sensitive so i get touched easily . but this just impacted me in such a strong way . i guess that's a good thing . < PROPFIRST > pattinson is an amazing actor , who would of known . 
Spain vs Portugal 
Politeness is underrated . 
cute film :D \ 
i'm going outtttt 
A creeper keeps texting me saying he's my brother in law . Funny thing is I don't have one ... 
Most people are other people . Their thoughts are someone else's opinions , their lives a mimicry , their passions a quotation . ~ Oscar Wilde , De Profundis 
Come on Brazil !!!!! Damnit . 
WTF Ghana is out ?! The one < PROPMALE > for an African country to win ... grr . At least Germany is still in :) 
Kicking jeans out of my life forever . Just plain uncomfortable and unflattering , unless you're around 5ft 11 . Goodbye jeans . I won't miss you . 
Munching frozen strawberries while I watch wizards of waverly place . 
< PROPFEMALE > Coppola <3 
The streets of this city are melting 
Hope I come out of this sane . 
so hungry . can smell the aroma of pizza wafting out of the oven . 
Feeling kind of tired . Can't get off the couch ... drifting .... zzzzz 
she's electric 
Changing , once again . 
It's one thing when you don't trust the world . It's another when you don't trust your own family . Sometimes we must let go . Luckily that's not going to be a problem . 
want to get a new laptop for school but can't decide . leaning towards a < PROPMALE > ... 
searching for a flight . i can't decide which day to leave .... 
\Harry Potter is about confronting fears 
model spotting in soho has become a hobby . 
eating . then going out . 
Bed . 
Had another long overdue , intellectually stimulating philosophical discussion with my dad last night . We talked about everything from psychics , spirits , religion , the universe , paris , pharaohs , death , ancient civilizations , the church . Now I know where I got my curiosity from :) 
please don't tell me who i am . i define myself . no one else has that power . 
\The whole music business in the United States is based on < PROPFIRST > 
Reallyyy excited :) 
feels like laughing . for eternity . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Rubik's lisp . She's so cute . 
Wants to write 3 books and start 2 blogs . I have the ideas and big picture of each in my head . The hard part is organizing , deciding the details , and actually doing it . 
what a night 
Hahaha that was priceless 
I feel sympathy for people who go on cruises and use tour guides . They think they're real travelers . 
I spend 95% of my time in my own idealized dimension . Explains why I lack socialization skills ..... 
trying to be patient with everything 
eating frozen blueberries while watching letterman . 
should be sleeping . 
Walked across the Williamsburg Bridge to Brooklyn in flats that made my feet cry in pain . It was a million degrees and i had leggings with my shorts . \ 
These two hipster chicks stood in the middle holding donation signs . \ 
After my friend donated she found out the money wasn't for a cause , but \ 
for them . Apparently they needed cash ( not likely ) and were \ 
jobless . Only in NY . 
I know I look different . But that doesn't give people the right to stare and scan me like I'm\ 
some kind of extraterrestrial . If you're curious just ask ! Promise , I won't bite . 
Feels sleepy 
Heat wave 
Is becoming obsessed with Architecture . I've always loved it , but now I am becoming increasingly curious and excited about it . Hmm .... 
The neverending arrogance of humans is perplexing . Did it ever occur to people that there could be creatures with far superior intelligence ? Why would they arrive on a planet filled with people who's very nature is to fear what's different , let alone whats completely unknown ? Time will tell . 
Reallyyy wishes she was at Lollapalooza right now 
There's nothing I don't take personally . 
“Power is the ability to define reality and to convince other people that it is their definition\ . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Nobles " 
I'm not picky , just extremely particular . 
Hahahahaha . < PROPMALE > from The Office is my hero . 
Just got $840 in the mail from my tax return :) yay !!!! Now I just need to have enough self control to save it .... 
I wanna take your mind and soul . Right to the core , right to the bone . 
There's no one to impress but myself . 
Feels sorry for people who use skin lighteners . These people are psychologically brainwashed with deep-seeded inferiority complexes . To make matters worse many cultures use these products . Specifically in colonized nations(basically 75% of the globe ) and think it's perfectly fine . This isn't shocking . Just really sad . 
Regrets not trying to get in to see < PROPFEMALE > Castles @ Terminal 5 tonight . Darn it . 
Silence is as deep as eternity ; speech , shallow as time . ~ Thomas Carlyle 
Just got my ticket to see Klaxons @ Bowery Ballroom on my birthday . Excited :) 
doubt is such a powerful force . i have been carrying it around for the past couple of weeks . but now it's getting to me . all of a sudden i am not so sure about my decisions . i'm scared .... 
Morality is doing what is right regardless of what you are told . Religion is doing what you are told , regardless of what is right . 
The thing is I have no interest in people . I find most of them to be terribly boring , uninteresting , insecure , predictable , selfish , and judgemental . Ideas have more value to me . Interesting people WITH ideas .... I have yet to find even one of them . 
Can't wait for tomorrow :) Hanging around the < PROPMALE > from around 6 ' clock , so I can see the line progression . If I'm not front row I will be pissed . But being 5\2 ' means the tall douchebags must let me through . Bwahaha . I love tall people . Just not during concerts .... " 
sambusa <3 
Glee is the equivalent of Kidz Bop . Utter shit . 
Thinking . 
loves the feeling of finding out a class is cancelled . especially on a test day :D 
eating . 
Like this status if you're Habesha . 
It's almost here =) 
Sleep . 
fuck forever 
Brainstorming my fantasy/fiction novel . The characters will have this dark pinkish hair color . It may be varied . The atmosphere is quite warm , eerie , otherworldly , nostalgic , romantic , and slightly dark . I'm trying to figure out the general aesthetics/design . This world is unearthly , different to ours in it's physicalities and functions . But it's morals and values are entirely my own . Hmm ... 
Kat < PROPMALE > D scares me . 
in the next couple of days i will know my fate . this time i'm really optimistic . * crosses fingers * 
is waiting for her life to start 
It all makes sense now ! Fascinating ... 
HP7 ! I'm so excited . Hopefully this one won't dissappoint me . 
I got in !!! yayyy . Thanks to all the lovelys who wished me luck <3 
Thanksgiving . The most disturbingly ironic holiday . 
tired . 
you can tell a lot about a person by looking at their shoes . 
wants to go to the christmas tree lighting at < PROPMALE > center tonight , but is too lazy . 
A drug ring at Columbia University ... what a shocker :p Who knew a pretentious school filled with passionless bored trust-fund babies could ever be a hotspot for such behavior . 
\You don't have a soul . You are a soul . You have a body . \ " - C.S. < PROPFIRST > " 
Should be sleeping . 
Just ate some amazing Kitfo <3 
Tired but can't sleep . 
Sleepy . 
Is addicted to sugar . 
If all else fails I can always be a Monk . Yup , that sounds great . 
Ruhus Ba'al Lidet ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all the Habeshas , Russians , Egyptians , Greeks , Romanians , ( I think Croatians ) who celebrate it today <3 
Emmanuelle Alt is the new editor in chief . Yayy :) 
The new Strokes album will be out in March . Yessss . 
very tired 
Is happy :D 
Goodnightttt 
Has the travel bug . 
98% the recommended fashion blogs in the directory on Tumblr have nothing to do with fashion . Not surprising ... 
Watching the live stream of the Prada Menswear show . * Secretly hoping someone trip or falls * . Unfortunately that only seems to happen in the Womenswear . I know . I'm evil . 
Hopes the US version of Skins does shitty in the ratings and is canceled . I admit I watched the first 5 minutes . They played AC in the first episode * crying inside * . I know I sound like a whiny , pretentious music lover . I am . Hopefully no one cares enough to look up the band . Ugh , if you're going to fucking copy the same storyline then why not just air the original version ??? Jeez ... 
multitasking . 
\We’re all lonely for something we don’t know we’re lonely for . How else to explain the curious feeling that goes around feeling like missing somebody you’ve never even met ? ”\ 
Hungry . 
My mind won't let me sleep . Ugh . 
If you can't have taboo , socio-political , and deeply philosophical conservations then you aren't worth my time . Seriously . 
mmm brownies <3 
IQ tests are such a joke . Can't even begin to explain how bullshit they are . 
Sleeep :) 
Is snowed in . 
\Religion is for people who are scared to go to hell . Spirituality is for people who have already been there . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Raitt " 
goodnight :) 
Must see the Kills in April . They barely come to NY . 
Sending my love & blessings to everyone in Egypt . It's great to see people fighting for good revolution . Hopefully this will spread eastward . 
Feels sleepy ... 
Feels queasy . Drinking Perrier . Damn that chocolate cake :( 
Soooooo tiredddd . Night :D 
Has tan lines ... from August . I'm a freak of nature . 
Going out . 
I start more books than I finish . 
feeling moody ... 
\People like to think themselves superior and that if they can pride themselves in nothing else they can pride themselves on perceived purity\ " . - J.K. Rowling " 
Can't decide which film to watch . 
soooooooooo hungry . omg . 
is confused . 
Cramps :( 
Today was a good day :) 
Brrrr it's freezingg outside . 
Tired ... 
Fashion week is my < PROPFIRST > . And my parakeet . 
My figure drawing book just came in :) 
Forgot to eat . This always happens ... 
< PROPMALE > Jacobs was a disappointment . Nothing new ... 
Headache . 
Feeling optimistic . 
I'm thinking up some new designs and there seems to be a pattern . I have this obsession with fragility , imperfection , simplicity , femininity , movement , and modesty . It's like I don't have the capacity to create anything else . To be honest I am not the most visual person . But I doubt how I design/create is connected to that . Or is it ... 
Going to take a stroll to Starbucks to get an iced latte . The weather is quite nice . I was going to head back to NJ today , but the atmosphere is great . I just hate the wind :( 
Andrej Pejic has to be the most beautiful man I've ever seen . He's so androgynous , I don't even think he counts . It's like he's a seperate gender . He looks like he could be in Final Fantasy or any Japanese Manga . I say that about many Eastern European models but he's just unreal . He could literally live his life as a woman and get away with it . Fascinating . 
Exhausted . Going to take a micro-nap . 
Good morning . I mean afternoon ... 
“Minimalism is not about abandoning pattern or print . I see minimalism to be a philosophy that involves an overall sense of balance , knowing when to take away , subtract . It’s an indulgence in superbly executed cut , quiet plays of color tones and clean strong shapes . ”\ 
- < PROPMALE > Klein 
I'm so scatter brained . Jeez . 
This wind is scaring me . 
Crash Bandicoot <3 
Browsing on Amazon & Net A < PROPMALE > . 
Moody ... 
Hasn't slept all night . Drinking coffee at 10:30 pm isn't a good idea . 
Trying . To . Sleep . Haha it's 6:38 am . Might as well have breakfast . 
Thinking . And thinking , and thinking . I can't stop . My constant doubt will eat me alive . 
\Follow your inner moonlight ; don’t hide the madness . ” - < PROPFIRST > Ginsberg " 
All of the high-paying/demand college majors are the ones I would kill myself before studying . Engineering is the highest paying , and it's basically a shitload of physics . Omg . I SUCK at physics . It's utter nonsense . Medicine , Law , etc . Yuck . I would rather be poor than sell my soul . To think some people actually enjoy these subjects ... 
Just realized how late it is . 
“We are not human beings on a spiritual journey . We are spiritual beings on a human journey . ” - < PROPFIRST > R . Covey 
< PROPFIRST > Galliano . All I have to say is \In vino veritas\ " which is Latin for \ " In wine there is truth . \ " I don't find his statement shocking . I find nothing surprising anymore . Most people closet their sadistic and immoral beliefs . He was just saying what is on the minds of many people . People aren't who we think they are . This is why I don't trust anyone . Literally . " 
Sleepy 
Words can't explain my love for Coffee . It's almost sacred . 
< PROPFEMALE > hungry . I'm always starving late at night . 
My heart goes out to Japan . 
Sleep :) 
I don't \get\ " < PROPMALE > Jacobs . " 
What I just experienced was horrific . It was like everything around me was irrelevant and dead . I sunk into this deep labrynth of excruciating pain . Like I was carrying the unbearable burden of every human in physical pain at that moment . It was that fucking bad . I'm exhausted . I need rest :( 
Good night :) 
Skins Series 5 is pretty good so far . My favorite character is definately Franky . Probably because I see myself the most in her . Liv is the worst . Ugh . 
Grew like 2 inches out of nowhere . Yay :) I need any extra height I can get . 
chocolate chip < PROPMALE > grahams <3 
Hungryyy . 
Thinking ... 
The \elevator stare\ " is one of my biggest pet peeves . " 
Deleted my tumblr . I just feel it was becoming ingenuine and I know this sounds strange , but I felt like I was gaining too many followers . That made me feel like I was being watched and critiqued . I will start a new one and will post my own stuff and only follow tumblrs that I actually like . Which are very few . Hmm , I might make it all private . Idk yet . 
Trying to fall asleep . 
Tired . But cannot sleep . 
Doesn't want < PROPMALE > Tisci to leave Givenchy :( 
