we could have been so good together ... we could have lived this dance forever ... but now who's gonna dance with me ?... please stay .... ahhh stuck in my head .... go away ... sleep ... cleaning tomorrow ... 

im ... and ... but ... then again ... aghhh ... idk ... 
... arghhhhh 
idk it doesnt even matter b/c i dont care 
w/e fml see if anyone cares see if the world would be different just wait and see ... even though you dont have to wait ... 
i think to much but it useless thinking 
:( 
the only the thing that makes me happy is listening to your voice ... haha ... thats just weird ... 
ughh wtf new liner on the pool this is gonna suck i dont want to puit it up :( 
work all day tomorrow ... bleh ... then party all weekend ... grounded after that ... w/e ... i cause to much trouble ... 
my mind has gone away for awhile and i've seen some pretty interesting things ... 
haha your mom ... idk ... having barely any funn at my brothers grad party oh well its not late yet so w/e 
ahh 3 more days ... 
im gonna break your little heart , watch you take the fall , laugh it all the way to a hospital because there is nothing surgery can do , im gonna break your little heart in two ... yeah that's what im gonna do ... 
so i got a phone yay my number is 4405204491 text me w/e 
work then party work then party work then party all weekend ... oh so much funn 
w/e i dont know im at work hopefully going somewhere funn today 
you wish you were famous , one day you'll have to let it go , one day you'll have to stand up on your own and never forget all the feelings and the day they stopped ... 
lol one week yess then another week later its even better im gone for a month the world awaits me here i come Europe ... text < PROPFEMALE > 
lol happy fourth of july im bored and im leave in nine days woot im < PROPFEMALE > excited europe here i come <3 
haha idk im so tired i wouldnt know where to begin packing ... sigh ... 
hahaha I love you forever forever is over pwssh hahaha im leaving in 7 days im gone for a month ill miss the usa i will 
haha yaya im so outta here i leave so soon ill be gone for a month europe is gonna be amazing woot when i come back ill be at band camp oh nooooo lol <3 
yayaayayay so excited for europe only 20 hrs wooooot 
hahaha im in gernamy and its alot of fun i wish i had a phone that works lol 
lol im leaving tomorrow wish i could stay longer germany is funn 
i feel like im never comming home oh nooo 3 more weeks maybey more idk its a long vacation and im more than half way around the world yeah so not cool i miss home ;( 
haha i gots two cats one named tigar and one named < PROPFIRST > i think im allergic bahahaha i dont care 
haha im in europe and going to a huge pool later but im really bored and the laptop is going to die arghhhh 
im in serbia and im bored ..... im going to zlatibor tomorrow .... swimm time ... 
im going to zlatibor with my cousins today ... funn .. <3 ... miss ... 
hmm ... thats just the way things are ... i want everything i cant have ... 
i dont get y people wear sunglasses inside where there is no sun i just dont ??????? r u retarded and you think nyou see the sun or are you just trying to be cool when it doesnt work b/c there is nooooooooo sun indoors WTF ?!?!?!?!?! 
hahaha lets turn this up a little bit louder and keep singing a long as the night gets longer ... these are the days we will always remember chasing the night to make our days better ... Every Avenue 
haha well going to go on a train ... lets see how that goes ... i might get sick ... :( 
hmmmm ... i dont know ... i have disconnected myself from the world ... im so tired ... funn night ... 
lets turn this up a little louder keep singing along as the night gets longer ... stay out all night ... smile ... forever ... 
im comming home ... 
inside i hope you know im dying with my heart beside me in shattered pieces that will never be replaced ... caus i will always remember you now as you are right now to me-Mayday Parade 
We're getting higher every time that we love A little closer to the things we fall back on If you come over , then together , willing We'll take over the world-Alex 
umm its gross outside ... 
.... i hate kids who whine about how their food is ... they dont know anything ... i hate kids who whine .... 
sooooo im bored ..... and ohio sucks ..... 
cant stop wont stop i must be dreaming ... 
i wish i had the words to say what i wanted im sorry but the world would have to understand ... im sorry ... im going to band agian what a drag .... NOT .... I LOVE BAND .... lo9l 
... 
ugh i hate to say we have school on wednesday but oh well i did .... going to the dentist im going to dread it .. ugh ... 
... soooo there is thing called school and i hate it .... a lot .... oh well its life .... 
You had me hanging on your last word and now I'm feeling a little less than trusting you had me wishing we were something but left me here with a whole lot of nothing ... hmmmmm 
wooooooo ... idk ... 
yeah your that guy i'd be stupid to trust ... 
owwwwwww ... 
WTF ????? ARGHHHHH .... 
As hours move to minutes and minutes take longer to break i will be desperately awaiting but my tongue won't fall apart and we've been sitting here for hours all alone and in the dark so let me think of how to word it is it to soon to say ' perfect' ? if I could find another thirty minutes somewhere I'm sure everything would find me all that's left is just to sing and I'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof ... 
yay my brother coming home and to the football game ... band ... party ?... sleep ... work ... 
nooo .... just not cool ... just not fucking cool at all ... 
sideways is always better ????... 
seriously .... wtf .... 
And please don't tell me that I'm dreaming When all I ever wanted was to dream another sunset with you If I roll over when it's over I'll take this Cali sunrise with me And wake up with the fondest memories .... -Mayday Parade 
.... i have no idea .......... 
¿pu ?? ? no ? uo s' ???? hahah im upside down 
w/e .... hw .... bed ... school .... ppl .... ugh .... home ... eat .... band .... party ????.... 
If you stand close enough to him , you can hear the ocean .. 
hey ! get get get get get over it hey ! 
hmmmmm band ... 
omg im done with hw .... thats never happens 
i took a nap and still feel tired i talked to people yet still feel lonely i feel sad so i tried being happy but it seems as if what ever i do i cant be in a good mood ... 
hmmm busy busy weekend band , work , band , then work again the b-day party then sleep and school ... yay 
House is on tonight at 8 for 2 hours YAY ! 
i wish i has words .... 
ok ... why must there be nothing absolutly nothing to do in ohio .... grrrr 
GLEE !!!?!?!?!?! 
idk ... choir .. sleep ... no school ... band ... party ... work ... party ... work agian ... party more .... my birthday ... yay ... 
its my birthday ... yay ... thx for all the birthday wishes ... had and ok weekend ... not excited for school ... zzzzzzz 
yay House !... jack has orange pants and i am really scared ... i almost bought the same color shirt ahhhhhh ive gone mad ... mines pink .... : ?... captin hook .... i dont like dancing .... i had a bad day ... really bad day ... 
All in all You're no good You don't cry Like you should Let it go If you could 
hw ... shower ... glee ... sleeep ... school ... grrr ... in a bad mood ... 
And maybe its true , that I cant live without you well maybe two is better than one theres so much time , to figure out the rest of my life and you've already got me coming undone and Im thinking ... ohhhh i cant live without you ... -Martin 
im tired ... i have band ... its raining ... this shall be intresting ... 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't . And beleive that everything happens for a reason ... if you get the chance-take it ; if it changes your life-let it . Nobody said life would be easy they just promised it would we worth it ... 
Forget about the people from the past , there's a reason they didn't make it to your future . 
band practice tonight ... show tomorrow no school friday then football game weeeeeeee fun fun fun ... 
made a fire cuz its cold no band tonight ... got things to do and then tv and sleep yay me .... =) 
ahhhhh .... 
why do i care ... why does it matter ... the question is always why why why .... arghhhh 
House <3 
burr im cold ... 
ugh i hate auditions but it doesnt matter what chair i get ... 
... bleh ... 
sleep ... no school ... idk what ... -) ... im an alien ... 
some much going on at once i cant seem to begin or finish anything ... 
:-/ 
ewww 10 dead bodies wtf people are just sick ... 
Def Leppard ... yay ... =D 
FRINGE =D 
eating waffle crisp =D 
where were you when i needed you most ... =O 
soooooo bored ... 
HOUSE ... tonight ... =D 
wtf ... idk 
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out ... =D 
usdibfjhbfgefhbgefhiavgbdsfbjhiwrbfg 
be happy :) and make everyone around you happy :) ... hahaha 
slava 
sometimes i wounder ... 
cant wait till next year ... 
dooobedooobedoobedoobedoooobedoooo 
finishing hw then gotta be at < PROPFIRST>'s house .... erggg .... school tomorrow dont wanna go ..... oh well i get a three day weekend 
ahhhhh ... idk what wrong with me .... pep band ... alex's house me thinks for dinner with his family ... weekend ... finally ... busy busy ... 
well i burnt my hand ... owww ... i have back pain ... docters all tomorrow ... no school for me ... :( 
burr im cold ... its only going to get colder ... :( 
i made cookies and left them in the oven ... so now they are really burnt but look like chocolate cookies ... hehe ... oops 
BAND CONCERT !!!!... its cold ... and windy ... burrr .... 
ummmm ... idk .... :( 
i <3 pistachios 
ahhhhhhhhhhh .... break ... now ... 
meh ... one more day ... 
watching pirates ... arg ... such a boring day ... 13 day till my Christmas ... mehhhhh ... hopefully getting new phone ... 
Don't stop believin ' ... Hold on to that feelin ' ..... i gots it stuck in my head ... 
RIP-Jimmy ' Rev ' Sullivan ... and three other people this past week ... funerals ... :( sigh ... sad week ... anyways ... sleep ... work ... happy for the new year .. i guess ... and its cold ... :( 
omfg i cant believe that the Cardnials won .... the worst game ever ..... ahhhh 
I remember every look upon your face the way you roll your eyes the way you taste you make it hard for breathing ' cause when I close my eyes and drift away I think of you and everything's okay i'm finally now believing that maybe it's true that I can't live without you maybe two is better than one ... <3 Boys Like Girls ... 
??? this is my background music , not my fault you cant hear it ??? 
According to you I'm stupid , I'm useless , I can't do anything right ... 
We could all take a lesson from crayons : some are sharp , some are beautiful , some have weird names , and all are different colors , but they still learn to live in the same box . 
cleaning all day and watching HOUSE tonight ... grrrr i actully want to go back to school ... 
gjogfjiosbjosfnbjodgsnopnrgtnj ... really ??!?!?!?... i hate you ... :P 
Sometimes I wish I could save you and there're so many things that I want you to know I won't give up till it's over if it takes you forever I want you to know that if you fall , stumble down i'll pick you up off the ground if you lose faith in you i'll give you strength to pull through tell me you won't give up cause ... I'll be waiting if you fall oh you know I'll be there for you ... ? 
hahaha so immature ... ohhh when will you learn to grow up ... 
... mehhhhhhhh ... not a very good day ... not a good week ... just nothing is going well ... sigh ... 
We'll write a song that turns out the lights when both boy and girl start suddenly shaking inside don't waste your time speed up your breathing just close your eyes we'll hope it's not for nothing at all ... <3 We The Kings 
its snowing ... like ... dislike ... idk ... all i know is that its cold ... and im stuck at home on a friday night ... :( 
Use me as you will pull my strings just for a thrill and I know I'll be okay though my skies are turning gray ... I will never let you fall i'll stand up with you forever i'll be there for you through it all even if saving you sends me to heaven <3 
sigh .. worst week in a long time ... hopefully snow day so i dont have to deal with you and your stupidity ... grrr ... hopefully the weekend will be better :/ 
dont regret something that made you smile :) 
sdjkbfhiefbgjlabvsfhbfsdjibfsfbgfjb .... what a day ... glad that tomorrow is friday !... ughhh i hate valentines day ... ewwwwwww ... and then three day wekend ... :) 
Too often we don't realize what we have until it's gone . Too often we're too stubborn to say , sorry , I was wrong . Too often it seems we hurt the ones closest to our hearts , and we let the most foolish things tear us apart . :( 
? ? It's like an angel came by , and took me to heaven cuz when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better so let the music it blast we gon ' do our dance praise the doubters on they don't matter at all cuz this lifes to long and this love's too strong so baby know for sho ' that I'll never let you go ... oh noo ? ? 
i smile so that noboby knows that there are tears under it all , i laugh so that people never know that anything is wrong , i joke so everyone thinks that im over it ... i dream of the things i wish to come true , who knows maybe if i dream hard enough they might ...... life is short so live for what you have cause this is pretty much how i live my life ... and everything is okay :) 
IM A CRAB !!... thanks .. lol ... tonight was somewhat fun ... i got to see you and that all that mattered :P <3 my crazy friends forever 
that moment only happens like everytime i see you ... hahahahaha SHUT UP !!... i dont wanna talk to you ... all you say is blah blah blah and i just laugh cause those words are pointless ... just like your life :P dfhkjdsfbndjkfucksfvbkjvbds oooppps there i go agian rambling just like you ... hahahaha 
I love the way that your heart breaks with every injustice and deadly fate Praying it all be new and living like it all depends on you Here you are down on your knees again trying to find air to breathe again And only surrender will help you now I love you please see and believe again 
what a aweful day ... sigh ... band concert tomorrow .... no school friday .. but iceskating and probably < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ... it will all be better this long weekend :) 
band concert tonight :D hahaha such a good day and this weekend cant get any better lol ... it could ... but i like it the way it is right now :) 
ohhh my goshh < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland was sooo good in 3-D lol had a great night .... though i kinda feel down ... sigh ... shopping tomorrow ???... at least i hope :D 
hahahahah ... SPOON !.. lol < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland was amazing in 3-D ... lol i forgot to do webassign ... oh darn .. well shopping tomorrow ??... and cleaning ... one month till florida :D 
if they only knew ... hehe ... well somehow i forget a lot of things ... ohh well work tomorrow and hopefully going out tonight :) 
:/ ahhhh i have to go to the docter/hospital ... sigh owww lol there is way too much wrong with me ... SPOON ! and seriously almost everyone at one point creeps on facebook ... lol ( squishy ) hehehe going out to eat later with people ... ummm yeah ... -I've only got forever and forever is fine <3 
You walk into the room and I I , I-I , I , I , I-I , I . I wanna tell ya , tell ya , but I just can't speak this shouldn't be so difficult . Why-y . why-y-y-y-y-y , tell me why I see you and I just can't breathe . -The Friday Night Boys <3 
You set me up and that was my mistake and all I got was permanent heartbreak damaged beyond repair I was , I was much better off before I met you ... hahaha :) <3 Melly 
haha great weekend ... and no homework this week ... that means more time for running :) 
arghhhhh .... i really feel like punching someone in the face ... grrrr this week is insane ... well 20 more days till florida sooo its all good :) 
I feel these four walls closing in face up against the glass I'm looking out , Is this my life I'm wondering It happened so fast how do I turn this thing around ... all I want is the wind in my hair to face the fear but not feel scared ... wild horses I wanna be like you throwing caution to the wind , I'll run free too ... wish I could recklessly love like I'm longing to I wanna run with the wild horses <3 
sigh .. its been a long week but well at least tomorrow is friday ... :/ 
ok ?... :/ 
umm ... that was a very unessecary day ... ughhh ... cant wait for tomorrow cause marching band !! and less than two weeks till florida !! =D 
Everybody needs somebody sometimes ... everybody needs somebody on their mind ... hehe well good day but everything will only get better in like 12 days florida <3 
As long as I'm breathing , I love you to death ... wahhhhhhahaha - < PROPFIRST > was here =P and loves melly <3 
what is this nonsense .... i think its called snow ... wtf ??? 
How do I say goodbye to what we had , the good times that made us laugh outweigh the bad , I thought we'd get to see forever , but forevers gone away - it's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday 
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... idk .. but i wish i did :/ 
lol so if i threw a rock at you would you defend yourself with paper ??... hahaha and only 5 days till im out of ohio and into the sunshine sate :) 
really ???... you have to be that much of a *** hole ... wtf ... go f *** a duck ... ohh my ... i havent acconplished anything in my busy life for me to waste my time talking to you .... arghhhhhhhhhhh ... i need to get packin i leave monday :/ ... i love my wife <3 melly 
LHaha you cant foget the monster in your bed ... ohhh noo be careful they would love to eat you ... hahahahah i love < PROPFIRST > you always make me laugh =D on my 
Lway to florida and another 17 ? hours ughhhh 
ummmm I don't think I can put onto words what's on my mind ... :/ 
ummmmm soooo idk I have a headache don't know where my mind is and I wanna go somewhere very very quiet ... sigh ... but there is nowhere I can go :/ 
I never ended anything I just tried to make a new beginning and you just couldn't see it :/ 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night skies are like shooting stars .. i could really use a wish right now ... 
i ... am ... tired ... need ... weekend ... NOW !... hahaha \RAWR ! im telling you zombies and monsters sleep in your bed when im not there\ " - < PROPFIRST > ;) " 
So baby keep my heart beat b'beat beat beating , and the soul reason I keep believing , that we're gonna die like this you know , oh oh oh ...? 
i am crazy and think im way to hyper ..... ahhhhhh squrriel ... haha had a surprisingly good day and have a new favorite song thanks to < PROPFIRST > <3 itttt ahhhhhh and i think im in love with highlighters ???... cant wait for the weekend ... NOT ... i have to work everyday ohh well .... text meeeee .... YEAH ! =D 
all I wanna do is sit outside and hope for more rain cuz I love the way it smells =D 
ohhh this may be the best summer of my life ... i cant wait any longer till i get to see everyone ... so lets fast foward to summer and then slow it down when you reach the last day of school ... thx :) 
Life is a mystery , everyone must stand alone . 
cant focus and cant think straight ... wahhhhhhhhhhhhh 
is sitting outside thinking ... sigh ... I might just fall asleep and wake up hoping this was all over :^) 
whattahuhwahh .... pwshhhhhhisy ... hahahahahahahahahaha 
how can u can tell me that your minds made up when i see u throwing pennies in a well for luck and for what , we're not stuck here just keep messing around and getting in trouble like we used to ... how can u tell me that your scared to jump when u dove head first down the well for luck and i saved you when u got stuck ... nothings changing no , im not changing this papercut doesn't hurt that much ... -the summer set 
I <3 thunderstorms 
life isnt about waiting for the storms to pass its about learning to dance in the rain ... 
band concert tonight .... its either going to be really good or its going to suck ????... im not sure but i love 1812 overture =D 
is so busy ... manage me im a mess ? haha i guess its ok cause i got the \ 
prettiest flowers today ... and im super happy ... it just made my life \ 
10x better since im exhasted and needed to stop and smell the \ 
flowers ... band banquet tomorrow COME ! the food is amazing cuz me and\ 
my family are making it !! :) see you there !! =D 
Wtf ... the backstreet boys are going on tour ..... WHAT ?!?!... i thought they were done ??.... huh ... ok ? 
some things i'll never know and I had to let them go i'm sitting all alone feeling empty i can feel the pressure it's getting closer now we're better off without you ... without you ... 
sigh ... idk ... 
And when you fall apart am I the reason for your endless \ 
sorrow ? There's so much to be said and with a broken heart your \ 
walls can only go down but so low can you hear me when I call your \ 
name ?... 
well im off to work ... what funn ... haha probabaly wont remeber what going to happen this weekend ... lol ... this should be fun :P 
thinks summer should be here ... NOW !... yepp ... =D 
I love HOUSE !! =D 
cant wait fo school to be over and for it to be friday ... plz :) 
What's the point of being in love ? What's the \ 
point of being with someone you can't have ? I know exactly how this will\ 
end but for some reason I can't help myself . No I just can't help \ 
myself ... Nah nah \ 
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah ... June 18th \ 
ahhhhhhhhhhh =D 
arghhhhhhhhhhhh ergggggggg wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :/ 
is thinking about how school is more and more pointless everyday ... sighhhhhhhhhhhh ... but at least the weather is nice :) 
:/ 
Is on a taco adventure .... wooooooo 
thinks too much and just caint wait for summer : Q 
i dont even know ??? 
When\ 
the lights go out we'll be safe and sound we'll take control of the \ 
world like it's all we have to hold on to and we'll be a dream 
rain , rain , go away come back another day ... oh wait you do come back everyday ... sighhh when will it stop raining ? :( 
You will never be happy if you continue to search for\ 
what happiness consists of . You will never live if you are looking for \ 
the meaning of life . 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a \ 
mystery . Today is a gift . That's why it's called the present . 
Awe mann < PROPFIRST > fell !! 
When the lights go out we'll be safe and sound we'll take control of the world like it's all we have to hold on to and we'll be a dream :D 
I never told you what I should have said no I never told you I just held it in and now I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you after all the things we've been through I miss everything about you .... 
can't believe how summer is not as good as it sounded :/ 
the best conversations are when you can sit next to a person smile , not say one word , then just walk away =D haha and you feel like you said everything with your smile :)))) 
Mall and movies with people :) 
hates people ... a lot ... :) 
Dont know where im going but im in the car heading east ... im getting away from this place :) 
All we had is gone now tell them I was happy and my heart is broken all my scars are open tell them what I hoped would be impossible , impossible ... 
And I don't want the world to see me cause I don't think that they'd understand when everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am ... 
people are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges ... 
Sitting by my pool and having a cookout :) 
likes Eminem :) 
:/ doesnt want to understand 
Going down south today :) < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
tonight was not so successful since my phone flew into the toliet and it doesn't work at all :/ ohhh well 
ohhh noo they are putting my dog to sleep :( such a sad day 
it's my moms birthday :) 
The broken locks were a warning you got inside my head I tried my best to be guarded , I'm an open book instead and I still see your reflection inside of my eyes that are looking for purpose , they're still looking for life ~ Lifehouse 
ohhhh noooo I need Saturday to happen plzzzzz 
work tonight and cedar point tomorrow so happppy :) 
I believe in nothing but the truth in who we are :) 
got my temps today ... i felt so lame ... but i got ice cream for it :p haha tomorrow is friday and its the first football game ... ohhh myyy ... work all weekend :/ 
The only thing good about today is the rain :/ 
I hate being sickkk blehhh XC 
The broken clock is a comfort , it helps me sleep tonight maybe it can stop tomorrow from stealing all my time ... 
... stop pretending that it's not ending and let the end begin ... 
I tried my best to be gaurded but i'm an open book instead .... 
busy busy busy :/ 
you learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh , but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry . ~ Author Unknown 
ohh myy birthday was so great thanks for all the birthday wishes it made everything perfect :) i only turn 16 once :-) yayyy 
when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while ... 
today i was told that anyone can catch your eye , but it takes someone special to catch your heart . it made smile :) 
is so excited for the bonfire and this weekend but the parade tonight not so much ... whatevs i'll still have fun XD 
... needs a while .. to think ... :/ 
it needs to be fridayyy !! stupid band festival tomorrow grrrr 
had the worst day ever :/ I think I need to go to bed and start a new day tomorrow ... sighhh 
... sighhh I'm on my way to going crazy where did this week go ... tomorrows Friday ?... and the last football game ... hmmmm and halloween in nine days wtf ... 
:/ another night where sleep is taken away from me ... sighhhhhh 
How long have I been in this storm ? so overwhelmed by the ocean's shapeless form water's getting harder to tread with these waves crashing over my head ... ~ lifehouse 
bleh :/ just blehh ... 
I quit :( 
I . love . you . 
I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how I've never heard silence quite this loud now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking and I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me ? i don't know what to say ... 
gets an extra hour of sleep :) 
x-x I'm so sick I can't move :( and haven't all day ... 
Let the world see you <3 
You'll always have my shoulder when you cry I'll never let go never say goodbye you can count on me like 1 2 3 I'll be there and I know when I need it I can count on you like 4 3 2 and you'll be there cause that's what friends are supposed to do , oh yea <3 < PROPMALE > Mars 
every conversation is the same nothing changes nothing matters i cant help but to live this way and you , well you will just have to learn :/ 
you and i were friends from outer space afraid to let go the only two who understood this place and as far as we know this ain't goodbye oh no this ain't goodbye ... <3 Train 
No me digas que no yo me quedo contigo aunque sea prohibido <3 
idk anymore : ? sighhh .... 
In < PROPMALE > at the blue jackets game :) lovin life 
To start over or to start again is there difference ?.. does it matter ?.... 
At night when the stars light up my room , I sit by myself , talking to the < PROPFEMALE > tryin ' to get to you in hopes you're on the other side talking to me too .... 
:) 
hahaha forget studying ima make < PROPMALE > cupcakes XD 
so now I'm thinking what the hell :) 
forever could never be long enough for me to feel like I've had long enough with you lalalaa beautiful music to my ears :) Train = <3 
had the best snow day ever :) :) :) :) 
superbowl party at my house tonight :D 
yay another night of randomness with my fav person :) ohhh well ima go do homework that was due today xD 
shitty day :( 
air horns are dangerous - < PROPFIRST > hahahahaa XD pep band tonight and three day weekend < PROPFEMALE > happy kickin it with my bestie tonight :) 
:/ this day just keeps getting worse and worse ....... 
there is one thing on my mind and its bothering me more than ever :( 
I dont feel the same i never will :( 
Hey now , this is my < PROPFEMALE > consume me like a fire , ' cause I just want something beautiful to touch me , I know that I'm in reach ' cause I am down on my knees , I'm waiting for something beautiful ~ NEEDTOBREATH 
:p live life no matter what brings you down out with muh best friends tonight 
well i fell yesterday skating and might have another fracture in my back :'( oww the horrid pain .... go away ..... 
school then idk :/ 
Everything happens for a reason and sometimes thoose reasons are unknown ..... 
i have 666 friends ahhhhhhhhh XD 
bowling for soup :) 
umm its seems to me like relationships are ending everywhere ?..... 
If you plugged your nose and your mouth while you sneezed , would it come out of your ears or would your head explode ? 
all i have to say to you is shut the fuck up :) i 
Blueberry :D 
when the sky is falling ill be the one standing right next to you telling you everything is going to be alright :) 
St. Patricks day tomorrow .... i take my drivers test and go car shopping .... my brother came to visit today and im making cupcakes :) good times :) :) :) 
such a busy weekend .... but at least i have something to do :) 
Woaahh what the hell :) today went by so fast ..... cant wait for spring break only one week of school :) 
I got a car and it's gorgeous yay !.... but I'm so afraid to drive it lol XD 
got my hair done today I'm blonder but I just couldn't bleach it .... not till summer :) 
bought a cute dress :) and new converse my day has been made :-) 
Im falling apart im barely breathing with a broken heart thats still beating ......... :/ 
those who say only sunshine brings happiness have never danced in the rain .... i <3 rain going out watevs getting dinner for the fam and just taking a drive with my bestie < PROPFIRST > :D hahaha maybe ill just dance in the rain XD 
