has the best mom ever . 

4 years in retail and now I'm finally \management . \ " Yay me . " 
Family : Just another word for the people who hurt you the most . 
Can't believe people actually go shopping on holidays like the fourth of July and Easter . Why don't they spend time with their friends and families so I can too ? 
so little to do and so much time in which to do it ... I love days off . 
thinks the house hunting is finally coming to a close ... 
three hours of sleep and 2 new friends at walmart later , the plan is unfolding , well , as planned . 
have i ever been so tired in my life ? No , I don't think so . 
Turned 21 on wednesday . Got drunk ! WOo ! 
Just got new drivers license in the mail !!! And its .... still pretty bad . Oh well ! 
is def catching the bug thats been going around . Crap . 
bought nyquil and lots of gatorade . Hopefully I'll be ready for Meg&Caits action packed day tomorrow ! 
fruita fall fest tonight with my bestie ! 
just saw a clip for New < PROPFEMALE > ... I don't know if I love < PROPFIRST > or < PROPMALE > more ... COME ON , NOVEMBER 20TH !!!!!!!!!!! 
It's scarf weather , bitches ! 
51 days till new < PROPFEMALE > ... 51 days till new < PROPFEMALE > ... better start getting my twilight ensemble ready now ! 
35 days till new < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Re-reading New < PROPFEMALE > and its official : I'm on team < PROPMALE > . 
Preparing for an EPIC HALLOWEEN PARTY ! 
is going to be a sister in law !! LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL 
all that I'm after is a life full of laughter . 
finally registered for classes . A whole lot of psychology and then marriage and families ... LOL . 
4 hours of work and then the weekend is mine .... 
\The power in the relationship lies with the one who cares less . \ " Brilliant right ? Looking forward to another night full of alcohol ! " 
this is so awesome . 
A failed spanish test and presentation + way too long at work + boy drama = a desperate need for alcohol and air band to fuck you music with the girls on a random Tuesday night . 
couldn't be more excited to see < PROPFIRST > Lautner tonight ! 
New < PROPFEMALE > was great ! The only thing that could have made it better is if < PROPFIRST > Lautner never had a shirt on .... Team < PROPMALE > all the way ! 
needs a hug . 
Happy Birthday Briggs !!!!! Can't wait for tonight !!!!! 
Needs to get off the internet and study for finals . 
I have accomplished NOTHING in the past three days . So much for being ready for finals .... 
What should I wear tonight ? New boots or new jeans ? Hmmm .... 
can this week just be over please ? 
my car handles ice like a CHAMP ! I , on the other hand , need to invest in some proper footwear before I break a hip . 
is going to watch Mama Mia . That movie never fails to put me in a good mood . 
would like nothing more than to kick someone right in the fucking teeth . 
I really want to go back to bed .... 
I'M FREEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
And its been a long December but there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last . I can't remember all the times I tried to tell myself to hold on to these moments as they pass ... 
but the thing is , you ARE settling . Like shit at the bottom of a pond . 
weavers tonight ! 
is going to figure this shit out . On my own . 
black :) 
Yesterday : my car ate its serpentine belt , i lost my ID , and ended up being collateral damage in a bar fight . Sweeeeet . 
looking forward to a morning at the DMV .... maybe they'll take a new picture ! My last one was TERRIBLE !!!! 
really annoyed . 
No longer annnoyed 
couldn't be more in love with Weezer's new album . 
damn the luck . This semester should be interesting to say the least . 
Pretty sure my books cost almost as much as my tuition . Sweet . 
I love the block feature on facebook . 
Dear old Circuit friends : did anybody else lose their W-2 for 2009 ?!? 
I'm packing up and moving to Easy Street . Who's with me ? 
ITS 42 DEGREES OUTSIDE !!!!!!!! I'm so excited I could just pee my pants !!!!!!!! 
\hit something hard . I don't want to limp away from this wreck . \"" 
got a jury summons and I'm not going to lie , I'm kind of excited about it . 
Finally figured out what I REALLY want to do when I graduate and I couldn't be more excited . 
Blink 182 , girl scout cookies , and Boonsfarm are going to get me through today . 
Time to start thinking about spring cleaning ! I've got to tie up some loose ends and cut some losses . And then maybe rearrange my room .... 
the next time you have a thought .... let it go . 
So my sweet dog is lost and running around Junction somewhere .... if anybody sees a < PROPMALE > Shepard mix about 3 years old that answers to the name < PROPFEMALE > please let me know ! 
Bring on the weekend and possible liver failure . This week has been a damn mess . 
You know what a best friend looks like ? A girl tramping through ankle deep mud in a blizzard helping you < PROPFEMALE > posters for your missing dog . < PROPFEMALE > Marsh is a total badass . 
shutter island = AMAZING 
I drive like a Cullen . 
took advantage of the nice weather by almost dying in the desert today . Good thing Tank is literally a tank ! 
Oh , spring break , I'm so glad you're finally here !! 
Have you heard the news ? Bad things come in twos . But I never knew ... ' bout the little things . 
Little Logey left for basic training today ... I couldn't be more proud of him , but I miss him already :( 
shoot me . 
Not terribly thrilled with this weather . 
Happy anniversary Mom and < PROPMALE > ! And congrats and good luck to < PROPFEMALE > in the Vagina Monologues ! I love you guys ! 
Dear facebook chat : I hate you . 
Sooooo excited for Saturday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today needs to end . Preferably with a beer and a hug . 
ugh . Monday . 
The moral of the story : Don't google your symptoms when you're sick . 
Kind of thrilled with the way my night went . :) 
Honestly , I don't think life gets much better than this . 
Looks like its going to be one of those days . Grr . 
skirt weather :) 
has pink eye . Thanks mom . 
Fabulous day so far ! The best part ..... winning :) 
Dear fb chat : you make me beyond crazy . 
my life+the people in it = amazing ! 
I'm never going to take being able to breathe through my nose for granted ever again . 
new pictures .... I'll tag them when I have time ! Sorry guys lol 
There are days that take too long .... it's those days I wish I had you right here in my arms ..... 
Ugh . 
Exhausted . This group project had better go fast . I want to go back to sleep ! 
Only two more days of class and a few finals then I'M FREEEEE !!!!! 
can't get warm . Geez . 
If I can just get through my quantative research methods final tomorrow , everything will be ok .... Ugggh . 
last final .... done ! 
\idc what idk about ! \ " -- < PROPFIRST > " 
first day of summer and .... i m annoyed . 
\i tried to get them to leave sooner but it was like herding a flock of goats ! \ " -- < PROPMALE > stiasny " 
\youre a faggle ! who slaps their mother ?! \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > " 
My phones keeps sending me every text message four times in a row . That's fun . As if reading it the first time didn't piss me off enough . 
uuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
Dear Verizon : WHAT THE F*CK ?!?! 
Made some really bad pico de gallo and found out how much it costs to replace my radiator ... Good day . 
\i pull my eyebrows when i get angry . \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > donohue " 
\I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that \ 
Already having dreams about missing classes .... and its not even July ! 
\Ever notice how ' what the hell ? ' is always the right answer ? \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE >." 
Fishing tomorrow for father's day ... pretty excited ! 
Things are looking up ! Looks like I may be getting a job offer soon ! Then a fabulous , crazy night in FOCO with < PROPFEMALE > and then off to < PROPFEMALE > to get Logey ! 
has a job :) and another interview ! Pretty lucky day ! 
I didn't enjoy not working enough ... Rejoining the workforce sucks . 
Off to GA ! Then to Dove Creek for Pick and Hoe if < PROPFEMALE > and mom don't murder me during the long ass drive . Blehhhhh . 
just crossed the lousiana state line .... im looking for alligators and vampires .... 
had an absolutely amazing 4th and I'm so happy that Logey is home ! 
Someone should revoke my social networking privileges . For my own good . 
\Had a bad day ... don't talk to me .... gonna ride this out . My little black heart ... breaks apart ... with your big mouth . And I'm sick ... of my sickness . Don't touch me ... you'll get this . \ " -- Unwritten Law " 
Car broke down in glenwood ... again . looks like ill be stranded here alone for the next couple of hours ... how fun . 
Sooo tired of the car problems . But on a happier note , only one month until my birthday ! 
bllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
I\ 
love days off . And Moms who bring you yardsale treasures , Dads who \ 
fix your car without being asked , sisters who always invite you to watch\ 
trueblood with them , and boyfriends who surprise you with massive jugs \ 
of G2 . And meggy and Logey , even though they're far , far away . 
starting to make birthday plans ... Pretty excited ! 
floor set at work today .... hope they finisih it before I have to go in .... 
All the small things ... true care , truth brings . I'll take one lift ... your ride , best trip . 
don't you just love it when the weather matches your mood ? 
Aunty < PROPFEMALE > just brought me a plate of her amazing chocolate chip cookies . This is the best day off ever . 
A completely hellacious day calls for a night of total self indulgence . 
All I wanted to do on my day off is go lay in the sun . And its raining . That's fabulous . 
Undoubtedly the worst , most unflattering haircut I've ever had . < PROPFIRST > said he'd think I was cute even if I was bald . Good thing , considering I might be by the time he comes home . 
Had a bar wish me happy birthday on facebook ... maybe the coolest birthday wish I've ever had . Thanks Weavers ! 
School on Monday ? Yikes . 
Goodbye , summer . Hello , senior year ! 
What a ridiculously productive day . I think I'm going to like this semester . 
Done with the first week of school , double date with the long lost sis tonight , and Logey Bear comes home tomorrow ! :) 
If you combined some of < PROPFEMALE > Lambert's songs with some of < PROPFIRST > Clarkson's , you'd have the soundtrack to my life . 
My mind keeps replaying that little dog getting hit on Patterson today and it breaks my heart all over again . Shame on you for not stopping , guy . That little puppy was still alive , and you owe that family an apology . 
I am aware that pushing the crosswalk button 80 times doesnt actually make the light change fasster . but that doesnt stop me from doing it . 
is in a murderous rage . 
Tosh . 0 , scrubs , and Sonic make rainy days not so bad . 
What an incredibly sad day . I miss my little brother :( 
The Killers and Motion City Soundtrack today . Makes me miss long drives with Mooze ! 
is desperate for a vacation . My < PROPFEMALE > is wearing dangerously thin . 
Dove Creek this weekend !!!! 
the weekend was way too short , and nothing has gotten any better since I left . Crappy . 
Thank God for good family . No matter how far away or how long its been , they're always there you when you need them . 
really , really hates crickets . 
Dear spider : this means war . And I think you're no match for my vacuum . You too , crickets . 
Date night :) so excited !!!! 
is developing a vendetta against the 18 year old floozies that seem to be flooding the GJ . How old and jaded do I feel ?! Sheesh . 
Facebook on a phone is a dangerous thing ... good thing I don't have it ! 
too many spiders in my spider-free zones ... Apparently I won that battle , but the war isn't over . 
GOT A MESSAGE FROM LOGEY TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is feeling nostalgic . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > sing songs from coyote ugly while driving to < PROPFEMALE > ... And thats why he's my favorite person to road trip with :) 
is in love with \Her Diamonds\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > today . Good song . " 
is running on fumes . 
what's the best cure for a bad mood ? 
they're not kidding when they say click it or ticket lol 
\I'm awake and I'm alive . \"" 
Had SO much fun knife fighting with noodles with < PROPFEMALE > today ! There's nothing quite like laughing your ass off with a good friend . 
\there's no way to grow that don't hurt . \"" 
a power nap and < PROPMALE > and cheese and now I'm off to my interview ... it's been a good day thus far , just need to keep the momentum !!! 
SOOOO exhausted . I can't wait for break so I can just sleep all day and night ! 
Back to the Future marathon ! And only a couple presents left to wrap ! Very productive first day of break :) 
paying the price for last night , in more ways than one . 
Has spent the last 24 hours on this same couch watching the same show . Oh , the beauty of Christmas break ! 
all of my spraying for bugs has paid off ... Just found godzilla and a discomforting number of his friends dead behind the arm chair . Now I'm a little afraid to move the couch .... 
\Ever notice how \ " what the hell ? \ " is always the right answer ? \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
seriously kicked ass this semester . 
\I've found that when you want to know the truth about someone that someone is probably the last person you should ask . \ " -- Dr. House " 
I LOVE getting to talk to < PROPFIRST > everyday ! 
Who moved my cheese ? Bleh . 
Every bum I saw today was holding a sign that said \veteran . \ " Is Junction really this bad about taking care of war vets or are these guys just preying on my patriotism ? " 
\The important thing is this : to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Du Bos " 
I'd kill for a vacation and some warm weather . 
Mom just got a fantastic touch screen computer . And now I want to move back home and play on it all night . 
Dearest friends and family : you guys make the crappy , difficult things not so crappy and difficult . I love you guys . 
\I wanna be ... I want everything . I want everything . \ " -Buckcherry " 
I'd love a surprise right now . And I hate surprises . But something unexpected would be nice . 
Fabulous night with the family ! 
I think the Rolling Stones had it right . You can't always get what you want , but you might get what you need . 
awesome day , beginning to end . 
