awesome night . :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 

parents = bad night 
needs to get away from my family for like a month or two , or a year . 
needs to get away from my family for like a month or two , or a year . Or just for good . move out now . so tired of my family 
daydreamer- < PROPFEMALE > . good song 
just pissed myself off hahaha 
had a chill day with zach . is getting offered a holister job when your 15 by a hot girl considered good ? and the girl trips after talking to you ;) . 
hey i have a new phone and # text me at 503 756 8564 
really hot . swimming park . ugh 
just sent an email to the air force academy . nervous as hell . my school record looks like isht right now compared to my dad's 
Just got back from my first Muay Thai lesson . So pumped =D 
never say never- the fray 
is bored . 
< PROPMALE > iglesias . good music . musiq soulchild . also good . love that r and b . 
wants that car 
the album The Fray , by The Fray . one of the best cd's i've ever listened too . has some very deep meanings too . 
needs to find a punching bag 
boxing or muay thai . don't know which one to pick 
gonna work for my dad . gotta get that money 
mom's birthday today . 
just got back from the westview area . had a fun day down there 
dang , feel real bad for my bro . 
man i need to meet a british girl lol . 
First day of school at < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
Let s go federer ! 
first day at < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Excited 
Had my first day at < PROPMALE > . As far as i can tell , the girls there suck . I miss the westview girls lol . 
i think kanye was being a total < PROPMALE > last night , but all these hate kanye polls and and stuff are dumb as hell . he was rude , very rude , but it's not like he's the only person who's done that stuff . we shouldn't focus on the negative . we should look at the positive instead and give praise to beyonce for what she did . 
Rowing is the best ! 
To day started out terrible ... and ended up being one of the best days ever . 
PLease help me pick out of the three chains i uploaded . 
got a several #'s from some cute girls today ;) , felt i should brag lol . 
got some more #'s today , im on a role . 
spent the whole day in corvallis . Tomorrow back to boring school . And fun rowing with the cute girls lol . 
F*#@ 
wow , why did i lose it ? ugh . 
! @ ! &#^@ *$* @^$ 
girls ...., what a number they do to your head . ;/ 
Had my first crew race today . We won by like 90 seconds . ( Thats a lot ) and beat all the novice teams . It was a hella fun day . 
practice was tight , played ultimate frisbee 
girls ..., crazy . And very amusing 
doesn't know what to think or who to go for 
;( ugh 
so bored , watching my brother . ugh . 
can't wait to see people at westview's homecoming 
it was tight seeing everybody at westview again . gotta up load my pics later . 
girls drive me crazy , good and bad . but painful 
have a race in portland this sunday , you all on facebook should come 
has a race in portland this sunday , you all on facebook should come 
.........., ............ 
damn night time depression 
homework ugh , wants to < PROPFEMALE > with someone this weekend 
fing night depression again 
everybody online should come to my race in portland , on the willamet , at 1:30 on sunday . 
people online should come to my race at 1:17 on sunday in portland . Starts at the < PROPMALE > island bridge 
big race tomorrow , kinda nervous , gonna be really fun though 
f@# ! $* ! came in third by half a second , so pissed . 
someone stole my wallet ;/ 
;( 
rowing was tight today 
?????????????????? idk 
needs to stop being single . lol 
pulled a muscle in my back , not fun 
that was a tight party , hella tired though . ergathon in the morning , ugh 
had my ergathon , 10-4 , six hours of rowing as hard as i could , so very exausted , but hangin with people was fun . 
special bday , online update : I got a car !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
thanks you everybody who posted on my wall , thank you very much :) . Miss you all 
Made JV basketball at < PROPMALE > . No sweat . 
Ugh , tired of having no friday night fun . needs to get ungrounded , and get my license . 
GO beavers !!!, Up at the half ! 
ugh working on rough draft of 5 < PROPFEMALE > report due wednesday , can't focus , need's sleep . 
BJ = Black Jesus ...... lol 
back from a day at the mountain 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas < PROPFEMALE > everybody 
comment on uploaded pics 
just saw the greatest commercial ever .... Gotta love < PROPFEMALE>'s secret , lol 
westview is beating oak hill academy , yeah baby !! 
LET'S GO SOONERS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SOONERS WITH THE WIN !!!! 
i hate Mr. Zerba 
got to go to crew practice , was so much fun , can't wait to start the season 
never mind , how bout the air force 
been checking out the air force website , can't wait to go through BMT 
gotta love being an insomniac , lol 
two practices in one day , basketball from 9-11 am , rowing from 3:45 - 6:30 , what a day , what a workout 
rough game against < PROPMALE > 
Spanish Rap Yall !!! 
crew practice tomorrow 
two practices today , good workout . Tomorrow , rest , monday back to work , not in good enough shape yet 
no more . 500 , learned my lesson . oh well , just a game anyways 
murdered < PROPFIRST > , won by 55 ! 
back at crew for good , gonna b the shit . 
< PROPFEMALE > - Soldier of love album , so good . 
Hmmmmm .... 
beautiful day outside today , gotta find something to do outside 
practice was a b **** today , so cold outside 
workin out , trying to get my arms bigger 
really wants to have a huge ass party during spring break with everybody i know . If only ... 
long night ahead of me 
needs a place to stay saturday night back over in the westview area 
Defensive player , two years in a row now :) ! 
PB ! hahaha . 
SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
School sure was fun today , being high on laughing gas and all , hahaha 
i feel bad missing the past two days of practice ... oh well it was worth it . 
why is everything going to be on friday ? can't figure out what to do 
just got home from practice , now waiting for my dad to get home so he can give those 4 hours of paid work he said he had for me 
hardest bike ride of my life 
shoots and ..... misses . hahaha , oh well . time to reload 
why !!!!!????? spring break come back ! 
i like my driver's < PROPMALE > class ;) . 
become a fan of my < PROPFEMALE > \Youz be a cutie from far away but when you got close it was like ew\ " and spread the word " 
hell yeah , both my fan pages have 50+ fans ! it's a start 
Anybody have good torso building and fat burning workouts ? 
feelin like i have some serious work to do on my body . gotta get ripped for this summer 
Real men drive stick 
No school tomorrow !! 
watching count of < PROPMALE > cristo , best movie ever 
got < PROPFEMALE > stone today . im gonna kick ass in spanish now ! 
Anybody else have their chat offline right now , or is it just me ? 
Terrible 2k today , was 2 seconds over my PR 
Tonight was kind of a waste . I'm really not feelin it right now . gonna listen to some < PROPFEMALE > and music in kind , and got to bed . 
does anyone ever wonder , how much better life would be , they weren't around ? 
Race time baby ! Get focused , get pumped ! 
races today . fourth in the first one and third in the second . not a happy camper . 
I wish the best of luck to my fellow RCRC rowers and friends . Kick some ass and bring back some medals !! 
Checkin out tat ideas . Still got two years before I get one , but can't help it . 
So mfing excited for practice tomorrow . Missed rowing so much ! 
I Fing hate basketball right now !!! 
Fight night baby ! Mayweather VS . Mosley ! 
< PROPMALE > money mayweather with the win !! 
going to the doctor to check out my head , hope all is good . Regionals ..... 
Nothing to do on such a beautiful day except hw . How depressing is that ? 
After today , i want it to be summer NOW !!! 
dime from me to < PROPFIRST > on the backdoor cut ! for the win ! 
What happened to it n being < PROPFEMALE > today ? 
yeah today was fun ! and it is ! especially on such a meager topic . it should be like a 3 pages tops paper with the info he gave us . 
Got regionals tomorrow , so no school !! Let's go !! 
Race time baby !!!! GET PUMPED !!!!! 
I want sleep ..... 
Congradts to the guys B four for winning bronze , the girls B four for gold and the trophy , and the girls A four for getting first and advancing to the next round 
Made it to the finals for the 8 ! Now we just have to win tomorrow ! Let's go !!!!! 
Bed time in like 15 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Got fourth in the finals by 5 seconds . < PROPFEMALE > close ... Got it next year . Also learned if there wasn't a only 2 boat pass for the 4's finals , i could have had at least a bronze in the four . So frustrating 
College convention was pretty cool . Got me really motivated . 
Rowing awards was fun . Now officially varsity !!!!!! 
All my fault ... Damn ... 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > L can go to hell 
Ugh , it's so weird not having practice . I don't like it . 
Just realized how much i missed playing basketball . Gonna work this summer to kill next season . 
im lost , whats with this complimenting people thing ? looks like fun 
If you like my status I won't say a thing . 
Studying for finals . Ugh . And I ate too much mango . Which I didn't know was possible . 
< PROPFIRST > Peters was hilarious ! And i got see a bunch of people ! awesome night . 
Two finals down . Four to go . 
Been hoping down at erving . This is where it's at ! 
Out of school already !!! 
no more finals !!!! 
No more school !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love how it's my first day of break , and i still wake up at 8 . 
Nickels for my thoughts , dimes in my bed . Quarters of the kush shape the line in my head . 
Good Morning Oregon . Ready for the first day of summer rowing practice . 
I love summer , the season of bikini's and booty shorts . 
bored coaching camp . somebody hit me up so I don't have to pay attention 
got to gonzaga . pretty chill . gonna be a good four days . 
Fun night , hopefully tomorrow will bring more good things . 
anybody tryin to text me , don't . cause my gay phone is broken and won't text any more . 
god damn little kids , think it's funny to hide in this big house and scare the shit out of you because you told them to get ready for bed . 
man i need to meet some new people , preferably girls . gettin bored . 
Yes by LMFAO . It's the shit . 
Anybody want to go to an Ok Go concert wit me ? 
Next two weekend will hopefully be fun . 
finally got home . had to walk from the train station . 
anybody know a good artist ? 
oh and any idea of a good ( and reasonable ) place to hide a tattoo 
I got my license !!!! 
drivin out to the west side today . after i drop my mom off i got the car to myself :) 
Had a great time last night . Hope to see more of my friends now that I can drive . 
Inception was the shit !!! 
Is anybody free this weekend ? 
Got my ipod replaced ! I finally have my music back ! No more using a disk man , hahaha . 
This is going to be quite the week . 
Had a great night ! Hopefully just the beginning too . 
No phone for the day . yay ! but it'll b upgraded when i get it back 
BORED !! 
My lil bro's birthday ! He's ten , now . Scary 
Break time from work . 
Wish I could have a whole day to just relax and think . 
(\Sorry I painted your mouth red ... \ " \ " Sorry I painted your mouth blue ... \ " \ " Wanna make purple ? \") Nice " 
Can't it be the weekend already ? 
:D 
Sending my prayers to my aunt b ! 
Had a fun night . Found blakes shoes in dq ! 
IB summer hw sucks balls . 
Loosing bets suck . So sore , haha . 
Period 1- IB Psychology Sl with Bowman\ 
Period 2- Spanish 5-6 Honors with McLellarn\ 
Period 3- IB HOTA HL 1 with Sten\ 
Period 4- Photography 1 with Devine\ 
Period 5- Pre-Calculus 1 with Ball\ 
Period 6- IB English A1 HL 5 with Goldbloom\ 
Period 7- Ib Physics SL 1 with Kemper 
< PROPFEMALE > - The Goo Goo Dolls . Gotta love it . 
\ We need all our top scientists on this . Somebody call India\ " hahahahaha " 
Taio < PROPFIRST > - Dynamite = great music video ! 
New kicks and clothes for school . Getting excited 
There should be a relationship status called I wish I f******g knew . 
The end of the last exorcism sucks 
Trust , something had to earn and easy to loose . Too easy ... 
Does anybody know where i could get a camera for photography class ? 
i love when awkward situations turn out well . and then feel bad for making them 
Gonna be a good day ! 
Goodbye all my westview friends , was a fun summer with you all . See u next summer . 
:) :) :) :) :) :) ) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmmm , leftovers :) . 
Rowing tomorrow ! Hellz yeah !!!!!! 
My thoughts go out to all those that lost someone close today , 9 years ago . 
to keep my hair this length , or to buzz it again . that is the question 
Getting up early is not nice . 
The difference between a varsity and jv athlete is jv athletes go hard when it matters , varsity athletes go hard all the time . 
< PROPFIRST > gradt is a fish 
In a GREAT mood . Now time to buckle down and do my hw . Hit me up on the cell 
Except for crew , life is very boring right now . 
Party !!! 
Deuces by < PROPFIRST > Brown , and Toot It and Boot It by YG . Those are my jams right now . 
Doing HW at 6:20 in the morning .... I must be in IB 
New Unisuit ! 
BBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDD 
Gotta love wasting two months of time and thoughts ... 
IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
To any of < PROPFEMALE > bride's good friends . I hope just cause this stuff ended badly , means we can't at least get along , if any of you see this , just saying . 
I love how everybody says deep things when it's night time . 
WOW , only two weeks ! 
Song of the week , Deuces by < PROPFIRST > Brown , lol . 
I want CHICKEN !!! 
Made a mistake , I admit it . Openly slandering someone is the most immature and rude thing u can do . Won't ever happen again . 
Damn you < PROPFIRST > McCoy !!!!!!! 
What is love ? 
I need a new surrounding . 
went on fml for the first time , had a hard time getting off the site because i was laughing so hard 
We'll be alright by Travie McCoy is the shit 
got practice in the morn , but don't want to go to bed 
One more day and i have my phone back !! 
BAF . 
Being sick SUCKS ! 
Facebook just got hacked . Happen to anybody else ? 
Phone back tomorrow !! 
Sick+Homework = Boring day 
I hate it when I find a bunch of music i like , but I can't get it because I have no money on Itunes . 
Sick+not being able to row = bad afternoon 
If you have skype , add me . Screen name is BoldenJunior 
Who has skype ???? 
The Beast- Tech N9ne . Nuf said 
Damn ... the things girls do to guys . They don't even know . 
The best deep comments come out at night . 
Won both games today . Yay .... 
SOONERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I want it to be MONDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( At around 4 o'clock ) 
TOMORROW NEEDS TO BE NOW !!!! 
Suspenders ! Thats what I need ..... 
It's been a long three weeks . Everybody has worked very hard , and I say that feel privileged to have competed with with all of the guys . Thank you . ( Now lets all kick some ass !! ) 
Varsity ! 
Who thinks age matters ? Cause I don't . 
Iris-Goo Goo Dolls . Must I say more ? 
Anybody wanna give me a back massage ? 
Why is everybody posting where they like it ? lol 
I like it where she likes it . 
Can u like it more than one place ? 
Don't you hate when you can't get that one person off your mind , but you also know that you can't talk to them ? 
Chicken and Dumplings ...... Yummmmmmm :) . 
Gotta love bitching and whining over facebook ! 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in minority , & so much more , just because of who they are . Many gay teens are turning to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them to hold their ... heads high , & that you respect them for ... who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but lets see the 5% of you who will . 
It's gonna be a good/challenging day . 
I want it to be time for practice ! 
what happened to the sun ? 
best night in a long time 
I love sexy european accents , hahaha 
Everybody should make music a religion 
I need to meet some new people . 
What's Napster ? 
Massage on monday !!!!!!! Hell yeah !!! 
Is it immature that I laugh when I see that I have 69 friends online ? 
Fuck the PSAT !!!!!!!! 
Quote of the day : \You guys might have two oars 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids . 
I miss Europe 
5:15 AM Practice in the morning . Yesssssss ! 
It's funny how your relationships with people change over time ... 
My friday night plans + My parents friday night plans = No friday night plans for me . 
Four more days !!!!!!! 
New Alfani Suit ... Very nice ;) 
Call me Mr. Spoiled 
Three more days !!! 
Full Body massages are AMAZING !!!! 
love 
Twelve hours time , i'll be flying to boston :) 
I'm hooooooommmmeeeeeee !!!!! 
I have the best team ever . 
Sooooo ready for practice today . 
So ..... Much ....... Homework ....... 
Great practice today :) ! 
Not really celebrating halloween this year .... \ 
\ 
But next year ima have the sickest costume ever ! 
Hmmmm , so according to google search , the name on the back of my new unisuit is a city in Western Germany ... 
Sooo almost went to practice today . 
AWESOME DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Even though I was sang to and felt like an attention hog . 
110 birthday wishes !! damn i feel lucky 
What a good day .... 
I feel like I should not be at school today . 
We have the ergathon tomorrow ......... 
SOOOOOOOOO DEAD ...... and i have to be up a 5 . fml 
Who's got skype ? 
Just one more day ... 
over on the east coast with nothing to do 
Bored .. Long ass drive ahead . Hit me up . 
I can wait for dinner tomorrow !!!! 
does anybody know how to download videos off of youtube onto your ipod ? 
Portland here I come ! Time to go home 
Wow never been to salt lake city before . It's beautiful from the sky . 
HOME ! 
I can't believe I'm that bored .... \ 
Like this and I'll do the like/dislike confession first impression thing 
Wow responding to this like thing takes FOREVER ! 
Why do some of the best songs and preludes in music have to be so short ? 
I had an epiphany today .... \ 
Soccer girls got some booty !!! 
Bball game and movies tomorrow !! 
Worst fucking friday ever 
What is with these cartoon profile pics ???????? 
Sooooo tired . I swear IB homework drains the life out of you . 
Gotta love the gentlemen kettle one commercials . 
Don't you hate when you want to talk to someone specific , but you don't know who ? 
3-0 BABY !!!! LETS KEEP IT GOING !! 
TAKE THAT DUCK FANS !!!!!!! NO HEISMAN WINNER FOR YOU !!!!!!! LaMichael < PROPFIRST > got the least amount of votes for first place ! 
Geek Status !!! 
Never start a poke war with 6 different people ! Your phone will never stop buzzing , and you will go crazy ! 
Good win tonight boys ! But we got some work to do tomorrow to prepare for < PROPMALE > 
WE ARE 7-1 ! I HIT THE BUZZER BEATING , GAME WINNING SHOT ! AND IT'S WINTER BREAK ! CAN IT GET ANY BETTER ?!?! 
Last night ... Oh boy 
Tron was tight !!!! 
DTF- Down To Frolic 
Pre-Christmas present ..... AN ERG !!!!!!! HELL YEAH !!! 
Best Christmas ever !! So spoiled . Got the new kinetic 
My suspenders are too small :/ . ( or im just a tard and can't figure out how to adjust them ) 
im a tard 
The team shoes are here ! 
On the westside visiting friends 
YES AUBURN !!!!! YES !!!!!!! 
I have i question , what does it mean to be a tool ? i see people calling other people that a lot in the past ... eh 40 < PROPFEMALE > maybe ? 
gonna stop messin wit duck fans till tomorrow . let their pride heal a bit 
week ass snow outside right now . we need some real snow ! 
game canceled due to weather :/ 
sick or food poisoning , idk which , but it sucks . lol 
gotta love doing a shit ton of work the night before 
Dank-cheese time tomorow !!! 
Finally home with a connection to the outside world , lol 
Fuck the packers !! 
What am I doing ? 
Gonna pull an all-nighter . It's gonna suck more < PROPMALE > than a pornstar . 
Does anybody know the web address for the < PROPMALE > physics site ? 
This sucks 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died ( my friends , family and co-worker ) , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour !! 
Recently decided , I'm a crazy mofo . In a bad way . 
I need a whole day just to sit and think . Sunday plans ? I think I just found them . 
Deleting my facebook , if you want to stay in touch , comment or message me your number , skype name , or email 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom : < PROPFIRST > what do you want for your birthday\ 
< PROPFIRST > : condoms\ 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom : fuck to the no ! im not buying you them go to your school and get them for free ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > : but mom i want the fire and icy\ 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom : well < PROPFIRST > i know you already have some from the receat i found in the car\ 
< PROPFIRST > : fml ! 
Had a good day today , gotta love late start . Also a pleasant morning getting coffee with < PROPFEMALE > Long :) . 
Gonna spend all sunday just thinking . I really need to . 
Had the best lunch in a long time with < PROPFEMALE > Holenstein , < PROPFEMALE > McCall , and < PROPFEMALE > Long . Though did try to take my man card away , not cool . I don't play N Sync in my car . 
My prayers go out to the people in Japan , I hope everybody got away safe . 
I NEED to get ungrounded . 
truth is ? 
Night School :( ... 
Sooo uhhhh , rowing in hail hurts ... just saying 
