thats an eyebrow raiser 

andi . gives . daddy . his . boners . 
Im in LA bitch 
Tomorrow back to school , drag . 
man i just took the sickest nap , as in im sick and i took a nap 
watching modern family 
I dont understand crap about my history hw 
fuck this class lmao 
Casual and Careless ? yeah ! 
playing halo reach :) 
is playen halo reach , beast :) 
monday ! monday ! monday ! 
omfg im so sick , i cant even drink my juice without coughing 
Oh yeah , Glee . 
today = best wat wat ? inglewood . 
nighte night , strangers . 
dam ! thats how they get you . House is the best show ever 
that'd be funny 
That Algebra final is tomorrow then I'm done thinking for the week 
so I'm listening to thug music thinkin how i did on my algebra final . Thats not common 
dam today was kinda the awesomest ever 
I got that new hair cut smell 
wtf is wrong with lady gaga ? her outfit is an egg . I don't get the style value of an egg shell 
Erybody better know there pledge for p.a 
I'm too psychic , how did i know it was #3 ? How about I'm awesome that's why 
What the fuck Wisconsin ?! 
wtf forgot that current event ! 
Woo-hoo fathers home , plus three day weekend . Oh shit PARTY all day 
that party was bumbing , i loved the mexican side off things :D 
At grandmas house , I'm so adorable I had made all there valentines day cards :] 
omg Apple is like crazy smart , idk if i should get the iphone now or wait till june for the possibility of a iphone 5 
I should just but that as my header , lets get shit together ! 
Listen to Cumbia and doing homework , isn't life great ? :] 
downloading pictures gonna take years hahah but worth it :D 
So today was kinda slow , but dang P.E was ACTIVITY ! 
keep making that , keep making that platinum and gold for me ! 
GOT THAT IPHONE !, cute . 
can you stop karate kid ? 
thank you , i love finding things i lost . Im straight up HAPPY ! 
I'm so listening Creedence Clearwater Revival fyi best band name ever its so simple :) 
so today was fun , had some < PROPMALE > laughs and got some weight lifted of my back . 
so i just got money ! I am going to buy a guitar and be just like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Well I don't need no money I just need a day that's < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
I want to die peacefully in my sleep , like my grandfather .. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car . 
Why did the guy cross the road ? He heard the chicken was a slut 
Boycott shampoo ! Demand the REAL poo ! 
Everybody repeat after me , \We are all individuals \"" 
You know its bad luck to be superstitious 
Plan to be spontaneous - tomorrow 
On the other hand , you have different fingers 
School is just an elaborate plot by vampires to obtain the blood of teenagers through blood drives 
I've never tipped a cow . Then again , one has never served me food 
Guatemala vs USA its like my legs vs my arms i don't know which to choose . Well i do have a killer punch ; GO GUATE ! 
Guatemala is WINNING ! as in the < PROPFIRST > sheen kind . FINAL SCORE : 2-1 proven fact Guatemalans are amazing :) 
Every time you sneeze some of your brain cells die . So keep on sneezing ya bastards 
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out 
Waking up early everyday its like if im a teenager hanging out with my frie ds or something 
If you really wanted to save the environment you'd use both side of the toilet paper 
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places . He told me to quit going to those places 
Can people who are born blind see their dreams ? 
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists ? In that case , I definitely overpaid for my carpet . 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s house ALLLL ! DAAAAAY ! ( Analeslie is laughing ) 
Mud-Run best day ever . Jenny , Israel , Analeslie , < PROPFEMALE > , and NOT < PROPFIRST > are at my home , whats good :D ALLLL DAAAYY ! 
Baby sister is now officially potty trained , can my life get any better ? 
Its called teenage lifes ; at Analeslies house had the funniest day ever . From antique shopping to running for bus and the awful picture skills in the pool 
FINALLY :DD with the facebook and the photo uploading and the and the .. 
went to church , get my Jesus on . 
Dont you just love dogs , chewing through phone lines and junk -_- ahh sarcasm 
One little problem that confronts you . Got a monkey on your back\ 
just one more fix , Lord might do the trick ( JESUS ) 
papa johns anyone !? this place about to bloww oh oho oh ohh 
Osama Bin Laden dead Fuck You terroist ! 
Obama is on the tele ! Boy can he make good speeches :'( tear 9-11 
If have never taken a nap in the middle of the day you a missing out , its like bathing yourself in relaxation or you know watever 
I used to be addicted to soap , but im clean now 
Family full of jokesters , but gotta love um . Except when they hide all the stuff that is precious to you ;P 
wtf ... rain ? 
Omg Twitter ruins EVERYTHING ! Its like yeah let me spoil the shows you watch < PROPFEMALE > Reyes-Cuevas 
So tomorrow AP test , i can feel tomorrow's mid day nap already . Today was a good stress reliever , that dragon boat is no joke 
So i totally kicked the AP test ass ! 
Get sick , get well . Hang around a ink well . Ring < PROPFEMALE > , hard to tell\ 
If anything is goin’ to sell . 
awh yeah this is powerful stuff . 
Got me circling like the < PROPFEMALE > round the sun . Acting crazy like a fool all drunk ;) 
Yep , hes like our best friend now 
Everyday you learn something new , today is the exception ;D 
So this weekend is going to be pretty dope . Can you say party ? + jumper . 
Weekend full of joy ! 
So i almost died of embarrassment today , i literally was left speechless ;D but its alright tho 
Our school looks so swag in the sky cam of the news . 
Got my ipod on one hand and my brownie in another , aint life grand . 
Are you being sarcastic ? 
Floppy . Yes Floppy ! ... you can't even let me name my imaginary dog . 
So this is shaping up to be the best summer . Concerts , friends , and best of all Guatemala . 
Doing my homework , so why am i on facebook my mom asked me ;D 
Just got a boss guitar !! Im so excited and i just fight it . i just might be losing control 
so Desperate Housewives is the best and most interesting show in the face of the universe ! 
Pulling a Analeslie and walking all the way home .__. 
IRON MAN !, was the only reason i forgot how horrible algebra 2 is for like 30 minutes . But all together today was good . 
I can't feel my legs or my arms , Iron Man thank you very much . 
10:59:39 . I submitted my essay , it was due at 11:00:00 . BOSS ! 
Rocket NBA champions !! 
Alright for reals no more facebook have to do project . Im going to like block the site for the time being . 
FACT : Me and Analeslie Martinez are being boss and doing our project 
Tomorrows Monday , already ? 
Wow my laptop charger broke , worst timing ever my project on this frekin laptop is due wednesday . 
Watching spongebob , never gets old . 
Algebra 2 final on Tuesday , gonna find a way to tattoo the whole book on my body . 
SUPER8 ! ; So today was pretty good . 10th grade has been the best year yet . 
Tommorows last day of school , let it be the best day of school 
Last day of 10th grade , spent it watching Ace Ventura crying in the shower . No regrets ! 
Doing rolly < PROPFEMALE > olly at Analeslie Martinez house 
1st day of summer , im free !! 
Summer of music ! I need way more memory in my ipod . 
How on God's green earth do you tune a guitar ?!? 
When the world is running down , you make the best of what's still around . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > crowne . Theres so many old people here , how adorable ;) 
Analeslie Martinez : Shammit !! 
Nothing just happend , dont worry about it Analeslie Martinez . 
Its a hundren and ten , but its no problem 
I passed the AP test , fuck yeaah ! 
Best part of tranformers , < PROPFIRST > Dempsey . What a stud . 
I like what i see with my eyes shut . 
6 cops outside my house , man i need to get out of the ghetto 
Words are magic . < PROPMALE > Potter was amazing . 
Oh how I've missed laptop internet , its so much better than ipod internet 
Analeslie Martinez ; im so smart . You know that ' get busy liven , or get busy dying ' is from Shawshank Redemption . 
I got Catcher in the Rye , excited ._. 
Its been 5 years without my first bestfriend , my brother . rip Zelvin ( 9/22/88-7/22/06 ) 
Thought someone was landing an airplane in my backyard . 
I still have faith in humanity , some nice citizen returned my wallet . Didn't even take anything , some people are still nice . 
Just bought tickets to Guatemala , can you feel my swag ? 
DRAGON-RIDER , till i die . 
Out of no where , i thought about Air < PROPMALE > . Man if anything represents my childhood its that dog playing human sports . 
Holy mother of God , im leaving to Guatemala Friday and i have nothing ready 
In Guatemala , im so cool 
Finally on fb , but no ones online :o Que putas mucha ( guatemala ! ) 
In Guatemala . Boss 
LAUSD thinks they can take chocolate milk away from me . Im taking nesquik to school next month . Gonna buy it in bulk ! 
Im happy with a new little guy in the cuevas family 
Nothing better than being in Guatemala when they win 4-0 
Gracias a dios ya llege a Los < PROPFEMALE > . Quiero mucho a mi familia en Guatemala , yo si via ir para tras lo prometo 
Oh my God bro , i need a folder for almost every class . Guess how many i have ? NONE 
Don't you just hate when you copy down the wrong problem , so now it's like your doing math for fun . Not my intention ! 
Already home , i ate me some junk food while walking . So it cancels each other out right ? 
Never ever ever smoking crack , never ever ever fucking wack . 
There was light in the room , then you left and it was through ~ ( Avett Brothers ) 
Saw The Kooks , this makes me wanna start a band . Get ready for the \Jaguar Jazz \"" 
So much tv , but so much homework . Making a executive decision , tonight ... no sleep . 
Lieutenant is what i be . 
There's really nothing better than facebook , watching < PROPMALE > cowell , and listen to new music . Life is good yawl . 
< PROPMALE > football games . Ah teenage mysteries 
Ima frame this shit 
Awh yeah Buffalo Bills . Dah Bills ! 
I hate who ever had my U.S. History book before me . They put stupid dots on every paragraph . Its annoying me jeeezus 
Bus going at warped speed !! Btw , had a good day 
Who loves Baseball , which in turn means you love < PROPFEMALE > . Go Rangers ! 
Can't be a better halloween then this . A lot of it is because i got a C in math analysis ! Gonna learn how to do a cartwheel and bust one out s.a.p. 
Does rain cancel out smog and pollution because i can actually see the hollywood sign on the freeway 
< PROPFIRST > mendez was here haha :D 
J.m. Ps : < PROPFEMALE > is awsome :D 
Artist : Beastie Boys\ 
Favorite Song : Get it Together , Brass Monkey \ 
Worst Song : Boomin Granny ._. \ 
Lms for an artist ; b 
I have no life , i took a personality exam ( over 500 Q's ) and it really brought to light some of my problems hahah ... depressing 
