life 

life is on my mind 
New photos of the show , check them out and post some comments if you want . Either way it happened I'm just sharing a little piece of the experience , hope you enjoy . 
trying to find my half sister , seems pointless , but i want to know . 
Fuck the last name Smith , it makes it incredibly difficult to find who im looking for , but in all respects a middle name would help :/ 
Energy directs my life and flows through yours , even after my death . It is the only resource I need to iive . 
double decker bus and the bird in the lawn chair goes tweet tweet tweet and floppy dangle part ... apple cart in summery 
If we are what we eat , are cannibals the only true humans ? 
Holy fucking shit , just finished watching Dead Space : Downfall . Entire first game makes much more sense and that movie was disturbing to put it lightly . All in all amazingly gruesome anime movie , plus a great idea to watch right before i go to sleep . 
Must own Dead Space : Downfall and buy Dead Space 2 when it is released . Still need the first one though haha but i already finished it . 
... lonely , Trapped inside my mind no matter how I express the thought it still screams at the back of my head and I don't want it to go away ... I just want her to answer , but all I hear is silence . I shouldn't worry , I have my life to take responsibility for and the weight of the thought is too much to bare with my life just beggining , but I don't want to drift apart and lose the chance ... Let me out ! 
If I hate people , then i hate life , but I love life . So do i love the people ? I think the person that hates people must hate life , but what this person doesn't understand is that hate is of their own life and that hate within them spreads to the people in their life . If you spread love you will cease to be filled with hate , The balance must begin within yourself before the balance can spread to the world . 
Brass monkey that funky monkey ! 
carpe diem !!! 
Mexican/russian resturaunt .... burrito union XD it exsists ! 
If voting changed anything , they'd make it illegal . 
I didn't go to work today ... I don't think I'll go tomorrow . Let's take control of our lives and live for pleasure not pain . 
< PROPMALE > year pictures are finally up . 
my taste buds were racist before i discovered racial humor . 
woo for tsunami i actually got to sleep in , i feel bad for everyone it impacted , but this is one hell of a friday ! 
Anyone heard of that movie drive angry ? think about it , i realized this myself its Taken with cars and < PROPMALE > cage ... I never want to see such a movie . 
I have a question is a kamikaze zombie an oxymoron ? 
