I molested myself last night . I said no but I knew I wanted it anyway . 

Why can't we just eat pizza all weekend long ?... really ... 
having panic attacks !!!! AHHHH ! I hate being nervous !!!! 
Flutterbys in my tummy ... dammit !!! 
I'm so excited !!! My baby is coming to stay with me this weekend ! 
damn tuesday .......... 
3 to get ready 
1 for the money .... 
just sitting here wishing I was somewhere else or he was 
Here's to another loooonnggg week .... 
yea !!! my kitchen is finally put back together !!!!! 
this day is already B.S !!! I just want to go back to bed .... 
Ok , my day just got better .... 
So glad this damn week is over !!! 
I'm gonna stay very busy this week ..... 
Anytime I see something screech across the room and latch on someones neck , and the guy screams and tries to get it off , I have to laugh because what IS that thing ?! 
is gonna do my favorite thing tonight 
Can't believe I'm actually excited about Monday .. 
Curiousity killed the cat but satisfaction brought her back 
Seriously ?!?! I hate the fact < PROPFEMALE > is somehow always right when it comes to me . She must be an Alien !!! 
la da di di da .... 
Just like I like .... 
The fountain of youth is NOT in Florida , I'm thinking I have the fountain somewhere inside me .... and to find it I have to get the hell out of here 
wishes she could sleep all day ... 
Crowded elevators smell diferrent to midgets ..... 
Sex is not the answer . Sex is the question . Yes is the answer . 
thinks you do things either out of inspiration or desperation . Where are you at ? I'm in inspiration mode . Thank you < PROPMALE > for reminding me ... 
Circus lights are shutting slowly down but still you're up in the air and loving your wings , my dear you play the clown , you're still up in the air and loving your wings , what's gonna happen when you come down ? 
I only smile in the dark , my only comfort is the night gone black ..... 
had a nightmare last night , hate those damn things .. 
Ahhhh !!!! I can't sleep !!! I just wanna sleep . DAMN ! IT ! To Whatever !!!! 
not happy !!! AT ALL !!! in fact I'm very upset and the only thing that makes me feel a little better is this stupid facebook update . How pathetic .. 
Ouch ... 
Now I see why christians need/believe in faith ... ha ! 
nevermind ! I'm having THE most stressful week that I've had in 6 months . I'm to old to throw a fit . So now what ? I just want a hug and for it be O .. K 
Relationships are a two way street . Not a highway and a bike path ... 
I know that in some bent w ) your need for detachment fits my need for attachment , that's it . 
* way 
is impatiently waiting 
is missing her friend . 
Dammit ! Can't sleep .... why is it the older I become the more I get anxious . Please no obvious answers . Already know the ins and outs ... 
The ropes are broke , there's no net ... and I am just waiting to see what comes next ... 
busy , busy , busy week ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! 
There was a little girl that had a little curl right in the middle of her forehead . When she was good she was very very good and when she was bad she was horrid . 
Damn it !!!!! where is < PROPFEMALE > when u need her ? Happy fuckin Turkey day . Thank ypu and goodnight . < PROPMALE > has left the building 
I'm sick . I feel like complete shit ! I'm going back to bed 
