can't wait to be in Louisville in mid-October !!!! Here's hoping that all things keep falling into place . 

is very excited to be headed to Kentucky Oct . 14-20 ! Can't wait , am looking forward to fall leaves , the city parks , and seeing everyone again . 
has got to decide on what to pack , can't take everything . Looking forward to being in Louisville in less than a day ! I feel like I am going home ... 
loves Halloween and all the orange and black ! Saw a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > show with my cousin and now feel compelled to do something for the holiday . Maybe gummy worm chocolate cupcakes .... ah , just need a few more hours in the day . 
must focus and write . Just need four little hours to get this project done . Somehow it will get done today . 
thinks her calendar is deceptively empty today . What to do ? Maybe cleaning up the piles of paper and some actual work .... 
is coming to Texas in a few days . Still working out the details ( of course ) , but want to see those of you in the Huntsville/Houston area . It's been way too long ! 
is attempting to clean the office and work on the department budgets . Ugh , how did all this stuff get here ? I have only been here since June and have enough paper in here to have saved a small < PROPMALE > . 
is headed to Texas for a few days . Looking forward to seeing a lot of you down that way . Have to top dinner last night : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Yearwood were a couple of tables away from us . 
is Strategizing on how to use my Woo without seeming negatively manipulative . Perhaps manipulation is okay if the result is really good for everyone in the end ? Anyway , I am committed to using my Strengths for good , not evil , so I will be nice .... :) 
just finished organizing the recycling pile under my desk . Yes , really . That's my accomplishment for the morning . 
wishes that I had more than one Executing Strength ( and that doesn't mean I want to hurt people , more like I want to get things accomplished ) . Will make do with the Influencing and Strategic Thinking ones I suppose .... 
just doesn't understand much of anything . But , I fervently believe that all things happen for a reason and there is not a thing that can't be figured out , lived through , and that doesn't result in a blessing when it is all said and done . 
is both thankful and thoughtful today . My head is full of so many thoughts , coversations and experiences that getting through all of it will take some time . 
thinks that the days just get a little crazier . But again , there is a reason and a purpose to everything . Little afraid of what I may be being prepared for though . :) 
thinks Friday is a wonderful day . Wait - how did it get to be Friday already ? 
has been reunited with my phone . It was lost for about six hours , as was I without it . I suppose I can admit to a little addiction to my telephone . But , for the record , I have a lot of help enabling that addiction . :) 
ugh !? 
Must . Grade . Papers . Seriously , I am the only one in my little instructor group who isn't finished . :( 
may have a clean desk in a few days . My goal is to have things somewhat in order before I leave for ACPA . 
is wondering if my phone is wearing out at all the text messages . Seems that some of them are taking a looong time to come through . I have literally already met the people or taken care of whatever by the time they show up ..... odd . 
thinks that it is kinda cool that I have at least three cousins planning to attend NSU next year . 
has decided that I never want to have to go to court for anything as a result of my own behavior . I will really stop at stop signs , use . turn signals , keep insurance verification in the car , and not speed so much . Or anything else .... 
thinks it's a beautiful spring day , perfect for anything outside , but I need a < PROPMALE > nap . What to do ?? Ugh , sleep wins this round . :) 
really doesn't like it when my allergies go crazy . :( 
thinks it's a long and winding road ... 
is remembering , along with many other people , < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Hoping peace and good memories comfort her family , friends , colleagues , and students . 
doesn't like it when something isn't good for you and it isn't going to change and you keep thinking it will be better . SIGH - gotta love that human nature thing . :) 
has realized that I don't like it when the neighbors mow their yard and yours looks worse by comparison . When I left home this morning my yard didn't look so bad . Now it does .... So I feel compelled to mow , or in reality , have someone else mow . :) 
is reminded how much of an impact one person can make on many . Remembering < PROPFEMALE > Averill as a dedicated student affairs professional who loved what she did . I appreciated her time and her enthusiasm and am glad to have had the < PROPMALE > to know her . 
took some Cub Scouts to NSU today . They had a great time at < PROPMALE > Hall and I don't think they broke anything . :) Thanks to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for showing them around . You all made their day ! Pictures coming soon . 
doesn't quite know what to think about the fact that I am beginning to recognize some of the names of UFC fighters . Which leads to some contemplation ... 
would like us all to remember that it does not take very long to stop and give something a second thought ( perhaps even a third one ) . Think , people , and be good . And yes , I am reminding myself of this as well . ;) 
is thinking , planning , reflecting , and remembering today . 
is so done with that . 
has apparently inherited Mom's ability to pack seemingly infinite items into a finite space . Woohoo ! 
Is missing Louisville and all the fun around the Derby . 
thinks that sunscreen is a great invention , but should have remembered it BEFORE sitting out in the sun yesterday . Now I have to even out my arms before wearing anything sleeveless . So much for the cute new shirt til later .... 
had a crazy kind of day . My schedule this week looks a little scary .... Still confident that there are some good things to come though .... 
is figuring that the events of the last few months are catching up to me . That has to be the reason I am a little off my game this week .... :( Am sure it will be better soon . :) 
It's Thursday ? Really ? Not sure how that happened ... 
thanks Sedelta Oosahwee for the lolly flop pickup . Woohoo ! My whole office is combing through the bag right now ! 
thinks that you have to love when you finally understand why some things happen , even if you don't particularly like any little bit of it . I believe , both fervently and hopefully , that all things do have reason and purpose . Maybe , just maybe , the happiest and best things are really yet to come . Our jobs are to be honest , open , patient , and receptive to that . :) 
has the following goals for the Strawberry Festival ; 1 ) not to lose any boys along the parade route and 2 ) even out the farmer's tan . If I had to pick one .... 
is thankful for the influence of my amazing mom . I miss her so much , but am glad she left me with more strength than I can see , a faith that only deepens , the need to make sure everyone is valued , and the ability to not take myself so seriously . Thank God for my mama and her powerful and enduring influence . I wish you were here to talk with ; I miss that every day .. 
thinks that you gotta love it when students quote you . Dr. Woods said ... and then I get a little nervous . Actually , I am just glad that there is someone listening ! Up next : productive application of what's being said ! :) 
believes the NSU Collegiate 4-H Bake Sale is the best one I have ever seen . For those of you in Tahlequah , come by the UC until 2:30 today and support this great group . Reese's cupcakes , apple cinnamon cupcakes , brownies , Puppy Chow , cinnamon rolls , fruit and more . Very proud of this organization ! 
is wondering what IS on my mind . I usually have about six separate thoughts all happening at once . Is it possible that there is just too much to separate into individual thoughts right now ? I know one thing - I am thankful for a lot of things , some of them even surprise me . :) 
am thnking that it really is darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > . But wow , what a feeling when morning finally breaks . :) Maybe , just maybe , there is a light at the end of one of my tunnels . 
is grading after the Scout meeting . And grading and grading and grading . It's my own fault . :( Yes , I know none of you are surprised . 
thinks that I am done with grading . At least all the papers I have found . Please , don't let there be a forgotten stack somewhere ..... Up tomorrow : the stack of neglected messages and the incredible stash of papers on my desk . Seriously now , where did the budget papers that needed to be reviewed go ? They were here a minute ago ..... 
is believeing that the light at the end of one tunnel is really getting brighter . It takes a lot of light to break through deep darkness and sometimes the most difficult thing is to not tire of the responsibility you have in lighting up tunnels for others . And it doesn't matter if you don't want to , shouldn't have to , or find all of your own tunnels blocked . 
thinks my nephew < PROPMALE > has some good ideas . However , finding a tree on which to scrape my peeling sunburn is not one of them . 
is wondering if I should be embarrased that my shoes are from the clothing line designed by Miley < PROPMALE > . Probably , but where else could I find brown metallic sneakers ? And yes , they are cuter than they sound .... 
believes , even when it makes much more sense not to do so . 
is planning an excellent adventure . Well , just a small road trip .... 
is wishing I was a bit more detail oriented . Okay , what I really wish is that someone else would keep up with all the little things as I have no < PROPFEMALE > to do so . Maybe a little drive will clear the cobwebs of my mind .... 
saw a semi truck back into the Sonic lot for a delivery today on the way to work . I was completely fascinated ! I know I would be a horrible failure as a truck driver and that I try to avoid driving my car in reverse now , but I really , really wanted to try backing up that semi today . Wonder if I asked nicely if the driver would let me try ..... :) 
doesn't really like e-mails that make me cringe . 
knows that the spring semesterjust ended but is thinking about the opening fall activities at NSU . More so about the people who are going to welcome students and their families to campus . I feel today's meeting could be the start of something great . I appreciate the packed room and the ideas this morning ! 
is still happy about the meeting yesterday and appreciates the good comments . The energy is flowing ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Turner , < PROPFEMALE > L Moore , < PROPFIRST > Rolph Arbaugh , < PROPFEMALE > Crosslin Buhl , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy , Saxon Campbell , < PROPMALE > Priest , < PROPFEMALE > Wiard , < PROPFEMALE > Jones , < PROPFEMALE > Myers , Norm Wika , < PROPFIRST > Junkens , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Lipscomb , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
would also like to thank Sedelta Oosahwee for being a good contributor to this week's welcome events meeting ! I can't believe I forgot you , Sedelta . I count on you for so many things . 
is thankful to and remembering all our Veterans and service members today . My Daddy , nine uncles , and generations of grandfathers are all Vets with stories as far back as the Civil War . Service to one's country is indeed one of the higest callings a person can answer . 
sighs at the fact that a new fiscal year will begin soon . That does not , however , mean that we really have money to spend , now or later . Don't buy anything . Really . I'm trying to say that with a smile . :) 
is going to try to find something to do in Stilwell . Yes , that probably means wondering around Wal-Mart . Am laughing becuase I never though I would be excited to take a trip to Omaha , NE but am pretty sure that will be a good time . Strengths conference , traveling companions I actullay like , and stuff that stays open past 8 p.m. :) 
thinks I should probably go to sleep now if I have any shot of actually getting to work at 7 a.m. How fun am I on the waking up side of 7 ? None , I foresee low productivity until about 10 . :) 
seems to be dropping things and words are blurry . Is this what happens when you have to wake up at 5ish in the morning ? Will be in bed well before 10 . Ugh . 
is thinking it may have been a good idea to bring all I needed for Omaha to the office today . Leaving at 6 a.m. tomorrow , who's idea was that ? Ah , now I remember ...... :) And , what do you all think ? Can I sell Saxon's cool Strengths posters for enough to get us through the end of the fiscal year ? 
is on the road ! Woohoo ! Let's see what happens between Tahlequah and Omaha . 
Hmmm ... :) 
is on the way back home . What to do with all this information ? Driving the Maximizer in me crazy ... 
finds that it is nearly impossible for me to do just one thing at a time . And I think I have a giant problem sitting idle . I have tons of thoughts in my brain from this conference and hope I can get to some of them . :) 
144 Post-It Notes of ideas from this Strengths conference . That's what happens with six people leveraging Strengths , energy , and enthusiasm . South of Kansas City now and still rolling toward home . 
isn't really sure that I like that movies from when I was a kid are being remade . My cousin < PROPFEMALE > and the man staning outside the theater agree with me on this one . Jaden Smith is a cute kid , but he is NO < PROPMALE > Macchio . 
is happy to have had one of those days where you figure out that something you did mattered . I am proud of a student and friend , who has a long battle ahead . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Turner , Sedelta Oosahwee , < PROPFEMALE > Crosslin Buhl , and < PROPFEMALE > Self . Very well done , team . Keep up prayers and positive thoughts , we aren't finished yet . 
is surprisingly tempted by this position announcement . Check it out : http://www.higheredjobs.com/details.cfm?JobCode=175442140 
is saying thanks to < PROPFIRST > A . Muck and < PROPFIRST > M Byrd for sitting with me a while today after I got really dizzy ( and apparently very white ) after giving blood . That hasn't happened before ; I appreciate the concern ! < PROPFIRST > and I went from that to having a very nice first class meeting ! 
thinks these 10 hour days are turning out weird . Meetings today from 8:30 a.m. and finally finished around 7 p.m. Wonder when I am going to get all my work done ? Good things are happening at NSU ... :) 
is pretty sure that having nails pounded in my head would feel better than some meetings I have to sit through . But , some other meetings more than make up for the bad ones . :) 
has the office all to myself since we are technically closed on Fridays ( although I wasn't even in the door when a student asked for some help ) . A little < PROPFIRST > Cash to keep me company and I am going to clean out the e-mail account . 
has a completely EMPTY e-mail account for work ! Everything is in a proper place with notes and stars for follow up . That junky box was completely stopping my progress . Woohoo ! 
thinks some things just aren't as good when you can't share them with the people you love the most . 
is remembering Daddy today . I think it is better to have had a good dad and wish he would have had a longer life , than to have a bad one around for a longer time . Thankful to have had good parents who loved each other and me . 
is wondering why people are yelling at their employees . I know some jobs aren't fun , but I don't like hearing stuff like that ; not many reasons to yell in front of other people . Or at all really . Ugh . 
thinks that I saw signs of a good REC meeting today . We ran out of chairs at a huge conference table and had to copy more agendas . I am humbled and energized by the support of my colleagues . NSU is better for your willingness to dig into the work of transforming our campus culture . 
Ah , some people . Know what you are good at , do those things , leave the rest alone . I think it is a good idea to forget exactly whose job something is and just all do the things we do best for the overall good of the cause . 
is in a bit of a reflective mood . Thursday marks my one year anniversary at NSU ! Time has flown and I absolutely can't believe everything that has happened . I can honestly say there was very little I could have predicted . Thank God for the good , the bad , and the in-between . But , this year can I have a little more good ? Please ? :) 
is thinking . And with that a list of other things : hoping , planning , believing , praying , wishing , and sighing . Yeah , can't really do one thing at a time apparently . 
listened to a little bit of < PROPMALE > , the Beatles , Bon Jovi , and < PROPMALE > Stone on the way to work today . Yes , I am my mama's daughter and grew up in the 80's in a small Oklahoma town . Wouldn't want it any other way ! :) 
finds it a little bit funny that I get credit for getting so many things done with my really low level of Executing/Striving Strengths ! Very glad that there are many ways to accomplish things and that it can be done with Influencing and Strategic Thinking Strengths . :) 
thinks that my lotion makes me smell like the lemon cookies that were a favorite on < PROPMALE > House at OSU . Wonder if they still makes those .... 
is learning again that one of the most important things in any type of relationship is to be able to talk without running out of topics . And to focus on the other person a bit . Miss that , way cool when you find it . 
is so very tired that I am going to take a shower and go to sleep . Yep at 7 ; 45 pm . Hope it's just because I barely slept last night . Feels like I am my Wii age on that test that I think is made for right-handed people ! 
has so very much to think about ...... 
.... and it feels much more manageable after a drive home with the window down on what has to be a perfect July day ! 
thinks that Mom would have laughed at me today . She definitely would have been right with me . :) 
has to get some work done tonight . That's what happens when your day is comprised of meetings , meetings , and , oh , more meetings . 
thinks it is good to know that you have friends who would bail you out of jail . What I really think is that we would be in on it together and then need yet others to bail us out . But note that this is a theoretical comment , after visiting jail I never want to have to stay and resolve to be good . 
is thinking about the rain . Love that it cools off July . But , my yard is going to look like a < PROPMALE > soon , pretty sure I'm going to start molding , and on my sprint into the post office I nearly took down three senior citizens . One probably recognized and another flattened himself against the railing . Must slow down . 
got a lot of little things done in the office today . Hmmm , almost forgot what that felt like . Wonder what happened ? Oh yeah , we are technically closed on Fridays so I am the only one in the office right now ..... :) 
is a bit restless . I think for both short and long term . Think I will hit the road to see if I can take care of the short term and think about the long term ..... :) 
took care of the shor t-t erm restlessness . Whoever put Best \ 
Buy next to < PROPMALE > made my day . Doesn't take much , I guess . Today feels like one of those good ones , nice after a rough few months . 
isn't really feeling that today was a day of rest . I haven't been home since I left before 10 this morning . Getting ready for the last thing of the day to begin . And then , some serious bonding with the couch , maybe I will bond with the Wii and the puppies too . :) 
can so tell it is Monday morning . This better not be shades of things to come today . And I'm so not a morning person ... 
thinks it was definitely shades of things to come . This is the first minute of unbusy since this morning at six . Except for a few minor bumps , another day of good work by my colleagues in Student Affairs , Campus Police , REC , and Housing . I believe our summer break is officially over . 
is realizing that months of brainstorming , planning , and work starts to culminate tomorrow . Our new version of University Strategies will begin as we start training . What a process , one I think well worth the time involved . And more good news : we have the go ahead to order our NSU Coins ! Yes , ideas to action in less than two months ! Feeling some positive change here ! 
thinks it has been a long week so far ! Enjoyed the University Strategies training today and hope all the participants did . I appreciate all the interaction , feedback , and that it only looked like one person was dozing for a little while . Go use those Strengths for good , not evil ! :) 
asks that you remember my Uncle Slim in your prayers as he is undergoing tests to determine what is wrong with his lungs tomorrow . 
doesn't really know what happened to the day . I think I spent most of it looking for pieces of missing paper . 
and Sedelta Oosawhee are on our way to somewhere in Peavine to a hog fry to recruit future NSU students . We have pencils and brochures . No directions or clue where we are going . If no one hears from us in a few days .... 
is feeling like I have some things to think about , but have a bit of a cloudy mind right now . Not the combination one needs to have to move forward , maybe that means I just need to let things come to me and not force them .... 
thinks it is nearly impossible to play the focus game on Wii Fit if you have dogs trying to sit on your lap . I give ! Off to get ready for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding ! 
believes that it is too hot outside . Actually , am probably just a wimp . Will feel better after a shower . 
wishes this allergy stuff was over . Hate laying around like this with so much to do and I miss having Mom to whine to about it all . I think most people will always want their mamas when they feel bad . 
wonders what this week will bring . Hope it starts off well with a positive REC meeting . Hmmmm ....... 
is blaming < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , Sedelta Oosahwee , and Saxon for my afternoon work . I couldn't do anything else , so I worked on a mock up of our StrengthsGame Board . This should teach you all to have creative ideas early at a Monday morning REC meeting . This thing is gonna be cool ! Ideas welcome ! :) 
is praying for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and his wife < PROPFIRST > as they prepare for his surgery tomorrow . Please add them to your prayer list , they are my spare parents and a big part of my Texas family . 
may have to skip my fun , lazy plans of the day due to a dumb ear infection . Had to think seriously if that going to the doctor was worth the associated frustration . But I'm here , with a book to keep me company 
hasn't done this much of nothing in .... maybe never . Being sick is no fun , not really good at just sitting around . :( 
has had the movie Music and Lyrics nearly on a loop this weekend . I like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > when he is awkward and goofy . Which is good because I think it is about all he does .... 
is thinking about the circle of life . Rest in peace , Miss Georgia : to my mama you were family and she wished she could make fried chicken like yours . Your life gave me a fine example to follow . And welcome Kason < PROPFIRST > Soap , the newest in a long line of cousins . May he be raised well in the love of our family . 
has found the way to teach about appropriate behavior utilizing social networking sites . Watching it unfold now 
had military friends drop by to chat today . Asked if they wanted my job after handling a small issue . They said no and remarked that if they wanted to feel better about their jobs , they were going to come < PROPFEMALE > out in my office . Realized a bit later that a good portion of their job is to be trained for combat ... And they still don't want my job ? I love my job ! They are fun guys , glad they stopped by to visit ! :) 
managed to get through a funeral with the same service and burial locations as Mom's today with only a minor breakdown . I will call that good 
is heading to Tahlequah to fly to Kansas City for the day . Kinda cool 
realizes that the vacation day didn't really work out . I got to the office after Kansas City about 5 p.m. and will leave in just a few minutes . Other than that though - there has been plenty to make this a smiley , happy kind of day ! :) 
thinks for a day when I shouldn't technically be working , I sure am running late to an awful lot of things . Heading out the door to the next thing ..... 
is thinkg of my Granny on her birthday . Miss you much ! Headed out with the Scouts and invited a new person along . Let's see if he can survive that wild little pack ! 
Hmmm , well , okay . I think it is time to sit down and reprioritize things . And yes , just yesterday I said that I wasn't sure if I was ready for what's next after all these big life changes and just wanted to be still . Yeah , that has apparently lasted one day . Must think . 
seriously should have known better . 
is glad to have one of those days where you are that good kind of tired . So thankful to have people in my life who leave me smiling all the time throughout chaos . This day asked for a lot , but sure gave more back . I am amazed ! :) 
doesn't know if I should be sad , worried , or disheartened because a visitor to my office commented \You have a lot of stuff in here . \ " That was AFTER I had sent a pile of publicity out on campus and BEFORE two big boxes of Strengths stuff was delivered . Well that's August in Student Affairs ! :) " 
has some great colleagues here at NSU . I appreciate the extra efforts of < PROPFEMALE > Cox , < PROPFIRST > A . Muck , < PROPFEMALE > Turner McGowen , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Parrish , < PROPFIRST > Searcy , and many others . You all keep me laughing , working , and looking to the bright side ! Go August ! 
thinks that was fun while it lasted Oh wait , no it wasn't . 
worked about 15 hours this weekend . Hoping that tomorrow may be calm enough to slip away and clear my head . Certainly too many things running around in it . 
wishes everyone was smart enough to know what was best for them . Or would ask . Ugh . 
thinks that just because one has the ability to do something , doesn't make it the right thing to do . We must think carefully outside of ourselves before we decide a course of action . 
wants to thank the NSU PD for allowing me to be a little high maintenance tonight and delivering boxes of stuff to my office just a minute ago . < PROPFEMALE > Crosslin Buhl , make sure all your staff know just how much I really appreciate them . I feel like they always have my back ! :) 
thinks that these NSU Coins are pretty cool ! 
is inviting all of my NSU friends to our first Coin Ceremony at 10 this morning in the gym . At 10:30 come line the path from the Gateway Fountain to Centennial Plaza as we welcome our freshmen .. 
hopes that Freshmen Connections is off to a good start for all of our new students . The first Coin Ceremony was very nice and I was pleased with the my group in the Strengths session this afternoon . They actually were paying good attention and asked some great questions ! 
invites everyone out to Seminary Hall tours with Dr. Farinelli at 12 and 3 . Joinus at the Campus Ministeries Cookout at 6 on Beta Field . 
is so taking a nap today . Maybe a 4 hour one . Then I should be able to tackle a list of things ! 
starts my 19th fall on a college campus tomorrow . Four degrees , four states , seven institutions and it is all still completely exciting ! Happy fall to all my higher < PROPMALE > colleagues out there and welcome back , RiverHawks ! 
thinks that didn't work out quite like I had hoped . Hmmmm . 
is mentally preparing to carve the pig at the RHA Luau They tell me it is an honor to be asked . Wondering about that ..... Just for the record though , I DO consider it an honor an appreciate the invitation ! Thanks , RHA ! 
loves the beginning of Psalm 46:10 : Be still and know that I am God . Having a little trouble with that being still part , which has got to be why I am having trouble listening to what I should be hearing . On my way to church for a little mid-week attitude check . :) 
is hoping to see strong evidence of the Adaptability and Positivity Strengths in the coming days . Growing isn't easy ! 
is thankful to the person who invented text messaging . I never thought I would say that ! I get a lot of unfun messages , but the good ones make up for them ! 
Happy Birthday to my Mama ! It is amazing to me how I can miss her so much and her influence be so powerful and real at the same time . Mom - do I have some stories for you ! Something tells me you may have a bit to do with some of them . I wish you were here to listen and help me figure some stuff out , but more than anything I think we would laugh . I love and miss you . 
thinks that being rested feels strange . Oh well , probably won't last long ! Service Sunday today at 2 pm , we are leaving from the UC Circle Drive . Do something good for someone else ! 
is covered in dirt from our first Service Sunday with the Cherokee Nation . Very much worth the time invested . Join us next Sunday for more powwow grounds preparation for the National Holiday . 
thinks it has been a very long day . A somewhat unwieldy one at that . Much to think about on the drive home . 
is so done with that . Again . 
is thoughtful tonight and wondering what may be next . 
is tired and happy to see three open hours on my schedule for tomorrow ! Perhaps that will be the time in which I get it together ! :) 
finds that I work much faster with Bon Jovi music in the background and some proper motivation . 
fortune cookie says \A refreshing change is in your future . \ " I think I will take that one ! Hmmm .... " 
encourages everyone to come out to Service Sunday . We will leave at 2 pm from the UC Circle Drive . You can also meet out at the powwow grounds . Do something good for your community ! We will be back on campus around 5 . 
loves the turnout for Service Sunday ! 30 students , faculty , and staff turned out today to rake , clean arbors , and paint at the Cherokee Nation Powwow Grounds . That's the spirit of Northeastern . < PROPFIRST > your calendars for Sept . 19 and 26 . 
is remembering to pause and pray , to say thank you , to work some things out , ask for wisdom , and to hope that each day is better than the last . And to figure out why the heck it is taking me so long to understand what I should be learning . I know I am missing something , need it to click so that I can move on . 
thinks that sometimes we can all be surprised in ways that make us better , happier , and more ourselves . And sometimes those things happen just in time . 
encourages everyone to support the NSU ROTC paintball event beginning at 3 pm today by the library and < PROPMALE > Hall . Proceeds will support their activities . 
finds that I am really happy these last few days . So many things combining for good right now . God really does know what He is doing . Now if I can just get my office to not look like a disaster area ...... 
wonders if anyone else might be excited about hearing music every day from the NSU Clock Tower ? I am looking forward to the possibilities ....... 
is having a rough couple of days and is thankful for those who have given some perspective . Any and all extra thoughts and prayers would be very welcome . 
thinks a nice , long drive to visit Kentucky might do my heart , soul , and mind some good . Looking for a time in mid to late October . 
is absolutely sure that there is a reason for everything that happens to a person and those they love . And that all things combine for something good . So after the last year , I am so ready for it all to come together ! Even in trying times , though , I never forget just how blessed I am . 
had forgotten what is like to actually have time to work . It is amazing what can get finished when appointments are only scheduled for three hours in a day ! 
hopes for strength , wisdom , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is counting my blessings tonight . Definitely have a lot for which to be thankful ! 
thinks that if Mondays are battles in a war , I probably lost today ! Thanks though to < PROPFEMALE > Turner McGowen , < PROPFIRST > Rolph Arbaugh , < PROPFEMALE > Self , < PROPMALE > Waid , < PROPFEMALE > Ritter , < PROPFEMALE > Schuler , < PROPMALE > Flores , < PROPFEMALE > Cunningham Turnerand < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Adneyfor the back up on all fronts today . Lucky to know all of you . It takes a village some days . And I hear sirens in the distance ......... 
has finally looked at the calendar and picked a date to head back to Kentucky . Woohoo ! Hope everything holds so I can get back , it always felt like home to me . Late October should be a beautiful time to be there . 
Wednesday : Did you get confused and think that you were Monday ? Wondering what the heck happened . You need to slow yourself down a bit ....... 
really likes when I hear people using Strengths language around the campus ! Just got an email that started with \Okay Strategic/Maximizer what do you think ... \ " Woohoo ! " 
is remembering that we should pray without ceasing . Pretty sure God meant that , so I'm gonna keep at it . 
Service Sunday is today at 2 p.m. Meet in front of the UC Circle Drive . We are preparing cards for the military men and women who serve our country . We hope to send some small care packages soon . If you can't make it today and want to help , please let me know . 
is so done with e-mail right now . A never-ending battle tonight - check one , three more arrive . Ahhh ! 
thinks that we rarely know the depth of the situations we can handle , the effect we can have on people , and just how much we can care . We are sometimes more afraid of what we CAN accomplish than we are of failure . Strength , wisdom , and faith can overcome anything which entices us to do less than we are called upon to do . 
has just finished teaching Assessment in Student Affairs . Yes , that's right . Assessment from 7:20 to 10 p.m. Oh , yes . Exciting and my class just loves assessment and statistical analysis . 
had no idea that a full < PROPFEMALE > affected people during the daylight . Really , people . Stop . Think . Think some more . Don't do it . 
Service Sunday today at 2 p.m. We are working at the Encore Resale shop for Help in Crisis . Meet at the UC Circle Drive or on-site . Encore is located at 109 N . College . Do something good today ! 
had to make two trips from the house this morning before I remembered everything and was headed toward home three times before I remembered and ran errands I needed to do . Nice weekend , time for some sleep to recoup . 
Wow , this was a long day . 
can't wait to hear music from the NSU Clock Tower ! It is official - we begin on Monday . I kinda want to go stand out there or something ..... Way to go , RECers ! 
can tell we are approaching mid-term at NSU . Paper airplanes flying in class ( isn't that true < PROPFIRST > Adney ? ) , people are starting to get a little snippy ( that's probably me ) , and everyone is tired ( definitely me ) . But , it's the most beautiful time of year in the prettiest part of Oklahoma and there are many reasons to be thankful for the lives we lead . 
let my Assessment class watch the OSU football game during class . Yes , really . Never thought I would do something like that . I think it actually helped the class ... 
is hoping for a good and restful weekend . 
is happy that the perfect fall weather is here . Now that I don't have 100 degree temperatures to whine about , perhaps I can figure out some of the rest of life . 
is awake . I am planning on what to do with my free 30 minutes in my work day . :) The good thing is that I totally love my job ! 
used a LOT of Woo today , mixed in with a little Strategic . Hope it helps . :) 
thinks there are some days that make you laugh out loud . I like those kind of days . 
let her class go early to go to the bonfire . It's Homecoming Week and they really are working hard on thier assessments . 
Is happy that there is a fake < PROPMALE > at Champagne Bingo . Love < PROPMALE > ! 
is hoping for a nice weekend . Looking forward to Service Sunday tomorrow . We leave from the UC Circle Drive at 2 p.m. 
Service Sunday today at 2 p.m. Meet at the UC Circle Drive . We will be helping the Cherokee Nation with painting at the Veteran's Memorial . 
feels rested and relaxed this morning , which is a welcome change . I'm gonna chalk this one up to some pretty nice days filled with good stuff . Hmmm , hope it lasts a while . :) 
is headed to Kentucky very soon . I cannot wait to be there and am hoping for some beautiful fall weather ! Louisville feels like home to me and I am looking forward to a relaxing time with some really great people . :) 
loves it when the day ends with more to think about than you had in your mind as it began . A gentle reminder to keep my eyes and heart open I suppose . 
finds it funny that my phone is way smarter than I am . Can't figure out how to sync it ..... 
had the best time at the RiverHawks ROTC Battalion training simulation ! < PROPFEMALE > Turner McGowen , < PROPMALE > Waid , < PROPMALE > BigDus McGowen , and I got to try some of the simulators . Thanks , < PROPMALE > Nicholls and cadets . We are on to Saxon Campbell's < PROPMALE > show opening now . 
finished travel arrangements for my trip to Louisville . I will be in Kentucky from Oct . 20-26 . There is something about it that settles my mind and my soul ( both of which badly need that right now ) . Woohoo , completely ready to go except for packing , cleaning , and possibly missing some folks in Oklahoma while I'm gone ....... 
thinks that my mind is already in Kentucky or someplace else , completely lost the e-mail battle today . However , my phone is synced with my calendar . That was my big accomplishment today ! :) 
thinks that there is no end to the things in life that make so little sense when they first happen . Watch your words and actions carefeully as they define who you are to those around you . 
was not an efficient packer this morning . Nonetheless , I am at the airport waiting for the first of my flights this morning . Will be in Kentucky in a few hours ! 
loves the Memphis Airport . Or maybe I love < PROPMALE > . Could be lots of things today : trips , planes , friends , Louisville in the fall ..... Who knows ! I think I'm one of those annoying overly happy people today . ;) 
wonders if anyone else has lost their camera memory card IN the machine that prints photos . Yep , just did that . I'm amazing . 
is gonna go look at pumpkins and stuff on a perfect Kentucky morning . 
thinks it is another perfect fall day in Louisville . Time is going by too fast here . Thank God for these last few days . 
is working on my Halloween costume with my good friend < PROPFEMALE > Broyles . I'm gonna be a pirate and Miss < PROPFEMALE > has a lot of good ideas ! 
is in Kentucky with tornadoes of all things . Looking yucky outside . 
is heading back to Oklahoma . I am convinced yet again that Louisville is a wonderful place . 
is home and feels much better now that I have found Stripey the Turtle who escaped from the aquarium . 
Hmmmm . Now what ? Sometimes I think too much . 
isn't feeling any better at all . It makes no sense that it hurts to move when my ear is supposed to be the problem . I really don't do idle well . :( 
still has no energy , but is feeling a little more like a human after having done next to nothing for two and a half days . 
is always an Oklahoma State fan and today was a great day ! Go Pokes ! The win today made a wonderful day even better . 
is realizing just how fragile the strongest things really are . Again . 
has Christmas music stuck in my head and it is November . Early November . 
is thankful for the avenue of prayer . Hope that it helps and I figure out what the heck I am supposed to do . 
is thinking a lot . 
is thankful to those who choose to serve our country in the military . I'm proud of my daddy , uncles , and grandpas for their past service . I pray for my colleagues , friends , and students who currently serve . 
is on the way to Branson for a couple of days . 
wants to remind everyone about Service Sunday today . Meet at 2 pm at the UC Circle Drive . Today's project is with Help In Crisis . 
had a nice weekend thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Ritter , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Ritter , Jagger and < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for including me ! I had a great time seeing Branson with you all ! 
has decided that I am a realistic optimist . The more I think about it , the more it makes sense to me . 
has been on the phone for 71 minutes to fix my cell phone . I don't generally like phones ...... But have finally learned that there is a problem with the phone software and is stuck with boring message and ring noises for about a month . 
knows I work with fantastic people who make me look like I do an amazing job ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > A . Muck , < PROPFEMALE > Self , < PROPMALE > Waid , < PROPFIRST > Barnes Sanders , < PROPFIRST > Rolph Arbaugh , < PROPFIRST > Adney and others for pitching in today . You all are among the blessings in my life . 
encourages everyone to participate in our final Service Sunday of the semester . We will leave campus from the UC Circle Drive at 2 pm and return by 5 . We are working at the Cherokee Nation Courthouse Square . Service Sundays have contributed over 325 hours of service in this first semester . 
is happy to see all the thankfulness abounding in the last few days Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday because most people stop to remember all the good things in life . Wish people would do that every single day , the world would be a different place . 
thinks that today is a day for some reflection , to throw away some junk , and to wonder a little about the possibilities all around . 
realizes that I am consistently in need of more < PROPFEMALE > . 
realized that one year ago today , I defended my dissertation . Time has flown by since then . 
does not know why I have so much stuff . And why most of it is apparently in my car . 
invites everyone who has participated in a Service Sunday project to our appreciation lunch at Mazzio's at 2 pm today . Meet at the UC Circle Drive to caravan or come to Mazzio's . 
wishes that I knew where my gloves were , that the two hour meeting isn't really going to be six as it appears , and that I had all my addresses for our Christmas cards . That's all ! :) 
is so done for the day . Six hour meeting , three questions answered . Gloves are found . Seven Christmas cards heading to their destinations . Many assignments graded and posted . Photo framed . Pile of work left for others in the morning . Letter written and others prepped . Stuff added to the Christmas stocking . Going home . Tired . 
thinks being recognized as a University Strategies teacher is so NOT like being recognized as a rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
wishing I could tell my daddy happy birthday in person today . And although it has been almost 17 years , I still miss you , love you , and think of you . I'm also remembering Mom at the memorial service at Roberts funeral home today . 
is remembering Mom a little more today on the first anniversary of losing her . I miss you every day , mama . Your influence is ever-present . I miss calling you for no reason , telling you what happened during the day , the advice , laughter , and often needed reality checks . < PROPFEMALE > and Skyler miss you a lot , but they are still silly , happy little dogs . Love you . 
has more gift wrap paper than one human being ought to have . I should not even think about buying any for the next decade or so . 
is remembering Daddy today . It has been 17 years today since he died . My life changed that day in ways I couldn't understand , but many times blessings come from sadness and loss . I still miss you , Daddy . 
is ready to have something that doesn't wear my brain out thinking about it . I think after the last year or so something should just be easy . Pray without ceasing is very real to me . 
really isn't a fan of the < PROPFIRST > displays that are in some stores TODAY . I think we all need to slow down . 
thinks stopping at Quik Trip is almost as good as going to Disneyland . QTs are the best gas station stops anywhere , especially when you live in a place like Stilwell . 
wonders about a lot of things these last few days . Wishing all this wondering would turn into some sort of actionable thing I could do more with that just think . 
misses the days when I could throw things together without a thought to survey construction , foundational research , and knowledge of human behavior . Darn Ph . D , everything is more work now or at least more thinking ! :) 
got a lot done at home this morning . That was the best part about the snow . 
clearly would not survive places that are colder than Oklahoma is now . Looking forward to April when my feet may be warm again . 
Well , now that's something I will have to think about for a little while . 
would like to thank my puppies , < PROPFEMALE > and Skyler , for turning on the vacuum while I was gone . Now if you two would somehow use it , that would be more helpful . 
is not good with technology tonight . My phone wouldn't ring , just flash . My calendar was crazy and listed things hundreds of times . AT&T is sending me a new phone and I deleted my calendar and will start over . Tomorrow . 
is headed to Service Sunday . Meet at the UC Circle Drive at 2 to participate . Do something good for someone else today ! 
is happy about the turnout for Service Sunday today ! A big thank you to our 24 volunteers who made 151 < PROPFIRST > cards for veterans and service members . Hope to see even more people next week . 
had to completely delete my calendar due to technical difficulties . The main one being that I couldn't figure out how to stop events from scheduling themselves ( really a reminder for church 53 times ? I know there is something God wants me to learn , but ... ) . Anyway , I have most everything reconstructed , but if you were on my calendar , might be worth reminding me . Which will mean more e-mails ...... 
had a long day . Gave out some NSU Coins to our new freshmen , worked on a < PROPMALE > , got some good news for a student , went to Collegiate 4-H , and almost got Service Sunday pictures posted . Going home now . 
is remembering the 10 along with many other Oklahoma State alumni , students , and friends . Loss is never easy . Time changes things , but you don't stop missing people . God bless the families . 
wishes that Wile E . Coyote would win a few every now and then . 
will knock out some of these emails and piles of work tonight , even of I have to stay here all night ! Okay , maybe just til 7 . Tired of all the undone stuff though ..... 
is finished for a minute or two . Six and a half hours later , I have finally caught up on all of my email . 15 things left in the inbox . I can so deal with that . Please do not send any congratulatory email !. ;) YAY ! 
is ready for Service Sunday . Meet us at the UC Circle Drive at 2 pm to participate . Today's project is with Help In Crisis . 
Owww . This morning hurts . 
wonders if I am the only person over the age of five who included Laffy Taffy in my preparations for the snow . 
thinks the snow is pretty . But I have way to much to do to be stuck inside because of it . 
SNOW . NEEDS . TO . MELT . Or maybe I just need to get myself in gear and quit blaming the weather for my lack of productivity . Okay , that's really it . Must be a grown up and get stuff done . Ugh . 
Ah , blessed sunshine . :) 
loves my oldest pair of jeans . They are faded , patched , and too big but I am wearing them anyway . I am sure that somewhere Mom is wishing shehad thrown them away and thinking she raised me better than this ! :) 
and it is snowing again . Just when I thought I might be able to wear some shoes besides my orange boots . Gonna enjoy the snow day tomorrow , NSU cancelled classes a few hours ago . 
kiinda likes this working from home thing today . Got a lot done so far ..... I do not like the patches of ice that made me stay home though ... Ah , spring , come on .... 
is very happy that my drive back to Stilwell was practically ice free . Woohoo ! 
just finished dinner at Asian < PROPFEMALE > , where they were apparently playing their Love Mix . Lotsa old songs , we cracked ourselves up ..... 
is heading to Service Sunday . Meet at the UC Circle Drive at 2 pm to participate . 
is reminding all of you NSU people that the RiverHawk Engagement Committee ( REC ) is meeting TODAY from 3-5 p.m. in the CASE Conference room . We are looking for people who want to make a difference on this campus . REC has implemented initiatives including the NSU Coin and Service Sundays . Everyone is welcome ! 
And so the work day ends . Heading home ..... 
hmmm , what to do , what to do .... 
is thinking this weekend ...... 
It appears that I will live . A shot has already helped and other meds are on the way . Being still really doesn't go well for me , but a nap sounds so good . 
is on the way to Texas for a few days . 
realized that this trip to Texas is the first real road trip since Mom died . I miss her being on the other end of the phone armed with a map since I usually end up taking a least one detour . And I miss her talking to me because I travel during ridiculous hours and need help staying awake . 
Umm , it is 81 degrees in Texas as I head to < PROPFIRST>'s retirement party . 
believes that comfy pjs , bare feet , and a porch swing on a peaceful night should be enough to help figure out most anything . 
Oh , wow . Good thing that I like to think ... and pray ... and be okay with ill-structured issues .... 
invites everyone to Service Sunday today at 2 pm . Meet in the UC Circle Drive for service activities at Sequoyah High School . We will return to campus by 5 . Do something good for the community ! 
is packing up to head back to Oklahoma . I feel like a human being again after being sick and the porch swing was medicine for a crowded mind . 
thinks the road is long . The actual one I'm driving on and the metaphorical ones . 
has become one of those people who can't keep up with all my own stuff . Hmmm , a personal assistant , a driver , a house cleaner . Gotta make my millions in higher < PROPMALE > first .... 
could probably write a fantastic book on some of my higher education stories . < PROPFEMALE > Turner McGowen , how about our reality show ? I still think we could have a great one ! 
wonders why when you know what you are about to do is dumber than a box of rocks , why do you go ahead and do it anyway ? 
Ummm , you can't make things like that up , it has to be real . That's a little scary . 
is going to the Woman to Woman conference in the UC Ballroom C . It is going to be good , everyone is welcome ! 
is sure that I have had better ideas than this one . But , here we go anyway .... :) 
invites everyone to Service Sunday today at 2 . We will leave from the UC Circle Drive . Our site is the Murrell Home . 
Thank you to the 39 people who participated in today's Service Sunday out at the Murrell Home . Love that we had children , adults , Sequoyah students and faculty , and NSU students , faculty , and staff . Wow , y'all make me proud . 
thinks it was a very long day . Just how do so many things keep happening in one little day ? Hmmm ..... 
is at the Cherokee Heritage Center with students from Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville who spent their Spring Break serving our community through the Cherokee Nation . 
is going home with the full knowledge that I may never catch up on all my work .... Ugh , I am totally not a stress prone person , but I have got to get some stuff done .... 
was part of a fantastic meeting . Thank you < PROPMALE > Simmons , < PROPFIRST > Pettigrew , < PROPFEMALE > Turner McGowen , < PROPFIRST > Welch , < PROPFIRST > Grayson , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy , < PROPFEMALE > Roberts , < PROPFEMALE > Boren , < PROPMALE > Cambiano , < PROPFEMALE > Fite , E . Thayne < PROPMALE > , Becca < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPMALE > Enlow . 
is missing Mom a lot these days . Wondering how I'm going to make her advice last throughout my life and how I'm gonna figured what to do without having her to talk to about it all . Thank God I never took her for granted in life and we squeezed all that we could out of each day . 
is thankful for prayer . We have an all-knowing God who ensures that all things happen for a reason and that good things come to those who work according to His purpose . And today I am patient enough not to rush His process for my life . Well , almost anyway . I am really working on the < PROPFEMALE > part :) . 
had a little epiphany today . Help me out with thinking through it : What's the worst piece of well-meaning advice you have received ? 
is back at my desk for practically the first time since 9:45 this morning . I think we have taken care of everything at this point , but now I have my day's worth of work to do . Big thanks to all involved in making sure the multiple issues today were well-handled . 
thinks that the part of my job I like the least is sending out campus-wide emails . Could so do without that most of the time . 
is so very tired . Maybe tonight I will finally rest a bit . 
thinks the sunshine is deceptive today . It's chilly ! 
is heading home to pack for ACPA . Another reminder of how fast this year has flown by and just how much of a fog I have been in the last few months . 
thinks the location if the NW Arkansas airport will make sense in 20 years . Til then I kinda like driving by pastures full of happy cattle along the way . 
Well , gate E15 is apparently at the end of the Earth . 
really needs an assistant . And some gloves . 
is enjoying the ACPA Convention in Baltimore . Needed the time for thoughtful reflection and reconnection . 
went to a session that made me really proud of the work we do in behavior intervention . Way better than what was presented as a national standard . 
is multitasking on my last night in Baltimore . 
is heading back to Oklahoma with a mind full of thoughts . 
just found out that my flight has been cancelled ..... Ugh . 
is now delayed in Atlanta . When I get to my car , I'm going to delay myself from leaving just to be consistent with the rest of the day . 
Seriously , is logic so elusive in this world that there are maybe five of us who get the concept ? 
just marked the first thing off my to do list for the day ( yes , I had a list ) . It was 4:51 p.m. 
is figuring out ( again ) that the most difficult things in life don't get any easier when you try to avoid them . 
is reflecting on living in a small , small town where events are still started with prayer , emcees read awkwardly from scripts , time slows down , and you are related to everyone . 
Service Sunday today at 2 pm . We will be at Sequoyah Elementary School and will complete our project by 5 pm . Please join us in giving back to our community . 
always feels like a better human being after Service Sunday . More pics to follow . < PROPFIRST > your calendars for April 17 at the Cherokee Heritage Center . 
is glad that this Monday is almost over . Looking forward to the rejuvenation of the real spring and counting my blessings . 
