You Best Not Assert Disingenuously ! 

Why do people keep comparing Obama to Hitler ? clearly with Obama being a socialist he is much more similar to Stalin . They should get the mustache right 
R u srs biz ? 
Why do I keep writing complex ideas in my essays ? It makes them harder to correct . Fml . 
Why is there no good Nocturnal Rites torrents ? 
I need to get a racing motorcycle . 
One more final and then it is party time ! 
Draw Muhammad Everyday ! 
Happy Draw Muhammad Day ! 
I love my demonoid account soooooo much !!!! FREE MUSIC 
Prank calling on skype is srs biz . 
Haters gonna hate 
You know what pisses me off ? All this stupid shit people like for some simple snippet . As if anyone actually cares for more than 30 seconds . 
Internet is serious business 
42 penis bombs ! 
I will end < PROPFEMALE > , it is unacceptable they ban me from IRC . 
Remember to vote tomorrow . If you view yourself as a patriot , it is important of you to engage in this civil duty . 
Why is Imperialism so awesome ? 
Why do old people claim they are chocked full of wisdom when they are really chocked full of cocks ? 
Kyrgyzstan is pretty lol . 
Why isn't the GOP capable of making more politicians like Nixon ? 
Why does demonoid have to go into maintenance just as I am about to click torrent ?! Fuck my life ! 
I have 12 languages on < PROPFEMALE > Stone that need to figure out which ones I need to learn . brb learning mandarin lol . 
You should all hail Satan everyday ! 
MTV = television for plebeians 
What is up with people stealing quotes and posting them on facebook ? Do they think they are clever for saying things other people said , who were intelligent enough to create themselves ? Maybe people should be clever by being creative and original . 
War is the < PROPMALE > man's terrorism , Terrorism is the poor man's war - KMFDM 
My philosophy , in essence , is the concept of man as being too retarded for real philosophy but not retarded enough for Scientology . - Ayn Rand 
In dreamland we will not obey the masters 
I cannot imagine anything more badass than having your last name be Warfield 
How do I friend < PROPFEMALE > Chapman the hot Russian Spy on Facebook ? 
Why can't more people enjoy cutting sarcasm ? 
Who is one to question the sanity of a twisted mind ? 
Colors too bright so dream in black and white . 
Do I look like < PROPMALE > Tarantino ? 
lol drama llamas ! 
We can't stop here , this is bat country ! 
So I went to the library today and I ask the guy if he had any Voltaire and he seemed oddly excited that I was asking for Voltaire , he was way too excited . I guess some people get boners for 18th French satire . 
dew neh loh moh 
I have no pity for the majority - kmfdm fan 
This isn't this is ridiculous 
Did you know the < PROPFEMALE > landing was fake ? Yeah , they filmed it all on a sound stage on Mars . 
We need Christmas in July ! 
I saw Inception , it was a good movie and that was it . People who are comparing the movie to The Inferno is a tasteless comparison and an insult to < PROPMALE > Alighieri masterpiece . 
Political correctness is mind control 
Who is ready to start college tomorrow ? 
My Poly Sci book has unrealistic expectations regarding democracy and its ability \to reach rational decisions because of the collective minds of the population . \ " This will do great when millions of < PROPFEMALE > ns believe that our president wasn't born in < PROPFEMALE >." 
First week of college was awesome . 
http://www.doobybrain.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/obama-bring-back-arrested-development.jpg 
Fear-mongering is a weak strategy done by an even weaker man . 
This Chemistry homework is bullshit boring and trivium . 
God damnit fucking coursecompass not working 
Pretty pumped for my Poly Sci debate ! 
A nation’s true wealth can only be determined by the quality of life for its most impoverish citizens . 
Solving matrices long hand is very tedious . 
Laibach is amazing 
The variety of books they have at the < PROPMALE > is simply amazing , people who do not utilize such an amazing library are really missing out . 
The greatest laughable irony of the states that oppose healthcare reform the most will be the states that need it the most in twenty years due to rampant growth rates of obesity and obesity related diseases that are becoming a serious issue in conservative states . 
Kale_ you are our only hope lol 
Very clever of < PROPFEMALE > \ 
... the recent moves by the Chinese to restrict their exports of rare-earth elements—scandium , yttrium and lanthanum , plus the 14 so-called lanthanides . Today , < PROPFEMALE > supplies 97% of the world’s demand for rare-earth metals , thanks to a far-sighted government policy going back to the 1960s that envisaged the rare earths as “the oil of the twenty-first century” . 
All men are created equally , but upon maturity there is no such thing as universal equality when you consider the merits of men . Some men are just not capable of bearing the weight of responsibility that is governance just as there are men not capable of farming . 
I have a chemistry test tomorrow and our teacher only explained how to convert grams to kilograms , but forgot to mention how to find the density in g/cm^3 of an allow that weights 71.50 kg and has the volume of 3.41 X 10^3 cm^3 . Fuck everything 
The only reason governments wish to regulate the internet as it is the most powerful weapon against tyranny . Any censorship or regulation of the internet is enabling tyranny to be possible . Any suggestion that regulation would help catch the \bad guys\ " is a false pretense to enforce a system that makes sure you don't question the status quo . " 
Damnit megavideo preventing me from enjoying < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Yay ! My computer works again . No more browsing websites on Chinese servers for me lol 
Light the path for those who seek the truth . 
Did < PROPFIRST > Beck rape and murder a girl in 1990 or did he murder then rape a girl in 1990 ? Either way its terrible . If such accusations aren't true , why hasn't he denied such charges ? 
Why is there so much attention to breast cancer when it only kills 12% of the people it affects when Pancreas cancer kills 96% of the people who are affected ? We need a Pancreas Cancer Month much more to raise awareness for this deadly cancer . 
Go Yankees !!! 
Napalm sticks to kids , sticks to their bellies and sticks to their ribs ! 
Sleep is for the week . Time to spend 7 hours doing math homework so I don't have any to do for the next 3 weeks . 
Why is there no Edit feature on comments , just delete ? 
Smoking is the leading cause of cool . 
I've been saying for about two years that the Tea Partiers would become a serious political movement and no one has taken me seriously . Now everyone is saying how big they have become and now everyone is jumping on my bandwagon , what posers . 
It is all about turning the lead into gold . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ruins every party he goes to because he is a born-again Christian fundie . 
Iran , Kyrgyzstan , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Indonesia , and < PROPFEMALE > . This has been quite a year for civil unrest . 
Bringen zee frau mit der schnapps und bier ! 
The mockery of science is the cause of ignorance , and lettuces are not to be given to asses for thistles suffice them - Saint < PROPFIRST > Aquinas 
lol people are still complaining about limewire . Demoniod 4 lyfe 
This is pretty funny\ 
\ 
For about two months , the two sides argued and debated , [ 26 ] with each appealing to Scripture to justify their respective positions . According to many accounts , debate became so heated that at one point , Arius was slapped in the face by < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > , who would later be canonized and became better known as \Santa Claus \"" 
43 million Americans live below the poverty line . 3/4th of Americans earn less than 50,000 a year and there are millions of people are fighting for the rights of those who make over 250,000 dollars a year . Something is clearly not right with this math ... 
The Republicans want to default on our debt which would make our money useless . Its been two days since they took over the HOR and they are already trying to destroy our country . 
If you deny what you < PROPFEMALE > this will just be a mystery play . 
Mexicans taking our jobs ? Its more like Republicans sold our jobs to the Chinese and Indians . 
Doctor Offices don't have caller ID ? What is this the 90s ? 
Currently writing a letter to receive an application to apply for the Prop 20 committee into help redrawing the 54 HOR districts . Voting is simply not enough to keep democracy alive . 
There is no such thing as a master . There is only learners and teachers . And one's journey to learn never ends . One can never be a master in anything , not even a master debater . 
The fact that it is easier to get something like proposition 64 ( 1986 ) and proposition 69 ( 1988 ) on the ballet , which supported rounding up all HIV infected people into “quarantine” camps , than starting a political party in California just goes to show how the two factions in power have come along to dominate the current system . 
Grind the army , the living dead , without destination The faceless crowd is out to kill all kinds of variations 
A man who has a taste of the knowledge not accessible to many will never live peaceably . He will forever be consumed by this knowledge and always hunger for it . 
In living life , one tends to drag on flies , you might as well make them dragonflies . 
In their eyes we are insane ! But aren't daydreamers only the escapists of a soulless view of life ? 
The lips of wisdom are closed , except to the ears of the Understanding . 
Tonight is a blue < PROPFEMALE > 
Everything is Dual ; everything has poles ; everything has its pair of opposites ; like and unlike are the same ; opposites are identical in nature , but different in degree ; extremes meet ; all truths are but half-truths ; all paradoxes may be reconciled . 
As above , so below ; so below , as above . 
I love you so much cha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . You are too delicious . 
By studying that which is small , you can understand that which is beyond the scope of human perception . 
You trace a riddle where few men have been , no more being lost in the middle once you have opened your eyes . 
Wisdom is like fire , that its form is unbound by limit or dictation . Both are infinite consuming forces that never cease their pursuit of quenching their \ 
hunger . 
Is there some event happening that is making it popular for people to change their profile pictures to cartoons or is it just a subconsciously hip thing to do ? 
The question of “is the president too powerful or too enfeebled by congress” is not really the actual question on the back of our minds . It is that “do we want an elected representative government or do we want an elected benevolent autocracy ? ” 
[ IMPORTANT !! ]people change your profile pics back to YOU cuz the group that told us all to change our pics to our fav cartoon characters were a group of paedophiles . They're doing it because kids will accept their requestsfaster if they see a cartoon pic , it's got nothing to do with ... supporting child violence . [ check the news tonight ... & pass it on ! ] 
Youtube comments just go to show how < PROPFIRST > Hamilton was correct in his assertion that the American people are a great beast . 
Muhammad's intent behind Islam was that Jesus was right , but Christians had perverted and manipulated his message to suit their own selfish needs . Looking at Christianity today in < PROPFEMALE > , I could agree more or less that Muhammad was right regarding Christians . 
The soul's temptation manifests in different slaveries . 
Life is the decision , death is decided . 
Who sows the wind harvests the storm . 
Two more essays and studying for math , chem , and poly sci and I have only a day left until finals ? I do like a good challange . 
\Elitists are only villified because they are better than the common folk\ " - Doakes " 
Wrote a 720 word essay regarding the pros and cons of the American Interest group system in under an hour , feeling pretty accomplished . 
Riots in Rome ? I am curious if there will be any more < PROPMALE > riots this year . 
I just found out Goldman Sachs publishes research papers , me reading them would be useful . 
Naps happen 
I got Mass Effect and I have a shotgun that turns people to exploding green goo , its pretty badass . 
What is this bullshit with Xbox avatars ? Can't I just play my goddamn game ? 
I just spent 10 minutes arguing with someone over the definition of \selective breeding . \ " Typical " 
Party time ! 
Don't blame me , I vote for Cobra Commander . 
The riddle is torture . The riddle is pain . The riddle is adventure . The riddle is fun . 
Nationwide unrest and riots in Tunisia . Things get real only 5 days into the New Year . 
The Lebanese government collapsed today and it hasn't even been a month since the riots began in Tunisia and Algeria . 
lol zodiac signs 
Two weeks until a new season of Archer 
5 Trig homework assignments finished and school hasn't even started yet . 
Why is everyone being a butthurt faggot about < PROPMALE > Gervais ? Doesn't anyone know that British people are total assholes to their friends for shits and giggles ? God damn proles grow up . 
What is all this liberal babble about \Free Tibet\ " people are complaining about just because Preisdent Hu is visiting < PROPFEMALE > ? It should be \ " Free East Turkestan\ " since that is where the real atrocities are being committed . " 
Just crushed a fly between my hands 
One treatise down , nine to go ! 
Starting to brainstorm my second treatise , the libertine lifestyle needs to adapt to a modern world . Also lol @ Hosni Mubarak , enjoy your remaining time as president of Egypt . 
\The constitution supports limited government\ " < PROPFIRST > Paul\ 
Would you consider downloading books illegally to be just as immoral as downloading music illegally ? 
Colors too bright ? So just dream in black and white 
That < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg fag who runs facebook can keep his bullshit Time's person of the year award . < PROPFIRST > Assange just got nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for contributions towards freedom of speech . So enjoy your gay award < PROPFIRST > and suck a < PROPMALE > ! 
Last call is not until exactly 2 am , anything before then is fascism . That fucking old guy behind the bar was a huge douche bag for denying me more < PROPFIRST > and coke . 
What the fuck is up with this comic book version of the < PROPMALE > of War ? Was the book too complex without pictures ? If you need pictures to understand Sun Tzu , you shouldn't be reading Sun Tzu . 
There was three options on Facebook for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad : community , interest , and artist . I decided that \liking\ " the artist option was the most avant-garde choice . " 
\Nietzsech is the Lady Gaga of philosophy\ " - Doakes " 
First treatise finished in full . Two more on the way . 
Finally rebellion in Libya . 
The age of imperial hegemony is over . Later < PROPFEMALE > , hello < PROPFEMALE > . 
I don't like being people 
Morocco , Libya , Tunisia , Egypt , Yemen , Bahrain , and Iran . People better start paying attention to the world around us since its going to effect us very soon . Rising oil and food prices are happening because of these conflicts . No one is unaffected by conflict or turmoil in a interconnected global community . 
Finished my second treatise ! 
2:15 p.m. ET - Two Libyan Air Force pilots defected to Malta on Monday after being asked to bomb Libyan citizens , a Maltese government source said . The pilots’ fighter jets were armed with rockets and loaded machine guns , the source said . Malta is a short flight from Libya . 
Everyday should at least have one KMFDM moment . 
I am glad that < PROPMALE > Hintz accepted my friend request since he is a beast 
Its game time in Tripoli , time to flush dictators down the drain . 
Reporting before the mainstream news , but some sources suggest there are currently protests in North Korea . 
\Silence is a war crime \"" 
Kids movies these days are so soft and sheltering . Kids movies need to be more real and honest . Not like when < PROPFEMALE>'s mother was shot or Musfasa was stampeded to death , I am talking about what happened in \The < PROPMALE > of Egypt\ " when < PROPMALE > finds out his father throws babies into the Nile to be food for crocs and hippos in order to keep the lower classes in their place . Now that kept children in line . " 
I am looking forward to an eventful Maha Shivaratri tomorrow and Thursday . 
Smoke blunts as offerings to Lord Shiva , God of Destruction . 
Why is my mouse so sensitive ? This is starting to piss me off and it has nothing to do with paying tribute to Lord Shiva . 
Why can't I find a calculator that can calculate e ? 
Congressman < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is an asshole and a hypocrite . 
Saudi Arabia's day of rage begins tomorrow after Friday's noon prayers . Expect gas prices to skyrocket shortly afterwards . 
Why is everyone caring about Japan ? They are the world's third largest economy , they spend billions on preparing for such disasters and for generations the Japanese have been training for something like this happening . Japan gets help in less than 2 days and Libya has been in a bloody civil war against a tyrant since Feb 14th and there is still no fucking fly zone . World , your priorities are really fucked up . 
I am pretty excited for Michio Kaku's new book \Physics of the Future . \"" 
\World War Three will be a guerrilla information war with no division between military and civilian participation\ " ~ < PROPFIRST > McLuhan 
What is happening in Bahrain is unacceptable , I cannot believe < PROPFEMALE > calls such a country an Ally . 
Instead of wearing green , you should smoke green for Saint < PROPFIRST>'s day . 
Finally a fucking no fly zone , it was starting to get embarrassing . 
There is at least two feet of snow outside and it keeps falling down ! 
To get to paradise you have to < PROPMALE > through madness and deal with monsters that you mind cannot comprehend . Even as you face the trials that will cripple you with insanity if you fail , you cannot stand the notion of going back to life before your awakening . You are now a player in the game . Welcome to the show . 
Has anyone else seen how T-Mobile is ripping on AT&T despite the plans for the merger ? 
Do you believe in action or play victim to your fate ? 
With astrology as popular as it is these days you would think people would be interested in more serious forms of mysticism . 
Finally shit started again in Algeria . Also lol Yemen this coming Friday . 
I want to start a line of large sunglasses and call them gaddafis . 
Globally , the combustion of coal annually releases about 13,000 tons of radioactive thorium and uranium into the atmosphere while globally nuclear power plants only produce 10,000 tons of radioactive waste and the majority of this waste is sealed in giant concert tombs . Somehow we have more of a problem with nuclear power than coal . 
Hahaha Syria 
The Libyan Opposition is in full control of the town of Brega . 
Why is there no Sriracha in my house ? 
Seeing all the possible choices for the \question\ " makes me loose even more faith in humanity . Where are the Ubermensch when they are most needed ?! " 
Libya Opposition claim to have captured Sirta , Qaddafi's hometown . 
Shit is going to get crazy in Syria soon . 
Pr o-O uattara forces have taken a Cote d'Ivoire town from Pro-Gbagbo forces . Hopefully Gbagbo will run out of money before this turns into a full civil war . 
Libyan Opposition forces have been pushed back to Ras Lanuf . I pray that the chemical plant nearby doesn’t end up getting destroyed . 
“The possession of Knowledge , unless accompanied by a manifestation and expression in Action , is like the hoarding of precious metals–a vain and foolish thing . Knowledge , like Wealth , is intended for Use . The Law of Use is Universal , and he who violates it suffers by reason of his conflict with natural forces . “ –The Kybalion . 
< PROPFEMALE > Moore made 3000 ! 
How does Syrian President , Bashar al-Assad , justify fifty years of emergency law ? Is their government that corrupt that it cannot function without a defined justice system ? 
Gaddafi's forces have recaptured Ras Lanuf . 
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is pretty badass for admitting openly that he is a dictator . I am sure that will endear him with the youth of his nation after midday prays on Friday . 
< PROPMALE > Calhoun is a beast ! 
50 years after the first man space flight and we still haven't landed on Mars . Nixon wanted to go to Mars , but no we denied him his crazy space empire ambitions . A true woe upon mankind . 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday ! 
If the Republicans repeal healthcare reform , let them . I just don't want to see them complain in a few years about how their people are dying from obesity related illnesses , toxic rain resulting from the chemicals BP used in the gulf , and radioactive wastelands contaminating their drinking water . All of these are problems in the red states . They need this healthcare reform more than everyone else does . 
I have to admit , the < PROPFEMALE > is getting more and more important ( and active ) in international politics recently and is actually making a difference . Maybe within our life times the < PROPFEMALE > can actually fulfill the role it was suppose to do when it was first established . 
Will you pretend you were blind when you were really seeing ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is now the world leader in Green technology and < PROPFEMALE > has fallen to 3rd . God damnit < PROPFEMALE > , you need to pick up your game if you wish to remain an economic superpower ! 
Game of Thrones is going to be one crazy series . 
For 4/20 everyone should all smoke only Hash Oil in commemoration of a year since the BP oil spill and the resulting cover up regarding the toxic effects of the chemicals used to clean up the oil . Never forget that our government suppressed the voices of doctors who said the oil spill was killing people . This is < PROPFEMALE>'s Chernobyl , never forget . 
Sub-Saharan Africa is starting to heat up with revolutionary fervor . Currently it is only Nigeria and < PROPFEMALE > , but I expect more countries to shortly follow . 
I think today is going to be one casual friday 
Go Yemen ! 
The fact that the Economist has had two articles in the past week about the failed state of Californian politics is becoming a little worrying at this point . 
President Bashar al-Assad is a huge asshole . 
I am very excited about KMFDM's WTF album that comes out tomorrow ! 
I've been hearing recently that < PROPFEMALE > Bachman is from Canada . I personally find this funny . 
Can we get out of Afghanistan now ? 
I want you all to realize that just because Osama is dead doesn't mean anything , it is spring time in Afghanistan which means insurgents are coming out of their caves to go to war . I'd imagine the death of their symbolic leader will only raise the insurgents ' morale , not lower it . Times will only get tougher from here on out . 
My favorite part about Skype is when foreign nationals contact you and start talking about their personal efforts in building infrastructure . Nothing is as informative as directly talking to a person at the street level . Currently I am learning all about Nepal from an architect named Resham . Apparently Nepal's capacity for Hydroelectric energy can generate 96000 MW ( which is a fuckton of energy ) . 
I sat through nine minutes of a speech about nuclear energy that was so poorly researched that it made me want to cry . Listening to it was like Beta Particles of retardation were spoken and were fusing into the atomic structure of my brain . How can you talk about half-life for a third of the speech , but not use the term half-life ? In short the speech was bad and the orator should feel bad . 
When will the state terrorism of President Bashar al-Assad be punished ? 
As the events of the Arab Spring continue to unfold , the role of Iran being the regional bad guy decreases , while our allies in the region become more and more brutal in their attempts to remain in power . 
Day 4 of my skype conversations with a Nepalese businessman about a 120 Million USD tourism project he is organizing . 
Damnit Egypt , can you keep your shit together and not have sectarian violence ? It is kind of embarrassing . 
Why do Israeli soldiers need to use a ( never before seen ) toxic tear gas to combat protestors ? 
I like how the media is calling < PROPMALE > the \Sperminator . \"" 
Finally the government is putting sanctions on president Bashar al-Assad , took you two months too long Obama . Were you afraid that putting sanctions on an elected official who has been ordering the mass killings of his own people could be controversial ? 
Life is what you make of it . For some this is heaven , for others existence is hell . 
What I find hysterical is how everyone in the media after the 2009 elections in Iran was complaining about election fraud , it turned out that no one gives a fuck about the Green Revolution and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is just one popular guy . 
If Obama says < PROPMALE > needs to get out of Palestine , does that mean I can be critical of the < PROPMALE > i government denying humans their basic rights without being labeled as an anti-Semite ? 
There are at least 20,000 protesters in Madrid's main square . A change is holding sway . 
The best part about the rapture not happening , is knowing there are people who at 6pm first thoughts weren't \the rapture didn't happen . \"" 
Yemen's President < PROPFIRST > Abdullah Saleh refuses to resign after agreeing to months ago ? What a shocker ! I'm sure no one saw that coming . 
Yahoo ! News threads are full of stupid people with bad ideas . 
Egypt will permanently open the Rafah border crossing , easing the blockade on Gaza . If < PROPMALE > wants to come out strong , they need to negotiate while their hand is still strong before negotiations are forced upon them come this September . 
What the citizens of Syria are doing in the face of such brutality by their tyrannical state makes me cry . They bravely face down automatic gun fire and systemic state-sponsored terrorism just so they can have basic human rights . It just goes to show the realpolitik of oil supply , that the world will stand by and watch this as long as the oil isn't threatened . 
So people are graduating from high school now or something ? lol good luck with the real world . Your sheltered existence is no more . 
