I just found out my step-uncle died ... This sucks . 

Out of school for now . Hopefully only have a week left . I might have to stay over time to finish though . 
Stereotypical Anticonformalism 
Once again , Back from school . Not much to do . \ 
God , facebook is so boring XD 
I ?? ¬_¬ \ 
Just sayin ' . 
PLEASE TAKE NOTE - apparantly the whole changing your profile picture to your favourite cartoon chatacter thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them , it was currently on the programme Internet frauds and will apparently be on tv some time tonight ..., put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back 
On another note , I am sick like there's no tomorrow . ¬.¬ It sucks pretty bad . I might not be able to go to school tomorrow . I hope I can . I got work to do . 
And Off I go , for now I must bathe away the ailments and woes of the bygone night , and start anew in body and soul . 
Btw , I don't give a fuck how girly it is . Bubble baths are fucking awesome . 
Well , I am diagnosed with A sinus infection and bronchitis . ¬.¬ ofc , one of the few weeks I want to go to school and I can't . Bitches , I got work to do . 
???? ??????? ? ? ? ? ? Dubstep ? ? ? ? ? \ 
???? ??????? ???? ??? ??? ???? ???? ??? \ 
I was bored , GTFO . ( Repost >.> Last one glitched ) 
Still got the coughs , but my sniffles are gone . So , I am still somewhat sick I guess . But oh well . 
Going to school tomorrow , finally ( for the main part ) Better . I'm going to have to doublestack my days so I can finish before christmas break , oughta be pretty fun doing one class for 8 hrs XD 
Graduated . ' Bout fucking time . 
First day of being graduated and feelin ' the stress already . Gotta Take the Accuplacer tomorrow , Friday I got a mini-graduation thing at my school . Then I gotta talk to my counselor and turn in some letters for my FAFSA , which will hopefully be done by then . And Then after all that i need to start thinking about jobs and stuff . 
Wish me luck , going to take the Accuplacer . 
Well , apparently i'm exempt from over half the test , so .... yay ? I guess ? 
Well , took the test . Right before I took it i found out i was Exempt from half of it , so that's always nice . Passed Elementary Algebra with flying colors . Passed the computer skills thing . Failed one ... College Algebra . Course it also ends up everyone in my family that took that portion failed it as well . 
Just Got Tickets for TRON : Legacy IMAX 3D on Friday , EPIC ! I am Pumped . First 3D and IMAX Movie , AND IT'S TRON ! You can't beat that shit . It's going to be so epic . It makes me want to /faceroll just thinking about it ! 
Plans For this weekend :\ 
Friday : Go to Graduation/Wall signing , Go see and Epic movie with my bro . \ 
Saturday : Possibly stop by the future college and talk to advisor , Go to a rave and/or House Party . \ 
Sunday : Chill with my grandpa after he comes in from Iraq . \ 
So far , seems like this is going to be the most epic weekend I have had in a while . 
REVISED Plans For this weekend :\ 
Friday : Go to Graduation/Wall signing , Go see and Epic movie with my bro , and then go to a rave directly after . \ 
Saturday : Stop by my future college and talk to adviser . \ 
So far , this still seems like it is going to be the most epic weekend I have had in a while . 
going to see tron now , then i'm on my way to < PROPFEMALE>'s to go to the rave . you better be ready ! xD 
Wall signing , Awesome , TRON : Legacy , was awesomer . The Rave ? Awesomist ! I will be going again , and It will be most enjoyable . 
lunar eclipse ! awesome sause ! go outside peeps . 
lololololol . epic shit . 
there was a shooting < PROPFEMALE > too ! anyone else see it !? 
no , fuck you cloud . gtfo my veiw . 
Just got home from chillin ' with my bro's homies . Lunar Eclipse was the shiznit . At it's peak I swear it looked like a giant cat's eye . 
Btw , anyone else see the Shooting < PROPFEMALE > during the Eclipse ? Pretty awesome stuff if you ask me . 
Techno is the pure embodiment of music , as it was meant to be . A combination of the soul and feelings , compressed in to sound , and blasted through speakers . No instruments are needed , as Instruments only limit the sounds one can produce . Techno , is my shit . 
Just got through watching TRON : Legacy again . Once again in epic IMAX 3D , only difference , this time I saw it with my dad . The visual effects still amaze me , and the music and audio has to be my favorite out of almost any movie . The top two still being \Lord of the Rings\ " and \ " The Fountain \"" 
I love always staying out all night and just showing up at 4-5am . Makes me feel like a teenager . 
Dragon Age : Origins Ultimate Edition\ 
F .... T .... W .... 
I love having Breakfast and calling it a pre-bed snack . xD So awesome feeling . 
Boredom Incarnate . 
Already Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , Why Holidays , why must you impede my advance at getting a life . 
Crown , Coke , cigars , and presents . What an awesome way to spend Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , I got shirts . Two really epic shirts , one is from the Imaginary Foundation , and the other is sound responsive , so epic . I got New jeans , that is always useful . I got a shit-fuck-ton of gum and mints , once again , always useful . I also got this thing called Duck Hunt . You have a remote controlled duck fly around the room , and you shoot at it . Lol , pretty cool . The sound reactive shirt is still most badass though . 
Yay for sleeping through christmas day ! Just woke up after 18 hours of sleep , lol . 
