New facial punctures ... cute . Swollen lip ... not so much . 

I promise the stomp ... the whole stomp ... nothin but the stomp . 
I think one of the symbols on my phone should be a music note . 
Is done being yours on an \as needed\ " basis . " 
Wants more ! 
Can not be trusted . I am the girl who will tell you what you want to hear , then laugh about it later . 
We can conquer the world ... 
Has met her match ... Life on a hill . 
Loves how some people collect facebawk friends like pokemon cards . ( Yes , I said Pokemon cards ) Do I know you ? Do my friends know you ? Then No I won't add you , Goon ! 
Has a pain in her beat machine . 
Foiled for the last time . 
thinks even though you are severely handsome , your profile pic looks stoooopid ! 
( o )( o ) 
Is the perfect picture image of what NOT to do ! Nighty night facebawk ! 
Beat machine has been broken . Anyone have a pacemaker handy ? 
Twwwwenty twenty twenty-four hours to gooo . 
Is in a \mess with me and I'll stab your ass with a spork\ " kind of mood . " 
When I grow up I'm going to design public restrooms with toilets low enough for my feet to reach the floor !! 
Hi < PROPMALE > . 
Hey Friday ! Ya think maybe we can hurry this along ? Mmmkay . Thanks !! 
I wanna tell you that everything will be ok . Everything will eventually turn itself to gold . Keep pushing through it all . Don't fall , lead the way ! Don't lose yourself or your hope ! Life's like a jump rope ! 
Hellooooo Brain ! Will you please shut off the lights for a while so I can go to sleep ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s gonna start a fire !! Put our rage together .... we'll have a bonfire ! 
The truth is , everyone is going to hurt you . You just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . ~ < PROPMALE > Marley 
Has never been here before , has alot to learn , and isn't ashamed to admit it . All I know , for sure , is what not to do again . 
You can call me , A__H____ ! 
Is a beautiful mess . 
Never lie to someone who trusts you . Never trust someone who lies to you . 
There is a one-legged cricket hoping across the wood in my living room floor . What to do ? What to do ? 
Hope is a waking dream . 
As the one-legged cricket saga continues .... He came out from under the couch , hopped lopsidedly around the room , to escape the cat . < PROPFIRST > and Javie say they want to feed him to the spiders . I never knew one-legged crickets were so fast . Hope you make it through til morning . Revel in your safety under the tv . 
It's amazing how one phone conversation can change everything . 
Is no longer available . 
I don't sit still I keep it movin like a drive by . 
You don't need teeth to eat our beef ! 
Happy birthday to my DAD and Click Click Boom < PROPMALE > !! 
You have a style , all your own . You show the rest of us what comfort really looks like . Let them all laugh when you walk down the aisle , they are just jealous . This Buds for you , old ass lady walking through Brookshires in your housecoat and no teeth . Let the wind catch the flaps of your robe and show the world what you're made of ! 
Sometimes memories are like bullets . 
Where's that Chickenwing when I need her ?!?! Oh < PROPFEMALE > , we got FIREMEN'S!!!! 
When I have no strength left of my own , he lets me borrow some of his . 
Ready to Haunted House it up !!! 
Knows the end result is all that matters . 
Holy < PROPFEMALE > Claus Shit ! 
Idren-def . Same as brother . A way of referring to another Rastafarian man ... He nah give you no breaks ! Hey hey ! I wanna make my Superhero name ... The Insomniatic Googler ! 
Gave up on sleep ! It's not my friend . Coffee on my front porch , while I watch cars drive by , instead . 
Is hoping for a bad case of amnesia . 
\Sleep\ " has become my new favorite curse word ! I did actually get 2 hours of that mother sleeping sleep . Bring on another long night !! Woohoo !! " 
3 hours of sleep in 2 days . Not such a great idea . Oh sleep ... why must you hate me so ? 
Would give anything to be able to go back and do things differently . One day I will invent a life size rewind button . 
With nothing left to lose and nothing left to wait for .... I slept . 
He is paying for the Divorce !!! My day just got a whole lot betta !!! I will be singin Free at last ! Free at last !! 
Dear Weekend ... Can you please hurry up ? I got plans n shit ! 
Double shift , I hate you !!! I'm so friggin tired !!!! 
Steady feet dont fail me now . 
No double shift today ! Yeeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh !! 
Refresh and Restart ... My new motto . 
Any idea how hard it is to break my foot off in a kid who's 3 ft taller than me ? Good thing I got Ninja skills !! This boy is my heart , but sometimes I gotta kick some < PROPFIRST > booty to reel him back in ! 
Come on weekend ! Let's go ! Let's go !! 
Was just told ... Honey , you're so sweet and good and pretty as a picture . I know exactly who I'm running to next time someone pisses on my mood . 
Off tomorrow ! Hell yes !!!! 
Dinner and movie with my little big guy . Off with him all weekend ! Yay ! 
Im gonna go home and take a super hot shower , creepy old man . 
Helloooo < PROPFIRST > ?!?! Your hot chocolate is ready and the movie's on ! Where are you and what is that smell ???? 
Had a great night , last night . It was just what the dr. ordered ! Laughed like it was going out of style ! Still keeping my fingers crossed , but everything will be ok . Happy Halloween Facebawk !!! Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > me their kid so I can go trick or treat ? 
Love love love Lebron < PROPFIRST > new commercial . I have nothing intelligent or witty to say .... I'm still in recovery . Stay tuned ! 
Thinking we should bring Torres home to the Rangers ! He is too fine to be on the wrong damn team !! 
Damn you , Moleface Sanchez !!! Take your ass to the bus !! 
Cry as hard as you want to . Just make sure that once you stop crying , you never cry for the same reason again . 
I LOVE MY MOM !!!! 
Sometimes you just feel tired , feel weak , when you feel weak you feel like you wanna give up . But you gotta search within you , gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit outta you . Get that motivation to not give up , no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face . 
Can I borrow a quarter ? My mom told me to call home when I meet the man of my dreams . Hahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahhaahha Sorry ..... I'm tired . 
My favorite part of my everyday is sitting with him at the dining room table , while he eats dinner , and hearing about his day . Today , listening about his Spanish and English 2 grades his friends and their girlfriends , I realized it won't be too much longer til I'm the only one sitting at the dining room table . I could be the old lady with 15 cats , but I can barely stand one . Trying to find a way to make time stop . 
It's 11:11 I made my wish !! 
We can do no great things , only small things with great love . 
Knows exactly where I want to be , I just don't know how to get there . 
It's never easy to forget someone , who made you want to remember every minute . 
Woohoo ! I'M NOT AN IDIOT !! 
And if ya don't know ... now ya know ! 
I should really learn to use my powers for good instead of evil . Yeah , so I did wish for her to fall on her face ! I wasn't serious !! 
Hurry up 6 o'clock!!! I wanna go home , get < PROPFIRST > off to school and sleeeeeep ! 
Has to keep graceful dancing . 
Has her game face on ! 
Describe the pain that choked your reality . It's all in your mind . I'm gonna be fine again . It's gonna take time , my friends . I've got to keep graceful dancing . 
You can count on me .... to pleasure myself ! 
Kinda sad at the new season . No more sitting in the warm sun on my back porch , drinking coffee . Even worse ... while plucking my eyebrows at 5 am I found a gray hair . I will choose to believe it's just a freak occurence . 
Borrowed and Reposted ~ I don't hate you because you left .... I hate you because you pretended you wouldn't . ~ ~ Love this !!!!!!!! 
My short arms do not like folding < PROPMALE > size sheets !! 
Why yes , Babe Laufenberg , when I close my eyes I do think < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! How ever did you know ? GET OUTTA MY HEAD ! 
Can someone pleeeeeease put in a call to Mr. < PROPMALE > Smith ?!?! If not , maybe even < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?! 
Of course one of the commercials would have to be an interview with < PROPFIRST > Bush !!! Trying to deflect off how bad Cowboys suck ! 
There is no more attractive quality in a man than the ability to make me laugh til I cry . 
Today I am thankful for my children , both have filled me with so much of themselves . I can't imagine who I would be if I had never known them . 
I can transform like Optimus Prime . 
Hey Juanique ! I feel a song coming on , and it's not country !!!! 
Hello mutha f*ckas ! Hey Hi How ya doin ? It's < PROPFEMALE > M baby come and take a sh*t and urine on the toilet bowl b*tches , p*ssy * ss n*ggaz . Stompin on this beat like a mutha f*ckin sigma . Bad to the brissle Hat to the rizzle I'm so official all I need is a whistle . 
Sooooooo ...... Nope , nothing to say . 
I love when guys use the same lines on multiple girls just to see which one will fall for it . 1 . 2 . 3 .... Not it !!! 
I understand the philosophy of kissing frogs to find your < PROPMALE > . I have my own .... Kiss too many toads , and you're sure to end up with warts . 
You know < PROPFIRST > Bush is country !! He's changed Kanye's name to Kanway West . 
He said I'm mad . Well ... Crazy people are happy people and normalcy is BORING !! 
It is never a good day when you're fiance tells you she's really a dude !! 
It must really suck to be in love with a hooker . Thank goodness for < PROPFIRST > Springer to show us just how bad ( and hillbilly ) it can be . Show us the mistakes to learn from < PROPFIRST > , so I don't fall in love with a hooker too . 
Someone needs to put this clock on crack ! I'm ready to go !! 
I wonder How it's gonna be when you don't know me How's it gonna be when you see I'm not there How's it gonna be when there is no one there to talk to Between you and me Cause I don't care how's it gonna be 
I will NEVER allow casinos on the < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you ! 
I want to be the one and only ... not one of many . 
I have a baby , still not married ! Why the hell did I go to Mexico lookin for someone's bathroom to use ?? Never listen to my momma again ! I can't have babies anymore !!! I don't know the man I handed my baby to when I shot that dude , I wish I did he was Lovely . He was a truck driver , but not the one I know . And WHY are little boys , like my ex's nephew , who go to kid jail that looks like church camp so damn loud ??? 
I was Fox news friend of the day !!! HAHAHA ! No , I'm not joking !! 
Is now a firm believer that when \they\ " say they're all alike ..... It's the truth !!!! " 
My name is Mud . 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s mind is amazing . 
The hardest thing for a woman is having a good man , after she's had a bad one . 
I LOVE YOU !!! 
Hip hop hooray ho hey ho 
Can we bring Halloween back ? My favorite holiday .... I want a d o-o ver !! 
< PROPFEMALE > N . Conner likes lids and 7 other pages . 
I'm a paper chaser just livin my life . 
Is having the strangest dream . 
I'm awake people !!! 
Off Thursday , Friday , and Saturday ?!? Oh whatever will I do with all the time off ? 
You are the song I wanna sing . 
Yaaaaaaaawn ( stretch ) giggle ..... snooooooooore . 
Needs my House of Blues fix ! Who's with me ? 
Half of my hearts got a grip on the situation . Half of my heart takes time . Half of my got a right mind to tell you that I can't keep lovin you .... with half of my heart . 
Dear Facebook , If I ever get a boyfriend ( hahhahahahaha ! What for ? I dunno !! ) and I lose all bladder control and start pissing all over his fb wall .... Please send out the snipers with a nail gun to shoot me in the eye . Thanks !! 
Is feeling quite amazed . 
I wanna go to How the Edge stole Christmas and I want someone to take me !!!! 
Magic 8-ball on the wall , who's the fairest of them all . ~~~ Outlook hazy . Shit . 
Thankful for my knee high pink and black skull socks cause it's colder that shitapalooza outside ! 
Off work !!! Don't have to be back til Saturday !! Yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh ! 
I've never been so glad to be poked in my whole life . Ha ha ha ! 
Every Saint has a Past and every Sinner has a Future . 
Cooking dinner with < PROPFIRST > . He snuck in the living room and put on Death Race for me .... He does love me !!!! 
Good morning !! 
When I was little I wanted to marry < PROPFIRST > Connor . Now , laying here watching < PROPFEMALE > , I realize I still do !! I vowed never to get married again , but I could change my mind for him !! 
The dreamer is the real me ! 
Well that just phucked up a perfectly beautiful day ! 
If I was carried away to Oz , I think they'd let me wear < PROPFEMALE > red converse instead of slippers . Right ? 
Boy who goes to bed with sex problems wakes up with solution in hand . 
I've learned alot from all of these breaks up and make ups and fuck up and fake ups . Things that I wish you could comprehend . But for now , I'll lace up my converse shoes boys and I'll go and have breakfast with my good friends . 
How is < PROPFEMALE > a Smidget when she is so tall ??!?!? 
Blah ! 
Everything changes ..... 
I am not in Love . I am Love . 
I like my tuna sandwich . I need a nap . 
Feeling as though I have lost some of my gangster and replaced it with goofy girliness ! 
I can get a degree online to be a CIA agent . Right on !!! 
Just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . Made a different wish this time . 
Singing in my head to keep myself awake . The cd in my brain keeps skipping . 
In everyone's life , at some point , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flames by an encounter with another human being . We should all the thankful to those who rekindle our inner spirit . ~ < PROPFIRST > Schweitzer . 
Yaaaaaaaaaawn ! 
Playing 20 questions with a friend . Someone help me think of more questions to ask !! 
Love , the search for it and even the lack of , can cause us to make some really knuckleheaded moves . Today I'm thankful that my life is not a reality show . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Driving down Texas Chainsaw Massacreland to pick up < PROPFIRST > . I will be thankful if I don't become their turkey . 
Mystikal is at HOB tonight ! Shake it fast .... but watch yourself ! 
Deleting history ...................... 
And it's a wrap ! Maybe next time Boys ! 
All I asked was for you to get me some fresh Diet Dr Pepper that wasn't watered down . Why in the world do you wanna fart in my drink ?!? That is NOT NICE ! 
Ok Mr. Sandman .... I'm ready whenever you are . 
Power outtage fixed ! Thank you Oncor , Ima freezin ! 
Oh ! Somebody shoot me ! I won't get mad , I promise !! 
You just added yourself to the list of things I wanna punch in the face ! 
Why did the chicken cross the playground ? 
Thinks you would look much better with a shovel to the back of your head ! 
For all the girls out there who have been infested by another persons douchebaggery , hold your heads high . Cry if you must , then dust yourself off and continue to shine ! While it may make you more cautious , never let it harden your heart . I love all my girls !! 
Lima bean 
I woke up to the sound of a boy saying MOM , I even said What ? There's no one here but me . 
Oh Lord Won't ya buy me a < PROPFEMALE > Benz ? 
When a womans fed up No matter how ya beg There aint nothin you can do about it . It's like runnin out of love . No matter what you say . Then it's too late to talk about it . 
She is getting her grind on . Snappin necks and cashin checks . 
Is smoother than you know . 
Brrrrrrrrr ! Someone start a fire ! I'm freezing me arse off ! 
Date like a man so you don't get played like a b ! # @h ! 
Blue October will be in < PROPFIRST > on April 29th !! I feel a roadtrip coming on !! Who's with me ? 
For some people negative attention is better than none at all . Disrespect my house and my son , that's exactly what you get . You got all my attention now , I promise I'll make you wish you didn't . 
Ok mommy ! I'm heeeeeere !! 
Change our FB profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status . Invite your friends to do the same . 
Eliminate the What if's! Make a fool of yourself . 
Misses him . 
A friend in England has been snowed in since Tuesday . We need a rescue mission !! Haha !! Roadtrip ! 
My phone will soon be dying a slow and painful death . Painful for me , anyway . I will resurrect her when I get to work , where I left my charger . 
Be the change you wish to see in the world . 
Going to get KAWFEEEEE 
I did just see a dude doing the Duggie as his Td dance ! Haha ! 
Need motivation to get up and get ready . I'm late ! I'm late for a very important date !! Maybe it's not that important , still late for my date . Haha ! He can wait . 
Sometimes silence is all the answer you need . 
My Chemical Romance !!! House of Blues !!! 
I may seem far away , but you'll never know how close I really am til you get here . 
Do you want a dose of this ? 
Auditioning Pigs for tha farm ! 
I have been your baby girl babe sweetheart best friend . I have been a bitch whore slut worst enemy . I have told you what you want to hear to make you smile . I have told you the truth to watch you break . I am the girl in your dreams and the lady in your nightmares . 
#54 My superhero ! < PROPFEMALE > and I are so lucky to have you . You are a beautiful and strong lady . I'm lucky to have known you almost my whole life . Can't wait til < PROPFIRST > !! 
I am her bestest bitch ! What more could I ask for ? 
#12 My beautiful little sister ! I am so proud of how hard you're working . If I ever feel the need to make anyone see stars .... I'm calling you ! 
#5 It seems like forever since I've seen you . We had some really funny times and I'm amazed sometimes to see how you've grown up ! 
#24 You're an awesome girl ! No matter the circumstances , I'm so glad that I'm getting to know you . Keep your head high !! 
#53 Our very first conversation made you my friend forever ! Awesome guy !! 
#187 Where do I start ? You are one of my very favorite people in the world ! Someone I can always trust , and I know you always have my best interest at heart . You look out for me like my own mom . I love you bunches !! 
002 ftw ~ I remember you following me home from school with a certain frizzy head boy . I ran in my house to hide , not from you , from him . I haven't seen you in years , but I hope to see you sometime too . You're still as adorable now , as you were the . So much love ! Haha ! 
712308 ~ We have butt heads so many times , in the end I always think you're brilliant . Like fire and ice . I constantly find myself wishing things weren't so hard for you , or that I could in some way make it better . You are still a little boy in so many ways , at the the same time , the most fascinating man I've ever known . People are drawn to you . Maybe it's that smile . 
Is a real asshole sometimes . 
Song < PROPMALE > used to sing into my hand is on . Makes me smile ! Thank you Blink 182 
Instead of us having the loves of our lives I think we have the likes of our moments = Deep thoughts by < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I lost my only _____ and my ______ That's why I ____ we never ___ __ . 
My horoscope says I need to experience the deep emotions that have been slipping away . Dear Horoscop Writer .... They didn't slip away , I flushed them down the toilet . Not very good at your job , are ya ? 
Is facebooking ! 
He said \Why does it have to be so BIG ? \ " Hhaahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha !! " 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > . Still madly in love with < PROPFIRST > Connor ! 
< PROPMALE > Parrish is planning a get together in honor of < PROPMALE > on Saturday at 4pm at the park . < PROPMALE > will be leaving for Iraq soon , I'm sure Zac will be keeping an eye on him . Then everyone will meet at my house around 6 to decorate our tree for him . Anyone who wishes to come is welcome . 
I shopped til I dropped . I wish I could be a fly on the wall when my Angel opens his Christmas presents . 
I'll give you answers to questions you have yet to ask . Silence is beautiful . Words only complicate the task . 
Need a date for House of Blues on < PROPFIRST > 24 . 
Can someone please tell me how crazy The Crazies are ? Getting ready to lay on the couch and watch it . 
If tears could build a stairway and memories a < PROPFIRST > , I'd walk right up to heaven and bring you home again . I love you and miss you every second of everyday . The love of my life . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Menge . 7/12/92-12/18/06 
:-( 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > went on a Zipper . < PROPFIRST > got sick , but < PROPFEMALE > felt chipper . 
Would rather be anything than \the mistake \"" 
Horoscope says ... Your romantic side is in full force . Unfortunately , so is my cynicism . Need to have a sit down , over tea , with my horoscope writer . 
Is not a pinata , but is definitely filled with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Instead of pennies ... let's throw ourselves into a wishing well and see what happens . 
Searching frantically for that elusive rewind button . 
Do not eat your babies . 
At Alien Ink with Ashten getting scarred for life . 
MY PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound .. because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsibl e adult . You will never find someone who loves you , cares about you , and worries about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste if you are a mom ? 
Spin around and fall down ... do it again . 
Has never understood how the game is played . Never saw a need for rules and restrictions . Think I'll stick to Solitaire , seems alot less complicated . Just the way I like it . 
Just ordered Seasons 4 , 5 , and 6 of Weeds . My social calendar will be booked for a while . 
I wanna kiss a boy , and know I'll never lie again . I wanna call my dad and tell him that I care . I wanna let my mother know she saved my life a thousand times . Throughout the years she's been the one who's always there . 
Experience is not what happens to you . Its what you do with what happens to you . 
What's up chickenbutt ? 
Is feeling Cheshire catish . Catish ........ not Catfish . 
For all of my lovely friends who keep telling me that One day I will find < PROPMALE > Charming .... I need you to take this into consideration . < PROPMALE > Charming wears panty hose , and flitters around on his tippy toes singing love songs . There's a pretty good < PROPMALE > that one day I will meet him , an even better < PROPMALE > that I wont be his type . 
Mecca Lecca Hi Mecca Hiney Ho , Facebawk ! 
There's an overupdater in the mix . Lmaogsfoblticgsc 
Prozac buttered toast and tramadol tea time ...... then work . 
Hello ? Saturday ? Can you hurry up ? Please and Thank you !! 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . so love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who dont . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE .... Ge tting back up is a part of LIVING .... Re-post if you agree . I just did . 
Fingers crossed so tight my knuckles are white . 
What if we could .... 
Our Expectations seldom align with Our Reality . 
Is a fan of Not dating crackheads . It's this new thing Im trying . 
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 .... by myself . 
Just had dinner with my pops . Not sure if that little diner could hold all the big pimpin we possess . 
Whale Shit !! 
You are sooooooo beautiful to meeeeeeeeeee 
Wake me up when its over . 
Can we just let everything turn out the way I want it ... at least this once . Sounds good to me . 
Next time someone blows up my phone , and is so chickenshit they block their number ... I will find out who they are and stick a spork in their eye . 
Anyone have a rewind button so I can go back to last night ? Tonight .... bored out of my gourd . 
MICHAEL .... GO TO BED . 
WAKE UP !!!! 
Where's my Wake up dude ??? 
Stick a spork in me kids . I am done 
I kicked the daydream 
I will toast to the liars and the cheats , myself included . Take a sip for the one's I have played and a gulp for the one's who taught me the game . I will laugh and hold hands with one of the above , while the liquid on my tongue and the smile on his lips , ease the pain of the one who got away . I will hug his beautiful mom ... and kiss him good night . 
Is comatose . 
LOOK < PROPFIRST > , I INCLUDED YOU IN MY LOOP ..... Discussion and conversation are even more fruitful than usual for you today , and that is saying quite a lot ! You need to find some new way to include more people in the loop , but that can’t be too hard . 
I remember the day you passed away .. Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at stopped beating , hard working hands at rest .. God broke my heart to prove to me that He only takes the Best .. Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss everyday ..... your status if there is someone in Heaven that you miss everyday .... 
May have a tendency to act like an asshole when she's running on empty . 
Took < PROPFIRST > and his girl to the movies . I thought I would be riding solo , til he came through . Without even being asked he sat on the phone for 2 hours just so I wouldn't be alone . Absolutely amazed !! Smiling so big my face hurts . I hope it gets stuck this way . 
On my Dasani water bottle it says ... Our company built one of the worlds largest PET recycling plants . Um ....... 
Is a smitten kitten . 
Never give your number to a love struck buggaboo , you'll end up having to change it . Oh yeah , by the way , I changed my number people . Aaaahaha . 
I love my alarm clock . ( Wrong way playing ) Hello ... Wakey wakey . Time to get up . You're holding up progress . Are you sitting up ? Don't lie . Go in the kitchen . Let me hear the coffee making . Wait . You better not be walking back to the bed ... Gotta love him 
Step off ... I'm doin the hump . 
I know somebody who needs to put on her big girl panties . 
Hello mutha f***a Hey Hi how ya doin ? 
My Chicken wing has got skills . 
Hello , Saturday ? Do you think maybe you could hurry up , please ? 
I smelled my neighbour in an elevator because IM AWESOME !! 
