Last night was awesome ! 

Advil and toast for breakfast . YUMMY ! 
Either needs a really good massage or a REALLY good drug . Ah it hurts so good . :D 
tonight was fun :D 
is a greasy mess hehe workin on cars is fun ! 
My day off .... what should I do ? 
is going to watch the lightning storm and think ... 
From the day a child is born they have future slave written on their forehead . 
Ah home from work . So nice . 
I'm so pumped for LAKE POWELL !!! 
O the things you miss from having a significant other . 
Day off ! What to do ? lol 
I don't want to lose my license ! = ' ( 
Whatever ! I do what I want ! 
Head feel better now ! 
I'm leaving today ! Gone for a lil over a week ! 
Who's going to the midnight launch for Madden 10 ?! 
Awesome night !! 
Go Game Stop ! lol 
Life is good a lil stressful at times but in the end you end up with a smile on your face ! 
Twilight golf tonight with the parents ! 
I don't know if In Bruges was a waste of my time or not . It was a strange movie . 
long day ... hopefully tomorrows work day flys by . 
Good night but bad night at the same time . 
No work till 6:30 pm what shall I do all day ? 
Ugh I'm starting to feel kinda sick . Damn it ! 
Just watched Beowulf and liked it . 
I cant wait to get my poi set !!! :D 
Is ready for this cough to go away 
Finally home . :D YAY ! 
Tonight was fun :D 
I want my poi set to get here already !! Grrr ! 
Oh man last night was a blast . Wow ! I don't need to say anything else . :D 
Life is a very dark place sometimes but the rays of light , sometimes few , are what keep you going . 
This weekend should be a ton of fun ! :D 
FINALLY GOT MY POI SET !!!!! 
Why do I feel lost ? 
7 days left till I get my license back !! 
I want the soundtrack for Where the Wild Things Are . So good ! 
I really hope tomorrow morning will go well . Crossing my fingers ! 
Parade of Lights was a lot of fun :D 
Happy New Year to everyone ! Much love ! 
I'm so done with today > ( 
Sleep better be good tonight or I'm gonna have to beat someone ! 
Hopefully it's warmer tomorrow like today might go for a horseback ride . 
What would be really great right now is if we really could go to a place like Wonderland . 
Love days off but wish < PROPFIRST > was here with me . 
wishes I didn't have to go to work and I could just eat dinner with my parents and < PROPFIRST > . He is making dinner tonight but I have to wait :( screw work . 
Mouth feeling much better today ! YAY ! Swelling is almost gone still just have to deal with nasty mouth wash . Yuck ! 
No more stitches ! Yay ! 
Man can't believe that my first semester of college is already almost done . Crazy how time goes by so fast ! 
Ugh more snow ... dish is full of snow ... no TV ... so video games is option B . 
Today is going to be fun . Horse back riding with < PROPFIRST > this morning . First day of many horse rides to come ( hopefully lol ) . 
long busy day of work awesome right ? i think not ! 
Been a while since I've had a sunburn . They're pretty annoying ! 
Ok this wind ... SERIOUSLY needs to stop ! This is getting old so quick ! Please just stop ..... PLEASE !! 
I need a hole to crawl into and get away from it all . If only ... 
Getting my Aussie Saddle today !! I'm so excited ! 
Well first time < PROPMALE > has ever had a saddle on him and I got it on without him freaking out to much and actually got on . He has progessed so much from when we first bought him . YAY ! I'm loving my Aussie saddle . WAY more comfy then a western ! Just kinda bumbed that < PROPMALE > broke a new leather halter/bridle ! UGH ! Have it for just a day and already broke . 
King =D raft horse . Draft Horse = REALLY HEAVY HORSE . Which lead to huge feet . Which lead to my toe nail almost being ripped off ! AHH !! Luckly it doesn't hurt as bad as it sounds . But I have a nasty lookin big toe now and its bleeding a lil and it kinda hurts . Ugh great way to end the day . Off to play video games ... 
Thank goodness my toe is pretty much at zero pain . It looks nasty but what can you do lol . 
So far I think my wish for a slow day at work look pretty slim . Theres been lil kids and their parents passing by eye balling the store . Can't they just leave me alone = ( 
Sometimes I truly believe standing and walking are over rated . 
Getting a hair cut today ! No more long hair for a while . But this will be my second time giving my hair to locks of love = D 
Wish this day was over . I'm extremely antisocial today and I really hate people today . 
Man today is on of those days that work truly is a living hell . I really dont want to be here . At least its slow . 
Went golfing with my family this morning , came home and worked with my horses , took a nap , now I'm at work . Not a bad day so far . 
Life needs a handbook sometimes .... 
Man some days I think I could sleep forever . 
I wish I could go into a dream . A dream where anything was possible , and where I could creat my own place . A place that I could only be . 
Last night was a blast and I'm sure tonight will be a lot of fun too . 
School starts this Monday ! Crazy quick summer ! 
Man beat myself up pretty good yesterday with my poi . Probably going to do the same thing today after some home work . :D 
Ugh not being able to have my poi time in the afternoon is killing me ! I really want to practice more . But the weekend is on the rise so hopefully that will mean I get more poi time in . 
Hit myself a lot today with my poi . It hurt lol 
I want to go home ! Work sucks ! 
Classes are going by quick today ! Yay ! 
An early start to my long weekend = / not sure how I feel about this . lol 
Ok so just tried some backwards 3 beat weaves and that shit is hard hit myself square in the face with my glasses on . OUCH !!! 
School is almost done for today ! Then later midnight launch for Halo , its gonna be crazy . 
There are no words for last night lol Wow good times = ) 
This weekend was awesome ! Been a while since I've had that much fun = ) Now sadly back the the grind . 
I need a fun day ! Today is crap ! 
Human interaction ..... Why is it needed ? Its way to complicated and never makes any freakin sense !!!! 
Golf with my dad turning out to be a good day ! But then back to studying when I get home . Boo ! 
Can't wait for school to end for today ! I so don't want to be here today . 
Got a new phone ! The droid is awesome ! 
Sleep is a good thing to get when you have a really long day ahead of you . To bad I didn't get any sleep last night . So this day is going to be a 1000x longer . Ugh ! 
WORST MORNING EVER !!!!!!!!! 
I can't believe its almost the 14th ! 
Nickleback concert was awesome . Glad it was my first . 
So Castlevania : Lords of Shadow IS AMAZING !!!! Great game I'm so glad I bought it :D 
Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) , Grandma's \\./\\./ , Big ( o )( o ) or Small (.) (.) Save them all ! Re-post for Breast Cancer Awareness !!!! ? ? ? What a great cause !! So speaking for us boob lovers ... PRESERVE THEM BOOBIES !!!! 
Finally finished a painting that I did senior year of high school . 
Happy Halloween Everyone !! I might add everyone be safe !!! 
Almost been at the animal ER for two hours with mom . Not how we wanted to start the morning but hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will be ok . 
Homework can be super lame sometimes ... wait its lame all the time ! 
Going golfing with my dad and my godparents and some of their friends . Its gonna be a fun day ! 
Just birdied a par 5 ! Woot Woot ! Take that Tiger Woods ! 
Well finished golfing ended up with 115 . My best golf game yet ! 
Was excited about sleeping in today but my body was wide awake at 7am ! LoL gotta love it :D 
I need to start up my poi again ! I miss it ! Boo cold weather ! 
I don't want to be sick anymore ! I like to sleep ! 
Finally got a good nights sleep . Yay ! 
Well almost back to my normal self . Just have a stupid cough and a stuffy nose > ( 
Saw fox on campus a little out of place but really cool to see . It was a beautiful fox . 
Yay ! I have my boyfriend back ! Ten days was far to long to go without him = ) 
First day at my new job and its awesome ! 
Who knew that all the statements about heels do wonders for your legs would be true ! Besides them killing my feet my calves and thighs are sore from wearing heals for five hours ! CRAZY !! 
Yay last day of work then I get one day off before I'm back again . 
your such a beautiful girl K ! I am so lucky I took this terrible class because I met you and you are a great friend ! <3 
Sad day ! < PROPFEMALE > from the KBPI morning show was let go ! 
More studying today , hardcore ! Then two finals left and I'm done for this semester ! Then I need to sign up for more classes ... Yay ! 
Almost done with studying for psych . Then womens studies tonight with < PROPFEMALE > then the last two finals for this semeste ! 
Two finals tomorrow and then I'm done ! Now for sleepy time . 
I think that's the first time I've had a bad dream and woken up with my heart racing . Not fun ... 
First final done . I feel like I did an awesome job on it ! Yay ! 
Finals done ! But extremely up set with my women's studies teacher who can't look past her own views to grade a paper correctly . 
This day needs to be done . Because I'm done with this day . 
Made it through today , and so life continues . 
There's gonna be a trunk show tonight at Trice . Gonna see a lot of pretty jewelry ! 
Looking at the Broncos new coach right now . He's at Trice Jewelers buying his wife a < PROPFEMALE > bracelet . I also saw < PROPMALE > Larson who is a Broncos player and gis three kids . Fun night at Trice ! 
Gonna go see the lunar eclipse tonight with my boyfriend and some friends . Gonna be fun times !! 
Well through security and just waiting for our plane to be ready to go . Adventure to Alaska here we go . 
Just got on the plane . Finally ! After a few different delays and switched gates but finally on a plane to go . Salt Lake here come the Millers ! 
Well we landed in Salt Lake city Utah . Next flight is at like 9 o'clock then we arrive in Anchorage Alaska at like 3am CO time ! But then vacation begins ! 
Well getting on the last plane that's taking us to the ice box . Then we'll have Christmas in Alaska ! 
We have arrived in Alaska ! After the wonderful four hour plane ride here . I can stretch my legs ! 
Well first day in Alaska and it's pretty interesting how the days are in the winter . The sun is up in the south and it just kinda skips across the sky then its gonna set here soon . Then the < PROPFEMALE > will come out and make a U shape in the sky . I'm use to the opposite in the summer . But having fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas from Alaska ! Peace and joy to everyone ! 
Going on a snow machine ride ! Well I'm going to be dragged behind one on a sled ! 
Well the snowmobile ride was fun ran into a tree on the sled and got a scratch on my eyelid and my lil cousin got one on her forehead but we made it out alive . 
Even though it is so bitterly cold here in Alaska there is a benefit to it being so cold .... I get to crawl into a very warm and cozy bed with the electric blanket turned on every night = D 
Got some fresh snow in Alaska ... like it needs to be colder then it already is ! 
Actually going to bed at a decent hour tonight . Tomorrow is our last day in beautiful Alaska then back to Colorado . 
Last day in Alaska and its the warmest day so far . A nice 20 * outside its so nice ! 
Well getting ready to get on the plane in Alaska heading back home . Had fun in Alaska but I miss home too . 
Well the longest flight is over thank goodness ! Now a three hour lay over in Salt Lake and then home ! 
Yay getting on the last plane to come home . I'm so excited to get home and see my puppies and horses ! 
I'm home !!! Well at < PROPFEMALE > but still home ! 
Today was a LONG day but its finally over ! Got all my school stuff figured out thank goodness and got my bonus from Trice . 
Feels like she needs a big change in her life , but doesn't know what kind of change needs to happen . 
I love how people are so stupid to fight over nothing on Xbox Live . It cracks me up !! 
Last night of bowling league . I hoe we do well ! 
Bah ! I need something to do ... but my Xbox is currently being used . I seriously need to get my dad an Xbox of his own . 
Funny how I just realized Baskin Ribbons 31 Flavors logo today and what it is ! I felt a lil stupid . 
Oh Sweeney < PROPMALE > make me feel better . Love this movie . 
Had a fun night ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
Yay super < PROPFIRST > bros ! 
Oh man !! Sometimes I love my random dreams that make no sense . They make me feel so badass sometimes ! 
Last night was such a blast !! 
There is nothing better then playing with my two year old niece and her daddy . Just the sound of her screaming and laughing brings a smile to everyones face . 
Ok so iPod stop being a bitch and work for me paaalease !! 
I don't know what to do with myself ! = D 
Old Disney movies are the best ! Watching Sword in the Stone with my niece . I haven't seen this movie in forever ! 
Here we go ! Early mornings for school , up at 5 this morning 30 minutes before I needed to be up . Oh well I'm awake at least . 
Last class of the day ! Finally ! I'm ready to go home . Sucks that its snowing right now too ! 
I'm gonna sleep good tonight ! 
P90X is totally kicking my ass right now . I'm so sore ! But it hurts so good . 
Today was an awesome day ! 
Best feeling ever , finishing P90X and the shower afterwards ! Its amazing ! 
The light rail rides home suck so much !! 
Another great night that sadly had to come to an end . But there is always tomorrow ! 
\Snowballs ! Where are the damn twinies ! \"" 
Stupid Facebook keeps changing things and now I don't know how to write on other peoples walls . Super Lame !! 
I have been able to spend the past few days with the most amazing person ever ! 
This morning really sucks ! Who wants to help me take down RTD headquarters ?! 
It's RETARDED cold outside ! I want it to warm up again ! 
Oh Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 how I love thee so ! 
It's 20 * outside and it feels awesome ! I really don't like the bitter cold at all . 
My brother kicked ass today !!!! He went to the semi finals in his bracket !!! Won two fights and he completely smashed those two guys . No question about it !! Go Zeb !!! 
I just can't get enough of this wonderful man that I am lucky enough to call all mine ! 
Fuck RTD and stupid people . I think its ridiculous that I just stood in line in th cold for 20 minutes just to pay for parking !! Really !? Shouldn't there be some more payment machines put in to help people get where they need to go quicker ! Ugh ! Rough start to the day . Thank you RTD for your kindness once again ! 
Why is it when you leave the past behind you and move on to better things the past comes knocking on your door ? 
Nobody knows why Valentines day is such a big deal lol 
Bah ! One more class and I wish it could be done with already but it hasn't even started . = / 
This nice weather is SUPER nice ! 
I LOVE making cake !! 
Oh man I love my < PROPMALE > class . 
Nothing better then a homework day . 
< PROPMALE > out with Mr. < PROPMALE > Lopez and Ms. Micayla Smith and it was a total blast ! 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > . 
Today is just a wonderful day ! 
Well I finally have a full set of teeth ! 
Wish I could've stayed home with my wonderful boyfriend today but we are responsible and went to school today . 
Just got my first tactical nuke on Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 !! - special thanks to my wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > who got me into camping . 
I'm super excited for this weekend ! A nice weekend in the mountains with my boyfriend , heck yeah ! 
First time snowshoeing today and it was awesome ! Plus I got to go with the most wonderful man on the face of the planet , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Last day in the mountains sad but I had a ton of fun ! 
I get to dress up and be super girly tomorrow yay ! Just finished painting my nails and toe nails . Tee < PROPFEMALE > ! Its fun to do this every now and then . 
So sleepy today . 
Ouch ! Sunburns aren't fun . = ( 
