is a little congested from hanging around in the woods last night . But it was fun ! 

First clinic , now laundry ! Does it ever stop ? 
I need a haircut and < PROPFIRST > thinks I'd look good with a buzz cut . I'm not 100% sold on the idea yet . 
Go Yanks ! Gotta love those walk-off home runs ! 
Clinic today ! And then ... LAUNDRY !!! WOO WOOO !! 
< PROPMALE > ? Dumbledore ? Would wrist straps for your stupid wands not be helpful like ALL THE FREAKIN ' TIME ??? 
I am so CPR certified right now that it's scary ! 
Going to trim my nails down to the middle phalanx . 
Clinic this afternoon then , yup , laundry ! ! ! 
The raindrops are only medium sized , but there are a whole lot of them !!! 
I'm all booked up this weekend . I've got two sessions available next weekend and three next weekend . Call the clinic at 732-282-1220 , tell them you're a friend of mine and ask to make an appointment . You can't beat $25 for a one hour massage . 
... and I fell asleep in the 14th ! 
Go Yanks ! ! ! 
H-Mat and J-Pos ! Back to back ! ! ! Go Yanks ! 
Spinal muscles are confusing ! 
Home from clinic so that means ... Yes ! LAUNDRY ! ! ! ! ! 
Massage , laundry , massage , laundry , massage ..... 
I'll try to be in school early if anyone wants to go over stuff for the APP exam . 
The lymphatic system ? COOL ! ! ! 
thinks it's nice having a day without a HUGE FREAKIN ' TEST ! ! ! 
< PROPFIRST > wins sickest person in class this week ! OK . She's not actually \in\ " class cuz she's so sick . You know what I mean . " 
was dreaming about Deep Paraspinals last night ! I should get extra credit for that . 
20-11 ! ! ! GO YANKS ! 
Studying muscles ! 
I think I'm ready for the test . Thanks , < PROPMALE > ! :-D 
Visions of vertebrae are dancing in my head . 
Muscles ! Muscles ! Muscles ! ! ! 
Endocrinology and pulmonology and immunology and lymphology . OH MY ! 
Studying and trimming my nails . Just a regular night . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
What a great weekend ! ! ! ! 
Yanks take both ends of a double dip . A fun end to a great weekend . 
I am nowhere on this last muscles test ! ! ! 
OK . Now I'm somewhere on the Deep Six lateral rotators and the adductors , but I'm not in much of a place on the lower leg . 
Lower leg is still a pain , but I'm going to bed anyway . :-P I'm not crazy worried cuz I don't think I could mess up bad enough in the next week to put my graduation in doubt ! 
Lower leg is so confusing ! 
Working the lower leg by compartment seems to make a little more sense . 
OK . The test worked out much better than I had feared it might . * whew * 
Two test left ! I think I'll graduate ! ! ! ! 
One exam left ! Graduation is within my grasp ! ! ! 
My last exam is tomorrow ! ! ! I think I'll do OK . 
I Aced my last exam ! 
What does one do at night when there's nothing to study ? 
I wonder when we'll get our report cards . 
Go YANKS ! ! ! ! 
Happy International Blasphemy Day ! ! ! 
Graduation tomorrow ! ! ! 
Graduation tonight ! ! ! 
All graduated ! Class valedictorian , too ! 
Woo hoo ! Just cleared 100M net blood flow per hour ! 
I'm a skeptic . If you have answers , I have questions . 
A-ROD ! A-ROD ! A-ROD ! ! ! ! ! 
Pie for EVERYBODY ! ! ! GO YANKS ! ! ! 
Don't forget , it's and early game today , 4:00 . GO YANKS ! ! ! 
There is a great Halloween event Friday and Saturday nights . Best . Thing . Ever . http :\\\ \ www.hauntednighthike.com 
Haunted Night Hike was great ! Even with weather propblem . < PROPFIRST > Heaney is a miracle worker and her band of < PROPFEMALE > men ( and women ) ain't no slouch , either ! ! ! 
Can anyone explain why items in the news feed seem to be listed in random order ? 
Ugh ... candy hangover . Go Yanks ! ! ! 
Go Yanks ! ! ! ! 
Let's get it started ! Go Yanks ! ! ! ! 
It will be even more fun to win it at home ! 
Beautiful night , full < PROPFEMALE > , hot tub , sleepy . 
One of the worst drivers in NJ will now be cheuffered for the next four years at the taxpayers ' expense . That's something , at least . Probably at most , also , if his public nonstatements are any indication . 
I don't get rooting against a team . I would think it is damaging to the soul . 
Go , Yanks ! Go , Yanks ! Goooooo , YANKS ! ! ! Do it to it , fellas ! 
YANKEES ! YANKEES ! YANKEES ! ! ! ! ! 
could use a break . 
Rain . Perfect . 
More rain . Outstanding . 
More rain . And still more . 
needs to get out of his head . 
needs to hit it out of the park in his interview tomorrow ! 
needs to hit it out of the park in his interview tomorrow ! And the one on Friday ! 
Practical interview at high noon . Cue the showdown music ! 
starts at Massage Envy in Marlboro on Friday . 
You can get anything you want at < PROPFEMALE>'s Resteraunt ! 
Thanks for a great day , everyone ! ! ! 
is not buying anything on Cyber Monday . 
is trying real hard to care even a little bit about Tiger , his car , his wife , and his affair , but he just can't manage it . 
is Mad , Bad , and Dangerous To Know . 
Very small flakes but a whole lot of them ! 
It took hours but we've finally dug our way through the snow to the hot tub . We're gonna be OK ! ! ! 
Well ... I guess that snow is not gonna shovel itself ! 
is disappointed that knowing the name , origins , insertions , and actions of all the muscles he used shoveling 47,000 tons of snow does not make them any less sore . 
is Keyser Söze . 
9 degrees out ! How stupid is that ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a Happy New Year ! 
As usual , < PROPFEMALE > was better to me than I deserved ! I hope you all fared as well . 
It's 22F outside with a windchill of about -5 . Is that too cold for the hot tub ? 
My wife is in the other room laughing like a crazy person at the book she's reading . 
11F outside ! Who thought that was a good idea ? 
wishes you all a very Happy New Year ! ! ! 
22F ??? Where are my shorts and tee shirts ? 
is Spartacus ! 
Avatar was way cool ! 
Bright sun . Mild temp . Cool breeze . Hot tub ! ! ! 
has been astonishingly well behaved , all things considered . He hopes all you gals appreciate it ! 
Monday ! YESSSS ! ! ! 
Has flying squirrels in his attic , NOT bats in his belfry . So there ! 
Why didn't anyone tell me that the new season of Project Runway was starting last night ??? 
Religious fundamentalists will be the ruination of humanity . 
is wondering if everyone from Monday's Massage Envy party has been found yet . 
Three clients on table and two cancellations . Not a good weekend so far . :-( 
is getting white lung from chasing flying squirrils around his attic ! 
OK , people , if you're hoping some rodent is going to bring an early spring just look out your window . If you've been having winter weather for the last six weeks you're gonna be having it for the next six weeks ... at least . 
It's a winter wonderland ! 
My wife is so sweet . She just called to say she was on her way home and that they were playing our song on the radio . And I could hear it in the background ... Sometimes I feel ... SOMEtimes I feel ! ! !... Like I been tied to the whippin ' p o-o -ost Tied to the whippin ' p o-o -ost Tied to the whippin ' p o-o -ost . Good lord I feel like I'm dy-y-in'! 
is trying to think of an excuse for not shoveling . 
REMEMBER : Dress in layers . Go slow . Take frequent rests . Lift with your legs . Don't lift and twist . Keep your core tense . And always , ALWAYS follow a snow storm with a good session from your well trained , well compensated Massage Therapist ! 
loves a House-a-thon . Thanks BRAVO . 
The game was OK . The food was good . The company was better . When are they gonna make Super Bowl Monday a national holiday . That would really put a cap on it ! 
found the USB drive he thought he had lost forever ! Woo hoo ! ! ! 
is pretty sure the rest of the snow won't shovel itself but is willing to give it more time . 
Tonight's storm could be a mess , not the dry fluffy that we got the last couple of times . 
would like the new format more if all of the posts showed up ! 
took his own advice and got a long night's sleep . 
is going to get another good night's sleep tonight . Ahhhhh ... 
and his classmates at Cortiva were a tougher group . They never closed for snow while we were there ! 
is going to try to limit the yelling at the TV during the Winter Olympics to only the most important things . 
is tired . Lots of deep work tonight . A good day . 
Sno-Bo-Cross ! ! ! Yes ! 
Leaving all your aches and pains in the hot tub : Priceless ! 
wonders why they don't show more sports like snow-bo-cross and less beauty pageant like figure skating . 
Halfpipe ? Everyone , pull up your pants ! 
It is just a beautiful night out ! 
is relieved that his gutters thawed out before they fell off ! 
Is baking cookies for the Smith Hall Mystery : The Rabbit's Riddle . 
' s wife things how he folds sheets is cute . 
Go Ohno !!! 
is glad his family is nothing like those people on Big Love ! 
really wishes that ski jumping was a sport . It so easily could be . 
' s wife got on a jury . String ' em up ! ! ! 
Let it snow . Let it snow ! Let it snow ! ! ! 
Snowing here ! 
Famous < PROPMALE>'s BBQ ! I feel my arteries hardening but it tastes so good . 
Big Love tonight was like watching my own life on the screen . 
I'd like to get some sleep before I travel , But if you got a warrant I guess you're gonna come in . 
Girl Scouts rock the house ! Especially if the house is a warehouse with 100,000 boxes of cookies ! ! ! 
Hey ! Step 1 : Make your appointment for a massage . Step 2 : Show up ! How hard it that , people ? 
sees Massage Envy people everywhere he goes ! 
is very happy that nobody ever pays him in gum . 
is gonna rock the bracket ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > every day . 
had the top down yesterday . Woo hoo ! ! ! 
The Girl Scounts in my wife's Service Unit sold 100,000 boxes of cookies ! ! ! ! 
Why are there no reality shows about nice people ? 
is immersed in his Easter observance : listening to Jesus < PROPFIRST > Superstar . 
is wearing a red beld . Could we all not freak out , please ? 
Maybe you'll see me in a < PROPFEMALE > suit . Maybe you won't . 
Go YANKS ! ! ! 
Wii Boxing is a workout ! 
Anyone going to the Cortiva Job Fair ? 
What a beauty day ! 
You need massages on nice days , too , people . 
is annoyed by the calls he's received and the calls he was expecting but didn't receive . This symmetry is pretty much what one should expect . 
I love watching < PROPFIRST > work . It's a great reminder of how amazing she is ! 
Please , may we now relegate < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin to the obscurity she so richly deserves ? 
just got a haircut and looks even better than usual . 
is so proud of < PROPFIRST > Heaney ! Tonight she was awarded the Thanks Badge by the Girl Scouts of the Jersey Shore . It is the highest honor an adult can receive in Girl Scouting and < PROPFIRST > greatly deserves it . Her decades of service to the girls and to Girl Scouting leave me humbled and as proud as I could be . She is always amazing and I'm glad to have yet another opportunity to brag about her ! 
The pollen is piling up in drifts in my yard ! 
For I am a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! \ 
And it is , it is a glorious thing\ 
To be a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! \ 
For I am a Pirate < PROPMALE > ! \ 
\ 
You are ! \ 
Hurrah for the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! \ 
To be a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . \ 
It is ! \ 
Hurrah for the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Legend of the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > went wonderfully well . How can you beat a beautiful day in a beautiful < PROPMALE > ? 
It is so cold here I had to keep chipping the ice forming on my breakfast cereal . 
hopes the Yankees play tonight . That was a fun game last night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Woo hoo ! ! ! 
The neighbor's sheep seems unhappy today . 
Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is very funny . And since it is a musical they , of course , did the DVD commentary as a musical . It's well worth watching both . 
I just saw the first firefly flash of the summer ! 
rescued a house finch from his ( unlit ) woodstove . It was making a real racket . 
thinks that was a really bad call . 
That was a great party ! I hope everyone had as much fun being there as < PROPFIRST > and I had throwing it . 
Took\ 
two truckloads of goodies to my wife's brother's house for our big garage sale on \ 
Saturday . 335 20th Ave in Brick . Lots of furniture , fitness equipment , \ 
and lots of great stuff . Come and get it ! 
What a day ! 
has gone 25:20 without working on his fingernails . Woo hoo ! 
would definately have a drink with < PROPFIRST > McCullough . 
Is it FIFA policy for the US to get hosed in every game ? 
Anyone watching this match in Wimboldon ? 78 to 78 in the fifth set . That's 78 games to 78 games , btw . 
All sets should be played to a winner in games . Forget this tiebreak stuff ! 
No sport should have tiebreakers . Play on ! 
Hi ! 
Thank you all for your great kindness on my birthday . It made the day even more special ! 
Warm day . 100.1 in the shade . 
The pod people did a great job today ! ! ! 
20 years ago today : Best . Day . Ever . 
Vampire < PROPFEMALE > has really fallen off a < PROPMALE > since < PROPFEMALE > left Sunnydale . * sigh * It's a shame . 
But it's a dry heat . 
is watching The Good Guys . Very funny . \ 
-Let's go bust some punks ! 
I just got CPR and AED trained ! ! ! So if anyone needs to be CPRed or AEDed just let me know . \ 
Ummm ... how's everyone feeling ? 
That ref was totally in Spain's pocket . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner . Dead at 80 . You can say a lot about him but it is beyond argument that he was great for Baseball . 
Come on , fellas , it's the All < PROPFEMALE > Game ! Shaves and haircuts ! 
Go , YANKS ! ! ! Awesome . 
Dollar Dog Wednseday at the BlueClaws tonight ! ! ! 
is mildly afraid to go to work today because of the new no smoking policy . 
This afternoon I watched \The Hidden Fortress\ " or \ " Akira Kurosawa owes me 133 Minutes I'm Sure I'll Never Get Back \"." 
My wife called and said she's bringing home Homerus Americanus for dinner . I don't know if she's bring home a new friend or if we'll be eating a dog of some kind tonight . \ 
This is an example of googlephobia : I'm afraid to look it up ! 
My coworkers just give massages but they're being sent to the medics like we're playing Rollerball . 
Yes , I'm married . 
Going to work . It's time to nut up or shut up . 
Now : work . Later : Bustin ' some punks with The Good Guys . 
Happy Ramadan ! 
For the last two days there's been a hawk flying from tree to tree in my yard , screaching its fool head off ! 
is really enjoying his new Roleo ! 
The neighbor's sheep is going nuts . Is it mutton season , does anyone know ? 
does not give a rat's ass what religion the \ 
President or any other politition chooses , for whatever reasons , to \ 
believe in . As long as they don't try to force their beliefs into the \ 
laws of our country it's OK with me . 
Pastor < PROPFIRST > Jones is just as miguided and evil as whoever he thinks he is confronting by burning a pile of Quran . Such an act would serve mainly to illuminate his own ignorance , hatred , and shortsightedness . He is , in this way , identical to all such religious extremists , regardless of what book they call holy . 
Go Yanks ! What an ending ! 
Is there still a rule in football against offensive holding ? You'd never know it by the refs ! 
It is a crazy acorn season and it just getting started ! 
is sick like a dog . :-( And not in a good way . 
is so sick that he missed his staff meeting at work and he was pretty sure they were going to have a cake for him . Now he's pretty sure they just talked about him the whole time . 
is not as sick as he was , so that's something . 
has the best wife ever . 
Worst Glee music ever . 
GO YANKS ! ! ! 
What's up with the Rays ? 
is annoyed by $5 tips . What are you thinking , people ? 
Go Yanks ! Beat Texas ! ! ! 
Go , AJ ! ! ! Keep it up ! 
would change their profile picture , but he still looks the same . * sigh * 
The Story of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was great last night ! I hope you can make it tonight ! ! ! 
was up a tree for a few hours today . It was a great group at Kateri's high ropes course and he was glad to volunteer for it . 
Vote early . Vote often . Don't vote for wingnuts ! 
At a time when we need leadership , compassion , vision , and wisdom we get Tea Partiers . 
A sandwich without meat is just lonely bread . 
It's gonna be cold up in the trees today ! 
Tomorrow is Sesame Street's 41st anniversary ! Celebrate by changing your Facebook profile picture into a picture of your favorite character . Tell your friends and spread the word ! 
Great sweat lodge last night . Thanks , everyone ! 
KID , HAVE YOU REHABILITATED YOURSELF ? 
March of the Wooded Soldiers : Watched\ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Restaurant : Listened To\ 
Table : Set\ 
Turkey : In The Oven\ 
Happy Thanksgiving to all , and to all a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
We had wonderful people fill our home . My wife cooked an outrageously great meal . A good time was had by all . And I suffered no career ending cuts or burns on my hands . A perfect day ! 
would definitely put a wrist strap on his wand . 
is annoyed that people think $10 for a 90 < PROPFEMALE > massage is OK . 
is pretty sure the pain is coming from his right trochanteric bursa . Anyone have any bursitis treatments ? 
Watching ' Love Actually ' and ' Scrooge ' while getting out the christmas cards . Ho ho ... wait for it ... ho ! 
The Senate is slated to vote Monday on the deal the president cut with Republicans to extend the Bush-era tax cuts for the < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > passionately outlined his opposition for more than 8 ½ hours on Friday . I'm with < PROPFIRST > . [ Copy this into your status to show your solidarity with < PROPFIRST > ! ] 
18 chilly degrees ! 
This morning my wife described me as handsome , intelligent , elegant , and sweet , and that I was really ideal . \ 
I'm not sure how to take it . 
has polar bears in his front yard and a tree actually in the house . Odd . 
You won’t burn in hell . But be nice anyway . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Gervais 
is reminded why he avoids TV news . 
Have yourself a < PROPFEMALE > little Christmas . 
< PROPFEMALE > was here ! 
is simply having a wonderful Christmastime . For this he blames his wonderful friends and family , but most especially his amazing wife . 
27 inches here ! I had to take the window out of my screen door just to get out of the house . The back deck is 3 feet deep and I don't know when I'll be able to dig out the hot tub ! 
If something seems too good to be true it's best to shoot it , just in case . 
Happy New Year to all , and to all a good night ! 
Two yes/no questions :\ 
1 ) Do you know what a Horatio Alger story is ? \ 
2 ) Have you ever read a Horatio Alger story ? 
really enjoyed going to see ' True Grit ' with < PROPFIRST > Heaney . Less fun was eating in the food court by the Verizon Wireless store counting the number of times she said , \That is not the droid I'm looking for . \ " \ 
8.3 degrees F on my front porch . 
Nasty out . I'd rather have snow . 
2.7 degrees and I'm going out in all of them ! 
We are almost halfway through winter ! \ 
Almost . 
just remembered a lot of stuff he forgot to mention during The Airing of the Grievances last year . 
< PROPFEMALE > did more damage the to middle class than all other Presidents combined . 
really likes the new Massage Envy shirts and is sure that he and his little coworkers will really enjoy them . He's also pretty sure that everyone will remember that it was corporate's choice and skip all the bitching and moaning over the next 3-27 months ! 
is pretty sure the Westminster is fixed . 
Reposting this : Only 5 states do not have collective bargaining for educators and have deemed it illegal . Those states and their ranking on ACT/SAT scores are as follows : South < PROPFEMALE > - 50th ; North < PROPFEMALE > - 49th ; < PROPFEMALE > - 48th ; Texas - 47th ; < PROPFEMALE > - 44th . Wisconsin , with its collective bargaining for teachers , is ranked 2nd in the country . Let's keep it that way . Please repost . 
has been adrift since they stopped printing biorhythms in the paper every day . 
is trying to keep it together so he can go to work tonight . Is anyone at Massage Envy NOT sick ??? 
was , once again , brought to tears by This American Life . 
never thinks about < PROPFIRST > Sheen unless it's to tell someone to stop talking about him . 
So let me get this straight ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic 
is living on reds , vitamin C , and cocaine . 
\The scapula is the trangular-shaped bone of the upper back . \ " \ 
Yes , I do feel lucky . And stop calling me \punk \"!" 
Yes , it happened . A client brought an iPad into a massage and wanted to watch a movie as I worked on them . \ 
Epic fail . 
It's always nice to look out and see the banner out front indicating a gentle breeze out of the south . It would be nicer still if it were warmer than 37 degrees as it blew ! 
Bad CGI and worse car chases , but \The < PROPMALE>'s Speech\ " is a very good movie ! " 
< PROPMALE > HENRICKSON LIVES ! ! ! 
is not from Kolob . He understands the confusion but please stop asking . 
BASEBALL ! ! ! ! 
1-0 . Go Yanks ! 
Oh , the weather outside is frightful , \ 
but the fire is so delightful , \ 
and since we've no place to go , \ 
... 
SERENITY NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Tex is on pace to knock in 486 runs and hit 152 home runs . \ 
That would be a pretty good year . 
