2010 

Thinking about puppets and rocket ships , and I saw Avatar in 3D last night which was fun 
Rocket Ships and Puppets ! 
Hi friends ! I've been busy with the upcoming show , so check out my new pics and give me some feedback ! 
Six Days !! 
Great show last night , you guys ! I had a really good time and sold 14 paintings ! Maybe next time the transformer won't blow up and all the bands can play !! I ' ll keep you posted about the next event , we're calling it \Future Show \"!" 
< PROP < PROPFEMALE > LE > SALE TODAY @ 174 Lafayette Road , Salisbury < PROPFEMALE > . Everything Must Go ! $10 each for any piece ! Now until sun-down ! 
If you can't make it to my < PROPMALE > sale today , I'll also be doing it this Wednesday and Friday , from eleven a.m. until sun-down !! 
< PROPMALE > SALE Today and this Friday !! $10 a piece until everything's gone !! I've got to make room in my house for my next series , so come to 174 LAFAYETTE ROAD in SALISBURY and pick up a painting !! 
get between the fences and stay down low 
Sometimes I like to get out a stack of old paintings and give them a fresh layer . That's what I'll be up to tonight . Fun ! 
Climbing < PROPMALE > Mountain 
coffee , corn muffins , and clementines 
So the newest plan is to leave for New York on monday ... 
i can't physically take all my < PROPMALE > with me , so I've been giving it all away for FREEEEE along with most of my other possesions . It's almost all gone !! I think I've got fifteen pieces left , maybe less ! 
Unique New York , 3 Times Fast 
Starting my new job in Dreyden NY today , oh boy . Less than a week and I'm already employed , yay 
I'll let you be in my dream if I can be in yours 
I can't find my USB cable and my batteries are dead so No New Pics Yet ! :-( unfortunate ... 
Memory Card ! 
The sun's not yellow , it's Chicken 
is working on a new series entitled \A Brush with Luck\ " and still putting out applications for a new job . " 
I'm sick from eating eggs , again ... 
Peanut butter and Kix sandwhich 
I think it would be gross to drink coffee with hot sauce in it . 
Skinny Yellow Twiggy Bugs 
Don't ever spit on a hot lightbulb ! 
I got a new red hat 
Butter Bridge 1 
Two snowmen are standing in a meadow , one snowman turns to the other and says \Do you smell carrots ? \"" 
\I feel sorry for people who dont drink or do drugs . Someday theyll be laying in a hospital bed dying and they wont know why . \"- Redd Foxx " 
Two old ladies are sitting in a restaurant . One complains \The food here is terrible . \ " The other shakes her head and adds \ " And such small portions . \"- Woody < PROPFIRST > " 
\We had a depression fair in the backyard . A < PROPMALE > game there was Pin the Blame on the Donkey . \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
whats the first things a woman does when she gets back from a battered womans clinic ? the goddamn dishes if she knows whats good for her . 
whats the difference between a battery and a woman ? a battery has a positive side . 
why dont women need drivers licenses ? because theres no road from the bedroom to the kitchen . 
Why couldnt < PROPFEMALE > Keller drive ? Because she was a woman . 
Wanna hear a funny joke ? Womens Rights . 
How many men does it take to open a beer ? None , because it should be open when she brings it to you . 
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes ? Nothing , shes already been told twice . 
Why do women get married in white ? So they match the kitchen appliances . 
How can you tell a man is planning for the future ? He buys two cases of beer . 
I asked God for a bike , but I know God doesnt work that way , so I stole a bike and asked God for forgiveness 
Going to church doesnt make you a Christian any more than standing in the garage makes you a car 
Children : You spend the first two years of their life teaching them to walk and talk , you spend the next 16 telling them to sit down and shut up 
Why do < PROPFEMALE > ns choose from just two people for President , but 50 for Miss < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Never hit a man with glasses , hit him with a baseball bat 
I once got into a fight with a guy who said \Im gonna mop the floor with your face . \ " and I said \ " Youll be sorry . \ " and he said \ " Oh yeah ? Why ? \ " and I said \ " Because you wont be able to get into the corners very well . \"" 
With sufficient thrust , pigs fly just fine 
Dogs have masters , cats have staff 
OK Everyone , I'm leaving NY now and coming Home to MASS . 
The drive was nice and the scenery beautiful , I miss New York already so I'm going back on Sunday . Looking forward to PFM tomorrow night and then the drive back to where I ought to be ! 
The Wal-Mart in Salisbury is totally different now . My brother and I went there at midnight and there were lots of new security officer-types with walkie talkies . And there was a free H1N1 clinic or something like that in the pharmacy area . Also , the electronics department is huge ! Very many very large TVs . 
When I got to my aunt's house last night I was swarmed by 3 women who all wanted to tell me what to do and stuff food down my throat . That I wasn't suffocated to death is remarkable ! 
Cows , Hills , and free Wi-Fi at this service station on i-90 between Albany and Syracuse . 
You know what really wrecks my mattress ? Snow . And the covers I bought were Shredded in the wind ! They're only water-resistant ! 
Tennis 
When NASA first started sending up astronauts , they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity . To combat the problem , NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity , upside down , underwater , on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300 degrees Celsius . The Russians used a pencil . 
A fine is a tax for doing wrong , a tax is a fine for doing well . 
Moving into my new apartment tonight ! 
So I don't have the internet at my new apartment yet , you'll know when I do ! 
And the Lord shall guide thee continually , and satisfy thy soul in drought , and make fat thy bones , and thou shalt be like a watered garden , and like a spring of water whose waters fail not . ( < PROPMALE > 58:11 ) 
Ugh , my poor trashed brushes ! 
Happy New Year ! 
AAAAAHAHAHAhaHahahaaaHAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
I'm finally buying myself a baritone ukulele and a little metal xylophone , of which i've been dreaming for weeks and saving my pennies . Oh , happy day ! 
Glockenspiel 
Let's play Spice Girls , I'll be Sporty 
Today the air was warm and sweet . I have a copy of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland from 1946 , and I finished reading it again with the window open . I also went over to the lumber yard . I bought a sheet of quarter-inch luan and got it cut into 14 pieces . 
This week I painted exclusively with my left hand , even any words I wrote . Does this mean I'm ambidextrous ? I just uploaded the results , check it out maybe . 
37 days until I'm back on the east coast , I wanna bang some drums like a barbarian whore , I gotta do a show cuz I've already reached critical mass , 100 ghosts are being born as I type ( in my dreams ) , I'm california dreamin but first before anything I gotta visit NYC ... Plans-Makin I is- 
WOO WOO ! I just got TWO jobs today , starting the first one tomorrow ! I win ! Now I shall go shopping for new work clothes , because I gotta look good ! 
I like vegan food and Indian food and I want to try some Thai 
I spent the whole day in Boston , enjoying the city and the beautiful weather . 
Happy Easter ! 
looking for a place to live 
I looked at the CUTEST apartment today and it looks like I'm gonna get it ! If I do , I'll move in this weekend :) 
Oooo ! I hold in my hands the lease to my new apartment , I move in tomorrow and that's makin me smile :-) 
Free wireless if I go out on my porch ... 
Sittin out on the porch 
Job , ap < PROPMALE > ment , < PROPMALE > , love ... But the greatest of these is love . 
Rome wasn't build in a day , you know . And a mountain goat is just a lonely sheep looking for something higher . And life is like a painting , sometimes you gotta step back and look at what you've done before you keep working . 
I'm gonna need more couches ... But I got lamps ! 
Vital information for your everyday life : I can get free wireless if I put my laptop on my windowsill . WIN ( but the connection's a little lousy/unreliable ) 
Three words : Cheap Drum < PROPFEMALE > 
Prettyyy , prettyyy , prettyyy , prettyyyyyyy goood 
Rootbeer and Pistols 
OH ! Today when I was out on my walk I found a paper-cutter in a recycling bin and there was nothing even wrong with it , Score ! 
Yeah I'm 23 now , what of it ? :) 
FOR THIS IS THE ASSASSINS ' HOUR 
Knives and fire , drums and dresses , plywood and gelato ... Oh yes , and the city . 
Whatever work your hands find to do , do it with all your might . For in the realm of the dead , where you're going , there is no working or planning or knowledge or wisdom . 
Posing for a picture- 
Prima Balalaika ! 
I want someone to play baritone ukelele while I play balalaika ! 
climbed up on the roof 
But I'd rather be workin for a pay check than waitin to win the lottery 
went for a nice bike ride today :) 
My brother found a free bass on the side of the road and gave it to me . It needs a little attention but it works :) 
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens ... 
Someday , I know , my < PROPMALE > will come 
Save yourself , don't give it up ... Don't you know that it's different for girls ? You're all the same . 
The heart is the mediator between the mind and the hands 
accidently sliced the tip of her left middle finger at work with a knife . Now it hurts her real bad to play her uke , but she's playing it any way . 
I want a BBQC , fries , and a rootbeer from Zonies in Cortland , but I don't think they're gonna deliver to < PROPFEMALE > . Anybody feel like going on a little road trip to central NY some time before the summer's over ? I miss that place like I miss everything else I ever had . 
Just like a dream 
My neighbor moved out yesterday , that makes me the only person living on this floor . 
If I told you , then you'd have to kill me 
The unavoidably public and intensely private taking of a former stranger as a loved one you keep so close that you become part of one another 
When the < PROPFEMALE > stings ... Oh , me ... 
And even if this hall collapses , I can stand on my pillar of hope , It's just a case of flash delirium 
Everything is possible 
And the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true :) 
Ok , time to put on some tunes and clean up this mess ! By the way , I'd like to thank whoever left the half-eaten bag of sweet & salty peanuts on my floor . I ate the rest of them for breakfast with my fruit salad :) 
Loves it 
Find a pencil , pick it up 
There will always be love , because love always is 
I was thinking about what life and the world are . I was thinking about who and what I am . 
not crushed ; perplexed , but not in despair 
Someday I know some one will look into my eyes , And say hello , You are my very special one ... 
If you live each day as if it was your last , someday you will most certainly be right 
(-(-(-(escape)-)-)-) 
accepted a job working at a stand during Yankee Homecoming at the end of July . Really looking forward to that extra $200 . Thinking about getting a massage , facial , mani/pedi , whitening , and things for the apartment ( a mop ) . Wants it bad , real bad . Wants it more than a savings account . I'm going to get what I want , and I'm going to look good . Real good . 
went for a bike ride , sat next to the river 
Sometimes it's photo shoot time 
Oh , don't carve me out . Don't let your silly dreams fall in between the crack of the bed and the wall . 
Don't help me , I've fallen and I never want to get up 
Some things will never , ever change 
The chances of being born are so slim , so keep warm 
This time baby I'll be bulletproof 
You're so vain , I bet you think this status update is about you 
What you've got boy is hard to find , I think about it all the time , I'm all strung out my heart is fried , I just can't get you off my mind 
it means more to me now than it did to me then 
If I love you more , will you love me less ? 
Climbing the rock to the castle on the < PROPFEMALE > 
Get him a body bag , < PROPFIRST > ! 
sepia tones and a seahorse tattoo 
so i drink in the shadows of an evening sky 
likes Hot Fries and Root Beer 
There was a time when I worked for Greek people who would make homemade Moussaka and Pastitsio and it was so good ... I do not miss having things thrown at me , but I sure do miss that food . 
the world needs someone like you and i like to look at your face 
Can't find my melodica- does somebody have it ?? 
So\ 
I'm having a little get together at my place on the 21st and I want\ 
some more artists to show their work . Photographers < PROPMALE > Oxten and Sam\ 
Stambaugh both reserved wall space . Metaphysical is playing\ 
and < PROPFIRST > Price is going to show us the right way to ruin an amplifier . If you're an artist or a musician , and you're interested in doing this , let me know . 
Happy Octapuss 
badder than old < PROPMALE > Kong , meaner than a junk yard dog 
Do you like hockey ? Do you like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
Are you coming to the p < PROPMALE > y tonight ? If you are , you can bring some < PROPMALE > form and it can be here , too . You can < PROPFEMALE > a picture on the fridge , you can leave your bike in the hall , anything you'd like to do you can do it . <3 See you soon <3 
<3 <3 <3 
Cat Power-Dear Sir-Itchyhead 
<3 
I'm really happy with the way the party happened on Saturday night . I want to say Thank You to everyone who came by , it was good to see you and fun to dance with/ in front of you . Thanks also to the bands and artists who said yes to me and participated in making the atmosphere what it was . It wouldn't have been as good if you hadn't been there . Much appreciation , gratitude , and love <3 
So , me and Kehoe were just sitting here sad about having to loose this sweet apartment scene , and we got to thinking- What if we all pitched in and came up with the rent and shared this place and used it at different times for different things ? 
Ehhhhh Heh heh hehhhhhh ! 
Well all I can tell you is if you want to be a salad when you grow up than you'd better make sure your license is valid . 
Who tried to call me ? Was it you ? I didn't have any minutes on my phone ! I do now , though . Call back if it was important . Otherwise just email ! <3 
Apple Picking with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Evans <3 
I just sent an email and I'm a little excited . I hope I get what I want this time , it could be an authentic good thing . 
I sold a painting last night ! YAY ! Now I can put off robbing that house for another few days ! Hahahahaha ! Just kidding , that's a crime :D 
I <3 The New Highway Hymnal 
Very sad : I can't find my red hat . Have you seen it ? :( 
I sold my laptop . That means i won't be answering emails or checking facebook regularly any more . Don't be discouraged if I don't get back to you right away , I'm not ignoring you . If you need to you can call or text me , but please be considerate . I have a limited number of minutes on my phone and want to use it only when necessary- No aimless chatting , no long conversations . <3 <3 <3 
Gosh it's cold outside ! I've already posted on craigs list , I might as well post here : Has anyone got an extra room or an attic that I can occupy for the winter ? Or can I sleep or your couch sometimes ? Lemme know ! 
I'll be down on the boardwalk , come throw a < PROPFEMALE > in my cup 
HEY ! At 5:30 tonight we're taking over Middle Street Books on Middle street in Newburyport . ART-MUSIC-POETRY . If you're in town be sure to stop by . I'm pretty sure we'll be going until about 9 . 
We'll be drinkin < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Whiskey , Rum , and Raspberry Vodka/ Cuz when we raise hell , you know we brings it up proper- ( party at < PROPFIRST>'s , fruit street nbpt , friday ) 
I'm taking the 2 o'clock bus to Newburyport , goin a < PROPFEMALE > out down town for a while . Tonight we're piling as many people as we can into < PROPFIRST>'s little studio apartment * . The ceilings are high and we probably will be , too . Theatre , Poetry , < PROPMALE > , Music , and Cuddling . \Make a Scene\ " (* fun ! ) " 
i haven't seen my phone in over two weeks , i don't know where it is . 
Pie in the face ! 
ever get that feeling like you walked outside to get the bus only to watch it drive away faster than you could run to catch it ? yeah me too 
I want the kind of space-time machine Dr. Who has so I can travel around 
The Electric Scarecrows were awesome last night . I love the new song <3 
i burned down the paper patch ... kiddo says it's my best work yet 
I give the best haircuts 
Hey Friends ! I'm moving from Haverhill back to NBPT and I've got to do it by the end of this week , ASAP . I need some help moving my twin-sized bed and boxspring to my new place . Is there anyone with a car who can help ? <3 <3 <3 
I can't answer my phone right now , I don't have minutes or money to buy more ! Just send me a message if you need to communicate , I have regular internet access <3 
on the fringe of the jungle 
slowly unravels 
technology and the potential for creation 
a million pretty little things 
< PROPFEMALE>'s! 
