iwanttogowalkonthebeach 

it's 10:24 , and i still have sunglasses on my head ... 
Never let your last words be bad words , you never know if they'll be the final ones said . 
My polyamorous friend got me in a mass of trouble again ... 
rahtatahtah .. 
yeppp , he'severything<3 
/sigh/ 
/sigh/ I'm ready for a family trip to Clearwater . 
I don't knowww if I should be happy , or upset ? 
I love how I'm trying to be a doctor and read my own MRI . 
When the day comes to close , and everyone is sleeping , I may be alone , but your love makes me feel like you're still there . 
I'm just a girl who can't say no ! ( : Mmm , < PROPFIRST > Z . 
Ahhhh goodness , I can't make up my mind and it's really irritating . 
The day is only as good as what you'll let it be .. 
I love the fact it's summer , but I HATE how hot it is . 
I'm ready for something exciting . (: 
The only thing missing this summer is Degrassi .. 
< PROPFIRST > Kinsey is the most amazing guy on the face of the earth . (: 
Mmmm , surgery . 
Clearwater .. (: 
Me and < PROPFIRST > finally get to go swimming ! (: 
I think I'm going to take a drive in the rain and put on the one song that makes my heart race because it reminds me of him . (: 
You should watch me TRY to walk , it's funnyy . (: 
Mmmmm , I love homemade pineapple smoothies . (: 
Two years ago , I met the most amazing person alive . (: 
I hate stupid moments .. (: 
I wish it was this exact weekend all over again because it made me feel the happiest I have been in a while . (: 
I wish i could see myself through other people's eyes sometimes . 
I really hope it doesn't rain tomorrow so i can go swimming .. 
I can't wait to see sick puppies ! (: 
There's always two sides to a story . 
The perfect night = Friday's movie night at home , sharing a tub of ice cream with < PROPFIRST > . (: <3 
Tomorrow , I'll spend my two year anniversary in Florida with < PROPFIRST > ! I can't wait ! (: 
Wow . Two years ago the most amazing guy i know became my boyfriend . (: 
This trip is taking a lot longer then planned because of two wrecks . Hope they're okay . 
Nothing's better then being in his arms for nine hours straight .. Amazing anniversary . :) 
Florida with my family and < PROPFIRST > is amazing ! (: I'm so happy he's here ! 
Last day of Florida with < PROPFIRST > and the family ! ): 
I just sliced my finger washing the blender at work . Ouch . ): 
Time to job hunt ! 
My earphones smell like < PROPFIRST>'s cologne .. (: 
I feel like dancing . (: 
He's pretty much amazing . Simple and sweet . 
Last night made me feel pretty good . (: 
I don't think he understands the feeling he gives me when he calls me his .. 
Hmmmm .. I hate making decisions .. 
That's so sad . I'm watching a guy on tv swim and surf with no legs and no arms .. ): 
Time for a new Zune . 
Work until eight , movie at nine forty five with < PROPFIRST > . Tonight will be a good night . (: 
Nothing like sitting around hearing my dad's friends stories . (: 
Nothing is ever good enough . 
I wish today was yesterday or Saturday all over again . 
Just when I think he couldn't get any better , he says something that makes him that much more perfect .. (: 
Ridiculous .. 
So much for planning a special day for his birthday .. \\: 
I need more money , and I need another job .. 
.... 
\Jesus ... Jesus ... There's something about your name .. \"" 
You don't know how about you are until something bad happens and takes the happiness away .. 
You don't know how happy you are until something bad happens and takes the happiness away .. 
I think I gave him a pretty good birthday . (: 
\I just wanna reach out and kiss you on the forehead ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Baker " 
I hate mosquitoes ! 
Why am I not surprised or upset ? 
Pets are best friends because they're the only ones who keep your secrets and don't judge you for you them . 
As long as tomorrow goes as planned , it'll be a great day . 
Whoa , when did it get so late ? 
It seems no matter how bad you want something good to happen , nothing works in your favor . 
Let's do something fun . 
There's nothing more relaxing than lying in bed and listening to music . 
I'm almost to the top , I'm at the peak of the mountain when my problems come down on me like an avalanche fountain . 
Things couldn't get ANY better ! (: 
I wish everything happening now would have been at the beginning of the summer . 
I'm ready to go to the river again . (: 
I love my dad , and < PROPFIRST > . I'm blessed . (: 
I hate when he's not happy .. 
Pray God guides her home and puts her out of misery .. God bless her .. 
If you love something , you've got to let it go . <3 
Only he knows what he wants , so I'll support it whatever it may be .. 
I couldn't have woken up any better way . (: 
If any guy is interested in working at Rhodes Fitness , let me know and I'll give you info . Text me 223-1108 . 
I think I love my hair straight . (: 
It took one text from him with seven words and a heart to show me how much I mean to him . (: 
Why do we love love , when love seems to hate us ? 
She looked beautiful in her casket .. R . I . P .. 
Life's too short to put your life on hold for someone . 
It's been over two years , so now I don't know what to do with myself . Hmm .. 
I love how when < PROPFIRST > started painted my nails , he grabs all the toes except the one he's painting . (: so cute . 
Life is about light ; if you look at things in a darker light , things aren't as bright . 
Had an amazing day with < PROPFIRST > Kinsey . He's pretty amazing . (: 
I wish i knew what i had an allergic reaction to .. 
I miss being in physics . 
Hopefully today I'll find out what's going on . 
The bad thing about missing so much school is being so far behind .. 
This really has been the perfect weekend . (: 
If perfect is what you're searching for then just stay the same .. <3 -Bruno Mars 
Things are going to happen that you don't want to , but in the end it's probably what's best . 
It may seem like the hardest part is letting go , but really it's when you realize it's never coming back . 
I think I did the right thing , but at the same time I don't . 
You've made your bed . Now go lay in it and die like everyone else that's like you . 
I'm excited now .. He just doesn't know it .. (: 
Mayday Parade really knows how to hit that feeling we all experience that hurts so much . 
I'm ready for one of those things to happen that makes you smile so big you can't stop . 
Whatever doesn't literally kill me only makes me stronger , so no one can hurt me . 
Never worry about what's best for others because you may end up forgetting what's best for you . 
I finally got the day I've been wanting to happen . (: 
You're no super hero , I found in the end . 
Anyone want to go see Skillet with me November 21st ?! (: 
It takes the hard times in life to make you realize all the good you have . 
I was ment to love , and be loved by you . <3 
I'm ready for a vacation to Florida . 
It's nice to know that you'll always have a good friend waiting on you . (: 
I should really be doing my homework , but I keep getting distracted . 
Excited about getting to see my mom for the first time since July ! (: 
Someone should make a radio station that plays music from the 90's . 
I'm ready to have a weekend I won't forget . (: 
The Almost made the best remix of Amazing Grace , hands down . <3 
Hm , I love how my doctor can't give me an answer to what's wrong with me knee , but he'll give me a shot in it . 
\Broken socket wrench . \ " XP " 
Haven't even started my economics project that's due Tuesday . CRAP . 
Wow . It's amazing the power God has . <3 
This weekend can't come east enough ... (: 
Nothing tastes as sweet as i can't have , like you . 
I prepare for the worst , but hope for the best . 
The perfect ending to a day .. (: 
Tonight was only missing one thing to make it perfect . <3 
It always seems like if it's not one thing , it's ten more . 
This weekend turned out way better than i expected . (: 
\You make feel the saliva from someone else . \ " hahaha ! XP " 
My day , not so great . Tonight was perfect . (: 
I thought i was mad , but I'm actually happy for him . I wish them the best . (: 
Sylvia+Cody+David+Mom+Whoever else wants to < PROPFEMALE > out = The perfect weekend I've been wanting for over two years ! (: 
I wish i knew where my car keys were .. 
Made $40 AND made my paw paw's day . (: What a great day . 
Wow . This girl came walking into the gym and she smelt like < PROPFIRST > . 
The perfect weekend . <3 
Ha , wow . Life is great . 
Wow ... (: 
I love helping people .. Especially when it's life or death . (: 
Last night helped me make up my mind . ( X haha , wow .. 
It's not what you know about it , it's how you go about it . 
I really wish i had a piano . 
Halloweentown ! :) 
Time stops for no one , so don't get lost in it . 
I wonder what I'll do after work tomorrow night . 
I really hate when people do the speed limit . 
Amazing night . (: this will be a great weekend . 
I need to have a fountain moment . ( X 
About to get ready for another great day ! 
Young angel , if you hate me tell me burn heaven .. 
Hookah .. 
What's more important : what people think , or what God knows ? 
Anyone want to go to Lomberton next weekend to a haunted house ? 
I'm flattered .. (: 
If God can forgive me for what I've done , shouldn't you ? 
I miss nights like these .. 
Yesterday was history , tomorrow is a mystery , but today is a gift . That's why they call it the present . 
Ready for Christmas already . (: 
I've never been this relaxed . Wow .. 
Life's getting better day by day . (: 
I would really love if someone would do my research paper for me .. 
I get to the park to walk my dog and realize i forgot his leash at the house .. 
This weekend was pretty great , but i'm ready for this next one . 
After 12+ years of school , you'd think we'd learn not to procrastinate . 
Now I REALLY want a back massage .. 
I give up . Not even worth it . 
Ohhmy i can't wait to see Saw 3D . 
Certain people in my third block are going to drive me crazy by December .. 
Before you start spittin ' game , boy , make sure you know how to play . 
< PROPMALE > Holder is amazing . 
Tonight is going to be AMAZING . 
I really want waffle house . ): 
My car smells like perfume , < PROPFIRST > and fire . 
And wrecks happen because of people who don't put their blinkers on .. 
So i got a call from my old manager from AE asking me to come back to work for them . 
Wow .. I saturated my Zune with water .. ): 
I'm ready for it to be eight . This day's dragging . 
I forgot it felt this good . (: 
Yesterday was perrfect . Let's make it happen again . 
Sometimes what seems the best is the worst , and sometimes it takes the worst to show you what's best . 
I'm pretty sure it's not necessary to watch me work .. 
Living is extremely expensive . 
I hate when they show people getting sick on tv , It's gross .. 
Go to school , or go get a steroid shot ? 
You only make it harder on yourself .. 
It's funny how many memories come to mind when you listen to a single song .. 
Some guy , at 5:00 , tried to steal an entire cash register out of exon on courthouse , realized it wouldn't work , then ran to his get away car at pizza hut .. 
Never regret decisions someone else made . 
\You dropped it like it was lukewarm .. \"" 
I JUST finished my senior book , even though I've worked on it for two weeks . 
Finally a high school graduate ! :D 
I think I'll ask for an acoustic guitar for my birthday .. 
Mmm ... Smores .. 
Mmm ... Smores .. With < PROPFIRST > . (: 
It's such a teast to think the UPS truck is here , but it's a school buss driving down the street . 
Having a great day with < PROPFIRST > Kinsey ! (: 
Had a great birthday , now I'm ready for KoRn and Disturbed . ( 
Anyone interested in trying a free Zumba class at Rhodes Fitness ? If so , text me at 223-1108 for more info . 
For anyone interested in trying the Zumba class , we are having a session this Wednesday at 5:45 for free at Rhodes Fitness . Hope to see you there ! 
Anyone from 14-19 years old is welcome to try a free teen Zumba class at 4:00 on Wednesday , 2/9 at Rhodes Fitness . Hope to see you there ! (: 
Rain ... 
Lies and secrets should have never been invented .. 
Couldn't be more ready for summer . 
I got a blue < PROPFEMALE > for valentines day ! (: 
Promises , easy to make and hard to keep . 
Just found the perfect song for my mama . 
The only time things are as good as what they seem are when they're in our dreams .. 
Don't mistake the silences , there's so much i haven't said . 
Work on Mardi Gras .. 
$5.49 a gallon in Tampa ? Glad i don't live there . 
It's so nice to sit outside and play my guitar . 
If you're going to ride my butt , go around me because I'll only go slower . 
I don't like how my old doctor shares an office with my new one .. 
