is grateful he gets to work from home on Mondays 

is finally heading out for the day . 6:30 AM is way too early to start . I miss my 8-1pm schedule I use to have ... 
forgot home much he loves E.L.O. Listening to Mr. Blue Sky 
2 Weeks and a day until DCI World Championships -- Can't wait to get to Indianapolis !!! 
thinks 7AM is way too early to do statistics :( 
loves working from home ! 
has to be in the office today ... 
is happy the week is almost over 
hates trying to calculate percentile ranks in SQL server .... Where is SPSS or SAS when you need it . 
is listening to one of his favorite orchestral pieces ' The Chairman Dances ( Foxtrot for Orchestra )' by < PROPFIRST > Adams 
is writing a paper on the research done regarding the blue dye in m&ms having a positive impact on spinal injuries . The downside is you could end up looking like a smurf . Tough decision - partial paralysis or look like brainy ( I do wear glasses ) 
back to work - oh well ... 
YAY - It only took 3 days , but I now have a 5 o'clock shadow !!! woo hoo 
Back to work today -- actually going to be a pretty good week here ! 
Ugh , I did not want to come into work today . 
Thank you to all for the birthday wishes . I miss all of you guys . Looking forward to some travel in the coming year to crash on some couches and reconnect with y'all 
is starting to enjoy cleaning house ... Lord I have gotten old . 
Anticipation is the worst . Just snow already ! 
is excited to not have to go to work , but instead take the CTA downtown for a seminar . YAY for the CTA 
Rang in the new year with some of the people who I love dearly . Couldn't ask for anything more . 
trying to decide if ' Daybreakers ' was craptastic or craptacular 
Just listened to ' Rocket ' Goldfrapp's latest -- VERY 80's and supper cool ! 
New song stuck in my head - \All Over the World\ " - ELO . At least it is a good song ... " 
Helping someone move - the ultimate test of a relationship . At least I will have a good view while doing it :) 
Oh sweet jebus , plants versus zombies on the iPad is sooooooo addictive . Watch out for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , he brings hordes of undead masses 
H , h , hobocamp 
Good god , I have finally found out who would rent a theater for their corporate meeting ... mine . I know they try to show they care --- just give me a day off that would show me . :) 
I love Chicago !!! Walking over to the beach to catch some rays and enjoy a relaxing sunday 
Who knew < PROPFEMALE > carlson's job is just like being the president . Yes < PROPFEMALE > , reading talking points is just like cleaning up the mess the GOP left us with . Frackin twit ! 
I agree < PROPFIRST > -- just wish they could execute it just a little better 
Seeing crown does make me miss < PROPFEMALE > ... 93 , one of the best shows ever 
couldn't agree more < PROPFIRST > -- amazing sound 
can't wait to see them in indy live ... amazing sound 
myron : good and yes I am 
Buddy : That was the first show I ever saw ... still gives me goosebumps 
love connecting with old friends ( even better when they are older -- makes me feel young again ) 
3 days then off to Indianapolis for DCI !!! woo hoo ! 
Dang , I forgot how much I love E.L.O. Mr. Blue Sky ! 
While Chicago may have been a good move for me professionally , recent events have made me miss the family I created in Tucson . 
I have a new addiction , and its a yummy one - wildberry smoothies from McDonalds . 
Only 4 more days until my trip home and a nice long sabbatical 
New rule for me ... no more watching depressing movies about losing the love of your life and dying alone . Time to put in zoolander and love in some kitties . 
Less than 48 hours and I will be back in Arizona . Woo hoo ( I do need to make sure I bring my papers though , I do have a tan ) 
Tucson has been a blast , venture n hasn't changed a bit 
Damn that is a long ass drive Chicago to minneapolis 
Mmmm brunch with some buddies at lucias 
Slept like crap last night . Guess I am nervous about my first day back to work in 5 weeks . 
Thank god for roommates with the hook-up . I need a cut color and highlight STAT . My roots are showin and I look like a damn hippie . 
Damn I am hungry 
Being hungry and tired is not a good combination for me . Blew up at someone who did not deserve it . Fortunately I will have a < PROPMALE > to apologize on wednesday 
Going from no roommates to 9 is a culture shock but well worth it . These boys keep me on my toes , honest , and present . 
This busy gal needs a nap 
A power nap is just what the doctor ordered 
I always use to think of boundaries as negatives . I am actually quite thankful for some external ones set on me right now . It is keeping my life simple and focussed on my primary purpose . Night night 
Well , the power nap was a good idea earlier now I can't get to sleep though 
I love meetings to discuss how we are going to meet . 
Ugh , I think I found the slowest walgreens pharmacy in the country 
My spoon is too big . I'm a banana :) 
Lordy , up way past my bed time but well worth it . Hanging out with good friends and having fun 
Reflecting on what I was doing just a couple months ago . Amazing how life can change and take you in a direction you never thought possible . 
OMG -- I am so frackin busy don't have time to just isolate -- wouldn't change it for anything ! 
Must ... get ... caffeine 
Cognos is pissing me off this morning . Why can't things run as fast as I want and when I want . 
Damn < PROPFIRST > Hayes from the nation is hot hot hot . Plus hella smart 
Lord , has it really gotten to the point of me checking out the local \mug shot\ " newspaper for possible boyfriends ... What crime would disqualify someone ? " 
So excited , first night of gay volleyball . Another one of the gifts-being able to just have fun . 
Volleyball rocked . Looking forward to buildin up my skilz so I can play on the league nights 
Doing therapy and iop in one day is just way to intense . I need a spa day to relax 
I am so grateful for my living situation because all I want to do is hide in bed for the next 48 hours . I just have to remember some things are outside of my control 
ugh , I don't think I will ever be able to show my face at work again :( 
I need to get a < PROPFEMALE > of this Minnesota nice thing . I ended up going off ( by Minnesota standards ) on the waitress tonight . Other than that , < PROPFIRST > Sedaris rocked tonight . 
Insomnia ... blech 
It's a new < PROPFEMALE > . It's a new day ... 
At the movies gonna see paranormal activity 2 . 
Movie was craptastic but the company was decent 
Getting the day started . Where to go for coffee ? 
Dang there is an adorable nerdy guy here at the coffee shop 
I think it's time for a little nap 
Me want food 
Getting ready to start makin some fab ice cream bars for tomorrow's spaghetti fest 
Cooking with good friends . This is all I really need in life , the connection with people I care about and sharing my passions 
Woken up by thunder . Love good thunderstorms .... Even better when I can just reach over and grab a little spoon and bring him in closer and snuggle . 
Ok , let's try this thing the kids are doing these days ... sleep 
Needs to start wearing a blindfold at night . When the roomie turns in the light it keeps waking me up . Ughhhh . Another sleepless night . Bitter , party of one , your table is ready ! 
Wonders if he should \go county\ " to appeal to real < PROPFEMALE > " 
To all my facebook friends , thank you for dropping me a line today and helping make my 36th ack ack ack , a pretty darn good birthday 
Is it too much to ask for just one full night of sleep ? :( . 
Dear lord , let there be sheep in my future 
Serenity now , serenity now 
Looks like i will be taking a nice long sabbatical from working . I am so grateful i have the opportunity to take time to work on myself 
Someday I will walk the walk ... Until then I just have to learn < PROPFEMALE > 
Sleep sweet baby Jesus I want sleep 
In for the night . May have to go to bed early 
Excited for the day , I get to shop as part of my homework-create a self care basket for all 5 senses ... Wonder what I will get 
Putting together my 5 senses self care basket . Makes me wonder ... does anyone have a song they listen to when they need their spirits lifted ? 
Crazy is as crazy does 
Yummy , found a new sub-species of the hot gay nerd ... the furry hot gay nerd ... Grrrrlicious . Guess my new morning spot is caffetto 
Listening to ' The President of the LSD Golf Club ' by Hooverphonic . Love that deep trancy ( not truancy apple ) intense sound they have 
Sometimes , just being honest about what you want yields unexpected and happy little surprises . 
Conflicted and uneasy . Thankfully I am not alone and have people to talk too ... In other news , my new face creams are fabulous :) 
H.G.N. Spotted . He looks so sweet ordering his skim latte . Fortunately , my eyes have found something else for the time being . Just waiting to see what happens . Lord knows I am not good at multiple tasking . Hehe 
And sometimes things work out just as you expected them to ... 
Tis tempting to find a Canadian cub and just make the move north . Alas , that is the easy way out . I just have to work and keep the faith that Americans will realize the republicans of today will never be working for their benefit . 
HGN spotted . Of course I was in the process of shoving a big cookie in my mouth when he was walking by ... hehe 
Thiing about doing something outdoorsy and taking pictures . Anyone wanna join ? 
Waking up hourly again ... Thinking about whether or not I am lonely and have come to the conclusion that I am not . I have many wonderful , energetic people in my life that keep me engaged with the world . I do know at some point , I will find someone special that will be my companion , my confidant , my little spoon ... 
Taking a moment to reflect on what kept me sober ( not dry ) for 62 days --- honesty not only in my actions , but also in the intent and thoughts behind the actions . It has been a challenge , at times , but having the support of so many around me makes it all worth while . Peace 
About time to get the day going , caffetto here I come . 
Today is a good day . Disability got approved - I will finally have the < PROPMALE > to take some time off to work on myself without souring about work or money . For this , I am incredibly grateful 
Off to Chicago to pack up my place and make it official . 
Made it to Chicago . Now showing < PROPFIRST > the wonderful el system . Can anyone say \hobo camp \"" 
Ahhhh , we have a hobo asleep on the redline , our el experience is almost complete . Need drunken sorority girls , the blind pan handler , and the American Idol contestant and our experience will be complete . 
Grateful I have < PROPFIRST > O . With me , just went past the target where a certain bad news cub works 
Got done packing up the condo . Just have to remember that this decision is to have a better life . 
Tough to be in my old bed one last night . Glad I am not in my condo alone . Looking forward to getting back to my home in minneapolis 
At some point insomnia will go away ... Until then , my random thought , I should not be surprised when people act as they always have and don't change just for me ... It's not their fault , I just always have to keep my eyes going in . 
It has been rough , but the place is packed up . Next time I am in Chicago it will be to pick up my kitties and bring them to < PROPMALE > care in Minneapolis . A new chapter is starting with several fresh new characters and a smattering of old ( that's you < PROPFIRST > ) irreplaceable individuals . 
Is hiding behind facebook my new isolating ? Why call when I can just update via status ? New rule for me-call/visit with at least 2 non-roommate friends a day to keep connected with the ones I love ( or at least tolerate for the moment ) . 
Praise be to Jebus , a HGN finally appeared at Caffetto . 
Lookin forward to getting my vball on tomorrow night 
One of the gifts of sobriety and of getting better psychologically is knowing that I have the right to say no when I need too . In other news I think my bladder was replaced with one of a 7 year old girl tonight ... 
Just got done with an amazing walk around Lake Calhoun . I love this city . 
And sometimes , when you just let things happen , life gets a little bit easier and more fullfilling . 
Chocolate cake seemed like a good idea earlier .... oy my poor tummy 
Finally , an HGN appears ... Although , i am slightly less boy crazy , I don't know what that is about ... 
Damn you vile slim < PROPMALE > and the heartburn you bring . I am •• this close to goin meatless . 
I am grateful that I have a family of choice that i can < PROPFEMALE > on ... 
Oh my , i think i fucked with some str8 guys looking for porn today . My blog post got far more hits than normal because of a certain reference to a female part of the body . Hey , whatever it takes to get readership up ! Hehe 
Screw spoons !!! They are so last season 
Interviewing today ... Let's see if it is something I want 
Dear god , I have to end my week with a lecture on mystical eastern crap . Give me good ol ' western pharmacology any day 
Yay !!! Lots of powdery white stuff outside . *\ 
\ 
* not from colombia 
Yay . Ordered my snow boots today 
Oh my goodness , pings Chinese restaurant is sooooo frackin good . The company wasn't bad either . 
Very conflicted ... got some good news about a possible job , but don't want to pull the trigger too soon . 
Excited for volleyball tonight , I don't like missing a week ... 
Job offered , don't know if i will accept ... 
Ahhhhh , righteous anger ... The bane of my existence . Time to get some meditation on and see what path my higher power lays out for me . 
On my way to HP with some of the Lyndale boys . Damn sobriety rocks !!! 
After a pretty shitty week , i have to say , the past 16 hours have been pretty damn good . 
Then there are days that the stars seem to be perfectly aligned and you are batting 1,000 ( yes kids , I used a sports metaphor ... ) 
For all you < PROPFEMALE > fans , you will get this reference ... I think I am cookies now , just about ready to be eaten . Need to cool off a bit , but done baking ... 
Insomnia , oh how I hate thee 
VB rocked tonight . I think I am getting better , just need to focus more on playing my position . Did fall on my tushie ... will have a big bruise in the morning 
Wish they would have had these when I was a kid ... Encourage them to keep those creative juices flowing . 
If you have never been to a Pecha Kucha night , you should go . They are hella fun . Great opportunity to meet people who just enjoy a stimulating night of intellectual curiosity and , every now and then , pandemonium . 
Watching robotech ... Dang this takes me back to being a kid . 
Is grateful for his family of choice today . Love all of you boys ( and a couple of girls ) 
Every day has it's ups and downs , but I have to say today has had far more ups ! 
I love Drawn Together and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Octopussiore 
All is right in the world . 
I know it's old , but Moloko ' Pure Pleasure Seeker ' is rockin my shiz right now . 
Dealing with disability insurance ... my favorite thing .... ick . 
I love getting lost in an < PROPMALE > Hovhaness piece to get my creative juices flowing ... ' Mysterious Mountain ' is fantastic . Lush , thick , melodies that just encapsulate the northwest for me . 
Something I have learned in sobriety is some days are just shitty ... however , I have absolute faith not ALL days are that way . At least , by staying sober , I have the choice of whether to deal or not deal with the issues . Drunk , the issues never get resolved . 
And just like that , a good day can happen 
I can bitch and moan about things going on in my life ; however , there are moments of clarity that are beginning to shake the very foundation of some core beliefs of mine . Maybe , just maybe , the philosophies to which I had such great aversion are the very ones that will open the door to serenity for me . 
I feel sorry for those who need to steal in order to survive . Hopefully the economy will turn around and they will be able to find security . 
Trying to find the strengh to just trust others that have my livlihood in their hands ... 
Funny how a good mood can just creep up on ya and bite you on the ass ... Woo hoo !!! 
Black Swan rocked my world . Frackin amazing . 
There must be some Torros in the atmosphere , cuz brrrr it's cold in here . 
Crappy night of sleep , still mulling over events of last evening ... but hell , bound and determined to make today a better day ... Goin to see Tron with some good friends . 
Had a great time with some pretty awesome guys tonight . Reminds me to be grateful for what sobriety brings me -- fun and intelligent new friends , deeper connections with long term friends , and reconnection with people from my past that have opened my eyes to new ideas and experiences . 
Ugh , insomnia again . This time , the creative juices are flowing and I think a short story may be coming ... 
Finally , after 4 days the crazy train has finally left the station . Amazing what just being open and honest about how you are feeling can do . 
I hate movies that try to be soooo complex , but just end up being stoopid . ' The Machinest ' - Epic Fail !!!!!! 
Looking back over the last month , I have to say there have been more good days than bad . 
Couldn't ask for a better Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Quiet time with an amazing man sharing my favorite movie ' Love Actually ' . Guess underneath the hard shell , I am just a big softie . 
The novelty of shoveling snow is quickly wearing off ... 
All aboard ! Chugga chugga choo choo ... Insomnia sucks ! 
I am such a sap , I just got done watching ' The Tooth < PROPFEMALE>' with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and actually teared up a little bit ... What is happening to me ? Hehe 
I am so far behind the times ... Everyone around me know all about the housewives and i know nothing ... God I miss ' Rock of Love ' 
Need to try and get back on regular sleep schedule , but had a blast with the roommates this weekend . 
Amazing what happens when I am just honest about what I am feeling and what I need in life . 
Overheard in lyndale house :\ 
1 ) . Oh my god it's stuck in my nostrils\ 
2 ) . I didn't know what was happening 
Weird JuJu in the air tonight . Grateful that each day is only 24 hours and that a new one starts in 1/2 an hour . 
I don't know why , but I am suddenly reminded of my hatred for birds ... 
Awesome meeting tonight and great time with some new friends after . 
Ugh ... fortunately disappointment only lasts so long . Tomorrow is a new day 
F*ck me , I'm a pretty < PROPFEMALE > ... Just something that popped into my brain . Hehe 
Finally , only took 2 hours but the desk is finished ... I am gettin too old for Ikea . 
Ick ... feeling drained , scratchy throat ... I hope I am not getting sick . 
Ohhh the inanity ! 
It's official ... sore throat and swollen glands . I need a nice beefy cub nurse to take care of me ... Hehe 
I miss the days when they called it a \Little Rascal\ " and not a scooter ... Time to put in that call to Medicare to see if I qualify ... " 
I am wondering if my 5 month sabbatical is messing with my mind ... I needed the time , but now I think I may be pre-mid life crisis ... What do I want to be when I grow up ? 
In my best southern drawl \why does the heart want what it can't have ... \"" 
My life is so frackin exciting -- matching up socks and organizing my closet !!! Hell yeah ! I swear , if I find a man that organizes his shirts like I have mine I will be in heaven . Long live OCD ! 
F*ck I want to force a situation to occur , but it would be wrong on so many levels . At some point I will look at it as a learning experience , but for now I am just gonna have to work on letting it go . 
It's been an emotionally draining day , but I wouldn't change it for anything . Got some good advice from someone I trust ... For those in the know , it was related to Rule 62 and to just enjoy what I have . 
Gettin my hair re-did . Normally she does a good job , but this time didn't take enough off . Wings only look good on birds and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcet 
Oh mein gott ins himmel , I am sore 
Ahhhh , reminiscing about high school calculus teacher that ate chalk when irritated ... Good Times . 
Watching one of the best movies ever ' Dune ' 
If I could only be humble , I'd be perfect ... Guess I have some more step work to do ;-) 
You know the house you live in is gay when you just randomly get glitter on yourself for no apparent reason ... 
I don't know why I like listening to melancholy music when I am in a good mood , but ' No Surprises ' by Radiohead is the song de jeur for me 
Hilfe , ich habe gefallen und ich kann nicht aufstehen 
The world is a brighter place when I shine the light on others , rather than hogging it all for myself 
I just seem to be saying the wrong thing today :( 
First volleyball match was awesome 
Can't pass up an opportunity to peruse the apple store ... 
Getting ready to go into my interview ... Don't know if I am ready to go back to work , but we will see ... 
Interverview is done . It was weird . They spent more time showing me what they had done ... it would definitely be a no-brainer job to get back into the swing of things 
Look at me I'm < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , lousy with virginity ... Sometimes I really do like the new \ 
me ... Hehe 
So HealthPartners decided to take a pass on me because I didn't feel like divulging in a panel interview that I have been on disability . Oh well , thankfully I have 2 more interviews set up for the coming week . 
Forgot how much he loved < PROPMALE > Wainwright 
First interview done with United HealthGroup --- went AMAZING !!! More to come ... 
Damn you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Horner -- If your heart is still going on in my head tomorrow I will go crazy(er ) 
Woot Woot - United called today and wanted a second interview ASAP ... I'll be steppin out in my best frock on Tuesday for the interview ... I wonder if gold sequined epaulettes would be too dressy ? 
Well , finished another interview with united ... they want me to do a second on-site for that position as well ... Hopefully I will be fortunate enough to have a choice between the 2 ... 
and then there are days when I do realize that I do deserve good things to happen ... 
SHAZAM ! 
Like Jesus , I can walk on water too ... Had the opportunity to walk on one of the frozen lakes here . Scary , but figured if cars were driving on it , I would survive . 
I think I may just have to vote republican for a couple of years ... Global climate change is fantastic for Minnesota ! Of course everything else will go to hell , but hey , at least I will be able to wear shorts in February ! 
Went to < PROPFEMALE > with a pretty rad dude ... Awesome time and amazing performance 
Just about ready to go in for my first on-site interview with united health group ... Lookin good in my suit and my lucky scrunchy 
Interview went really well and I like the vibe of UHG . It will hinge on whether they are more focussed on a technical/IT person or a business analyst ... 
Had a blast last night playing volleyball with some new peeps ! Thank you for your < PROPFEMALE > in teaching me the rotation -- I think it is gonna take a few more times to get use to it . 
It is hard to believe this phase of my journey in Minneapolis is over in a couple of hours . I am actually at peace with it and looking forward to the next phase ( and if the weather could be a little warmer that would be great too ) 
Final interview with HCMC . Wish me luck . 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > and perseverance paid off ... was verbally offered the job I wanted at United Health group . Will have the written offer in 2 days . 
Insomnia bites the big one ! Wish I could get back to my rainbows , unicorns and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... 
Learning < PROPFEMALE > today . United can't do the job offer until all of my references get back to them . SERENITY NOW , SERENITY NOW . 
Woo hoo ! 6 months sober today !!! Thank you to everyone who has been , and continues to be my support . This is definitely something I could not have done alone . 
Job offer accepted !!!! Back to work on 3/28 
A day of 4th stepping ... 
Awesome VBall this morning -- Thanks guys and gal ! 
Ghost cat strikes again . Meow 
I want to mug my therapist for her pants-they are smokin hot ! Shit , now we're gonna have to talk about my \anger\ " issues ... :-) " 
Playing volleyball with only a couple of < PROPFEMALE > pockets for sustenance during the day ... epic fail . 
I'm about to fall off the wagon ... It has been 3 long months since I have had biscuits and gravy ... I think today is the day . 
Snoopy snoopy poop dog 
I was thinking about getting contacts to use for volleyball , but saw a rad pair of glasses that I am just itching to buy ... decisions decisions ... I think boys do make passes at boys that wear glasses 
Damn I miss < PROPMALE > Taco ! 
I'm sorry , things I find disturbing for guys over the age of 35 ( this includes me)\ 
1 ) . Puca shell necklaces\ 
2 ) . Referring to oneself as boy/boi ( that ship sailed over 10 years ago)\ 
3 ) . Wearing makeup ( unless you are a fabulous drag < PROPFEMALE > or transitioning to be a beautiful woman)\ 
I know there are more , but I was reminded of these very recently . 
Must ... not ... buy ... iPad2 . I think Apple may just be part of the Borg collective . God I'm a nerd 
So , I guess it's now ok to kill adorable mentally challenged children in movies ... Epic Fail 
Nightmares of a ghost cat scratching in a phantom litter box ... 
Trying to decide if the < PROPFIRST > Crowe movie ' The Next 3 Days ' was :\ 
A ) Craptastic \ 
B ) Shiteous\ 
C ) Craptacular 
Everything's always < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I have no problem with restraint of pen and tongue , it's sandwiches you need to watch out for ! 
Finally getting around to watching ' < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ' movie ... 
Loves games with cute cannibalistic creatures ... just downloaded and am playing Cannibal Bunnies . 
Tine to drag my ass out of bed and enjoy the day 
Just thinking about how grateful he has been for these past several months of Lyndale House and looking forward to his next adventures with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Woo hoo , knee high socks came in today-FIERCE ! 
hot gay nerd [ haat gae nerd ] abbreviation ( HGN ) n . Elusive , yet attractive male homo sapien . In nature , they congregate at , and are generally employed by Apple Stores or some other technical occupation . Physically , they resemble slackers of the 1990's but with a little more polish . A subspecies ( the hot gay nerd-cub ) can be identified by the facial fur and additional weight carried in the torso . 
Apple store at Southdale --- upgraded to HGNs ... RAWR 
Forgot that I was not in my car ... Was heard/seen belting out ' Sin Sin Sin ' by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at full volume on 25th street ... I wonder if I was pitchy ? 
Looked at our first potential apartment yesterday ... Let's just say it reminded me of a Doobie Brother's concert on the campus of Evergreen State College ... the search continues ... 
Woo hoo - I guess embezzlement doesn't show up on background checks !!! Hehe . I'll be a working girl on 4/4 . ' Let , the river run . Let all the dreamers wake the nation ... ' 
Just ordered smokin hot pair of glasses . I love being a nerd ! 
Every now and then , < PROPFEMALE > Sheppard makes a point ... 
Roommate is making me watch ' Cyborg ' . Isn't this one of the gates of hell ... 
For months , I haven't remembered my dreams ... then last night I dreamt about hair products .... mmmm , molding < PROPMALE > . 
Thank you Pandora for introducing me to TZU 
Amazing what happens when I am honest with the people around me . Don't necessarily get the response I want ( ok , demand ) , but I get relief and can move on . 
What the hell is this craptastic movie they are advertising with < PROPMALE > Jackman ? Just looks like Rock-em-Sock-em Robots ... Is he that hard up for money ? 
Forgot how much fun kickin it old school could be 
Volleyball tourney today . Woo hoo- go OutBalls ! 
So proud of our OUTBalls team-2nd place today !!! Thank you to the team and everyone who came to support us today ! 
Shower , icy/hot , and ibuprophen - just what the doctor ordered ... Who knew you could bruise the palm of your hand ... 
Dear baby Jesus , please don't let me be sore tomorrow 
So , favorite quote of the day \he's legal now\ " uttered by an anonymous roommate " 
WTF-$104 for dry cleaning ! Any good cheap places to go in Minneapolis ? 
So , looks like we will be waiting until June to move . All good things come to those that wait . 
Is waiting for a response to a friend request on Facebook this generation's waiting by the phone for that special boy to call you back ... 
Oh < PROPMALE > quadriceps , I haven't seen you since Ace of Base had a number one hit with \The Sign \"" 
Who want's to play sexy nurse ? This boy is pushin fluids and theraflu today whilst watching a ' Damages ' marathon in bed . Dang I hate feeling sick . 
Dang I need a good massage . 
Oh baby , i fondled it's silky smoothness today , caressed it's hard milky whiteness . My eyes rolled back in my head and I experienced pure ecstasy ... 
Pretty awesome day all around ... Got to see friends , enjoy a movie , and have engaging conversation over some scrumptious Indian food . A perfect last day of my 7 month sabbatical . 
Thank you to all my well wishers for my first day of work . On my way in ... 
First day of work in the bag . I am lovin it ! 
Went to listen to < PROPFEMALE > Vowell talk about her book ' Unfamiliar Fishes ' ... I just love listening to people who are intelligent and have conviction in their ideas . If you haven't heard of her book , check it out-it's a more balanced look at what really went down during the annexation of Hawaii . 
