Good Morning . 

Going to the movies to see Night at the Muesem Battle of the Smithsonions . 
Is messimg around with a measureing tape 
Is very bored 
is very excited 
I'm whatching Phantom of The Opera for the fifth time in three days . 
Happy 4th of July 
Just got back from Lauras church . 
I'm sick and i don't like it 
i'm bored out of my mind 
is very upset 
Milk Duds are awsome 
my fingers hurt imensely 
just got back from fishin 
i'm bored already and the weekend just started 
Just finnished mowing 
had to take NightQuill and it tasted horriable 
is practacing sounding like Darth Vader on my breathing machine 
is sick and has a fever 
droped a tray of glass jars at my grandmas house and the pickles jar broke and glass was every where 
spent 4 hours at the parma woods shooting range today it was awsome !! 
Parade tonight !!!!! 
got called sir in Jr. Gaurd 
both parents are sick 
Just got home from grandmas party realy tired and took care of a bunch of kids for like 9 hours i'm going to bed if i don't drop dead before i get there 
Me and daddy experimented with FIRE for my science poject . ^_^ SO MUCH FUN !!!!! I love fire . 
havein an asthma attack can't breath need to calm down 
Just remember he's a good time , cowboy casanova Leaning up against the record machine He looks like a cool drink of water But he's candy-coated misery He's a devil in disguise , a snake with blue eyes And he only comes out at night Gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight You better run for your life 
confused police legands and mcdonalds had a great time 
so bored 
Thanks you to all those who have served in the past and to those who serve now 
finished makeing my clock today it's cool 
is just a little bit insane tonight o_O 
... --- ... shiny object sindrome 
got accepted in to district honor band so excited 
I will be completely honest for 24 hours ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my inbox ) . ANy question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my full honesty , but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ! 
just whatched Bed knobs and Broomsticks . I love old disney movies !!! 
hates it when songs that we've learned in band come over the radio and i find my fingers moveing to the fingerings 
And I said daddy i'm so afraid . How can i go on with you gone that way ? Don't wanna cry anymore so can i stay with you ? And he said . Thats my job . Thats what I do . Everything I do is because of you to keep you safe with me . Thats my job you see . 
How much snow is there in Leavenworth ? Am I missing much ? 
Back home now on the way we stop at lambert and got rolls thrown at us it was fun and the food was awesome 
realy bored 
i don't feel so great not looking forward to the chaos of tomarrow 
went sledding at the realy steep hill in lansing across from associates and family health care and dislocated my middle finger and hurt my leg . owwww 
Macaroni and Cheese with hot dogs !!!!! yum 
realy bored and sick ugh 
I love it when people say thier special because then I can say < PROPMALE > . 
i realy hope i can go to school tomarrow 
can't go to school tomarrow feeling horid 
went to the doctor results were not so good 
i can't go to school at all the rest of this week 
i forgot for a little bit from bein sick and all but THAT IS AN AWESOME BOOK < PROPFIRST > , had to do it just for you < PROPFEMALE > 
Show the world that more of us support our troops then don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it for an hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
steives go to be gone i'm free YAYYYYYYY !!!!!! 
i love days like today they make me happy :) 
Theres a light at the end of the tunnle ... it's a train 
First game sucked so bad the best catch for < PROPMALE > was made by a band member . it was sad . 
really tired didn't sleep well last night and has been workin all day 
i feel really bad because i fell asleep a lot dering the serman and dad kept pokeing me and waking me up but i just fell back asleep 
ankles all swollen from where i accidentaly kicked the edge of the pool but had a great time anyway 
lost in thought the outside worlds become a hum for the last few days if someone would come find and bring me back that would be great 
I was writeing my speech and somehow ended up on facebook 
bored so very bored 
please help me i've lost my marbles and i can't find them 
i love pink lemonade it's awesome 
today was awesome i spent most the day outside playing i love spring weather 
i am very very angery and sick and tired of ppl makeing incompitant comebacks and smart alic remarks . if your doing something whether you want to or not you should do the best you can not sloutch off and make other ppls lifes misserable . 
makein fun of my new puppy because he's sniffing at everything 
regatta tomarrow pretty sure our boats going to sink before it starts 
ahhhh time is passing so slowly 
< PROPFEMALE > hives are awesome . them flyin around your heads kinda wierd though . 
rooms finaly almost done just got some touch up painting and some trim to put up and my room can go back to normal 
soaked really wet outside . went and checked the roads most had standing water . :( 
My dog Baby chased a dear out of our yard . Glad the dear didn't attack her . It was pretty funny though especially since Baby was smaller then it's head . 
played in the water today when it flooded . my bro , cusins and me splashed and skimmed through the water like penguins . we ran and tryed to push each other over . i fell over a couple times . one of those times everyone sat on me so i couldn't get up . it was still fun though :) 
i got my dune buggie it doesn't work yet but it's green and sparkley !!!!!! 
Raider night was awesome had a lot of fun can't wait for repeal night !!!!! go JROTC !!! 
Don't txt me my phone is MIA 
Txt away my phone is back ! 
too much homework my brains overloaded 
fixed the computer today for the first time !! I still don't know how to do anything on it but it was still fun . Like a big puzzle you stick random cords in the outlet things intell the little green light turns on . 
i get to go to school tomarow whoopty doo 
sorry to everyone who got a truth game thingy post i have no idea whats going on 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!! 
just keep swimming just keep swi ... SHINY !!! 
had a really fun time at rifle practice today :) Dulchinos and and me got to shoot against our dads who used to shoot together in high school and we didn't do too bad . Not so excited for my surgery tomarrow . 
At the hospital my surgery ended around one but i woke up for the second time about 30 minutes ago . I'm in a lot of pain . 
I'm home from the hospital 
Anybody know if ROTC is flooded ? 
I really love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > she is an awesome friend ! 
best day ever . i spent the whole day reading two very awesome books while my most of my family hybernated all except dad who has to drive a snow plow . 
