has given up , life was looking up now it beat me down , i shall never look again 

feels like lighting someone on fire and watching them burn 
Everything burns , think not that your special for you will soon burn to . 
im going to be gon for a week , so you can all breath easy and rest well lol behemoth your coming with me 
the fires of kindred souls melts the ice of today and make a beautiful light 
hahaha quake in fear for i have returned and im fully ready to burn you all down , behemoth we are one once again hahaha 
behemoth , says im in a bad place in a bad way , please stay away its for your own safety 
welcome to my fun land my world of dark decay 
off to see the family , fly dragon fly , have a good one everyone 
Heading home today , hope be there soon ! 
The world dies and decays as it falls away from my eyes , there is nothing left for me here again . 
I need a fix cause im going down , Happiness is a warm gun . 
reality is born through the eyes of your mind 
\If I was a fly And I had a day left ‘til I die I would lay down ‘til tomorrow \"" 
As we venture forth into this unknown plain of reality i just have one thing to say \its business its business time o yeah\ " lol " 
woo im still alive , not passed out , not dead thank god 
is not looking forward to a long evening of work . X_X 
there ain't no rest for the wicked , Money don't grow on trees . I got bills to pay , I got mouths to feed , There ain't nothing in this world for free . I know I can't slow down , I can't hold back , Though you know , I wish I could . No there ain't no rest for the wicked , Until we close our eyes for good 
light snow , thick fog , and good music , suck a nice walk 
I am the monster in my head , Behemoth why cant you leave me to myself for a few more day ? I am the monster in my head , i am the monster !!! 
Late nights and early morinings , its hard to tell when one ends and the other begins . 
is sad he missed the metal show but atleast he feeling better now 
yay finaly off work < high hoe stiver away take me home lol 
X_x ever felt like youve been hit my a cement truck and feel like an ass at the same time ? Yeah not fun !! 
wonders if the search for truth is worth the pain of knowing ? 
Gloom and doom !!!! 
The world spins round , i spiral down , i wonder which if these holds will stay true ? 
Going to stilly for the weeking ? 
Darkness sets in over my eyes and mind , all light has gone , even the < PROPFEMALE > has faded away , why do things always turn out this way ? 
why when i need sleep more than ever can i not get there ? aaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
To much party not enough me time , what to do with myself , o wait i know ... * kills over * lol 
Had a awesome Bday last week , and got almost everything from my parents for my new house !! ^_^ 
Have you ever had one of those days that goes by at the speed of a snail and you fell like youve been hit by a truck ? Yeah its not fun !! 
Lost a great friend last night , so sad even the world cryed !! 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/xaroth 
You just wish you were a Titan like me , but your not so move out of the way or prepare to eat dirt !!!!! 
Just got back from the craziest party every and about to take the longest trip ever 
Freaking road trips 
Loves his friends 
* luffs you* ? 
Luff luff luf everywhere ?, what to do what to do !!!!!!!!!!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ7dPCH_gW0 
time to take a quick nap , text if you want to chat , and you know who you are lol 
Just woke up a while ago man that was a party !!! 
Work work work oye sometimes i wonder !!! 
Work work work work , o the humanity ! 
Work i beseech you to end !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another night of work fun fun .... wheres that shotgun i got an itch in the back of my head only it can scratch !!!! 
Work why must you take forever !!!!!!! 
The dreadful darkness , decay of time descends upon a master , time it is unforgiving and ever so harsh the ! 
Work why must you take so long !!!!!!!!!!! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, i will bring untold pain and suffering aopn you if you piss me off one more time you bitch !!!!!!!! 
Ah life how your curse me , one day ill go !!! 
what's your anime story ? - My Result : bokura ga ita .. http://apps.facebook.com/what-s-your-cegcjjb/take?tv2=mK3QbmcYEuaZwTWHLj7cmzaFmUC6ahW9a6LW&link=status_message&resaban=1 
love this song < interesting video is a plus ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0slhWiBVr4 
oye .... face palm .... 
AHAHAHAHAHAHAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Stupid people piss me off . 
>.> one of these days . 
sneaky sneaky 
Its odd how boring it gets sometimes ... 
Im taking them down I swear !!!!! 
AH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate head colds !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Your so cold but you feel alive , lay your hands on me one more time . 
Life is a funny thing and the word is an odd place . 
One of those long evenings ... damn . 
Back again ..... X_x 
thank goodness off work early !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im not read for this long week . 
Feels misunderstood , :( 
What an odd thing this place , this world , this life ! So many unexpected thing happen how do we get by ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZXmnarmzuc 
Oh beautiful smart funny women , you are right in front of my eyes , but just out of my reach ! What i wouldn't do to have a < PROPMALE > to get to know you , laugh with you , maybe someday even hold and love you , but alas i probably never will T_T . 
X_x ............ 
Spiraling endlessly back into the dark , what a familiar place , brings back memories . I thought i transcended this place already ! \take another look things have change since last time you came through . \"" 
Ah !!!!!!!!!! you idiot , wtf man how can you do this crap , its time to man up . After all who the hell do you think we are !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
One of those days ! 
Odd , quite odd indeed . 
Late nights are always interesting around here . 
Facebook why wont you work today ! 
Finals finals finals , thats all I hear . This craps easy people stop stressing and just do it shesh !!! 
Nerd for the win !!! 
Facebook ! why do you hate me !!!! 
Im done !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bleach Movie 4 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh the winter season what a time ! 
Heading home for Xmas today wont be back online for a long time , hope everyone has a great xmas and new years ! 
So everyone knows my phones being a piece , sorry . 
Same ole same ole aye ... You know it man , but well liven it up soon ... will we now ... dont listen to him hes just being strange .... arnt we all being strange then .. I think so !!!! 
Just when you think you are done it comes back and kicks you in the back of the head ! 
I finaly go my glasses , thank goodness . Im not blind anymore !!!!! 
You know you laughed ! 
First horsemen , Conquest or Pestilence , which do you think is more fitting ? 
Wow its like a barren waist-land in the library , man im glad i work here ! 
Oh 1:23 in the morning why must you keep me from my sleep ? 
Target Acquired , mess with my job security motherF@%*er and im taking you down . 
Japan i love you !!!!!!!!!! 
I am going to take some of these \inanimate objects\ " light them on fire and hurl them into the sun ! " 
Its been one of those days ... 
All my friends are murder\ 
All my bones no marrows in\ 
All these fiends want teenage meat\ 
All my friends are murderers 
Like angels under a sea of black umbrellas . 
Ladies and gentlemen , the party is over . Have a nice apocalypse . 
Wow I just realized everyday something or someone blows my mind ... 
Laptop is dead . 
