playing xbox360 is whats on my mind 

playing games what else 
getting ready to open presents < PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody 
i got a xbox 360 controller and a message < PROPFEMALE > and guild wars trilogy so some other cool gifts hope everyone haves a good christmas and happy new year 
playing Kingdom of Camelot waiting for buildings to get done 
been sick for the past week and havent had much time to get on so if wnyone send me a gift ill send one back when i can 
just got internet back its been out since yesterday 
getting ready to play MW2 on the xbox 360 
is woundering what he is doing up so late 
you know it's okay to talk to yourself and answer , as long as you don't answer back saying \huh what did you say ? \"" 
I'm pretty bored today its only 3 am and i dont feel like doing anything i think today is going to be a bad day for me 
Today feels like its going to be a good day havent had a wink of sleep but hey i am still up and i ran today so i feel pretty good right now 
I watched The Book of < PROPMALE > yeasterday its a really good movie 
im thinking ....... im thinking ...... 
7000 X 4666 - 5000 + 59 x 3 = 97971177 
Pandora is awesome ! 
Music is awesome ! 
I amd sooooo bored thats why im writing random this 
yup im still bored 
tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock 
Just got done watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland its a pretty good movie 
Just got done watching Pan's Labyrinth it was great too bad it was only in subtitles\ 
also watched Evolution 
How much wood could a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood 
This is not funny my brother's facebook got disabled but it wont tell me the reason for tham to disable it and i know he dident do anything to for tham to do that 
listening to music waiting for WoW to repair its self 
THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . THE CAKE IS A LIE . 
just got power back on it was storming bad last night and the power went out at 2:30 AM and didnt come back on till 6 AM 
to all my friends that play FarmVille please send me stuff for the < PROPFEMALE > hive if you want me to send you something else besides the < PROPFEMALE > stuff than add it to your messages with the gift please and thank you 
tooo tired to stay awake any longer im going to bed see y'all tomorrow 
just got done watching Night Watch and it is the best movie I have ever watched !!!! 
For the first time in an year I am happy . I am even sleeping better at night 
<--- Look ! there is my name right there !! \ 
<--- and my face too !! 
well im off for the night 
Yeaaaaaaaayyy i got my time card for World of Warcraft yyyyyaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy 
Watching Lie To Me on Hulu . Hulu rocks !!! 
Something seems off today . I don't know why but it feels different today . 
Aint feeling too good today i think im goinng to go to sleep for a while 
Got up at 3am yesterday and play World of Warcraft until 6pm went to sleep got up at 1:50 am and started playing again at 3 am i am now taking a break to eat and than im planing on playing again . 
World of Warcraft is way too addicting but its so fun to play if anyone is thinking about playing it let me send ya a Recruitment thing to ya so we can quest together alot more fun that way 
is Thinking that CoD : Black Ops is going to be better than MW2 from what it looks like . 
its pretty bad that friends i met online like me more than the ones i met in person you know they do because only two people have ever commented and/or posted something on my wall not to do with a game and they are the ones I've never met in person 
Bored of questing on WoW so im going to watch videos on hulu see ya ! 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Bored 
jeez it was a long day today me and my family went to the zoo and had to wait 2 hours just to get to the parking lot but it was a pretty good day over all 
I way too tired to stay on here much longer so see ya hope y'all had a good day 
Very Bored 
IM not bored im < PROPFIRST > lol 
what ? who ? where ? when ? really ? koool 
been on wow for like 8 or more hours just moving my frames around to where i want em i got this nice addon ill have to upload a pic of it when im done 
Been sick and having a tooth hurt every now and than for three days now 
I'm thinking ... I'm thinking ... dang i forgot what i was thinking about 
World of warcraft comes out 12/07/2010 i cant wait !!!!!! 
finally got my xbox 360 fixed about a week or so ago thought i would say something about it 
Muhahahaha 
Hulu here i come time for mes to watchss some vidsss 
so bored would watch vids on hulu but cant decide what to watch 
well im outa here for a day or two think im going to play some video games on 360 solo for a while unless anyone wants to play MW2 or maybe Halo Reach see ya laters 
got my xp desktop back up and running now i might be able to work on my lil game i been wanting to make as long as the stupid thing dont shut it self off like its been doing 
Played MW2 with Weslee a few hours ago he starting arguing with some kid on barebones ffa it was funny the whole room got mad at him and he made two of em leave it was funny as can be 
Call of Duty Black Ops cant wait going to be the best cod Trayarch made !!! 
Boring everything is so boring anymore I only have fun when I’m playing a video game with my friends 
Thy might be wondering why ya ain't not been given any gifts from good ol ' < PROPFIRST > that might be cause I've stopped playing the games on here sorry been playing my xobx360 so yea see ya later 
I dont have any friends cuz no body sends me request and i dont like sending them myself 
Searching for scripts for my game is annoying found 3 of the same one on the same site by different people but cant find the one i want for my game 
Getting a time card for World of Warcraft Friday cant wait to get back in Azeroth 
Starting to get bored of watching shows on Hulu and playing xbox360 or building my game think i might go to the flea-market this weekend don't cant decide i need to do something though everything is getting boring 
going to the flea market probly going to be boring owell need to get out for a few hours somehow 
Forgot to remember time card for WoW guess ill try to have it next weekend hopefully 
Wow Hulu keeps having a error and wont load my show nor nothing 
Call of duty Black Ops is the best CoD there is i don't care who says otherwise only one that would be better is probably the next one that comes out but i don't know because i cant see the future 
Everything is slowing down and getting boring again most be close to winter 
Just watched Toy Story 3 it was really good didnt thin it would be that great but i liked it alot 
Been playing black ops a really great game cant wait for the new WoW expansion pack to come out 
Some one told me to get a life cuz i play video games too much and i told him this is my life i know not a good story but ive never been good at telling storys any how 
cant seem to stay online keeps throwing em offline 
Just got on world of warcraft to find my account seems to have been hacked one of my toons i found on a realm called dragonmaw and both of my 80s had all their gear missing when i went to log on i havent a clue howit happen but this might be a pain getting my stuff back 
SO annoyed that some loser that sits at his computer all day hacked my WoW account and fooling with all this stupid stuff to get it back and try to protect my computer is cuaseing my head to hurt i think im going to watch Lie to Me and go to sleep 
To all friends make sure to scan your computer i found four trojan horses yeasterday and my brother foound 2 on his and another friend found one that came from farmville 
If you think i care what people think about me your dead wrong i couldnt careless what people think about me i do it my way ya dont like it than stay away from me i have my own thoughts and i dont care what anyone else thinks i am sorry if one of my friends find this upsetting but i rarely care what ya think about me thats how i am sometimes and right now thats how it is 
just so ya know i havent played any games on here in months so hope ya ain't waiting for me to send something back i just don't get in to theses games anymore 
