Happy New Year , everyone ! I'm sorry for this being late- my phone died while I was texting wishes ! 

finds it odd how her FB feed has everything from music videos , to Palin hating Letterman , to Iranian riots . 
just got back from walking Indy at a park . She is currently not speaking to Indy . 
just saw pictures of her finished wreathe . It's so pretty AND ships out tomorrow ! 
is confused and not sure what she should be doi ... scratch that , she is not sure how to BEGIN what she should be doing . 
Has a lot to today . And the big question is- will she fall asleep ? Lots of stuff to do + coffee = hopefully not . 
can't find the stamps . I CAN'T FIND THE STAMPS ! 
just found her amazing cousin-something-removed on Myspace after 8 years of no communication . Yay ... but she's taller than me now . Boo ! 
was completely unable to sleep the night through and has been tossing in bed since around 3am . Now it's officially morning and thus allowable to get up and do stuffs . 
thinks it ironic that she's more productive when sleep deprived more than any other time . 
has a sinking feeling that today is not a good day . 
is excited to meet with a talented and creative area photographer later this afternoon ! 
had an awesome meet-up with a photographer , and got to play with his ocicat ! 
is gettin ' stuff done ! 
amends her last update- she is trying to get stuff done , but is limited by the fact THAT EVERYTHING SEEMS TO HAVE DISAPPEARED . A dog or kitten shall be hurt today if missing papers do not turn up without teeth , claw , or slobber marks . 
just realized that < PROPMALE > gets home in an hour and will be upset at her if she hasn't eaten lunch yet . Poop . 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to return the library and has a sinking feeling that , in 1:30 minutes , his work computer will lock her out . Darn it ! 
is sad for the day that two idols were lost . May < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > RIP . 
is itchy ! 
had an 8 hour photoshoot , but it was fun and her hair is now awesome curly . Unfortunately , < PROPMALE > just got a wisdom tooth pulled and is no mood to go out on the town . 
is getting a baby yellow < PROPFEMALE > ( hat ) knitted for her by her awesome husband ! 
is setting up an awesome photoshoot , and is still laughing that < PROPMALE > denies his \bohemian\ " image . :-D " 
has a testicle-less < PROPFEMALE > right now ... and a mother-in-law arriving this night ! 
thinks the wedding almost got out of control ... but thanks the powers of mumsys and instantaneous conversation , was quelled back into a manageable shindig . 
Happy Independence Day , my American friends ! 
has to have an entire household packed in boxes by Friday morning . 
is listening to Steely < PROPFIRST > , wrapping up furniture , and occasionally stopping to blow her nose since the dust being raised has played havoc on her allergies . 
spent the day NOT packing , and instead looking for her escaped and lost Loki-kitty- ie stressing , crying , wandering around calling his name , wandering around with food , printing out over 200 lost fliers ... only to find him stuck in a storm drain system 30 
Our journey was rife with upset kitties , bruises , and a broken car ignition thingy ... but after many hours , we are now in SATX , and ready to move into our new home this evening ! 
Screw North < PROPFEMALE > ! First day I'm back in SATX , I have an interview for a very nice job . Versus massive unemployment in < PROPMALE > ... 
Tomorrow brings a moving truck , 4 guys and 1 girl to help moving , a 2nd interview ( fingers crossed ! ) , and a housemate ! 
We're married !!!!! Thank you to all who joined us in our celebration ! 
is in Florida , on her honeymoon ! 
We now have internet at our home . No more driving to UTSA for ' net services ! 
Frustrated with AF civie jobs . Anyone know what the DR scales and qualifiers are ? Apparently they don't exist anyone outside of AF job applications , at least according to what I've found ( or not found ) . 
thinks Facebook is telepathic . Soon , esp . since it now owns FriendFeed , it will make us all cyber slaves ! 
has been revitalized for the job search . Baboons ? No problem ! 
is deeply bothered on many levels by libertarian philosophy and policy . She and < PROPMALE > need to finish school , get away from spoiled Americans who only believe in money , and begin to help the world by getting down and dirty . 
received some beautiful wedding pictures from < PROPMALE > , and is currently in the process of , well , processing them ! 
is in a very long line at UTSA for < PROPMALE>'s emergency book < PROPFEMALE > . Damn you , UTSA , for messing up his financial aid and making me get up early to keep the suffering husband company . 
had a brief bout with a stomach flu that killed her already wounded sleep schedule , so now she's trying a drastic reset . If I'm grumpy tomorrow , I'm sorry ! 
would be stoked if she could get a job doing research at UT Health Science Center San < PROPFIRST > . 
thinks it is entirely unfair that Bartholomew gets 4-day weekends this semester with his Tues-Weds-Thurs schedule ! 
Our kitten found Bartholomew's rabbit-hide/fur pouch . And promptly dragged it to an unreachable corner , where he growled and hissed at it nonstop until he lost his breath and started panting . < PROPFEMALE > is now sleeping in the open- the pouch is lost to the feline abyss . 
is unused to the quiet of the house- the boys are at school . 2 men + 1 house = not much quiet time ! 
The interview went great , and I start working at Good Samaritan Community Services on September 1st ! Many thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for letting me know about the position ! <3 
Yesterday : Got snazzy business clothes and had yummy spinach pizza . Today : Took < PROPMALE > to the airport , < PROPFIRST > to school , and am keeping 5 cats from killing each other ( there's a lot of growling and hissing ) . Still need to do bank , pick < PROPFIRST > up , and work out . Tomorrow : Work ! 
has clean clothes , 5 semi-calm cats , a canine arm rest , updated insurance , and will soon have food and sleep . Yay ! 
is tired after her first day of work , but feels truly useful . It's amazing to work with the kids , and to be with fellow people who value < PROPMALE > and change over passing judgment . She's also going to drive over 200 < PROPMALE > on Friday .. 
just watched the first part of Wide < PROPFEMALE>'s \Time for School 3 . \ " It was an amazing programme that really reaffirmed my < PROPFEMALE > to devote my life to aid work . Expect a note about the importance of equal education soon :-D " 
is exhausted from a long , very busy , day . And no paid overtime ( sniff ) . Got a ton done , but more is needed- and tomorrow , I drive out to Poteet and Lytle ! 
is eagerly awaiting for her illustrious husband to return from his quest for donuts and kolaches . 
is going to continue enjoying her day off by hitting Pint Night at the Flying Saucer ! 
Spent last night at a SA Magazine issue release party , rubbed elbows with the Mayor and his identical twin , and met a cool new person who also works at UTHSCSA . Good times ! 
So ... there's a position open for an entry-level academic adviser at UTSA . I'm barely qualified . I'd better have a darn good cover letter :-D 
I worked on a database for ~ 15-18hrs at work ... only to find out it was pretty much un-needed this afternoon . I'm sure there's amusing irony somewhere , but right now I'm just frustrated . Glad I have the day off tomorrow ! 
Frustrated with work and our complex . We're very seriously considering breaking lease and going to the BBB and/or a lawyer . Which means a new home . Any suggestions on where to look ? We need a 2 bedroom , under $750/mo . 
Would like to go talk to the office , but they're closed for lunch at 11:30 till whenever . I really hope < PROPFEMALE > p gets in so we can hit happy hour somewhere- sounds reeeeallly good right now . 
From MyLifeIsAverage.com: Today we were learning about stomata in biology . Anyone who knows about stomata knows it's impossible to draw a diagram of one without it looking like female genitalia . Our teacher < PROPFIRST > a huge one on the whiteboard and then took a few steps back and said \Ew . Don't show that to your parents . \"" 
Cuddling with a new feline baby . We rescued her from Eisenhower Park- I'm going back for her Mum as soon as we have room to spare . Anyone want a sweet cuddle-bug or a sweet outdoor survivor cat ? 
just realized that she's doing a 200+ mile loop across South TX tomorrow . Time to pack the cds ! 
I learnt today that taking a wrong turn in rural South TX can make your journey ~ 50 < PROPMALE > longer . Oops . 
Little < PROPFEMALE > is now at her new home <3 She'll be missed , but she'll be very happy ! 
Beethoven's tonight- large group , good friends , fine < PROPMALE > beer , and accordian music . Anyone want to join the festivities ? We're meeting at the Hall around 9pm . 
walked the dog in the rain and cold , and now her feet are freezing . Poop . 
likes her new , much shorter , haircut much much better ! 
concedes defeat to Lukas ' ultimate Scrabble skillz ... with his 3 point win :-D 
is a little frustrated . Found a good job , but it requires eletronic form submission , and will not upload her resume . Go me . 
is thinking about going to a casting call for a short film . Why not add actress to my already very random resume ? 
is wondering if she needs to change the pets ' water bowl- it started pouring down rain and now Tamaa-kitty is licking the wet screen . 
is hoping that her revamped resume and 10 applications she just sent out will get a call back in the near future . 
Roomie is sicky . :-( 
Zomgzomgzomg ! The perfect job just re-opened ... and guess who they ASKED to reapply !? Zomg ! 
We have a new rescue < PROPFEMALE > that < PROPMALE > brought over . He's a starved 5-6 week old , with siamese points and some very faint tabby markings . Sweet as can be ! Glad he has a home- it's a really bad time for cats right now , esp . black or white ones . 
Ah , I knew something was missing from my life . I just didn't know it was < PROPFEMALE > diarrhea . How on earth does it get EVERYWHERE ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > has an appointment for 1430 today- boy , the little guy is just gonna love me after that :-P Right now he's being cuddly , sweet , and surprisingly non-poopy though . 
< PROPFEMALE > Update : He is severely anemic and dehydrated , but otherwise O.K. He was put on a drip to rehydrate , prescribed a high calorie paste ( yummy ! ) , and given dewormers . Everyone has faith that he'll be a normal , high energy kitten in no time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is at the Emergency Vet until 7 AM . He crashed last evening due to extremely low glucose levels and dehydration , coupled with stress from the vet appointment . As of 2 AM , he was improving . 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing better but still in recovery . He's depressed right now ( yes , kitties can get depressed ) , so we're taking him home tonight to try and perk him up , then he goes back tomorrow . I have to admit , I'm looking forward to cuddling with him again , even if they are poopy cuddles . 
< PROPFEMALE > has perked up a great deal , and I think the vet will be very pleased with his progress ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had his check up this morning after a night home . The vet was very happy with his progress , and he doesn't have to go back until Wednesday ! The kennel manager fell in love with him during his hospitalizaiton , and sent him home with FOUR stuffed animals to snuggle with . This little guy has everyone wrapped around his dew claw :-D 
The < PROPFEMALE > just shed a < PROPFEMALE > feather . I kd you not- it's even the color of his fur and the right length . Could this be the first signs of a changling ? 
is the newest employee at < PROPFEMALE > University ! 
Trying to motiviate myself to get outside and enjoy a lovely day ! 
Beethovens , friends , and a soft , thick sweater . Yay ! 
Am going to my first day of work , sick , with a recently broken fever , and after fainting last night . Here's to hoping I last the day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > turned off my touchpad . It took us 10 minutes to figure out how he did it and how to fix it . 
Put in 9hrs and did most of the week's work . Lowpoint ? Cleaning what seemd to be a microwave that seemed to be encased in ear wax , but was really a microwave covered in denatured poison . Highpoint ? Raiding the communal suppy room for desk stuffs ! 
Leftovers from being sick are still kicking my butt . I should not be this exhausted at 7 PM , especially since all I did after 2 was paperwork ! 
Alphabet soup for lunch- looked down and the 2 letters in my spoon were \O\ " and an upside-down \ " M . \ " Took a sip and promptly bit my tongue- go figure . " 
Will someone please find my husband and tell him to check/reply to his email ? PLEASE ? Or call < PROPFIRST > M . and tell HIM to tell my husband to check/reply to his email ? I don't have my phone today ! 
My amazing hubby checked out the last season of Dr. Who ? at the library . I love the daily reminders of why I married him :-D <3 
Just made my first scratch solution , including calculations , since chem II lab ... a 4M KCL and pH 4 buffer mix to store one of our electrodes in . I feel .... chemically saavy . 
Finished season 4 of Dr. Who ? Last episode = total bittersweet end . I need to get all my old Dr. Who ? serials off of VHS and onto DVD ... then I'll have all 10 Doctor's at my disposal ! 
Today I sliced a female lizard's frozen kidney into about 40 cross-sections , each 20 microns thick ( really small ) . Every day , I gain a skill that will one day make for a very interesting CV . 
Apparently word is getting around the department that I actually work , and my boss has had several people ask where she hired me :-P 
Work today is awesome . My lab now has a basic ( and very important ) first aid < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm going to be swapping out the first season of Torchwood for the first season of Dr. Who ? with a professor over the break . Woots ! 
You know you've found a good place to work when you can randomly quote < PROPMALE > Python and someone quotes back to you . 
I need a black tie affair to wear a designer dress to . Just sayin ' . 
Very frustrated with JSTOR . Trying to get a paper that was published in the Journal of Parasitology ... I seem to have access to EVERYTHING except this one article . GRR ! And this is for MY research ! 
I have a little fuzzy white < PROPFEMALE > again ! Well , for a couple of days . <3 
My lab is right across the hall from the conference room . The conference room has a never-ending pot of coffee . I forsee my becoming addicted to caffiene again in this coming winter ... * drinks her nice hot cup of < PROPFIRST > * 
Can you tell I work in a lab and am a dork ? Q : How many fruit flies does it take to screw in a light bulb ? A : None . Fruit flies don't screw in light bulbs they screw in fruit 
Went to a biology holiday party , had the holiday Shiner and pizza , and actually had time to have conversations with students and profs alike ! 
I love going to a store , finding amazing deals , and then having the cashier in disbelief when she finds out the prices . Got an excellent red dress for $13 , gladiator heels for $9 , and silver satin heels for $6 . All because I gotz the eyez for dealz ! 
Food poisoning from < PROPFEMALE > s . Fun night , fun bedridden day . At least < PROPFEMALE>'s said they'd pay for hospital bills if I need to go in ! 
Haha , corresponding with colleagues and getting work done ! I will not let my bedriddenness stop me from doing my job . ... And why does simply lying in bed hurt so much ? 
Felt lazy when I didn't to work today . Apparently it's good I didn't- I'm exhausted after making downstairs to spend all day curled up on the sofa ( versus staying in bed all day yesterday ) . Soooo much to catch up on ! 
Want to give a big shout and hugs ( and kisses ) to my husband for diligently taking care of me and keeping my Mum updated . <3 <3 <3 
Might have a < PROPMALE > at a last-minute grab at some research monies ... just a little bit ($ 20,000 ) . Unfortunately , it's hard to find the prices of microscope systems when they AREN'T LISTED . I need to justifiy the budget ! 
<3 reconnecting with people ! 
I think all people who are domestic abusers should be castrated ( male or female ) . Just an idea . Also , I think it should be a citizens thing ... you know , citizens arrest , citizens castration . 
Feel really dumb , but just solved a data-transfer problem with our microscope's computer . Now I just need to ask the academic < PROPFEMALE > for a USB hub and extender ! 
ZOMG ! My research project got full < PROPMALE > funding- $ 21,000 ! I'm so very very excited ! I also got lizard-cage components , a new digital camera for snapshots ( it's pink ) , and a sonic screwdriver ( early Christmas present from the most awesome husband < PROPFEMALE > ) !!!! 
I have a feeling that my quest to refurbish these lizard cages is going to result in a serious injury ( for myself ) . Sharp edges , razor-edged tools , scissors , and fine wire . I've already got a fairly icky bruise on one finger , and a bandaid on another . And yesterday , a piece of wire got stuck under my skin ( amused me , terrified the people I work with ) . Thank goodness we have a first aid < PROPFEMALE > handy ! 
I realized that I left my water bath on in the lab at midnight . Drove to campus , ran inside , turned it off- left and stopped to chat with two of the profs that had also returned to campus for late night work . Gotta love it ! 
Finally have time to do Christmas shopping- but I'm in fear that I'll forget something . Gah ! 
The holidays are coming together ... have a list of ingredients and recipes to cook ( yes , I'm actually stepping inside our kitchen ) , a reservation at Honeybaked Ham , and am doing some last minute shopping this afternoon . Also , we have rats and an extra kitten to share the spirit with ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , from ours to yours ! 
Best wishes to everyone on the last few hours of 2010 ... here's to 2011 ! 
I've decided that scientific meetings depress me . I've also decided that it doesn't help when they're held in areas which are 20 degrees . Poopies . 
I have $3500 to spend- I need a microscope , a camera for the mic , and a planar 100x objective of the highest quality . I don't have enough money for all three . And I don't have enough scope know-how to know if I can retrofit the old Zeiss downstairs . Halp !? 
Haha , I'm the first parasitologist < PROPFEMALE > University has ever had . The library must be wondering about my massive request for articles from journals like Parasitology , Research Parasitology , and the Helminthological Society . 
Baptized the lab- a 4 liter jug of 70% ethanol fell and shattered . Of things to break and spill , ethanol is the way to go . A piece of glass embedded itself in my wrist- and it was already disinfected ! Way to go ! ... Also , the Zeiss up for grabs is worth about $2100 . And awesome . 
Actually have a pretty deep cut where the glass embedded itself in my wrist yesterday . Oops . But now I've been invited to start making protocols/guidelines for future accidents . Woots ! 
2/2 , 1/1 , 2/2 , 3/3 . Formula for what ? I have at least one friend who should know !!! 
< PROPMALE > is playing Bayonetta . Pretty game , which is a little odd , since it's definitely a guy game . With butterflies . And Beauty points . ... I can't wait for ME2 !!!! 
I spent the day working finding identifying characteristics of various skulls . I learned that most of our ungulate skulls were NOT cleaned properly . In addition , but related , our mounted animal collection are infested with larvae ( dermestids , Mum ? ) . As are the majority of the ungulate skulls . Disgusting ! 
Our building’s heat isn’t working very well ( was mostly off yesterday , which meant we were all in 60 or below temperatures ) , and a lot of people are getting mad at each other . Our departmental secretary is waging a war with physical plant , and sent out an 8AM to us saying that physical plant was not “allowed” to raise the temp above 72 in winter . Now more people are angry . 
I’ve a pair of women’s work gloves . They’re tough leather , form-fitting , and have flower-grips on the fingers . I have successfully and noninjuriously cut sheet metal AND drilled in them . I also learned that the lovely people at their commercial project desk have some great ideas . Lastly , I've learned that I REALLY like power drills . <3 
Today's Groupon is for a 50% off massage , an hour long . I think that could be a $30 well spent ... 
I felt super macho today : drilled a circle through an inch thick wooden cabinet ( in an undershirt and with safety glasses ) , got our -80 freezer installed and working , and measured areas to set up the freezer in the microbiology lab . 
Taking a break from making lizard cages . I think I've finally figured out how to do it all though , which means , while it won't be a breeze , it won't be quite as stressful now ! 
I am at work at 8AM , after driving across town and circling back , avoiding angry drivers , and not getting washed away by the flash floods . Now I just have to hope that I don't need an ark to get back this afternoon ! 
Lazy Sunday .... and work tomorrow . Bah ! 
Woke up late after 4 hours of sleep , bundled a large-but-sweet pitbull into the back of our car , went to work , made media for hungry bactera , got a Jims thermos ( most awesome thermos EVER ) , and am now home for a nap before date night . ... By the way , if anyone wants a lovely , lonely , well-behaved dog , there's a beautiful half-pit girl looking for a good home . 
Time to go teach kiddos a thing or two about skulls ! 
I think I might like getting to work early ( ie , 8 am ) . I get great parking , I beat almost everyone else to work , and I get to leave while it's still light out . Oh , and the department's gratitude for making strong coffee ( I put an extra scoop in the mornings ) . Now if only I could do this WITHOUT waking up at 6am . 
I was ordered to come in late tomorrow ... hello sleeping late and an 11AM arrival time ! <3 
Our E . coli didn't grow in our DM media . This makes me very sad- poor little bacterial beasties . 
The lab is mine today . MINE ! Both of the head scientists are out of state . I feel the power of substitute PI ..... 
Feeling hopeful about our rescue puppy . Also getting on my boss's super good side , since I'm putting in extra work this weekend to make sure her lab is ready to go ... extra work because one of our E . coli strains got contaminated . 
First order : It's < PROPFEMALE > Whittle's birthday ! That's my Mumsy ! Go wish her happy birthday ! Second order : I am suddenly interested in the new \Conan the Barbarian . \ " They cast < PROPFIRST > Mamoa . Way to get my vote ! " 
I meant to leave work 1.5 hours early- so of course I stayed 2 hours late . It looks like I may have Friday off though :-D 
My 3-day weekend is devoted to one thing , and one thing only- Mass Effect 2 . My husband has lost me to a Turian ( careful < PROPFIRST > , you're the one who introduced us ) . 
After far too many hours spent living vicariously through a legally dead space < PROPFEMALE > , I am content to return to real life . After an extra Turian cuddle , of course . 
In Family Guy , there's a clip that shows < PROPFIRST>'s hamster , all buff from running on the wheel nonstop . Our rat , Tonic , is turning into the same- she just spent about an hour running on the wheel with only very very short breaks . 
Today I poured 15 petri plates , filled 43 tubes with 9.9 mL of physiological saline ( 0.85% ) , and filled 100 tubes with 6mL of minimal media . For the first time in a long time , I was not cold at any portion of today- something to do with working with the autoclave and Bunsen burners , I believe . I was also complimented on my boots by my fellow UTSA grad employee <3 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the first entry , no cheating and picking the one you like the most ! \Tara : Drop dead gorgeous . Used to describe the most amazing person you know . Legendary . \"" 
In trying to get in touch with someone from TAMUG , I'd found that another contraband kitten owner is now married , but have not found a single sign of < PROPMALE > . This is ridiculous- I know he existed , I have a picture ! 
Bubbly Bitch . It's my new favourite wine- a pseudo champagne , < PROPFEMALE > . How I love thee , HEB Central Market . And no , the boys ' aren't allowed to share- I got them their own 6 pack of < PROPFIRST > Adams . 
I think our mayor talks a damn good game- but I'm curious to see if he can follow through on his ideas . Hey , it was what was playing on TPR on the drive home ! 
Figure skating is so very pretty for a sport where you can slice off body parts accidentally . I'm trying to convince < PROPMALE > that he'd look good in one of their outfits ... 
It feels so indulgent to be in my PJs after noon . 
I'm writing a step-by-step tutorial for a Java program for our lab students . Talk about the blind leading the blind ... 
Looking forward to repping at the < PROPFEMALE > mater tomorrow . I'll be at UTSA with my boss midafternoon ' til whenever , since she's the guest at the sciences seminar @ 5:30 . 
0.0025% [ Glucose ] versus 0.025% [ Glucose ] really does make a difference . Oops . 
Bacteria are so cool . Bacteria are especially cool when you can see evolution in action in your lab . In a week , give or take a few days . Oh , REL 606 and REL 607 , how love your E . coli goodness ! 
Have mercy on my soul ... I think I think I've settled into a sleep schedule . I was wide awake at 8AM this morning and wondering why my alarm wasn't going off O_O 
ROFL @ the Friend Q&A application . I'm highly amused by the answers people have apparently given about me . Thank you , anonymous answers , for thinking I'm cute ... but there's some disagreement about whether I could shoot someone or am a good kisser ( sorry ? ) . There's complete agreement that people want to see me dance like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > though ! 
An ice cream truck just drove by playing a song from the Sound of Music , which was then followed by Silent Night . I am amused . 
I was looking at our infested mounts with a colleague , and we both inhaled too much naphthalene . I was dizzy , and my throat still hurts :-( 
Been up since 530 . So far I've sat at the vet's with a cat , taken < PROPMALE > to school , done work , and had coffee with my ( almost ) soldiering husband . I still need to do more work , fill out my new planner , go to a discussion about Women in Science by Dr. Hrdy , and pick up/visit said cat . I feel productive ! 
I am no longer emotionally invested in the cryostat work ( slicing tissue ) . This makes it much more boring , but also less frustrating . 
Off to Luminaria and then the Candlelight ! <3 
It is poignantly clear that I am an adult ... I don't have a week off for spring break ! 
Enjoying a mostly day off to laze around on the back porch in the sun . <3 my laptop , as it allows me to do said lazing in the sun while being mildly productive . 
So , I have to work most of the day tomorrow . However , my boss is bringing in lunch because she's awesome like that . <3 
It's my Daddy's , < PROPFIRST > Whittle's , birthday today ! Everyone should go say \Happy Birthday ! \ " to him ! " 
Already done : Got to school around 7 to pour media , went to < PROPFIRST > to drop off DNA for sequencing , went to Palmetto St. Park for a site visit ( and caught an anole ) , returned to campus and helped make DNA extraction buffer for strawberries . Still to do : go to the Spurs vs Cavaliers game tonight ! 
Animals just happen to us ... a Corgi came running up to < PROPMALE > and Indy while they were on a walk this morning . Of course , he doesn't belong to anyone , and so he's on our back porch now . We're taking him to the vet tomorrow morning and then introducing him to the household- he's a friendly little guy ! 
Heheh ... < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model is trying to get me to come in for a private audition . They must really be hurting for models ! 
Almost time to freeze some bacteria ! And then ... back to slicing up lizard penises . 
Spurs game last night ( I could get used to Spurs Fridays ) with < PROPMALE > , and \How to Tame a Dragon\ " and ice cream tonight with < PROPMALE > . It's been a good weekend ! " 
Manic Monday : last minute hemipene measurements for a last minute abstract ( oh yea , we're dirty like that ) , cryostat doctor visit , treasure hunt for a suitable microscope objective , 20 tubes to inoculate with my E . coli , and a vet visit for our dog that doesn't like other dogs . Also learned I'll be getting my first published authorship ! 
Why yes , I CAN explain DNA extraction to third graders . And yes , I CAN write a protocol outlining DNA extraction from strawberries in a way that makes sense to third graders . Booya ! 
Eeeee ! I have a realtor ! Yay ! Gonna do this move RIGHT . 
Forced to take the day off ... slept in a lil , made the rounds at UTSA and saw < PROPFEMALE > de < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > T . < PROPFIRST > , hit Half Price Books and stocked up on trashy rom- I mean , classic literature , and had an afternoon visit to the Flying Saucer with < PROPFIRST > Marro for some queso and lager . Not a bad day so far ! 
Working on an affordable way to increase our Zeiss ' field of view ( preferably a way that does not cost close to $1000 ) , then working in general ... then , SPURS ! 1st level seats Baby ! <3 
Waiting on lunchies with < PROPMALE > Boggs . Because , sometimes , you just have to have spend your lunch hour with a friend to talk video games with . 
Migraine that's on/off today . Boss is out sick also . In other words ... the < PROPMALE > lab basically doesn't exist today . :-( 
Whoots ! By ordering directly from < PROPMALE > , I got my snake boots for $119 , instead of $140 from BassPro . I can't wait for them to arrive so I can break them in ! 
So I put all my academic interests in bulleted form to try and narrow down what I want to do for my doctorate . I ended up with 3 pages . This is going to be tougher than I thought . 
I am not getting any notification emails from FB . I thought my inbox was awfully lonely today ! 
I understand that you're selling $ 300,000 microscopy systems . And I know I'm just buying a $500 objective . But could you at least TRY to treat me like I'm worthwhile ? 
Hahaha ! I just had a recruiter in NC email me about a job . Suckas ! .... oh , wait , the pay is $18/hr ? ... 
Many thanks to Lukas Pankau for helping me with my research proposal AND giving me Sim Tower . Also many kisses to < PROPMALE > Whittle-Taylor for getting me a beautiful netsuke bead for our anniversary ( you're welcome on the watch ! ) . <3 <3 <3 
Will arrive at UTSA around 4:30 this afternoon/evening for Dr. Ayala's talk : < PROPMALE>'s Gift to Science and Religion . Anyone else going ? In nonscientific news , Groupon is offering 50% off maid service ... I'm very tempted ! 
Ayala lecture = <3 . Not only did I get my book signed , he wants a copy of anything published , got to catch up with several people , and had a lovely time talking with new people . Not so lovely ... getting off campus at 2130 and still having to go back into work to play catch up for leaving early ! 
@Bamberger Ranch until late Friday . < PROPMALE > and I get to be the adults on a field trip . 
Home from Bamberger Ranch ! It was a fun time- helped 7th graders with science , got cool points for catching ( rescuing ) a tarantula , and only got a few cactus spines in my fingers ! 
Thank you everyone for the many birthday wishes ! I wasn't expecting any , and then < PROPMALE > Whittle-Taylor and < PROPMALE > Kretchman tell me to check FB ... lo and behold . I will respond personally as soon as I have time to breathe- right now I'm pulling 12hr shifts to get stuff done before AZ vacay < PROPMALE > ! 
At the airport , relaxing . Looking forward to vacay after yesterday's 14hr shift ! 
Last game of bridge with my parents before < PROPMALE > and I go home . The only thing that would be more sad is if Daddy and I lose the rubber ! 
It's the lab's first week of field work . Outside , camping , catching lizards , doing variously fieldy things . And where am I ? Stuck at home with a cold/sometime-fever that won't go away . Hurrah . 
I'm a gamer fail . I don't see the point of long , drawn-out boss battles that require 0 strategy . I think they're stupid and annoying . 
I probably wouldn't be so tired after field work ( ie , catching lizards ) if I remembered to bring a pad for my sleeping bag , no ? Albeit , I'm tired enough at the end of the day to collapse on anything , but the sleep might be more restful if I didn't get a crick in my back from unfortunately placed roots ... 
Nothing like sitting in the field , basking in the smoke of a citronella candle , and surfing the web on my Droid :-) 
If I wanted to sit in the dark by candles , I'd have stayed in the field . Stupid storm . I hope our tents don't leak ! 
I have desert BDU pants ! Squee ! <3 
Super awesome day in the field today ( even though my tummy has a heat rash ) . Now ... to enjoy a FULL weekend off with my hubby ! <3 
I dreamt I was hunting lizards in HI , only to get stung by a HUGE scorpion and die . I then resurrected myself because being dead was no fun , willed my snake boots on ( instead of taking 10 minutes to lace them up ) , and walked around ... only to find the island I was on had only racetracks and resorts . And now I'm wide awake , thinking of giant spiderwebs and huge green anoles . 
Candlelight plus chess plus my husband ? Fantastic night . 
I get an extra day with my hubby <3 <3 Shipping date changed to Tuesday . 
Stressed out but amused by a new game < PROPMALE > found where you match words to create new word . My favourites are : man+fire = corpse ; corpse+life = zombie ; man+zombie = zombie ; and man+vodka = alcoholic . I'm still working getting \plague \"." 
Really tired of looking at lizard testes . 
Sushi and drinks at Kona :-) 
< PROPMALE > and I got to rescue our 10th kitten together before he enters Boot Camp ! She was stuck in a neighbors bumper . Speaking of , we have a little black girl kitten- 5wks- up for adoption :-) 
Missing < PROPMALE > Whittle-Taylor , but super proud to be an Army Wife . I've got an amazing soldier , fantastic family , great friends , and a happy boss ... life is good , if temporarily lonely . 
Procrastinating cleaning up the house ... I needs to get the living room clean , laundry , and some clothes boxed up before tonight . Poor < PROPFIRST > Marro ... he's got the kitchen and there's some pretty bad smells wafting my way ... 
Don't get me wrong , I have no problem working 10hr shifts . I just get tired when I was planning on 8hrs . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
At LaMadeline , all by my lonesome . I need to find some lunch buddies . 
A professor just told me I looked like the quintessential cowboy cut out , leaning against the wall in my cowboy boots , drinking a cup of coffee . I think it's the first time I've really laughed today . Dismal weather ( thanks < PROPFIRST > ) , Army stress , and work stress are all adding up to make a not-very-good-day ... anyone want to hit up Kona Reverse Happy Hour with me later this evening ( and maybe listen to me rant) ? 
Time to pay rent ... no idea where the checkbook was . Remembered where I stashed a blank check . Now I can't find the utility < PROPMALE > . Go figure ! 
< PROPFIRST > Marro is the best housemate ever . I <3 him and his cooking . And his company too ! :-D 
Time to hit the field ! 
Sullen , hungry , and a little bored . Not completely sure what to do with my day off . 
Working a half day . Coming up on 5.5 hrs and will be here for at least one more . Have to say , I'm not sure how I feel about my \half\ " days . " 
Why , thank-you , Mr. Recruiter , for being so vocally surprised that my husband didn't call me this weekend . Your tact and empathy is simply overwhelming . 
Anyone want to bring me supper at work ( < PROPFEMALE > ) ? Not only will I squeal in glee and proclaim my love , I'll also give you the grand lab tour :-D 
Almost time to go home . I think it's good to call a day at 12 or so hours . 
Apparently my tent was stolen- not the two others staked up , just mine . I'm torn between amused that someone else knew my tent rocked and just really really pissed . I take solace in the fact my tent was filthy . Btw , if someone from Luling/Gonzales TX tries to sell you a Swiss Gear 4-person tent , be suspicious ! 
I started laughing at HEB today- all I had on the conveyor were 5 frozen dinners and a bottle of red wine . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > Pequeno , for pointing out at least it wasn't 5 bottles of wine and one dinner :-P 
Happy to be have met the deadline for microscope measures ahead of schedule ! Also happy to have found a new Jims Restaurant < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Heard a meow , went outside , and a beautiful white cat came running up . I gave her some food , and then off she went again , silent as a ghost . And my legs are all mosquito bitten ! 
Day off ... slept in , actually made myself tea ( first cup since < PROPMALE > left ) , and am now sitting idle . I refuse to pack until it's cooler in the evening , which leaves me with a few hours to kill . I don't know what to do ! 
Soooo behind on the times . My favourite webcomic author/artist EVER is in SATX for the San Japan con . Is it worth spending $30 or $20 to go be a fangirl ? 
Get to go look at houses in an hour or so ! And I feel wide-awake and refreshed due to our hot water being shut off again ( at least cold showers in the summer aren't so bad ) . 
I have fantastic news ( in addition to the house ) , but it's not official yet :-D Eeeee ! 
An 11.5 hour day just seems longer when there's no lunch and the building you work in has a broken A/C :-/ 
I was never good at finding Easter eggs either . 
13hrs of sleep in 3 days- I'm sleeping in tomorrow . Boss said I must be ok because I was laughing . Laugh or cry man , laugh or cry . 
Supposed to get my house keys tonight :-D Anyone want to help me start moving stuff tomorrow ? 
So happy ! Got some rugs/decor for our house and moved some stuff over ( thank you , < PROPMALE > Kretchman , for helping me out ) . Also , many thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Bauer for the delish food <3 And tomorrow ... more moving things and then ... DANCING ! Everyone should come :-D 
Whoo , you know you're a dork when you spend your Friday evening making a CV . 
Finished my CV , only to find out that LinkedIn really doesn't want it . Oops . Oh well- now I have a CV ( it's not great , mind you , more like a summarized CV ) . 
People are dropping like flies for tonight's outing to the Bonham . This makes me very sad . Am I really that bad of a dancer ? :-P 
Dancing was a ton of fun , and a fantastic ab workout ( apparently , accoring to my soreness ) . And thanks to < PROPFIRST > Battles , I didn't have to deal with a creep for too long <3 Yay ! 
< PROPMALE > got to call tonight :-) We had a rushed , somewhat awkward 10 minute phone conversation <3 He says hi to everyone ! 
So , I'm doing the big move this weekend ( probably will get a truck , although I hate the idea ... is anyone comfortable driving a Uhaul ? It's big AND automatic shift , neither of which make me comfortable ) . I will provide all who offer to help with alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages ( alc will only come AFTER all the heavy lifting/driving is done , lol ) . 
Horrible day and an even more horrible night . My day/night could be a bad Lifetime movie , it so bad . 
< PROPFIRST > Battles knows how to show a girl a good time- spent the evening in the lab , pipetting blood from decapited lizard heads , preserving tapeworms , slicing up livers , singly badly , and playing with dry ice . :-D 
I learned today that it doesn't matter how much you try to provoke a lizard by insulting its parentage ( or dubious lack thereof ) , it will not come down out of a tree to be caught . 
I have acquired far too much stuff . There will be a great deal of donating going on in the next couple of weeks . 
I just lit my first stove and didn't burn anything ! Yay ! 
I just used my Swiss Army can opener to get tuna , made a pasta strainer out of a plastic bag , and am eating with a measuring spoon . BEST TUNA SALAD EVER . 
I finally set up a computer at my desk at work ( yes , I have an official desk , I just don't use it much at all ) , and am now sitting , staring at the jokes I put up when I first started here . My favourite :\ 
\Why didn't the dendrochronologist get married ? All he ever dated were trees ! \"" 
Went home to walk my dog , and am instead sitting in an auto shop getting a tire replaced . Everyone is being super nice to me though- I think I found my new mechanics . 
Summer students are going home , boss is going to the Cayman Islands , the lab is going to be inaccessible expect through the back way ( down a dark , crowded cement tunnel ) , and I have a feeling it's going to be very lonely next two weeks ( though not quiet , thanks to the construction ) . 
I take a perverse pleasure in cleaning a dirty house . It's nasty and sweaty , but so satisfying . 
Agenda : get a new vacuum and paper towels , and finish moving by 3 today . 
I will declare everlasting love and a free Coke to anyone who brings a few rolls of paper towels to my townhome . 
If cleanliness is next to godliness , scrubbing bubbles and magic erasers must be angels of the highest order . 
Work is depressing . We keep losing our hatchlings :-( 
I try to stay away from political discussions nowadays because I always get sucked into trying to make people see every side of the issue and become tolerant . It gets me a lot of angry words and thoughts- I will never understand why tolerance is so hated . 
Up way too late , but that's okay because I helped Johann Lall track down lizards from his childhood . Unfortunately , I then crushed his childhood innocence by sharing an article about their necrophiliac behavior :-P 
Was cleaning cages and found a dessicated hatchling head . I have no idea how long it's been there , who it was , or anything . I may have jumped a little bit upon putting my hand on it , also . 
Cutting out of work early because they're cutting metal right outside my lab . SCREEEEEEEECH ! 
Prop 8 is overturned . Hope is returned <3 
Incredibly super-fantastically excited to have Lukas Pankau visiting next weekend ! We've gone so far since he was a troll trying to get a rise out of me on an internet forum :-P 
Only lost one hatchling today . I fed them all and made sure they ate , either small crickets or wingless fruit flies . And they seemed less thirsty than before . It's cooler- just below 80 , but humidity is up at 45%- and it seems to be good for them . Here's hoping ! 
Trying to remember how many people I've befriended and met from SCN over the years . There's Lukas Pankau , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Obenshain ... I'm sure there's more , but I have a poor memory . I haven't met < PROPFIRST > Jones , < PROPMALE > Colvin , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > yet , but one day ! 
I'm officially teaching a lab on Wednesday afternoons ! And maybe Monday afternoons , depending on if they need another section . <3 
Shopping success with < PROPFEMALE > ! Found new favourite shoes- leather and wood Fossil brand heels <3 
I am the proud owner of a new washer and dryer , courtesy of Sears . Finally- after 4 years of using quarters , I finally have my own ! 
I love my job . I do not so much love coming into the lab and being met by a river in my hallway ... leaky pipes should not leak so fast ! 
f 
Been up for an hour and only just now sitting down for coffee and breakfast . Sigh , early mornings . 
It took waaaaay too long to sync up my new Tmail account ( the university is dumping outlook and going the way of google ) with my phone . I was also mildly upset to find out that my default email changed from Tara . Whittle to Twhittle- it is now returned to normal . 
I'm not sure what it says when , in the middle of measuring lizard kidneys , I suddenly decide my hair really needs bangs . Anyway , getting bangs now . 
There's another adorable stone cottage on my street that just went up for lease . Someone should move in and be my neighbor ! 
Actually cooking tonight . I'm thinking spinach sausage topped with mozzarella , veggies , and breadsticks . Pair it with a Texas blush ... should be decent . 
I can now use my microwave and stove at the same time , AND I don't have to have my microwave on the floor to use it . Yay for extension cords and outlet adapters ! 
I get to go to Florida soon to catch baby anoles- 
I have a new title for my CV : Par t-t ime faculty member . Yes , that actually is the official title for being a lab instructor at < PROPFEMALE > . How cool is that !?! 
Tearin ' down the town with Lukas Pankau to commence in approximately 3 hours ! 
Will be in Tampa for Weds - Fri , catching brown anole hatchlings at night . Going to the park tonight to make sure I actually can see hatchlings while they sleep ! 
Staining my blood smears today- cross your fingers for positive malaria results ! Also , cross your fingers for a successful adaption of the staining protocol I’m doing . 
Smears are stained but I can't scan them until they've dried completely ( boo ) . So much work to do before the 10th ! But now , to go home , eat , and get ready for night work at Palmetto State Park ! 
I have learnt that I get motion sickness when scanning slides under oil . Oops . 
Tomorrow , off I go to < PROPMALE > to catch lizards , while my brother , < PROPMALE > Kretchman , goes to Camp Atterbury to prepare for his deployment to Afghanistan . 
In < PROPMALE > ... after forgetting my IDs , having to go with a new rental car bc of issues , and getting lost multiple times , < PROPFEMALE > and I have bonded AND seen multiple baby brown anoles on UFC . And caught a green anole because we're just that cool . Now ... to relax until 9 ! 
Worked all night . Finally bed time ! 
I have now tethered my phone and have the power of the internets through my laptop through my phone . Whoots ! 
Not sure how I'll survive next semester- two labs to teach , bio meetings to present at , lab and individual research , along with keeping my lab up and running ! I love my work , but it may just kill me . <3 
I'm sorry , but when you order 1000 crickets , don't you expect most of them to be ALIVE !? 
I don't have the energy for a 24/7 energetic puppy , and neither does Indy . Maybe when I was 7 and Indy was 2 . 
Craigslist isn't working for me . Anyone know about the new system and what might be holding my listing from being posted ? It's listed as active , but isn't on the main list and can't be searched for through keywords :-( 
Avocado oil and sea salt potato chips ? Yes please ! 
So we got our replacement crickets today ... all dead . So now we're trying the 1/8th size with cool packs . It's a gamble- we're betting our refund against the cool packs working ( if we didn't order anymore crickets , would have been a full refund ) . 
Puppy is at his new home , at least until I get back on Monday :-D 
\I'm leavin ' on a jet plane / I don't know when I'll be back again ... \ " \ 
Sitting in < PROPFIRST > , being a dork and working on calculations . Whee . 
Aw , there's a lone goose wandering around outside , honking at the hotel bar . I'd feel more sorry for it if it also wasn't attacking the patrons that come out . ( it's storming pretty hard ) 
Happy wife of the Army's newest SPC < PROPFIRST > ! 
It gets harder every time it comes to leave Oklahoma . I guess I'll always be an Okie at heart . <3 
< PROPFIRST > 
Torn between being glad I don't have to be out the rain , and upset that I'm too sick to go into work . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
I am the Drosophila < PROPFEMALE > ! Rawr ! 
Quote of the day , courtesy of the book I'm reading : \Darwin says your mother's a whore . Simple as that . \"" 
Gearing up for my evening lab ... I made my lovelies a quiz ' cause I promised them one last week . Everyone appreciates promises being kept , right ? :-D 
Thinking about gracing UTSA with my studenty presence once again ... looking at a graduate certificate . 
Camera shopping . Hopefully I will soon be the proud new owner of a Nikon D90 and a few lenses <3 
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! I will have a brand new camera by early October . So excited !!!! 
When I got up this morning , I ran out to the garage and put clothes in the dryer . Right before I left for work , I ran out and got dressed in my toasty clothes . Bring it , cold weather- I've got a dryer and a shameless attitude ! 
Grading . From now on , I’m not accepting electronically submitted Excel files- I had to spend about 5 minutes on each one , formatting so it wouldn’t print all wonky . Margins are important , my children ! 
I have a sudden and deep respect for those professors in my past that graded the class ' work , gave partial credit , and left comments/explanations . Whew ! 
They're jackhammering right outside of my lab ( really , \ 
it's like 12ft away , if that ) . The sound is a loud drone , intermittent\ 
with drills , but the real problem are the minute vibrations . I can\ 
FEEL it , everywhere , all the time . Through the keyboard , floor , chair , \ 
walls ... even my computer is vibrating . Oddly enough , it's making me\ 
sleepy , as well as headachey . 
I crave pizza , but am too relaxed/lazy to go get any , and have no cash with which to tip for delivery . Ah , dilemmas ! 
Palmetto State Park : multiple lizards seen and caught , a beautiful and large < PROPFEMALE > snake , and an adorable kitteh . Guess which one I brought home ! 
\Science has proof without any certainty . Creationists have certainty without any proof . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Montague\ 
Screaming and sirens . Not the best sound to hear together , FYI . Mildly disconcerting . 
Construction did something that caused a massive power surge this morning . This caused 2 buildings to be evacuated due to smoke , our back-up campus data/network generator to die , and power to go completely out in three buildings ( including mine ) . Surge killed some of the emergency generator outlets- including the one our -80 freezer is plugged into . 
My two fruit fly labs did not infect the science building with Drosophila . I think . I won't bet on it though ! 
There is true danger in Half Price . I find fantastic books and then lose track of time whilst reading them . \Just one more chapter ! \ " is a cry oft heard by my husband late at night ... " 
ZomgzomgZOMG . Hulu has the ENTIRE series of Lexx ! ZOMG . <3 
Anyone an expert on fruit fly genetics ? Or at least knowledgeable about orange and white eye alleles ? 
I just taught mid-level genetics to freshman that haven't had genetics out of highschool . And I think I actually got through to them ! <3 <3 
At UTSA with an iguana on my back ... 
Took kitties to the vet ... all is well , but everyone got flea killer meds . I now have half-dead fleas weakly jumping all over the house . It'll be nice in an hour or so , but right now , I really just want to lock myself away until the massacre is over . 
New research : using a comparison of parasite infection rate in green and brown anoles to determine competition and human disturbance stress ! I think . We'll see . 
MIA for a little while . Between work and saving the Wasteland of New Vegas , I'm super busy . <3 <3 
Trying to figure when my KT Tunstall radio station started depressing me . Dammit , I liked that station ! 
E . O . < PROPMALE > lecture , \the future of life\ " tonight ! " 
Green tea , papers about fast plants , and distractions . I hope my students appreciate getting their papers back tomorrow ! 
I've decided to call it a night after putting a Lolcat in one of the paper's I was grading as a substitute for comment on their writing style . Not because of the Lolcat , but because now I'm considering going back and putting pictures into all of the papers , and that would just take too darn long . 
Thinking about doing a membership at the YMCA ( my abs are fading , which makes me sad , especially with < PROPMALE>'s constant workout through the Army ) . Anyone wanna be gym buddies ? 
I have a new friend at work- a pink Betta fish named \Fernando . \ " He eats fruit flies and will soon be set up in a unique tank- 4L beaker with some other decorations ( like a defunct micropipette ) . Yay ! " 
Hulu has the complete series of Lexx , < PROPFEMALE > 2525 , and < PROPFIRST > of All Trades . With these three shows and being able to keep up with Bones and Walking Dead , I'm basically in TV heaven . <3 <3 <3 
How should I reward my husband for cleaning up the living room ? I'm thinking a 40-something-inch led lcd hdtv might be appreciated . 
A student approached me today to ask about working on research with ... me ! ME specifically ! I feel uber-sciency . He's even volunteering his time over spring break to help me with field collections <3 
I think I've finally finished my < PROPMALE > proposal ... other than identification of anole capture sites . Now ... to finish my pseudo-paper so I can make a fantastic presentation for the SICB meeting . Then ... to write a section or two for a paper about Anolis morphology ... Oh academia , how I've missed our ménage à trois with carpal tunnel syndrome . 
Having trouble motivating myself to cook- it seems so much easier to just heat something up for 3 minutes instead of boiling water , thawing meat , cooking noodles ... 
In today's < PROPFEMALE > newsletter : \Stop by for free cookies and condoms ! \ " I love colleges :-D " 
I love the winter holidays because it's perfectly acceptable for me to squeal when I find the perfect gift for someone . 
I'm excited- I get a dining room table tomorrow ( just in time to host Thanksgiving ) , and since < PROPFIRST > Battles is helping me , I don't have to figure out how to clone myself to help move it . 
Anyone want to go grocery shopping with me ? I really hate doing it by myself :-/ 
Cranberry relish made and yams cooked . Dining room is mostly clear . I think we may just be able to pull this off after all ! 
Had a great holiday- good Thanksgiving , clean house , new home decor ( gonna have to pull me kicking and screaming from our home eventually ) , found a new temp friend for Indy , fancy date dinner , and front row seats for the Nutcracker ballet . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > does know how to woo me ! 
Decided to take fashion to work- I've decided my new J . Crew sweater is going to be my \why the heck is my lab colder than 70 degrees !? \ " fuzzy . Now I just need fingerless ( and fully autoclavable ) gloves ! " 
New cars are exciting , even if financing them is a headache <3 
Moment of truth soon ... student evaluations . Am I actually liked , or is it a facade of truly angry and bitter freshman ? :-P 
Managed to not be sicky until labs were over ... and now ... * cough * * wheeze * 
Officially spending the day in bed , watching Hulu , and slipping in and out a fever delirium . If you get a weird text from me , I'm not drunk texting , I'm just not fully conscious ! 
\Sometimes I wonder why I always try to do the right thing- and sometimes I wonder what the right thing truly is . \"" 
I'm thinking Clear's in-home wireless , a Roku ( internet streamer ) , and a subscription to Hulu Plus and Netflix Stream is all we need to make our house a complete win . Opinions ? 
I saw a < PROPFIRST > today . Silly bird thinks spring has come early just because it's a < PROPFEMALE > , almost-70 degrees kind of day ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I are doing Narnia and Freetail tonight ! All and everyone are invited to join :-) Specifically looking at < PROPFEMALE > p , < PROPMALE > Boggs , and Nerdikus Maximus ! 
Excited to do a photoshoot again- been a long time since I've modeled . <3 
Graphs , tapeworms , powerpoint , MANOVA , and outlines oh my ! It must be getting close to meeting time ... 
Heh . Apparently there's a Dr. Whittle out there studying malaria- and he's not my dad ! 
The Christmas tree survived the night , and the cat tree is still standing ( all 8ft of it ) , but I have long , bloody scratches on my hand that I don't remember getting ... 
I've restless , feel like tossing my head , feel like I need a change ... must be time to cut my hair ! 
< PROPMALE > and Voltron were gimps . ( no offence to anyone but < PROPMALE > ) 
Pedicab ! 
Dr. Who ? marathon day , supplemented with tea and wine and cuddles . Best after-Christmas day ever ! 
Huge tv ? Check ? Internet ? Check . Roku ? Check . Hulu Plus ? Check . Watching Xena ? Do you really have to ask ? 
Such a dork . I just made my own clipart for my SICB powerpoint- a lizard with tick , tapeworm , and plasmodium infections ! 
Tomorrow : Kiss my lovely husband , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , goodbye and make sure everything is packed . Nerdikus Maximus then picks me up waaay too early to take me to the airport ( the < PROPFIRST > of a great friend ) , I get on a plane or two for most of the day , and then arrive in the middle of the freaking north pole ( ie , Utah ) in the evening . But at least I have lovely new clothes , blazers , and a wool coat to decorate myself in ! 
I'm getting weird looks because I'm presenting to an invisible audience in the Oakland airport . Sheesh- you'd think people would be thrilled to learn about lizard worms ! 
So . Many . BYU . People . 
Talk is done ! Coulda done better , coulda done worse , but now apparently people want to talk to me about parasites , so I guess that's good . And it's REALLY COLD HERE . 
Life lesson : < PROPFIRST > Zimmer is not a morning person , or at least not pre-coffee . Oops ? :-P 
Most awesome thing learned at this meeting ? You can feed baby armadillos puppy formula and dog food . Now , I just need to find an orphan armadillo ... 
Cephalopods are cool . Getting a business card from a person willing to give me advice on working with cephalopods in grad school ? Very cool . 
Do any of my lovely San < PROPFIRST > friends want be even more lovely and give me a ride home from the airport tomorrow afternoon ? 
I arrive at 1:40 ... anyone free ? Pretty please ? 
Huh . Berkeley has a lab doing everything I want other than < PROPFEMALE > ... they even do work in Africa . Guess I need to start getting my game together ? 
All and sundry ( esp . my medical and graduate friends)- does anyone have any experience with or know prior participants in the Amgen Scholars Program ? I've got a student who's really interested and I honestly don't have anything to tell him . < PROPFIRST > Assefaw < PROPFEMALE > Bauer < PROPFIRST > Whitson 
It is 66 degrees in my lab . I am rather unhappy . 
Working from home because the house isn't super cold and doesn't have a mass-ton of jack-hammering right outside . Ie , it won't be shaking . 
Haha , I've gone from being first sun to second sun , fixed earth to cardinal fire , from being a bull to being a ram , and from being ruled by < PROPFEMALE > to being ruled by Mars . How am I supposed to know how to act now !? :-P 
Is it a precursor to getting sick , allergies , or abestos-laced dust and construction smoke making me so miserable ? 
Evening HEB trip while hungry ... resulted in frozen dinners , chips and french onion dip , and poptarts . I swear , I looked for the dried fruit ! 
Does anyone know where I could easily buy seeds for domestic corn , millet , barley , oats , wheat , and rye ? 
I may be ill and blah , but I have a wonderful and handsome husband . Who makes me tea . And who will make me tea in a few minutes when he gets home ? <3 
My fishy is happy ! < PROPMALE > made his first bubble nest ! <3 
Lab tech = jury-rigging extraordinaire . 
I'm scheduled to do property visits on two of our field research sites on Thursday ... when the weather is supposed to be bad . I really hope I don't get stuck doing brain work in the lab instead : ' -( 
Old houses = lots of windows to let light in so you don't fall on your face when your neighborhood is hit with rolling blackouts . 
Central heating plus gas water heater = pure win . Power goes out , just take a hot bath ! 
Spending my afternoon wandering around outside on private ranches . I'm so layered up that I feel like a marshmellow . 
Greek food is delish . Food poisoning keeping me up all night is miserable . 
I adore < PROPMALE > ( my betta ) . He follows me when I trail my finger around his beaker . 
Might as well announce it here- < PROPMALE > and I are moving in April ! Bets are on WA , but CO and GA aren't out of the question ( or KS , but let's not talk about that ) . Whoots , Army life ! 
I do not have a green thumb . I have the very opposite of a green thumb- call it a black , shriveled , plant plague-inducing thumb . And yet I am attempting to grow plants for work . Huh . 
Today I coverslipped about 90 slides and inventoried equipment/chemicals . I never knew being a grownup would involve foul-smelling chemicals and craning my neck at odd angles to look for serial < PROPFIRST > and voltage requirements .... 
Being at the airport before 5am ? Fabulous . Being at the airport 2 hours before your flight only to have your airline's check-in desk NOT open in less than 1.5 hours before your flight ? Fabulously fantastic . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
Fuzzy , mewly , < PROPFEMALE > , spotty , baby KITTEHS ! 
I dun wanna go home yet !!! 
Ft < PROPFIRST > ( Tacoma , Washington area ) , here we come ! < PROPMALE > and I will be moving in early April , it looks like . 
The movie \Monsters\ " is my new favourite . I want cephalopodish aliens to study and photograph ! " 
I'm hindsight , running up and down stairs and doing a fair amount of physical exertion while suffering from allergies so bad that it's hard to breathe may not have been the brightest idea . 
To add to the wackiness of my job description before I leave ... I will be sewing a ton of cloth drawstring bags with my original pattern ( it's not a normal drawstring ) . Go me ? 
Whoots ! I have a property manager to help us find a place to rent in Washington ! :-D 
I refuse to be defeated by a sewing machine . Even if it does keep eating my thread . REFUSE ! 
I have Dragon Age , massages complete with chocolate covered strawberries , and muslin lizard bags on my mind ... 
I'll feel better when we hear from < PROPFEMALE > , my mother-in-law . 
Even though the Army is moving us , there's still so much one has to do to get ready ! 
I feel like ... shopping . For big , plastic bins to put random stuff in ( move preparation ) . And maybe books . And if I'm in the area of where shoes are sold , why not give them a look , eh ? 
No more professional massages for me- they stress me out . 
Squeeeeeeee ! WB has the FULL series of < PROPFEMALE > & Clark : The New Adventures of Superman online . Squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
Oh , bacteria . I've been so spoiled this semester not doing all your grunt work , thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Sparks . But here , in my last week , we meet again ... Yes , I will pour your 40 plates to grow your red and pink colonies on . And yes , I will immortalize you in frozen glycerol stock . But in the end , I will win no matter what- why ? Because I'm made of eukaryotes ! 
My husband has left me for another man . Sob . 
Going to the < PROPMALE > Powell lecture tonight ! <3 to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for the tickets ! 
My Friday ( first day of unemployment ) is filling up quickly . I've got to be on Fort < PROPFIRST > at 7:30 , vet at 9:30 , DMV for a new DL right after I drop off the animals at home , pre-move appointment at 1 , lunch right after that .... I thought it was supposed to get easier once I stopped working ! 
Last day of work ... I managed to not only stay until almost ten ( but we have a rockin ' inventory now ) , but also lock my purse in the roof greenhouse . <3 to certain faculty who also stay late . 
< PROPFEMALE > Chosed is basically the bestest , most fantastic , awesomemost person and housemate ever . Just sayin ' 
Took Indy and Tamaa to the vet . Tamaa ended up slicing the vet's hand and Indy bit the technician . I feel like I had two very very bad children up for vaccinations at a doctors . 
The countdown has officially started . Furniture and party yesterday , mattress and doing a lot of laundry today , movers coming tomorrow , < PROPMALE>'s graduation on Tuesday ... and then , hitting the road on Wednesday until we reach Albuquerque ! We'll be in Washington by Sunday . 
Wondering why we had to stay up all night when we're not packing/moving ourselves , but that we didn't when we did . Oh well . 
Having 3 professional movers/packers is amazing . In under 3 hours , everything is in boxes and ready to be put in the truck . I feel spoiled . 
Considering whooping some husband ass when he finally gets his behind home ... 
