It doesn't matter how much you hold back , nor for how long . Eventually , something breaks the barriers you set up . And then everything spills forth without restraint . And when that happens , everything goes to hell . 

Three children screaming plus one passed out parent plus a stepfather in Fort < PROPMALE > equals one strangely serene < PROPMALE > . 
In case I can't get on tommorrow , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . And if I do get on , I'll say it again . consider it a Christmas bonus . 
I wish I could take the homeless cat outside back to my dorm . Ah well . Guess it'll have to just accept free food when I can sneak some out . 
Let no one stand in the way of you and your dreams . Ever . Keep fighting and striving to reach them . And when you do , make even grander ones . Don't give up . Keep going until the day you die . 
Break is ending , too soon it seems . Now I'll have to go back to sleeping in class and putting off my work until the night before . Oh well . 
I got the wind knocked out of me by an inflatable alligator tonight . Go me . 
Yesterday I went to bed early , did my homework , went to all my classes , didn't sleep through any of them , didn't take a nap afterwards and even cleaned my room . What the hell is wrong with me ? 
Dramatic contemplation makes the world go round . 
Exams are done with , I got a job over the summer along with a place to stay , and for once I don't feel like trying to break the laws of reality . Life is good . 
Today needs to die . Right now . 
Drunk people need to stop being twats . If I see another bottle of alcohol smashed in the road , another rock wall torn down or another flowerbox nearly ruined I swear that I will cave their skulls in . 
Shits yeah ! Thunderstorm means day off for me , unless it stops . And from the looks of things , no < PROPMALE > of that . 
Well , I'm in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor now . Time to find a job , get some cash , then roll around in a big pile of money . Yeah ... that sounds nice . 
If the zombified remains of a person and their spiritual residue ( AKA their ghost ) met each other , what would happen ? Would they be reborn or just thouroughly frustrated ? 
I am as elegant as a train wreck , graceful as a drunk swan and as modest as a supernova . 
Finally started playing Okami . Great game . However , I also learned I can't draw a horizontal line to save my life . In this case literally . 
Here's hopin ' someone stupid uses fireworks and get a hand blown off . Best part of the holiday hands down . 
Today has been a good birthday . I got a cake AND ice cream . That is really all it takes for me to consider a birthday a success . 
I'd like to take this moment to thank all of you who wished me a happy birthday . And for those who didn't ( you know who you are ) just remember that late birthday wishes are acceptable . 
Attention\ 
passengers . This train of thought may experience derails throughout\ 
your journey , as the rails are quite flimsy and unstable . If that happens , brace yourselves and wait it out . It\ 
will rerail itself eventually . We appreciate your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gimme a victim , a lead pipe , a beaver , some trail mix and a handkerchief . I promise you that the results will be worth it . 
Dreams are merely realities that are yet to be . Don't give up hope or lose sight of those possibilities , no matter how strange or impossible they may seem . 
I got to talk to < PROPFIRST > today . And even though she was being told to pump me for information and to bribe me with birthday money , I still loved talking to her . 
Notice me for who I am . Remember me for what I've done . 
I don't understand animals sometimes . I was taking a walk about an hour ago and I came across a stray cat . I walked over to it slowly , all nonthreatening and such , and it bolts like I lit its tail on fire . Then I find a raccoon , and that rabid bastard followed me for about a block until I chucked a rock at it . Like I said , I don't get animals . 
Last night , I totally stole this one dude's flock of boxen . 
Didn't realize today was Tuesday and missed half my classes . Terrific first day . 
I am < PROPMALE > , cap'n of the U.S.S. Icebreaker ! Full speed towards the nearest awkward silence ! 
I got mauled by a bear today . Fun fun . 
Always embrace the consequences of your actions , for they prove that they were in fact your actions . They are what shape you , what make you unique and your own person . Let no one steal from you your ability to choose , to decide . 
I . Hate . Limes . 
I'm pretty sure I got sick from the con . I actually feel cold right now . 
Feast thine eyes upon the tamed hair of < PROPMALE > ! And they said it couldn't be done ... 
It is snowing outside . It makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside , like a nostalgia overdose . 
Just got his head shaved . Expect a barrage of pictures within the week . 
Life sucks . The meaning of life is simply to make it unsuck . 
The < PROPFIRST > pool : just like any other pool , you're not supposed to piss in it . 
Oh snow . You have returned to bless me with your sun-obscuring clouds and your fluffy blanket of supposedly freezing flakes . I love you . 
Well , I'm gonna be offline until the 4th , so to anyone who cares , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Happy New YEar , and if I missed your holiday , um ... well , my bad . 
INTERNET !!! At last , I have you again ! 
My homework assignment is to grow mold . Hopefully I get some pretty black mold . That way I can name it Moulder . I think I spelled that right . 
Molder Report , Day 6 . \ 
\ 
With repairs to the < PROPFIRST > heating system , Molder has started to take shape . It is currently two small blue-gray spheres on a piece of cake . I have faith that it will spread to the pudding and assorted fruit soon . 
18 strong ! 
Molder Report , Final\ 
I realize quite a bit of time has passed since Molder's last update . 15 days to be exact . However , time has been rare as of late . \ 
Regardless , the beings collectively known as Molder were no less than 3 in total : a black Rhizopus mold , an unknown dark green mold and by the strong scent of alcohol , some form of yeast . More research will be done in regard as to what the green mold was . 
Went to try and convince Mom not to ship my brother to Dad , but no one was home . Ain't that just perfect ? 
Found out today that my brother is still with my mom . Apparently dad is under some kind of investigation for illegal drugs and thus my mom had to go back on her claim . Go figure . \ 
At least , that's what I got out of < PROPFIRST > between cheers of WOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
I . Love . Hail . 
I don't know where I'm going half the time , but that doesn't stop me from going there . 
Spent the night gettin ' sweaty with < PROPFEMALE > Marsh , < PROPFEMALE > Wymer and Kait Greathouse . I almost gave myself a concussion too . \ 
It was a great night . 
Why is everyone getting so riled up over the snow ? everyone knows Michigan has four seasons : winter , late winter , road construction and early winter . 
(\\__/) \ 
(= ' . ' =) \ 
(\) _ (\") \ 
< PROPFEMALE > = Winning 
I am an unstoppable tidal wave , gathering snow , blazing through the sky , crushing everything in my beak ! 
I fuckin ' love thunderstorms ! 
Okay weather . Can ya do me a personal favor ? The next time you decide to be unbearably muggy for half the day and < PROPFEMALE > for the other half , make sure you set your < PROPFEMALE > alarm for the AM and your muggy for the PM . That way , I don't have to work and I can get food at night . Otherwise I'm stuck inside watching the rain after sweating to death for eight hours . You do this for me and I'll stop trying to neutralize you . 
I may be love's bitch , but at least I'm man enough to admit it . 
Happy birthday , figment of our imagination . May the rest of our years be as violent and illogical as these last ones have been . 
Woo ... birthday party was beyond description . Once me and my two bestest buds foreverest wake up , its off to Lansing to go buy useless crap just because I can . And finally ... FINALLY I will have a phone . Disconnected from society I will be no longer ! Ha-HAH ! 
Got out of work an hour early , got an extra $10 in my pocket and got to bust up furniture for 3 hours . Best day of work ever . 
All righty . So , I got a phone this weekend . And to help control the flood of people who want my number , leave your name in an orderly fashion on this message . Now come and get me . 
So , found out I'm gonna see my sister on the 28th . Along with my dad . This'll be interesting if nothing else . 
