yay school is finall over ............. sad i'm never seeing most of you in life for a long time or never again !!!!!!!!!! :( 

going to keystone ~ !!!!!!!!! 
i have uber bad sunbur nfrom today at the beach :( 
:( not able to go to my friend's summer party . i'll be on vacation .!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
i burned my right hand in the oven . i'm fine for now but there's a blister !!!!!!!!!! 
Good night everyone ! Sorry if Ican't talk now but later tomorrow maybe . 
IM BACK FROM NH !!!!!!!!! 
I hate when I miss opportunities to my boyfriend !!!!!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
i'm so freaking mad !!!!! i could have gone to warped tour but people kept bull-crapping me with there decisions . 
Okay well I'm going to try to have a moving away party in a couple of weeks , but the weird thing is it won't be until after the July 17th after I move . If you think this is a good idea or would like to come , please either call or message me on here . Remember it's not official yet if I'm having one !!!!!!!!!! OK ? Bye for now . 
ok people it's official ... I'm living with my dad for the school year in Maryland ........... sorry everyone . I'll always remember you guys . If you want to < PROPFEMALE > out during the summer while I'm with my mom call me . Don't messeage cause I might not get it til way later . Love ya . 
OMG ! LAST DAY FOR PACKING AT MY DAD'S! finally ........... well technically it's the last day of living in Monroeville . If you guys think I should have an after party please let me know cause I might have it next Saturday or the one after that . Luv ya guys . 
Ok well since no one has felt the need to contact me on their opinions of a going away party I'm just not goin to bother . WOW don't I feeel loved . 
thanks for the support my so-called friends . 
Hit the \like\ " button if I've ever made you smile . Then 
oh wow . I just dropped my keyboard and it landed between my legs . lol . it got stuck under my left leg . Only me could that happen to . Sammi stop falling down the stairs ! 
Ok a couple days ago was offically my last day living in Monroeville . Sorry but every time I think it's the last it isn't . If you want to < PROPFEMALE > call me or message me . and for god's sake people put your wall updates to most recent instead of top news . 
No one cares if you care , but I do . 
Just got done reading Go Ask < PROPFEMALE > . I honestly don't think she overdosed . She was clean . Unless something happened within the unwritten 3 weeks . Who knows ? But I can't help but to want to find out for her sake and others like her . 
some people just don't get it . 
I hate how I can't help people either cause I can't get to them cause I'm too young , they won't let me , or they lived in another time and it's too late ......... :( 
I lvoe this song : so happy i could die ~ lady gaga 
oh yea ! FOO FIGHTERS ~ EVERLONG !!!!!!!!!!! one of my fav songs ! 
everyone is boring . everyone is the same . everyone is stuck . everyone is secretly depressed . everyone doesn't matter . everyone is freaking crazy as heck . EVERYONE IS HERE FOR YOU ! everyone is gone ................................................................. 
i think it's awkward when two of your favorite music artist have a feud or one says something bad about the other . 
80% happy , 10% bored , 8% pissed , and 2% depressed . yea i'm that complex . 
( in my mind ) click .............. click ..... click ........... CLICK I TELL YOU CLIIIIIIIIIIIIICK !!!!!!!!!!! oh finally ! 
night people !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got to g o to bed . gunna be swimming tomorrow ! maybe . bye for now ! 
Can you believe that the new school I'm going to is going to interview me . It's a public schoool , right ?! idk . but hey whatever happens happens . 
LAST DAY LIVING IN PENNSYLVANIA !!!! i'll miss you guys . sorry but you people didn't call me to see me . shows how much you care ! anyway yea . love u guys . i might not be on facebook for a lil while . my school starts soon so yea . love ya !!!! 
Hey people ! Sorry I haven't been on but well the gist is ... my dad had a heartattack on the 22nd and was in the hospital for a few days . He just went back to work today . He's ok but has to change his diet slightly and stop smoking completely . 
That and school started the next day . It's ok . in a way better than gateway but i don't have any super close friends yet . i just have people to talk to occasionally in my classes and these nice people at lunch . I f anyone does read this i'll be surprised . if anyone calls i'l be shocked . lol . anyway that's wat's been going on . so bye for now ! 
I have tomorrow off ! My new school takes Rosh Hoshannah off and pretty much make any excuse to have a day off . unfortunately that means my summer starts on june 16th . so good and bad . 
sad that i can't talk to you on our monthly anniversaries . stupid panera ! .... + school !!!!! 
yay another day off tomorrow !!!!!! 
If you can answer this for me in a logical manner I'll love you for life ....... How do Chucky and his bride have sex whem they're toys ? Exp ; ain ! It's been driving me crazy for the past 2 years every since it popped in my head . Help me understand ! 
i swear i could never get tired of listening to smashing pumpkins . 
My cousin had her baby yesterday !!!!! His name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Korpi . the dad is half japanese . yay !!!!! 
where oreo is milk's favorite cookie , dr. pepper is a bear's favorite drink ! 
i can't wait . i'm gunna try auditioning for < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland . it's the fall play at my new school . 
grrr i hate sunburn . i went to the Penn State game and now my ight sdie if my face , arm , abck of the neck and chest has sunburn . my face is all dry but other than that i'm not in pain . still sucks though . ( cross arms in a harumph mode ) 
Let's see howforthcoming my facebook friends are ...... Leave a one word comment thatyou think best describesme using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It canonly be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I canleave a word about you . 
Went to the < PROPMALE > Waters concert on Sunday in Pittsburgh . AWESOME ! didn't get home til 3:30 am though . on other note . had my < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland audition yesterday . it was fun !!!!!! hope i get something . if i have < PROPFEMALE > though i'll have to dye my hhair blonde . :P OMG !!! 
What would you do if I dyed my blonde ? 
still having different versions of the same nightmare . 2 nights in a row last night and the night before . 
got out of school early today ! yayayayayayayayayay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I GOT A PART IN < PROPFEMALE > AND WONDERLAND !!!!! I got Eaglet .... who is that ? 
OK LETS GET SOMETHING STRAIGHT ! i only add you if i talk to you in real life and if i'm actually friends with you . truast me there are othe rways of stalking ... DO GET A LIFE AND STAY OUT OF MINE . THERE'S A REASON I WOULDN'T ADD YOU ! think about it . 
i'm giving up . i don't know who to believe or who to trust . so maybe i should just disappear . no one whould notice . would you ? i don't care . give me a reason to care and i MIGHT ! 
I got a new hug < PROPMALE > yea me !!! 
you came to see the mobscene , i know it isn't your scene , it's better than a sex scene , and it's so f***ing obscene , obscene YEAH ! you want commitment ? put on your bestsuit . put your arms around me cause we're going DOWN DOWN DOWN ! ( mOBSCENE ~ < PROPFEMALE > Manson ) 
Don't break Dont break my heart , or I'll break you heart shaped glasses ! ( Heart shaped glasses ~ Manson again ) yea i'm listening to him now and HAPPY !!!! 
And isn't this exactly where you'd like me\ 
I'm exactly where you'd like me , you know\ 
Praying for love in a lap dance and paying in naivety 
day off tomorrow and homecoming weekend ! 
Grandparents visited new place for the first time this weekend . went to civil war med museum then the basillica and shrine for Saint Mother < PROPFEMALE > Seton ( the only american saint ) 
ok i'm going to Noodle from the band Gorillaz and i kinda need a lil help on how I should go about doing that . any suggestions ? 
if it were legal how many people do think would be constantly naked or nude ? it's a question that popped into my head 30 seconds ago . no joke it really was 45 seconds ago . lol 
i swear every where i have been noticing people talking bout < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show ! WEIRD ! 
\Soo Happy I could Die\ " ! CUZ I FINALLY GOT THE Fame Monster CD ! yay ! and a manson cd and a aht the has a comb to hold on your head and a book with bookmark and a shirt for someone else and some purple hair dye and cat ears wit black + white stripes ! AWESOME " 
happy i got to go trick or treating with my < PROPMALE > and sis ! < PROPFEMALE > !!! a lot of good < PROPFEMALE > surprisingly ! 
ehhh sick , pissed off , depressed , but happy once i got home . 
stayed home today cuz i'm still sick with a fever . :( 
i drove for the first time with my permit ! i dorve for an about 1/2 hr on 2 < PROPFIRST > road . i didn't crash or get a ticket ! YAAYAYAYAYAY ! 
ok just curious from my people back in Pittsburgh but , how much snow did u guys get ? all we've had is wind and 50-30 degree days . 
got to get 4 more hrs of sleep cuz of parent techer conferences ! :) 
i'm thankful for getting to see my infant nephew , < PROPFEMALE > , for all the friends i've been making at my new school , for safe traveling , for my family that i love even when i can't be with them to prove it , and all others . 
if it's not real chocolate then why is it called white chocolate ? duh ! 
grr my stomach hurts all of a sudden . at least i finished thanksgiving dinner ! 
ok for those who re doing black friday shopping , what shops are you hitting ? 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
:( the show is cancelled tonight ! :( 
sad i lost my camera and still can't find it . theater seemed to go pretty well . coming back to PIttsburgh on wednesday ! 5 MORE DAYS TIL XMAS ! 
YAY I FOUND MY CAMERA !!!!! it was on the bus and the bus driver was nice enough to still have it . YAY !!!! 
4 MORE DAYS TIL XMAS ! 
I thought safety pins were suppose to be safe but they have the potential to stab you ( sammi ) in the boob . 
\yay\ " wait why am i typing that ? I meant \ " yea \"." 
Last day of the year ! 
saw < PROPFEMALE > out of nowhere at Giant Eagle . :) 
is it just me or am i the only one who feels that everyone has this stupid hope of betterness that may or may not happen for the new year . it gets old real easily . just saying . it'll be the same just with slight differences . 
i wish i had a day to just explore a library all day til closing hours . but never have time . 
i feel like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > except I'm white with one black glove . lol 
Taking my first SAT tomorrow mornig for 5 hrs ........ wish me luck if you want . don't have ... realy you don't! Hope I do well though . 
Day 2 of local school closing in a row ! the snow is pretty . people pushed it aside and made me sad . but i'm ok . cuz i got to be home all day !. omg i rhymed ! 
OMG I JUST CHANGED THE LANGUAGE to ( sorry kept caps on ) English ( Pirate ) and keeping it ! 
ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUSES ! 
Going to Mt . < PROPFIRST > soon . 
dude why is a lot of my lipgloss missing ? i see lipsticks but where did the other stuff go ?! creepy ! 
my head hurts ........... MAKE IT STOP ! 
yea i have SIMS now ! 
Boston creme pie toaster strudel , listening to < PROPMALE > AND NORAH'S INFINITE PLAYLIST soundtrack , and school is closed ........ it's already a good day . :) 
oh yea just typed with one hand perfectly ! 
listening to THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA soundtrack now . :) 
yay ! i got in the muscial ! It's School House Rock . 
oh GOD ! I hate how people never tell me when i'm annoying . trust me i can take it ! i would be less mad if you were honest than otherwise . i maybe mad at first , but later on i'm ok with you for being honest . why is that so hard ?! 
I got big , white chocolate strawberries for V-day ! yummy 
crappy feeling today 
lol Bisexual cheese . 
( SCREAMS AT THE TOP OF LUNGS ) MY CAT LEFT A DEAD ANIMAL IN MY BED ! I THINK IT WAS UNDER MY PILLOW CAUSE IT SMELLED LIKE GARBAGE THERE AND WHEN I MOVED THE PILLOWS IT WAS ALL OF A SUDDEN THERE ! I FEEL SO GROSS ! 
i think i'm gunna cry . i'm afriad the dead animal scent won't come out of my mattress and pillows . :( 
it seems as though i never could , can't , and never will be able to do anything right . 
yay for getting out 2hrs early ! 
love how people don't respond when they should , but do when they shouldn't . 
Cancer patient has 1 wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status . But my friends will be the 3% who do . In honor of someone you love who has died or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour . Thank you ? 
the snow last night made the road look white or covered in ash . kinda pretty 
snow : pretty , smooth , fresh , white later turning into dirty , slushy , black stuff i don't want . 
1 FRIGGIN POINT ! sorry , lost tonight in Mocktrial for prosecuting . defense has been doing better though . 
i have a stalker .............. and it's you ! so stop stalking me you stalker ! 
i feel like < PROPFEMALE > . I'm wearing red heels , and my screen door wants to fly away . 
you tend to get the strangest visitors at a glimpse/pick up of your phone . 
yay ! I won the < PROPFIRST > pole in Film Studies ! 
I love how < PROPFEMALE > reacted to her bullet hole wedding dress on < PROPMALE > . 
yay got out early ! 
grrrrrr why aren'T THE SPEAKERS WORKING !? MAKE SOUND !!!! 
got to love google translate 
WELL I GOT THE HOUSE TO MYSELF ! ......... now what ? 
watching PHILADELPHIA 
watching Tosh . O 
I'M HAPPY I'M INSPIRING PROFILE PICS ! 
grrr comp hates me right now ! 
i want to go to a rave ! 
in the Olympics , do you think it is really the best of the best ? 
watching Jackass : The Movie . yay ! 
yay ! so far i've inspired 3 profile pics ! 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a sport and play along ... 
YAY ! I can go to Germany following my People to People trip ! 
i'm tired ........ can i go to sleep ? 
Dessert Theatre performance tomorrow night ! 
HEY GUESS WHAT ! I got a WEBCAM + SKYPE ! 
LAST NIGHT was AWESOME ! went to < PROPFEMALE > Days after the show . 
wow I just realized it was DST ! 
Holy Crap ! two earthquakes have shifted the Earth's axis , Chile + Japan's! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's more to people than what you think . Put this as your status if youre against bullying ... 
Happy Pi Day ! how many digits can you remember correctly ? i can only do 7 off the top of my head . 
One of the greatest days ever : Choir Ajudication , eating lunch at Panera for the first time , and Finding Nemo references on the bus ! 
OMG I WANNA GO SEE < PROPFIRST > RADCLIFFE IN \How to Succeed In Business Wothout Really Trying\ " ! omg that would be so weird if he was still on the show when i go to England ! " 
Oh wait ! the show is in New York City ! Now I have to go ! 
ahhh dilemma ! tekkoshocon IX or cousin's bridal shower ? 
Chances are a lil higher for going to Tekkoshocon IX . 
See some of you at Tekkoshocon IX ! 
gosh i hope i'm not catching a cold . i feel crappy . 
apple 
yay ! i just watch the Panica at the Disco video for The Ballad of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! AWESOME ! 
Crouching < PROPFEMALE > , Hidden Doggy 
Personally I would have preferred those who have my phone number to have called , but this will do . 
I still can't get it through my head saying I'm 17 ! 
It has been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy and you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least one of these friends ; they will know who they are !!! :D 
exhausted from musical rehearsal ! 
You say that I'm never on when it's you that's never on ! 
yay ! successfully used skype ! 
even more tired from rehearsal but i'm sure it'll be worth it in the end 
i feel scared for life . i saw something horrifying ! too horrifyting to talk about ! 
GETTING READY TO LEAVE FOR TEKKOSHOCON ! 
