Seems to me that the nutrition world is afraid to admit that fruit = vitamin enriched < PROPFEMALE > . 

thinks that judgement day could never come too soon . 
isn't 
\Though fortune may guide to the fools I have no wish to be free until I am gone . \"" 
Seems I've waited years for this day to end . 
killing every bird with one stone . 
is living in hope that tomorrow never comes . 
EXP : 01/01/12 
Ich will die Welt in flammen sehen . 
At break of day , until the light fails , march ever on ... 
My entire life , there's been nothing I've desired more than to not be human . But , bodybuilding makes it tolerable ... 
is a beta 2 adrenergic agonist . 
There is no escape from justice , nothing can be unearned and unpaid for in the universe , neither in matter nor in spirit-and if the guilty do not pay , then the innocent have to pay for it . 
just became legally obese . 
In Norse mythology , Fimbulvetr ( or fimbulvinter ) is the immediate prelude to the events of Ragnarök . Fimbulvetr is three successive winters where snow comes in from all directions , without any intervening summer . During this time , there will be innumerable wars and brothers will kill brothers . The prefix ' fimbul ' means \the great/big\ " so the correct interpretation of the word is \ " the great winter \"" 
In the flames of war ; forge the world anew . 
is spin kicking balconies while tearing out robot eyes . 
Until the end and back again Defiant to the last man Till there's nothing left to fight against No surrender Until the corners of the earth Defiant to the last breath Until there's none left standing No surrender 
wants you all to know that today is proof of evolutionary human design for war . There can be no such thing as peace on earth so long as we exist . 
There'll be no laughter , there'll be no tears , when tomorrow never comes . 
Das Auto hat kaltes Wetter sehr gern . Auch das Auto vereist nicht . 
Harvest < PROPFEMALE > 64 is where its at - Farmville is a weak attempt to steal an idea . 
is .. 
Trees are failing .. There's nothing up there .. Or maybe they're trying to escape ? 
saw a ghost but then it started raining ... 
\The end does not justify the means . No one’s rights can be secured by the violation of the rights of others . \ " -Ayn Rand- " 
has a resting heart rate 72bpm and nothing obstructing his airway . 
is currently synthesizing ATP while maintaining a positive nitrogen balance . Also trying to produce some ketones . 
has discovered fire . 
If you saw Atlas , the giant who holds the world on his shoulders , if you saw that he stood , blood running down his chest , his knees buckling , his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength , and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down on his shoulders—what would you tell him to do ? 
Earth Day is coming ! Hurry , everyone condemn that which makes your life possible !!! 
There may have been a rock over there .. 
is going to go punch a tree for the next couple hours followed by go-karts ! 
is updating his Facebook status . 
Assemblage 23 tomorrow night in Indy , $10 . Who wants to come along ? 
Friday nights are not conductive to fitness . 
6:30 am .. Car is cold-wont start . Need a new battery ... 
I stared into the void tonight ... The best dream I ever had . 
I swear , by my life and my love of it , that I will never live for the sake of another man , nor ask another man to live for mine . 
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life , and that happiness , not pain or mindless self-indulgence , is the proof of your moral integrity , since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values . 
A < PROPFEMALE > presupposes the possibility of action to achieve it ; action presupposes a goal which is worth achieving . 
\The world is perishing from an orgy of self-sacrificing . \"" 
\One can't love man without hating most of the creatures who pretend to bear his name . \"" 
The city streets are flooded with the rigidity of autonomy . 
Evil , not value , is an absence and a negation , evil is impotent and has no power but that which we let it extort from us . 
\Man is the only living species that has the power to act as his own destroyer—and that is the way he has acted through most of his history . \"" 
Why doesn't anyone I know sleep ? Are they all just scared of their dreams ? When they lay their heads down at night what are they haunted by ? 
Anaerobosaurus Flex 
Week 1 : Complete - 188lbs\ 
11 Weeks to go - Goal 176lbs 
Week 2 : Complete - 10 Weeks Left\ 
Getting Leaner . Starting Cardio this week . 
has a ticket for two on the swole train . 
Just shut my head in my car door ... How did I manage that you ask ? Low carbs , that's how . 
8.5 Weeks to go .. Starting to feel it . 
Carbohydrate is a fancy word for sugar . 
Does anyone have a PSP they wanna sell ? Mine is falling apart . 
I don't function well without carbs . 
is on the road to Sparta . I'm going home guys . 
6 weeks left ... Getting closer . 
Relinquish reason and follow your heart because love is blind and we are happier in the dark because feeling requires no effort - no thought . 
Neither life nor happiness can be achieved by the pursuit of irrational whims . Just as man is free to attempt to survive by any random means but not free to succeed at it beyond the range of the moment—so he is free to seek his happiness in any irrational fraud , any whim , any delusion , any mindless escape from reality , but not free to succeed at it beyond the range of the moment nor to escape the consequences . 
is sleeping in 20 minute intervals due to leg cramps . 
Force and mind are opposites . Reason ends where a gun begins . 
Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal . 
Without exercise , we are all doomed to obesity just as sure as we are all doomed to die . Genetics alone can not and will not prevent either outcome . 
It's amazing how the the human mind does not process the the fact I used the the word \the\ " twice each time in this sentence . " 
There's no promise of safety with these secondhand wings but I'm willing to find out what impossible means .. The melting point of wax means nothing to me .. 
What if every time you looked at old ladies onions fell out of their mouths ? 
Late night chicken boiling ! 
Whatever their future , at the < PROPFEMALE > of their lives , men seek a < PROPMALE > vision of man's nature and of life's potential . 
Ich habe Hunger . Jetzt solte ich essen . Wie fuer esse ich nicht ? 
Uh-oh ... caffeine induced hypo-glycemia ... 
Yesterday occurred , tomorrow shall . Today is present . 
is listening to The Black Mages and getting pumped . 
In tic-tac-toe its all about who goes first . There is one set way to win every time . The key is not to try to win because thats not up to you , that's a matter of who goes first . You cannot control that . The game becomes much more engaging if you strategically aim for a draw . 
What I want is to sail the cosmos with this planet as my vessel . Just as Mother did long ago . then one day we'll find a new planet and on it's soil we'll create a shining future . 
likes his friends . They help remind him that there can be great people in the world . 
Rationality is the recognition of the fact that existence exists , that nothing can alter the truth and nothing can take precedence over that act of perceiving it , which is thinking ... 
The cartoon character picture campaign is nothing more than a < PROPFIRST > on the back of your own moral ego . Don't get me wrong , cartoons are great but this effort to \raise awareness\ " or show that you do not support child abuse does nothing . " 
MR2 Fuel Pump = Dead\ 
Comanche = Not yet operational\ 
Weather = Cold\ 
\ 
I think this is going to be prove quite exciting . 
As of approximately 5:15 am this morning the MR2 is back up and running . 
Woot ! Brakes went out ! 
Mid-Rear Engined Rear wheel drive makes for a fun ride on snowy streets . 
Let it be known across the lands that the Comanche lives again ! 
\Man is a useless passion . \ " -Sartre- " 
Die Wetter heute ist spitze !! 
\Who do you < PROPFEMALE > the torch for my young man . Do you believe in anything ? Do you < PROPFEMALE > it around just to burn things down ? \"" 
is eating nearly raw steak and kimchi flavored ramen noodles . 
Soon we'll be living in the future . 
