Wishing you the best for 2011 . Hope this year is all that you pray its going to be . Happy New Years . God bless you and protect u all year long . 

RiSe Up ... rIsE uP .. RISE UP ... RISE UP ... ATL .. COM'ON AND stand up for the FALCONS .. LETS DO THIS .... 
THANK YOU TO THE atlanta FALCONS .... WE are behind you on you way to the SUPER BOWL ... 
OK aINTS .. WE will now match u ONE .... RiSe Up ... rIsE uP .. rise up .. RISE UP .. atl RISE FOR THE falcons .... 
Loving the president's pick for the next supreme court justice . Let's see what the republicans will bring up to stop her nomination . 
Waddup to all my friends in the military I just want to say that I am thinking bout all of you this memorial day weekend . Keep your heads up and know that we appreciate all that you do to keep us safe . Your courage and devotion should inspire all of us to be the best we can be even though we are not in the army . Again thank all of you for the work you do to keep us safe . 
Why am I up . It's 4:42 in the morning . 
Summer school is going to be such a beast . Wished I had made better decision when selecting my classes . Oh well , it's only 7 weeks of classes until 7:30 . Have to make the best of it . 
Life is interesting . God puts everyone in our lives for a reason . Find out what the purpose for you to be in someone's life is . Sometimes it is as simple as just listening or talking . It doesn't have to cost you anything . 
Sorry Boston fans it's just wasn't ment to be ........... 
Need some new study habits . Any suggestions ? 
Happy 4th of July everyone . God please keep us all safe as we celebrate our country's birthday . Thanks to all who fight for our freedom that makes this day possible . 
Had a good time with old Middle/high school friend from Greensboro . 
Way to go Justice < PROPFEMALE > Kagan . Looking forward to see the work you will provide to make our country a more perfect union . 
Had a great time at six flags and then dinner at Chow Baby . Overall a wonderful Sunday . Time to enjoy my break until school starts on the 23 rd . 
What happend to the basic family structure in society today ? Most mothers are left to be single parents . Fellas I ask you to please take care of your responsibility . It is not only the woman that laid down to make the babies , so why should she have to rasie the babies with out a pappie ? A father figure in a childs life is very important . Without one life can be a cold place for some kids ......... 
Is anyone good with computers ? I cant get my second laptop to connect to the internet via the router in my apt , but it will connect to an unsecured wifi . 
Passed both of my summer classes ... now on to the next ..... fall here I come ... 
Is it better to be hurt by love , or never be loved at all ? 
Bored trying to find something to do . 
First day of fall semester . 5 classes haven't taken this many classes at once since I left high school . 
If you precieve something differently than some and you are having a conversation with them and you tell them how you precive what they said , is that putting words in their mouth ? 
Everyone that is in your life is for a reason , once that reson is over they have the right to move on , but not until they have accomplished the purpose that they have been put in your life ..... If someone is linguring after they have accomplished they purpose , you need to nudge them out your life so taht you can move foward with your life .. Its time to get rid of the leaches so that you can be free ........ 
Life is like a road , sometimes you will come to a dead end , at that point you need to regroup and decide where to go next . Dont let the deadends stop you , they are there to make you stronger and build your character .. Life life to the fullest always .... 
GO PANTHERS !!!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > State University first ever football game ..... 
You can not be a believer without having faith . 
I have to agree that sometimes when I am listening to music , sometimes a few songs will come on back to back that really speaks to you ... has anyone else have this conclusions .. 
are we a product of our enviroment or are we a combination of all things that surronds us ? why does society try to dictate how we are suppose to live our lives when we are all different people .. if God truly created each of us in his own image and we are all different individuals , then why do we hate each other for being different and our own individual selves .. are u truly GODLY if u hate some for who they are ? 
Studing from my first intermediate accounting test . Prey for me to do good on it today\ 
at 5:30 .... 
Apple's IPhone and AT&T service sucks ........ expensive phone that cant get a signal to \ 
run at the phone's full capabilites . Now I havet been a customer since AT&T was BellSouth Mobility ... * Yea that was back in the day * , but it frustrates me that I cant used my phone freely even in my own apartment and I dont < PROPFEMALE > a home phone . 
sitting here thinkin of how Satan is always at work , but I know that GOD is more powerful and has a better plan ... Just need to keep having fait that at the end of the storm GOD always got my back ... 
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me . \ 
Being conent with life , not saying that you have to stay where u are , but know that he is with you always and even in your lowest points in life he will have your back ... If you have faith in GOD then he will give you the strength you need to move the highest mountain .. Keep pushing and keep having faith that this too shall pass .... 
Are you truly a friend , when U know that some1 is in need but U turn your back on them in their darkest hour ... If someone comes to U in their darkest hour and ask for your friendship , be it just a listening ear or word of encouragement don’t turn your back on them , especially if you profess that you are a Christian . 
Ok , most of you who really know me , know that I like politics ... with that said I would like everyone that is interested in whats going on this election season to start listening to NPR . I know its boring , but if you dont know what the Republicans are saying to their bast to get them motivated to vote , then you wont know why it is important to vote this elections . 
Repulicans are telling their base that if they win the midterm election they are going to IMPEACH Prez OBAMA . For those that are smart enough , you know that only the Senate can impeach a president , and from the < PROPFIRST > it is unlikely that this will happen . If you want to keep the first black president in office make the right choice and vote this November ...... EVERY VOTE COUNT .. REMEMBER 2000 ALWAYS .. 
**** Correction , the House can IMPEACH a president ***** sorry for miss information .. Even more of a reason to vote .... 
where is the dislike button ? 
Put the past in your rear view ... Let go and Let GOD to do his work .... 
bored and broke .. what is there to do ... no class tomorrow so weekend started ..... 
It is a small world .. how can i meet two friends in the same month that knows each other but they are from different states ... eventhough the world is huge , techonology has made it smaller ....... 
The devil use our independent spirt to block the blessings that you are expecting from GOD . If a friend , family member , cowork , or a complete stranger extends a hand in your time of need , dont let your PRIDE block both your blessings and the person who is provideing the blessing , blessings .. GOD comes in many different forms ... ALLOW HIM TO DO HIS WORK ... 
\Build network to gain Networth \"" 
The devil is always at work . Keep on pushing him out your way . Remember your first option is the right option . Choices is the devil at work and tryin to make you go down that road with him .... 
ok .. my new anthem song is beautiful by eminem ... 
Happy that I belive in GOD and knows that he is the only one that will not lie to me . Men lie , women lie .. GOD DON'T ...... 
Are we suppose to live in FEAR our entire life ? Think about it , if we don't fear then is life worth living ? 
com'on LIBRAS ... yall need to hurry up and get out of here ... ITS TIME FOR SCORPIOS TO PARTY ....... 
FYI ... early voting is now on in GA . This election we are selecting the new Governor . Our choices are < PROPFIRST > Barnes ( D ) and < PROPMALE > Deal ( r ) . This is a very impotant election and we need to make the right choice . If you are happy with where < PROPMALE > ( dummy ) Purdue got us , then please vote for another Dummy the lying < PROPMALE > Deal ... Also we choose a new senator this time .. 
the best thing you can do for yourself , is to make you happy ... 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer ! 
Anyone wants to come help me clean my Apartment ? 
I see FB changed the way messages are sent and recieved .. I like the new upgrade feels like IM more than emails .... 
Friendship is not a one way road ; but a two way highway with many curves . Most of all it takes everyone in the relationship to be accepting of change and ready for change when it comes . See , it is an equal balance of movement from everyone in the relationship to move in one squential move . 
People ... GET OUT AND VOTE !!!!!!! VOTE !!!!! VOTE !!!!! \ 
If you don't vote , u are part of the problem ; voting makes you part of the solution ! DON'T COMPLAIN if you DON'T VOTE ! 
Ok , I am finally getting excited . It's scorpio time . Let's party . Bday in 4 days . Which club will I have the most fun at ? Any suggestions 
One down ... Time for the LAKERS !!!!!! 
Please get out and VOTE November 2 . I know that the polls show Barnes behind , but if everyone get out and vote that can change . We need a change , we need a governor that will work for the people of this state . We need a governor that is for the city of Atlanta . Republicans hate the city and try to do everything to keep this city from being prosperous . 
If you are going to lay in bed with SATAN , please do it all the way so that those around you will know who you truly are .... . dont have time for fake people .. DELETE .... 
so you think your VOTE don't count ... remember 2000 and think of how different this country would be if GWBUSH didn't rig the elelction to go his way .. oh wait he did it again in < PROPFEMALE > and OH in the 2004 election but that time it was through economic policies that most of us are unaware of .. YES the good ol ' steel industry ...... PLEASE VOTE .. 
Please go out and VOTE ON NOV 2 .. yes the polls say that we are behind , but remember that they are calling only home phones for these research polls which is primarely older conserverative whites . If we go out and vote we can easily make that 5% into a . 5% win . WE NEED TO VOTE REGARLESS OF WHO U VOTE FOR .... GO OUT AND VOTE .. VOTE .... VOTE ... VOTE ... 
you voted in 2008 , why u not voting in 2010 ... was getting a black president more important than keeping our country from going to the wolves ? 
ok FB , which is worse ; being rejected or never being accepted in the first place ... let me know your thoughts ... 
Stand up and be counted . If you don't vote DON'T COMPLAIN ; I don't want to hear it . This is your opportunity to let your voice be heard . So go vote or just shut up and quite complaining . 
Happy veterans day to all of those that has taken the pledge to help keep our country safe no matter what the circumstance is . Your commitment is appreciated and respected . 
As the thanksgiving holiday is now in effect , please be-careful in your travels no matter how close or far . 
Wonders why God allows bad things to happen to good people ? 
God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down\ 
( Jesus Walks with me ) with me , with me , with me [ fades ] ...... Thank you kanye . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone on FB .... Hope you have a safe and wonderful day . Dont forget to give thanks for all that you have been giving .... love you all .... 
Capt . < PROPMALE > Woods , that was an excellent rebuttal against DADT . You are what is needed in the military . People who are committed to fight regardless of what the obstacle is . You are a great solider . 
Ok if you haven't seen the Xmas tree presented by < PROPFEMALE>'s at Lenox this year , it looks like they took the < PROPFIRST > Brown Xmas tree and raided it and then put it up ontop of < PROPFEMALE>'s . What a horrible tree . Seems like it get worse every year . Poor tree . 
Ok I must be the last person to figure this out ; or I could be completely wrong , but you can't copy someone else's status using iPhone . If I am wrong , please tell me how I can do this . 
Ok , two finals down one more to go on Saturday .. Got a 95 on my INTL Marketing exam ... 
Several people asked me how am I doing today ... Why I said OK , they responded why only okay .. I ask why can't someone be just OK and NOT good or great .. what you want me to lie to you ? Really , I am doing okay cause you cant help me to get to good , so just let ok be the answer .. damn ... 
Ok I keep hearing bout this number game , but where u get the person's number from ? Call me dumb , you are probably right , but I don't care ...... Lol 
To all the graduated of GSU fall 2010 class , congratulation on your success . Being a student at GSU , I know how hard you worked for your degree and if I am ever in a position to help any of you , please believe be I will . Good luck on your next chapter in this book call life . 
tryin to decide if I am going to < PROPFEMALE > , Europe or United Arab Emirates .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas to everyone . I hope everyone gets what they wanted . 
This year is ending on a good note hopefully the good fortune follows me into 2011 . So happy to have some really great friends in my life that is always supportive and finds ways to encourage me or just to listen to me ramble on about stupid things . Thanks for everything . 
who ever said \it will be a cold snowy day in hell b4 < PROPMALE > NO Deal becomes govenor\ " has gotten their wish .......... ITS SNOWING in ATL ...... " 
Felt like a little Kid this morning watching tv to see if school is closed , eventhou I knew it was closed since 8:30 last night via VM from GSU ... yeaaah snow day .. 
Ok , why did the new zodiac only give Scorpios 7 days ... I went from a Scorpio to a Virgo and Libra ... WTF ??? 
for my I-PHOne users , I need help ... had to restore my phone this morning , do I need to download all my apps all over or is there a way I can upload them from I-tunes ????????? 
<-------- Loves the concept of the I phone , but hates that it is not very user friendly .... 
ok time for class ... first day back and already cant wait for it to be over .......... Wish everyone who is in school good luck this semester ..... 
Wish I was in Washington DC right now . 
You are either in my life for a reason , season or a life time . While facebook allows u to be on my friend list ; you may not be a friend you may be laying dormant until your purpose is accomplished or until God tells me that you are no longer relevant in my life . My life is going in a different direction . 2011 is a year of changes after a year of hell that 2010 was this feels good . 
Funny how God works . People that was in my life 9 to 10 years ago are now coming back into my life . Did I take the wrong turn 10 years ago , guess I will have to see what's the purpose of this renewal of friendships is all about . Not mad at all cause somethings are becoming very clear with each old and new people that are in my life . 
Forgiveness is something we all need to be able to doing . Accept the lord and savior Jesus Christ and forgive those that is hindering you from being the person God needs you to be . Yes it is hard to do , but it is only beneficial for your prosperity no one else . Be bless everyone 
While letting go of the past is hard , it is a necessary in your quest in making the next step . 
So , on < PROPFEMALE > dude got on shorts and t-shirt and a big ass leather jacket ...... WTF 
so got to school and then spilled coffee all over my white shirt .... day starting on wrong foot and got two exams ... 
Guess it's one of dem days ...... Woke up the water was shut off due to water main break . Go out side to go to the store tire is flat . Driving down the street .... now this bitch done hit my car ....... Can something please go right today . \ 
\ 
Car and me both okay . Just irritated right now . 
<---- feels trapped . Wish it would all end . 
Why u get upset when I give u advise but when I leave u to make your own decisions you get mad cause u need help . WTF ? Want yo cake and eat it . 
At < PROPFEMALE > enjoying myself . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ! 
Love it when I see black men taken care of their responsibility . Riding < PROPFEMALE > today and saw this man with his son and daughter on the train . Their interaction reminded me of why I wished I knew my father ( god bless his soul ) . It also reminded me of how blessed I am to see a son smiling and expressing himself to his father . 
We are suppose to learn from our past not live in our past . 
Leggo .... first day of spring . 
So blessed right now . God knows he got my back . 
Why am I at taco cabana at 1:30 in the morning ? 
It's spring time . Look around and you will see new growth all over the place . Are you changing/growing like u suppose to ? 
Isn't life interesting ! Don't try to relive your past ; You're missing out on what's going on right now . Enjoy today as it will never be a day like today again . 
So ready for a change to happen . Tired of being in this rut . God please help through this darkness . I know there is light at the end of the tunnel , just wish I could see it . 
Ok , don't know how many people read their horoscope , but several of mine has been real accurate . Today mine said that I need to let frustration out , well I have . I may loose a friend over it , but what I had to say needed to be said . Let go and let God do this work . Again , I put it in the hands of God for he is the only one that can judge me . 
So I am dreaming ? I am lost ... Did this just really happen ? Is life really that precious ? Wow here today gone next second . Oh lawd why ? You promise that she will be okay . Why you had to take her from us ? She had her whole life ahead of her . I would trade place if I could . I will miss u miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Please prey for < PROPFIRST > and his mother . They gave suffered a great loss . No one will ever replace a sister or daughter . While you have gone on to be with the Lord , know that we will never be the same without you in our lives . We love you and will forever miss you . 
