2010 I'm so glad to be over you .. oh hello there 2011 , how are you , shall we ?? 

I want pizza I want breakfasts , I want Mexican , I want pasta , let's just say id be well off in an all you can eat buffet ... top that < PROPMALE > ! 
I can't hardly wait to snuggle my snugglies , my home is clean , \ 
im sad that there are no toys laying around for me to trip over or puddles of spilled juice 
misses my babies . thursday and friday i always look forward to during the week , but once its here , i feel lost . boo for thursdays and fridays , bring my babies home pretty please 
has a cold/fever/ear infection <333 how do i get so lucky ?? 
So < PROPMALE > puts a restraining order against me ( for glaring at him ) , then he tried to steal Marlee , he manages to gets me 86ed from Islands , all the while Marlee suffered 102 fever an ear infection , where are his priorities ???? god honestly . too boot , Treston has Streap Throat , oh its never a dull moment , or silence .. 
is off schedule as of Tomorrow ! :((( ( sad day ) but < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > are letting me pick up shifts if you want a DAY off call/txt me ... night shifts are harder for me to be able to work , but id try ... thanks TR'ers <33 you 
woke up cryin from a bad dream , i was 13 and it was christmas morning ..... what a horrible memory ... it was < PROPFEMALE > vu ... i think i dreampt it because i watched that show parenthood before bed .. made me really sad 
got bit on my finger by a spider the other day , its now covered up in what looks like hives ... my fatt finger is super gross looking , oh btw heres your food :P sir , sheez 
3000$ in too deep with this custody battle , adios hopes for a new car , peace out tax return , goodbye Vegas . At least I went and got my own place out of all this ... its so home . <33 and now I'm officially done with < PROPMALE > the plan is laid , it blows but its finally over . 
< PROPMALE > ... this show is addictive . Xoxo < PROPFIRST > C . Hall .. from six feet under to this , brilliant . 
Streaming netflix = amazing 
Just got off an 11hr shift , turn around and be back to open at 745 for a 9hr shift , ugh . 43hrs on my 4th day of work , have made prolly a grand though . Bartending . The perks . :( 
Marlees first birthday sucsessful . Thanks for makin it out all :) 
If the boy heeds you , you go :) 
McDonald's you've smelt so good , Im sure to regret you in an hour . 
Ive been trying to read the same paragraph for the last 50 minutes .. studying with kids - not happening ! 
Thank you my bestest friend in all the world Heidie Miller <3 you ... Cant wait for Nates phone to get here ... thank you thank you thank you !! you two are best ever ! 
passed my finals at 95% goodbye classroom , see you next quarter 
Has an Interview with Kadlec Regional Rehabiltiation center ... sweet 
I am young by Coconut Records <3 this song , it belongs in a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > film 
I miss serving , or just the TR .. <3 
off work at 7 tonight ! kinda want to go see a movie or just get out and do somethin later , call/txt me if your down ! 
my 4 year old son constantly wants to play the Wii its driving me crazy .. any suggestions on what kind of hand held game i could buy him ??? is a PSP too much ?? 
TODAY ::: was peed on ... had an older lady throw a punch at me .. met some really cool old people , ran RAN ran my ass off . THIS job is really HARD work , but I <3 every minute ... 
I need to practice Blood Pressures , who's volunteering ?? 
scrap that its all about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , cleaning my pace , doin laundry .. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I .. 
procrastination : having entire week off of school . Doing my homework in the parking lot 25 minutes before class 
I'm taking wood 
goin kayakin with olberding .... yay 
went into Trestons room this morning to help him dress and he was singing < PROPFIRST > Cash ring of fire by himself no music playing ... it made me tear up .. my son is so frickin awesome 
anybody wanna head to walla walla on the 1st with me to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?? 
wow , bein lied to is really not a warm and fuzzy feeling .. it actually kinda pisses me off . Pfft . I seriously loath and hate the TC . 
I have amazing friends ! <3 them 
me , < PROPFEMALE > and my bottle of jager .. makin it a blockbuster movie night .. Just got a CNA job in home care out at Canyon Lakes ... school has paid itself off .. <3 my life ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > gets the job too .. Yay .. 
facebook needs a dislike button . And I'm in need of a tattoo . 
rented the will ferrell < PROPFIRST > w . HBO stand up . Was hilarious . Makes me miss oldschool SNL 
ACCOMPLISHMENT - I've spent the last 2 hours on my couch personalizing all my ringtones for every single individual on my phone . Everyone's got their own Me First and The Gimme Gimmes song .. ( there's well over 150 ppl in my phone book , I've been bored ) 
SUNDAY funday !!! yay 
Who needs cable , when Hulu is free 
< PROPMALE > nuget 
Amazing day with the babies at the fair .. Goodbye < PROPMALE > nuget . Thanks for the movie night < PROPMALE > . Thanks for the butt load of money cable bridge casino . 
< PROPFEMALE > that was beautiful and warmed my heart . You know me all to well . I love u . 
< PROPFIRST > Grimm 
peanut butter cookies 
football season . Here we go again 
The average person is going to occasionally find themselves caught in the rain . 
has been awake since 3am .. thanks Marlee <3 but i finished reading a book I borrowed ^_^ 
Saints !!!! 
I can't hardly wait to see your face 
at best buy sellin the Clear .. bump into \ 
< PROPFIRST > ..! he goes out to his car , brings back a huge order of Potato\ 
Skins for the Best Buy employees ??? wtf .. < PROPFIRST > \ 
just drives around with Party Platters in his car ?? 
ive gotta find a sitter FAST tonight ???? anytakers ??? pretty please I'll gift you my kidneys 
today was a very stressful day for some reason . I had to make appearances all over town , when all i wanted was to sink into my couch . Its been long enough .. ( hello mr. Jager , its sure been awhile ) making dinner and rented movies !! xoxo the simple life !! 
Americas Got Talent --- < PROPFIRST > Grimm !!!!! 
my schedule Thurs thru Sundays ( every week ) - 11am-7pm @best buy 7:30 pm til 2:30 am @Rock Reactor everyday .. feel free to bring me coffee anytime .. I WILL need it !!! 
30 minute push then I'm outta here away from all these smelly boys at BB . Gunna be behind the bar by 830 .. Thanks everyone for commin out and supportin us .. See you soon ! 
ah netflix .. finally . Ive been waiting all week for a night with you . 
I totally forgot .. anyone know when the TC tattoo convention is ?? 
needs to find an outfit to rock at the Grand Opening of Rock Reactor .. oh my oh my what to wear ???? 
So Rock Reactors is pretty much officially ex boyfriend reunion basically . Amazing . Bet them boys wish they didn't cheat on me now .. Can I get your number , pffft NO no thanks . 
you , me , candles , a bottle of wine , and bacon 
i NEED mongolian 
my poor hands tore up from poppin those bottles .. i need to remember to wear a ring to work .. 
There's somethin rediculously hot about a guy who knows his country music , metal and punk rock . 
< PROPMALE > and I totaled out my death trap . Which wasn't unfortunatr after all . I'm goin car shopping . Progressive paid it off . Good times < PROPMALE > 
uh no NO no thanks facebook please don't recommend i be friends with my exes new girlfriend ! 
tonight was such a migraine ! stupid drunk people , stupid idiot servers , stupid Skanks everywhere , very decent band however .. so glad its finally Saturday mon tues weds off .. thank god 
Jeans and my tank top .. Throw out the long sleeve dress shirt and slacks for my weekend . Feels refreshing 
I just bought a < PROPFEMALE > 
Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > I'm the captin of the slag smacking 
I miss Serving more than anything .. I miss restaurants 
It takes a bartender maybe 4 seconds to make a drink .. it takes a server about 35 to an hr to wait a table . Why do ppl tip their bartender 1-10$ for a single drink and tip their server $4-7 on 60$ ???? this does not make sense to me , please explain . 
I miss my squishy .. :( 
would be so much easier and faster if I simply went for my Medical Assistant . < PROPFEMALE > 
Ciggerette , coffee and incubus .. A true moment of peace and quite . 
:( 
holy crap .. ive had a toothache all night and day .. so i left Best Buy to grab my bottle of Vicodin from home .. popped it and now Best Buy is spinning and I cant stand up .. i dont know if i like this ... but my mouth feels amazing .. 
When i think of who i would be and where i would be right now .. if i was still with someone , It makes me laugh .. oh yes , there are worse things than being alone !!! ive truly enjoyed myself this year !!! amazing people , memories and finally most importantly a happy family .. thank god for friends good advise 
haha !! ( evil laugh ) i think court went amazing !! 
Four days until I get my Evo , only four more days .. <3 
since im so effin amazing at my job , and I'm the BEST Clear Rep EVER . my boss is letting me off 3 hrs early tomorrow to take the babies Trick or Treating ... and awesomely i'll still get paid for the 3 hrs im gone ... sweet ! 
i saw some pretty awesome costumes last night !!! boys seem to look alot hotter when their faces are covered up !! lol 
im in <3 with my evo .. we've spent every minute together holding each other close . 
So my boss just lost his job ... I'm his only employee .. what happens now 
Ha last night was glorious . I was on fire like literally . I love when < PROPFEMALE > bartends 
Weekend <3 
a perfect Sunday .. wake up eat breakfast with the babies .. send their asses to school . get a hair cut , wax my brows , get anchored , eat lunch with < PROPFEMALE > pick up the babies .. netflix , pizza hut ..? hmmm yes . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I've been good this year .. all i want for christmas is for you to get all the toys on Treston and Marlees wish list , oh yea that would be pretty awesome ! 
I guess I'm bartending at the reactor tonight ... come downtown and keep me busy ... 
And so , the work week begins .... balls . 
This is not ideal . But we've got to make the best out of the snow situation ... whos got a car to spin out on in the parking lots ??? 
Reactor tonight anyone ??? Ill be bartendin from 6 til 11 .. come keep me company . 
I absolutely <3 the Fantastic Mr. Fox 
Today is probably goin to be the worst and best day of my life . Im going to make a lot of money today in the 20+ hrs . No pressure 
I'm gonna throw up or passout maybe both . 
I feel lonely 
... so there's this boy . 
The news says 10000 ppl in Washington are living with HIV/AIDS . uggh .. NO thanks 
Read the book Eat Love Pray decision was it so wise , suiting and intelligent that I must watch the movie ... was not disappointed . 
Was just in the ladies room at best buy , this older lady just dropped a duce and didn't even bother flushing knowing there was a waiting line . Gross . 
< PROPMALE > <3 
Woke up to a Storm today . To weather it out or look for a new job ... 
Off work dead tired , unfortunatly I work in 8 hours and can't sleep , watching Almost Famous eatin the top < PROPMALE > ( simple pleasures in life ) 
Trans Siberian Orchestra <3 
Christmas came early for marlee and treston .. two very happy kids , my Christmas is complete . 
Treston and I are gunna watch Narnia and Gulliver's Travels today .. 
It's not called babysitting when you spend time with your own child . Some parents should never have been allowed to procreate 
A best friend will push you down a flight of stairs , for your own good . <3 you < PROPFEMALE > 
once upon a time i had no tattoos . ( weird ) 
So it totally feels like it totally sucks that I have to bartend on new years , but really <3 its all about next weekend leahs bday wkend event !!! 
Nobody be an idiot and get dui's tonight .!. 
Oh all right the snugglies have been home 4 hrs and I'm already pullin my hair out ... this is <3 
Remember when dairy < PROPFEMALE > made nerds blizzards , I'm totally craving one . If I brought them a box of nerds would they make me one ?? 
Treston and I started a 300 piece puzzle , 15 minutes in he's bored and playin his Wii , I'm obsessed with finishing this puzzle . Haha I <3 having a 5 year old . 
Oh what a fever ... :'( 
Dude , the foo fighters are playin sasquatch ... now I really wanna go 
Movie with Treston , then Hubbys pizza tonight , topped off with DQ ice cream brownie fudge chocolate cake .... what a perfectly planned day !!!! 
I am one hell of a butler 
Im pretty sure this is throat cancer .. dont ask me to use my voice , it hurts . 
what is the purpose of being poked or poking here on FB I don't understand . 
Sharies : round two tonight , with much more appreciated company than earlier tonight . 
:'( I feel regret and I am awful ... I really really really dont want to come out of my hermit shell . DND . 
Needs to find and train a Clear Rep to replace me at Best Buy ... anybody ?? 
So addicted to this \find it\ " picture app . Can't get off the couch or my phone . DND . " 
My hours are chop sui , not complaining to much , I'm a freebee today , kids are off , just got paid , and a day to myself .. yay 
