has a beard named < PROPFIRST > . Your argument is irrelevant . 

remembers a few things that seemed like such good ideas at the time , but ... 
Thunder and lightning and rain . who could ask for a better night ? 
is chillin ' at JAFAX , showing anime for the cool peeps . 
JAFAX went well , glad to have been of service to my fellow con-goers . 
Anybody have good carpentry skills ? I need assistance with a project of mine . 
is heading to the beach with his homies today . not sure what time , but by golly he'll be down there . 
knows exactly what's wrong with is body now . But the doctors have no idea what causes it . 
isn't sure where his head is at these days . he seems to have lost it again . 
needs a cuddle . 
just can't seem to remember . 
Cut his hair yesterday 
is full of meh . 
Tomorrow's my birthday , an ' I'm feelin ' alright . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . Chillin ' on vacation , see y'all when I get back . 
I'm home , everybody . 
tired ... bored ... 
getting ready for finalhaven . midnight , hurry up ! 
Hey , everyone who was at winterhaven ! If you wre around Nick/Dani or Amanda/Dizzy , you might wanna watch your health for a bit . 
Blargh . feeling sick and bored out of my skull 
Just wondering where everybody went lately . 
Fuck Charter Communications . 
< PROPMALE>'s brain is fried . call back later . 
Pooper scooper and ketchup chunks . 
Seriously , if someone's gonna be a parent , they need to stop acting like a child . Any parents out there , please , be responsible . 
Did anyone hear of anything actually happening with the tsunami ? not just in Hawaii , I mean like , anywhere ? 
Everyone . Go outside . Today is beautiful ! 
Dammit . Hard decisions are hard . 
Boredom . I has it . 
Turtle power . 
Awake FAR before my time ... blargh . 
So ... tired ... 
I HATE the secretary of state . 
Ergh ... so much for an awesome day . 
Ugh . Up far too early for the time I went to bed . 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Do it . 
Boom , headshot . 
* Fizzle * \Hammer-tech ? \ " \ " Yeah ... \"" 
A fantastic weekend followed by a night of rest . 
Passed my road test today . Gonna be legal ! eff yeah ! 
Going out to the Serenity Larp , here's hoping I don't die . 
Life is good . 
First day of the new job . It's cool , but damn am I tired . 
Screw the social security system . They are awful bastards and Apparently if you want their help you either have to fully depend on them , or you OWE them money . 
Can't wait for thursday . 
Just one of those nights ... 
Today was fantastic . I wish i didn't have to go home so often ... 
This is the best day I have had in years . Life is hard , but damn if it didn't just get better . I have something now that I haven't felt in a very long time : Hope . 
You know those days where you just want to kick something small and cute ? 
My phone is no longer of use . No more texts , calls , etc . to my cell until I get a new one . Can't say I'll miss this thing . I'll let people know when I get the new number . Toodles , or something . 
Gah , home sick from work . Everyone , stay away ! Plague ! Plaaaaaaaague ! [ I have a bad cold >.> ] 
Well , I just got fucked over . Won't be moving out in time . Thanks , < PROPMALE > . 
Nevermind that last one , alls well . Miscommunication was all . 
I owns me a truck . Woo ! 
Anyone who was previously chatting with me , I apologize , FB is being dumb . message me if you like . 
chillin ' on night watch for the ren fair . come down tomorrow to GVSU . watch us do stuff . 
blah ... so bored . put a part in the polisher , repeat . repeat . repeat . 
Rain , lightning , thunder and ... sunshine ? Gotta love Michigan . 
Fml ... why can't it be 4 o'clock yet ? Someone cast Haste on the clock , would ya ? 
off to the junkyard . woohoo -_- 
eff this truck . 
ugh ... so ... tired ... 
dammit . 45 minutes before work gets out and I get driven to the medi-center 
winter haven : holy crap , what and event . thanks everyone , for really giving me a good time . 
just officially got his very own apartment . So excited ! 
so , the transformer outside the shop damn near blew up . fun stuff . 
first night in the new apartment . somebody , come < PROPFEMALE > with me ! 
finally got some good sleep . 
this weekend better turn out much more pleasant than it's prologue . 
what an event ... so much fun . so little sleeeeeep . 
are ya kiddin' ? I just got spam from KANAR ... LARPers , does this happen to you ? 
holy crap , got my futon . comfiest couch ever . 
Argh . Bad day is bad . 
it is quickly and steadily becoming one of those days -_-; 
Thank God for good friends . 
thanks < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Mikey for hanging out tonight . I really needed a night with the guys . 
so yeah ... bored as hell and lonely . someone text , call , or just show up at my door . 
off to Rennie thanksgiving , then < PROPFEMALE > wars rp . * is excited * 
< PROPFEMALE > wars saga edition : pretty darn fun . 
Here lies everything ... the world I wanted at my feet , my victory's complete ... so Hail to the < PROPMALE > . 
Argh , you bastards ... stop endangering yourselves ! I like my friends better when they're not broken . Effin ' stoppit . 
Good food , good family , good times . happy thanksgiving , all ! 
I miss my high school friends . I never hear from you people anymore . 
FML 
mmm ... chemicals ... 
argh ... sore . need sleep . want cuddles . 
walk half an hour through the cold to work , just to find myself sweeping the ENTIRE shop today . Eff my day . 
Chillin ' at the GVSU library , back towards the cafe . Rennies , random friends , feel free to drop by and bug me . Should be here at bit longer . 
well , first mercs event went off without a hitch , had a blast out there and can't wait to get into some armor . 
100 degree fever , vomiting , diarrhea , and muscle pain beyond anything I have felt before . Fuck yeah . 
grargh ... still sick to my stomach ... when does it end ?! 
shouldn't let Kat steal his phone . 
so damn bored ... need 4:00 to happen sooner . for a multitude of reasons . 
the opposite of war isn't peace ... it's creation ! - Rent . 
Hmmm ... perhaps I should invest in a cd player/stereo for work ... my corner of the shop has no music on at all today . Anyone have an old cd player they'd be willing to part with for a few dollars ? 
I think that waiting for paychecks and the end of the work week actually slows down the passage of time . care to confirm , folks ? 
gonna be an interesting day . 
well , glad to be home . ready to get my nightly five hours , and off to work again . 
I was just reading a bunch of status updates on here , and I realized something . a lot of the people I know are incredible pessimists who really need to take a breath of fresh air . someone give me something to smile about , eh ? 
I have realized that I am a sucker for backstory and plot in general . 
this day is quickly proving to be ' one of those Mondays . ' 
got home from the winter 1-day Final Haven . Tired as hell , but had a blast . Thanks everyone for good fun and good company ! 
I think this day is absolutely cursed . if I could , I would end it immediately and move on to tomorrow . 
wow . whole shop scheduled for 10 hours OT fri . don't let anyone fool you , the economy is on the upswing . 
a good day . 
sleepy . need a nap . and after that , some rp , maybe . feeling starved of it . 
So , people . What is your take in this jerusalem ' ufo ' 
Ahem . So , people . what is your take on this Jerusalem ' UFO ' , and do you think it could be related to the strange deaths of large groups of fish and birds recently . Feel free to debate intelligently . 
gonna be a good day . 
I really hate it when I have a good idea and people refuse to see any upsides to it because it's not what they want to do . 
I may , in fact , be a robot . 
Red One : standing by . 
my day would be infinitely better if it were 4:00 already and I had more parts done . 
so ... bored . somebody , give me something interesting to think about . 
where is prickett's in muskegon ? 
Strait Jacket : awesome band . look em up , folks . you might even friend them here on facebook . 
