Here's to a new year and new beginnings . 

To all of my friends and family , I am now engaged to a wonderful man and plan to be married June 26 . I am truly blessed . 
Spending the afternoon inside out of the cold . This is snuggling weather ! 
Feeling a little better , let's see if I can get what I need to accomplished . Did a walk thru of my home yesterday - it's gorgeous ! Can't wait to get in it . Kept me up most of the night arranging furniture & decorating . 
Really troubled , having hard time making a decision . 
I must be really weird because the \What movie is your life\ " quiz stalls every time I take it . Anyone wanna give any input ? " 
Too many things to list them all ! 
I am on the road to freedom , not much longer now . 
I got to see my grandbabies , it's was wonderful . They are so special . Looking forward to many more . 
Happy 4th y'all . What a great day to celebrate freedom ! 
Relaxing , enjoying the memories of yesterday and looking forward to the freedom of tomorrow . 
Monday's are bad enough afternoon a 2 day weekend , but 3 it's a nightmare . I think I'll start taking off the day afternoon a 3 day weekend ! 
I feel so free and relieved . The heavy burden I've been carrying is lifted . 
Well , divorce papers filed , just have to wait to get papers back so I can get a date . 
Gonna take care of business and then relax and enjoy peace and quite ! 
The peace of solitude should never be underrated 
I feel like I'm in heaven ! 
Had a migraine all day , done everything can think of , any suggestions ??? 
Going away for a weekend , all by myself . Time to get to know myself , it's a shame that it's taken so long . 
The true value of success is measured in happiness and contentment . 
Oh what a weekend . Nothing accomplished as well sick with an intestinal virus - heaven only knows where I picked it up at ! 
Typical Monday , psycho-ward . As the week progresses so shall the craziness ! God be merciful . 
Life is so awesome when you feel free and alive ! 
Off to a weekend by myself , my own private get away . Time for me to reflect , deflect and inspect my life and start the new path I am on . 
Despite it being Monday , I have had a great day and each day I feel free . I'm gonna spread my wings and fly ! 
Life gives , life takes away - our strength is determined in the way we handle things . 
Going out for dinner tonight , wow what an experience for me ! 
Awesome day , even more awesome night . For the moment , life is so good . 
Strife begats determination . Determination begats < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > begats wisdom . Wisdom begats believing . Believing is the cornerstone of life . 
What an awesome night , had so much fun - I'm alive again !!! 
Life has such a way of making so appreciate the good and let go of the bad , that is when we are in tune to it ! 
Life is so sweet , at least for the time being - maybe , just maybe , it will stay this way . Enough of the old , forward with the new 
What a wonderful night , but payback today 
Getting ready for a big night out on the town but first have to go check out my five acres - God is so good ! 
I've been too busy spending time enjoying myself to get on facebook . Living life , living large . Oh , bye-bye to new home , but that's ok , everything happens for a reason & it's only temporary 
In Gainesville , having the time of my life ! it feels so good to be happy again . 
Has the greatest boyfriend ever . Home grown NC country boy . God knew just when , just where . 
Just heard sad news , my sister needs a liver transplant , if she's healthy enough to qualify . I'm 3rd in line to be a donor if she needs it . 
Busy weekend ahead but much needed , I finally have a life ! It will be a mixture of fun , relaxation and happiness . I wish everyone else the same ! 
What a weekend ! Lots of fun with friends and family . Only one thing left and it would be perfect . 
Had an incredible weekend !!! 
Life is so good , and enjoying ( almost ) every minute of it . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Waiting for my sweetheart to come over for dinner , candlelight and dancing . 
Happy New Year all !!!! Here's to a wonderful 2011 , may it be the best year ever ! 
Spent the first day of my new year with a couple of awesome old friends , and met some new ones :) A really good start I say :) 
Off work til Tuesday - awesome ! 
White :) 
Last day of vacation , fun while it lasted :( 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
WITHOUT GOD our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday , Seven days without God - Makes one Weak ! ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status . ) 
Oh , wow , what a day ! I'm surprised my head is still on my shoulders . Oh , wait a minute ...... 
Change your mind once - ok . Change your mind twice , shame on me . Change your mind thrice , shame on you . 
Good morning all - up and at um ;) 
no longer has any kids living at home . Slowly getting used to it . 
loves rainy days . It's great for snuggling with my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is coming into her own 
is making lemonade 
is taking care of business , ya know - doing the budget , paying bills , sending out resumes , etc . 
is one very blessed woman :) 
< PROPFEMALE > 
has finished tonight's business . Time to relax with Ghost Whisper , someone very special's got me hooked :) 
is cooking dinner for her < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is marching to the beat of a different drum and loving it :) 
is getting stuff done . Browsing Monster . Com to see if any jobs are available in Gainesville that I qualify for . 
is watch the Super Bowl , snuggle with < PROPFIRST > her love and Mr. Houdini her < PROPFEMALE > . 
Home alone tonight :( I'm spoiled . 
is blah and hates its ! 
wishes everyone a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!!! 
is getting things in order . 
is home alone . Hummmmmmmm ? 
has decided that her values definately are not anyone elses . 
chicken wings , yum ............... 
is truly a blessed woman ! 
up and ready to get the day started :) It's going to be mid 60's and gorgeous ! 
has had a great day ! 
off work today , don't know how to act ! Picked out wedding ring , it's gorgeous . So excited ! 
loving the weather . High of 74 . No humidity . No rain . All sunshine . PERFECT !! 
Off to Tampa for the weekend ! 
has spring fever ! Ready to get on up and out of this place :) 
has the most beautiful babies !! ( Even though they are grown now :) 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt if necessary ) then copy and post this ...... 
just found out her son is going to Afganastan the end of the year . Very sad ! 
feeling like a chipmunk after dental surgery :/ 
wishin ' < PROPFEMALE > a Happy , Happy Birthday . Two years old today ! 
Chores done . Time to relax :) 
Weekend almost over , never lasts long enough ! 
the greatest joy in the world is being a mom :) 
Peace , quiet and a glass of wine spells Heaven :) 
Gotta love my kids ! :) :) :) 
awesome day for our cook out : 0 Gonna be lots of fun !! 
Just shy of 7 weeks , not long now and I will married to the greatest man in the world ! 
HAPPY MOM'S DAY TO ALL MOM !!!!!!!!! ESPECIALLY TO THE VERY SPECIAL MOTHER'S OF MY GRANDBABIES :) 
PS : Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
SORRY NEVER SAYS IT ALL ! 
heart is breaking and it's her own fault . 
Goldschlager 
called off the wedding , but is not happy about it . 
feels lost 
Hanging with teenagers all weekend . 
Home alone - peace and quite for a few anyways . 
now for a real one , hehe . I've lost about 5lbs in the last week . How's that for good news ! 
life is way to short to be anything but happy ! 
My nephew < PROPFIRST > now has a male friend - the player :) 
has learned a lot about herself today , both good and bad :) 
has decided it's another Goldschlager night ! Oh , yeah ! 
wisdom for the day - work out your problems , don't run from them . 
spending the day with teenager .......... no wonder my hair is turning gray lol 
has most definitely had better days :( 
calling down the clans from the hills . You know who you are , you know where you are needed ! 
only happy thought is castration ! 
fell down on the job of protecting her chick :( 
sometimes no matter what you do , it's never enough :( 
those things that don't break you only serve to make you stronger . Hold your head high and keep on keepin ' on :) 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is the best daughter ever ! 
knows that beginnings are scarry , endings are usually sad so live for the in between 
too much too do today when I really just want to relax - ughhhhhhhh 
if you want honesty , just ask me ! 
has a monster migraine , needs to go away so can go to work :( 
Happy Father's Day to all those great dad out there ! < PROPFIRST > - you are a great dad and I love you son - a very special Happy Daddy's Day to you :) 
is spending a special day with her girls ....... and relaxing ..... only 1 week til on vacation ... woo hoo ...... 
not all of us have a dad - so today is a good dad to adopt one :) My adopted dad is Demes Kilby Sr. :) 
planning her private getaway :) 
Vacation starts at 5pm - can you say oh yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
first day of vacation , up at 5am - what up with that - maybe just the excitement of it all :) Lot's to do to create my \secluded little getaway\ " . Then chillaxin ' time starts ........ " 
cows grazing in my front yard - that's the life ! Hopefully they don't leave me any presents though :) 
ahhhhhhhhhh , rest ..... relaxation ....... sigh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HEAVEN !!!!!! 
.. the thunder rolls ......... the lightning strikes ...... 
2:00 pm has come and gone ........... today would have been my wedding day .... some things just do not turn out as planned :( 
up early ready to start day 2 of vacation ...... so far so good chillaxin .......... :) 
in my difficulties I will look for opportunities ........ 
typical Florida weather , you can set your watch by it ....... time for thunder and lightning .... no satellite signal so a good book will have to do ... 
nothing like the sound of rain on a tin roof for a great night's sleep . Gotta love the country life :) 
might can take the girl from the country , but you'll never be able to take the country from the girl ;p 
day 3 of vacation , getting some things accomplished , hardest of all - learning to relax - lol . All work and no play has made < PROPFEMALE > a really dull girl :) 
when life knocks you down , get back up and punch it in the face !!!!!!! 
Round one - knocked down but not out . Got back up for round two . 
enjoying my vacation :) 
vacation has been awesome and well needed . Amazing just hanging at home and relaxing and taking some time to be ... 
loves the way when one door closes , God always opens another . Now , I just have to learn to be patient and wait - :) 
painting Rayla's room , getting ready to paint mine ... gonna paint bathrooms .. all in all vacation has been a success :) 
I\ 
PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE\ 
REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY\ 
AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( IN GOD WE TRUST ) REPOST IF U THINK GOD ; OUR \ 
COUNTRY AND FLAGDESERVE RESPECT .... LETS SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL\ 
REPOST 
needs to learn when it's time to just give up :( 
only two days left before returning to work ...... what shall I do with them ???? 
well , I've gone for two short walks , watched a movie , helped with Rayla's room - may be time to read my book since it looks like rain ............... 
I am who I am , I've tried being someone else and I don't like it - so back to being me :) All I asked is to be accepted for me ...... 
everybody needs somebody sometime ............ 
vacation's over , back to work for this woman !!! 
woke up to cows grazing on in my yard - this is true country life :) 
getting ready for my date day , oh yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had a wonderful evening with a wonderful man . 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s nuptial's then to Gainesville for some fun and relaxation :) 
when all else fails , pray , pray , pray ~ ~ ~ ~ 
back to the drawing board :) 
Curious to see .................. 
so many reasons to be thankful .......... 
August 3 . It's been 35 years Momma . I miss you just as much today as I did then and I can't wait til that long awaited day when I will see you again :'( 
Off to the Grape Stomp Festival at Still Pond Vineyards in Arlington , GA - ya'll come !!! Gonna be a weekend of relaxin ' and fun - oh , yeah :) 
Had a blast in Ga ! Oh , and bought the most beautiful celtic knot gourd bowl ! I think I may have found myself a new hobby LOL 
wonders why it feels like the days of stress on unending ................ 
Making my bucket list - first on the list - ZIP LINING ! 
Busy day with Rayla at the doctor's office , whoever said no news is good news ? Still no answer for what's causing her pain . 
It's official - we're moving !!! 
Gonna go out for the evening with my sweet man :) 
Moving on the 9th , so excited - Jacksonville , here I come !!!! 
Having a good time with my love and enjoying the weekend . Getting ready for the move back into Jax next weekend :) 
Wow , what a busy day ! Relax for a minute then gotta start packing :) No rest for the weary !!! 
I like it just about anywhere ;) 
The countdown has began ............................ 3 days 
Packing day and ready to move !!!!! 
Moving day ! Jacksonville here we come !!!!!!! So excited :) MacClenny , we will miss you and all of those we came to love :( 
All moved in and getting unpacked .... really loving our new home :) 
advice for the day .... never , EVER , take for granted those you love !!!!!!!!!!!! Remember , they are not always with us :( 
A HANDFUL !!! ( Unfortunately most women won't re-post this ) . I'm strong willed , independent , & outspoken . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at mybest . If ... you're a HANDFUL , then repost this on your status ! I dare you 
Gorgeous morning ! Loving my new home :) More unpacking to do ..... and getting settled in ! 
Loving this weather ! 
On a mini vaca :) On yeah !!!!! Off work til Monday !!!!! 
LOVE MY SISTER week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , celebrate . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister ! 
year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . 
Ok , first day of mini vacation ... lots to do .... where to start is the question !!!! 
off work two days and haven't gotten anything done .............. not good ! 
Time to get busy and get some things done :) 
Got some things accomplished , took a break and now back to work ...... 
Baking cookies :) Wow , what a day this has turned out to be ! 
Downstairs is done . Now to the upstairs :) It feels good to have actually accomplished something . My home is coming together !!! 
Up early , but not feeling well :( 
Some things just never turn out as planned ........... 
Vacation is over , back to work ....... enjoyed it while it lasted ~ lol 
version : Something's gotta give ! 
Happy Hump Day !!!! 
caught the bug going around the office ... thanks everyone for sharing :/ 
feeling so much better .... Beware to all , there is a horrible intestinal flu going round , wash your hands really , really good !!!!! and share the Lysol :) 
hoping to get some energy back so I can take care of weekend stuff ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in herear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make your woman cry , there's a man stealing smiles from ......... her . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence 
Feeling back to normal ( so far ) , let's get some things done !!! 
Not a bad start to the week so far . Hopefully the rest of the week will take a lesson from today :) At least that flu bug's been given a swift kick in the ...., well , you catch my drift .. \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZJfox000 
relaxing with Southern Comfort , getting ready for a busy day tomorrow ! 
Gotta get up and get busy , stuff to do :/ 
loving this weather !!! 
taking care of my wimpy daughter . 
Excited for the weekend :) Tomorrow night is the Night of Lights in St Auggie ! So beautiful ! 
insomnia is the pits !!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving All !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
homesick :( 
Change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb till Monday , december 6 . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite friends to do the same 
behold , believe , become ............... 
Homeless\ 
go without eating . Elderly go without medicine . Mentally ill go without\ 
treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without \ 
benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of $$$ to \ 
other countries before helping our own 1st ! Only 1% of Facebook users \ 
will re-post this message and the rest won't have the guts to re-post \ 
this . 
Lot's to do today , time to get busy ....... change is slow but a steady progress :) 
life always has a way of working itself out in the end ...... it's the journey that matters . 
is fighting it ! 
Had so much fun at our after Christmas party .... Need to do that again sometime !! 
getting ready to hit the stores . Ho , ho , ho !!! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , all I want for Christmas is ............................... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends !!!!!! 
is learning that being alone takes some getting used to but can be done ! 
My trip to Tennessee is just around the corner . So excited ! 
That's just not right ! 
Ok , the champagne is chillin ....., now for the rest of the evening :) May it prove to be enjoyable ! 
2011 , my year for new beginnings ! Lets get started 
Today is my Friday ! Woot woot !!! 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself 
Day two what kind of trouble can I get into today ? 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a daughter that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but hold your heart for a lifetime . 
Why is it things just never seem to go as planned for me .. \ 
, 
OK Lord , its not my plan its Yours , please help me to just understand ... 
A new day ... lets see what's in store . Mood is a little more lifted ... getting there ... 
Trying to remember the grass isn't always greener on the other side . I swear I hear my mountains calling my name ! 
Just call me little Miss Imperfect 
stressful day , glad there's always a tomorrow to start fresh with . 
Yes , much better day today :) Home from work , relaxing , and counting my blessings ! 
Headed to church this morning .... He's been calling my name .... 
I have always been told < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue .... well guess what ? 
So many surprises on my road to rediscovering myself , should have taken this journey long ago :) 
Back from the gym .... good workout ... feeling great ! 
Why is it on the weekends when I can sleep late , my body says forget !!! 
The start of my vacation .... YAY !!!! 
day 2 of vacation ... sore from workout ... cleaning first then relax .... projects start tomorrow ... I think maybe one day at Huguenot Park later this week with a good book will definitely be refreshing :) 
I am so , so loving my vacation ........ woot woot !!!!! 
Vacation is winding down .. have enjoyed it thus far ... it's been nice just to relax - considering it's took me all this time just to learn to relax lol 
Circumstance does not make the man ; it reveal him to himself ....... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s motto to herself for the day ! 
Motivational thought for the day : There is no such thing in anyone's life an an unimportant day ..... < PROPFIRST > Woollcott . 
To all of us who do not have a significant other , Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! We're special too ! 
Where's a computer whiz when you need one ......! 
Got my computer fixed thanks to one very special young man ! Yea !!!!!!!!! 
Ok . Been good andgot some stuff accomplished but plenty more to go .... 
Wow , what beautiful weather ! 
A wild goose never reared a tame gosling ..... 
Marry a mountain girl and you marry the whole mountain - lol ... ( < PROPFEMALE > Proverb ) 
Back on track and feeling better :) 
workin ' it out .... 
An old man once said There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING ~ Re-post if you agree 
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage ..... Anais Nin 
My brother < PROPMALE > is in the hospital with congestive heart failure , could really use all your prayers ....... 
Busy day ahead , really need to get motivated ..... 
Made great progress on projects .... more today as we wait on updates from Calif . Reminders of how precious our loved ones are and that they should never be taken for granted .......... 
It's very a very productive weekend ! Patting myself on the back for a job well done !! 
My jaw is sooooooooooooooo sore ............................ 
Trust your instinct to the end , though you can render no reason ... < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( something I should have paid heed too a long , long time ago ) 
Death is not the biggest fear we have ; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive -- the risk to be alive and express what we really are . \ 
By : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Ruiz\ 
It's time to come alive and live ~ ! 
Good news from Calif , even though brother < PROPMALE > may have had a stroke following his open heart surgery he is on the mend and things are looking up :) I can breathe now . 
strawberry 
It is interesting to notice how some minds seem almost to create themselves , springing up under every disadvantage , and working their solitary but irresistible way through a thousand obstacles . 
