Happy New Years everyone !!!!!!!!!! 

Its the start of a wonderful year . Great things to look a head to and goals to be reached . 
this mod 2 A's and 1 B . :( 
I HATE < PROPFEMALE > WARS !!!!!!!!!! 
broke bitch for another week 
he loves me ....... he loves me not . which is it ? 
whats wrong with wanting it all and not settling for anything less ??? 
friend for a reason , season , or life time ......... which are you ? 
step out of the way BEFORE the shit hits the fan 
i hate to love you and love to hate you 
i need a scare crow for school 
how much love can a heart hold when its not all together ? 
sometimes i wish i lived in his world so i understood 
tired of being tired 
the grass is always greener on the other side 
sicker than a dog . at least no homework this weekend !!!!! only 2 mods left !!!!!! 
why do the steelers always have to cheat ? if your a good team u shouldn't have to 
only bitches wave YELLOW flags !!!!!!! 
i'm starting to get alone with 1 crow . i think hell froze over !!!! 
starting to get along with a crow ........ i think hell froze over 
Really ????? 
don't start no crap ....... there won't be no crap 
They want < PROPMALE>'s cards sent to a different address . This is the CORRECT address . < PROPMALE > Biorkman c/o < PROPFIRST > Biorkman 3480 Petoskey Way < PROPMALE > , Michigan 48380 USA 
mama didn't raise no foo 
i mean ........ really ???? 
Happy Friday the 13th !!!!!!! 
tomorrows a gift and never promised . 
the only time drama is good is in a movie . 
2 A's so far ......... still wating for A & P 
its official .......... 3 A's!!!!!!!!!!!!! i knew me had a brain in my head .... 
things that make u go hhhhmmmm ........ 
I hope everyone has a fun safe night tonight . watch out for drunks and check points !! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!!!!!! 
All done with ID injections . start IM injections tomorrow . Fun to be had !!! 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ..... ( don't be scared ) . 
why is it soooo hard for people to have manners ????? i never knew PLEASE and THANK YOU were difficult . but i guess thats what happens when you don't have a decent parent that can teach you the basics . 
Do you ever notice people that are TOTAL LOSERS try and bring you down to there level ? Name calling and yelling ....... how far can that get you ? could also explain why they end up lonely , miserable people with no one that really cares about them !!!!! 
Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones ........ 
true forgiveness is one of the hardest things to do 
yeah !!!!!!!! I have my extern location !!!!!! < PROPMALE > Clinic Solon !!!!!!!! 
Located right below the window of opportunity is the trap door of disaster 
its going to be a bitter sweet day ...... finished with school .... but i'll miss everyone . well ..... not everyone . but you know what i mean . 
made it through school without crying ....... only cried a little in the car ........ so far so good . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!!!!!! 
feels totally strange being home today 
I got my badge to start my externship on monday !!!!! ya one step closer !!!!! 
had a good day . first day of extern done . learned a couple new things . 
is tired . first week almost done . four more to go . i still think i'll be too bored working in a doctors office ....... but we'll see . 
had a good 1st wk . i have to work in internal medicine this coming week . i hope its fun . 
starts internal medicine tomorrow . think anything ' interesting ' will happen ? 
Internal medicine must equal rude patients . 
when will my life be normal ???? can everything just run smoothly for a couple weeks ???? 
Let's see how forthcoming our Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment on this posting that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . Wonder if I have any brave friends who will participate 
i karated chopped a squirrel in line at the bank because i'm cool like that . 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! You don't have to pick just one . 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss ya , 6 = sweet , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23 = friend .... WHAT AM I ?? 
Another week finished ...... only 2 left ...... then the REAL fun begins 
wet and hard 
4 weeks down and 1 to go ................. YYYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!! 
The part I like about working in ped's ........... playing with the cute kids . 
School and extern done .......... now the fun begins !!!!!!!! 
Why do some people think that they can say and do whatever they want and never be held accountable ???? 
You must learn to forgive before God can forgive you 
I am soooooo sick and tired of LAZY people 
every have that feeling to say fuck everyone and the world ??????? 
interesting but pointless info ......... did u know its a law in boston that you CAN NOT drive your car with a gorilla in the back seat . what i would like to know is how many people did that so they had to make it a LAW 
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!! 
<3 THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!!!!!!! <3 
whatcha talkn ' bout < PROPMALE > ??? 
A woman should have one old love she can imagine going back to and one who reminds her how far she has come . 
Thank you God and Jesus for all the Blessings you have given me yesterday , today and for all of my tomorrows . 
Crazy ... Nutty .. Freaky ... call me whatever you want ! I bet you'll never be able to forget me all your life ! 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS or INFERTILITY . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss/infertility is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten , and the babies who were not possible but are so loved ! 
When we have nothing left but GOD , Then we realize that GOD is enough ! HAPPY EASTER EVRYONE !!!!!!!!! 
Why is it that common sense is no longer common ? 
A good friend asks you why your crying ....... a great friend already has the shovel , dug the whole and is ready to bury the person who made you cry ... 
I've been told I have an attitude , and I think that OK because in order to have an attitude one must have a personality .. 
has to remember that < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ... and is not frowned upon in society ... and that murder is punishable by 25 years to life ... don't push my buttons . <3 
PMS = push me stupid 
Forget about past disappointments and hurts . You can't unscramble eggs . Move on with your life and focus on making things better and happier . ;o ) 
You think I am a bitch . Well get in line , right behind the people who don't like the truth . 
you may not be her first , her last , or her only . she loved before .. she may love again . but if she loves you now .. what else matters ? 
~ A prideful person is of closed mind and knows little . A humble person has an open mind , that listens and learns ~ 
Do you ever wish you were a monkey ? Then if you got mad at someone , you could just fling your poo at them . Problem solved . 
It takes real strength to keep trying , when the whole world expects you to fail . 
For everyone who talks or has ever talked about me , thank you for making ME the center of YOUR world ! 
Im a bitch , Im sarcastic , and opinionated . I laugh when I want , cry sometimes for no reason and get angry outta the blue ! This is me so piss off if you dont like it 
FarmVille should grow weed then sell it to MafiaWars , who'll sell it in YoVille . then YoVille will get the munchies & go to CafeWorld located in FishTown ! 
Wisdom is knowing when to speak your mind and when to mind your speech . 
You never really forget the ones who touched your heart ; regardless whether it's the ones who broke it or the ones who healed it . 
Be patient with me , God isn't finished with me yet . 
Be careful of the words you spit out today , they may be the words you have to eat tomorrow ! 
i have taken the paths that i have , in order to get to where i am now . whether they were right or wrong ..... they had to be taken 
don't regret the decisions you make , just remember the reasons for making your decisions 
Ever feel you're traveling down life's highway without a GPS ? 
Happy Mothers Day !!! 
Life isn't about finding that one person that U can actually live \with\ " . Its about finding the One and only that you can't live \ " Without \"!" 
There's this girl & boy and they kind of stole my heart . They calls me \Aunt\ " and I love them with all my heart !! <3 <3 <3 <3 " 
We learn from our mistakes . So I can count on being a genius when I die . 
Be who you want to be , say what you want to say , because those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter 
Everybody let's do this . We should flood \ 
Facebookwith this !!!... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United \ 
Statesof < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation \ 
underGOD indivisble , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU \ 
THINKGOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! 
my aunt passes away last night . i thank god i was able to have the time with her i did . i miss her sooo much already . i love you bopa and i have faith that i will see you again . <3 <3 <3 <3 
When someone you love becomes a memory , that memory becomes a wonderful treasure not to be forgotten . 
