the first day of school sucked ughhh .. i didn't get a schedule untill i'd already missed lunch and then it was some random one whith english 2 and african american history ughhh then i found out that i had one but i didn't get it because they put me in a 10th grade homeroom then i got the right one that was still wrong cuz i got rotc 2 and i never took one :( 

another bad day at school rotc II ummm i dont like it i never took rotcI and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > made us all say the creed .... i dont know it i've heard it like 2 time when i was helping my friends < PROPFEMALE > learn it but that it i stood there looking like an idiot .... on thursday we start all the rotc stuff thursday yeah i hope they change my schedule ughhh ...... :( : 0 ( :( 
still havn't gotten my new shedule ... i guess ms. bradshaw throw it away ( Mean lady ) grrrrr .... :( 
i got a new schedule it still messed up i now have an AP US history and and Honor US history class how hard is it to make a schedule when you give them a paper with the class period that you want it i cheked w/ all the teachers when i made the list grrrr .... :( 
about to order some chili's and go with my stepdad to pick it up ..... 
working on my scary story for english 
really bored wish there was something to do ..... yawn : 0 
wet from walking home in the rain :( 
bored .... going to the Bridge Builders meeting at 3 
back from the bridge builders meeting we all learned how to salsa and some other stuff lol i'm so bad at it :D 
knowledge bowl lost but all in all it was fun :D 
Kingsbury's knowledge bowl team will be on tv tommorrow even thought we lost :( at 9am on channel 3 :) 
super bored and tried just finished helping clean the courtyard at school it looks a whole lot better 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ... 
7 mins till its a New Year and its the first time ive ever been awake lol :D 
20 sec 
NEW YEAR !!! 
snow outside :D all schools are closed besides MCS meaning Kingsbury is in service oh well .... :( 
talking to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone ... listening to some music ... 
back from the mall finally found neon green converse :D lol HaPpY 
lol everyone is complaning about the new facebook ... lol :) I still have the old set up ... knock on wood ... ( wouldn't want to jinx it ) 
my stepdad is an idiot he just dropped a cake on the floor ... well he let it slide off the 1st layer so icing is all over the couner and cake is on the floor lol cake anyone :) 
On a string of Christmas lights : For indoor or outdoor use only . ( As opposed to use in outer space . ) On a food processor : Not to be used for the other use . ( Now I'm curious . ) On Sainsbury's peanuts : Warning : contains nuts . { But no peas ? ) On an American Airlines packet of nuts : Instructions : open packet , eat nuts . ( Somebody got paid big bucks to write this one .. ) 
On Boot's Children's cough medicine : Do not drive car or operate machinery . ( We could do a lot to reduce the construction accidents if we just kept those 5 year olds off those fork lifts . ) On Natal sleep aid : Warning : may cause drowsiness . ( One would hope ! ) On a Korean kitchen knife : Warning : keep out of children . ( Hmm .. Something must have gotten lost in the translation .. ) 
On Tesco's Tiramisu dessert : ( printed on bottom of the box ) Do not turn upside down . ( Too late ! you lose ! ) On Marks & < PROPMALE > Bread Pudding : Product will be hot after heating . ( Are you sure ? Let's experiment . ) On packaging for a < PROPFEMALE > iron : Do not iron clothes on body . ( But wouldn't that save more time ? )Whose body ? ) 
LOL sorry so long but you gotta read these .... On a bag of Fritos : You could be a winner ! No purchase necessary . Details inside . ( The shoplifter special ! ) On a bar of Dial soap : Directions : Use like regular soap . ( And that would be how ? ) On some Swann frozen dinners : Serving suggestion : Defrost . ( But it's ' just ' a suggestion ! ) 
PEACE JAM MEMBERS this saturday ( April 17 ) in the lunch room from 10am-3pm we are going to be painting the faces on the walls and drawing the teachers face up there if you are in peace jam and can come Ms. Benstien would really apprecate it :) 
finishing uploading pictures from the APUSH field trip on myspace .... 
got word back from the Orpheum Summer Institue i got expected :) 
sitting in Dr. Lane's room bored only 13 mins till we get out of school 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , Ky . Little girl 3 years old picked up by a man driving a grey car , license plate : Q72B381 . Put this on your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it . 3 seconds will not kill you . Hey if it were your child what would you do ? 
Going to reel foot in a little while with my mom and < PROPFIRST > for Memorial Day ... 
< PROPFEMALE > out with my niece all day watching t.v. never thought i would be so happy to stop watching cartoons ... lol now i got to go baby sit ... 
Listening to some music . IMing lol people are so crazy ... 
home from the 1st day of the orpheum summer insitute thingy lol so far it's pretty fun other than the fact they made us learn this crazy dance .... ( i cant dance ) lol 
TEXT from my mom ( lol)\ 
Mom : what are you doing ? \ 
Me : nothing\ 
Mom : Great ! Study for the ACT or SAT ! Go see your daddy ! Go see your friends ! Do something ! Clean out your car ! Clean out your room ! \ 
ME : what's with all the ideas\ 
Mom : Got to keep you busy so you don't get into trouble . The experts say to keep your teenagers busy and active , to avoid boredom and trouble ! 
Home from seeing Eclipse . Much better than the second movie but I still think there are a few things that could have been better . 
At < PROPFIRST>'s House ..... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are Crazy !!! :) : 0 ) :) ...... 
About to leave to visit Sewanee ( the university of the south ) :) .... 
i fail both of my AP Exams :( not good ... 
Is not takeing AP Physics next year Mr. Rep is gone from Kingsbury ... i just randomly got a call for some new teacher we have comeing next years she's going to teach AP Psychology so i guess that's what i'm going to take .... 
What's worse ... A lie that draws a smile , or the truth that draws a tear ? 
Is going to work her her Bridge Builder Shield ... That thing has to get finished before Tuesday when i leave for CBU for a week .. 
LaKayla i blame you . That song is still stuck in my head . 
Is reading storys on FanFiction.net :) 
Just accidentally broke my mom's glass flower thingy ... :( 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , post this as your status . :) 
If you're brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you . ( 1)Crazy . ( 2 ) Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) Lovable . ( 6 ) Sexy . ( 7 ) Strong . ( 8 ) Dumb . ( 9 ) Spoiled . ( 10 ) Mouthy . ( 11 ) Wild . ( 12 ) Goofy . ( 13 ) Awesome . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Beautiful . ( 17 ) Cute . 
The tension is here . Tension is here . Between who you are and who you could be . Between how it is and how it should be . I dare you to move . I dare you to move . I dare you to lift yourself up off the floor ... 
Needs to finish packing for bridge builders oh and yeah can't forget , finish that bridge builder shield ... Bad me wanted ' til last mintue :( 
Home from Bridge Builders . Awesome time . < PROPFEMALE > Aquifers :) .. about to uplaod some pics from our week 
Is home from school after having to get something filled out . I will be so glad when I graduate I wont have to deal with all the people in the front office and their attitudes . 
???... It may sound absurd ... but don’t be naive , Even heroes have the right to bleed\ 
I may be disturbed ... but won’t you concede , Even heroes have the right to dream\ 
It’s not easy to be me -Five For Fighting ...??? 
Is off to church then going over to < PROPFIRST > for the night :) 
???... I'm 15 for a moment , \ 
Caught in between 10 and 20 , \ 
And I'm just dreaming , \ 
Counting the ways to where you are ... ??? -100 years-five for fighting :) 
Went school uniform shopping today . I can't beileve school starts next Monday . Where did the summer go ?... 
I was suppose to do something tomorrow but i can't remember ... Oh well I'm off to < PROPFEMALE>'s :D 
Goin 2 register at 6 . This year is going to be crazy ABCAB weeks WHAT is MCS That is not goin to work . Have they thought about lunch , is it goin the same becuz classes will be changin while 1 set of us r at lunch and unles we have crazy lunch on wend and all r in the same . Adding hour on to the 2nd semster all the times for switching classes will change . I dont even wanta c the problems with my schedule this year 
< PROPFEMALE > Dunn IS A RETARD !!! :D ( see car told yeah it's up here ) ... like if you agree 
Cooking some spaghetti then im going to do some more of my homework ... I think Ms. Lewis is the only teacher to give actual homework on the first day ... :( 
really ? this makes no sense ... so confused .... 
Sitting in the library at school . AP Phychology is so boring when the teachers gone and you've finished all your work .... 
??? A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts , oh no I’ll sell them for a dollar , They're worth so much more after I’m a goner , And maybe then you’ll hear the words I been singin’ , Funny when you're dead how people start listenin’ , If I die young ... ??? -The Band < PROPFIRST > 
Going to the Girls Soccer Game tonight 5pm :) Good Luck beat Cordova ! :D 
Homework , Homework , Homework .... 
I got a new doggie :D 
College Scholarship Applying . 
AP Stats homeworks sucks ... i didn't realize there was that much due tomorrow ... i guess thats what i get for not starting it yesterday ... :( 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > is Nasty ! 
Live By The Moment < PROPFEMALE > Live By The MOMENT !!! 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > Fair today :D 
School was crazy today . < PROPFEMALE > made me a Cake :D Yum !! ( such a fatty me carrying a cake around school all day ) :) : 0 ) :) 
??? I dare you to move , I dare you to lift yourself up off the floor ... I dare you to move , I dare you to move , Like today never happened ... Today never happened before ...??? -Switchfoot 
Today was a lot of fun shopping with my sis went to cheeseburger cheeseburger lol ... got a call interview monday :D hope i get the job ... :D 
SO Mad with Ms. Griner grades i turned all my work in . College essay and all . I really think ms. weaver hates me . i turn in someone work with mine and she gets a grade and i dont . Tomorrow im going to look thur every piece of work . 
YAY !! I start work tomorrow :) going to get the uniform with < PROPFEMALE > now :) 
First day of work wasn't that bad ... learned WHOLE lot ... now lets see if i can remember it all on Sunday lol at least all the people that work there are nice :) 
i hate shopping :( grrr 
home from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > with my two sis's and two niece . I love that place :) ONE WAY :D 
i hate being sick :( it's so boring at this house , it feels like it should be 5 o'clock in the afternoon .... 
I love the sound of rain :) 
i was starting to feel a little better now i just feel like death ... and i have school in the morning just great :( 
that asvab ( thats probably spelt wrong ) test was so pointless today ... off to work now . 
people at school crack me up :) ... watching my niece and nephew now i love them <3 
Inception is the most confusing movie known to man ... im still so lost as to what it was about ... 
meeting at work , then church with cash , and back to work again ... 
off work now its time for all this stats homework .... i hate ap stats :( 
got my ACT score grr ... it dropped a point but seeing how it was the first time i didn't finish i did better sorta ... when you thing about it ... 
i hate the capstone . i hate notecard too . :( grrr ...... 
getting my cap and grown picture redone .... sitting in a waiting room is so boring ... 
talking to Lakayla Brown :) man i miss Drama Club ... wish she wouldn't have graduated last year we never get to talk or < PROPFEMALE > out ... :( 
no meeting at work today ... this makes me super happy :) 
Going CrAZy ! all this college stuff ... deadlines ... DEC 1st is in three days .. i hope to get all these applications in my then ... but thats really hard to do with only one reccomandation letter .... what am i gonna do ... 
Mississippi State and Sewanee application complete :) ... UT Knox finished just has to be sent in the mail same with this other college ... finally ive accompished something :) :o ) :) 
AP Stats homework then help my mom with some more Christmas tree stuff ... Grr i hate statistics its so hard to understand . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus is real !!! 
Sittin n guitar finished all of the stuff we have been working on ... now I'm bored , listenin 2 music til rest of the class finishes .... 
sitting at the bowling alley with cash such a long wait only 4 lanes are open ... what kinda bowlin ' alley is this ... but cash did win be a stuff person 
its midnight and what am i doing CAPSTONE grrrrrr ...... 
ACT this morning hopeing for a higher score 3 pts atleast ( crosses fingers ) but we'll see looking around my house now for a pencil that not mechanial but no success . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Hammond . 
its snowing :D 
So bored sitting at my Aunts ... and its only 5:25 .... this is gonna last forever 
still here .... how long can this last ???? 
getting ready to head over to my dads ... zzzzz ... if only i could go back to sleep and not have to walk outside in to the cold .... 
it's snowin ' :D 
my act score sucks once again .... why wont it go up ... or at least back to where it was two test ago ??? :( 
\its 403 and i cant sleep ... \ " -shinedown " 
memphis city schools are closed :D YES i love the news such good news comes on ... i love snow ... alarm is going off :) 
8-] .... lol :D 
my niece can count passed a hundred i never knew she could ... those were a lot of number she said for me :) 
Got Accepted to Sewanee ! Now all i need is a really nice scholarship for lots and lots and lots ... 
raining . snowing . and sleeting . all at the same time ... weird 
He's mom is crazy you can't ground someone from church . She's not gonna accomplish her goal of keeping us apart we do go to school together . He should be allow to go atleast to church ! 
Lime Green Cars are awesome !!! 
office depot is closing early = means i have no work tonight = gives me load of time to do ALL of my homework = makes my happy = i get to go to bed earlier than 1am 
MCS is closed i love the school board people this year :D ... now back to doing ALL this homework :( 
ACT today ( for the final time ) Hopeing for the 30 in mr. fullers 90 60 30 or atleast a higher score than the last 5 times :D 
