4 more hours of the 2000s 

I think 2010 is pretty much the real start of the 21st century ... the 2000s are just leftovers from the 20th century , except for a few things in technology such as online video sharing , but other stuff is still the 20th century . 
Welcome to the 2010s 
One day of 2010 halfway done and it is looking good here . 
making a pretty good R&B dream ... thinking about titling Friend Request and it sounds like a hit single . 
notices that the 2010s just came in like bang , it is the 2010s . I can see this with the new music releases for 2010s ... Ke$ha is the sound of the decade and might be the look of the decade . 
-30 below tonight ... in other words colder than shit ... enough to freeze that shit so we can have frozen horse turds ... lol 
getting annoyed by these non-rap and R&B artists saying the word \shawty\ " ... think < PROPFIRST > Beiber and Backstreet Boys " 
ready for the 2010 Olympics ... only a month away 
kinda bored today ... maybe might get a song done or compile a new mixtape for the basketball team . They sure do need a mixtape . 
has been back in Mrs. Kaisers drama class in his dream last night 
believes that he might be dating by this fall ... it could happen . 
has gotten a cell phone but it needs to be activated . Stupid phone companies 
let us AYYYYYYYY !!! 
is trying to think of some generals to take for my IT course next fall ... something that is more relevant than choir like business maybe 
is bored and tired ... I am sick of this rain 
putting shit on my cell phone ... new music and a music video 
lets get blown 
is sick of all this ringtone rock ... think Bad to the Bone , Jukebox Hero , Smells Like Teen Spirit , Smoke On the Water , etc . 
doesn't really understand why these girls have to have facebook pictures that look like they are nearly kissing each other ... you know what I am talking about 
eating chow mein 
follow me on www.twitter.com/Black_Jack23 
wants some hardcore thunderstorms 
is insomantic 
good job Aitkin Facebookers on stopping Mr. Clean ... I hope you enjoy your new principal while I am kickin ' it in college 
is eating rice krispy bars and chocolate milk , yum 
thinking about whether or not he should see Transformers ... I heard everyone is talking about it 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead ... along with TuPac , < PROPFIRST > Earnhart , and < PROPMALE > . 
okay , who is going to take over pop music royalty . < PROPFEMALE > Duff ? < PROPFIRST > Brown ? < PROPFIRST > Timberlake ? < PROPFEMALE > Spears ? You decide . 
listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is getting sick of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > mania .. he is dead , big deal . But if you are fan of him , he will be remembered in our hearts . 
to explain the weird messages ... the Reeves family has been hacked . 
I changed my password .. to stop these weird messages , so should you 
is going to Aitkin car show 
new cell phone ... text me at 1 - 218-330-8227 
welcome to good ol ' MySpace ... A Place for Real Friends . One that don't care if you say something a little mean , that might be funny . 
might be getting a cat 
I got a new phone ... send me a text a 1-218-330-8227 
got rid of his Virgin Mobile account and switched to AT&T with a new number ... want to have my old phone . Send me a message . $35 or reasonable price . 
Cingular rocks my socks ... the new AT&T . Best commercial ever along with the MTV root beer commercial 
is going to youtubeland 
is ready for the fair to get going 
thinks visual basic is awesome ... you can create your own dialogue boxes and error messages . I'll show you how 
believes that most status updates are not the truth ... most likely is work and fooling around on here and watching TV 
misses the old City on XM Sirius ... now I have to listen to urban radio online and bear with not as good hip-hop nation junk 
believes that Arika is going to get Miss Aitkin !!! Go RIK !!! 
is excited for life in CLC , but I don't really know what to expect either 
is going to watch the fireworks at home .... I got a good view of them at my house 
is watching the great explosions 
the fireworks were awesome this year 
wishes it was darker .... like have the sun set at 8:30 or something 
has lost his car keys 
is hittin the sack , even though I want to facebook party til 3 in the morning 
I have found the car keys 
has seen the messiest apartment in the history of apartments ... I move on Aug 10 
just loves root beer floats 
moves into the Pines Apartments Aug 10 and is ready for it ... but it is a little nervous . 
is having a hard time getting attractive to women ... maybe it will come . It is hard to find anyone I like , so I might as well be just friends for now with girls like I do with guys . 
would like a new synthesizer .... my old one is not that good for beats and instrumentals 
believes that I'll Be There will be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s next number 1 single . 
believes that slacking on YouTube at work is really causing our ecomony to go down ... blame the recession on YouTube and Facebook . 
is starting to get the feel for myspace again ... it is kinda fun and I should go on myspace more than this monotonous facebook . I will use both . 
WTF ... facebook is starting to have the myspace error thing ... gosh this thing is turning into myspace everyday ... going to bed 
hitting the fair tonight and all this week ... see me there 
getting sick of these little punks on facebook and social networking in general ... you are more annoying and make these sites very childish . 
I'm just wondering why you guys think CSI is so good 
is going to watch a movie 
thinks Jesus is a great role model for people 
is looking for some posters ... the hot girl ones are not that hot in my opinion 
believes myspace might be back in the spotlight by next fall . 
just go his shots ... they don't really hurt that bad . 
let the rain fall down 
Time to build the ark 
come on ... get this storm over with 
the suns out !!!! whoo !!! 
A few nights ago , a really bad thunderstorm had hit Aitkin in my dreams but a few days later , it was real . And I dreamt I was on Facebook when the power went off and it happened in real life . 
RED !!! 
okay people that use the chat box ... please give us time to check our notifications and take your quizzes , etc . before you start gabbing . 
can't wait for Miss Aitkin ... betting my $10 on Arika 
might be going to Brainerd to get some musical instruments yo 
is going to miss Aitkin and just got a new keyboard 
Go Arika Go Go Arika Go You can do if if you try 
gets to ride in the parade with moms new car 
was about to buy some ice cream but didn't have that much money to buy it ... and found out I left it at home 
has eaten the mother of all McDonalds burgers ... Angus bacon and cheese ... ish 
thinks the parade was pretty dull and boring ... the fish house parade is way better 
The kling does look pretty good as Miss Aitkin 
time for me to hop along the Dreamland Express 
throw in the bag yo 
only 3 more weeks til I hate the Pines 
only 3 more weeks til I hit the Pines Apt and CLC 
I basically the only one online here right now ... now I can take over facebook in Aitkin ... lol ... jk ... 
I am going to bed and dream about hotter chicks ... not < PROPFEMALE > Montana unless she looks hot 
is wondering what you college frat boys and girls eat in your dorms ? 
thinks facebook should have a music sharing thing like myspace that is built in and not app based 
follow me on twitter.com/Black_Jack23 
I am a follower of God on Twitter 
keep that smile on 
got soap in his eyes and it hurts !!! 
I'm good 
loves the facebook chat box ... chat me up 
want some hot jamz , check my myspace 
is sick of PG rated wrestling 
man , the guys are getting the ladiez these days ... I hope I will find a boo in college 
almost got thrown in the slammer .... hit and run traffic violation 
thank you myspace for making albums searchable and letting me save money on albums 
only about a week left til moving in my apartment ... I hope I find good roommates . Could somebody find me an app to help me see what roommate will be suited for me ? 
might be getting a C-A-T 
got a new cat and a new apartment at the pines apartments ... I am now apartment 2 instead of apartment 1 . Move in around Aug 10 , 2009 
needs help choosing a cat name 
is in a christmas mood today for some reason 
got text messaging ... 1000 text messages .... text me at 1-218-839-2663 
just took a big crap !!! 
good night ... I'll see you in the morning or if I am insomatic , later 
just had the best night sleep ever 
only 4 days til I move in my apartment ... will be back in Aitkin during BIR weekend 
can't decide if he should make a R&B or hip-hop album ... or do both . Comment your opinion . 
Thinks that XM Sirius radio should have more urban stations ... this Hip-hop nation plays really bad rap and the good stuff was on the city 
my cat just got stuck in a tree 
thinks Omarion is pretty cool 
facebook is finally getting layouts ... myspace and facebook should merge 
my facebook is so pimpin with < PROPFEMALE > Rida in the background ... check this out 
is going to stay at the pines apt ... where I am staying to get my classes this fall 
is at the pines apartments and can't get his cable connected 
believes that the Disney channel is watching you 
got his textbooks ... I paid about $400 for them and one of them is like carrying the holy bible of microsoft office 2007 
can't wait for the Vikes to start playing football 
I think today is a record for birthdays 
under 20 more hours til Vikings 
is hot 
one more hour til Vikes 
Vikes are kickin ' ass .... 10-3 so far and I hope they get more points 
feels like a drive 
believes that < PROPFEMALE > to Learn is how Facebook got it's idea 
just dropped out of this wastedreading I class ... yay , I can finally come home on Thursday !!!! Away from that messy apartment and back to civilization 
has a really bad cough 
is going to the gash chamber to get some food ... how boring is life anyway , but at least I get a 5 mbs internet speed and 20 mbs at the college ... better than this moderate speed stuff at home 
going to get some food in my stomach and maybe learn some more information about computers so I can get some MONEY !!! 
might be pumpin ' some iron ... gotta work these abs out for the ladiesz !!! 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Valentino is some dude Crosby ... he even yaks about Melrose ... lol 
believes that the frat life is overated ... basically it is the same thing as high school ... nothing has really changed . Now you have to deal with the same drama at HOME !!! ISH 
is going to the old fogeys place to watch the trick or treaters 
is tired out from handing out < PROPFEMALE > to the little kids ... pretty entertaining but these little kids could tire you out 
is bored ... listening to some hot R&B and hip-hop jamz 
computer doesn't even start ... might as well upgrade to the Almighty Windows 7 
forget about this 2012 BS ... the year 2060 is something more to worry about 
it seems like in just 2 days everything on the TV has changed from slasher to Holiday commercials ... at least I can stand another 6 months of Xmas 
thinks blondes girls are the best ... they are so beautiful and are one of the most beautiful things that God has placed on this Earth ... along with mulatto chicks . They are hot too and decent looking redheads ... lol 
yup 
is still bored ... college is not as exciting as you think it is . You get a lot of boring moments if you are not working or having class or having a steady relationship or doing a lot of homework , etc . 
stupid rain is a coming again ... blah !!! 
thinks these colleges are too liberal ... obsessing on that green shit , thumping Obama , focusing everything on your self esteem and not helping other people , mandated service learning , teaching way outdated ecomonics that has been tried other times , kids liking the Beatles and < PROPMALE > Marley .. time to get your act together . 
off for lunch and going to this data comm class 
is bored with class ... we have the mess around with the binary code and that involves math ... ick ... no fun command prompt/hands on stuff today 
loves making long essays on facebook quiz results ... speak your opinion !!! 
believes that Boom Boom Pow is the beginning of the avante-garde < PROPFEMALE > in popular music ... I mean mainstream corporate top 40 , not underground . It is like the Rite of Spring in classical music . 
I ' m going back to the dungeon 
is in a pretty good mood today ... ready to go back to Aitkin for another kickass weekend . 
just got out of the hot tub ... ah that feels so good to finally get a decent bath 
my cat is trying to facebook ... come on oldie , upload that status 
about 2 months of halloween are done ... now it is time for 2 months of christmas and about 3 weeks of hunting that big < PROPMALE > . Good luck deer hunters 
has a headache and listening to some good old < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
there has been some timberwolves in my front yard 
just chillaxing in my apartment !!! 
man I'm feeling hungry ... gotta crank up some food yo when some opens up my apartment 
bum bum bum bum bum ... lol 
thinks the song Tic Toc is one of the best songs on top 40 right now 
is trying to find the code or an app for the LEGENDARY DISLIKE BUTTON that you are all nagging for .... I'll be < PROPMALE > if I learn how to build an app for the dislike button ... very basic coding ; like function with a different word . All it is . 
FAMILY GUY !!! 
insomatic 
is debating if dance in high school should be considered a sport or part of the performing arts 
is listening to some great music by Amerie and < PROPFEMALE>'s Child circa 2005 ... good music around that time period 
thinks duct tape is one of the best inventions out there ... you can do simple repairs and create new things as easty as pie 
don't listen to this crap going on around Neals profile ... I was not in the news and I have not done anything lame and stupid to go on the news !!! It is phising and it is not phishing season , it is hunting season ... lol 
watching music videos 
rap is dead except for maybe a few Jay-Z and Emimen songs ... it is all about dance music . Listen to the radio ... we got Cascada , Lady Gaga , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Black Eyed Peas , < PROPFEMALE > Duff , < PROPFEMALE > Spears , not Soulja Boy , Lil < PROPMALE > and TI . 
I believe that the most nerdiest game on Facebook is Farmville ... that could out geek Mafia Wars and Super Mario/Pokemon anime related stuff ... I'm serious ! 
I'm a lucky college kid that got veterans day off 
thinks pokemon is gay ... I am pretty sure he is gay ... the show is fruitilicious 
< PROPFIRST > swift can't sing ... she needs the antares treatment with less t-pain effect 
rap = rims and hoes country = pickup trucks and hot chicks same thing 
thinks What Hurts The Most sounds better as a club hit than some country ballad !! I love Cascadas versions of it 
can't really decide what genre of music my next song will be . Any suggestions ? 
country and B ... that sounds like a good genre of music . Think < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > McGraw or < PROPMALE > Songz ft . < PROPMALE > Chesney lol 
BORED !!! 
misses the old fox news politics page ... it looks a lot better than this new garbage 
didn't really missed that much by seeing the photos of last nights dance ... maybe the Sno Ball I might come or if there is something around Christmas 
is thinking about going back to band 
thinks Case's lovely is a good song ... excellent R&B 
my computer is so slow but the internet is good ... a lot better than my home 
might be hittin the shower soon 
is listening to some Christmas music 
tired out but still is going to class ... gotta learn that shit so I can get money !!! 
thinking about pimpin my windows operating system ... I'll download themes , change the sidebar , get some cursors , desktop background changed .... I'll PIMP MY COMPUTER !!! There should be a show about this lol 
FARMVILLE ... biggest money sucker out there !!! 
Green Day sucks ... they are a bunch of old guys that haven't changed their style since they started in the early 1990s . 
ladies ... the boobs does not get all the guys . Sometimes it's the other parts ... show off the whole package 
is cold 
is COLD !! NOT COK ... sorry about the typo 
R&B does not suck ... that is my opinion . If you do think it sucks , you don't have to preach to other people . Everyone likes their own style of music and if you don't like it , shove it . 
Sims 3 World Adventure might be a fun game to .... DOWNLOAD !!! Junk some more hard drive space after I show off some of my homemade < PROPMALE > Rolls and Obama prapaganda posters !! 
thinking about seeing the band concert at the college ... come and see it 7:30 PM $3 to get in 
just came home from the CLC band concert ... pretty much I nearly fell asleep during the second pieve the community band played ... that was over 15 minutes long in my estimation ... most band pieces are done in 5 minutes not the continuity of a 15 minute slow song . 
feeling tired and has a little bit of a headache !!! 
myspace music has gone downhill ... I'm trying to search for some dance/electronica and the only music browsing features is the charts ... I want to dig deep into a certain genre and where is the comprehensive genre list ... that was good and the search for local bands ... this is not another version of < PROPFEMALE > . lame 
I'm such as playa , I'm a hustla , and a balla ... I will like to have ladies on my twiiter , come on could you falla . Come on shawty come to my crib , apartment 24 , haterz should shut the fuck up and let you in . I am the real leader of this crib , you are not . You just supply the money , you are not the ruler of the crop ... freestyling ! 
the only version of let it snow sounds good is the < PROPFIRST > buble version ... nothing beats it with the jazz harmonics 
is ready to go home ... pretty much I enough for the week ... vistors , drama ( whenever < PROPFIRST > comes him he causes drama ) , composers block , decoding ip addresses but at least the spaghetti dinner and the was a good part of the week 
getting ready for a nice relaxing weekend back in Aitkin 
is going to halvys band concert ... Steve vs . Halvy ... lets see who is better !!! 
the band don't sound that bad .. we sucked way more last year 
is feeling tired and ready to hit the hay and get ready to face another day . 
is bored out of his mind .... talk to me or something like that 
wishes that there is a Pandora type thing for picking women ... they send you women and you rate them if you like them or not , and then they keep suggesting women that you like , not random chicks . Hot and not and Daily Babe should be like that . 
The LHC has been fired up again ... it will be ready to smash these particles at near light speed this January ... so don't obsess on Christmas this year because we are all doomed .... this is way earlier than 2012 ... AAAAAAAAAAAUGH !!!! LOL !!! Really , it is safer to cross the street than have this thing collide particles 
just chillin ' at home ... wishes that I could go uptown but the car is being used 
there is a new < PROPFEMALE > for the aitkin gobblers .... add them on facebook to keep up to date on what's going on at the gobbler world . Open for current students , alumni , and anybody who deep down thinks the Gobblers are a great team !! 
can't wait for the snow to come ... it is about time !! They are forecasting about Dec 1-4 for the first real dump ... about time 
oh gosh ... < PROPFIRST > sounds so horrible on the piano ... she needs some lessons !! 
your profile is not going to be deleted because of overpopulation of facebook ... that happened on myspace a couple of years ago and it also happened as an generic e-mail chain back around the 1990s or something like that saying the internet is overpopulated ... so don't listen to that one , it is just another chain letter . 
had a pretty kickass presentations in computer apps class ... 
got my classes all arranged for next semester ... there is going to be a lot of shit going on here ... I will be a studying monk but at least it will be something I'll enjoy , since I'm usually on the computer anyway , so might as well learn about it . 
is not for everyone . Please talk to your doctor when you start experiencing nauesa , vomiting , nasal congestion , unsteady walk , changes in personality , excessive horniness . This should be an internet meme 
finally got done with another test on data communications ... time to move on and learn about WANS and LANS and that shit ... pretty soon I'll get ip addressing and protocols by heart . 
my ip address right at the CLC library with this node is 134.29.212.12 with a subnet mask of 255.255.0.0 as an class B ip address which is getting the internet from the server at the University down in the cities ... non IT professional or Network Admin or somebody that is not a geek ... WHO CARES !!! 
sick of drama 
the all starz should do something on boom boom pow ... that will be so awesome 
< PROPFIRST > cena sucks 
is freezing ... the people in my apartment thinks it feels comfortable at 60 degrees but I think it is cold ... I must have really thin blood 
should I make a R&B , rap . both R&B and rap , dance song , pop song ... I can't decide ... or mix them all ? Comments . 
hates windows xp ... is stuck using this out of date software . All the Vista computers are filled and when Windows 7 comes in ... I might as use the 7 system . 
a good way to increase your GPA ... go hack into the server , get into the gradebook and throw some D's on this bitch ! 
is not sure if he should ask < PROPFIRST > out ... she is a nice girl but I wonder if she is my type ... I am feeling kinda pressured and I am not sure if I am ready for this :) 
yeah we should support the redheads ... not bash them ... they are not as rare as you think they are and they are not going to be extinct by the year 2100 , even though there is a lot of men are liking more of the interracial relationship , so that may increase the demand for redheads even higher this century . Some redheads are pretty so if you find one , date one ! 
the lhc started collisions and we are still alive ... YAY !!! 
I'm so Fly yy yy yyy yy yy yy yy yy yy yy 
yo I'm a balla 
thinks this < PROPFIRST > Beiber could qualify for the next < PROPMALE > Ossman ... he just sounds like < PROPMALE > Ossman unless he teams up with somebody like < PROPFEMALE > or the Pussycat Dolls 
I'll be Home for Thanksgiving , you can plan on that , please have turkey and pumpkin pie , and taking a long nap . All that stuffing will find me , I can eat these potatoes with glee . Lets give thanks to all the things we need , and splurge the money with greed . 
pretty much a wasted day in class ... all it is way review from a test ... at least I got a C on my data comm test ... whoooo !!! 
might be thinking about getting a 4 year degree ... Information Technology , work a bit , and go on to more college . 
pretty much had the fastest thanksgiving dinner ever ... might as well sleep it off !! lol 
Happy Turkey Day 
pretty much I was having the Alzhemiers thanksgiving .... might as well watch the < PROPFIRST > Brown thanksgiving special online to make me feel better ... that is the only good thanksgiving special . 
BOORED !!! 
I got aches and pains all over my body 
listening to Fergie 
Fish House parade has turned into the Riverboat Parade with the fish houses ... not as good as it used to be . We need some more creativity for our fish houses , not just random advertisements for our \businesses \"." 
It will be nice that facebook will have some myspace features ... bulletins and top friends and the friendlier interface of myspace . And myspace should have more sharing and bookmarking options like facebook and quiz results on the wall ... merge myspace and facebook . 
is thinking about going to see old dogs 
went to see old dogs ... not bad movie but nothing to write home about ... funny in some parts but rather stupid in others 
yo what up bitch I am back in < PROPFEMALE > crib in tha streetz by the CLC and ready to kick it raw for the week . 3 more weeks til Christ < PROPFEMALE > s ... lol 
forget about 2012 ... the world is supposed to end in 2011 ... oh gosh ... but don't worry because the good lord will make us live way pass the early 2010s 
All ( except for < PROPMALE > ) my roommates are in relationships ... I want to be in one too . That will be nice , but I don't have the guts to ask someone out . 
I get to learn how to use powerpoint today ... yay . 
thinks that CLC should have a dance team 
got a pretty bad headache right now ... took some aspirn but it is still here and tried that nasal spray shit for the congestion ... ick 
can't wait for All Starz and Girls Basketball ... yeah Go LADY BALLAS and ALL STARZ 
add the Aitkin Gobblers on Facebook ... I am on the moderator of the fan < PROPFEMALE > of this wonderful francise of teams . Become a fan now ! 
can't really believe that he is almost 1/4 done of this stretch of college ... gosh where has the time gone . The next decade is creeping up to us ! 
thinking about joining the psychology club in the college ... great way to meet some new people !! 
oh shit ... The President is on tonight ... again ... 
had a pretty controversial subject about the weather with my roommates ... maybe the weather could be as deep as politics or religion and not just small talk , like everyone says . 
get ready for Facebook 5.0 
IMing my ass off 
can't wait to come back to Aitkin to watch our sporting events . GO GOBBLERS ( and All Starz don't forget you) !!! WHOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
G mail = Gangsta mail yo !! 
POWERPOINT POWERPOINT PWOERPOINT POWERPOINT POWERPOINT 
sick of just advertisements of fan pages ... this whole facebook thing has turned into an advertising deal . I think they are trying to pay the bills to support the 350 million and counting people on this site . 
is feeling pretty homesick and wants to go home ... only about 15 more hours to go 
bored off my ass 
wishes that it will be snowing ... about time 
thinking about seeing the All Starz tonight ... GO ALL STARZ !!! 
good job All Starz 
going to bed to sleep ... not giggity giggity giggity ... lol 
facebook needs a built in top friends and music section ... or maybe that is making this site turn into the other site ... the rival myspace . 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > Hoge should consider joining the WWE . 
going to watch some ballin ' tonight . 
thinks blondes do it better 
myspace needs a like button 
tired 
just 2 more weeks til Christmas break ... only one more week til the finals ... ish ... I gotta study 
has to study for the Microsoft Certification exams ... one of the reasons that < PROPMALE > will be better , since you don't have to study for numerous tests to get a job using Microsoft Word . 
about time for me to get an ipod for cheap ... santa bring that shit to me !!! 
come on your DAMN VIKINGS 
< PROPFIRST > Swift = < PROPFEMALE > Duff 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the shit .... a little bit of gospel with some R&B and real soul influences ... not this fake pop orientated R&B or ringtone R&B ( ringtone R&B is alright ) 
the weather map looks like something from a disaster movie or the day after tommorow ... this could be another Armaggedon scenario for December 21 , 2012 ... a massive storm system like this weeks storm system will cause flooding , people getting snowed in , struck by lightning , fires , etc . causes by the polar shift . lol 
we might get about 3-6 inches of snow ... most likely 4.5 inches ... time to get the sled out 
Of all the crazy things of this millennium with your pogo sticks and your blu < PROPFIRST > disks and your DVDS and Super Marios and starburst and Facebook profiles and HTML codes and dance music and scene kids and Aitkin All Starz and 24 hour news propaganda and your hipster clothing stores and your McDonalds burgers and WWE divas and Family Guy < PROPMALE > Rollin ' and iRobots and your quatum physics and ... 
it's starting to look a lot like Christmas 
I tried posting my assigned discussion question and it was locked on me ... I tried to squeeze it in at 1:35 PM when it was due but I tried posting it at 1:36 and it was locked . DANG IT !!! I should of not procrastinated and get my work done on time . 10 points docked again ... hope I get a better grade on the finals . 
I am going to bust it out tonight ... I might have pretty good competition with Bone Thugz and Harmonies !!! 
I can't sing like < PROPFEMALE > ... I am try to sing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s don't forget about us but the only one could sing it is good old < PROPFEMALE > 
by looking at some of these family photos at the choir concert , some of them might be big enough to be on TV !! 
can't really decide if he should come home next Tuesday or Wednesday . 
radio killa :) 
should be studying for his finals but is on facebook procrastination ... it's the weekend , it is a time to chill and I might as well wing it . lol 
starting to realize his love for Jay-Z ... one of the best rappers out there and leader of the best hip-hop labels out there ... Def Jam . Born Dec 4 1969 ... 40 years of innovation 
Rapper < PROPFEMALE > gets robbed 
would you rather hear more rap from me or more R&B . Or a mix of both to make an more just generally urban album . What do you think ? Comment below . 
only 3 more days of college til Christmas break ... FINALS 
gotta study for these finals so I can get at least a C in my classes so I can get out of here to go watch the basketball games at home !!! 
chillin ' with < PROPFEMALE > homie < PROPMALE > for the last few times before X MAS 
jesus , make me do good on my finals 
pretty sure that is going to be the saints or the vikings going to the Super Bowl this year ... if this Vikings make it , I am going to watch it more than just for the commercials 
one more day of class til the final starts ... I actually got 2 . Yeah !! 
got to see the server today ... it looks awesome , but all it is a bunch of windows registry and msconfig type things ( only the IT students and real computer geeks like me will know what I am talking about ) , but it looks like something that I might want to mess around with more . 
Taking Teh Test yo !!! 
I got 85% percent on my final ... that is the highest I got on any computer based test this year ... WHOOOO ... what an accomplishment !!! :) 
can't really wait to come home for the Holidays 
believes that rock music will die about the year 2020 ... we only have about 10 years to go before rock music will become just another genre of music and not just another culture . Think about it ... the true people the grew up during the \stick it to the man\ " rock < PROPFEMALE > will be going to be dead by mid century and we will have another style of music that will be like \ " rock and roll\ " ... dance/electronica . " 
thinking about making a few raps or maybe some R&B jam and showing them off on my new iPodish like device . 
it is about time for our family to get a new crapper !!! 
can make the sexiest R&B out here ... it will make the ladies go DAYAM !!! 
can't decide if he should go to wrestling tonight or just stay at home and chill ... watch < PROPMALE > Dunham and make a rap/R&B or something like that . 
tyrese is awesome ... very soulful and and it makes you feel like DAYAM !!!! 
going to a girls basketball game tonight ... duh ! 
is bored 
thinking about going to see 2012 ... pretty awesome disaster movie . 
I got my shit scared out of my with this 2012 movie ... at least this is fake and we will be raptured before that happens , if it does . I hope ... jesus come back and get us out of here if it was real and let the non-believers suffer . 
can't sleep ... damn it !!! 
just went to some old people anniversary party and ate a lot of cake ... 65 years of being married ... that is getting old 
downloading some music videos 
is feeling very tired ... might be that sugar rush from that cake or I haven't sleep that well last night from being flipped out about that 2012 movie . 
only 3 more years left ... we gotta start doing something and hope you'll get saved on the last day .. jk ... I don't think the world is going to end in 3 years , this thing is just a money maker 
the health care < PROPMALE > is not going to pass but I predict that it is going to be very close ... if it does pass ( which I hope not ) , it would be good for the people who need it but we got to pay for it and I hope it don't affect employment , especially with people with disabilities . Or the disabiliy people will be drugged up and that will cause a lot more problems . 
rock is not dead .... it is not featured on Top 40 as much as it used to be and it never did . Rock was more for people who like albums , going to shows , and downloading/streaming off the internet . There is still some good bands out there like Bullet for My < PROPFIRST > . 
the composer for Bullet for My < PROPFIRST > has amazing talent !!! I am impressed with his genius . 
live365 is the shit ... it plays more stuff that satelite radio and it is mostly free . 
I heard rumors that we might get anothe dump of snow on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas Day ... this might be known as the X-mas blizzard . 
it's 9:30 already ... god time has passed so quickly 
I can see facebook is getting bullitens , layouts , and top friends 
Welcome to Canada bitch ... we might get this government run health care and we are all gradually turning into Europe and Canada . Uff dah !!! 
< PROPFIRST > orton will make a better president than Obama 
we are in a winter storm warning right now ... this dinky little 5 inch Christmas snow is nothing compared to the beast we might be getting this Christmas . 
thinks 2010 is going to kick ass . 
loves the song in the background of the Palm commercial 
Bend over and here it comes ... the christmas blizzard of 2009 
getting < PROPFEMALE > ass into bed 
got my Christmas presents early ... it was a pretty good Christmas anyway with lots of nice stuff for a recession ... tommorow I might be going to the community Xmas meal 
you better go to bed or your local < PROPFEMALE > will not give you presents 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
just kicking it at home and having a nice , relaxing Christmas . 
BAH HUMBUG .... jk 
Mobsters is way better than this flava of the month Nov 2009 Farmville 
I can see we are going to have a 2009 Blizzard Relief fund , a few concerts , charities and bashing Obama for not helping us . I can see another Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > scenario as the way the news media is making it . 
myspace apps are way better than facebook apps ... trust me ... I like the mobsters and myspace got way cooler bumper stickers than these wannabe facebook ones 
scene kids are the shit ... they can come out with the most fly looking outfits ... rawr lol 
This snow will look so beautiful by the time we see Mr. Sun come out 
looks like love is in the air on my friends list ... a lot of people looks like they are finding dates . You never know , I might be next . You never know ... I might just find somebody and it will hit it off . 
I am trickn if I got it . 
going back to the Gobbler world tonight to chill and cheer . Good luck Gobblers !!! 
The girls should quit losing the ball ... 3 times they lost the ball in the bleacher . I should be hired as the official ball guarder for the sidelines ... lol 
Good thing I went to the Gobblers ... the Vikings SUCK MY ASS !!! DUMSHIT VIKINGS 
autotune your teacher/professor will be awesome ... try this on your ipod touch in class and record that shit 
time to sleep ... damn it !!! 
confirmed ... the raver will be unleashed on January 5 , 2010 at the Braham game . A few years down the road will be the Crawford card . 
2010 is going to be way better than 2008 and 2009 combined ... 2010 will be a kickass year . 
I GOT MONEY BITCH ... WAVE THAT SHIT AND MAKE IT RAIN .... AYYYYYYYYYYY 
I got placed on academic probation ... boy that sucks . That means I need to study and get better grades so I won't be working at McDonalds at minimum wage all my life . 
Aitkin should have a new years < PROPFEMALE > ball dropping ceremony 
ready to kiss this crappy decade goodbye ... BRING IT ON 2010 !!! Only 7 more hours to go . Hopefully I'll actually get a gf and a job in the 2010s . 
2010s in my opinion is going to be another 1980s . It will be a very fun decade with a lot of cool looking fashions and many cool non-internet meme fads , like the 2000s . Music will be great and not as much glam rap and emo , movies will be epic and classics , and tv will improve drastically . 
staying up til midnight on new years eve ... ha thats easy ! I can do that any other night of the year ... 2011 could come up without me . Whoop < PROPFIRST > doo ... the calendar changed . 
happy new year everyone . Started out 2011 with a fresh start by cleaning my room and gutting out the old junk that was hanging around for the last 10 years 
started the year out in the right direction ... 2011 will rock my socks !!! 10 times better than 2010 
in soviet russia , twitter follows you 
watched the most hilarious movie out there 
I am a lucky little shit that gets one more week of Christmas break while the rest of you have to go to school tommorow ... join PSEO at CLC and you'll have more break . Whooo !!! 
The National Weather Service has issued a extreme cold advisory . Temperatures are at -98 degrees and dropping .... lol 
Going up to Brainerd for something different than college ... ah I still have to go to the college but it will be more of a shopping trip . 
got some music creation software from Brainerd ... time to start my music career and get to singing/rapping/producer 
WWE wrestling ... oh yeah ... I can see a meme with this . Armageddon week ... oh crap !! 
flippin between the two wrestling matches ... TNA will kick the WWE's ass .. but WWE has the better looking chicks on there and we got Colbi Kingston and DX 
putting in my producer software and watching some rassling shit 
tried making a few R&B beats with the new producer software but I had to use some cheap keyboard . I better stick to making remixes and mixes for a while , or just rap to a pre-recorded before before I get some router thing for the keyboard . BTW , Good luck girls ... hope you kick ass . 
couldn't sleep ... only had about 4 hours of sleep but at least I was doing something productive such as messing around with the new software . 
need some caffeine or something like that .. but it looks like I am dependant on that crap since the insomania adds up . 
bored and tired ... at least th Braham game tonight will give me something to do . 
DO WOPK LADY BALLAS YEAH YEAH WHOOOO !!! 
one bad thing about tonights Braham game ... annoying pep band music , not the usual urban jamz 
good job lady ballas ... you known how to keep it real . I will also < PROPFEMALE > you girls , even when you are long gone out your own ways . 
It is not just all about winning , it is just having a good time and making good memories count . You can be like last year and try to break records , but you end up starting hating each other . Keep it real Gobblers . Peace dogg 
I prayed for Jesus to get the girls team to win Braham but they still stomped us . 
finally got some good sleep and dreamt some pretty awesome and vivid dreams . My room was all blinged up and pretty much I had a hous party and I had high popularity with hot girls . Taste of heaven . 
blaaah !!!! 
Aitkin High school is getting a D2L type thing ... welcome to the 21st century 
come on .. budge in at the people choice award . Do it do it Kanye . 
dear jesus ... lets hope I'll have some kickass dreams tonight and have a lot of hot girls in there ... make them just awesome ... amen . I am starting this meme lol 
jesus ... help me feel better and get over this nusiance cold and help me get my grades up for college ... amen . :) 
thinks 2011 is going to be the year that the girls basketball team will finally make it to state ... I don't see this year because we are not as crazy about it , but you never know , they might make it . I'm banking on 2011 ... not 2010 , but they might luck out . Go Aitkin Gobblers !! 
< PROPFEMALE > McGuire is back on the air ... that is good old school Disney Channel ... Come on Disney , put more old crap on !!! 
is ready to get back to school ... it is getting boring at Aitkin , even though I got some events at the high school to watch . Lets hope that our prayers are being answered and the girls will win against Onamia . I think we will . 
thinking about going to wrestling tonight to see the Gobblers dominate the mat ... Good luck Gobblers !! 
The Aitkin annoncers sound so gangsta on the radio ... they even call < PROPFEMALE > Lundgren Em Dogg !! Thatz so whipp . 
one more day left ti I leave to the frat house ... but I will be back with dignity and < PROPFEMALE > and probably some brand new adventures when I come home this Thursday . 
we should have more Saturday games .. I should call the conference team manager and scheduler and try to convince the basketball team to play more on Saturday . At least I'll have something to do on Saturday . Boring going to grandmas , etc . 
I think the sugar low has kicked in with this mcflurry I had but it was worth it again . Good night all and back to the grind and learining about this new stuff for a good job in the IT field . 
finally back at the school but I am not really getting as much homework as I thought I would ... I thought I would be loaded . But a lot of these classes are going be lab work and that won't bad . 
man we are getting a heat wave ... it will be up in the * gasp * 30s for about about 5 days ... but wait til it freezes , it will be ice all over the place . ish 
gonna get some lunch ... I feel like spaghetti today . It just have that spaghetti feeling today . 
\We might hide in the bathroom when there is a fire and maybe go outside where there is a tornado\ " - < PROPFIRST > Lund ... lol ... It does make sense with the fire . " 
gotta take that dirty easy online class .... at least that I might get an easy A or B out of this one and that will work very well with my transcript . 
ready for some American Idoling ... if my roomates let me watch it . Might as well watch it in the community room ... pretty sure they will watch it unless there is some big game . 
getting a bad headache 
the server internet is way better than this semi-fast internet at my apartment ... yes it is cable speed internet but sometimes , especially when a lot of people are using the internet at the same time , it might slow down to a speed slower than even my at home DSL in Aitkin or just simply not come in . 
this interpersonal communication class is tha shit 
this interpersonal communication class is tha shizzle ... all my classes are worth the money . I have a feeling that I will succeed . 
the IT professionals are getting paid pretty well since my computer in the school is working like a charm ... I think I am very careless and with all that firewall , it is worth it . 
using Windows 7 and installed in in the shortest time I ever installed Windows . But I am still using my Vista til I get programmed to used Windows 7 . Time to try something new . 
got my ass kicked for basically using Facebook in my computer class .... maybe I should of wait til I went to the library . I don't want to get my money wasted and flunk out . :( 
not sure if I should take the < PROPMALE > and drive over to Crosby to the basketball game or catch it on the radio . I like to see live sports better . It is not that far and great driving practice . 
Armageddon is coming closer ... the Haiti thing and all these recent other plagues such as the swine flu might be the sign for the end times to come . It would be awesome to have Christ come back in my lifetime anyway . 
I AM BEING GANGSTA YO ... lol 
class starts at 5:30 bitch ... but it will be long but worth the money . If you want to chat me up in the < PROPFEMALE > , just holla at me after 9 . 
not really feeling that well ... having a hard time breathing and I feel like I want to see jesus pretty soon ... God please help me 
GET DITTY !!! 
there is nothing better than good ol ' fashioned propane ... yup that propane ... lol ... I sound like < PROPMALE > of the Hill 
wants a trip to Florida ... mom please let me go ... but it is very unlikely 
FAMILY GUY !!! FAMILY GUY !!! FAMILY GUY !!! WHOOO !!! 
The best way to upgrade a computer and to make sure your computer works ... buy a new one . 
ready to go back to Aitkin ... gosh this week has gone pretty fast . Maybe too fast ... next week will be only about 2 1/2 days . 
modern classical is awesome ... I don't want to sound like a nerd but lot of your modern rock and metal music has many modern classical elements to it . So is electronica .. Boom Boom Pow sounds more like a classical work that a < PROPMALE > pop hit . 
free movie weekend on DirecTV ... starz packet but not wasting my money for every weekend . 
I think it is time for us to do some praying ... for the girls basketball team to kick ass again . You can do it . And don't forget the people that are in the way of natural tetonic plate activity in Haiti . 
lets go Vikings !!! 
doesn't really know how to explain to dad the modern internet ... he is stuck in the ebay craigslist < PROPFEMALE > of about 2000 ... a lot has changed in the last 10 years of the web . 
It is either a draw between High School Musical 3 , Mr. Hollands Opus , or < PROPFEMALE > Harbor ... which one is the best of these evils . 
Minnesota Vikings are going to the SUPER BOWL ... I can see that happening . Go VIKES !!! 
freezing !!! 
It willl be nice if the Vikings will hit the Super Bowl ... GO VIKINGS !!! National Holiday when the Vikes win ... or maybe a < PROPMALE > Pawlenty state holiday ... Brett Favre day ! 
looks like I got hit my the itching plague ... I itch all over . God , I wish it would stop . 
needs to get his butt in gear ... he is going into IT and has a hard time explaining wordpad to my mom 
trying to lay some tracks on my music producing software ... I should show it off later . 
trying to make a hot R&B beat but can't really do it . But when I get it done ... I'll show this shit off . 
Rated G : Gangsta Audience should be an album name . 
The world is close to the end when The Cardinals go the Super Bowl and the Vikings win the Super Bowl ... that is a sign of the end times . 
welcome to the age of agriculture ... which has been going around since the < PROPFEMALE > of civilization during the neolitch < PROPFEMALE > about 8,000 BC .. now welcome to the age of virtual agriculture with Farmville 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øVIKINGS ! ¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „VIKINGS ! ¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! COPY AND PASTE ! GO VIKINGS !!! 
Pants on the Groud - I can see this as a < PROPMALE > hit . It is Soulja Boy all over again . 
got a headache and really bored out here ... not much homework to do . 
MSN looks like crap today ... I like the older one that worked just fine for a couple of years ... now we stepped back to about 2003 with this white background ... bleeh 
is getting his pants on the ground ... lol 
maybe with my IT degree I can work for Facebook ... I'll make this site a little bit cooler than it is now but I think the big guys might be suggesting the interface and I'll be working on maybe ironing out the errors and improve social network security . The developer side might be fun or the website construnction or platform builder . 
I can see there is going to be a new show ... RAP IDOL and I'll join . 
I am going into American Idol and making a rap .. shut your mouth < PROPMALE > !!! lol 
dear lord ... please let the vikings go to the super bowl ... amen 
For the people still moping on the Windows XP : It is old ... even if you upgrade your memory and get a few service packs , it is stil old , so it is about time to get a new computer or at least upgrade to Vista or 7 . Windows Vista and 7 are the standard for todays technology , even though operating systems XP and 2000 is still supported , get something new . It is 2010 . 
gotta get my crap done !!! 
bored ... not much to do except for mope around until this < i > extremely < /i > long class at 5:30 . 
http://www.timeforkids.com/TFK/kids/news/story/0,28277,173931,00.html 
In this long ass class til about 8:30 - 9:00 tonight ... don't hit me up til 9 . I might not be even in an operating system or I haven't learned to configure internet . 
college sucks ... it is not as great as you think it is 
< PROPFIRST > Favre as an Idol judge ... lol ... I can see that coming !! 
It's cool to be blonde and gangsta 
knuck if you < PROPMALE > 
It's hay time !!! 
WEATHER ALERT****People of the state of Louisiana , you have a four day notice to vacate your houses and head inland . Hurricane < PROPFIRST > is coming and is expected to hit land January 24th . ( Who dat ? It's the VIKINGS and we're coming to pillage . ) Copy and post as your status , let's keep this going !! 
Sno Ball ... not going but you can tell me all about it . I did it once and I want to go again , but I am too damn old . :( 
bored .... chat me up !!! 
yawn ... can't sleep 
wishes that CLC will have a dance like the Sno Ball ... I feel like going to the dance but the people at CLC are too damn lazy to put on dances . Great way to break up the winter and meet college girls . I am not the type to play beer pong all day . 
< PROPFEMALE > you crack me up ... lololololol .. 
I guess I have to quit being this old fart online trying to be \cool\ " with the other high school kids ... I think I need to move on and start meeting new people and being an annoyance in college . I'll still be friendly with you but it is the best of both worlds . " 
going to school at the white house will be awesome ... very educational experience to learn about the geeky world of the senate . 
they postponed the dance ... not cancel it . So you don't have to waste the dress you bought . Maybe valentines day we will have it . 
ready to meet some hot chicks in the college ... even though some aitkin chicks are cute . 
something we can make the funniest shit ever on facebook 
political views ... birthday party 
Do Work Vikings !!! 
Super Bowl 2010 ... Vikings vs Jets . < PROPFIRST > Favre will have to make his < PROPFIRST > and retire as a Viking . 
who do you think will win ? Modern day crusaders or a bunch of nordic barbarians . 
GO VIKINGS :) 
got a new cell phone ... my number is 1-218-839-2058 
Vikings - The Good Bears - The Bad Packers - The Ugly Saints - The Really Ugly 
14-14 ... Vikings come on 
We pulled a Viking 
I don't trust my roommates or my roommates friends . Maybe not completly but I am starting to lose my alliance and I want to move . 
I think I need to go all out a bit and start meeting new people that I never dreamed up meeting ... it might be fun and it will create a new beginning . :) 
is it okay to be shy in college and still be cool and make friends ? Or you'll have to be a partying frat boy for it to only work . How can you make friends when you are not interested in frat boy junk ? HMMMM !!! 
college is lame . :( Seems like you have to be in a sport or act like an idiot to be cool . Wy don't you people GROW UP and stop acting like fools . 
looking for girls yo 
compare people ... don't listen to that crap ! 
DO IT HEATHER ... DO IT DO IT DO IT !!!! 
I make the ladiez go DAYAM with my beatz and I goin ' to drop my swagger lyrics on the street , where I can find all the ladiez I can meet , I'm so gleek . 
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR !!!!! 
thinking about a change in apartments again ... I rather be with someone more civilized and I'm pretty sure it will happen . :) 
joined MyYearbook ... looks kinda cheesy looking but might as well give it a try . I think facebook and myspace has way better web design and interface and it looks a little more trustworthy . 
after trying myyearbook ... it is the shit !! 
I don't have any classes ... DAMN IT !!! Nothing to do ... great opportunity to meet new ppl 
yo I am bored out of my mind and I want to move out of this crap hole called Apt 24 and rather be in some place a lot more civilized . 
there are about 4,000 people in the college and I feel lonely ... I like to get to know more people and I am too shy . There are no clubs that I am interested in and I am not in any sports ... I just go to class and sit in that CRAPHOLE apartment and sit on that INTERNET all day . How can I become more outgoing ? Any suggestions ? Comment please . 
feeling better now ... I think I have to quit judging other people by race , color , creed , gender , sexual orientation , religion , socioeconomic class , hair color , family background ... we are all God's creations . 
weather.gov = REAL WEATHER . Weather.com = MTV of Weather ... everyone goes to that site and the weather is wrong half the time anyway . 
Better yet ... REAL WEATHER .. LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW . FAKE WEATHER ... checking the weather on your windows sidebar that hasn't be updated since the weather guys went outside . 
MyYearbook is the BEST !!! 
feeling kinda bored and lonely in the dark hallows of the pines apartments ... college is overrated yes it is . 
Bring back old skool Disney Channel ... not the < PROPFEMALE > Montana channel 
maybe I should start a new club at CLC ... the Technology Club 
wanna join myyearbook ... it is a lot like facebook and myspace and that crap !!! 
GRILLED CHEESE !!! 
oh gosh ... iPad !!! That sounds like the onion . 
hopes that Obama will kick butt in politics this year ... Ecomony and education reform ... WOOT WOOT 
is a panic at the disco !!! lol 
myyearbook is going to be the rage ... it is getting better every day . Way less stuffy than facebook but maybe a little too scenexcore ? 
man ... girls ( and guys ) are going crazy over me on myyearbook . Whore site ! lol 
thinking about bowling a few dingers tonight at Parks Bowling ... wherever it is . But I need a ride homie !! 
This disk managing crap is hard ... I haven't really messed around a computer in ages . 
The song < PROPFEMALE > is the shit ... quality Urban pop and hip-hop soul ... think Akon or T-Pain . Very contemporary and up to date . 
come girls basketball ... you play like ... well girls 
I should of joined basketball back in the day ... wanted to joined but I didn't like the kids . But at least I got a few ribbons in track . Not bad . 
I got this faster internet crapola !! 768k baby . 
you know how to be less critical and opinonated ? My opinions suck ... I gotta admit . Got some advice . I criticize anime without even watching it and it is all over the internet . Same with basketball and rock music I don't listen too . 
thinking about getting a new computer .. a netbook with Windows 7 . 
Man , I got a lot of learning to do !! I think I need to clean up my act . 
gotta go back to skool ... :( 
feeling kinda tired 
might walk over to JcPenneys to get some shorts and will hit the weight room to get BUFF !!! And to try to dribble a few balls , see if I can do it . I know I could .. it is not that hard . Maybe it is . idk 
If you want to news go watch Comedy Central . If you want a good laugh , go watch the Fox News Channel . lol 
just walked about a half a mile for no reason to look at Wal Mart ... must be pretty bored but at least I got myself some gymn shorts . Next time , I am not getting the taxi and being tuff . 
might be getting a new computer pretty soon ... the other one I had is DEAD , DEAD , DEAD !!! I am using the CLC server . 
I LOVE AMERICAN DAD !!! LOL 
could the IT professionals get their ASS in gear and do a simple task such as update the flash player for all the kids in the college . We got a technology fee as part of our tuition , why don't spend more time working than slacking . 
gonna hit the weight room in a bit . W00T ! W00T ! 
I hate the windows vistas admin rights ... the school don't let me download flash ! Crap !!! 
popped in a flash drive just to download some portable files and then I got a few nostalgic things from web < PROPFEMALE > design . I think these flash drives unformated brings back memories . Great time capsule . 
only 3 more days til the weekend ... wanna get a better computer with a FLASH PLAYER . 
going home to get some < PROPMALE > and Cheese down my system . 
this music production crap and Interpersonal Communications is the only things that makes college worth going to .. College chicks are overrated . In the Brainerd area , you get girls that are about the same level as Aitkin and Crosby girls ... to get all the hotties , you have to go to spring break in Miami . And frat life is definetely overrated ... my RA \causes\ " drama that we don't even start . " 
layed out a HOT R&B/pop track this morning ... I might rip it off and put it on a flash drive this week . Work in progress . 
D2L is the shit . 
almost got an R&B track done .. it sounds very sexy and funky when it is done , but it is like a pop hybrid .. think a modern guy like < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > Brown or Rihanna , or Ne-Yo or < PROPFIRST > V . 
what should be a good date to release an album ? In the spring , summer , or fall . What do you think ? 
( looks at the Aitkin High School Registration Handbook ) ... it looks like AHS is really stuck in the dark ages for a lot of class . There are a lot more computer and health care jobs in demand right now and we don't have enough classes to get us interested in jobs that are in demand . However , Aitkin is screwed on too since we do need construction and ag classes . A lot of people in the farm trades are laid off . 
I think I have been thinking about too many blondes ... I am starting to act like a blonde ... oh I lost my wallet . A brunette and a redhead will always stay organized but a blonde ... that what makes them cute . I actually did left my wallet in the AR room . 
can't stand backslappers ... UGH 
< PROPFIRST > Hanson = < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > of R&B and Urban Pop . 
Dear lord ... please help me get a new computer . Amen ! I am using the server . 
BORED ... WANNA GO HOME .. College is overated . IT IS SCHOOL !!! 
I guess I should go back to this CRAP HOLE ... THE PINES . I want some messages by the time I get back online ... I am lonely . 
CLC power has went out this morning 
I got a new music profile on myspace .. a song will be uploaded maybe tonight or tommorow . It is almost completed it and when you listen to it , you will really feel it . www.myspace.com/kycammusic 
Be my groupie ... add my music fan < PROPFEMALE > and add me on myspace at www.myspace.com/kycammusic 
I am not feeling it tonight .. lost flash drive with hot R&B in it and trying to make some more hot tracks ... maybe I should just < PROPFIRST > down my standards . I am not as good as < PROPFIRST > V or Omarion . 
not all R&B is for black people ... this white guy name can make it as sexy as any black R&B singer out there and his name is < PROPFIRST > . lol ... we should be anti-racist with music . And I am not a wigger . A wigger makes \wannabe crappy R&B and hip-hop \"" 
I think I might be coming down with something ... stomachache 
cranking up Windows 7 baby 
after using the internet for a while .. it is boring crap !!! I rather drive or get chicks or do something cool like that . 
honestly ... the internet is mainly for nerds . Look at what dominates the internet ... anime , internet memes , RPG , wikipedia , political blogs , lots of nerdy stuff on there , and explicit material for the nerdy guys that can't get some . 
windows 7 is the most gangsta operating system out there 
should I dye my hair ?? 
go All Starz !!! I am coming to your thing 
Can't really decided what color to dye my hair . Maybe this Alie Carlson type red will be good , I'll look so fine in that or a nice < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > blonde . What do you think ? 
the boys are awesome and we do have some good looking girls basketball cheerleaders :) Love the tourist outfits . :) 
wants a gf or something ... maybe the college might have some nice looking girls or some around the Aitkin area . 
likes dance music ... trance is the best 
can't really decide what I should be doing after this round of college .. should I just start working an IT career or save my money for more college , probably in a decent one . Or join the music industry . hmm 
I should start a club ... audio recording club !! 
I can see a wardrobe malfunction this year at the Super Bowl ... on the FOOTBALL field . 
oh crap the who for the super bowl ... why do we have to play this old fart classic rock at the super bowl ... maybe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tribute with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... lol 
I wanna sex you up ... Great song !!! Color me Badd from the great neo-jazz < PROPFEMALE > of the 90s . 
single life does suck at a certain age ... but at least it has it's advantages . You don't have girls nagging you and telling you off and you have more freedom . Clamping down to a girlfriend can keep you from being lonely , but beeing single could prevent you from people telling shit about you . 
< PROPMALE > give me my grilled cheese 
I think < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is right ... I think I should get off facebook , quit whining about how I can't get the girls and actually make the first move . But I got a fear of drama and rejection , and I hate it when girls make a scene when I like somebody . Could you just grow up and let me be , it will make me confortable . If I am chatting you up , I am NOT out to RAPE you . 
should I go blonde or red ... hmmm 
maybe I should dye my hair purple or green ... like these scene kids out there 
I love my penis ... lol 
I'll make you all happy ... I'll go to Hot Topic and dye my hair a whole mess of color ... land maybe put it in a sidebang and get some piercings and striped shirts and crazy colored sunglasses ... I'll look like your typical emo band member . 
should I turn scenexcore ?? I can be a scenexcore rapper like 3 ! oh3 
is a panic at the disco 
SAME DAMN THING EVERY WEEK .. I need something different . Go to college , basically do nothing , deal with YEAH BOI DO IT < PROPMALE > and World of Warcraft sounds , go home . I need to shake things up a bit . Any suggestions ? 
class is cancelled today and the snow is not falling 
might be getting a new roommate ... yay !!! :) 
I never thought of it coty ... dye it white like Sisqo . I should start a new trend for hair color ... never seen that before . 
OH again ... they changed it again . Facebook should just have a design and stick with it .. I like Facebook 2.0 the best ... the one they were messing around with in 2007-2008 with the networks . 
Is there a way to go back to the old facebook ? 
oh gosh ... my ears are bleeding from the sound of DEATH METAL 
If you want to hear the origins of the stylings of the death metal < PROPFEMALE > , go back 100 years ago in a Russian philharmonic orchestra and listen to the Rite of Spring . 
that jerk is in my apartment again ;( 
I don't really see how \be yourself\ " is really a good word of advice . What if you don't like who you are ? " 
Getting ready to watch some wrestling 
looking at all the facebook status updates ... our lives all suck . Every one of them . Who sucks the worst ? I have more sucky crap go on more than you . 
help me shake up my life a bit ... need something to make it more exciting . Sitting on facebook won't help , but I am too hesitant or shy :'( 
maybe I should change my < PROPMALE > and go into metereology ... I can lie and still get paid . lol 
ready for the Olympics and only 2 more days til I am back home from this crap hole . 
I might as well add a few people from the college to get the ball rollin ' ... :) 
I am thinking of starting a new club ... the audio recording club . 
solution to my problem .. get a Visa card and go to Vancouver for the olympics 
I like pancakes , I like pancakes , I am happy I am happy 
man there are a lot of taken guys at CLC ... I should go out and be one too . 
With about 5 other people , I am not giving out names , I look like I am one of the biggest facebook bellyachers . 
five knuckle shuffing right now 
I am just not feeling it ... I am getting brainwashed about going to college to PARTY .... I can party some other time , I got music making and learning to do . 
can't really decide what I want to do after college ... maybe go to University or go into that crappy work world . ISH . University will be way better than community college ... cheapskate parents . 
should I stay with this computer < PROPMALE > or change it to something different . I am not really sure if I am really the guy to set up networks for a living . They all say it gets good money ... it is not all about the money , I rather being doing something I enjoy doing . 
I hate valetines day !!! 
I think Wednesday is the best night to talk to girls online . 
hmm ... some of these facebook pix look like great album < PROPMALE > . Like < PROPFIRST > fontaines for instance . 
Class of 2011 rocks my socks ... CLC and AHS 
heating up some hot club banging beat ... this shit is fiya and it is hotter that yo mamma !!! You will for sure like it ... lol 
$ 10,000 beats and $ 5,000 rhymnes , it is worth the money and it is worth the time . I rather do this than moping around with my roomies . The could be gay and the would like to screw me . I rather have a girlfriend , not a bunch of hoes . I am so sick I can go with the flow . I just do it without much thought . I got the natural talent and I know I can rock . 
whoa facebook has been telling that I might be adding too many friends ... maybe I should check to see if I know them enough ... lol 
I won't clean my apartments bathroom ... NEVER !!!! I am going to hire somebody else to do this for me , but I can't afford to hire it . MUAHAHAHAHAHA 
Maybe I should of been in one of these Christian youth group colleges that don't party and have morning prayer . 
ditching the boys game ... rather watch countries march down the olympic stadium . 
lets see ... my dad looks pretty Australian . I might be part Australian ... he got the features of a typical Australian . And I look pretty much like a thinner face < PROPMALE > or a Fin , but I don't think I am that hardcore in either nations . 
I officially love this song In My Head by < PROPFIRST > Derelo . Composed by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
I am trying to figure out what I want to do when I get out of college next year ... maybe work a year ( ish ) and go into more college . I want to go to a college with somebody I know and love is in there , so I can have somebody to < PROPFEMALE > onto . < PROPMALE > ? Bemidji ? idk 
hopefully I am going to find someone to love somebody .... I want somebody that respects me and make me feels good inside . Maybe it is someone close by . 
can't sleep again ... bad toothache . 
< PROPFIRST > is maybe the most perfect guy in the world , that everyone can't help but love . he's handsome & nice but can be annoying =] he's a sweetheart when he's not with his friends and he's amazing ! 
feeling depressed and left out again ... I hate mood swings and I am a guy . :'( Lack of testersterone ? 
check out my new pix and comment on them . No hair dye yet but I might jock this shit a little later ... I am not sure if I should do it now or later . 
can't wait for community band !! 
I WANT CAKE 
blondes literally DO IT better 
I got told by facebook that I have been commenting on too many peoples statuses and that might mean I might be a spammer . 
I need some help here .... I am not really trying to harass you in anyway , I am perfectly harmless for the most part . I just need some advice one when I should shut up in online conversations with a group of people . 
the luge will be an awesome fair ride ... lol 
I hope I don't get banned from facebook 
The All Starz are way at the top . Way to go !!! 
The reason why I am jerky and opinionated ... I don't really like myself and the situtation I am living in . I wish I was a nicer , more considerate kid and I wish I wasn't that naive and cold hearted . :'( 
I want to be a nicer kid ... why I have to turn out to be so jerky and rude . 
facebook does need better filtering features ... I don't really know how to shut up . 
I wish I could go to the Sno Ball this year or any other dances , but I am too old . Aitkin should have a club and I could meet girls in the club , not on Dorkbook . 
It's Valentines day and I suck at women ... I don't think I'll ever have anyone love me :'( 
I am soooo BORED RIGHT NOW ... HIT ME UP HOMIEZ !!!! 
hates career tests and I am getting the munchie and I haven't been smoking weed . 
NASCAR is pretty much officially dead .... most of the Daytona 500 is commentary , a few country stars singing , and maybe a few holes being patched . 
The track is winning the Daytona 500 
likes boobies 
the all starz should be on Americas Best Dance Crew 
I wonder what my new roommate might be like ... I hope he is a nice one . 
I think I am having college sophomoritis ... means you realized that it is not all about the partying and that stuff , and you need to clamp down on your schoolwork . 
old skool country ... ish ! Hearing this crappy stuff on the radio when I can't sleep . 
Maybe second thought ... I might have to actually keep my lame ass opinions to myself unless I really know what I'm talking about , like a certified degree or actually listened to/watch it . 
R . < PROPFIRST > is good shit 
You been officially been chopped n skrewed !!! 
You want your sno ball pix all PIMPED UP ... come and ask me . Aitkin sure has some cute girls when they are a prettyed up . Maybe I can get to know some of them a little better . 
omg something is weird here ... I feel like I am more one of the girls . I am starting to act like one . 
I feel lonely and I feel bored . I want some change . Maybe some new friends and maybe a gf . That will be nice ... :) I hate the way things are going now . 
:'( damn college life sucks here ... it sucks . I sometimes regret what I am getting into . I WANT CHANGE and I am feeling pretty crabby . DAMN IT ALL I want change ... community band , a girl , new friends , a job ... :'( 
I am lonely . I need a girl ... that will be nice . 
Remember if talk to you , doesn't mean I am going to rape you . I won't bite . 
doesn't want to go back to skool 
I am writing some lyrics for a hot slow jam made just for you 
now I am starting to like the new Facebook layout ... looks like MySpace 
I like girls with booty shorts ... DAMN !!! 
What's on your mind ? Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls 
I like cool whipp 
T1 goes at 1.35 Mb/sec ... keep that data transmitting taylor ... lol 
yeah I might be thinking about building a site like this ... alll I have to do is learn the magic powert of PHP and get the network admin degree . 
Become a fan of my R&B and hip-hop soul by adding me to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
why is everyone using facebook ... myspace has a better layout and it is a way better site . It is the original social networking site . 
we are having a Valentines dance in the college too 
I am looking for girls ... no time to do stupid stuff !!! Girls like guys that have class 
hmmm ... go to the dance or watch the Olympics ?? 
Tommorow night I am going to show the world what I got ... lol 
mashed potatoes is redneck food , definetely . GIT R DONE gotta eat those mashed potatoes . 
If you don't like me commenting you on your status ... ignore it . I just want to keep in touch and to get to know you guys a little better and to make new friends . :) 
What position do you like ladies - < PROPFIRST > Merek 
I am a libertarian ... we got freedom of speech damn it ... I'll say what I want . 
Lent starts today ... feels like spring !!! 
CheapNet ... lol ... like that name for slow internet speed 
can't wait for community BAND !!! 
gotta go to class ... crap 
I have a feeling that the boys basketball team might go somewhere this year :) 
making a hot R&B song again !!! 
oh baby I got a obsession on you , oh baby I got an obsession on you ... I think about you all night , all day , etc . 
now I really got something to brag about .... I can really kick < PROPMALE>'s Butt in audio recording anyway . I can kick anyones butt because I can make damn sexy slow jamz that even make white people go DAYAM !!! 
you gotta be trickn ' if you got it !!! 
SPRING BREAK SPRING BREAK SPRING BREAK SPRING BREAK .... lets get some hot chicks .... WHOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so promiscolous !!! 
I am sick of all the drama that is going on this site ... don't ask questions , I don't want anymore drama !!! 
got some new gear yo !!! 
I'm addicted to orange juice 
I'm a man , I can change , if I have to , I guess ... lol 
pimpin my boxes on here ... you guys got some cool shit I like to add 
A band is not complete without a Tuba ... I am not talking rock band . We mean at least 3 or 4 Tubas . 
basically don't have to go to the apartment this week ... Net Essentials canceled . WHOOOO !!! 
haven't been on myspace for a long time 
I am back on the myspace so if you want to add me or rejoin the site , just go to myspace.com/kycam23 . I want someone I know , even though people are willing to meet me . 
http://www.myspace.com/reloc.cfm?c=2&id=689f40f3-5744-4c8c-a017-17e5a8c95532 
oh gosh ... it has been revealed to my parents that I like booty shorts .... lol 
oh gosh ... looks like my dad is more addicted to the internet than I am 
I like KEWL WHIPP !!! 
I don't see many guys on facebook anymore 
I don't have to go to any classes in college til Tuesday !!! 
release the hounds 
gonna have my return for concert band pretty soon ... the good ol days are back . 
I must be procrastinating ... I gotta do my midterns soon and study for Net Essentials 
perfect college schedule : Partying , partying , naptime , facebooking , partying , getting the chicks , audio recording , rapping , facebooking , and fishing . repeat !! 
Phineas and Ferb rocks my socks ... :) 
hmm see Wall to Wall .. is that how < PROPFIRST > Brown got his idea for his song ? 
going to watch CI tonight ... I skipped out of school to watch this game . Of course , it is Crosby DAMN IT Can't miss that . 
sniffing out colleges to go to after Brainerd What are some good ones you are planning to attend ? I might like < PROPMALE > or UMD or Bemidji 
I am ready to see you guys put on footloose this spring . 
Aitkin needs a R&B and hip-hop station ... 101.5 The Blaze The Hottest Jamz in Central Minnesota 
yeah I think EM DOGG should have a record deal with Snoop Dogg !!! lol 
the flu might be hitting me ... feeling like I have a queasy stomach . And I chicked out of the H1N1 shot clinic because who wants to get a shot anyway ... flu shots really hurts and it sucks !!! 
got some homework done ... need to get that intro to operating systems crap out of the way and maybe start thinking about the midterm I'm procrastinating on !! 
In heaven above In heaven above In heaven above - in the tune of All of the Above by Maino 
hmmm ... jazz punk will be a great style of music to create . Come on scenesters ... start the jazz punk culture . 
what if jesus was one this site ? 
I think my Net Essentials professor is having a good old fashioned meeting with the fish house 
Ditto to < PROPFIRST > Miller that believes all sophomores are idiots . 
yo I have to build < PROPFEMALE > crib pretty soon ... it is going to have everything ... swimming pools , a producer studio , a sauna , a home server system , gaming LANS , etc . lol 
haven't really slept that well last night ... must be that god awful on and off flu bug 
checking out the family histories of some of the people in Aitkin ... I did not know but this is a true fact that my great great great about 10 times grandfather was one of the first minutemen who died in the Revolutionary War . Not kidding you . Proven fact . 
gonna see whatz on the boob tube again ... ahhhhh I love you couch and I < PROPFEMALE > you remote ... lol 
Windows 7 is the most gangsta operating system out here 
Oh crap ... another < PROPMALE > Haiti type earthquake had hit Chile ... possibly a < PROPMALE > Tsunami ... end times are coming 
community band starts in a few days 
have to go back to school tommorow :( 
Why are we having so many natural diasters lately ? Is this something man has been doing to cause the end times or the good lord thinks we need to be more considerate to each other , such as the people in Haiti ? 
Actually I am ready to go back to the college ... I am missing out on my roommates . Community band will start and I need to get my grades up . 
I think facebook should bring back the social timeline ... that will exactly tell you when you made your friends 
oh gosh , oh gosh , oh gosh ... there is chile relief already ... wait til about Aug 25 or so when we got ... um ... Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > hit Florida ... then we will have Miami relifef 
bored !!! 
I don't really know that sucks more ... old skool country or old skool rap ... maybe I'll give it to old school country ... these guys are annoying 
wishes that I will be down in Florida for spring break 
have to go back to the Central Lakes College and the apartment . I hope this week might be a good week and I would like to expand my horizons and meet new people in the college . Maybe people will be more open in the spring . 
blondes do it better ... trust me 
is baffled of the fact that the Hawaiian flag has a British union < PROPFIRST > on it ... even though it is a US State . 
holy shit .... I have to do a 100 point midterm . DAMN IT !!! 
For the snow b gone freaks ... upper 30s lower 40s and sun all week . Start taking out the shorts and the hoodies 
tonight is going to be the night when I go back to some of the staples of the original < PROPFIRST > Hanson , not this fake guy that come out of the horizon around March 2005 , and that is community band !!! If you like old skool < PROPFIRST > Hanson , give me a like . 
I think some of the old features of facebook shall be back like Tagging and social timeline and actually browsing for dates ... that was good 
might be throwing in that hair dye pretty soon .. pic of it coming pretty soon !!! 
someday I'll make a hit single ... I mean someday . But for now , it is just fooling around in the studio and seeing what I am coming up with . I am thinking about making a few songs this spring and at my own time in the summer and maybe expect an premirere release in September 
feeling very enlightened right now ... thanks to Coty Kremer !!! 
trying to get my hair dyed but don't have anyone to do it for me ... oh I might send some pix up of the blonder version of me :) if I get it dyed . Got locked out of my room again . 
using facebook on a good old Windows 2000 system ... pretty much one of my favorites of Microsofts franchises of operating systems . I like Vista too ... because Vista is the Windows 2000 interface all over again 
gotta practice that gritty < PROPFEMALE > part and maybe do a little bit of client os admin homework ... learning about printers and drivers 
I'm gonna do it !!!! 
manswers is the shit 
academic probation crap ... UGH ... at least it is better than legal probation 
rangers on the ground ! Rangers on the ground ! Make them look like fools with the rangers on the ground ! 
Go Home CI 
Strongly believes that < PROPFEMALE > Hoge has WWE Diva all over her !!! 
:'( 
I am just having one of these sad moments again ... I think it's because we lost 
looks like I am on the shit list again ... lol 
oh I think I need to get some homework done ... I must be procrastinating 
I wish people would like me better :'( 
is getting sick of being single 
making simulated versions of you guys on the Sims 3 ... tell me what you think 
oh gosh ... the black guys are even impressed with my RAP BEATZ 
Good night ... I love you all !!! 
I think we need a beat making battle pretty soon ... see who can kick my ass in laying some hot tracks 
you never know ... someday I might somebody to love ... someday .... maybe somebody might understand me . DAMN IT !!! 
gotta go back to skool again ... time to meet girls ... yeah boi !!! 
SPRING BREAK NEXT WEEK !!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
thinks coty kremers about me is the most thoughtful thing I read in a long time . 
feels like I want to start things over again ... I am just feeling it today 
I hate desert island questions 
oh I gotta get my butt back in that apartment to get some food and then COMMUNITY BAND TONIGHT ... WHOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hitting the studio tommorow abnd writing flattering songs 
I think I need to see a counselor to iron things out . I must be all messed up and I think I need some help pretty soon . Just look at my notes and my status updates ... I sound insane ! 
I have issues ... I really need help . I think he had a mess of mental disorders that make me all screwed up ... I have just general depression , schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and ADD , and maybe a bit of borderline autism or Asperger all in one ... maybe not the autism ... gosh :'( 
I might be thinking about changing majors ... I like computers but with this generation of being exposed to them too much I rather do something else . I rather be creative instead doing all this mathy and sciency shit ... ish . I am not a geek ... lol 
hmmmmmm ? What should I go into ? Theology , sociology , journalism , music production , teaching , psychology ... hmmm 
thinks his roommates are pretty annoying ... except for < PROPMALE > . I can tolerate < PROPMALE > and tyeson back in the day . The rest ... meh ... I hope I get different people that like music and band and go to bed and that shit next year . 
I must be a big fat loser ... I go to bed before 12:00 and I am a \college student\ " . DAMN I am seeing more high school kids than college kids ... I think you guys are better . " 
I'm feeling enlightened 
I think you should all post a thing on here saying ... things about the real me . Tag your friends and lets spread this on 
still trying to decide on a career ... any suggestions 
Tempo diLearno ... very clever < PROPMALE > !!! 
oh gosh ... I have been spending too much time on the computer . My former teachers are telling me ... lol 
I think I had declared my major ... Facebooking !!!! 
time for < PROPFIRST > Hanson to do something again ... bend over , here it comes 
The boss on Blondie definetely looks like a boss 
making a downright HOT R&B-pop beat right now ... it will for sure heat up any club and it shows my more sensual side . 
crap ... I had to actually clean the toilet in the apartment ... oh it wasn't that bad . It makes me feel better about myself when I do something for somebody else for once . 
oh I guess I might be sitting in Brainerd til 2012 ... then I might not get out the door and into the workforce by 2014 . 
I was just fine tuning some of the beautiful stuff I made with the Pro Tool ... maybe some good jazz harmonics with the electric piano will sound good with a nice ostinato synth lead effect :) 
feeling kinda tired out today ... must be the weather 
would most likely marry a blonde ... blondes are so beautiful . Not the dumb < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > bottle type , the real blondes 
sinus infection and throat ache .. GAH 
Bullet for My Valentine ... nice Swedish produced Metal 
gotta get my head screwed on ... gotta realize that I should not be this big rap superstar and my ancestries are closer to a Norwegian , not a Nigerian 
dear headache ... go away bitch 
nearly 60 by next Thursday 
daylight savings time is tommorow ... gotta save that money on the electrical bills 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > gets the number one song of the decade ... I think low deserves the part . 
who do you think in Aitkin is most likely to become a celebrity ? Me or < PROPFEMALE > Hoge or somebody else 
DAMN internet is too slow ... I payed for 768 k , I want 1 Mbs 
come on mr. sun ... shine yo ass down in minnesota tommorow ... I don't want mr. cloud dissin ' you ... lol 
what is the deal with spring break ... while the classic frat boy will be living it up in florida , I'll be sitting in the wonderful beaches of my backyard 
social interview sometimes can get annoying ... cool app though 
why you damn internet has to be so slow 
a squirely might be eating my internet cable 
thinks that high school kids should have spring break too ... it will be nice , but if you not hanging around the beaches probably half naked , it is pretty overated ... lol 
gotta write a book about the crazy shit that happened to me and how this stuff relates to now . 
not been feeling well ... must been the pollen out there and maybe a little flu bug . 
looking back at the good ol ' days ... I think a few girls did have a crush on me back like 6th-7th maybe 8th grade . I think it was < PROPFEMALE > Larson back about 6th and maybe < PROPFIRST > Riggs about 6th grade 
< PROPFEMALE > Duff knows me ... she actually talks to me 
writing the * Kc-Hanson segement on my story ... geez that was a long segment 
want a good life changer ... it is all about this cool guy named God . He was the creator of all and he brought he son down to prove to us all that really we are here for a purpose . 
is learning how to shut up :) lol 
I want to book a celebrity to go to central lakes college ... that will be sweet . 
tired out ... gotta take a trip to the bed so I can enter the dream world 
today was a good day 
I don't get why < PROPFIRST > Swift is so popular . She is just another country singer . Not even that ... she is a pop singer that acts . Not that good . Singing ... passable . Looks - damn she'a hot . 
I guess I need to eat more meat 
starting to feel wore out again ... thank God for another great day and maybe seeing a beautiful girl at McDonalds again . 
facebook is thinking that I like guys ... that must be a glitch in the programming ... lol 
I am up to the Roguesta section in my story 
looking at th funniest , most stupidest shit on the internet 
the daily babe on facebook is the greatest creation since sliced bread and youtube 
this spring break just whizzed by 
ke$ha is the shit 
figuring out career stuff ... it looks like maybe a teaching degree 
Braham is going to kick some ass tonight . DAMN Rite 
loves jazz harmonics 
There is a difference from being raised in Aitkin and being in Aitkin . 
it looks like I am cut out to be a middle school teacher or some type of nurse :) 
I really don't really know what I want to do with my life ... something will come up . 
ugh ... my teeth hurts 
looking for jobs ... any openings ? 
trying to figure out classes for A.A degree . Might throw in Chemistry and ishy Comp 
feeling tired but this spring break was a good one .. I can see a new beginning coming soon . A new < PROPMALE > and a part time job and the raver is starting to pick up . 
Welcome to Canada < PROPFEMALE > 
This health care and this news in general is getting to be an annoyance . They are flipping out about this health care more than the volcano in Iceland or stuff happening in Iran . 
gotta go back to school tommorow 
lover of the day is pulling a prank on me 
I gave you my ghetto pass 
got a new track online ... check it out . Working on some more . 
procrastinating again 
trying to think of who to send my beat too ... oh < PROPFEMALE > Duff needs a new tracks . Maybe < PROPFIRST > V can stand it . 
gotta figure out what classes to take in the fall ... I am not sure if I should focus more on the economics , sociology , psychology , or business ... hmmm 
< PROPFIRST > in Rock ... this sounds like a good band name 
misses the old days of track ... wishes CLC will get off their ass and start a track team , that will be nice 
gotta start writing Shiver Down 
gotta work on that damn interpersonal communications paper ... I'm planning on winging it but as long as I get the grade , I get something 
I got the damn interpersonal communication paper done ... I think I'll get at least a B on it . It was kinda relaxing typing away and researching some gibberish 
strongly believes that high school drama has increased in the last 30 years ... thanks to the internet and Ritalin 
gotta go to my occupational anger management rehabilitation course ... in other words , I get to learn about stress mangement on the job so I won't turn mean !!! rawr ! 
now I am going to the not as bad computer class ... yeah I can take Client OS . Teacher is pretty nice . 
Miller is staying in town just to let you know 
< PROPFIRST > lohan has been slipping these days ... I haven't even heard about her unless she was one living lohan . She might need to have a comeback with the Mean Girls persona again ... that was the lohan I liked . I actually liked her then . 
SOMEBODY HELP ME !! I'VE BEEN KIDNAPPED BY THIS MADMAN WHO CALLS HIMSELF < PROPFIRST > !! I'M IN A DARK AND DAMP ROOM , I HEAR HEAVY MACHINERY OUTSIDE AND I'M SCARED TO DEATH ! I MANAGED TO GET OUT THE ROPES A WHILE AGO AND I FOUND HIS COMPUTER OPEN WHEN HE STEPPED OUT !! HELP ME ! MY NAME IS < PROPMALE > SNOOD ! I'M 15 YEARS OLD AND OH NO HE'S COMING BACK !! HELP ME ! 1HELP FGJSAVJSIO ; GASJF BVDFBIj ijsdfgvwkiob 
who has been hacking in my computer ... heavy machinery ? You mean the computer lab 
got my classes figured out ... awesome classes that I'll love like sociology because look what I am doing , anaylzing people all the time . 
we got a free movie weekend on DirecTV 
we got a permit to burn our field 
the death of myspace music has came .. 30 second song clips . I am finding another site to revolutionize music the way it supposed to be ... free . 
67 for a high next Tues ... damn right 
can't really sleep ... counting sheep and listening to boring music doesn't really help . 
hates it when music sites only offer 30 second song clips ... don't the artists have enough money with the god awful expensive concert tickets 
Crosby vs Braham ... that will be a good game tommorow 
time to hit the showers ... lol 
dear nose , please get unstuffed ... lol 
Crosby is going to win the AA ... I'm betting my money on that ... $100 on that one ... lol 
this is true ... we are going to have a high in the mid ' 70s by next wednesday ... I'm spending the time outside when I am not in class :) 
take the devil up the hinds most 
ugh my throat hurts 
if I were president , I'll have a thing with free college education for everyone 
bored 
anyone want my ghetto pass ... hahahaha 
just took a spin in the car on a beautiful sunday 
we should go retro ... like back in the good ol ' days of 2007-2008 
I got musical tickets for April 9th 
don't want to go back to school tommorow 
Monday Night Wresting is when wresting is wrestling ... the lame saturday morning boxing matches on VS don't even keep up with RAW 
I wish i was more outgoing 
feels like a KFC 
yeah I can't wait to rock out to community band ... lol 
damn allergies ... you are ruining my life 
yeah a good way to relieve stress is a good laugh ... think of something totally funny and stupid 
tell me a joke ... I want something funny ... lol 
Good nite everyone ... 
writers block ... damn it all 
off to lunch then to class 
ugh my stomach hurts ... damn you allergies 
miley < PROPMALE > ft . dre dre sounds good ... hmmm ... lol 
facebook in pirate language ... lol 
facebook in gangsta language ... I'm make this 
gonna eat 
feeling blaaaaaaa !!! 
I think the Disney executives will want be to make instrumentals for them ... lol 
tried playing pool ... not doing so well 
might as well ditch of classs tonight ... I got more important things to do ... lol 
making a miley < PROPMALE > type beat 
is is not the Disney Channel ... it is the Diss Me Channel !!! lol 
this rain crap wil be all next week ... it is april showers 
rain will be coming thank God ... but it is bad for anyone going outside 
anyone want a cat ? 
depressing outside ... feelslike the cloudy days of august 
time for the hay 
my tooth hurts ... it feels like a jackhammer and motorcycle races are on my molars 
oh goody it is good friday 
yeah I think it is time for a vacation ... maybe a trip to florida . Get out of this mess . 
yeah nose stuffed up , grandma dying , and can't find a job , in courtesy to Coty Kremer , F**k my life . :'( 
trying to find a way to get my college education for free ... oh maybe becoming some type of rapper or music producer might give me my college money . 
let the lord speak !!! 
jesus please get rid of my cold amen 
Good Lord . Bullshit . God ' knows . Take the devil up the hind most 
oh I am weird ... candy cane the day before the easter < PROPFEMALE > comes 
the most accurate weather forecast is looking out your window . If you see rain clouds , it's going to rain . If you see sun , it is < PROPFEMALE > 
feeling jealous 
good night everyone !! Sleep tight . Let those bed bugs bite . 
yeah Easter Sunday is one of the few days I should be going to church :( 
going to the 40 club today 
HAPPY EASTER !!! 
yeah I am stuffed ... then about 2 hours from now I'll eat again . Bahahaha 
beautiful weather this week ... that is what I'm talking about 
aitkin needs something fun for us to do ... community center with swimming pool , sauna , roller rink , waterpark , etc . Sick of boring movie theatre and bowling alley , and the library 
feeling lonely 
going to bed on this dark cold lonely night ... but remember that God will always be on your side no matter what 
yeah feeling kinda stupid today ... and sort of depressed 
maybe I should check the workforce center for jobs ... gotta go back to school . DAMN IT !!!! 
today was a good day ... got some new clothes and are looking for some jobs , and community band . Yay !!! 
messing around with the autotune effect .... yeah I can do crazy stuff with that 
yeah I just saw this beautiful redheaded girl in the college ... she is such as cutie . I might as well get to knowher . <3 she makes me feel good inside 
central lakes college got it's share of nice looking girls 
it is a time for change ... it is a new beginner . Time to get off my ass . 
time for change 
time for change ... time for a new beginning . Maybe it i time for me to get my butt in gear and have a purpose and stop being selfish 
<3 ' s redneads 
DRM - Does Ruin Music 
trying to decide on what I should study for next year ... I hope I'm going through the right path . I need to have a purpose with my A.A 
bored ... might as well go play pool 
agrees with < PROPFIRST > Smith , the ' 90s did have a better music scene than now . Now it is a lot of Disney type stuff and generic bland pop songs with producers imported from other countries ... like < PROPFEMALE > makes our stuff , Sweden and Finland makes our music . lol 
just chillin ' at the school with nothing to do ... everyone else is in class while I am not taking barely nothing . Why am I even going to school . 
got into Reading II at least .. at least it is better than that crappy Reading I 
fun project in Client OS admin 
to the studio 
< PROPFIRST > Mauer kick some ass .... you are like the < PROPFIRST > Favre and < PROPFIRST > Cena 
77 next Tuesday ... call that global warming but with Thunderstorms 
the studio is not open ... damn it . Softbal game tonight ... good luck !!! 
feeling kinda tired and this is it for my grandma 
I'm going to see Footloose tommorow night and then maybe watch Braham play softball against Aitkin . Kick some ass Aitkin 
bored ... talk to me 
I think I should have a song for thanks for the great things grandma did to me . 
loves British accents . 
somebody should speak in tongues in here 
Mitä minun narttu voisitko olla kotini tyttö Nini juu bitch wangu unaweza kuwa nyumba yangu msichana 
just got a haircut and hopefully I'll get a real job 
went to the softball game on this nice day ... it's a little chilly but it was fun . Went back to the track field and it reminds me of the good ol ' days . 
going to Footloose tonight 
I'm feeling like I want to make new friends 
saw Footloose ... pretty much the best thing Mrs. < PROPFIRST > made so far 
going to see footloose again ... wanna come with me ? 
they should have boys dance team meet ... kinda like the powderpuff game in the fall . 
nice weather outside 
I am not sure if I am going to find work this summer . It'll be nice , but it turns out I can't get a job . 
yeah record deals are poppin out with our concert choir ... jasmine < PROPMALE > you should be like the next < PROPFEMALE > 
only 5 more weeks of this school year ... hopefully next year will be a way better one . I can see it's going to be . 
we want old skool Diss Me Channel back ... like LM , BMW , ES , etc . Not < PROPMALE > Brothers and < PROPFEMALE > Gomez or even Miley < PROPMALE > 
great job kiddos at the play ... you put on a great production that entertained other people . You never know ... the sky is the limit 
good night ... love you all ( figure of speech ) 
I think it is time to start from scratch this summer ... this year has been tough and I think it is time for me to go down the right path . I'm going in the wrong direction . 
bored right now and LONELY ... talk to me !!! 
should I date a blonde or a redhead ... hmmmm 
yeah I might have to cut down on the rap music ... I'lll still listen to it but no hardcore junk because think of what trouble that music can cause with people if you listen to it too much 
thinking about buying tickets at the college for a Twins game ... anyone want to go to me ? Meet at CLC bookstore $16 with free bus ride ... Game is May 7 
signed up for college choir next year 
trying to iron things out for next year ... hopefully things will be better 
back to the apartment ... ugh ... yeah it might be some tough times there but the school will be fine 
trying to figure out classes 
finally got that procrastinated assignment in ... saves me about 20 points down the drain ... whew !!! Next year I might be doing a lot of stuff :( 
thinks it is more of a vacation to go to college than to go home ... a lot of responsibility and crap . 
nothing to do will so much time 
whoa I got a lot of studying to do next year ... time to crack the books 
tosh . 0 is the funniest shit ever ... it is like the soup but with internet culture . 
I don't get this poke thing on facebook .... it don't make any sense 
the cops are here to protect and serve us , not pull over and harass us 
headin ' home 
yeah out of contacts ... could barely see and the pollen is making it worse and cloudy weather 
oh crap ... another earthquake , now in < PROPFEMALE > 
trying to set a record on fanning everything on facebook 
redheads are the shit 
the kyster ... hmmm 
just live each day as it comes ... you don't know what is going to happen ... you'll never know :) 
hot day 
yeah I'm feeling tired after this long day .. hope tommorow will be a good one :) 
error occured crap error occured shit error occured damn it ... error occured go to hell you son of a bitchin computer computer F YOU !!!! lol 
chat is down for maintainance ... they are trying to eradicate the boogyman from messing up our chat ... lol 
there is always something more 
I think it is time to release the big doggies out of their cage if facebook does not get their act togeter 
classes canceled today ... why I even going to school ? 
going out to the Aitkin track meet ... a little bit of old skool 
yeah it is cold out at the game and then I took a hot shower and I feel like I came out of the Hanson Sauna Company 
what the heck ... Beatles poster in the Pines community room ... National Geographics .... oh please 
ar right ... . went to a crappy funeral today . Funerals suck ! :( 
God has put on on this planet for a purpose so live it up and live it up under Christs word 
search for your name on facebook .. looks like the people you find are a lot like you anyway . If you have one of these weird ass names , you have a sense of individuality . 
wearing sunglasses on a cloudy way so the cops won't find you because of your drivers license pix . That is gangsta . 
tough day today 
I have a bad headache again 
can't sleep 
I wish I can go to a Twins game 
Aitkin High School needs a music production class 
feeling messed up today ... as always 
nice weather today 
nothing on the damn TV ... we are we paying for cable . Come on and get some good stuff on . 
kids with Attention Deficit Disorder are awesome ... they are the fun kids in life . 
one day I may find that special somebody ... somebody that makes me feel tingle inside and hair stand up on my arms .... you never know where that person will be , it could be at church or in college , or just a friends request , or just down the street and it will be like history . :) 
time to me to come clean and go back to the beginning . I'm doing this summer .... don't know why I am feeling so philosophical but I'm feeling it tonight . 
good morning 
don't like growing up >:( 
pretty much I'm spending too much time at home ... its getting pretty boring here . College life sometimes is a lot better than the stuff at home , trust me . 
boring at home ... school sometime is better . Seriously it is better to be in school than at home when you are in college if you take classes you like . 
seen a pretty good movie ... very touching and great message . 
good thing this crappy weekend and sucky sunday is almost over 
sleeping for a while but now woke up and can't sleep 
feeling tired and stuff ..., might not be feeling the greatest but oh well 
Sitting actually in the big recording studio ... Shawty Entertainment aka The Audio Recording Room 
this beat I was making is depressing ... yeah I rather make beats to make me feel better , not to feel worse 
might as well go the weight room and maybe watch some softball ... more fun than home :) 
looking like I am just wasting time here .... might as well go and watch some softball 
yeah this pizza is giving me a tummyache ... crappy apartment ovens 
good job Mr. AHS people ... I wish I was here to watch it but I had to be at school but oh well , maybe I can stream it on the internet and get a good laugh here 
Mr. CLC will be nice !!! 
whoa everyone is on tonight 
it is < PROPMALE > and I , not < PROPMALE > and me ... dumb facebook chat box 
yeah this must be the new catchphrase of 2010 : braap !!! I seen this all the time 
might be going to student senate meeting today at noon 
yeah I can't wait to go to the dance on May 6 at the college ... it is 8-12 at Brainerd College .... you can come if you want 
kinda bored at school 
being gangsta tonight again .... lololololololol 
cleaned up my apartment ... it was a mess but it was worth while 
hitting Shawty Entertainment studios in a few 
writers block again :( damn it 
what genre beat I should make ... R&B , pop , dance , hip-hop , neo-soul , can't decide ... what you think ? 
maybe I might be changing my ways ... you never know . 
I'm not here 5-10 days a week - this will be on Millers board 
ready to go back to Aitkin tommorow .. if you want to see me , hit the cell or something 
my Uncle will be coming to visit this weekend too and GO GOBBLERS !!!! Show some spirit here !!! 
gonna come home today 
gotta get some stuff done like this lame intro to operating system online class .... blEEEECH !!!! 
is at the aicota apartments now ... uncle is here 
crappy homework gotta be done !!! 
Musicalism - a new religion ... I don't think so 
being single sucks !!!! :( 
can't wait for school to be done ... only 2 more weeks 
just got another MP3 player ... hope it is going to work out and might put some songs in it . I don't know what I want to do with the old player but it is still good . 
hopes this summer will be a good one .. I feel this summer is gonna kick ass . Better than 2009 . 
maybe I should host a birthday party ... that will be sweet !!! 
it is time to start fresh and new 
Which town has better looking girls ? Aitkin , Crosby , or Brainerd 
wishes he went to prom this year but I was in college and that sucks . Kinda lonely in college too , even though I have audio recording , I haven't meet that many new people . Hope next year will be better . 
crappy weather ... 
pizza tonight ... yay 
this prom was one of the most unpredicable proms I ever seen , and it looks like it will be a good one . I might come back next year and take one of you guys . 
yeah I should host my own prom ... lol ... but we got a good dance at CLC in a few week too so it will be just as fun 
yup being 19 is going to be a way better year than 18 ... being 18 really sucks 
only 2 more weeks of college ... only 2 more weeks ... then I can come home and watch softball and baseball games and that good stuff 
< PROPMALE > tired out 
oh gosh I feel so gay looking at prom dress pictures ... oh I am looking at the women in them ... some of them look so beautiful with their evening escorts 
I am a nice kid now .... I am going to change my ways and basically not be as mouthy and act more cool . I just want all the love and respect I can < PROPFEMALE > 
BORED ... CHAT ME UP !!! 
oh it looks like we are rehashing american revolution history class on the tv ... yeah these british were jerks back then . Now they are good old tea drinkers and ones who tried to start the colonization again with the Beatles 
I'm a shy kid but deep down I can be a fly kid ... I don't get the ladies as easy as other guys , maybe deep down that it is in my imagination . 
community band was bitchin ' tonight ... might as well go back to the apartment and get some sleep and excellent dreams ... only 2 more weeks to go 
Aitkin is known to have some pretty decent girls in my opinion ... in other schools they are either a bitch or a slut , but the aitkin girls are more than being that , they are nice people to get to know as friends 
might be making a new song in the studio ... I'll send it to you when it is done . 
prom pictures ... so sick of them ... what else is exciting besides this prom .... ugh !!! 
in the studio 
beat the heat week will be bitchin ' ... might be going to all the events . Time to live it up and have fun !!!! Celebrate life !! 
trying to find out who I might be slightly related too ... you never know what will come up 
just took a nice long walk 
today was a good day :) 
yeah I'm not related to < PROPFEMALE > Farley in any way shape or form in real life ... I am just joking around !!!!! She sides with me all the time ... she is a different sister than you think she is 
oh gosh .. I can see my car on Google Earth !!!! 
exploring majors and what I should do in my life ... maybe an ahletic training , counseling , social work , sports medicine , recreational studies , marketing ... so much to choose from but I got something in mind :) 
can't get access to the studio ... damn it 
the studio is all mine ... yes it is all mine ... I kicked that work study bitch outta there ... its mine ... MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!! 
can't wait for my birthday .... I'm gettig hotter looker every year :) 
I'm just wondering ... how do you make your interests on your facebook profile link to your fan pages . I seen that on a lot of people . 
Pissed off >:( 
might be taking a version of pro tools home with me so I can make some stuff at home 
2 more days for the big 1 - 9 . It's looking good and feeling optimistic . 
next Thursday is going to be a good one 
1 more day of this crappy year of being 18 
yeah trying to set up my home edition of Shawty Entertainment ... hopefully I can get all the equipment needed for cheap off of my moms ebay account 
planning on releasing 2 albums this year ... my pop R&B album might be released in the middle of September and my hip-hop album is going to be called Black Friday and it is planning of being released on Black Friday . 
Not that big fan of NASCAR , but I can see < PROPFIRST > Busch will win this bitch ... yup , he has to because tommorow is his birthday and so is mine 
yup birthday is tommorow ... I'm turning into an old fart . But I got a lot of living to do and I should live mostly to please God . 
is 19 today !!!! 
thanks for the birthday wishes .... being 18 has been very tough and I think 18 is a tough age for anyone . Now I am over the hump and I would hope next year will be better . Keep on giving me birthday wishes 
yeah ready for a KICK ASS week in college ... studio time , dance , softball , and might be getting Pro Tools 
thanks again for the birthday wishes ... been a pretty good birthday . Just won my bid off of eBay and might be getting this stuff by Friday or Saturday :) 
12:01 ... I guess I had pulled an all nighter .... good night 
yup it looks like I seen a bike in my apartment and the TV is disconnected ... something is fishy right there ... maybe Tice came back 
arr right ... there is some hot beat cooking up on the studio ... it is an usher type beat with a little bit of lets say < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > Spears or < PROPFEMALE > Duff in it .... if you want it when it's done , I'll send it to you 
is rollin ' 
just chillin ' 
listening to death metal versions of pop songs .... soulja boy is meant to be death metal 
feeling kinda wore out and tired at the time .... gotta study for final tests ... ish 
final shit tonight for Client OS Admin ... just installng windows .. piece of pie 
going to have the most perfect feeling when I can pass this test and get a decent grade out of this evening class 
pro tools time !!!! 
dance is tommorow night ... I am ready to go clubbin ... whooo !!!! 
is officially an professional music producer ... I sound pretty damn good !!! :) 
snow on may 7 ... what the heck ... are we turning into a bunch of Scandinavians 
yeah dance is tonight ... whoooo !!!!!! 
went to a dance last night .... been pretty good .. yeah but it was tiring at the end , but worth it 
feeling tired after this dance ... have to go to the doctor today for a checkup :P 
its starting to look a lot like Christmas outside 
might be seeing Iron Man 2 either tonight or tommorow night 
checking out FL Studio 
yeah these fan pages are the shit 
long tiring day ... must be turning into a old fart ... but I'm only 19 and it's feeling good 
might be nearly 80 by next weekend .. time to take out the shorts 
loves Google Earth 
oh gosh ... it is mothers day ... the women are taking over for a day ... ish 
getting ready to take my final test on intro to operating systems ... hope this bump this shit up to a B 
off to see iron man 2 
seen the iron man ... pretty goood action shit at the end 
can't wait for summer 
yeah got the pro tools mbox in the mail today and pro tools 6.7 ... but it doesn't work with my computer and lacks the xpand module ... that sucks !!! Might as well stick to fl studio for now 
making a hot beat using FL Studio 
messing with FLs cool VSTs ... better than Xpand ! 
yeah I guess I should get some rest 
ugh :( 
gotta go back to the school for a band concert ... officially out of here Thursday at noon 
band concert tonight 
the jazz band was the shit at the concert ... bring back the old school !! 
gotta play for graduation and complete a final and I'm free !!!! yay !!! 
I got a sore throat too .... screw my life ... jk ... lol 
should I take a world history class or a western civ class next year ? 
had to sit through about 90 minutes of commencement exercises to play just 2 songs .... kinda boring !! 
just come home from a busy day ... no my 3 week vacation has started and don't know what to do . But good thing I finally escaped the craphole of 24 
learning how to curse in foreign languages so you won't get caught in school ... lol ... Si , mierda vittu joo ... lol 
fl studio is my life ... best software ever 
trying to learn this guitar ... not hard ... will be sweet to learn jazz guitar to play in jazz band 
facebook in arabic ... that is weird ... I gotta change it back to English 
it going to be warm next week ... 70s and 80s 
yeah I was getting some remix ideas for the pop concert ... might as well rap to seasons to love ... lol 
Em Dogg is amazing with her voice 
hot day today ... 75 about ... whew ! 
the lord says love thy neighbor so when somebody has a problem , you should help em 
watching a thing on the dark ages 
I think I need some help 
hot again today 
there is a job opening at the radio station ... I might as well take it 
damn I got a headache 
sick :( 
nothing going on ... just boring ... need some excitement ... ugh 
might be joining some intramurals next year ... gotta do sum work !!! But if I am crammed with a shitload of homework , screw that 
does anyone have a good name for an pop/R&B album to released this September 
what the heck is friendster ?? 
going back to brainerd again ... for shopping !!!! 
wishes I would of been in the lake today 
messing around with some synth sounds on my computer ... makin cool effects with just a start with a simple square wave 
didn't sleep well last night ... tired 
making some cool electropop type beat with the FL Studio 
went to the car show ... checked out 1973 mustang 
gotta mow the lawn 
tired out for sitting on tha mower ... but it was worth it . Early Edition is back on the TV . 
nobody is on here tonight ... whats happening here . Facebook losing its popularity 
need some money but I can't find a job ... gotta get a new cell phone 
might put old skool windows xp or windows 2000 over my crappy windows vista 
messing around with the music .. didn't install XP on old computer 
can't really make anything up tonight .. dang 
my chick bad my chick good 
stupid < PROPFEMALE > weather 
downloading a CD of old skool rock for dad 
extra channel week for DirecTV subscribers ... :) 
do you know where is a good place to get a part time job in this stupid town ? 
< PROPFIRST > o day from danity kane is so pretty 
could someone help me ? 
I guess the rain has missed my place again 
might be seeing Shrek 4 tonight 
changing my news feed settings so I will be less tempted to barge into conversations of people that don't know me that well 
shrek 4 was good 
going to watch the Aitkin band concert 
band concert was awesome ..... we sounded great 
looking back at old yearbooks from elementary school . You remember these guys like Northburg , Steinke , Matalmaki , Lindgren , Ladd , these people 
just bought a copy of this awesome Ke$ha CD 
I should make a beat for Ke$ha 
yay Twins 
Electrorock ... how does that sound for an album title ? 
why is everyone having car problems lately ? Is it some bubonic car plague ? 
is back on myspace . Add me as a friend ! New profile 
Why don't you take your P.H.D and shove it up your A.S.S 
I am bored and lonely ... hit me up or hit me up at www.myspace.com/ravercrawford2010 
facebook music is what we need ... I would love to see the music playlist things rollin ' on our profiles 
started helping dad with the shed ... might have to mow lawn 
should I join the aitkin community band ? 
it's the good stuff 
skip day would of been fun this year ... weather is decent 
nothing on the damn TV except for Americas Got Talent and the Twinks 
good luck in the future Class of 2010 . Hope you come back next year with lots of stories to tell . You never know what you will wind up with 6 months from now 
coty kremer has the best rapping skills I heard in a long time 
here is a simulated cartoon of me ... I might send you a few others of people I know 
can't sleep ... stupid stuffy nose 
welcome to the world Class of 2010 ... after graduation you have to face reality , and yeah that is going to college too 
watched the little kids play at the park ... brings back the memories 
making a Timbaland sounding beat 
making some sexy R&B jam 
screaming bathroom kid ... sounds like a good internet meme 
might help the little kids for VBS this year ... Dignified babysitter 
good job 2010 grads ... I will miss you guy , while some of you , I'll hopefully see you again at CLC . Come back to aitkin to visit 
I guess < PROPFIRST > Hansen is better than me too ... lolololol 
rearranging my old CDs 
lonely :( 
digging around for some cool synth sounds ... I want a decent bass sound 
any parties lately ?? 
raining on everyones party 
new phone ... call me at 1 -218 - 232-2306 
can't wait for classes to begin ... actually I got one class but it was a great place to kick start the new year 
I might be a messed up guy with tourettes too .. I got a lot of tics if you haven't noticed 
bubbly 
had the best spaghetti dinner ever 
gotta go to damn school tommorow ... college has summer session 
school today 
first day of summer session went pretty well 
went to the doctor and got diagnosed for ADD . Send in the Adderal 
SUN !!! 
It's like OMG 
making some trance music 
just come home from class .... bunch of homework but it'll keep me busy . Gotta get crackin 
music and naturalist intelligence = hippy intelligence 
boring evening 
You suck Twins . Come on ... whats the matter with you . Why aren't you kickin ass 
Twins kick some butt tommorow or else 
crawling 20 ft on ladders to pound nails 
um I guess it is time for me to go to sleep . Good night buddies 
thinking about going Baptist for a Sunday ... don't know which facility Jesus wants me into 
The Kyster ... that sounds cool 
still helping dad pound nails on the shed 
facebook needs the love button , the hate button , the guess it is < PROPMALE > right button , and the yes dear button 
this atteral stuff feels pretty awesome ... feeling like a different person :) Just a little tingly 
gotta go to class tommorow ... in the summer ... classes never stop for us CLCers . 
finally trying to go to bed after this long and good day 
insomantic again along with a few other sleepless beings 
just come home from class ... hope the weather will get a little better 
the president is going on tonight ... just mute the guy and watch something else , unless you think he is the greatest 
feeling tingly 
blaaah :( 
someone needs to rub that back of mine ... pretty much tough day for my body . Hope I get some sleep 
it is supposed to be nice and < PROPFEMALE > on Friday according to the weather channel . 0% < PROPMALE > of precipipation .... yeah right 
SUNLIGHT !!! YAY !!! 
Ugh ... vocab homework is the worst part of the book . Who uses these words unless you want to be some alternative hip-hop guy or an not so cool English teacher 
hopefully sleep and allergies will be better tonight .... go class tommorow morning to discuss vocab words I can't figure out 
tornado watch in aitkin county ... we are screwed 
looks like crosby is getting pounded pretty good .... hopefully aitkin will be safe 
tornado warning ... this is a joke ... I just seen a wussy little shower 
gotta find the real land of milk and honey ... lol 
um at least I slept better 
I WANT A < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
oh gosh ... hot topic has turned so wussy and Disneyfield these days ... I remember when it was \hardcore \"" 
the cover songs sound better than the original most of the time ... some of these pop song make great metal songs ... lol 
:( 
watched pretty much the best show about high school . Finally a decent show about high school that is pretty accurate ... kinda a cross between < PROPFEMALE > McGuire and maybe The Simpsons 
oh why is this mcdonalds place so addicting ? I can't go uptown with grabbing something . 
I think aitkin needs to get off their butt and show Toy Story 3 . ' can't wait to see it ... it'll be hott . 
gotta go back to the big house tommorow ... not that bad 
I wish firefox will add the dislike patches to the comments too . 
dang it ... I have to get this dumb flashcards done for this reading class . Listening to cover songs are better :p 
hates that reading homework . But I might as well get this reading done so I can go into Comp so I can get that A.A degree done so I can finally get into a GOOD COLLEGE . ( Brainerd is good but doesn't have anything I want to go into at the minute ) 
toy story 3 not playing in Aitkin til August . I remember back in the day when we had lord of the rings three weeks before it was set to be released >:( 
I am tired out aftera long day again ... at least I am learning how to read . Might have to figure out what classes I should take . Any ideas ? 
severe thunderstorm watch in aitkin ... what the heck . It is nice outside . 
usher is awesome .... good R&B . Confessions gives me the heart and soul that I need to make me feel so fly . 
hmmm ... should I suck it this year and go to college 5 days a week or just go 4 days and have Fridays off ? 
maybe I should put that 2000 clunker in for the Aitkin car show ... it is vintage . It got a good bass to blast Sisqo and DMX out of the speakers . 
computer screen messed up 
should I join college concert choir next year ... I am not sure if I can sing that good . I should try the acid test with the autotune ... if I sound like T-pain on a vocoder , I am BAD !!! 
aitkin car show , pancake breakfast , silent auction , the usual package tommorow .... might as well check out some nice old skool cars like the mustangs from the early 70s ... they are good and maybe some good ol ' Plymouths from the late 50s , and some nice 80s cars . 
not sure if I should see karate kid ... chuck < PROPMALE > is cool ... he will be a great president ... lol 
Miller said the funniest quote out there . The best diss ever . bahahahaha 
Feeling sad today :'( 
UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :'( 
I'm lonely 
I might actually consider the karate kid ... chuck < PROPMALE > 
I got my schedule figured out for this year .... will work out great 
still figuring out classes and what I should do in my life . And maybe I should take a behavior management class because I do sometimes don't have the best manners and might blow my cool and don't know when to shut up . 
loves root beer floats 
cramming !!!!!! 
The weather out here feels more like labor day than the fourth ofJuly 
nice weather 
looks like hurricanes are pounding the oil rig of Mexico .... acid rain , water up the missisipp , dang it .... the us will be a mess . 
gotta do some reading crap :( 
aitkin needs an outback steakhouse 
I guess I should be completing homework ... school never ends for this lovely guy . 
Why are people so mean these days ? I remember the days like back when I was about 6th grade when teenagers and college students were actually nice people . 
7,000 days old today 
I'm so so def 
what the heck ... where is all the good music on the radio . 
What the heck are all these purple flags flying in Aitkin main street for ? It's the fourth of July weekend , not St. Urho day , maybe < PROPFIRST > Favre , not lent . idk 
I don't know what to do ... almost everyone I know is leaving and moving on and I'm all alone . :'( 
I just had a good cry ... and I am not emo . Yeah things had been bothering me . 
Fireworks already 
In my opinion , Australia is more like the real < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > has been losing it culture these day ... now real < PROPFEMALE > nism is hard to find unless you go to Australia . 
steak tonight 
I guess I have to get this reading done ... I need to learn how to read in order to do anything else 
happy 4th 
can't wait for the fair to start 
the fireworks were good ... my front yard is the best place in the whole damn county to watch the fireworks ... that is really the only place you can see the whole effect . 
UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oh gosh it feels like a sauna outside ... so hot !!!! 
I got my official schedule for this fall figured out .... sending in the money . Looking good and fun classes I'll probably love , except for comp ish 
can't wait for the fair tommorow 
going to be hanging at that fair all damn day ... when it is not raining of course . But of course , it has to rain at least once at the fair . 
Too many girls on here ... where have the guys gone 
not sure if I should go see the rodeo tonight or not .... maybe I might stop at the fair ... idk 
hittin ' the fair tommorow .... spending a lot of time there . Got stuff to do tonight . 
needs to get his butt in gear 
I guess we have to quit bragging about our virtual farm animals on here and actually go to a place where you can brag about your farm animals ... the fair !!!! lol 
going to the fair in a few 
gonna get a new satelite reciever for the TV 
gonna be chillin ' at the fair today 
CLC needs more clubs ... the dance club was part way my idea .... I said something about that to < PROPMALE > one day and they listened . A music club will be good . 
I like real blonde girls with short shorts ... I mean the good stuff , like a nice yellow and sexy blonde tan , not this wishy washy dishwater crap 
I wish someone will love me ... I feel like that nobody does , even my parents :'( 
someday I feel like I am the loneliest person in the world ..... I want someone like me to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
I got a bad stomachache !!! UGH !!!!!!!! 
Girls need to be girls ... not just a bunch of people with boobs and curves that like to go hunting and drag race cars . 
better day than yesterday ... hopefully college will be good next year ... 42 more days to go 
a trip to Europe will be pretty nice ..... I like to go see the world but I can't afford it . I might have to sign up for an A.A class to go to these places like Monaco 
time to move on and start fresh ... brand new adventures down the road . 
we need year round schools ... think about it . We got summer basketball , little league , band lessons , the fair , marching band , band camp , VBS , church stuff , summer jobs , swimming lessons , and you call that SUMMER VACATION ?? 
I noticed that the weather channel is no even showing you weather anymore ... why is it called the WEATHER CHANNEL . It is supposed to show us the weather ... hello 
They say severe thunderstorms are very scary ... actually they are pretty calm and soothing to listen to 
come clean by < PROPFEMALE > duff pretty much describes my life right now . 
tuition paid for college ... gonna be a wild ride next year for coursework but it will be well worth it . Coming back to choir this year !!! 
can't wait to get some new people on here ... kinda boring 
boring day 
looking for possible colleges to go to after Brainerd in 2012 ... maybe < PROPMALE > , UMD , or Moorhead 
I got a reality check but pretty much when I first get out of college , I might be living pretty cheap . Which is not bad anyway because I don't really care to do anything really expensive . 
damn storms ... get out our lives and pound on us when we are in school 
I have no life :( Nothing seems to interests me anymore ... I am so depressed . 
really getting sick of these doldrums here ..... there is nothing for me to do here . I want to do some exciting with some adventure , meet new people , do things ... live it up ... not just sit at home with nothing to do in the boring little town . I can't wait to party in college this fall . 
J . R Rotem ... best music producer ever . Pretty much the next < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
took a few drives around the country today ... pretty < PROPMALE > and I should get back to doing it . Might be going over to Breezy Point this week just for the fun of it . 
got some homework shit done ... pretty hardcore story I have to read 
back to B Town tommorow 
It's ten years in the new millennium and I haven't seen much change since 2000 . Maybe we ar going back to the simpler life of 2000 , which was not that bad 
One more month to go ... and I am feeling this year is going to be a good one . Hopefully I'll make some new friends ... oh it is not going to be that hard but I have to figure out where to start 
storms again ... it must be part of our weekly routine 
Dad bought a brand new street < PROPMALE > from Wisconsin . 1935 Pontiac 
I do have a thing about < PROPFEMALE > blondes ... < PROPFEMALE > l blondes are beautiful and very nice girls ; fake blondes are usually bitches 
Got a new kickass haircut ... retro 2000 in 2010 . The good ol days are back .... enough of this < PROPFIRST > Beiber bullshit 
gotta get some roommate figuring out for next year ... hope we have someone decent and not like these kooks from last year . But < PROPMALE > was all right ... I'll miss you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > were cool too . 
can't wait to get some new people on this news feed ... more excitement than this boring crap 
the internet is fixed finally :) 
oh I got 2 relatives that are Miss Aitkin candidates this year ... 2nd cousin and 4th cousin 
stupid viruses are attacking my computers ... I have been invaded 
Aitkin has too many Swedes ... used to have more of a balance of nationalities in this town but now we are a bunch of UFF DAH ers . 
going to be pretty exciting next week at the Riverboat festivals . Lets show some pride for some of the people that been around here at least 100 years . My family on my grandmas side can go as far back as 1884 and I am somehow related to 2 of the Miss Aitkin candidates 
gotta get my pretty boy swag !!! 
I agree with Arika about < PROPFIRST > Beck ... he needs to shut up and stop blowin up on stupid things 
just got a brand new computer 
new pictures uploaded with a brand new computer ... works great 
is very indecisive about his political views ... I guess if the country is going the way it is supposed to go then we are having a pretty good president . 
good luck Miss Aitkin candidates ... I am betting my money on < PROPFEMALE > Janzen to get Miss Aitkin ... because she is old skool Aitkin and looks good . 
Not going to miss Aitkin ... good stuff on TV tonight like Superbad and wrestling and maybe baseball . 
I heard from my mom watching miss Aitkin that Jel won it ... good job Jel 
might be in the parade tommorow 
there might be a possibility that it might rain on our parade tommorow 
not sure if it is going to rain on our parade today ... it always seem to does . I might as well keep an eye on the weather about this one . 
going to watch the parade ... weather is finally good . 
parade one of the best ones we had in ages ... kinda brings back the fun memories of Aitkin before I go to college this fall . But I am not leaving completely yet and I'll see you during the weekends and when I get off 
pretty much we all want to start fresh and go back to the beginning all over again 
Can't wait for the Vikes to start ... with < PROPFIRST > Favre in there . 
Feels like I stepped into a sauna when I went outside ... and probably got the same effect , with the sun on top of it . 
checked the thermometer in my front yard ... it is 110 !!! 
a low of 70 to a high of 70 in one week ... only happens in Minnesota 
big day tommorow . Gotta get the textbooks ironed out and try to get the roommate situation figured out . I hope I'll get some good ones .. you never know what adventures I might have next year and I'll keep you posted . 
Got the roommates figured out . Still in the same spot as last year , same room , but different people , but still got good ol < PROPMALE > . Does anyone know of a < PROPFIRST > Olson ? 
ready for college to start again ... and it is lookin ' good 
I guess I am a playa ... lol 
College in 2 weeks ... I am not sure if I can handle going off alone for five days . I might feel very lonely and scared . :'( 
oh it is 12:01 and I am actually started to feel tired 
< PROPFIRST > Beck was doing pretty good in the last couple of days ... he did a very good segment yesterday that really making us get our act together 
starting to realize there is not much difference between country and rap videos ... they both got the hoes , the rimz , da club , and getting crunk . lol 
1 week to go before the party begins :) 
took a bike ride in this beautiful weather today 
Vikings on ... already !!! 
headache ... ugh 
is having a hard time with the money situation for college . How do you live a pretty decent life if you don't have much money . 
college is starting in one week ... I can see it is going to be a good one . Gotta check out at the college for textbooks and that stuff . 
up to 5 roommates next year ... here we go again . At least we got some excitement . 
feels like December today . Monday it felt like September . Sunday felt like April . Last week felt like July ... where is august ? 
the time has come to move in my crap back to the good ol apartment 24 ... hopefully it will be way better than last year . 
good times are to come at CLC next year ... got a producer like me as a roommate . Maybe we should have beat battles !!! lol 
Only one more day til I got back to school ... Hopefully next year will be good and I'll meet new people . I'll see some of you there too . 
might be seeing the awaited Toy Story 3 
Toy Story 3 was not the same as the good ol days . I was waiting for another Buzz Lightyear flick . I think they had their days . 
going back to college ... I am not sure if I can handle it . I feel nervous . 
is back to the dorm right now ... feeling good already 
come on you DUMBASS VIKINGS !!! lol 
frathouse is pretty awesome ... lol ... way better than last year ... lol 
I guess I have to go to school today ... dang it 
Geez ... it is lunchtime and it is loaded with PEOPLE !!! GOSH , I feel like I am in downtown Minneapolis 
dang it ... aww ... my mind is just turning into pudding ... this geography professor is really getting on my nerves ... officially the most ADD teacher on Earth . 
feeling thumped about the lies about overpopulation . That sociology professor is thumping his biased gloom and doom views on overpopulation already . I might have to decontaminate myself 
spit happens !!! lol 
best way to fix the US ... get a Parliament . Maybe this < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > stuff is not that bad all the time . Voted for a president is more of a hassle than having just < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > get married and get it done with . 
damn internet don't work again in the apartment ... using campus internet ... home tommorow 
back home after a long week at college ... it will be great next week !!! :) 
oh I noticed that Google Earth shows a picture of a mosque to symbolize places of religion ... isn't that a little prejudiced . 
trying to find some of the nice people I meet in the college on here ... I know the face but not the name . I think that was the original purpose of FACE BOOK 
Yes !!! Yes !!! Yes !!! Turn on Fox News or C-Span and see whats happening 
I will like to have an iPhone ... I hope it has a pretty decent calling plan and a pretty decent price . I think it will be an great investment . 
I had to go to the emergency room today ... I was losing my speech and I was starting to get very sick 
gotta go back to school tommorow ... I am not at the apartments , I am at home but I'll be back early this morning . Lets hope there is nothing wrong happening to me . 
boring night ... internet sucks at the apartments ... using the colleges 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
the myspace facebook merge is happening 
my money got stolen , my Adderall was playing tricks on me , and I barely made it to comp I this more ... fuck my life !!! But at least I am getting cable tommorow ... high point 
hopefully tommorow will be better ... than a crappy labor day weekend . They never are the most relaxing with my family . 
How White Are You ? -- My Result : Barak Obama . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/825/referrals/status?aid=1039402036 
gosh ... that lighning was loud last night ... sounded like 200 tons of TNT over Brainerd 
Dance club baby ... it is the shizzle yo !!! lol 
tired today ... need that well need rest but ready to kick it next week . 
tired out after a hard labor day week !!! 
facebook needs moods built in ... it will be a lot more better to express your feelings with moods so you can get the sarcasm 
looking back at the music of 2000 ... not much changed . Good stuff but not many things changed that much . We still have boy bands and faggy pop singers ... lol . :) 
happy labor day !!! 
back at the campus ... internet servers were fixed ... yay !!!! 
yup .... I'm sucking up to these < PROPMALE > guys at the college . I think one of them looks like a brother or cousin to me ... lol .. must be related , same features 
I think we gotten the leftovers of < PROPMALE > last night .... I looked at the radar and the leftovers probably hit Michigans and the lake effect picked it up . 
talked to some great artist that looked like me ... they are like a Savage Garden combined with Aly & AJ type group 
I am finding some people that I haven't even known I'm related too ... I'm like part Janzen like 4th cousin ... I'm like a 4th cousin to < PROPFEMALE > 
Yes We Can Bring < PROPFEMALE > Back !!! 
got comp shit sort of done ... I can do my homework pretty good late a night 
good times have come after all 
happy 9/11 . A day to remember the people who died on this tragic day and when the country came together . 
Just a dream is made perfectly for choirs 
I might finally try to get some sleep tonight 
just woke up from a long nap ... oh maybe 45 minutes is long ... but it is a nice day to do it since I don't have any classes after 11 today 
so lonely :( 
seen a pretty amazing slide show on the people of Ghana ... they seem to be happy with being poor 
frontierville is the shit !!! 
I'm like a G6 
looking for a pretty decent cell phone out there .... cheap Nokia tracphones gotta go 
this college is sooo chaotic today .... GOSH !!! 
seen one of the best simpsons episodes I seen in a long time 
can't wait to go back home ... kinda tiring week 
This sociology test was hard , but hopefully I'll get a C out of it . I didn't know I have to memorize that many dead guys ... who cares , they are dead but I guess they have some importance 
finally home 
felt good to finally go to the bathroom 
internet explorer 9 is the shit 
hates being single 
watching coyote ugly 
I been < PROPMALE > rolled ... lol 
comp assignment ... ish 
I am trying to do a comp assignment but I don't have the textbook ... ugh 
Screw you Miami Dolphins 
gotta do a dumb report on the global food crisis ... UGH !!!!! 
yeah when will the apartment internet finally work ... at least we might have some decrnt TV and football this fall 
had a pretty decent meat loaf meal 
got a lot of studying to do ... big ass test on psychology this Thursday and I got a big ass report to finish . 
Sometimes the most funniest things are the truth ! 
Barack Obama does not like white people 
Fishing on the Ice !!!! 
I was geeking out tonight by watching the Boston Symphony Orchestra play ... oh at least it is better than the other garbage that is on TV at this time 
I must be turning into Stewie staying up late listening to Russian pop music !!! lol 
just took that gritty psych test ... that cerebrum needs some rest !!!! 
loves the new music that is coming out today 
SUN !!!! ACTUAL SUN !!!! 
is learning how to use verbal advantage to diss people with intellect ... yes yes 
oh goody ... I checked the weather and we are going to have a whole week of continous sun ... I think we paid our dues enough by suffering through that rain 
ready for another week of school 
TV is boring tonight 
bored ... hit me up 
WOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just chillin ' in the college ... might get something to eat 
looking for ladies ... lol 
< PROPFIRST > Beck seems a little whacked out today 
just chillin ' at the apartments !!! 
family guy - old skool pop music - cheetoes - yesss !!! 
stupid ads 
I love it when the Simpsons shows a < PROPMALE > Flanders episodes ... they \make fun of religion\ " pretty good " 
I must be turning into a Gleek ... I watch an episode of Glee and I am officially hooked 
Student Sucess Day Yay !!!!! 
went to a speech that told us how much of a \ < PROPMALE > Simpson\ " we are on Facebook . It's true ... Facebook is made up of a bunch of < PROPMALE > Simpsons " 
my roommate has won CLC's got talent . Good job < PROPFIRST > !!! 
college is 10 times better than high school ... more girls to choose from ... lol 
I'm feeling very lonely :( 
ho hum ... ho hum ho hum 
is sleepbooking 
I got a talk with the counselor today ... pretty much I needed a kick in the ass and to stop whining on facebook 
I want my beans and corn bitch !!! 
I thought the Disney Channel was for kids ... I flipped passed it and that channel rocks ... lol :) 
listening to some chillwave music ... totally 
October 1 already ... where has the time gone ? 
back home for a few days ... back on sunday . Hope it's gonna work out !!! 
got some nice music production software to try out ... might bring my gear into the apartments tomorrow 
back at the apartments 
making some ' 80s styled beats ... totally !!! 
good night !!! 
just bombed my persuasive comp assignment ... might as well work a little harder the next time 
messing around with the keys ... playing around with awesom synth sounds this baby has 
where has the time gone ... 7 weeks of school in 
feeling pretty tired today 
Halloween hasn't even started and they are starting to show Christmas commercials on the TV and I even seen a Christmas related commercial on the Simpsons . The holidays are getting earlier every year :) 
Redid my com essay ... I hope I'll get a better grade on it 
chillin ' with some nice R&B on ... life is good 
chillin ' with some nice R&B ... life is good 
need some musical inspiration big time ... producers block again 
needs some music inspiration ... nothing seems to want to come out on the keys tonight 
ah the good ol ' days ... Randy Moss is playing for the Vikings 
happy friday everyone !!!! 
The next best thing to do to the Vikings .... bring back Daunte Culpepper and have < PROPFIRST > Tice coach . Then it will be the good ol days 
10.10.10 tomorrow ... only one in my lifetime so I should make that day special 
back at school ... had a pretty nice chicken dinner at KFC today ... life is good 
Girls and music ... 2 things that make life worth living for 
trancing out to trance music 
the college freshman looks pretty clean cut and \square\ " looking these days !! " 
yeah a party might be nice ... but not a wussy party . I want the real stuff 
Gotta see that damn counselor again ... I live in the counselors office 
why I have to be so shy ? 
Vikings delayed til 8:15 
GO VIKES !!!!! 
I seen football in the snow but not in the rain ... until tonight 
crusading the college ... lol 
can't believe that MEA vacation is already next week ... time is slipping away !!! 
I'm a single college guy looking for single college girls ... anyone interested ? 
facebook is starting to suck these days ... most social networking sites are 
facebook is getting pretty lame these days ... I think we ' re going back to the 90s when the internet was for work 
tired out today 
might be going to a CLC volleyball game tonight ... need to get out some more 
good morning everyone !!! 
am I being hacked since people that been on my friends list for years are not on my friends list anymore ... or I might be annoying people online 
making a nice sick sounding 80s sounding song 
you never know what you might turn into in college ... pretty much that is the place where the \true self\ " is revealed " 
I need to write a review on some article of pop culture ... what should I write a review on ? 
got my paper done for my yuppie writing class ... which is comp 
Comp sucks !!!! 
mean girls again ... one of the greatest movies ever 
my arm hurts 
another boring day 
having a good time playing old skool vintage Super Mario ... the game looks so cheap that it's cool with the 1980s GIF graphics and the really cheap synth sounds 
had a pretty awesome night ... hope tomorrow will be just as awesome !! 
BAH HUMBUG for Halloween ... I'm ready for Thanksgiving and Christmas !! 
movie night tonight !!! 
it's part of the man code bitch 
eating my fruity loops while messing with my fruity loops 
had an pretty awesome week this week and hope we have an even awesomer weekend 
got some new TV channels on my home TV set 
went out to split and haul wood 
can't decide what to watch on TV ... it is pretty good !! :) 
those 1950s girls with the tight sweater look pretty hot !!! 
stacked some more wood . 4 cords 
the Beatles as the greatest artists of all time ? That's your opinion , VH1 . I'll give it to something like < PROPMALE > . Beatles won't exist without < PROPMALE > even though he is dead , he started it all . 
this pissy weather is getting on my nerves ... might have the s word by the end of the week 
GO VIKES !!! 
waking up at 3:00 again ... all I have to do is thank God 
good advice : don't look at the news like the gospel 
looks like the Good Lord is going to pound us with an \land hurricane\ " tommorow " 
psych test today ... gotta study for that bitch 
brainerd is under a winter storm warning ... that means ... oh gosh ... SNOW !!! 2-5 inches of this white powderly stuff and we haven't even gotten through Halloween 
SNOW !!!!!! Ain't it beautiful outside ! 
We are in Minnesota , not in Siberia . Too early for snow . 
still gotta go to class today because we are MINNESOTANS 
got a horrible headache . Must be this record low pressure 
I'm feeling so lonely :( 
I need help finding my phone ... I lost it 
doesn't like Halloween . Christmas and thanksgiving ftw 
In Soviet Russia , Twitter follows you 
handed out < PROPFEMALE > to the awesome trick or treaters ... some of them had pretty cute costumes 
it is not trick or trick ... it is pass out a political pamphlet or treat 
2 more days til we can stop hearing these dumb election ads 
happy halloween 
did pretty good on my sociology test ... 93% !! Whoo !! Now I have to try to work on my agriculture paper after playing Farmville ... lol 
If you are old enough , you gotta get out there tomorrow and vote for < PROPFEMALE > !!! USA USA USA !!! 
getting some cool sounding instrument patches .... more patches , coolers beatz 
lets hope the American Dream will make a comeback ... you never know , you might see the picket fence once again by the year 2020 
The great American democrat kick out ceremony is taking place ... America is finally entering the 21st century 
yay ! Republicans are owning the house big time ... biggest landslide since 1948 . That is the < PROPFEMALE > I am talking about ! 
I just love it when I see a teenager or college student wear something modest like a dress to school ... when its not the prom . They look very pretty that way !!! Girls are meant to look like GIRLS and dress in girly clothes , not wear the same thing as a guy . 
doing my research project on Orthodox Catholics 
being single sucks !!! Not very good with women 
< PROPFEMALE > the moment ! 
What's the use of Obama going to < PROPFEMALE > . I don't think he has any purpose of being there sucking some more money out of our pockets . 
gotta turn back the hands of time tonight ... might as well get some extra sleep for another wonderful day 
educational psychology .... hmmm .... that sounds like a consideration for a college < PROPMALE > 
back for another week ... gonna be a short one 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Montana ... she is starting to look pretty good these days :) 
gotta do report dealy on the Orthodox church ... that church has preists that look like they came out of the WWE 
UGH !!! Powerpoint Presentation and paper in one day !!! 
got a B+ on my comp assignment woot woot and finished my assignment on Orthodox Catholics 
band concert tomorrow night ... planning on for sure going 
band concert tonight ! 
band concert was pretty sweet ! 
lets see if I should get hypnotized again ... it was crazy experience last year 
We lucky college kids get a day off for veterans day while you high school kids have to sit through another day of school . 
bored ! 
the weatherman says we're gonna get 8 inches of Snow on Saturday 
went to the dentist and then hauled whole bunch of wood 
meet the fockers and world strictest parents 
6-10 inches of snow possible in Aitkin 
snow looks very pretty outside 
facebook = bunch of teenage drama and advertisements . Kinda depressing . Seems like everyone is taken or breaking up with someone everyday and I am a single guy . This is making me feel more single . 
getting my classes registered ... gotta take the meat and potatoes ... still gonna be in concert choir next semester 
I'm pretty sure this snow is gonna stay ... it is that time of year 
getting ready for that choir concert coming up 
did an awesome job on Orthodox Catholic project 
has a feeling that myspace might overpower facebook again ... they changed myspace and this site looks old compared to myspace now . Check it out !! 
nothing to do this afternoon ... might as well catch up on my comp 
making beats 
choir concert tommorow at Chalberg theatre - 7:30 PM 
choir concert tonight 
gosh I'm a celebrity ... I made it to the Aitkin paper . and maybe Brainerd Local Access TV . lol 
I guess I am one of the only kids that is not pumped up to see < PROPMALE > Potter . I think it is very overrated and just for a way for JK Rowling to make more bucks . 
thinking about University of Wisconsin - Superior around the year 2012 
yeah it is officially winter .. we are getting snow today and wednesday , and below zero weather on thanksgiving . Ah the good ol days 
looks like this snow is an appetizer ... we'll get the main course on Wednesday 
got psych test done ... pretty easy and I hope the studying I did pays off . 
got an A on both of my cultural geography papers :) Way to go !!! 
making an akon type beat ... akon will sure love the beat I'm making 
going home today 
yeah I am feeling tired today 
happy thansgiving 
gonna eat some turkey 
turkey was good ... trying to change the thanksgiving tradition a little bit by eating out for thanksgiving 
< PROPFIRST > brown thanksgiving ... yay !!! 
I believe that children are the future , teach them well and let them lead the way 
watched a pretty good raunchy frat boy movie ... lol 
more snow in the next couple of days ... sweet !!! 
still looking for a gf but haven't found one yet 
let it snow let it snow let it snow 
looks like we have a beautiful winter wonderland outside 
how did they get all of the sudden so many 13 year old pop stars ... we have < PROPFIRST > Beiber , now we have this < PROPFIRST > Simpson and Greyson < PROPMALE > . Music is going downhill :P 
any single girls on here .. looks like everyone is in a relationship these days 
cold 
very tired today ... didn't sleep well 
weather is nice today , played a bit of Left 4 Dead , and met a pretty awesome girl . Life is good :) 
took a great well needed nap on this awesome day 
watching tv 
not feeling so well :( 
got my tuition paid for next semester and dad is getting a new pickup 
I don't get what these cartoon characters for profile pictures are all about , but I'll stick one on here ! 
show off your favorite cartoon to end child abuse ... I picked animated < PROPFEMALE > mcguire . There is a good barrier between good discipline and hurting a child 
2 more weeks til Christmas ... 1 more week til the BIG FINALS 
pretty tough and stressful day ... only 2 more weeks til christmas 
I can see 2011 is going to a good year . 
ready to come back to Aitkin to watch the Gobblers kick some butt this year ... something to look forward to when I come home from college 
I need a job 
got my hometown essay done 
college gets so lonely these days ... I can't wait til christmas to go back and see some people that really care for me 
had a pretty nice spaghetti dinner . Ready to get started with my story 
got my story completed . Ready to send it in to < PROPMALE > Friday for a grade . 
gotta go caroling today 
trying to figure out what I should being doing in my future ... any ideas for careers ? 
trying to find careers is tough 
winter storm warning for aitkin ... 6-12 inches 
almost done with the first semester ... hope the second semester is a good one . I meet many cool new people and probably made a few friends , and hopefully I'll meet a lot more next semester . 
good morning ... I gotta go back to school for about 2 more days ... then it is home for the holidays .. yay 
the vikings got what they asked for ? An open stadium . Save a few bucks . 
got my textbooks today ... $300 worth ... hope they'll teach me something 
cramming 
psych final today 
got psych final done ... I think I did pretty good on it . Now I got the sociology final and the cultural geog final , and then I am ready to go ! 
can't believe that this semester is already over . After a few tests of course 
didn't do too well on the cultural geog final ... got about 85% on the sociology final 
officially done with classes for the first semester . Gonna reward myself by going to the choir concert tonight . 
my tooth hurts :'( 
watched a show on hippies . They looked like some crazy looking people back in the day 
went for a ride on some old clunky snowmobiles ... one from 1973 
getting my head screwed on ... looking for careers and stuff 
oh I love the smell of vintage snowmobile exhaust ... it smells a little more distinctive 
most likely are going to see the All Starz dance tomorrow night . They are just pure awesomeness !!! 
another snowstorm to ruin a Vikings game ... 4-7 inches in Aitkin 
took a nice long nap ... an hour long on this snowy day 
christmas vacation is pretty overrated 
watching the little kids play at the Rippleside playground in my car ... brings back memories :) 
facebook is starting to get boring ... looks like a lot of people I know are not on my news feed anymore , just younger people 
can't wait to put on the Yule Log and 24 hours of the Christmas Story . it is hard to choose 
saw one of Santas helpers walking down 5th street in Aitkin ... there was literally a guy with a red suit 
aitkin got beautiful christmas lights this years ... especially around the SE end of town . 
< PROPFEMALE > gave me some pretty decent stuff this year ... got a new shirt , a gift card , new pajamas , and some Axe 
had a pretty wonderful Christmas this year 
vikings are postponed til Tuesday night . Dang it !! 
went back to Brainerd for some shopping over there . Bought a few new clothes and a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > CD . Pretty nice looking girls there ... lol 
I am feeling that 2011 is going to be a great year . I haven't really had a fun and laid back year since 2007 . 
got a few job applications and got resumes printed out ... hope I'll get a job pretty soon 
Here are my top 10 months of 2010\ 
\ 
1 - August\ 
2 -May\ 
3 - June\ 
4 - September/November\ 
5 - July\ 
6 - October\ 
7 - March\ 
8 - December\ 
9 - April\ 
10 - January\ 
Honorable mention : February 
KKIN is starting to sound pretty hippy for an old people station ... where are the old guys like < PROPFIRST > Como and < PROPFIRST > Sinatra 
is there anyone single on here lately ? It looks like there are a lot of taken people 
filling out job applications ... hope I get one ! 
sick of all this drama . Why don't you all treat each other with respect 
snow is beautiful outside . And I am really tired 
satellite is not working because of the snow 
1/1/11 ... that sounds like a cool date and it is time for a new beginning on that day 
looking at the old stuff that I written for English class in the last 10 years .... I sure have some good writing ability ; might as well make more stories and publish it online . 
pretty sure this year is going to be a pretty awesome year ... brainerd shopping tommorow . life is good 
ready to go back to college and to meet new people , have new experiences , etc . Can't wait ! 
another cold lonely night 
good advice for you college students : Try to find a < PROPMALE > that you at least can get a job in ; thats what you are going to college for . 
hope I get some really cool dreams tonight 
the best way to save some energy : Go back to using candles and flashlights , use the old school ice box , freeze some food out in the cold , and cook food on the BBQ . Worked for many years , should work now 
going back to the high school to watch the dance team ... I think they are performing tonight 
can't wait to go back to the good ol ' CLC for another semester ... good times are ahead 
still looking for a job 
ready to keep it real in the college home boyz !!! lol 
looking for old school friends I used to know that moved away 
for anyone that got DirecTV , there will be a free movie weekend so enjoy !!! 
college is going to be good next semester ... good times are a comin ' . Good classes for me and best of all ... MORE COLLEGE GIRLS !!! 
trying to get careers figured out again ... it is pretty hard in this unpredictable economy 
new phone !!! 
one more night til I go back to the college ... to start another semester . Yay !!! 
gotta go 28 < PROPMALE > to the big college ... CLC ... oh boy !!! 
back to the pines 
just chillin ' in the dorm doing what I love to do ... listening to random music ! 
check out my new video 
first day of class today ... don't have much except for public speaking . Time to meet some more new people and some college girls :) 
might be going lifting today .... gotta get buff !!! 
downloading finally some good synthesizers for my music production software ... sick of these clunkers 
dropped that hippy dippy math class . Might as well get that math done next year and get that PE credit that I need . 
might be another slacker semester for me 
good luck charlie ... who cares if it's on the Disney Channel it is still an awesome show ! 
should I make a hip-hop , pop , R&B , or dance track . Or mix them all together . I can't decide 
only one class today 
college does get pretty boring sometimes when there are not too many classes 
added a class in my schedule ... I am taking world history instead of math and might take that math stuff next year 
Capn ' Jesus Christ ... Facebook in pirate language is hilarious 
What is next - facebook in gangsta language . 
gotta go to school again ... choir and comp 
got a lot of comp to do this weekend ... and I gotta do some apartment cleaning too 
one more day of college til the long weekend 
not sure if I should go bowling tonight or might as well stay at the apartment ... I need a ride if I do decide 
might as well ditch bowling 
in soviet russia the girls ask the guys out on a date 
doesn't get why we have to get a day off for some guy who gave a speech about 45 years ago . The people in the South actually go to school on that day . 
has a pretty awesome history class this semester ... we can learn about the great and not so great things that happened back in the day 
shorter week in school next week 
tired out after a great turkey dinner . MLK day tommorow but got lots of studying to do ... history especially . 
happy MLK day ... got lots of stuff to do in history and comp 
I guess all the astrological signs had changed so it is a bunch of BS . I'm an Aries now not a Taurus . I'm confused 
going back to school tomorrow . 
back to the apartment after another long and tiring day at school ... comp was boring today and it looks like haven't did too well on the first history quiz . Oh well 
good thing I got my speech done in public speaking ... it was a relief and I am ready to move on with my day . Gotta study psychology , history , and that stuff 
anyone wanna chill with me ... hit me up :) 
I guess the CLC choir could sing < PROPFEMALE > rigby better than the ones on American Idol 
its going to be -25 tonight ... good ol Minnesota winter 
walked through -22 degree weather with frostbite to school to realized that my class is canceled 
I guess I have to watch my mouth while talking about politics or religion on this site or might as well try to stay away from it completely 
Best way to fix the economy ... get off your butts and work ! Get a job you lazy people . If you can't find one , make a job ! 
you know any places where there are job openings around the brainerd - aitkin area ? I am looking for a job 
might be seeing the fockers tonight 
looking up relatives ... it looks like I got a lot of cousins 
back to the grind for another week of school 
probably have to start looking for jobs pretty soon 
does anyone know how to write a resume and a cover letter ? I need one to find work 
mean girls 2 
I think I should write a book about all the experiences I had in college in the last 2 years . Last year was epic 
thinking about starting a club . Maybe a music club or a history club . 
a lot of craziness is going on ... might as well get out of this place for the night ..... lololol 
the first thing I am buying when I get enough dough is either an iPod or a new computer . I'm getting hp from now on - not these acers that seem to wear out after 2 years of using . 
Don't sneer at me but I think this Disney produced music sounds very talented . They have great producers that know how to make catchy pop songs . And I am nearly 20 , not 13 and I know a lot about music . 
psychology and history ... college does have a lot of homework some days 
reading history ... Australia was the best part of my reading since it was a pretty peaceful area 
I'm just wondering girls ; what do you look for in a guy ? 
history history history ... at least I am doing what I am supposed to do when I am in college 
lets hope there are some more beautiful voices on American Idol tonight 
watch life in a day on youtube 
watched life in a day ... check it out ... you'll be amazed on how exciting a boring saturday in July could be . It is only boring for the one who sees it's boring 
I don't get what is going on in Egypt right now 
I think Egypt should be under British control again . There will be a lot more freedom in Egypt . 
gotta get this rhetorical analysis thing done :( 
tired out !!!! 
it looks like facebook is turning into a old people site ... I thought social networking sites were the thing for younger people like teenagers to do 
I can see someday that either < PROPFEMALE > Duff or Miley < PROPMALE > is going to stop in Aitkin and get drunk at the landing just like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > did . 
gosh I have to do some hard reading for my research for my history writing assignment . 
might as well work on revising my comp assignment ... this will give me less work , but it is still work 
thinks girls with Russian or Eastern European descent are very pretty ! 
probably have to get this damn paper done ! UGH !!! College could sometimes be a drag 
finally got my history report done and I think I did a good one ! 
watching a show on Walt Disney ... if he was alive today he would probably hate < PROPFEMALE > Montana and love Avatar 
back home from the college ... not as exciting as you think it is ! 
likes the new McDonalds malts 
super bowl is boring ... even the commercials 
come on - it is time for some new music on the top 40 charts . I am getting sick of the same old songs that we had on the radio since last september or so 
41 above zero by next week ! 
I think it is about time to figure out what I want to do for a career . Hope I find something that gets some dough and that I enjoy 
getting a new roommate tomorrow . Hope he is good ! Meet some nice looking ladiez that are just one apartment down from me - maybe I should get to know them a little better 
listening to some good old 80s new wave ... totally ! 
got about a 70% on my history quiz ; a lot better than before 
I am pretty optimistic that I am going to have a girlfriend by this fall 
new roommate pretty cool !!! 
took the CLC Student Life survey - cut the games and have real stuff like movie nights and dances ! Thats what we really want . Not all people are Halo fans ! 
going to finally try to decide what I want to do for a career ... business might be good ! Maybe I could start my own club or something like that 
hmmmmm ........ 
? ???????? ???? ????? ??????? ??????? ???????! I really don't know Russian just using Google translate 
????? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > chow < PROPFIRST > chopstick kung fu kiyaaah 
I didn't know there was a Crawford in my ancestry but I think this Crawford guy is actually the root of me and the relative that I probably got most of my traits from . 
30s and 40s in the forecast next week ... heck yeah !!! 
might be doing a solo this spring for choir . What song should I sing ? 
something is not good :( 
pretty crazy in the apartment tonight ... maybe too crazy .. ugh 
college can be a drag sometimes 
back in aitkin for the weekend 
I would like to get one of these iPad things .... they look so cool ! 
I been seeing videos of both 6 month year old babies and 99 year old senior citizens use the iPad and teenagers smashing it . How pathetic 
I can see the 2020s are going to be good times 
its beautiful outside 
yeah there is one bad thing about getting a job ... TAXES !!! UGH ! 
the party is over .... supposed to have some more SNOW by this Friday ! 
$1.29 for good music on iTunes . They are soaking it ! 
college is pretty boring somedays , especially when I am trapped in isolation doing comp ! 
I made windows look nearly like a < PROPMALE > 
it looks like a lot of good movies are coming out this year 
my two musical guilty pleasure : < PROPFEMALE > Duff and < PROPFIRST > Tisdale ! Yup , Sharpay rock my socks 
dentists sucks .... money !!!! 
snow isn't going to be that bad ... only about 3-6 inches 
oh gosh not nascar season again 
getting sick of all these game invites ... I am not a facebook gamer for the most part 
finally got my comp public speaking assignment done 
just took a really hard test in psychology and have to take a really hard test in history ... gosh I hate school ! 
learning about 1500s European history is pretty hard 
waiting for the weather to get warmer so I can see what these college girls really look like . Now all I see them is in their winter attire and thats not that attractive 
college is more boring than you think it is .... no way it is the best years of the life 
is grown up and still figuring out what I want to be when I grow up ! At least I am past the cowboy and firefighter stage 
oh gosh ... I got that whip my hair song stuck in my head . I think the video is awesome 
might be calling up Rosallinis so I can get that job that I applyed for 
Grades are not doing too good again I guess 
girl scout cookies ... yay 
its freaking cold outside 
went over to CI to look for some jobs .... maybe I might find some luck over there 
dumb cold weather still here ... when will it finally get warmer ? 
college could be tough some days but it is worth . BTW , band concert was pretty good last night 
can't wait til band to start next week ! 
finally going home for the weekend . Another week to go and it is spring break ! Whoooooooooooooooo ! 
I heard that Dr. Seuss was a communist . I don't believe it . 
off too lunch ! 
listening to music from 10 years ago . I don't think much changed . They had < PROPFEMALE > Spears , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > back then and they sound the same 
BAND !!!!! 
band was fun tonight . Playing some nice songs such as a 1920s song and some Polka music , along with a few marches . 
wants spring to come 
I guess the weatherman is forecasting only snow showers for brainerd for the Great March Snowstorm of 2011 
I guess the snowstorm missed us . The forecast says cloudy with no precipitation for today 
I see the weirdest looking people walking down the halls of the college . I know we are stressing being an individual in this culture but haven't we gone a little too far these days . 
42 on friday . Thats what I'm talking about ! 
I even see the dorkiest looking guys in the college get a girlfriend . Maybe girls are attractive to dorks these days . lol 
don't know what I am doing this spring break . It is not going down to beaches and partying like I wish I would . 
spring break ! whooooooooooooooooo ! 
ah jeez 
looks like Japan has been pounded by a huge earthquake . Relief concerts are coming . I ca 
spring is coming . It will be back to the 50s by Wednesday 
watched some little kids play strings ... these kids are pretty talented ! 
thinking about getting an string instrument and joining the ripple river strings . Maybe a violin or cello 
hopefully some day I'll find some girl that will love me 
this forget you song by cee lo green is stuck in my head , can't get it out ! ugh ! 
just woke up from a very refreshing nap 
the closest thing to the American spirit I can think of is an Aly & AJ song . 
cleaned out the car today ... needs a good bath 
Times are changing . The < PROPFIRST > from 2007 is way different from the < PROPFIRST > of 2011 . I think this < PROPFIRST > is underated 
I need some help choosing a topic for an informative speech . 
have to go back to the college today 
college is just a gimmick ! 
crappy weather is coming again 
6-10 inches of snow !!! 
gotta study for that damn history ! 
85% percent on my history quiz . The highest percentage I had on a history quiz this semester ! :) 
10-15 inches of snow ! We are in < PROPFEMALE > , not Siberia ! 
CLC closed til 10:00 AM 
all classed canceled in CLC :) 
trying to think of some topics for my comp research paper and my informative speech . 
I want NORMAL roommates next year ... ones that do stuff that NORMAL COOL college students do such as have girlfrends and stuff , no offense but not the ones that act like oversized 12 year olds 
feeling a lot better after going to the gas station ... well needed fresh air 
annoying snow is going to be gone by about next week ... nearly 50 April 1 
snow day didn't turn out as bad as I thought . Just had to deal with the annoying people that make up the pines 
it is getting pretty bad when the only good stuff on the TV is retro 1990s TV on Boomerang - Powerpuff Girls and Dexters Lab anyone 
in under 2 months I will be 20 ! I am getting old ! The last 10 years was a wild ride and I hope the next one will be better . One thing that will make it better is having a job and my first girlfriend 
my public speaking class was starting to turn into a scene from School of Rock today - showing Rolling Stones music videos 
There hasn't have many good top 40 songs on the charts lately 
I am planning on going to a Twins game on the 27th of April so anyone want to go with me . You can get tickets at the college in brainerd 
gotta figure out what I am going to do in the future ... planning on getting married and starting a family sometimes in this decade but I think I need to get a steady job , a home , and a wife first 
public speaking is canceled today ... yay !!!! 
the more I look in the jobs that are in demand , the more I feel I am wasting more time in college and I should be working ! A lot of jobs only require a high school education 
finally got my topic approval form signed for public speaking 
might be going to a dance this weekend 
I think I hit the jackpot - there are a lot of single ladies lately 
almost one more month til the big 2 oh !!! 
I can see the < PROPFIRST > trump hairdo is going to be in if he gets president 
been to the < PROPFIRST > Tetrick convention at the 40 club ... don't know the guy but supported the cause . The music was a little old 
gotta work on my speech about the history of pop music from 1960 to now 
went to the weight room today - gotta get buff so I'll look sexy for the ladies 
might get a < PROPMALE > with McDonald . The managers at McDonalds are interested in setting an interview with me ! This guy might finally get into the working society 
I gotta do some research for my research paper on GOOD parenting 
gotta quit procrastinating listening to music on youtube and get to researching . UGH ! 
finally decided to drop that public speaking class ... waste of time and too much stress 
gonna watch the musical fiddler in the roof 
busy weekend ... haven't been on for a while . Watched the musical and my mom play violin 
Dance at CLC on May 6 and I would like to have a date with someone to that dance . Anyone interested ? 
having one of those days - I think it is the stress of the comp report I have to do 
I have a feeling college is going to be good next year - got the roommate situation ironed out and I heard I am going to get good roommates next year . 
< PROPFIRST > Brown : If you really want to do some dance music , listen to some Cascada or DJ Tiesto 
jamming out to some awesome techno 
have to get at my psychological research ... I can still jam to techno when I am doing this . It will make it a lot more fun . 
I have a feeling that the Vikings are really going to make a comeback about 2013-2014 
uncle is coming from vermont this weekend 
tornado alarms going off ... I don't see any tornadoes ! 
only the Good Lord knows what I am doing after I am done with CLC in 2012 . Maybe I should start asking the Lord to guide me . 
I think I have my head up my butt . I am almost 20 years old and I still don't know what I want to do for a career . 
went to see some of my relatives on my mom side ... my uncle , and cousins . 
optimistic about the future 
I just got called for an interview at McDonalds this Friday at 2:00 pm . Hope I get the job ! 
Lemonade Mouth :) 
I am going to be 20 in 2 more weeks ... so excited ! 
62 Easter Sunday 
working on my report on parenting ! 
am excited to actually start working . It will give me a totally new lease on life - who cares its a McDonalds , I have to start somewhere 
hope my 20s are going to be roaring 20s 
Does anyone know what they are going to ask you at a McDonalds interview ? I might as well be prepared so I can get cracking 
job interview today 
2 hours until the job interview 
got rejected from the job interview at McDonalds - 5 positions filled up already 
2 more weeks of this boring school year ... hopefully next year is going to be better 
time for me to decide what to do in the future 
I think I should decide what I should do for a career before some some < PROPFEMALE > guy takes that career 
ladies - you know anyone that would like to be my date Spring Fling Dance May 6 6:00 pm 
looks like the weather just had a flip flop from yesterday 
