Yup ... its still basically lame . We will see how it goes . Ha ha . 

Basically I am having a fan-fricken-tastic day !!! 
My daughter can beat up your daughter ... ha ha 
Hate dropping my daughter off ! I miss my little microbot already . :( 
I wish that grass stayed cut .... 
Life throws some insane curves at you ... 
Some days just should never exist . Ha ha . 
Today is one of those days ... 
And today just is another one of them . Man it feels good for everything to go wrong . Ha ha . Only two things keeping me sane . 
I am already done with summer . Too hot . Can't sleep . All who want fall already say \I \"" 
I am so ready to take a break and relax on a small vacation . I don't know if I can wait . Ha ha . 
If only I had a licence to kill , Mmmm .... the possibilities .... 
2 out of the 3 down . I am afraid for the last . I don't need this . 
Is taking donations to get me a sniper rifle . Anything will help . ;) ha ha ..... seriously . 
will get my opportunity to turn everything in my life around , and when that day comes my the lord have mercy on my foes , because I sure won't .... ha ha ha ha ! 
Is pretty sure I need another job , or one that makes a lot more money . 
Is curious if people will ever get it through their head that being honest is SOOOO much easier to do then lying ! Ha ha ha . Silly humans . 
Is wanting to just have a relaxing night of cuddling and a movie . One day ill get it . 
Favorite joke right now ; what do you get when you cross Obama with a potato ?...... a dick-tator ! Ha ha ha . :) 
One day I will come up with something seriously clever and witty to put here .... 
Knows if you search through enough coal , one day you will find a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Knows the sad part is almost all of the morons in this world , don't even know how fricken stupid they really are . 
Death is inevitable .... Living , however , is optional . 
Last day at my mall job . Hooray ! So long , sucka ! Ha ha . 
Is really happy . This last week has been great ! I have basically had zoey since Thursday and its been awesome ! I love my baby girl to no end . She is like a little me with blonde hair . Crazy random and wicked funny . I have also spent a ton of time with my new girlfriend and its going excellent ! Hooray for < PROPFIRST > ! 
Looking for a full time night job . If anyone knows anywhere hiring . Please let me know . My mind is open to anything . Thanks ! 
We have children going to bed without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of people on facebook won't have the ... guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! 
Dang I miss my girls . How could I not . They are the best . See you both soon I hope ! 
Loves the sound of gunshots in the morning .... :) 
Our country and what it stands for is being destroyed from within . Those who are pretending that nothing is wrong and that it will blow over will one day realize that all their rights are gone and it will be too late . Search \Communist Goals 1963\ " and \ " Obama's Advisors . \ " Also see what < PROPFIRST > Beck has to say about them . " 
just in a few hours I have seen alcohol ruin a relationship , put someone in a considerable amount of pain , and turn my life into a living h*%# . And the worst part is , I have never even tasted it !!! I hate it with a passion that burns inside of me with the light of a thousand torches ! 
Why can't you just go home ball ?! Just go home ! You too good for your home ?! Answer me !!! 
Bam !!! 4 kids to bed sleeping ! A 6 month old , 3 year old , 4 year old and a 9 year old . Yes , all by myself . Super dad award ....? maybe ha ha :) 
Won the poker tournament tonight . Woohoo ! :) 
Yay for fords . There is a reason the saying is built ford tough . that poor little Mazda found out the hard way this morning .... 
• . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautifu DAUGHTERS in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* 
my little girl is calling cupcakes , \pupcakes\ " ha ha ha ha !!! " 
No longer an employee of impact guns .... anyone know of any jobs ? 
am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one \ 
nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all ! I \ 
grewup reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do ... that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns\ 
will re-post this and not care about offending someone ! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's ... Military ... Appreciation Week . Repost if you are in the military , love a military member ( or a veteran ) , or appreciate our troops . 
Got off work , when to work . Got off work , going to work ..... sleep ? What's that ? Why have we not met ? 
I made it to the Wasatch poker tour fall quarterly tournament ! I have a < PROPMALE > to go to nationals ! 
Didnt make it to nationals .... but will try again . Next time ill be ready . :) 
I honestly think I fractured my heel ... I have no insurance cuz I have not been with my company long enough . What to do , what to do . 
can't wait to spend Christmas with my amazing daughter and wonderful girlfriend . Love them both more than they know . :) 
Well ... i can't deny it anymore . I'm addicted . The fisrt step is admitting you have a problem right ? 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post in their honor ! Thank you soldiers ! 
So last night at the gateway mall , someone attempted to < PROPMALE > me while using the facilities .... what the heck has this world come to ? Really . 
Life is too short . If I can live to be half of the man he was , I will be very proud . Loved by all , happy as the sun is bright , wise from head to toe . I will miss him terribly . Everyone will miss him terribly . 
