is having Cabo withdrawls =*( 

is running errands at home , then zono sushi in Glendale for lunch . 
is listening to < PROPFEMALE > Bareilles ' Gravity 
is planning events for the West Hollywood Pavilions Store . Anyone interested ? 
I'm in a show ! Come see it this Saturday at < PROPFIRST > Burroughs High School in Burbank , CA . Show starts at 7 
Hopefully you're all coming this Saturday ! 
APS 2 Rocked ! I will miss you all ! Till next we meet .... 
Anyone intersted in going to the UCLA game this Saturday ? I have a ticket , but can't go cause of work . Seat is in a great location with shade and located next to Debbe C . I'm selling it for $39 OBO . The ticket also includes a tailgate party that my sister and friends put together . 
What movie should I go see ? 1 . Ponyo 2 . The Time Traveler's Wife 3 . Under the Sea 3D ( IMAX ) 4 . Inglourious Basterds 
is so freaking addicted to facebook . Please tell me I'm not the only one . 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ! 
can't wait till tonight ! 
I don't get it - Did I do something wrong ? What happened last night ? 
someday it will be my turn !!!!! 
today is Labor Day , and I am laboring away 
who's all going to All Hail A Cappella at USC tonight ? raise your hand ! 
why is sushi so yummy ? 
I loved gaga at the VMA's! Especially the white snow ball thingy she had on towards the end ! She's soooooo entertaining ! HA ! 
Who's going to Howl at the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
ok ... time to get to work ... text me if you need me .. gotta get off facebook !!! ugh 
$5 Friday ! 
too tired to go out .... 
Time to go sing my heart out ! 
Why can't I just play all the time and not have to do work ?!? =( 
Time to let go of the past and move forward . 
so much work ! Not enough time ! 
most memorable part of the evening - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s dog pulling my shorts down ! 
I'm so easily tempted ! 
I should be asleep , but I can't until I watch Grey's! I FREAKING LOVE THIS SHOW ! RIP < PROPFIRST > . 
What should I be for Halloween this year ? 
I love MMS on the iPhone ! 
I gotta get up I gotta get goin ' I gonna see a friend of mine . He's round and he's fuzzy , I love him because he's just ... 
should I party or should I chill ? 
Around my hometown , memories are fresh . The people I've met are the wonders of my world . 
Where is the love ? 
Time for the BIG day for < PROPFIRST > Sheetz and her soon to be husband < PROPFIRST > ! See you soon =) 
Time for some hot chocolate with marshmallows ! 
I have a few tickets to the Kings vs . Sharks hockey game at the Staples Center tomorrow . Anyone interested ? 
Ugh , eating krispy kreme was not a good idea ! Thanks alot < PROPFEMALE > Bloom for making me want some from your past post ! 
Anyone interested in purchasing LA Kings Tickets for Sunday , October 25 at 6 PM ? Tickets are valued at $37 , but I am currently selling them for $20 . All profits go to Breast Cancer Research . Seats are in section 333 . I have about 50 tickets . Let me know ASAP ! 
Who's going to the VIP Breakfast at the < PROPFEMALE > for AIDs Walk Los < PROPFEMALE > ? 
On a mission to find a Hamburglar costume . 
I'm currently selling tickets for the Los < PROPFEMALE > Kings vs . < PROPMALE > Blue Jackets hockey game on Sunday , October 25th , 2009 - 6PM . Tickets are $20 and are in section 333 . All proceeds help out the Breast Cancer Foundation . Please let me know if you're interested in purchasing any tickets !!! 
Time for some UCLA football . Go Bruins ! 
better to have a bleeding heart than not have one at all 
so tired !!! 
I am currently selling tickets for the Los < PROPFEMALE > Kings vs . < PROPMALE > Blue Jackets hockey game for this Sunday , October 25th , 2009 - 6PM . Tickets are priced at $37 , but I am currently selling them for $15 . Seats are in section 333 . All proceeds help out the Breast Cancer Foundation . Please let me know if you're interested . 
what should I have for dinner ? 
yummmmmmmm , red delicious apple and Rubyy Blood Orange Energy 
Who's coming out to WeHo tonight ?? come visit me at Pavilions !!!! 
Soooooooooooooo ....... What did everyone do for Halloween ???? =) 
last night was super fun , but now i'm super sick ! AGAIN !!! and this week is a very VERY important week at work ... UGH 
Peanut Butter Moo'd!!! 
ugh .. why am I still awake !!!??! 
Tonight was amazing ! Great seeing all your faces class of ' 99 ! 
GO BRUINS ! 
running errands all day !!! 
just finished watching Transformers : Rise of the Fallen . LAME !! 
gotta breakaway 
getting some house errands done and listening to some christmas tunes =) 
I need to do a body cleanse . Any tips ? 
I want to watch Avatar ! Tonight ? 
Ugh . My back hurts =( 
Happy Kwanzaa !!! 
Can't wait for Mammoth tonight ! 
Thank goodness I got off early enough to party . Boo to only making $45 . WTF !! 
Soooo annoyed !!!! I was originally scheduled to work today . So I cancelled my plans to go out of town , didn't plan anything for today , got dressed in my work uniform , and just got a text saying the restaurant is closed today . FML !!!! 
Just tried my first snake sake !!!!!....... Hmmmmmm ....... 
Anyone interested in going to Mt . High this Wednesday ? 
Yum . Fresh squeezed orange juice from Jamba ! 
I'm in the mood to play SimCity . Leenie Castro , I'm installing your SimCity 4 on my Laptop ! =) 
I hate laundry ! =( 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Jolley , < PROPFEMALE > Cox , Kaesi Feliciano ... what time are you all heading down to Disneyland tonight ? I'm heading down early . I have to take care of some school stuff at Cal State Fullerton . Let's meet for drinks ? It's tradition =) 
ugh ... homework 
going to the office in Burbank tonight to let off some steam , and see old friends ! Stop by ! 
So its official .... after more than 11 years , the journey has come to an end . Time for a new chapter . I will miss you all 
I need to get away . Mammoth bound tonight . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
just finished watching Lars and the Real Girl . I must say , pretty good movie . Weird , but good . I love < PROPFIRST > Gosling ! 
Anyone hiring ? 
booo .. my lips are chapped 
playing Final Fantasy XIII .... woo hoo ! 
watching the entire 1st season of Nurse < PROPFIRST > on Directv On Demand ! 
Omg waking up at 1 was not part of the plan =( 
Taking my passport photos . Hope they look good !!! 
It's freaking passed 3am !! PLEASE let me SLEEP !!! < PROPFIRST > Whitacre , do your thing ! 
Having a late lunch with < PROPFEMALE > at Mexicali . She hates the salsa and is annoyed with the waiter . LOL 
The word \moist\ " is so funny to say . M-O-I-S-T ...... LOL " 
Disco night at Oil Can < PROPMALE>'s!! 
Boooo ... I think I have tinnitus .... FML ! 
Played basketball for the first time in like 15 years . Yeah , my legs hurt !! 
Watching Lord of the Rings : the Two Towers . 
Thinking about auditioning for Mamma Mia ! tomorrow . Never seen the musical or movie , so off to blockbuster ! 
Just switched from DSL to cable . Now I get blazing fast speed ! Yippie !! 
Watching Sherlock Holmes 
for everyone who cares - my email has changed to everjohnfeliciano@ymail.com . Please make a note of it =) 
Your eyes , like an endless blue ocean shimmering in the moonlight ... my heart free falls , melted by your gaze ... and suddenly , I'm caught in everything 
Anyone watching the meteor shower right now ? 
Booooooo . I hate it when I throw my sleep cycle off . 
Yay ! Scored a free ticket tonight to see Little Shop of Horrors . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Dodge , and thanks Debbe Carrete for being busy =) ! 
Had a great night ! Watched a great production of Litttle Shop of Horrors and got to party with the cast after the show . Off to San < PROPMALE > for the weekend tomorrow ! 
San < PROPMALE > bound .... 
had a long but fun weekend . Time to take a nap . 
soooooo what's for dinner ? 
boooo ... i think i'm getting sick =( 
What time is the Lakers game tonight ? 
At BJ's with < PROPFIRST > watching the Lakers game . 
I can't believe I'm at poker night .... with the guys . LOL 
just had the sweetest old lady come in to the tennis shop and talked to me about music and singing gigs . She took my number . I'm hoping she wasn't just trying to hit on me ! 
Has anyone else been watching the Glee auditions ??? Some are soooooooooo funny !!! Off to Alumni Glee rehearsal ! 
Life on Discovery Channel . Today's episode - insects . This show is so interesting . A couple of interesting facts - insects have no lungs but are somehow able to breath . They also wear their bones on the outside . 
can anyone recommend a good legit and rock song for a tenor to use on auditions ? 
just discovered that you can download Netflix on the PS3 . Way cool ! 
Ehhhh . I think it might be too < PROPFEMALE > for tennis . 
staying up till 6am really takes it's toll ! 
Today is a netflix day !! And since I'm on a free trial - I'm gonna make the most of it . 
Thank you for the past 2 suspenseful basketball games ! 
Who's down for tennis this week ? 
Watching Roswell : Season 1 via Netflix streaming on the PS3 ! =) 
Wow what a packed Tuesday night - Glee , Lost , The City AND The Hills !? I thought Netflix was good . This is too much . 
Watching the making of Miss Saigon . Such beautiful music . Schonberg is amazing . 
Playing around with Finale . Makes you a better musician 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's in the world . Especially to my own mother who gave me life and raised me to be who I am . \ 
\ 
Now time to get ready for a sushi dinner ! 
After reading your post , I thought I'd put up my own . \ 
“Deep in my heart I'm concealing things that I'm longing to say . Scared to confess what I'm feeling - frightened you'll slip away . ” 
All caught up with Lost and ready for tonight's episode , though I'm sad to learn about < PROPFEMALE > and Sun =( . 
Stringing up tennis racquets at First Serve tennis shop in the tennis center at McCambridge Park . Visitors welcome =) . 
anyone selling a car for cheap ? I know of a buyer who's looking . Let me know . 
At the Rock of Ages audition in Hollywood with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Wish us luck ! 
\Never knew I could feel like this . Like I've never seen the sky before . \"" 
Going to Sardos in Burbank for Karaoke . Come join < PROPFEMALE > and me for some slow tunes !! 
Tonight is < PROPFIRST > Burroughs High School's VMA's Spring Concert . I am heavily featured as an Alumni choir member in this show =) ! Please come and lend your support ! Show starts at 7 . 
\Let me fall - I'll never know unless you let go when I fall .... \"" 
I hate taking evening naps and waking up at midnight ! 
I just totally made a fool of myself . A lady came in to the tennis shop and said that I looked familiar . I thought she looked familiar as well and began talking about how she used to ring the < PROPFEMALE > for Salvation Army outside of Vons . Well , I was wrong ...... 
SOOOOOOOOO TIRED !!!! On a side note , I walk tomorrow ! =) 
Another chapter completed ..... On to the next ! =) 
What an epic story . Thank you for the journey . 
Time < PROPMALE > Cable Internet ........ Why must you be down in my area right now !!!?! 
In case you're trying to reach me today , I will not have my iPhone on me . I had to leave it behind to attend the American Idol Finale . Leave me a message and I'll get back to you after ! =) 
Yeah ...... Not really a fan of idol . 
Just bought a wireless N router . Are they really better than G ? 
tosh . 0 ........ Soooooooo funny !! 
This has been a really really long weekend . I'm dead tired . Sleeping early tonight ! 
At the Wicked auditions . Who's auditioning ? 
Musical theater buffs at sardos !! Love it ! 
Kat < PROPMALE > on Netflix ! 
\Sigue andando el camino por toda su < PROPFEMALE > .... Respira \"" 
Karaoke at Sardo's tonight ! Feel free to join us ! 
Watching \Seven Pounds\ " on streaming Netflix ! " 
Just reserved my iPhone 4 !!!! Can't wait till next Thursday ! 
Farmar !!!! My fav !!! 
ugh .. my iPhone totally went kaput tonight and I had to delete everything on it and restore from my last back-up . No clue when that was , hopefully I don't lose to much info =*( 
At The Grinch auditions with < PROPFEMALE > at Screenland Studios . Call time for women is at 2pm . Woops ! =) 
Today is the start of a new venture this summer ! Wish me luck ! 
On set for General Hospital at MOCA at the Pacific Design Center ! Sooooo excited ! 
Singing at the Houdini Mansion tonight ! 
is in one of those moods ...... 
AMC's ticket pricing confuses me . Why does it differ depending on the time you go ? Was it always like that ? Someone care to explain ? 
Does anyone know of a good computer repair place that's cheap ? I broke my external hard drive and need to get my music and pictures stored in it !!! 
Just played 4 hours of tennis with Taylen Richards . Time for some R&R . 
Too much fun this weekend means now I have to play catch up on chores and bills . Happy Monday !! 
Any of my guy friends going to be at the Aladdin auditions tomorrow ??? 
the last episode of the anime version of Avatar : The Last Airbender ( season 3 ) is freaking EPIC !!!! Job well done ! 
loving the fireworks being set off right outside my dining room window ! 
At Burroughs for summer camp and they're filming Glee this week !!! YAY ! 
Anyone else's iPhone FB app acting up ? Sooooo annoying ! 
.... To Sir , With Love . 
I've had a little bit too much ..... 
boooo .. forgot my wallet at home and I'm busy till 5 !!!! ARGH !!!! Oh well , I don't need to eat anway ;) 
Anyone watching General Hospital on ABC ? You may see a familiar face ...... Maybe .... Look for someone with glasses 8 ) 
What a great end to a long exhausting week . Great job with the party < PROPFEMALE > ! To everyone else there , I will miss seeing you on a regular basis =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Anyone wanna FaceTime ??? 
I nap too much . 
In line for kogi tacos !!! Yum ! 
Tech week ..... 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes and for everyone who showed up to the Office last night ! I had so much fun and I hope you did as well ! Thanks for making my birthday a special one =) 
Netflix on the iPhone is AMAZING !!! 
my poo smells like tacos .. yumm 
Had an AMAZING holiday weekend . Time to jump back into reality ! 
Ughhhhhh !!!! Just got a speeding ticket on Cahuenga Blvd . in Hollywood by Burbank at 1:50 AM on a Thursday night for going ( so the cop says ) 56 on a 40 . WTF !!! It's going downhill and there are NO cars on the road !!!!!!!!! 
Who's going to Howl tonight ? 
So who knows what they're going to be for Halloween ? 
having to wake up before 10am on a Saturday sucks ... 
I hate that weekends have to end . 
Grey's Anatomy tonight !!!! 
Karaoke tonight at the office with the Pippin cast after 10 . Come join us ! 
So I got my car washed on Wednesday , only to have it rain that evening . I had it washed again on Thursday , only to hear that it's gonna rain tonight . I'm never gonna wash my car again . 
Something always brings me back to you . 
I hate the sound of my alarm clocks . 
What an eventful night ! 
Claymore on Netflix is awesome ! 
\Merde .... that's French for Shit ! \ " said < PROPFEMALE > Harman as < PROPFEMALE > last night ! haha ! " 
hmmmm ... still undecided what I'm wearing as a costume tonight .. I totally procrastinated this year =( 
Pippin time ! 
Get your tickets while you can !!! This weekend is the last weekend for Pippin . Go to pippin.domatheater.com or shoot me a message if you wanna get on the $10 list . 
This year has been full of changes , new friends , self realization , and incredible memories . Friends and Family , thanks for being a part of my wonderful adventure in life so far ! Happy Thanksgiving ! 
.. so I worked Thanksgiving day at the restaurant ..... Some people can just be complete jerks . Please please please don't feel that it's appropriate to eat at a fancy restaurant , ON A HOLIDAY , and tip less than 10% or NOTHING AT ALL . That's just rude . \ 
Rant over 
Who's tailgating at the Rosebowl today ? 
poofed ... 
Just made it all the way to Disneyland , paid for parking , parked my car , then realized I left the tickets on my bed . 
Guilty pleasure - rainbow Brite is now on streaming Netflix ! LOL 
Assignment for today - go to Rodeo Drive ! 
WTF !!!! It's a speeding bust on the 395 . Bulls*it !!!! 
So I guess my free texting app doesn't work in Mammoth . If you've texted me this weekend with my free text number . I can't get it . Please text me on my regular cell . \ 
Thanks ! 
I miss my friends !!!!!!!! 
My friend < PROPFIRST > Hawkins , who's a casting recruiter , is looking for rock girls for a VH1 docu-series . It's basically you telling your story . Great for exposure . Hit me up or find her in my friends list if you're interested . 
10am Pippin rehearsal ... Ugh 
To my dear friends ... \ 
Pippin is back up and this time at The Met Theater with a new cast and new direction . Its an entirely new show . Come check us out ! \ 
Go to www.plays411.com for tickets\ 
For comp tix use the promo code \FRIENDS\ " .... ( limited qty)\ 
What happened last night ???? 
Loving the snow capped mountains ! 
Cabaret rehearsal !! Any of my guy actor/dancer friends interested in auditioning ? Let me know . \ 
Show runs April 1st thru end of May . Fri-Sun . 
A year ago , the life I knew for 11 years drastically changed . I am living proof that better days are ahead . To all of my dear friends struggling out their in this economy , I say\ keep your head up . \ " Your time will come to shine once again . " 
any of my friends gonna be in cabo March 14-21 ? 
1 more show , party at Geisha House , then off to Cabo !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy St. Party's Day from Cabo !! 
1 day left in cabo ..... i miss my < PROPFIRST > 
