Don't worry I am not dating the dog 

Been ff the grid for a bit but I have internernet finally . I was about to go insane . 
Hope to get out to the beach and relax this weekend . This is why I joined the airforce ha . 
Its not bad I need a car though otherwise its kinda tough to get around . This base is huge . Weather is nice except for yesterday and today ( rain ) . When are you supposed to get in ? 
I have posted my contact info . Please dont call me ; I will call you unless you want to incur international charges . 
ah tuesdays gotta love em 
Ever wish you were back at barksdale ... as i said the grass is not always greener ... but we shall see .............................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????? 
Had three spells of deshavu today . WIERD 
Goin to a nice little private beach all the way at the north end of the island tomorrow maybe get away from this place for a minute ( If it doesnt rain ) . Don't worry Ill take pictures 
I love losing everything to know what i have had and to know what i have to gain . All is well as long as I know the truth . Open your eyes to the world around you and experience it to the fullest . You never know when you may lose it all . Tis why I do it on purpose ... Just a thought . 
Stupid rain make plans and it rains wtf 
Rain all week ... yippie 
Masticating Bovine Transvestites could never keep me away 
10 hours of sleep in four days im goin to get some ambien or something 
I would rather be poor and happy than < PROPMALE > and mad 
glad to be havvin a few beers right now after the previous shinanigans ... ha what a funny word 
Well I am out for the day i am so glad i work midshift ... oh yeah i am 14 hours ahead of you all so just remember i am the future ... lol 
yeah its goin to be friday ... cant wait 
i think im in alchoholic shock ... last night im pretty sure i bought an entire bars worth of people shots ... so you can see where i might be at the moment ... was goin to sing kareoke but didnt ... had to get a ride back to base and went to sleep woke up and still the same ... ridiculus ... who knows what was in those drinks last night 
is coming down with a cold 
Cant sleep cant breathe I really hate being sick now i get to go to work on one hour of sleep yeah 
think i am finally starting to get better although it may have something to do with ... uhh . whats the word ... oh beer ... thirsty thurs alright 
is bored 
now has a cure for bordum 
yay bought a car finally wont get it till tuesday but that wont be too bad 
Just got my car may have causd an acciedent ? My car was ok though maybe some people need to pay more attention rather than stare at my biege whip . 
Back to work after another fun filled wekend 
Thanks for the birthday posts everyone :-) 
Maybe ill go somewhere today but where I dont know where ... Suggestions ??? 
todays forecast is rain tomorrows forcast more rain ... gotta love rain season or should i say monsoon season 
Beach today , Anyone want to come with ? 
And I end every day wondering what is next . The world is full amzing people , also full of dumb politics . Get over yourselves and move on to a better more powerfull and fulfilling humanity . Fight for the things that are right and important and not pathetic and wronge . 
Ahh another successful build . Gotta love the computer business :) 
After what seems like decades I finally got my TMO in and the battle station is back online ... lol 
Im pretty sure my computer doubles as a large space heater . Used to be 70 degrees now its 83 . Gonna have to buy a better cooling system lol 
Woohoo aced my English comp Clep exam . 
God I must really suck at testing FML 
Another possible typhoon unfortunatley coming this weekend . 3pm sat 
Internet explorer 9 is amazing I can finally load my you tube videos and play them without having to pause them lol . Download the beta today you wont be disappointed 
Oh other great documentaries are zietgiest and zietgiest addendum as well as The Cove . The Cove is actually illegal for military members to watch over here so I hope I dnt get in trouble for this post lol . Keep an open mind to the world do not except it as it is . 
Some strange people around here . Someone just growled at me lol . 
Deployment Canceled . Enough Said ... :( 
Alaska Bound :) 
is sick today . 
New Build\ 
Asus Rampage lll Extreme LGA Mobo\ 
Intel Core I7 Extreme 980 Gulftown Processor\ 
2 EVGA GTX 580s in SLI\ 
12gigs Crucial Ballistix DDR3 1600 Tracer Ram\ 
1000w antec power Supply\ 
600gig Rapter 10000 rpm hdd\ 
2 TB Samsung 7200rpm Drive\ 
LG Blu-Ray Drive\ 
\ 
All on order should have the whole package in a couple weeks . 
Mediati and there constant internet outages are really getting on my nerves 
not so sure its normal to feel like this after getting vaccinated . cant quit shaking and my arm feels like its going to fall off . 
hmmm 1200 watt psu or 1500 watt psu ... either way i hope i dont burn down the dorms lol 
2 1000watt PSUs seemed to fix the power issues now I can go for quad SLI lol 
do not try to see how many hits you have on your profile it will attempt to embed a worm in your browser and track your info 
Going somewhere at some point this weekend lol for those that know what im talking about . See yall in an ungiven and idefinite amount of time . - This is the way the Air Force would like to see facebook posts just the right amount of info to keep one guessing ... 
Its official im done with the fight certain aspects of both sides of government are positive and negative . What we the people believe and decide is more important than splitting our morals and values . Respect each other no matter what and remember that there is no one else like you . I am now completely nonpartisan . I fight with and for the people of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . Repost if you believe the same 
