Bought a 7lb prime rib for $19.00 !!!!! Had it for dinner last night ! Soooo good ! Damn i'm am awesome ...... Kids had a friend over and we partied until 9:00 , then fell asleep , what animals we are ! 

I think I need a beer , or a < PROPFEMALE > , bad ! oh yeah a < PROPFEMALE > sounds goooooooood ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there ! 
< PROPMALE > is a big dink-remember what that means ?!?! 
< PROPMALE > and Gage are leaving to Arizona tomorrow morning ! 
Remember i'm not fat , i'm fluffy !!! WAAHAAHAAHAA ! 
I HATE EARWIGS !!!!! 
Just hanging out with family today , waiting on the the Kirshmans to get here as usual ! Happy 4th of July ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! I just got Farkled ! 
Oh I want to go home , I want to go home , I want to go home ! Whohoo ! 
I hate moving , all those boxes , and heavy furniture . UGH ! 
So guess what I found ? One of my lovely children left a half open bottle of soda on it's side in the fridge ! It has been slowly leaking behind the drawers , ugh ! Nice and thick like caramel , this sucks ..... 
Have I said lately that I hate moving ?!!!!!?!?!?!? 
Thank you Lo and < PROPFIRST > for all your help this weekend !!! It was hot as F#$% this weekend in SLC , and not very fun , but we did it ! All done !!!! Yah for us ! Oh and thank you B for Saturday , because Sunday you were no where to be found . Hmmmmm .... 
How many people get grossed out when you go into a public bathroom and the seat is still warm ? EWWEWWEWW !!! FYI : Always use toilet seat covers , cuz people are nasty !!! 
Had to resort to going to inlaws house to get on FB , internet isn't hooked up yet , I am sooooo addicted ! 
WE NEED MORE COWBELL !! 
Hey Everybody !!!! Why so Seroius ? HAHAHAHHHAAAHAHAAAA ! 
3 in the am < PROPFEMALE > dog wakes me up ! Why you ask ? Well I assumed she was lonely , but alas no that wasn't the case ... I came out of the bathroom to three heaping piles of poo , yah me !!! Diarrhea too ! Yah me again ! I had to throw away a pair of sissy's shoes too , she filled one of them , not really worth cleaning out . Ewwww , Ewwww , Ewww !!!!!! 
Just got back from Inglorious Basterds , very cool movie ... 
I just read this quote ... It's about Love It's about compassion It's about kindness and faith It has nothing to do with luck You get what you give So Give Good . 
Justice Rileys ' first day of school , i'm sad .... No more babies at home ..... She's such a smart girl , she will do super-duper , Just gonna have to keep the attitude in check , cross my fingers ... 
The pigeons are driving me crazy !!!!! 
What am I doing right now ? On Facebook instead of cleaning the kitchen , I'm a bad housewife .... 
MMMMMMMM .... Double stuffed oreos and a giant glass of whole , full of fat milk , heaven , pure heaven ... right K amd J ? Or maybe ... brownie bites with powdered sugar ? or maybe even ... bugles and smores poptarts ? Oh memories ..... 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > where are you ? I need a breathing tx and some percussion , bronchitis is bad this week ..... Have not been like this since moving away from AZ . 
Sing with me : Myyyy baloney has a first name , it's o-s-c-a-r , my baloney has a second name it's m-a-y-e-r , Oh I love to eat it every day and if you ask me why i'll sayyyyyy ...... cuz < PROPFIRST > mayer has a way with b-o-l-o-g-n-a !!!! HEY !!!! 
This sucks ..... 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > Jam tonight , who hoo !!!! leaving in a few minutes .... 
That was the best concert I have ever been to ! I highly recommend seeing them , they put on a great show ... Eddie Vedder is still fine , YUM !!!! 
Domestic abuse is concidered a pre-existing condition in 8 states , it is the person's fault if it happens more than once , REALLY ? 
Mmmmm , hunny brought me my morning coffee and a rasberry danish !! Coffee good ! 
Started out a great day , then ended with a visit to the dentist and a tooth pulled , huh ? what happened ? Choking on the gauze ....... WAAAAAA 
My husband is outside with his paintball gun shooting geese in the ass !!! Will somebody besides me please explain to him why this is mean ? Poor geese and their flourescent orange butts .... 
Oh and it is not funny < PROPMALE > ! 
I could eat you up I love you so ... 
You know you are in Utah when they dub over fart with fat in a movie on tv 
Help me !!!! I am selling an obnoxious 5 year old girl , cheap !!! Whine included , must go immediately or else in the toilet she goes like all the turds !!!! 
Expect the worst , hope for the best ...... whatever .... 
So mom ans dad don't get flu shot and guess who gets sick ? Wonderful ......... 
AAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! It's snowing and it's sticking !!!!!!!! Not mentally prepared for this yet .................. 
My poor Gagey is home sick again , oh whoa is him ....... 
I knew it !!! Justice IS the smartest one in our family !!!!!! 
So my adorable 6 year old daughter learned something amazing to do with her body , armpit farts !!! So , so so proud !!!!! Oh and thanks to you Matty , because with out you , she would have never known that sound existed ! 
Just made 2 loaves of homeade bread , soooooooo good , and so easy , could not wait to eat , had to cut into it warm , yummy ! 
Hey White Liar , the truth comes out a little a time , and it spreads just like a fire , slips off of your tongue like turpentine ...... 
black 
black , straight , and down 
Ugh , tummyache , can't sleep ....... 
Ever notice the people that tell you to calm down are the one's that got you riled up in the first place ? 
Got another one ..... Consciousness-that annoying time between naps . 
Headache finally going away , was a BAD one , Between my stomach and head this morning , don't know which is worse ....... oh well 
She was a headlees hip shakin ' < PROPFEMALE > ........................ 
It is a good day ! Gage is the bestest reader in his class , 5th grade level !!! Justice got the principals award , and gets to have lunch with Dr. Kupferschmidt , and < PROPMALE > starts school tomorrow !!!!! Go kids !!!!!!!!!! 
I don't feel 40 , am I supposed to ? 
HEARTBURN .................... 
Not even 9 yet and everyone is asleep but me ...... sssshhhhh ....... 
Happy 8th Birthday to my Gagey , I love lots and hope your party was everything you wanted !!!!! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox 
Everybody listen up .... Gage Kirshman got the Principals award today !!!!! Yay Gagey !!!!! He got have lunch with her and his picture on the wall of fame !!! Go Gagey , hooray !!!!! 
Kindergarten graduation today !!!!! Who Hoo !!! Have a Happy day , my Justice ..... 
Mmmmmmm ....... morning coffee 
Went to see Marmaduke , all I can say is , it was a nice 2 hour nap for me !!!!!! 
Aargh !!!!! An obnoxious 8 year old child is throwing a fit and crying over a video game ..... AND ..... now he lost it for 2 days go figure . 
I would LOVE a giant pitcher of sangria right about now ... any takers ? 
This moving seems never ending !! UGH ! 
Everybody in AZ is making me sooooo jealous , boy do I miss the smell of desert rain , feelin really homesick ..... 
What do you get if you goose a ghost ? A handful of sheet ! hahahahahhhaaaaa 
chickensh #t 
F#$*# ! It's snowing !!!! Yuck 
ASKING ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS TO PLEASE REPOST THIS AND LETS GET SOME PRAYERS GOING ! We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 Marines in four days . Praying for ... all our soldiers . PLEASE REPOST . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONES WALL ? " 
Lord , help me to be careful of the toes I step on today , as they may be connected to the ass that I may have to kiss tomorrow . Amen . 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . Thegoal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday Dec . 6 . Join thefight against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same ... 
Question ... Why would you attempt to return a sex toy , and not bother to , at the very least , clean it off ? Isn't that sort of thing non-returnable ? Like underwear ? People are wierd ... 
SOOOOOO Bored , It's making me sleepy ..... 
It seems we have had a death in the family , Gages ' beloved Bubbles has went to the big aquarium in the sky , He will be missed ..... Services will be held after school ... in lieu of flowers please send condolensces to Gage , He loved them more than his sister ..... 
Pukey sick little girl today , good thing I can deal with it , Sunday it was both kids pukey ! SO glad it's not snot and boogers ! 
Kids well and off to school ! YAY me !!!! What to do ? Why dishes and laundry of course ! That is after I get off FB .... hehehehe .... 
Noon today , so nervous ... ugh , Drank to much coffee and it's worse now , I hope I win !!! A#$hole ... 
It's officially over ... now to go throw up-JK- what a huge headache this is . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I can comment on yours as well .... Be a good sport and play along ... I get bored with the same old status reports . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately . Re-post if you have some of the BEST cousins in the world . 
