My big brotheris officially a sailor for the US Navy ! He's leaving for basic March 24th ! Yay Mikey ! 

This night turned from sucky to suckiest ! and i wanted to stay home tonight ... Damnit ! 
Yummy ! Strawberries for snack !! 
My day just became Awesome ! 
I wonder ... Do/Did authors write books or plays to be picked a part and analyzed by school children ? I think not ! 
Graduation Day ! Yay !! 
Yay !! Shrek with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's going to be hard sleeping at home without him here where he belongs ... 
Running . It relieves stress . It also proves how out of shape you really are . Damn . 
One more month !! Wooo hooo ! 
\You will have full contentment by summer's end\ " -Panda Fortune Cookie . I hope you are right fortune cookie . " 
Can't wait ' til Monday ! 
Dear Man on Motorcycle , Did you know your lisence plate says B Cup ? Why Man on motorcycle would that be your lisence plate ? 
Yay ! Tomorrow is Monday ! :) 
What do you say we leave for California ? 
About to watch Toy Story 3 !! I'm sooo excited ! 
Does anyone know somewhere that's hiring ? I REALLY need a job . 
Two more days suckas !! 
Less than 12 hours unitl I am no longer a minor ! Wooo 
There is literally NOTHING like giving a fifty pound puppy a bath ! 
You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . I hope someday you will join us , and the world will be as one . 
Have you ever been so desperate you framed your dog ? 
Bahahahaha ! 
Take me to The River ! Throw me in the water ! It's Time to go tubing ! Yaya ! 
Woke up crazy early today ! But I had fun morning with Benji and Janelley ! :) 
Interview in half an hour ! Woot Woot ! 
Back to the drawing board . 
If I had a million dollars ... 
I've got a fever , and the only prescription ... is more cowbell ! 
I like it on the kitchen table . 
How did we meet ? ( Copy this to ur status and see who remembers ) . 
I hate it , I hate it here . 
If I go to jail , will you go with me ? 
Thug means never having to say you're sorry . 
Guess what !! I like sushi :D 
Oh my god , < PROPFEMALE > , you can't just ask people why they're white . 
WEEDS !! 
Saw Tangled ! It was adorable ... Now I want a chameleon :) 
Watching VH1 Divas Salute the Troops ! It makes me miss my brother even more , but i'm super proud of him and can't wait until he comes home for a visit ! 
313 You are the most lewd female I have ever met !! But it always makes me laugh :D You're awesome and I love you :) 
9771900 - I think you are effing adorable ! I'm glad to have met you . You're really sweet and when you're not it's always funny , not because of how you say things but because of what you say :) 
24 - Ahhh ! I miss your face !! I loved that we had english together every year and I miss buggin Millanes with you ! I also miss the stories we would write with < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE>'s class ! Those were the best :) 
397 - I love you like a fat kid loves cake ( probably more ) , more than a stoner loves his special brownies . I can't wait until we get married when we're 40 . We'll get divorced and end up getting married . 
0.1 - Sorry , I rounded . I think you're a pretty funny chick , you made drawing waay fun . I especially liked it when you , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and I would get in trouble pretty much everyday ! 
I want soup ! 
Ummm ... No Mr. Astronomer guy , I am no Gemini . You can suck it ! 
\You can't just walk in here with a big banana and expect everything to be peaches \"" 
I forgot how creepy parts of The Lost Boys are ... but it's still awesome :) 
So , I found a strange dog wandering around the house . I guess there's a hole in the fence and they have four little white/blonde haired dogs . The dopey looking one keeps going through the hole . 
Ahhhhhhh ! I won $100 dollars ! Suck it ! 
A chicken and an egg are lying in bed . The chicken is smoking a cigarette with a very satisfied smile . The egg is frowning and looking frustrated . The egg says , \Guess we answered that question ... \"" 
I went on an unanticipated run this morning , my ankle exploded , but now I know my way around the new hood . Thanks Lilo . 
I swear I just got over being sick like two weeks ago . Stupid . 
I feel terrible :( 
Now it's just annoying ... 
Who has two thumbs and has to go to the doctor tomorrow ? This chick . FML ! 
I want soup and ice cream . Those would be the best right now . 
My younger brother is home sick today . I think he's addicted to the NFL . He's either watching the NFL network or playing Madden . 
My day was legit , my home arrival adorable , Grey's Anatomy with Mama is the < PROPFEMALE > to my day . 
The snozzberries taste like snozzberries . 
My brother is going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Beiber for once again stealing his hair style . Do it . 
I have the attention span of a two year old . 
\Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living 
< PROPMALE > has been whining for like half an hour :/ 
I think i'm going to dye my hair ! What an adventure that will be :D 
Went to Native with the Fam and I got to see my second family too ! Exciting :D 
I want to ride in the Cash Cab ! 
A best friend is someone who supports you unconditionally . When the going gets tough , a best friend is right there beside you . 
Oh my gosh , I hate females . 
