Happy New Year ! 

OMG Yola is back on Facebook ! 
Mass , mass , mass apologies to everyone for not jumping back on Facebook as soon as my computer was fixed a few months ago . ( Thanks Huss ! ) Please give me a few days of lurking before I start communicating with individuals . 
just got axed . :( 
is thinking of volunteering for paid medical experiments for cash . No -- wait -- bad idea . If I did that I would be ineligible for Unemployment assistance right ? Plus guinea pigging has health risks . 
Maybe I should sell my kidney like that Israeli guy . 
is wondering why there are so many fan < PROPFEMALE > s for Chocolate . All Facebook needs is six -- one English , one Spanish , one another language , one bilingual , one with great recipes , and one that brings up environmental-labor issues . No need to make up another Chocolate Fan < PROPFEMALE > people ! 
is frustrated by MySpace and Photobucket . 
is lurking on your < PROPFEMALE > . Yes YOUR < PROPFEMALE > . 
is still drained from spending yesterday with her mother . :P 
took a bath yesterday . She soaked in coconut milk , neroli oil , and rosepetals . Plus she threw in a \teabag\ " of herbes de provence and cinnamon sticks . " 
This is an open invitation for everyone to continue the saga of Campus Robot . 
is wondering what this Fancheck fuss is all about , so she's doing the app to satisfy her curiosity . 
just changed her profile photo . For those of you who haven't seen me since high school , this is the reality check . I've porked out ! 
posted in a public forum and accidently used her real name . My cover is blown . 
got herself a Flowbee and gave herself a vacuum haircut . ;) Pictures soon ! 
misses eating shrimp chips . Specifically the ones that are translucent \raw\ " that you fry up fresh at home . " 
is looking for a better personality app . 
is getting Crafty ! Made a soap ball today . 
The brain is not working now . Time for Facebook fluff ! 
Back from Computer Class ! 
Saw a corpse today . . . 
got creeped out again . ( Is this a trend ? I hope not . ) I was standing on the corner of 33rd and Park , looking at my notes for errands to do , when somebody got my attention . I looked up and found some guy breathing on my neck saying \Your body is going to Burn in Hell . \"" 
is trying to figure out the difference between Live Feed , News Feed , and Chicken Feed . 
can't get the Mayor Bloomberg sound bite \Do we want to go back to < i > that < /i >\" out of her head whenever she thinks about her past earnings ( retail cashier ) and compares it with different job ads ( hotel desk clerk ) . " 
Back from the Bowery Poetry Club ! 
is not happy about all of the skin problems she's been having lately . 
is not sure why a couple of her FB boxes are not displaying content . 
wants you to turn up the bass . 
They're filming Rescue Me on 3rd Avenue between 27th and 28th Streets right now . That's less than two blocks from my apartment ! 
My horoscope for November 16-18 : < PROPFEMALE > in 7th House ; Mars Conjunct Jupiter (!!!) . Not sure if that means Jupiter aligns with Mars . :) 
needs to remind herself to stay away from negative people . 
is using a temporary keyboard . ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE >.) 
is forever on the edge of 17 . 
has a f*cking court hearing next week . 
Quote : JC -- Jagermeister is my close friend tonight ; TC is waiting for happy hour . You people are < PROPMALE > lushes ! 
Back from the Sting concert ! :D 
Got Sting's autographs . Again . :) 
is sipping mugwort tea . I think it's supposed to make you \see\ " things . " 
Snow is fun only if you are little kid . 
Happiness is warm feet . 
Got new glasses ! 
Just came back from the Mid-Manhattan library with two books . 
is pondering how two of her relatives are doing < PROPMALE > home rennovation work for their father's houses over the holidays . Hi < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Not a bad day in online dating land so far . 
Off to apartment sit and watch Glee now ! 
started a note and saved it on the draft mode . Now she can't find it . 
is thinking of blocking a couple of fellows on OKCupid . Rude chat behavior . 
overcooked the noodles for a simple peanut noodle dish . Blech ! :P 
Colored my gray hairs today . 
is noticing comments about french fries and cheese . Somebody's hungry ! 
Another day , another job application . 
Aspargus and pasta in goat cheese sauce tonight . 
accidentally melted a plastic bowl yesterday . 
Pot pie tonight . 
Crafted a soap ball for myself . 
I got a dental overlay on one of my lower left molars done today . It had to be done because I had fractured a filling . 
Ribollita tonight . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I've been away on another site . Facebook looks a lot different . I guess I have to wander around and reorient myself . 
is going to a singles party this coming Saturday . Should I be a good girl or should I get drunk and laid ? 
just got < PROPFEMALE > Montana shoes . For herself . 
Met a lot of friendly people at the NYC OkCupid Get Together last night . 
Burnt chicken and dumplings tonight . 
A few of my friends here are coming down with colds/flu . Feel better everyone ! 
Fish Chowder tonight . The EZ semi-homemade type version . 
needs to reset her biological clock instead of sleeping in . I need to get back to an \Early to Bed : Early to Rise\ " habit " 
is back in the Big Apple . 
wishes both her friend < PROPFEMALE > and her cousin < PROPFIRST > the most wonderful birthdays ! 
has gone retro . I bought Bumpits hair volumizing inserts so I can give myself a bouffant hairdo . 
Wind wrecked my umbrella today . :( 
Got a good deal on hard cider . ;) 
can't believe she spent the past half hour watching Ishtar . 
Is there any diplomatic way to tell somebody that I would be more physically attracted to them if they went to a doctor and fixed a cosmetic flaw ? 
is curious as to whether a certain doosh bag will show up at tonight's singles party . I'm not his victim , but he has earned a skeezy rep in the local online dating community . 
Doosh bag never showed up . We all had a great time befriending each other at the Singles Get Together . 
Went on a date on Sunday . Unfortunately , he didn't have the X Factor . 
Visited the New York Public Library ( the famous one with the big lions ) today . I went to look at the New York Waterways Exhibit . 
Applied for a job at the HIV Center today . 
Finger food ! Homemade McNuggets and roasted asparagus . 
Homemade McNuggets and Garden Salad . 
is tip-toeing through the tulips . 
Morrocan lamb tagine/stew . 
Correcting earlier post : Black dude wants to go beyond communicating via OKCupid . He gave me his cell phone number and email address . ( Not the reverse . ) 
Peach blossoms . 
I was listening to the Smiths , when I picked up on of my writing books . It opened to a chapter called \Hand In Glove \"." 
Balsamic chicken strawberry salad . 
I'm a census worker now ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ... raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Got fingerprinted by a Fed . 
Attended open mic comedy in Williamsburg . Not impressed . 
Got fingerprinted again . It took them two hours ! 
Just got insulted by a troll on OkCupid . He called me an \ugly broad \"." 
Just got messaged by a polyamorous couple on OkCupid . Hmmn . . . 
I had my first spam musubi ! 
Had a Vietnamese raw egg soda yesterday . 
Today was my first day of doing actual enumerating work for the Census . 
Today was my first day of enumerating for the Census sans partner . 
dropped the year she was born on her profile for security reasons . 
\finished\ " her binder early and has no paid work to do . :P " 
is wondering what goes with < PROPFEMALE > red . 
@ < PROPFEMALE > family : Has any of us researched the family tree ? 
A Census enumerator stopped by my apartment while I was out enumerating . * Sigh . * 
got interviewed by the Census enumerator who was assigned my apartment . 
wonders why the h*ll she can't just sign up for the training workshops at the Brooklyn Career Center if the dates and times are on the schedule . 
is exhausted from her Memorial Day shopping spree . 
had a dental procedure done today . 
is wondering why she had to blow up the new Facebook privacy notice to 150% in order to read it . 
had her call dropped three times and was put on hold for 30 minutes and 15 seconds by fr**king HSBC . 
I got friend requested by somebody wbo goes by the name of Alvonso < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . I have no idea who he is . Does anybody ? 
Is there a Spanish to English translator app on Facebook ? 
Needs to be more vigilant about the hours she works so that her net pay is more than her weekly unemployment allowance . 
Attended a Finding Your Career Path workshop this morning . 
Wishes she had a portable email device . 
was lectured by a woman with no nose . 
Busy enumerating today . 
I not sleepy ! 
Is debating whether she should go to Figment tommorrow . 
Work is frustrating . Aaaaargh ! 
Feels lonely after the \company\ " picnic . " 
just paid her bills and is broke ! 
is having computer issues again . 
can use her computer mouse again ! All systems go ! 
Back from the < PROPFEMALE > Orton concert ! 
finds it odd that some random comment she made on a Meetup group < PROPFEMALE > got lifted onto the Facebook < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
is having problems with her personal computer again . 
is wondering if she should initate a wink/short message with this guy she had two dates with or just move on 
needs a new laptop . 
Thanks for the birthday salutations ! 
just got friend requested by a guy by the name of < PROPFIRST > Rhodes . I don't recognize the name or the face . Does anybody know who he is ? 
I'm back ! 
volunteered to be in her friend's rom-com short . 
saw a comedy show , ate at a veggie restaurant , and went impromptu bar hopping last night with friends . 
saw a one woman performance of The Monkey < PROPMALE > this afternoon . 
went out to watch a Korean rockumentary , Turn It Up To 11 last night . 
may be coming down with something . 
is in class right now and bored . . . 
busted her laptop keyboard . 
is tempted to buy a 2 day weekend Friar's Club Film Festival pass . 
bought Textured Vegetable Protein . Tastes like crap . How do I make it palatable ? 
went on a date yesterday . He was very repulsive . :p 
attended a networking workshop and was surprised to find someone she knew there . 
Do any of us really know EVERYBODY on our F.B. friends list ? Here's a task\ 
for you ... I want all my F.B. friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do \ 
the same to you . You will be amazed at the results you get 
Is debating whether on Wednesday , October 20 she should skip her upcoming MS Office class and attend her Mythology Meetup club's lecture and discussion . 
Hey ! I have an open note that y'all need to look at ! 
My MS Office course was abruptly cancelled . 
has officially entered the world of acting for the screen . 
is wondering what are your favorite internet radio stations . 
will have more screen time in her friend's short because a < PROPMALE > character was written out . 
is flubbing her lines . :P 
just received a private message from somebody named < PROPFIRST > March . 
is fiddling with her privacy settings . 
went on a date with a hot bassist . 
Virus spreading like wildfire on FB . It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass it on !!! Thanks !! 
is trying to avoid booty calls . . . 
is noticing a few friend requests today . How curious ! :) 
Brrr ! It's cold outside . 
Sewage coming out of my shower pipes this morning . F*cking gross ! 
Copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone , who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . And the hearts ! ?????? For ... f **** sake , don't forget the hearts ! ?????? 
Today was my last day of acting in my friends's short . Post-production is now in his hands . 
is following the news from Assange to Zuckerberg . 
is wondering what to make of a blackface Halloween costume she saw in a corporate blog . 
Walked past a bus abandoned in the snow at Park Avenue and 32nd Street today . 
has no idea what to wear tonight . 
commited multiple sins on New Year's . 
is wondering if there any interesting places to visit between Williamsburg and Bed-Stuy . 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . A Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out !! plz repost this to your status to ... let your facebook family know 
is sending her laptop away for repairs . 
I'm back ! :) 
has a rash . :( 
Bedbugs ! 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the \institution of marriage\ " ? Really ?! Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you support equal rights for ALL ! " 
Back from visiting my uncle in the hospital . 
is debating whether I should hit the Borders fire sale . 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address . If you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , otherwise FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and repost . 
is back from North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day to my < PROPFEMALE > and Celtic friends ! :) 
needs a suggestion for a good stalker app . 
is eating pigs feet . 
spent time with my cousin and her two children today . :) 
