feels all warm and gooey <3 <3 <3 

Just checkin out facebook .... hmmm 
is lovin ' life ! 
Had the longest week ever ! Finally a day off !!! 
gonna see Inglorious Bastards 
is too f***ing destructive 
has had some really messed up dreams lately ! 
is a spark from the fire that is the universe ! Yeah ! 
WTF is up with this Farm game ?!?! 
needs help naming the new cat . any suggestions ? 
had a long night . just now goin to bed ! 
My state is on fire !!!! 
so bored , i've stooped to taking all these silly quizzes ! 
Goin ' camping ! 
is sleeeeeepy ! 
is melting ! It's too hot !!! 
its friday night ..... and im sitting at home taking these stupid quizzes . I'm awesome ! 
IT's RAINING !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Makin ' dinner 
LOVES this weather !!!!! Finally some relief !! 
too awake !!!! 
sleepy !!! G'night facebook . 
lookin good , feelin fine ! 
off to work . >.< 
Later , gators ! Off to bed ! 
has too much on her mind .... needs to stop thinking and go to bed !!! 
is freakin sick !!! :( 
* sniffle*sniffle*groan*cough * 
is stayin home . 
is so bored !!!! Staying home sick is not working for me ! 
Vikings vs . 49ers ? Hmmm ..... GO VIKINGS ! 
looks like another sleepless night . >.< 
can't stop thinking .... 
If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make , who would you call and what would you say ?....... And why are you waiting ??? 
The life-lessons that will always stick with you are the ones you learn when you've really fucked up ! 
is comin ' home in 2 weeks ! Can't wait !! 
ever stop and ask yourself ... \WTF am I doing ?!?!?! \"" 
It's gonna be a good day , damnit . 
looking forward to a great day tomorrow ! 
woke up smiling ! Hold on , world ! Here I come ! 
likes the direction life is headed ! 
Out of memory at line 140 ... hmmm 
is looking forward to an awesome weekend ! 
i hope the snow is still there when i come up to MN this weekend ! Haven't seen snow in a long time ! 
What would we ever learn about ourselves if we never took a < PROPMALE > ? 
I'll be on a plane in 24 hours !! Can't wait ! Been jonesing for a Lienie's since ..... last October ! 
packing ... and emptying my purse of all impliments of destruction ! 
is in desperate need of SLEEP !!! G'night , facebook ! 
Hold onto your hats , world ! I'm awake !!!! 
Final move today !! It's done !! 
enjoying a lazy sunday 
its monday ......... what more can i say ? 
monday's over :D 
1 ) scroll to the bottom of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 2 ) on the bottom left corner , click English : US . 3 ) when the language selection appears , click English(Pirate ) . 4 ) watch what happens 
You sweet moonbeam , the smell of you in every single dream I dream 
How did we meet ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase into your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know all your friends ! But before you do that , write our story below !! 
what to do today ???? 
wonders if you and I woke up in jail together ... what would you say to me using only 4 words . Then copy and paste this to your profile . 
is enjoying a lazy saturday , playing some WoW , sippin ' some Sangria . Tonight's menu : Filete jalapeño , gallo pinto , y tostones ! 
ah , nothin quite like a 2 hour long drunk conversation with Dad .... 
well now i've done it .... just get done chopping peppers and what's the first thing i do ??? RUB MY EYES !!!! What a freakin genius !!! 
heading to San < PROPMALE > for lunch at the < PROPFEMALE > Brewing Co . then maybe off to the beach ! 
is home alone .... bored ... probably watch a movie or something .... * sigh * 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . 
gonna go sleep it off 
can't sleep .......... 
Monday , you can fall apart . Tuesday , wednesday , break my heart . Thursday doesn't even start . It's Friday , I'm in love !! 
Things that make you feel like the world is ending are just opportunities to show the world what you're made of . I may not be ready , but I'm gonna give it all I got . 
Saw a ton of cars lined up at an outlet mall last night at midnight ...... I'm afraid to leave the house ! This is madness ! 
just killin ' time 
just wants this week to be over 
had a long day . Glad to be home . 
time for some R&R 
another friday night home alone .... what to do ???? Any ideas ??? 
is cookin ' up somethin ' spicey ! 
chillin at home 
Life is good . 
We can live without religion and meditation , but we cannot survive without human affection . - H.H. The Dalai Lama 
Looks like a stellar day is ahead of me ! 
” The spontaneous rally will begin at 1:45 . ” 
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . ~ Dr. Seuss 
had a really nice weekend :D 
home ................... 
Smile ; it the second best thing one can do with one's lips . 
.......... bed ....... :) 
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
FB won't let me comment on anything .... 
What lies behind us , and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us . ~ by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ~ 
\One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life . That word is Love . \ " -- Sophocles " 
Love is all ya need . Couldn't have said it better myself . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > Lennon ! 
If you just keep smiling , eventually it becomes easy . 
? < PROPFEMALE > came from Miami , F-L-A Hitchhiked her way across the U-S-A Plucked her eyebrows on the way Shaved her legs and then he was a she She says hey babe , take a walk on the wild side Said hey < PROPFEMALE > , take a walk on the wild side ? 
BLACK 
are we still doing bra colors ? 
\Cheese milk's leap toward immortality . \"" 
It's not gravity that holds me to the earth anymore .... it's you . <3 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about ... you . This should be interesting ... 
feels like such an ass . 
Never meddle in the affairs of dragons .... for you are crunchy and good with ketchup . 
is saying goodbye to stress and worry . All they do is keep you from seeing the good things . The little things that make it all worth it . 
is having a staring contest with the giant laundry monster accumulating on the bedroom floor ..... so far the monster is winning 
fianlly gave in and tackled the giant laundry monster . One more day and it would've developed a personality of its own and attacked me . 
is cooler than the other side of the pillow . 
The only thing wrong with being an atheist is that there's nobody to talk to during an orgasm . ~ Author Unknown 
I just googled myself a little . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say 
enjoying a few much-needed hours at home . 
makin ' cookies ! 
has never been so happy to see the weekend ! 
The sky is only the limit if you accept it as the limit . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . It's pretty funny . 
needs a mental re-allignment 
Mental Re-Allignment .... check ! Start off the day with a smile ..... check ! Organize stressful tasks into smaller , more manageable mini-tasks .... check ! Deposit million dollar check into bank account ..... still waiting on that one . :D 
I posted a job offer only an hour ago for a position I desparately need to be filled ( so I don't have to do it myself ) and my phone has been blowing up ever since ! I <3 craigslist !!! 
why are ppl changing thier profile pics to celebrites they think they look like ? 
bubble bath , cookies , and cheap wine ! A relaxation trifecta ! 
is home alone for the week :( 
So far I'm not impressed with the new FB setup ..... or maybe I'm not doing it right ? 
? Cuz I .... love .... the way you say good morning .... ? 
Just finished scraping what I'm pretty sure were boogers off the bathroom wall at work . People never cease to amaze me . 
? Look at the stars , look how they shine for you , And all the things you do . Yeah they were all yellow ....? 
oh ! I get it now ! 
Spanish word of the day : \MARIQUITA\ " Translation : Ladybug . \ " Hay < PROPFEMALE > mariquita en mi asno . \"" 
home !!! :D :D :D 
gonna try out my V-day gift ! A fancy-pants high-tech coffee machine ! :D 
has an unexpected day off ! I <3 Presidents Day ! 
“If you live to be a hundred , I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you . ” - A . A . Milne 
Anything that is worth having does not come easy . 
' s brain will self-destruct in 5 ... 4 .... 3 .... 2 .... 1 ............................................................................................................................................... 
Don't get your knickers in a knot . Nothing is solved and it just makes you walk funny . ~ Kathryn Carpenter ..... Now those are words to live by ! 
had a really nice weekend . :D 
: WANTED IN 48 STATES FOR BEING TOO FREAKIN ' AWESOME ! 
\The shortest distance between two points is ALWAYS under construction . \"" 
\Atheism is a non-prophet organization . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Carlin " 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ... 
\If you realize what the real problem is - losing yourself - you realize that this itself is the ultimate trial . ” - < PROPFIRST > Campbell " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , mainly because they already suffer from this ! 
\PC load-letter ? What the f*ck does that mean ?! \"" 
home just long enough to get comfy .... then back to work >.< 
is feelin i bit soggy . too much rain ! 
..... nucking futs . 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if you're car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend !!! HAPPY FRIDAY !!!!! 
just wants ONE DAY where there aren't wrenches being thrown in the works . Just one . 
HOLY TESTICLE TUESDAY ! 
Wish in one hand , sh*t in the other . Which one's gonna fill up faster ? 
B-A-N-A-N-A-S 
If you had a million dollars and only 24 hours to spend it all , what would you do ? 
needs an army of < PROPFEMALE > dogs to do her bidding . MWAHAHAHA !!!! 
this morning i learned that a group of toads is called a \knot\ " and a group of frogs is called an \ " army \"." 
As long as I have someone who makes me smile , I have everything I need . 
Stellar day ! Tiffany-1 White Whale-0 Eat that , BIATCH ! 
This morning I learned that the glue on the back of Israeli postage stamps is certified Kosher . 
But the greatest love , above all loves , Even greater than that of a mother , Is the tender , passionate , undying love Of one drunken slob for another ! Slàinte ! 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beatuiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : perfect 
coffee ... check , W-2 ... check , TurboTax .... check , anticipation for utter diappointment and more disdain than usual for the government .... CHECK !!! 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... GO ! 
ever just have a day when u look in the mirror and discover that all your self-confidence is nowhere to be found ? yup it's one of those days . 
Happy Spring , everyone ! :D 
good book , sunshine , cool breeze , glass of wine ! 
wishes life had a \pause\ " button . " 
http://www.divinecaroline.com/22081/76045-kiss--science-sex 
has a serious case of the \F*ck-its \"" 
What's this I'm hearing about the Stillwater bridge ???? someone fill me in !!!! 
started the day in a terrible mood . when I finally got to work it just seemed to get worse . nothing was working out in my favor this morning .... until a little old man came up to me and asked if i was there to collect the dead bodies ( i work in a radiology clinic ) . I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard !!! Thanks , little old man ! You made my day ! 
ANTS !!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Where are the little f*ckers coming from ?!?!?! 
still has not decided what kind of day it's gonna be ..... 
Pajama time ! 
A great big mass \HAPPY BIRTHDAY\ " to all you March-born folks ! There are just too many of you for a personal message .... Looks like a lot of parents were gettin busy in June ! " 
banana hammock . 
F*CK . 
If I had just one wish it would be to have a full 24-hour span of time when everything just went as planned . That's all . No surprises , no wrenches thrown in the works . Just ONE F*CKING DAY of boring uneventfulness . Sometimes boring is good . 
hmm .. beer sounds lovely right now 
..... norkelin ' 
is covered with ANTS !!!! AGAIN !!! will it ever end ?!?!?! 
Optimist : someone who isn't sure whether life is a tragedy or a comedy but is tickled silly just to be in the play . ~ Robert Brault 
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer . ~ Albert Camus 
Ok , Saturday . Let's see whatchoo got ! 
is thinking today is a perfect day for movies , pajamas , and beers ! 
remember when holidays were exciting ? now the only holidays i get excited about are the ones that cause me to have a day off from work ! i'm no christian but if one of jesus ' holidays means i dont have to work , then he's cool in my book ! 
Breaking Bad tonight ! :) 
..... it must be monday . 
oh come on , weather ! seriously . frost advisory ?! i'm very disappointed . 
needs a puppy ! 
is sitting in the parking lot at work . watching a 150 year old lady tryin to be sneaky about sparkin up a joint . 
what's at the end of this mysterious trail of Cheerios ???? 
\There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold .... \"" 
What the &#@ ! do we know anyway ? Seriously . I challenge anyone to come up with a real answer to that question . 
cant i just have a kick in the teeth instead of this bullshit ? please ? 
that little grey monster tapping at my mind's window sure is a persistant f #cker . 
Gets a kick out of the way people use thier FB status to fight with thier friends ! It's called a telephone , kids ! It allows you to communicate with people privately without broadcasting your business to a world of people who really don't care what atrocious thing your bff ( EXbff now ) did during 3rd period gym class ! Yeah I went there . Get over it . 
better call it a night . 
Watch out , world ! I'm awake ! 
Already excited to leave the country next winter ! :-D 
hmmm .... i'm thinkin french toast . 
laaaaaazy day . love it ! 
aaaaafternoon delight ! 
bah 
I don't pretend to know what love is for everyone , but I can tell you what it is for me ; love is knowing all about someone , and still wanting to be with them more than any other person . Love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself , even the things you might be ashamed of . Love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone , but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you . 
\Home\ " isn't a place . It's people . " 
is that ...???.... could it be ???.... something seems to have gone RIGHT ! I'm not quite sure what to do with myself ! Could this be the start of a new pattern ??? 
mmmimosas ! :D 
busy busy busy .... but apparently not too busy to post a FB status >.< 
now serving B-7-5 at window number 11 .... i think i hold the record for most time spent at the DMV in a 6 month period . every visit makes me die a little inside . 
is awesome , as usual . 
in the words of U2 : its a beautiful day ! 
is looking for ideas on how to answer the door the next time someone shows up and tries to sell me some religion ! 
too bad it can't be sunday every day 
is looking for a good Tikki Masala recipe .... anyone ? 
GALLO PINTO ! 
what seemed impossible a few months ago doesn't look so out of reach anymore ! sweet relief ! 
HAS TAKEN TO WRITING IN CAPS BECAUSE SHE FEELS LIKE NO ONE CAN HEAR HER !!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAHHHH !!!!!!! 
i dont know what the rest of the world thinks 4-20 is , but out here it marks the anniversary of the legalization of medicinal marijuana . i think its a great thing and a step in the right direction ... and no , i do not smoke it . i dont consider today to be a potheads holiday , but im happy for the cancer patients who benefit from it . 
oh f*ck 4/20 ! seriously ! GROW UP !!!!! 
is dragging ass today . 
Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself ... ' How did I get through all of that ? ' 
To live is the rarest thing in the world . Most people exist , that is all . - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
needs to start painting again 
psh ! haters . 
is the Original Gangster . knowhatimsayin ? 
* sniff sniff * what smells like blue ??? 
Top o ' the mornin ! XD 
ok I just spent an hour of my life looking at People of Wal-Mart photos . I MUST peel myself away NOW !!!! 
¡Estoy cansada ! < PROPFEMALE > noche , facebook . 
forecast for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for the next 7 months : withering heat with relentless sunshine . i guess spring is over ? 
is hoping this week will fly by . ... we could just skip it , that's cool too . 
yeh ... this whole \giving a sh*t\ " thing .... it's just not working for me . " 
i will not kick anyone in the < PROPFEMALE > today . i will not kick anyone in the < PROPFEMALE > today . i will not kick anyone in the < PROPFEMALE > today ... 
I worked hard all day , I'm sore , I'm tired , I'm irratable , and I've just discovered that my neighbor thinks she's the next ( insert generic , blonde , pop-star here ) , and wants to share her \talent\ " with the entire neighborhood . Am I being punished for something ?! " 
To the person who broke into my car lastm night : I hope the jacket keeps you warm . May the phone charger afford you a call for help , should you need it , and the pack of gum give you lang-lasting minty-fresh breath . But you and I both know you'll probably sell everything you stole from me for a bump of meth . Ever ask yourself how you became so pathetic ? I pity you . 
is lucky to have such a great guy ! <3 
WTF ?! 
where might i be able to purchase pepper spray ? 
suddenly misses living in BFE , MN . Nothing ever happens there . 
SRPD ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Police Dept . ) = Stupid , Rectum-Picking Dickheads 
Wow , what a week ! 
? So far , so good ! Hope it stays like this all day . Keeping my fingers crossed ! ? 
happy hour , here i come ! 
at least 80% of the women here in CA are an embarrassment to my gender ... and I'm being nice . 
is off to do some plant shopping ! Tomato time is upon us ! 
anyone want to fly his/her ass out here and do my hair ? salons are not very accomodating to my schedule . 
Gettin mah hurr did ! 
is trying to upload a pic ... what the hell , facebook ?! 
sometimes all it takes is one snide remark to bring you down , or one smile to keep you going . which one is completely up to you . 
after the tenth time you've told someone the same thing , wouldn't they at least have remembered it by accident ?!?! like an annoying song you hear all the time ... you don't wanna listen , but you still know all the words !! 
ok , Tuesday . let's do this quickly . like ripping off a band aid . don't count to three , just do it . 
just finished playing in the dirt ! :D 
is it possible to successfully manage a business without having to be the wicked witch ? if so , please enlighten me . 
Just walked in the bathroom and found a 150-yr-old man sitting on the can with his pants around his ankles . His response : \Don't leave ! It's about to get good ! \"" 
Wtb puppy . Must have cuddling capabilities , < PROPFEMALE > disposition , and big floppy puppy paws . Preferably poopless . 
Ok I'll play .. you're sitting in a bar . A song\ 
comes on and suddenly you think about me . What song is playin ? Re-paste 
is uncomfortable with the fact that the fate of her job rests in the hands of someone else . i seriously hate this . 
This horse has been dead for a while now . Maybe I should stop beating it ? 
hmm .... why is there never enough alcohol in the house ???? 
did i seriously get up early on my day off only to be stood up by the person i was supposed to interview ?! People are so inconconsiderate . 
WoW .... to play or not to play ? hmm ... 
Tonight's menu : Baked Tilapia with mango salsa and cilantro-lime rice . GTG ! 
is bored , but unwilling to commit to anything productive today . 
is keepeing her fingers crossed in hopes of a better week than last week ! 
If a chicken and a half laid an egg and a half in a day and a half , how much would a pound of butter weigh ? 
needs a vacation ... and a beer . 
is NOT losing her mind .... 
ok I do not believe in ghosts , spirits , or anything of the like ... but this evening I saw something very strange and unexplainable . I am not crazy , drunk , or otherwise intoxicated . All I have to say is : WTF ??????? 
alright tuesday . bring it on ! you aint nothin ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a\ 
man wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man wanting to remind her how\ 
beautiful & wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a\ 
man wishing he could love her . While you make your woman CRY , there's a\ 
man who would do anything to steal a smile from her ... Post on your wall\ 
if you're against Domestic Violence ... 
My < PROPFEMALE > ran over your Dogma ... 
i may not have wealth , beauty , or fame , but what I do have has made me richer than any of those things ever could . I am truely fortunate . 
This year my tears are those of joy , not sorrow . I weep not for loss , but for great memories and the hope of many more to come . Grammy and Grampa , your memory lives on ! 
ok on the count of 3 i will start my day ..... 1 ..... 2 ........... 2 1\\2 .......... 2 3\\4 ............... 2 7\\8 ............ 
today I was asked how I handle stress ... my response : If I opened the door and let stress in every time it knocked , I would currently be curled up in the fetal position , in the corner of a padded cell , eating crayons and rolling my poop into little balls . 
When you grab ahold of me , tell me that I'll never be set free ... 
beer brats n homemade tots ! 
just watched most of \The Devil's Rejects\ " ..... now I need some intellectual stimulation quick ! Must ... replace ... brain cells ! " 
A Priest , a Rabbi , and a goat all walk into a bar ..... 
just got a random , hilarious text and spit coffee all over my computer !!! >.< 
Monday , let's settle this right now . 2 hits . Me hitting you , you hitting the floor ! 
Today's FB status is brought to you by the letter \Q\ " and the number 4 " 
to the person whose car alarm goes off outside my apartment each and every single night at this time : Way to go , < PROPMALE > ! How does it feel to finally be nominated for \Biggest Douchebag In The Universe \"?" 
Ah , that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > smell . Steamy garbage , homeless people , and pretentious assholes with a hint of desperation and socks . I do believe it is time for a change of scenery . 
Did I just use \bacon\ " as a verb ? ... maybe . " 
has a feeling that some < PROPMALE > changes are afoot ! :) 
If you have a wonderful man that works hard and would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with & you're thankful for every night , then post this as your status to give the good men out there the recognition they deserve , because great men are few & far between 
the definition of insanity ? Repeating the same action and expecting it to yield a different result . Duh , people ! >.< 
is out of memory at line 27 
is one lucky lady ! :D 
neighbor lady is in concert again ... >.< 
at any given time , I can count at least 5 cars parked at work that have dogs trapped inside them . Is this the thing to do now ? Why drag the dog tm the Dr. with you if you are just going to leave them in your car to bake in the sun ?! 
“All evolution in thought and conduct must at first appear as heresy and misconduct . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
It's all fun and games until somebody pokes an eye out . 
Why does every single idiot within a 20 mile radius have to be wherever I am ? 
here we go ! the ride of my life is about to begin ! 
is all smiles today ! i dont even mind that its monday ! 
embrace old memories , but welcome the new ones with open arms . 
is temporarily unavailable . 
Me , Myself , and I should not be allowed to talk to eachother ! Total mental overload ! 
Come gather ' round people\ 
Wherever you roam\ 
And admit that the waters\ 
Around you have grown\ 
And accept it that soon\ 
You'll be drenched to the bone\ 
If your time to you\ 
Is worth savin'\ 
Then you better start swimmin'\ 
Or you'll sink like a stone\ 
For the times they are a-changin ' . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
just wants to fly under the radar today . maybe if i wear extra makeup nobody will see me ? 
I sense a disturbance in the Force .... 
The average pencil is seven inches long , with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Brault 
I want to feel , sunlight on my face\ 
I see the dust cloud disappear\ 
Without a trace\ 
I want to take shelter\ 
From the poison rain\ 
Where the streets have no name 
would kill for some chinese food 
if you are always worrying about the future , you will miss it when it becomes the present . 
i guess < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will never find out what < PROPMALE > was talking about . 
3 day weekend ? what am I gonna do with myself ??? 
needs new reading material for the long weekend ahead of me ! any suggestions ? 
Press any key to continue ...... where's the \any\ " key ? " 
could get used to days off . :D 
D o-o ver ! 
found a lizard at work today . 
is moving to Nicaragua !!! 
is this a business i am working for or a 3-ring circus ? i'm confused . 
Just added to the bucket list : punch a supermodel in her perfectly manufactured nose and force-feed her fried chicken .... yup that'll do it . 
Oh what the hell ! Everyone else is doin it . \ 
If you like my status , I'll write something on your wall that I like about you . 
is really getting tired of babysitting her boss . I'm counting the days til I can finally say the 3 most beautiful , heartfelt words in the English language : \I F @CKING QUIT !!! \"" 
It is foolish to tear one's hair out in grief , as though sorrow would be made less by baldness . ~ Cicero 
is in an acoustic mood today 
how u like them frijoles ?! 
is it too early for < PROPFEMALE > ? hmm ..... 
Buy it , use it , break it , fix it , \ 
Trash it , change it , mail - upgrade it , \ 
Charge it , point it , zoom it , press it , \ 
Snap it , work it , quick - erase it , 
just took over an hour to fill out an online job application ALMOST in its entirety and momentarily lost my internet connection ( as well as everything I had just filled out ) . THANK YOU COMCAST ! 
.... 1 ....... 2 ....... 3 ........ GO ! 
Leave\ 
a 1-word comment that you think best describes me using the 3rd letter\ 
of [ YOUR ] name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on\ 
your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
...................... just keep swimming , just keep swimming ..................... 
CAN'T WAIT TO GET THE F*CK OUT OF THIS CESS POOL KNOWN AS CALIFORNIA !!!!!! 
why do i always have the hardest time figuring out what to wear to a job interview ?! i hope \equal opportunity\ " includes the fashion-impaired . " 
Phase 2 of interview process today . Apparently my impeded fashion sense went unnoticed ! 
monday ? 
note to self : tortilla chips with a \hint of lime\ " taste like windex . do not buy them again . " 
is pulling on her big-girl panties . deal with it . 
\I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! ” - Dr. Seuss " 
??? Floating in the summer sky , ninety nine red balloons go by ! ??? 
ok enough ! Today , I'm gonna make something happen ! ( Cue cheesey 80's movie montage ) 
ok , Friday . Let's see what you got . 
is lobster red and exhausted 
ranchero music is the auditory equivalent to paper-cuts on your eyeballs . >.< 
Hmmm ... Guy's Choice Awards or Fútbol Kung Fu ? Just too much testosterone in the living room for me ! 
??? Whoa-oh ! < PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy ...??? 
has mad skillz 
Landlord is making me take my bird feeder down because the neighbors don't like birds ..... yeah well I don't like NEIGHBORS . Whatchoogondoboutdat ???? 
Decided not to go to the S.F. Pride parade today . The cause just isn't there anymore . It used to be a celebration of rights , now it's just an excuse for people to act like idiots . No , thank you . 
Starts the new job tomorrow ! 
is taking care of a sick boyfriend tonight . :( Hope he gets better soon ! 
is selling her WoW account . :( 
someday we will get there ... 
had an epiphany today .... i am actually comfortable in my own skin ! i dont know when it happened , but it sure has been a long time since i could honestly say it . 
. ..... looks like tonight is gonna be interesting . 
slow night in the psych < PROPMALE > ... 
last night I learned that the \butt chin\ " is a dominant genetic trait . " 
......... >.< 
just got a missed call notice from monday ..... who called me from West < PROPFEMALE > ? 
: Side affects may include but are not limited to : Dizziness , fatigue , dry mouth , memory loss , blurred vision , anal fissures , mania , mild cases of deadness , heartburn , mild to moderate acne , yellowing of the eyes , temporary to permanant dimentia , insomnia , difficulty swallowing , diarrhea , itchy teeth , and an uncontrollable urge to get down with your bad self . 
every daydream that involves the past sports in its hatband a ticket to the grave- < PROPMALE > robbins 
is gonna make things happen .... it's what i do . 
has a mad hankerin for indian food ! 
is a professional chicken-dancer 
Does Koala poop smell like cough drops ? 
feels like winter here ! :D 
is currently being followed and relentlessly circled by 3 vultures ... is this a bad sign ? 
If life is full of little challenges to test our character , I'm getting the feeling that it has been \finals week\ " for the last 8 months ! " 
feels ... defeated . 
stock the cooler with some Honeyweiss and hold onto your hat , Minnesota ! I'm on my way ! 
Those who matter don't mind , and those who mind don't matter-Dr Suess 
ehem .... testicles . that is all . 
haven't you heard ? it was my understanding that everyone had heard ... 
is now in need of a new spine after hurdling over 4000 speed bumps in a golf cart . 
yumbo yack y < PROPFEMALE > soda ? joo < PROPFEMALE > frriess widdat ? y ketchuh ? 
What is your favorite thing EVER ? 
Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ... and I'm not sure about the universe . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
A person has to use more muscles to frown than to smile ... so why is maintaining optimism so exhausting ? 
no more surprises please ! my head is this close ( pinches fingers to nearly touching ) to imploding .... and brain matter tends to leave stains . 
What is with the sudden stress ?! it came outta nowhere and shows no indication of leaving ! ugh . i need chocolate . 
. im a teepee ! im a wigwam ! im a teepee ! im a wigwam ! 
This WILL work . 
so much to do , so little time to do it ... so naturally i am parked on the couch , staring vacantly at a spanish soap opera . 
for my sanity's sake , i really need something to go right today ! keep those fingers crossed ! 
Anyone have a wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing tube man i could borrow ? 
.... take #2 
Murphy's Law at its finest . 
Thundercats are GOOOO !!! 
WABBITS !!! 
VICTORY IS MINE !!! 
I'M IN THE CITIES , TRICK ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! <3 
Gimpin right along ... 
Dear knee , stop hurting . thanks . 
Weather guy says Northern Lights likely on Aug 3rd ! 
Phone was out for a couple days . sorry if i didnt get your messages . 
is the reunion this weekend or next ? 
.................... 
needs chocolate . 
is nursing a massive hangover . 
do or do not . there is no try . - yoda 
is watching the storm . i miss weather ! 
What has two thumbs and doesnt wanna spend another minute breathing air so humid you can swim through it ? ^THIS CHICK ! ^ 
needs an easy , inexpensive way to keep my basement from becoming a swamp in this humidity . any suggestions ? 
homicide rates skyrocket in hot weather . just sayin . 
its after 10pm , still 80 degrees , and i am drinking hot coffee and baking cookies ... ya see ? this kind of weather will make ya lose a few marbles ! 
Meteor shower peaks at midnight tonight ( 10pacific ) Dont miss it ! 
hunting for the rare and elusive Hen of the Woods mushroom ..... they are tricky little bastards . 
is ready for bed already ..... i know , right ?! 
im convinced that the brown recluse spider i found ( and failed to kill ) last night is waiting under my pillow and plotting my demise . 
cleaning house today so my sister can fill it with Nebraskans this weekend . 
just created something so close to divine that when i was finished a < PROPFIRST > of light shone down upon it and a chorus of angels sang a < PROPFEMALE > so beautiful a single , glistening tear rolled down my cheek ..... i just made homemae oreo cookies ! 
At the carwash , yeah ! 
just cant manage to measure up . 
ima be ima be ima ima ima be .... 
for you , i'd bleed myself dry . 
What does it take to show someone that you are willing to walk through the depths of hell just to see thier smile ??? 
Just experienced the original Juicy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i am the warrior ! 
i throw my hands up in the air sometimes .... 
.... < PROPFEMALE > and temperment .... 
Top 10 celebrity douchebag list ... GO ! 
let's try this again people ! i want a top 10 CELEBRITY douchebag list ! READY .... SET .... GO ! 
Why is competitive eating not in the Olympics ?! 
I LOVE LAMP . 
is kind of a big deal ... just sayin . 
making the world a better place , onecookie at a time . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , just to see if they notice . 
happy saturday ! 
Today's FB status is brought to you by the letter \Z \"" 
live each day as though it is your last 
Wait ..... what ? 
is it fall already ? my sinuses seem to think so . 
crack is whack . 
Wherever you go , there you are . 
BRRRRRR ! 
. LOVES PUPPIES ! 
road trip ... 
i need some space to move my hands hands hands hands ! 
is unimpressed ... 
oh yeah ! THAT'S why i can't wait to get the f&@# outta here ! I almost forgot ! 
is dreaming of volcanoes , pineapples , and warm beaches ... 
NMFP , NMFP , NMFP , NMFP , NMFP ..... 
i miss mi amor . cant wait to get back tomorrow . 
. POPPYCOCK ! 
is pretty sure Iowa is the armpit of the universe . 
is getting the ball rolling ! 
Just trying to escape the neurotic trappings of my upbringing ... 
Where the wooly-bears at ?! 
is up to her ears in pears ! 
hooray for sweaters ! 
i love that after a year , my boyfriend still has the power to simply look in my direction and give me a raging case of the stupids ! :-D 
No internet readily available , so sorry if i don't get back to everyone . Leaving for Nicaragua in January ! 
Getting things in order for the big move ! No internet or cell at home so call me at the house !... 651-436-7958 
.... jumpin thru hoops 
I'm so excited , I'm coming outta my skin ! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH !!!!!! :D 
just counting the days now ..... 
2011 is going to be a stellar year ! 
9 days !!!! 
almost there ! 
is not gonna be able to sleep all week ! 
“Two roads diverged in a wood , and I -- I took the one less traveled by , and that has made all the difference . ” - < PROPFIRST > Frost 
I made it ! The Great Migration is complete ! 
Time to put on my game face ! Let's get some shit done . 
It's no surprise to anyone that bureaucrats were placed on this planet solely for the purpose of turning what could be an easy , seamless experience into a complete and total mind-fuck ! That being said , why does it always feel like the first time ?!?! 
is experiencing information overload . can't wait for the weekend so i can de-frag my brain and maybe get rid of a few pesky brain cells ! 
Week #1 almost over and I'm still alive ! 
whoever it was who told me quitting smoking gets easier over time is seriously full of shit . 
had a blast over the weekend and as a result , slept like the dead ! Good morning , Nicaragua ! 
i love the food here but i miss my kitchen ! 
please , NO MORE BEANS !!!!!!! I just can't take it anymore ! They're turning me inside-out ! >.< 
laaaaazy saturday ;) 
one must embrace change if one wants to grow 
must ..... have ...... chocolate ...... 
i think today could have gone better and i'd like a d o-o ver please . 
is now fully recovered from the hangover of the freakin century 
??? NACATAMALES !??? 
........... 
..... is it over yet ? 
* THOUGHT OF THE DAY * Why is there braille at a drive-up ATM ?? 
downloading ebooks ...... LOTS of them :D 
is really missing HOME 
today is another day . that in itself is good thing 
\Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken . ”\ 
one thing i love about Nicaragua : they put cheese on freakin EVERYTHING ! 
just talked to my sis . totally made my day ! :D 
looking forward to a day of food , friends and sunshine . what more could a person want ? :D 
has traded Daddy Long-Legs and house-flies for Tarantulas and Scorpions ! >.< 
fell in love with Nicaragua over the weekend , the moment I met the tortilla lady ! 
“There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers what exactly the Universe is and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable . There is another that states that this has already happened . ” - < PROPMALE > Adams 
\Flying is learning to throw yourself at the ground and miss . \ " - < PROPMALE > Adams " 
\Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe there are fairies at the bottom of it too ? \ " - < PROPMALE > Adams " 
“He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife . Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife\ - < PROPMALE > Adams " 
: Atheist and HAPPY . Get over it . 
I ? the beach ! 
just spent the better part of an hour on the phone with Customer Service only to be disconnected when I'm just ONE step from finally finishing the call ... I think I might cry . 
I live in a country where coffee is grown and I have not had a cup in over a month .... this saddens me . 
is downloading The Elegant Universe 
is waiting ... 
A ---- RRRRROZ ........ A-RRRRROZ ........ A-RROZ ...... ARROZ ! RRRRRRRR ;) 
\Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia\ " - the fear of long words . " 
aRRoz , caRRo , buRRo ........ peRRRRRRRozompopo ! 
“To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are . ” 
yeah , I stick out like a sore thumb here , but really , what´s so cool about blending in ? 
is eating a doughnut .... and smiling . :D 
Is boycotting the letter \R\ " .... seiously . " 
is itchin ' to get started on the new house ! 
the new house has a bird nesting in the lime tree , falling mangoes , and a forcefield of geckos keeping the ant population in check ..... ah , life is sweet ! 
is freakin happy ! 
?? TAMARINDO ?? 
ah-choooo !! 
???? Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious . ???? 
When life gives you lemons , make grape juice . Then sit back and let life wonder how you did it . ? (????•?) ? 
\Right\ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
the Ultimate Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life , the Universe , and Everything ........ 42 
has decided to explore the < PROPMALE > of chocolate-making , so move over , Godiva ! 
huevo .... huevo !....... HUEVO !!!! ..... seriously , the neighbor needs to teach her parrot a new word . 
aaah ! it´s raining mangoes ! 
is currently in possession of about 1001 mangoes and no idea what to do with them . Any ideas ??? 
\A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completey foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools . \ " - < PROPMALE > Adams " 
weather forecast for the next 6 months in Managua : Hot . The following 6 months : Hot , with a < PROPMALE > of F*ING HOT . 
Aaa-choo ! 
i miss NyQuil 
I know why the common cold is also called the rhinovirus . It's because I'm pretty sure I have a rhinocerous stuck in my nasal passages . 
Here comes Jesus ! Quick , somebody hide the eggs ! 
just finished reading up on how to treat scorpion stings , due to the fact that my boyfriend unknowingly brought one home on his jacket . now that I have a severe case of the creepy-crawlies , I guess I'll ...... go to bed ? 
{ insert profound , inspirational quote here } 
To have an invisible friend at the age of eight is charming and not cause for concern . To have an invisible friend in adulthood is however a cause for concern and could be considered psychotic . So how exactly does giving them the name of a deity change that opinion ? < PROPMALE > Slattery 
Two hands working can do more than a thousand hands clasped in prayer 
note to self : NEVER look at the internet history of a computer that was previously used by two teenage boys ..... 
needs rum ... lots of rum . 
woohoo !!!! RAIN !!! pretty sure I just heard the pavement sizzle ! 
...... hail ????? for real ?!?!?! AWESOME ! 
head games : the most counterproductive form of \getting your point across\ " . Although they're very effective if you want to make steam come out of my ears ! >:( " 
had a great day in Granada :D 
...... who died ???? 
?? PERROZOMPOPO ?? 
Needs to find a reputable tattoo shop in Managua .... any suggestions ? 
i love that my living room window is covered with lizards :) 
The belief that some cosmic Jewish Zombie can make you live forever if you symbolically eat his flesh and telepathically tell him that you accept him as your master , so he can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib-woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree .... A plot for a Sci-Fi movie ? NO ! It's Christianity . 
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day ; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime ; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish . 
Warning to everyone on my chat list who is currently online : I will be sending you all a brief message just for shits and giggles . :D 
When is Mother's Day in the states ? 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart , < PROPFEMALE > not on your own intelligence . Proverbs 3:5 ....... And yet , people STILL buy into this ???? 
Man created God in his image : intolerant , sexist , homophobic and violent . 
anyone here a nurse or doctor ? i have a question 
Love is blind and is always accompanied by Madness . 
could really go for a cold one 
why is the rum gone ? 
side effects may include : dizziness , shortness of breath , vertigo , dry mouth , giddiness , awe , amazement , and uncontrollable urge to get down with your bad self . 
can't wait to bring home our puppy ! ? HOORAY for puppies ? 
