Can't wait til my Squish wakes up so we can start packing our Summer clothes for Florida ! 

Had a super-fun sleepover with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , complete with cartoons , arting , and living room camping ! I need to get a photo of our tent before taking it down ... if I even decide to take it down . It's so cozy :) <3 
Thus far , today has been spent cleaning the kitchen , packing , cleaning & feeding pets , dusting , organizing and more packing . Yay productivity ! * sneezing my head off , though * 8 ( 
Finished three commissions today , now having some hot chai tea and looking up houses for rent ! 
Root canal times 3 tomorrow . I have a horrible phobia of the dentist , so this isn't easy . The only thing keeping me sane is the move to Florida by April . Hopefully will be sitting in my favorite spot in Palm Bay with my family and friends for my Birthday ... I want that more than anything else . 
Urgh ... root canal is over with ... wasn't able to get more done because they sent me home for mangling my own lip . It looks like raw hamburger . I was half conscious and my lip was completely numb , so I didn't have a clue what I was doing . Now , the only question is should I take pics to gross people out with . 
I think my lip is infected . I feel very , very weird , weak and awful .. 
Feeling much better and excited to spend the next two days packing , cleaning , playing with ratties & watching horror movies with my Squish :o ) 
Want my Squish to hurry up and come home so we can have some homnemade garden vegetable soup , then some hot tea , and watch < PROPMALE>'s Home whilst snuggled up away from the horrible snow . 
Would love to plan a big camping trip this April if we've not moved by then . I crave one last camp trip in the mountains . 
My rattie Dip may be gone by morning . Being evicted . I don't know what's next . Something GOOD , I hope ??? 
Spent a good 5 hours cleaning my cockroaches ' tanks and putting them into smaller containers for the move . I have 20 species , mind you ... 50+ individuals in each colony . There's gotta be some kind of career for this stuff ; I could play with bugs all day long and die a happy clown . 
Every day , I hope for good news . The suspense , stress , fear and worry is killing me ... I have no idea where I'm going to live in 5 days . I just want my little family to have a happy , sturdy life together . After all this ... we deserve it . 
I think I've lost the ability to get excited , but it looks like we MIGHT actually be out of here in just a few more days ... * crosses fingers , toes , and all 3 eyes * 
Next few days are going to be INSANE ... so much to do before the 15th , after which point we'll be having our power shut off & will be internet-less for several days , possibly a week or more . If anyone wants to send me some nice long messages to come back to once we're all moved and settled in our new home , that would be awesome :o ) <3 
Stressing out because I told everyone to come over sometime in the afternoon , and I only just woke up at 1 PM ! I'm not even CLOSE to prepared yet ! * Rushes around getting everything ready for a 10-person cook-out ! * Hopefully photos later ( o: 
Ahh yesterday went awesomely . Made tons of food , played yard games and watched a creepy movie in a pile of stuffed animals . :P My idea of an awesome party ! 
Talked to < PROPMALE > for several hours tonight about a lot of important things that I avoid conversing with anyone about because no one ever takes them seriously . I think it would be a good idea to give a therapist a < PROPMALE > at helping me , as soon as I'm able to afford it . 
Hello internet . Just letting you know I have eaten an entire bag of peanut butter chips in a mere 2 days . 
I now have three white's tree frogs ! The first one was named Fats , but he is now ironically the least fat . Naming the new ones Ortin ( named after the purple fungus , Cortinarius archeri , as he was deep bluish-purple when I got him ) and Egon . Because ... EGON . x ) Hopefully at least one of them is female ...! 
Can't decide whether I want to go to bed , or make some hot tea , sit on the porch in my new socks , draw , and enjoy the morning . Desperately want to take a trip to the beach one more time before the oil spill gets to us and kills everything . :o ( 
I could really use a distraction from my shitty mood today . I feel like I've been couped up in this house too long doing nothing but working on commissions to save up for a car I'll never have . /woe 
Slept good . Feel better . It feels weird to wake up in the morning instead of right as the sun is going down . So nervous/excited about getting Jax today ! He'll likely be on his way to me in the next few hours . 
I cleaned my first iguana poop . We bonded . I petted him under his < PROPFEMALE > and his eyes went closed . He really wants out of his cage now , but he needs a few more days to adjust and relax , then I'll take him out lots . <3 
Concerned for Jax . He had a thick callus on his front leg which came off and now there's a smooth fleshy area with a bit of dried blood : c He won't let me touch it , and he seems more lethargic than usual , so I'm thinking it's time for a potentially expensive vet visit . I've only had him a few days and I already feel like a bad iggy mommy :( 
Jax keeps tearing open his wound . Vet imminent . I seem to be the only person who sees it as an emergency . 
I am SO relieved that the vet visit went so well :) Jax was a sensation at the office ; everyone was fawning over him and taking photos . Apparently his wound isn't as bad as I thought and it should heal nicely . The vet seemed impressed that I knew as much as I did about iguanas ... though I'm not sure if that says something about me , or the other people who come in with pets and don't know their shit ! :P 
Went to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland again at the dollar theater with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and my Squish , then < PROPMALE > around < PROPMALE>'s house a bit and played with their awesome cats and the frabjous Pup ! Tuckered out . All in all a great day ( o: 
So who wants to come to my birthday party ??? My b-day is the 21st ( Summer Solstice ) . Come hungry , & bring an extra set of clothes . Water balloon fights & other kiddy water games imminent !!! Also , it's likely to be an outdoor sleep-over party for those who aren't WUSSIES ; complete with tent , spooky stories & burnt marshmallows . I'm hoping this will be a birthday filled with all the childish things that I love :o ) 
