is super tired from debating bills for the past two days . 

It's Thanksgiving ! Be thankful for all , and take one of everything ! Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is babysitting . 
I'm reading facebook in pirate ! I dare ya to try it . 
wonders how many days of the school has . We've used 6 already . 
I'm wondering how many days off the school has . We've used 6 already . 
Hates how parents will say one thing , then when that one thing is up they make it something else . 
Gotta hate the sick days . 
Hate it when the one person you HAVE to talk doesn't get on . 
Hate it when the one person you HAVE to talk to doesn't get on , but a lot of other people are on . 
Already planning for DC . Get ready Washington ( DC ) ! 
Laugh , and the world laughs with you . Laugh hysterically , and for no apparent reason , they'll leave you alone . 
If the school play the six flags theme song over and over during passing times , would you pay for them to stop ? 
Does anyone know when we're suppose to meet for the choir concert ? 
Feeling so boooored ! 
Learned how to play the Tetris Theme Song on the piano today . It's been a good day . ? 
... I have to convince my parents that I can learn basic Japanese and is responsible by next year . Any suggestions ? 
have listened to so many Japanese songs that they sound like their singing in Spanish ... Is that a bad thing ? 
What's life without a few enemies ? People are always saying how you should be nice to other people , but where's the fun in that ? My epiphany of the day . 
I'm on a roll for epiphanies . I had like five just yesterday . Now I can't remember any of them though ! ;( 
Anyone know of medicine for writers ' block ? I've got a great story in my mind , but I can't seem to write/type it down ... 
I twisted my foot today , and now it hurts like heck . Hope I didn't twist it ... ;( 
Car rides . One of the most boring things in the world . If you can think of anything worse please enlighten me . 
Humanity :( n ) all human beings collectively ; OR life is a b*tch with a bunch of different people that you'll learn to hate . Deal with it . 
Somewhat depressed . Does anyone have any cookie dough ? 
Woot !!! Hastings beat the undefeated Trojans ! 26-21 ! Yay Homecoming win !!! Does anyone know who got crowned < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Does anyone have any idea what chapter we're on in History ? I completely forgot what it is ... 
If you only knew what I was up to ... XD When school is back , no one will know who I am ... :) 
Internet is shot . It's boring at home now . 
Yay ! Its a two hour delay ! G'night people . 
