Happy Easter 

Alli you are the best , I luv ya ! 
yay ! Drunk playing just dance with my < PROPFIRST > ! 
Omg headache . 
Just ordered some pizza and waiting for the fights to start . 
So proud of < PROPFIRST > . He figured out how to get into a sitting position from laying down , he pulled himself up to a standing position in his crib , he's signing more and all done , and he did the sign for elephant at the zoo yesterday . He's so damn awesome lol . 
I think lithium causes OCD lol . 
about to get tattooed , this guy is taking forever to prep . 
Can't sleep . Ugh . 
Why do I do this to myself . Stay up til 5 or 6 am and then complain about being tired all day . 
If I just take one I'm hyper and can't sleep but if I take both I'm good . What the hell ? 
Omg ! Thank goodness for her < PROPFEMALE > taking her for the night because I'm about to lose my mind . 
If the sun doesn't show soon , I will be blue . 
The sun never came dammit . 
You just had to come and rain on my parade . 
Wow it's nice to wake up at noon . 
Disgusted with Tito Ortiz , I hope he is booted fromthe UFC . 
Soon it will all be over , and there will be no more tears and no more pain . 
Ash says it's a small fucking world , too small . 
Officially single bitches ! 
Can't believe Kharma is 4 today . Happy Birthday Baby . 
God I'm getting old . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone . 
All I want to do is have some fun for awhile , that's all I ask for . 
Dammit , can't find a sitter and I really wanna go . 
I'm so bored , I wanna go do something . 
You split with me , and you have the audacity to ask in disgust if I'm already seeing someone . 
If you think crying and begging for me back is gonna work , guess again , I'm over it . 
anybody wanna come watch the fights with us ? Let me know soon 
Happy Mothers Day 
What the hell am I gonna do for the next 18 days ? :( 
Omg ! 2 more damn weeks , I'm so damn bored . 
Ugh power is out , and for some reason can't call or text anyone . Creepy ! 
All that hassle just to find out all I had to do was restart my phone . Geeze 
anyone wanna play drunk twister tonight ? 
Yay ! About to go visit him . 
8 more days ! 
Damn my friends fuckin suck , can't wait til he gets out . 
Never drinking strawberry daiquiris again . 
Just got my conches pierced , thanks Ashee-Poo 
Just got a < PROPFEMALE > piercing , ouch but it looks sick . Thanks again Ashee-Poo 
Yay ! Just waiting for him to walk out of the doors . 
Fuck everybody ! 
Tired , sore , my stupid toe hurts like a bitch . I just want to be done with all the damn drama and be happy . 
Happy Birthday to my lil brother < PROPFIRST > , gettin him nice and drunk tonight . 
There better be a damn good reason or I'm gonna be mad as hell . 
Got to sleep in this morning , Summer Jam tonight , fishing and < PROPMALE > vs Liddel tomorrow , and maybe some more fishing sunday . It's gonna be a great weekend . 
Mmmmmm mexican food always helps with my hangover . No fishing today , maybe tomorrow , watching the fights at the theatre , can't wait . 
Disappointed with my fighters :( but still had a good time , bowling after the fights , then had a wonderful night at the brown palace hotel , and yummy breakfast in bed . 
I love my new Dyson ball lol , and I can't wait to get the punching bag set up . 
113lbs me plus 215lbs heavy handed boyfriend plus play fighting equals accidental elbow to the nose . Ouch !!! 
Go cart racing tonight , won the second race with a bug lodged in my eye the entire time lol gross . 
Just watched Daybreakers and I have to say it was one of the dumbest vampire movies I've ever seen . 
OMG ! He popped the question last night . Yay !!!!!!!! 
So damn tired , but I'm going to get my ring sized today yay . 
got the flowers for the bouquets and the boutenieers . Yay ! 
Shampooing the carpets and they are so gross . 
O how I love being tattooed on 4 hours of sleep , but it's gonna be worth it . 
OW my god ! It's so sore and swollen and we are just taking a smoke break . 
Thanks < PROPMALE > for ruining the fight for me . Stupid ass Lesner . 
Wedding dress shopping Thursday with my 2 favorite girls and my mother in law to be . I can't wait . 
Yay !!!!!!! I found my dress ! I thought the lady was crazy when she pulled it off the rack , but I fell in love with it when I put it on . 
Dispicable Me was so damn cute , hilarious , and I cried lol . 
Full day at the spa Thursday , can't wait . 
Thank god for the spa tomorrow , cuz I'm about to have a nervous breakdown . 
Disappointed by the spa a little bit , but love love love the orchids my hunny gave me . 
WooHoo ! Mayhem Festival here I come . 16th row from Korn , < PROPMALE > Zombie and 5 Finger Death Punch ! 
ugh I need a sitter for the night . 
yay ! Finally a night to get drunk . 
Had fun last night . I was so damn drunk lol . 
Hooray for shopping ! 
Had a great weekend with my hunny and friends . The Other Guys is the funniest movie I've seen in awhile . 
24+ years as a patient , and taking my kids too , and this is the first time I've ever spent an hour in the damn waiting room . People who were walkins have been seen before us . Wtf !!!!!!! 
why can't health care just be free like everywhere else ? 
It's really sad when you have to make shit up in your head to make yourself seem like the better person . 
it's cute you think that , but I have better things to do . 
Hmmm ... should I go see a movie or should I go have some drinks at the club ? I think I'm gonna go drink , you know since I \party\ " all the time . Lmao hahahahahahahaha " 
Had a fuckin awesome time \partying\ " . About to leave the club and go home and sleep . " 
Reminder to self : Next time you go downtown for dinner and drinks , don't wear 6 inch platforms . Walking from < PROPMALE>'s to Suite 200 was like walking across glass and hot coals . But in the end had lots of fun , thanks Lovely Lady . 
Having to repeat myself about things that are pretty much common sense is getting really annoying . 
Giving away all of < PROPFIRST>'s old baby clothes . Going through them is making me a little teary eyed . My baby boys getting so big . 
OMG ! I know you did not just fart on my leg and acted like nothing happened . Lmfao !!!!!!!!! 
It's nice to know who has my back and who doesn't . 
No one ever listens to me . 
Taking the kids to the zoo , hopefully I can get better pics this time . 
That long ass drive for nothing cuz you forgot to turn up your bass knob , thanks . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , you could've been the one to save us from the strip club , but noooooo ! You just had to be too tired . :) 
Turned out to be a good night . 
Dear Mr. PO , next time you schedule a visit to the house can you please make sure it's a day that I'm motivated enough to make the house pretty for you . Cuz todays just not working for me . Thanks 
Dear Mr. PO , just wanted to let you know that I worked my ass off cleaning so the house would be pretty for you . Thanks for not showing up , again . 
Stupid men ! 
Questioning what sanity I do have . 
What to make for dinner ... 
FML 
I hope to see everyone at the Step Up for Down Syndrome walk on sunday , seeing as no one has registered . 
Thank you to those who came to walk for < PROPFIRST > . For those who couldn't come for a good reason I understand . As for those who just didn't come , you suck ! 
Tristans sleep study went well . He did really good with the therapist putting all the sensors and whatnot on . His head was wrapped like a mummy lol . But I'm so tired . 
Bought the kids a mini trampoline and they haven't stopped bouncing since I put it together lol . Also got < PROPFIRST > a Rody horse , he loves bouncing on it . Definitely worth $50 . 
Getting my < PROPMALE > fix . 
Been running on 2 hours of sleep since 6am and yet I'm still wide awake cuz I just can't get enough of this damn show . 
I solved the Rubik's cube , yay me lol 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > Mtn . Zoo today , gonna test out the kids new Cadillac wagon . 
Had a blast at the zoo . Got some really great pictures , missed a really amazing one cuz my camera was being dumb . 
13th floor tonight yay !!! I better be scared dammit . 
so disappointed in myself :( 
O my fucking god ! < PROPMALE > Lidell is at Platinum 84 and he's sitting a few tables away . Omg I'm like a little school girl . 
wow ! Well that was pretty fucked up but whatever . 
Now that I'm a little tipsy and having spoken to Mr. Liddel a 2nd time , I realize that he's not as nice of a guy as I thought he was . He was rushing to get out of not talking to me . < PROPMALE > ! 
Ugh why do you take me to these things ? You know damn well I'm gonna hate it . 
OMG they have Fraggle Rock on demand ! Lol 
My first 10-4 tonight , ought to be interesting . 
Not as bad as I thought . 
cops are taking pictures wtf 
I can't believe you did that shit !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I like it on the couch , coffee table , and the kitchen counter . 
The Social Network was better than I thought it would be , but not outstanding . I'm sorry Ashee-Poo , I hope I can make it up to you . 
Met < PROPFEMALE > Cope this morning , nice guy . A lot nicer than Liddel . 
Ugh ! I have been stuck at the tattoo shop since 9:30 am and only tattooed for 2 and a half hours . Watched for the rest of that time , and now they are closing but I can't leave because the man with the money has left and is now taking his sweet ass time coming back . 
Why is it so hard to decide ? 
< PROPFIRST > can now stand up without pulling up on anything ! I'm so proud of my little guy ! 
Feeling a little empty . 
Almost finished decorating ! I am so gonna win the $250 . 
< PROPFIRST > decided his bath wasn't good enough so he dove head first into Kharmas bath . 
He'd rather go learn how to grow plants than spend time with his daughter . Gotta love those deadbeat dads . 
Went to < PROPFIRST>'s follow up for the sleep study . We now have to see an ENT to see if he needs his tonsils out , get an EKG done to check for pulmonary hypertension , and check his thyroid . Yay more shit on our plate . 
OMG !!!! < PROPFIRST > just took 3 steps ! Aaahhhhh I'm so proud of my baby boy . 
What is going on with all the UFO sightings lately ? 
Started going through my stuff in storage . Pretty sad and pathetic when you have a hard time getting rid of stuffed animals . 
How is it that I am the only one carving these damn pumpkins ? They're kicking my ass . 
Stupid pumpkins are finally done now that it's 2am 
Why must you be in Texas ? 
Like this status and I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about you . 7 ) Give you a weird nickname . 8 ) I challenge you to repost this . 
Jackass 3D was pretty fuckin funny . 
Costume shopping , what should I be ? 
So tired , but can't make myself go to bed . 
Time to party like a sexy ass nurse ! 
I think I had fun last night lol . 
Hurray for my new phone . Thanks hunny . 
My new phone is fucking awesome but I think it might be smarter than I am . 
Due date was fucking hilarious . Zach Galifunakus is a genius . 
You're too sick and tired to help me bring the kids in the house after a trip to the damn hospital , but you weren't too sick or tired to get tattooed this morning . 
About to head to the hospital to see Destinee . So glad the surgery went perfect . 
About to go roller skating for the first time in years 
Well I didn't die . 
< PROPMALE > Cook tonight woohoo ! 
Bought a new tree , got it up and decorated . Tomorrow , put up the lights outside and we'll be ready for christmas . 
Ugh I'm getting sick . 
Just found out there is a ducking sex offender living in the building next to us . Time to make some posters . 
Little < PROPMALE > has parvo , I'm really hoping we caught it soon enough and he can fight through it . :-( 
< PROPFIRST > has to have heart surgery , but it'll be a simple catheter surgery to repair a hole . 
Omg I almost died racing those damn go carts , and now I'm stuck at the stupid strip club . 
My baby < PROPMALE > is home ! 
Surgery is scheduled for next monday . 
Oh man , I thought I was going to have the < PROPFEMALE > for this , but not so much now . 
Finally got tristans orthodics , today . He didn't even hesitate in them , just took off lol . 
Who knew that finding a damn < PROPFEMALE > dream townhouse would be so fucking impossible . I'm gonna be disappointed if I can't find it . 
Kharma had so much fun ice skating , only fell once . 
Omg I thought I was gonna be in toys r us til 6 am , but luckily I walked right into the six wheeler with the house on it . Yay 
Ugh I'm over wrapping presents . It'd be nice to have some help , but then they'd all look like kharma wrapped them lol . 
Waiting for the surgery to start . So fucking anxious 
He went to sleep a lot faster and easier than i thought he would . Now its just the waiting game . 
Just got the first call back from the nurse , < PROPFIRST > is doing well , and they are now resizing and positioning the devise to close the hole . 
Surgery is over , he's doing great , a little pissed off but good . 
Dumbass stye , my eye is so swollen my vision is beginning to blur . 
Ok everyone can quit with surgery already . Third one since november . Ridiculous 
This going to bed at midnight and waking up at 4 am is killing me . 
Wow , how the hell did I get stuck with 6 kids , by myself ? 
Ugh I hate being up so early . 
the bookcase kicked my ass . 
Couldn't even imagine myself having to cut my own arm off , crazy . 
Great , < PROPFIRST > and kharma are sick . 
Yay now < PROPFIRST > is sick , awesome . Ugh ! 
Ugh I feel like shit . 
I put almost a while thing of red food dye into just one tub of white frosting and its still pink . Wtf 
Obsessively cutting coupons for the past few weeks paid of today . 
Tristans < PROPFEMALE > and ekg went great . The asd is completely closed . 
Hurray ! He is a free man 
< PROPFIRST > is like a reverse sour patch kid , he's sweet first then sour . I'll be surprised if I'm not bald by the end of the day and my cheek isn't operated from my jaw . 
Yay ! Booked our venue . The official date is august 17th . 
Anyone have any ideas for a recessional song , ' cause I'm at a total loss . 
Happy Birthday to my big handsome boy < PROPFIRST > . Wow how the time just flies by . 
Maybe red frosting wasn't the best idea . But who cares he enjoyed it . 
Time to gamble ! 
Baking a cake and 48 cupcakes , all decorated like < PROPMALE > . The things I do for my kids . 
Well we found a show < PROPFIRST > likes other than sesame street . But unfortunately its fucking < PROPMALE > . 
What !?! Breakfast in bed . How freakin swee t.t hank you baby . 
Hey lovely people , just a little reminder that world down syndrome day is march 21st , so remember to wear blue and yellow . 
I realize that I'm not a nurse or anything , but I know my kids and when I say that its easier to find a vein in his ankles I know what im fucking talking about . 
At a country bar in Greely watching these dumb hicks trying to dance to hip hop is quite entertaining . 
Wow what a concept , giving a kid with a fever some motrin gets rid of the fever . Omg , works better than letting her sit there miserable for five hours . Stupid < PROPMALE > . 
Must be really fucking nice to be able to just go < PROPFEMALE > out with your friends whenever you feel like it . Must be nice . 
Well I thought < PROPFIRST > was in the clear of catching whatever Kharma had , but surprise . Damn it . 
That's the last fucking straw , I'm switching pediatricians . I tell them he's breathing hard and they tell me he can't come in cuz they're booked today . 
Happy world down syndrome day 
Dear IRS , thanks for being complete assholes and delaying our return for another month . Now I have to go dress shopping yet again because now I can't get my dream dress . Thanks 
If anyone knows of someone who is looking to buy a wedding dress , I'm selling mine . I'm asking $375 but I'm willing to negotiate . 
Yaaaaaayyyyyy !!!!!! I got my dress . 
Made wish on a shooting < PROPFEMALE > tonight . So far its not looking so good . 
Sesame street live tonight , family photo shoot tomorrow , and Kaden's birthday party sunday . Busy busy weekend . 
How in the hell do you burn raviolis ... Twice ? 
Wow my baby girl is 5 today . Happy birthday Kharma , I love you ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
finally internet on a freakin computer 
