No xbl :( 

is working on the bridge card shuffle 
did so much better on his AP exams then he expected !!!!! 
is wondering what everyone is doing . 
Walk in to a familiar place , see some familiar faces . 
Cross Country : Making you take long run to your death . 
Just finished reading his last book for english !!! 
Started the Statistic work , Procrastination sucks :( 
Just beat kingdom hearts for the ump-teenth time and still thinks it is one of the best games he ever played , regardless that it is 7 years old !!! 
Waitin for the mail 
Finally got my schedule ! It is embarrassing for the school when they say you cant take a class because it won't fit and you figure out how to fit everything in with no problems . 
1 essay down , 3 to go 
MLG Shirt and Sweatshirt ! Birthday presents rock ! 
had a pretty good birthday . Good presents the best being all the people wishing me happy birthday on my wall . Thanks everybody who did so :) !!!!!!!!!! 
Last Day of summer = Last Day of Freedom - Kids with AP work still to do 
Summer work is done ! 
forgot about the AP stat quiz :( 
Now is done with his Summer work :) 
School tomorrow , hope senior year is as easy as they say it is :( 
is petting his cat with one hand and feels very evil 3 :( 
First cross country race : not too bad :) 
Beat kingdom Hearts RE : Chain of memories : Sora's story !!!! 
by the end of the week everyone will know who each others followers are , then facebook stalking will reach it peak :) 
Taking a STAT quiz : DO NOT DISTURB ! 
Stat online quizzes suck :( 
$25 to amazon : looking for songs to buy , if you have any suggestions just comment any songs you think are amazing 
Anyone ever hear of Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > ? 
still lookin for song suggestions , comment your favorites , i like all genre 
Every part is you , every part if me , raise your hands , and sing , tell them we can be , showthem who you are , show them you can see , raise your hands and sing , tell them we are free What do we know ? What do we know ? 
Captain's Log , day 11 , been usin ' this blasted facebook on me ship fur 11 hourglasses now , how long til we get back to the mainland ? 
Homework done , ODST here i come ! 
Cross Country has come to being thankful that we only have to run 3 < PROPMALE > , what is this world coming to ? 
ran about 7 or 8 < PROPMALE > + hour and a half of karate = tired legs , but seeing < PROPFIRST > Veil on the ride home was interesting . 
Surrogates = one of the best movies i have seen in a long time !!!!!! 
is starting to loose interest in facebook 
posting on facebook to pretend im giving myself a break from physics II lab 
Finally has an Adult account on Xbox Live !!!!! 
hasnt updated his status in a while 
screwed up his psych survey and has to start over :( 
feels the need to update his status 
Statistics is such a pain >:( 
Stat work done , just in time so i can kill myself 
Gov down , man i wish i had less hw 
Why do we people beat around the bush for so long , when a situation can be so easy when tackled directly 
is done with his hw and will now ........ have no clue on what to do since this has not happened in a while ???? 
wonders if someone thinks he is the pinnacle of nooblyness 
why , at times , we don't want to want what we want ? 
How can someone who is invulnerable understand what it is like to be vulnerable ? Think about it . 
Got in his first accident , and it wasn't his fault :D 
is always up for a good vidmaster 
not a big fan of long days , well at least when they are not enjoyable . 
long day = over , hopefully tomorrow will be nicer 
fooling around with vista , lets see where this goes ... 
why does hw make me tired ? 
Watching Gohan Embarrass Cell , Man i love this show ! 
Gohan vs Cell is one of the best battles ever ! 
finally figured out how to capture videos 
Feels like he is zombie land , and has the urge to go outside with a bat and take out some zombies 
Days full of hw suck , but 1 step closer to finishing the beowulf project , priceless 
feels like crap after running the worst 400 of his life :( 
why do facebook videos take so long to upload ? 
finally got his video on facebook 
no practice tomorrow !!! 
where is everybody ? 
has no hw , but feels like he is blowing off his work 
knowledge is power , but gaining the knowledge is the true difficult task 
why do we see what we only want to see 
no 
wonders how many people are regretting not asking someone to homecoming 
due to homecoming no one is posting on facebook 
doing the gov extra credit assignment 
wonders why social interview never asks his friends questions about him 
“Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind” 
no longer a rainy day in coopersburg , now a rainy evening in coopersburg 
\You could never stop this feelin ' I've got insideof me . I'm prepared to let this go to let everybody know im just ordinary \"" 
has a lot of hw , and is really not in the mood to do it :( 
In times of a difficult situation , asking the truth may be the best measure , and change your feelings toward others :) 
the weekend , so much to do and i dont want to do any of it 
why do people feel more attracted to others , when the others do not feel the same attraction back ? 
was texted by someone , and has no idea who it is because he doesnt text 
has no notifications :( 
if knowing is half the battle , what is waiting for the battle to come ? 
forgot that the time changed today 
hates the beowulf project !!!!!! 
likes waking up to the sun 
facebook back to normal :) 
is sleepy , looks like he is turning in early 
Is passing time by doing stat hw , wow , has my life really come to this 
nice and relaxed , sometimes being anxious is ok 
needs to update facebook more often 
steam is gaseous water 
hates it when you can't get a person out of your head 
cant get on xbox live , damn router issues 
GOT ACCEPTED TO PENN STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has more friends online then he thought he would ever have in total on facebook 
debating what to do ... 
wonders how many people set their states to offline while on facebook 
had absolutely no one available for chat 
doing well , how about you 
is waiting to be tired of waiting 
Never give up , for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn 
With each night of sleep we lose the moment and come more into reality 
why do people text me when i dont take 
a little effort can go a long way 
hates this supposed dislike app , it definitely doesn't work 
is thinking of a status 
XC blankets are AMAZING !!!! 
feels like a loser 
track : much easier then cross country 
hates spanish hw 
watching the greatest freak out ever videos on youtube 
I saw a couple of my friends have this as their status and am curious what people will ask : You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty . 
I saw a couple of my friends have this as their status and am curious what people will ask : You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty for 24 hours . 
really thought more people would have asked him questions 
realizes gameinformer has greatly influenced his views on gaming 
Finally started the Psych Project 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ... so any takers ? ( This failed so bad the first time , guess ill give it another go ) 
everyone is waiting for their inbox to be full , rather then writing in others inboxes 
anyone know when the AP Gov assignment/project is due ? 
checks Facebook for no apparent reason 
currently very content with his life 
Monk 
Winter Wonder Land 
feels bad for anyone starting the Psych project right now 
< PROPFEMALE > 
sometimes when things don't go as planned , they turn out even better 
is happy , who else is happy ? 
is becoming obsessed with \I Gotta Felling \"" 
Senior of the day fading with each passing second , it was a good one though . :) 
no practice :) 
Finished this stupid physics lab 
Avatar was AWESOME !!!!! 
The Hangover = Genius 
Happy New Year ! Time to hit the ground running on my resolution ! 
Got txting 
had a good night , and goodnight world 
53.3 
< PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
55.3 X ( 
< PROPMALE > = Brilliance 
es horrible :( 
trip to canada has been put on hold , i need a trip thats in the US , anyone have any ideas other then the obvious places like vegas , maybe kansas ? 
ran 2 races today , one at 9:30 pm and 10:50 pm , why did i join track ? 
should check powerschool more to realize he isnt doing as bad in school as he thought 
xbox 360 died :'( 
finds it amusing that 9th graders have more info on their facebook then he does 
is beat 
Hw Sucks :( 
SCHOOL CLOSED 
back from the beach , shorts and all :) 
Has to do Stat HW :/ 
school is officially closed !!! slsd.org 
6 day weekend and no xbox , time to get innovative . 
no track meet this week , i get to enjoy the 6 day weekend with no interruptions ! 
has bioshock 2 , now waitin on an xbox 
xbox is not coming back till 2/15 :( 
when one door closes and fades to black another one shows in the light 
Track :( 
Internet is back ! 
feels pretty good after his first day of work :D 
is the < PROPMALE > of shorts , no more :( 
is looking for someone to go to avatar 3D with and sit in the front row to experience the epic 3D , anyone interested ? 
I like how LOST promises answers and by the end of the episode we learn basically nothing !!!! >:o 
Everyone loves a good dance 
90-135 
kidney stones suck ! 
i know what's on my mind , what's on yours ? 
what physics II worksheets do we need to do ? 
i like this 
just remembered daylight savings , not looking forward to losing sleep 
School , Track Meet , < PROPMALE > , Physics 2 Lab . I can't believe i didn't watch lost !! D: 
according to a letter from Southern Lehigh , i am currently not doing a spring sport . That is weird because i have been running SPRING Track for the past few weeks ... 
taking a placement test for psu , Do not disturb 
has to work tomorrow 12-8 :( 
this is to the assface(s ) that egg cars , without scum like you the world would be a much better place 
decent day at work , had its boring parts , but all in all a good day :) 
: Entei and Raikou you are worthy adversaries , but you both have been bested today . 
is curious how many girls think of asking a guy out , rather than being asked out by a guy 
up early for track 
BEST . < PROPMALE > . EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
first track meet went well 
second track meet went very well . 
currently has the best 400 time in the league !!! 
is alright , just a badly sprained ankle hoping to make it back to track soon 
is down but not out 
is looking at other peoples statuses and wondering who they talk about and if the message get to the person that their about 
just found his phone , sorry i didnt text anyone back 
will be back to track soon !! 
healing ... 
loved kick-ass ! 
life is all about the ups and the downs , cant wait for the down to end 
studying for AP exams :( 
enjoys liking pages just to see what they are hiding , and when done reading them , immediately unlikes them :D 
Cos if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me , And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be , Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we'd meet , And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street . So I'm not moving ... 
needs a moment to breath 
An amateur practices something until he gets it right . A professional practices it until he can't do it wrong 
at a track meet all day , and whats the first thing i do when i get home , check facebook . 
49 pages left 
i gotta feeling , woohoo 
cut from work early ! 
repeitive thoughts and emotions can drive one to insanity 
hates it when a girl drives him crazy and she has no idea he likes her 
always sets himself up to fall 
51.3 seconds 
wonders how many girls would say yes if he asked them for there number 
made a simple mistake and now is really regretting it 
feels better , halo is magical 
wants to write something mysterious where only a select few know who its about , but sadly i doesnt have anyone to do that with :/ 
is thinking ... 
What you are looking for is what is looking . 
ate < PROPFEMALE>'s for the first time ever . Little known fact , my body hates < PROPFEMALE>'s food . 
Happy that when he woke up the power was back on 
cut from work , again ... 
wanted to say something happy , but after looking at everyone's status people seem really down , when did the world get this sad ? 
< PROPMALE > is renewed ! 
out for a run 
cut from work . again ... 
“Envy is a symptom of lack of appreciation of our own uniqueness and self worth . Each of us has something to give that no one else has . ” 
does anyone know which computer science course southern lehigh offered last year , A or AB ? 
track is over :/ 
note to friends : if you like those really long stupid things , i will remove you from my feed , don't take it personal just realize your a dumb-ass for liking them in the first place 
< PROPMALE > is so amazing , 2 hours lasts so long and the show just continues with plot twist after plot twist :) 
Have I told you about the Umbaka ? 
my 4 top news items are people who are now single and of the four none of them none were in a relationship with each other :( 
Life for you , has been less than kind . So take a number , stand in line . We've all been sorry , we've all been hurt , but how we survive , is what makes us who we are ! 
did not expect some things that happened tonight 
wow , a few days ago 4 people out of relationships , today 4 new people in relationships 
Primal classes are for people who practice beastiality 
and then there was one . 
Graduating Tonight . 
needs to acquire more knowledge 
good day for grad parties . 
relizes he has many issues , but his issues are what make him , him . 
has no idea what to do :-/ 
working 5 days this coming week , gonna be fun . Looks like i wont be working eclipse ! 
who would have guessed The Girl and The Dude were dating !? 
grown ups . see it . 
fun night , movies tomorrow , work and play :-/ 
after a long days work , can still manage to have a great day :) 
life : go to work , go home , go to bed , get up , go to work . Yea its fun . 
New Game : Paste the last thing you copied into your status . \ 
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible . Arthur C . Clarke 
is making a cd to listen to in the car 
has seen 5 people's status ' in different languages , i am very confused 
Looking to read a new manga , any suggestions ? 
knows a thing or two about statistics and government , and knows a lot about psychology :) 
who's ready for inception tonight !? 
Inception was AMAZING 
predators was enjoyable 
has the need to forge in reach , why does halo 3 forge suck so much compared to it !!!! 
why is the rum always gone ... 
was blind , now that he can see , ignorance is truly bliss 
6 < PROPMALE > in 47 minutes . WAHOO !!!!!! 
begin each day as if it were on purpose 
enjoyed the movie Hitch :) 
Happy to say the last grad party was an excelent one . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Youngblut for an awesome time ! 
Dance where the wind takes you ! 
working on jeeps 
im glad their isnt something that alerts someone that you are stalking their profile 3 :D 
talks and thinks too much . Eventually I will enjoy the silence of the air and the mind . 
NEW COMPUTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Long fun day , nice to have people to spice up your life . :) 
Level 2 Espeon , the last to join my collection of every Eevee form ! 
Plans to destroy the Mages Guild through the use of necromancy and cruelty . 
* most random noise * I'm a turkey ! 
The Expendables was much better then I expected ! 
why so we say we eventually will do something and never do , what is getting in our way other than ourselves ? 
feels the urge to go on xbox live to talk to people 
first day of classes 
If my reality is only a dream , yet i believe that this dream is reality , why do I ever need to wake up ? 
2 1/2 hours for a class , is so much longer than i realized ! :( 
Had an Awesome Day !!!!!! 
Finally got his xbox set up 
First game back to Halo 3 matchmaking in months , and i get a perfection with sniper tool of destruction . Nice to know I still got it :D 
took the whole afternoon and evening to write an Essay , hope its a good one . 
classes are canceled all day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you everybody for writing happy birthday on my wall , even if you did it without really knowing me you helped me break over 100 wall posts !!!!! Thanks so much and I hope life is going well for all of you :D 
My economics book starts chapter 1 with a Lost reference ! Economics is good :) 
My econ homework feels like a test online , makes me nervous I'm going to put the wrong answer :\\ 
is insanely thirsty , curse comp sci for no food or drink in the computer lab ! 
HDMI CABLE IS HERE , xbox meet computer :D 
Xbox + Movie Theater Projector = AMAZINGNESS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's alright to tell me what you think about me\ 
I won't try to argue or hold it against you\ 
I know that you're leaving , you must have your reasons\ 
The season is calling your pictures are falling down 
talks too much . 
will only be on facebook once a day , this things is such a time waster 
Reach !!!!!!!!! 
TGIF 
Kingdom Hearts is truly one of the best game series I have ever played . The way they connect everything from game to game and have an incredibly compelling storyline for each game is truly unbelievable . 
< PROPMALE > IS AWESOME !!!! 
I saw through the words you said , To the secrets you've been keeping , It's written upon your face , All the lies how they cut so deeply , You can't get enough you take , And take and take and never say 
hates hw that takes all night 
The event might be a new show for me if every episode can be as good as the premier episode ! 
is thinking or remaking chill out/cold storage in halo reach .... 
why is it when you think its you it never is 
La nuit du chasseur 
how come the song \respect\ " only sings the spelling of the word twice in the entire song !? " 
Hates citations . 
\don't get excited . she'll say \ " no\ " without a doubt you see\ 
forgot how much he liked code lyoko 
finally found a working code lyoko that was way too difficult 
Nice job southern Lehigh soccer team ! 
Had a great night to end one hell of a weekend , school tomorrow , with a flag football game to end it , going to be exciting 
is clean shaven 
\Don't say a word \ 
Into the first all-nighter of college , 15 hours before next sleep cycle ! 
majority of the project done , instruction < PROPFEMALE > next , then got to wait for stupid angel to finish its backup to do my english homework 
never know who will be on facebook at 5 in the morning or that you would be in a fully engaged conversation , only one mountain dew = 5 hours so far :P 
24 hours down 11 to go , only one soda to keep me awake 
2 1/2 hours till sleep . Coach is awesome for understanding 
sleep ... 
14 hours of sleep didnt plan on that 
realized after he got up early that his first and only class isnt till noon , what does he do now ? 
Amazing how things look when you see the full picture 
\Sometimes I sit at home and \ 
just realized the paper on the topic i was writing was one of the example topics that we shouldnt use and its due tomorrow , fml 
the hectic part of the week is over now time for halo 
is going to stop facebook stalking ........ as long as i can .... 
Life is the hardest game to play 
donated blood , now if i could do it without a school project that would be better . 
had an awesome afternoon ! Why can't everyday be like today ? 
Had a very productive night :D 
My world is spinning , but at least I'm portrayed riding a lion ! 
getting work done 
saw Vinny Mattiola and < PROPMALE > Barilla tonight , was pretty surreal :D 
thought it was 4:25 , there is a lot more time to write these papers :) 
life is made up of little moments , < PROPFEMALE > the ones you have 
Forgot how amazing playing Xbox is :D 
pondering ... 
what makes something nice to look at ? 
schedule for next semester complete ! 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57 witches and wizards died in the attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
survived the < PROPMALE > potter midnight showing 
work was actually very enjoyable , even though hufflepuff and ravenclaw were clashing 
code lyoko 
feels like he always falls short of what he says 
Thanksgiving . 
breaks over , back to work 
feels so incredibly stupid :( 
project done ! down to the wire from here 
needs to stop putting things off till the last minute 
I feel it deep within , it's just beneath the skin\ 
I must confess that I feel like a monster\ 
I've gotta lose control , he something radical\ 
I must confess that I feel like a monster 
sleepy .... 
playing hide and seek with my ipod , im currently losing 
I'm not in this scene , I think I'm falling asleep\ 
But then all that it means is I'll always be dreaming of you 
now i have two Egyptian gods , one more to go 
If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman \ 
If I'm alive and well , will you be there holding my hand\ 
I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might \ 
Kryptonite 
Computer Project you have been bested :D 
one of the most stressful days of my entire life 
Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head . 
Two words for Tron Legacy : SEE IT !!! 
One final left then I have 3 weeks off , why cant it be 6 o'clock yet ... 
semester done , < PROPMALE > out with great friends , sounds like the start of a wonderful break 
so much to do , so little time ... 
thank you Zac Brass for helping me tonight , the night was all down hill from there 
all caught up on The Event 
Bittersweet . 
\It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and I've only wrapped two F***ing present\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
going to work , snow here i come 
there at least 100 crazy people who would go to a movie during a snowstorm 
Blackswan was very interesting 
GREAT < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
What's wrong with being an average person ? 
The wait is over , time to get caught up on < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > is awesome !!!!!!!! 
This night did not turn out well :( 
\I don't want this moment to ever end . \ 
checked out at 12:15 , good closing staff ! 
simply had a bad day 
Mass Effect 2 Time ! 
First day back to school , class doesn't start till 6:30 , this is going to be a weird first day 
due to my current college schedule i will be up to two almost every night , college life ftw 
your welcome 
facebook forcing the new profile on me , fantastic 
today ( now yesterday ) was a very good day 
* a random statement which is philosophical but also has an underlying meaning to a particular person * 
hot chocolate + < PROPMALE > = awesomeness 
less then 10 people on chat and 5 of them are away . time for bed . 
You pass us in the night\ 
A future gazing out\ 
A past to overwrite 
We have to go back ... 
might be getting another snowday :\\ 
very content right now :) 
finished my midterm for econ , now I have to wait for class to start in a half hour :( 
New Deck , New Energy ! 
Its amazing when you look at the past and remember old faces and then question what would have happened if a different decision was made and the life you may be leading , but life is made up of choices , some you make and some that are made for you , just remember each choice we make is precious and irreversible 
think before you speak 
