you know there are days where things seem ok but there seems to be a lot more where there is way too much going on that frusturates me . 

Ill probably regret saying this but things seem to be going decently . 
Going to visit my first 4 year college ... that i'm considering going to , cause ive been with friends at others but this is the first time that ill be going with the intention of possibly attending classes there . To Amherst College 
So i like amherst . like really really like it . i hope that i can go there although the cards aren't stacked in my favor for that one , then again when are they ever ? 
blah , the week is over . that took foreaver . While i was sick at least i didn't have the swine . 
so its been over a week and this cold still won't go away . I dont feel achy and tired like i did , i just keep wakeing up and not being able to breath or talk . Plus when i was drifting off a very anoying and unproductive cough kept me up till 2 . grrrr stupid cold . 
another week .... and all that . darn i really need to try to change my viewpoint on life right now . 
so i visited umass today and im not in love . plus the tour was barely thought out and i didnt really get a good feeling for anything about the college besides the fact that its huge . 
well so much for my meeting at noon . darn bugs going around and infecting peopel . hurray its firday ..... i think ? 
this up coming week looks promising . wow its been a while since I've been able to say that . hurray 
turkey ... mmmm good . 
two weeks . a million things to do . sleep , priceless . 
is walking that fine line between Jesus and insanity . 
At the library with < PROPFEMALE > working on a paper . Guess things could be worse . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everyone . sorry its late . but i dont think that it means any less a day late . 
so aparently i have lost the ability to speek properly . or spell , 
thanks for all the birthday well wishing everyone ... you're great . 
Nudity !... it's like an unsweetened pancake . 
rain .... well its better than snow . 
my foot hurts . stupid nail . but it was fun to kill the rail . so it was worth it in the end . 
now that the production is done and im realizing how much i have to do before the end of the year . hope i can get it all done . 
is grrrrr . 
found a crack in my windshield this morning . hope it doesn't get too much bigger before i can get it fixed . along with my horn . stupid car . 
finals are done now ! hurray ! off to san < PROPFIRST > for a week ! then work and summer classes ! hurray for a small break anyway ! hurray ! 
yay just bought a really great jacket ! hurray life is great 3 hours behind . 
is some pain from many days of walking and the most brutal massage he has ever experienced . 
Thanks Browns for the wonderful time in SF . 
work then school work . and all i want to do is sleep . grrrrr . is it saturday yet . 
yay for friends . 
Hi heat and humidity . Now look we all like you well enough once and a while but i hate to be the one to say this you need to go . Im sorry and i hope this dosent hurt your feelings too much but its time to leave the party and go home . youve done enough . 
lets see what the eye doctors at dartmouth think of my eyes . This should be interesting . 
maybe tonight ill be able to get more that 3 hours of sleep .... 
i just got hired at big y . 
starting the week with a calc test was less than ideal . i feel ok about it though . time will tell . ( fingers crossed for a good/decent grade ) 
stupid programs are supposed to work when you code them right . 
today is stupid . 
today is less stupid . however work to day will probably be exccedingly stupid . as people flood en mass to do last minute shopping for tomorow . stupid people who expect to actually find what they need . so silly 
hey if annyone has snowboard bindings that theyd like to sell that in good to decent shape that are reasonably priced let me know please . 
i love cafe academia because < PROPFEMALE > is the best boss ever :) and she knows im the best employee she has !!! 
i feel like the time i have left till the semester is over is going by faster than i want it to .... 
about to take my last final which starts an hour later than i thought it did . yay for study time . 
hey so you ever have one of those nights where your like ima go to bed . Then you lay there for an hour and nothing . So if anyone wants to talk via txt go for it . Its deffinately welcome . 
so making a pendulum channel on my pandora was a solid life choice . 
another great closing shift at big y ........ 
Ok so after much nail biting a suspense . at the last minuet ..... I'm in java ! wohoo ! 
ok so today was a good day . got much done . got accepted into java . finished applying to umass . and now i find im getting dsl in like a week and a half . wohhh ima happy < PROPFIRST > . 
so i love when a simple 4 hour day at work turns into a crazy 7.5 hour day .... 
so who woke up and could barley talk .... this guy . 
just did my taxes and am now a member of the rape victims of taxachusetts club ...... 
im alive ! and back at school today :) 
dear people who know and want to get a hold of me . i now have dsl at my house as well as a wifi network . yay im a real boy now . 
so i wake up . about an hour ago . an im all happy and warm and coumfy and certain that today is going to be a good day . then i look out the window . all i have to say is , boooo sheit ! 
so aside from all the snow boul sheit that has been going on . this has been a fantastic weekend . :) 
Ok . so I'm with Bry and < PROPFIRST > right now and there's a debate about facial hair going on right now . and i would like to know , do i look better with our without facial hair . please leave answers , i wont be offended , unless you are really mean . XP 
I was greeted by the best thing this morning . My internet was back . Then i realized that having gone almost 21 years without internet at home , i can't go back to the stone age ! 
I have been hacked !!!!!!!! 
So were i to have a car that i cared about more than the Gretch , and if i happened to be in it , whilst someone was doing carts and they happened to very lightly tap the front of my car with a cart . my natural reaction would be to get out and talk to the person that had done the hitting . not do nothing and then go complain to management . F-you lady in the red car who ruined my day . 
stupid anorexic car ... 
so whos got 2 thumbs and a car thats stuck in the driveway ? \ 
this guy !.... fml 
just got back from seeing < PROPFIRST > Fuchs with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and AJ . twas very cool . 
hmm . i have a strange feeling like i should have done something fun tonight ... 
so ive decided that i cant wait for the summer , when hopefully < PROPFEMALE > many things will have been figured out/ fallen into place . however that means figuring things out and patiently waiting for things to fall into place . im a bit conflicted here . go figure ... 
just got 4 newish tires put on my car . after everything gets lined up on Thurs . my car will actually be kind of fun to drive again . now we wait for something bad to happen ... as per the laws of the Gretch .... 
hurrow ! \ 
love < PROPMALE > 
Boogidy boogidy boo . Boogidy boo ! If there was one thing in this world that could make me squeal like a little girl , it's syrup ... All over my body . Mmm , you could even call me butter cheeks . Mr. Butter Cheeks Wright . Ahmnamna . 
oh ill get you back fort that .... promise . 
so a giant tree fell in my driveway this morning ... but it didn't break the power lines just knocked the lines into the road ... so lucky but frustrating . 
so i learned something today . getting electric and phone lines put back up isn't fun or easy because people are asses . 
two words . snow bullshit . 
Hacked son !!!!! silly me was in da bafroom wit my lapitytop on 
worked 8:30 to 1:30 already . back again at 3:45 till 8 . yay saturday ..... 
mango flavored sorbet =<3 
so on top of being stressed about getting everything done for classes . my stupid car decides to at some point in the last 2 days dump out all its oil , which resulted in my having to call out of work . It's settled , this summer that car is going !!! 
hey for anyone who is going to want to get a hold of me in the next few days . my phone is partially broken , with my inbox full and no way to delete it . so if you need to get a hold of me . give me a call and leave a message , thanks . 
to all my friends , i would like to go see xmen in the next week or 2 . if anyone is interested they should let me know . 
has indeed been hacked ...... and likes shiney objects <3 
doctor who and math homework . i can work with this . 
