aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 

Hold up , swolled up , you don't want dem boys to * errrr * and roll up , I know you see those chevy doors fold up , but when dem boys jump out you gonna have to fold down 
YAWN * , feel asleep mad early and now endless energy and im awake ...... and i just got like 500 text messages lol , need to fix my dam phone 
Law Abiding Citizen = amazing ass movie 
watching rest of brothers .... another amazing movie ! gj < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFIRST > and Sheffler being sat , might not play royal .... who the fuck is < PROPMALE > willis ?!?!?!.... thanks Mcdaniels .... GO Gaffney and Stokely and rest of BRONCOS !!!!!!! 
.... showing BAL vs OAK instead of DEN vs KC at 4 pm .... probly going to head to < PROPFIRST > Vs or something like that , anyone wana come hit me up 
Going to BBW to watch game :) PLayoffs here we come , GO BRONCOS !!!!!! 
is getting x-rays on his foot today 
is in Montreal for Vans Warped tour/weekend ..... so far its awwesome ! 
was just at the most amazing concert , ADTR was the best and TDWP were nasty too 
still has the nasty shot 
loves his days off 
wants sleep 
is exhausted 
is 5-0 Broncos with the best D ....? 
this song means so much , but idk why 
what a horrible WS matchup 
I once fixed a door that wasn't even broken yet . 
halloween wake and bake 
spent the entire day sleeping ? 
woke up 30 < PROPFEMALE > ago and cant go back to sleep 
making eggs while listening to basshunter followed by L4D2 or COD4 
now when the sun come up , ill be there to say what up in the mornin 
apparently doesnt need sleep to function 
is awake .... 
close ur eyes just dream 
goin to sleep , dgaf its sat night 
finally got some sleep but awake mad early lol 
why 
apparently sleeping is overrated 
FIDO 
time for the weekend 
going to kaseys to prepare greatest meal in weeks :) 
name of the day ( are u fucking kidding me !?!? ) 
droppin last of the gang off then weekend with big tv 
lets hear it for the broncos , finally turnin things around against the Giants ... suck it 
There are times when it's right and proper to simply bury the dead . This is not one of those times ....., fyi whiny lil kids on xbl can suck it lol 
..................................................................... thats it 
what do we know ? We all try to be somebody , but the world around us makes it so cloudy , when , we are trust , where we're supposed to , but the blood on their hands says we're not close to the answer yet . but maybe if we pulled together , we could change a million live for the better , and maybe , ifwe prayed a little more , we would stop , living in fear from the story , and everyone sings ..... what do we know ? 
i loveeeeeeee the cockkkkk ... & hearts ; :) 
havent had this much on my mind in a while 
the braves signed Wagner ?!?!?, the hell is wrong with em 
droppin the rock down the block 
< PROPFIRST > ur game came in 
so hot i produce my own steam :) 
ill be home for christmas 
most fun night i had in a while , thanks < PROPFEMALE > lova ya 
im still fly , im sky high , and i dare anybody to try and cut my wings 
FUCK THE CHIEFS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPMALE > ALL DAY BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
urvything is better when its free , specially food 
< PROPMALE > in friends 
OMFG so much < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
last night in buffalo for a few weeks , chillin with the gang :) 
driving back in a few minutes , see evrybody back home , be back around noonish :) .... sat night = ya know 
watching Extract cuz i just saw a commercial for it lol 
never slept last night .... bout to take a nap .... dont wake me .... ill kill u 
feels like shit 
new Hercules theme song :) ...... Merry Xmas evryone 
can't wait for everyone to meet the newest addition to the apt , callin him Primetime ( subject to change ) , < PROPFEMALE > Xmas again !!!!!!! 
going to city to eat some bangin italian food ... ive been trained , the scraping in MW2 has already begun .... see me son ! 
chillen , dinner soon then probly enkindle with sunny-D and this mothafucka alex .... MW2 later tonight , bring it if u want some 
i do eat meat but i dont like killen , so dont crash my party while im sitting back chillin , my oh my why oh why are people so violent , i aint tryin to be a lion i extend my alliance , to anyone who like to just kick back and chit chat , maybe have a jam , spit scats and eat biscuits ... before you know its midnight and and youre running through the moonlight 
wtf i didnt know twas sposed to snow today .... warn a brother 
how can the one person who truly loves you make you feel like the worst person in the world .... dont think im going out tonight 
bringin the car in today to get ready for trip back , < PROPFEMALE > D hit me up cuz i dont have ur number saved in the phone lol 
probly going to enkindle with the birthday boy ALL day long lol 
phones dead and wont charge .... idk what to do with myself 
is packing up that suitcase 
is spending his last day in Stamford before headin to < PROPFEMALE > for weekend then back up to the Buff ( cant wait to snowboard :)) 
big east basketball is by far the best to watch 
pearls all day ! 
about to PAD with a game then game 
OH MY GOD OH MY JOY ! PRIMETIME is in the house ! 
primetime , shower , go out , another primetime :) .... sounds like a good night to me 
i got jumped last night , they took my pasta >:( 
almost threw up walkin outside today .... smells like shit 
i hope Rivers chokes 
jaw feels funny , dam u primetime lol 
keep rollin rollin , rollin all day chilling with the guys just to play , cards , throwin down the aces jacks just so i can run it back , im makin this rhymn as my mind is up in the clouds feelin so high like ill never touch the ground , listen here my time is done ive gotten left to hurl so just sit back as i start on my next < PROPFEMALE > 
weiner all day ... <3 
oi 
sleep time 
feeling a lil groggy but the wake and bake kinda helps specially when u got chocolate milk 
if u french fry when u should pizza ur going to have a bad time 
oi why i keep coughing and the dam cough syrup isnt workin >:( 
knighty knight bugs 
dam idk 
\dont devive refuse the bomb !!!!!!!! \"" 
just got My Lil Pwny :) u know that title is staying up for a good while 
just fucking great i missed the the overtime and end of the flyers game 
oookkaaayyy ....... what now captain 
It's not easy making a name for yourself where do u draw the line ? I never thought i'd be in this far , lets have some fun and never change that for anyone , try not to miss me when im gone 
\eric why is there butter in my jello ..... \ " \ " lol i was high \"" 
UGH CANT FIND UCONN GAME on TV or online ...... at least i got 2 colt 45s to ease the stress 
if something is mailed on a saturday when should it get here 
< PROPFIRST > The most amazing person in the entire universe . Everything about hims perfect ! He's charming , handsome , intelligent , strong , romantic , funny .. everything you want in a guy . It's impossible not to fall in love with him ! Once you lay eyes on him , you will know from that very moment that you will never stop loving him . \did you see < PROPFIRST > ... damn that bitch is fine ! \"" 
WHAT A FUCKING BONER KILL ..... ITS NOT HERE AHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
work when i thought i had a day off great .... 
ooooo pepsi throwback .... such a let down , coca cola ftw 
yo wtf how the hell can u score less than 50 points in a big east game , UCONN is pissing me off 
watching Vols vs Wildcats , if ur free and wana chill just come over 
UCONN upset of < PROPFEMALE > seems to sound sweeter as the game keeps gettin closer to the end 
Twenty bucks says you'll remember me , When you see me on your TV screen , It may be the first time , But it won't be the last time . And I'll scream so loud that everyone in this place will hear every word I say ' cause this is my time , this is my time to shine , let nothing stand in our way 
uuuuugghghhhhh , i hate throwing up .... dry heavin 
... been throwing up a little over once an hour since 10 ... awesome 
hitting double digits now , >:( blah ! 
cleaning , listening to music , doing work , actually quite the productive day :) 
sooooooooo happy :D 
But there's still tomorrow Forget the sorrow And I can be on the last train home Watch it pass the day As it fades away No more time to care No more time , today But we sing , If we're going nowhere , Yeah we sing , If it's not enough , And we sing , Sing without a reason To ever fall in love 
WVU vs UCONN 7 pm :) for the NCAA/Big East tourney make/break game .... going to be fun 
home just chillin ... cant wait for the Louisville vs UCONN game tomoro :) , GO HUSKIES ! 
UCONN and USA both lost close ass games .... pretty sucky day in sports 
G'town vs WVU .... should be fun to watch 
SARAHS GREAT 
nap/sp then who knows what , come surprise me :) 
( 8)WVU vs ( 9)Nova 12 , UCONN vs USF 2 , ( 25)Texas vs ( 22)Baylor 4 , ( 13)Tenn vs Miss St 6 , ( 4)Duke vs UNC 9 :) , yay saturdays 
( 8)WVU vs ( 9)Nova 12 , UCONN vs USF 2 , ( 25)Texas vs ( 22)Baylor 4 , ( 13)Tenn vs Miss St 6 , ( 4)Duke vs UNC 9 :) , yay saturdays and IDGAF what anyone else is doing cuz im in my own happy place ..... Dennis u can come over if u want ;) 
ughghghghhhhh horrble w < PROPMALE > k hom wa s so cold , but soutthparkk and my be d make it < PROPMALE > bettaetr 
Big East Tourney starts Tuesday 
.... just waited 5 hours for nothing wtf 
fucking UCONN 
is now stating whenever there is pong and < PROPFEMALE > is not there < PROPFIRST > Donnelly is my official partner idgaf what u say ! 
the christmas woodland critters are def the most evil imaginations ever created ever 
day 1 .... back to the ol ' grind 
can it be nighttime yet ? 
u truly dont know how hurt u get the night b4 until u wake up with a headache and realize ur mom is going to be there in an hour and u wish she wasn't!!!! ughghg 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST > Day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > pincus <3 
my dignity was stripped from me and taken 
awesome waking up next a puppy .... and < PROPFEMALE > 
back home in 203 after a couple days with < PROPFEMALE > lady .... pearlington tonight 
2 pearls at once then bball and grub , i like it , < PROPFIRST > i hope ur not dead 
Im fresh Im fly , Im always high 
HAHAHAHA Braves wrecking the Cubs ass all day 
clash of titans ..... pleasing ..... arnold < PROPMALE > , best mixer ever 
I'm a slamstar who leaves my facebook up in suite 410 
Let's Go FLYERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Playoffs or go home :D 
PPLLLAAYYYOOOOFFFFSSSS ! 
The early bird might get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
The sole purpose of a child's middle name , is so he can tell when he's really in trouble 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive , try missing a couple of payments 
It's not the fall that kills you ; it's the sudden stop at the end 
You do not need a parachute to skydive . You only need a parachute to skydive twice 
4/19 ..... can it 4/20 yet ? call in for work tomoro , hope they dont need me :) 
Happy 4-20 !!!!!! :D 
Noise noise noise . Smokin weed , smokin weed . Doin ' coke , drinkin beers . Drinkin beers , beers beers . Rollin ' fatties , smokin blunts . Who smokes the blunts ? We smoke the blunts . Rollin ' blunts and smokin um ' 
dam the rest of the NHL for having such sucky teams .... flyers won in 5 why cant the rest of em be done so the Capitols can lose next 
work 7-11 or later ... at least i have something to look forward to afterwards :) 
Game 1 12:30 Sat , Flyers vs Bruins .... payback is a bitch 
exhausted in every which way shape and form , someone shoot me or put me into a coma for a few days 
Happy Cinco de Mayo urvryone !!! 
come on Flyers stay away from the 3-0 hole 
chillin by myself for the night i guess 
just had you for the past 5 hours , still want more 
last night ... game 7 tomoro !!!! 
i would go gay for < PROPMALE > gagne 
work 4-9 then who knows 
game 1 Habs at Flyers , can't wait for a < PROPMALE > at the < PROPMALE > cup 
day 2 of no work .... so bored 
ughghghhghg restlesss 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > what am i'm going to do with u lol 
Habs can't do anything in Philly :p 
Dude where the fuck is my car 
body so sore i feel like ive been beaten for hours 
work 5-10 then chillin on Amherst most likely 
R.I.P. Hercules :*( .... ill always remember the good times 
5 AM still awake , S.R.P 4 < PROPFEMALE > ;) <3 
FLYERS ARE GOING TO THE CUP fuck the Rangers , Devils , Bruins and Habs u all suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (especially the bruins hahahahahahahaha ) 
counting down the days , can't wait to see her face again 
Game 1 Go Flyers !!!!! Bring it back for the BSBs !!!!!!!! 
last day in Buffalo .... in 24 hours i should be just about back home or hopefully within an hour if theres no traffic , eat smoke eat ball eat smoke ( talking to < PROPFEMALE > most of the time ) eat sleep 
And the journey begins .... should be home around 3-4 without traffic 
Gas : $60 , Tolls : $14.85 , Cigs : $7 .... being home with ur family that loves u + good food , friends , closes to the girl and having ur lil sister help u wash ur car on Memorial Day : priceless 
how could i be so fucking stupid ... 
going back to sleep ... frisbee at 6 , tryin to get through this day as quickly as possible 
at < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend 
no work til saturday ..... 
good job flyers cant ask for any more than they did ( fuck the haters cuz they would have lost in less than 6 games and series would be less interesting ) .... Niemi was amazing and respect to the Hawks , lol @ the < PROPFEMALE > leafs 
made a bad decision hopefully can sleep eventually 
how the hell u lose to serbia 1-0 ..... how the hell do u miss a pk Podolski ..... blah ! 
thanks refs for taking away a win yet again from another team who was supposed to win , i vote coaches challenges in all sports 
great weekend :) 
USA vs Algeria , than Germany vs Ghana .... both the teams i want to win better or ill be in a frenzy 
GERMANY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
back to the old grind 
ughghgh so tired wish i didnt have work , hoping Germany can do work 
DEAR YANKEES , You fucking suck . you have no morals , are a bunch of panzies and have zero respect for the game of baseball anymore . Steroids arent the main problem anymore , its the fake ass new york yankees . when was the last time you did something without throwing 100 million down the shitter , oh right u won mad championships in the late 90s and before that . 
since then u have signed Giambi , sheffield , Pavano , A-rod , AJ burnett ( trash ) , CC , < PROPFIRST > T , granderson , vazquez twice ? and what have u done .... come up short numerous times , won 1 championship and raised ticket prices for ur fans .... oh wait i forgot they got raised again cuz u felt u needed to build a new stadium 2 feet away , 
You are now going for < PROPMALE > lee .... youve won 46 games with ur starters already u dont need him u ignorant bitches ....!!!!!!!! Im officially blaming Lebron < PROPFIRST > going to the heat on u ( yes ur ruining other sports cuz of ur trend ) . 
Every year u do this and its getting old and its somehow never enough . We have caps in almost every other sport and are adding goal line tech to soccer soon , wheres the cap in baseball or at least make it for the yankees only . I hope the Devil Rays get < PROPFIRST > and eliminate u from the playoffs with their home grown players who make a reasonable salary . 
Next time ppl question why were in a economic recession ..... think of the Yankees cuz thats at least where all the money in NY is going . Congratufuckinglations , Yankees , you're by the the scummiest team in the history of sports and all ( if i even had any to begin with ) of my respect i had for u is gone 4 ever . GG no re ,, l ,, >_< ,, l ,, FUCK U 
work today , tomoro , day after , dat after , another day ... off 
wouldnt u rather have ur kid be a drug dealer , not a drug addict 
Braves coming outta the break with 3rd best record in MLB ... i like it .... going to < PROPFEMALE > in the morning to see her <3 
back from jersey 
putting 12-1 record on the line tonight 
ughhg the closer to 21 u get the longer it takes and the more u realize it ... 
unhappy 
words cant describe how i feel 
been a while since ive been up so late just because 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
hopefully gets cast taken off sept 2 
ughghg south park ftw 
Iiiiiiiii'm sailiiinnnnggg awaaaaaaayyyy 
doctors apt . at 1:30 .... hopefully today is the day and i can start working next week 
3 weeks down 2 more to go , someone shoot me 
sc ftw followed later by cod6 ftw 
ughghg beer and 2 am big bowl of jello dont make the stomach happy in the morning .... its ok though only 2 more days with the cast :D 
going back home tomoro , have to start working back my ankle strength 
work urvryday .... christmas floorset ftw 
going to UMASS for halloween night , cya in a bit cuzin xD 
going out to < PROPMALE > ;) 
life : sleep , work , chill * in that order everyday ... * = ya know what i do lol 
work 8-5 tomoro after drinking back to back nights .... fun fun 
going to see UCONN mens and Kemba < PROPMALE > do work against Fairleight tonight !!!!!!! 
bah , my car stays finding ways to make my life more interesting 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Y'all 
going to Boston for New Years < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
