is fed up with Borders . I have yet to buy anything from your little cafe . I've never even been near it . I buy books . Why do you insist on spitting out coupons for coffee ? I frickin ' hate coffee ! And if I ever did want to partake of a mango smoothie , it would be from a place that spits out logical coupons . Pay attention to what I buy , damnit ! Stupid hippies and their stinky coffee ..... 

Just my luck . Out of 22 possible side effects , the only one I get is ' bad taste . ' Joy . 
Another fun filled afternoon at the hospital with Mom . At least she's out of ICU now . 
Really really hoping for a snow day . But then , they don't care about our safety enough to close that place . Stupid work . Why can't people have patrons anymore like back in the day ? 
Sent another of my babies off . Feel slightly better about this one than I have the others , but I'm sure I'll get another rejection anyway . * sigh * 
Who said I sing < PROPFEMALE > Spears aloud when no one's watching ??? Stop looking in my windows , damnit ! 
Hooray for new glasses ! I can see again ! 
I can call myself a real writer now !!!!!!! * Insert insanely giddy happy dance here * 
Nine months til I see my name in print . I wonder if this is how all those pregnant ladies at work feel . 
My horoscope recently listed ' hermit ' as an ideal job for me . I wonder what kind of benefits and paid vacation time come with that position . 
Am no longer being haunted and mocked by a song I couldn't place , thanks to the search-master I married . Maybe I'll actually cook some this weekend to reward him :D 
Really doesn't like this work , off , work , off , work , off . I miss my two days in a row :( 
Blah . Make of it what you will . 
You know how when you hold in a fart long enough , the urge eventually goes away ? What happens to the fart at that point ? Do we all have countless unborn farts wandering around our bodies right now searching for the path back to our asses ? And will we explode if they join together and there's suddenly a mass exodus ? 
I freaking hate hot weather . I'm going to become a penguin and move to Antartica . Who's coming with me ? 
Yahoo is now my enemy . It's suddenly decided that I should be sending emails as ' < PROPFEMALE >.' I hope you drown in hippo urine , Yahoo . 
Will someone please remind me why I was so excited when I got this job ? If I had known I was going to wind up stuck in that loathsome , soul-sucking pit for-freaking-ever , I'd have stayed at TJMaxx . 
Found Invader Zim , Aah ! Real Monsters , and Rocko's Mondern Life . I love you , Netflix . 
Listened to my horoscope and friends . We'll see how this pans out . 
Productive day at work . Edited , wrote , edited some more . Worked on some cross stitch . I think I'd still like my job if people didn't feel the need to question their insurance so freaking much . 
Just found out a lady died in my apartment ... 50% < PROPMALE > it was in the room I sleep in every night . A dead lady house and a dead lady car . Not many things could make me happier right now . * Squeeeeeeeeeee * 
Just found out the craft stores have the Halloween stuff out . Squee !!!! Going to attack them Friday with a my favorite bad influence . 
Spent two days playing seamstress and didn't break a single needle . Also , only had to threaten my machine once . I think it's finally realized that I very well may throw it in the river if it continues to piss me off . 
So I just realized what a loser I am . I spent forty minutes talking to CleverBot because I had no one else to talk to . I'm pretty sure it was one of the most stimulating coversations I've had on this computer in a while . But at least my farts don't smell bad enough to scare the shit out of the cat ... I do have that going for me . 
Bitch is gone for two days . Who wants to come help me fill her refrigerator and food containers with farts ? 
Doing the Happy New-Job-Dance 
Cupcakes to celebrate my freedom from pissy old < PROPFEMALE > people . In other news , I may fart on the silverware , but my hubby is so awesome he poops in the kitchen sink . 
Tried being normal today . Felt naked and even more awkward than normal . Tomorrow they meet the coffin . 
Holy shit ... it's the middle of the week and I was home in time to cook dinner . That hasn't happened since ... about a year and a half a go . Horray for new jobs with normal hours ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s had Halloween . A.C. Moore had Halloween . Hobby Lobby had Halloween . Now < PROPFEMALE > has Halloween . Weeeee !!!!!!!!!!! 
Accepted into another anthology . Squee !!! 
I did this make-your-own < PROPFEMALE > thing . At the end , you make a < PROPFEMALE > -sized T with a custom message . It told me bad words weren't accepted because < PROPFEMALE > doesn't talk like that . Um ... my < PROPFEMALE > s always used bad words . They also killed each other , sometimes running each other over with the < PROPFEMALE > Corvette , buried the evidence beneath the pool and then killed anyone who got too nosey . I guess I played < PROPFEMALE > s wrong :( 
Sometimes when I see extended families together and happy , I get sad and wonder why my family can't be like that . Then I remember who I'm related to and I'm fine with the distance between us all . 
My laptop just peed on me . Not too sure how I feel about that . I'm not sure I was ready to take our relationship to that level yet . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can kill you quickly , but < PROPMALE > Campbell can talk you into doing it yourself . 
Curse you , eBay ! How am I supposed to make money making purses if you keep letting people steal the cute , cheap fabric out from under me ?? 
Finally got to watch Supernatural without having to wait and downloaded it a day later . Jobs with free cable kick ass . 
I think I'm officially hooked on Sister Wives . I just picked it over SpongeBob . 
is red and hates the freaking sun . 
Ready to punch today inthe fucking face . Grrr 
I hate having to choose Addams Family Values or < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . Decisions , decisions . 
Okay , seriously . Pumpkin-pie-cheesecake ... Moonpie .... Screw the people who are trying to save the world . The team making the new flavors for Krogers ' icecream deserves the Nobel Prize ! 
< PROPMALE > Horror on Guitar Hero cause my hubby is awesome enough to indulge my obsessions ... even the ones that annoy the piss right out of him :D 
Got to see my name in non-newsprint for the first time this afternoon when my books came . I squeed so hard I peed a little :D 
The child in me wants to put up a Christmas tree right now . The adult in me wants to knock that child out , wrap it in plasstic bags and shove it in one of those rubbermaid tubs to shut it up . I don't care if all the stores are playing Christmas music . It's too damn early ! 
Okay , Christmas , I'm ready for you now . Got my tree staple-gunned to the wall and a skull all glittered up for a topper . Bring it on , holiday . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , for Christmas this year I'd like to be approved for a home < PROPFEMALE > . Give me this and I'll let you off the hook for not bringing me that Magic Nursery doll I wanted sooo much when I was in second grade . 
I told the turkey I wanted to watch it dance on its deathbed of stuffing . It threw the carving knife at me . It missed and I tore its legs off . I won , but I'm pretty sure I hear it plotting its revenge in the fridge . 
My sewing machine just let me sew through two pieces of foam . Didn't think it would make it . I take back the last time I called it a piece of shit and threatened to throw it in the river . Just the last time though . It hasn't earned any further forgiveness yet . 
The world tastes so much better through a Silly Straw 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , guys . Ya'll make me feel all special :D 
Spent most of the day looking at houses . Was almost a total bust , but I found a She-Ra poster in a closet and then < PROPFIRST > found one of Jem and the realty-lady was cool enough to look the other way while we peeled them off the walls . Hooray for people hanging stuff up in the 80s and forgetting about it !!!! 
Dear Mr. Pibb : Please stop calling yourself a ' spicy < PROPFEMALE>' beverage . You are neither spicy or < PROPFEMALE > . I am sure there are countless < PROPFEMALE > -loving Mexicans who are quite disappointed that you aren't the perfect accompaniment to their hotter-than-hell meals . 
So , I just found out that < PROPFEMALE > has a Facebook . I don't know which is worse ... that she has one or that The Twilight Saga is among her favorite pages . I always thought < PROPFEMALE > was better than that . 
Worried you don’t get enough calcium ? Kill people and eat their bones ! 
Ever notice how , in the commercials , it's always the woman eating the phallic-shaped wrap sandwich as the guy dribbles some condiment on his pants ? Why do people insist on trying to make food sexy ? I'm sure there are people out there who want to fuck your angus burger , but please stop making them think it might be acceptable for them to do it in the restaurant . 
Found my house ... Justin hates it :( I wonder how mad he'd be if I left him here ... 
