Day 12 Still holding strong . Its 105 degress here . Gotta live right cause if Hell is hotter than GA I cannot go . 

Day 13 About to change my relationship status back to single . Missing my drama free life . Hell I just miss being free . LOL !!! 
Single Again !!! 
Feeling hoodwinked , bamboozled , run amock among other things . Still strong !!! 
Been listening to MJ all night and morning . Our people pay such lovely tribute . But other people are busy < PROPFIRST > bashing , calling him names . He was never convicted and now his has to take it all up with GOD . Who are we to judge . Rest in Peace Michae 
Day 21 Still in Love . 95 . Matt 22:37 : Jesus replied : ” ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind . ’ 
Need a day off , about 13 hours of sleep and a good meal . Working to hard again . Old habits are hard to break . 
Working on my Independence today . Can't sleep , gotta make it work . Happy Day to all . 
Another day , another half a dollar . 
Is finally getting off from work . Tired as a dog but feeling good in spite of it all . 
Knows that God answer prayers , but I gotta start being more specific in what I pray for . Lesson learned . 
Don't listen to what people say they don't know about me and you . Put it out your mins what your going through they don't know about this here .... Love me some JonB . 
Knocked them down in sales last month . Made the bonus . House note paid . YEEEEAAAA !!! 
I am not the same person I was 5 yrs ago , and have lost friends because of this . I am closer to being the person I was 20 yrs ago , before life clouded my outlook . As a result I have made new friends and reconnected with some very old ones . I am slowly b 
Looking on the bright side . 
Same ol s@@@ different day . 
Hungover and remembering the reason I stopped drinking . UuuuuHHHHHHHHH !!! 
If I had your telephone number please call me ( 706 ) 464-5844 . My cell took a toilet dive . 
Why oh why am I still at work ?????????????? 
Its Sunday . I'm off . So why am I at work ??????????? 
Monday morning again !!! 
Back at work . Its a money making day today . Gotta get it done . 
Monday morning madness . 
My crops are dying in farmville . Office blocked the app . WHY WHY WHY !!!!! 
Always late but worth the wait . I hope !! LOL 
Party crashers at the first Obama state dinner . Is it me or is security a little lax on the new Prez ?? 
Had a horrible day yesterday . Very first anxiety attack , woke up to an overwhelming feeling of failure . Wow the load was heavy . But I gave it all to God , put my glasses on cause the sun is shining to brightly in my life to dwell on have not's and could've beens . Today's a new day , and I have the ability to change everthing in my life that makes me unhappy or dissatified . Yeah Me . Life IS Good , & God is Great !!! 
You don't realize how good you feel on a normal everyday basis until you feel bad . So glad to be well . i feel great . Loving life and as always living for the Lord . Doing big things in 2010 . 
Been on facebook since it started , remember the days when there were only a few people here . Had about 5 friends . Then I discovered a few people from high school here . We got together , put the word out and now I have over 600 friends most of whom I went to Hanau High with . The internet is awesome . God is Good . So glad we've found each other again . Great way to reconnect and I hope to see you all in Tampa . 
Wanna quit , need to quit , dying to quit and can't . But can't keep doing this , long hours(12 a day 6-7days a week ) , low , low pay(not even minimum wage ) and I sell cars . WTF !!!!! In the right business at the right time , working for the wrong people . If business is good , why am I broke . Praying , praying , praying , change has gotta come from somewhere NOW . Sorry FB had to vent . MAD , MAD , MAD 
Today was a great day ! 
Busy buys day . I quit , came back , and now I'm selling cars like mad . Wow , still looking for something better . Gotta have time for more than just work . Nothings gonna change here , I'll be pissed again next month about my pay . Set myself a deadline , I'm outta here no later than March1 . Anyone looking for a great , awesome , vehicle sales consultant ??? 
WHY ?????????????????????? 
Lost 20 lbs , 130 to go . Yeah me . 
In App rehab please don't send gifts , or invites . I can't take it anymore gotta quit !! 
\Defeat is not the worst of failures . Not to have tried is the true failure . \ " < PROPFIRST > E . Woodberry " 
\We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean . But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop . \ " Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . \ " < PROPMALE > Fierstein " 
\Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself . \ " Liberace " 
\Move out of your comfort zone . You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
\Expect to have hope rekindled . Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways . The dry seasons in life do not last . The spring rains will come again . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Ban Breathnach " 
\Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome . \ " < PROPMALE > T . Washington " 
Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes . I love you guys ! 
Its my birthday and I am tired as hell need to go home and go to BED . Am I getting old ??? Hell naw just working to hard . 
\I am not as good as I ought to be . I am not as good as I want to be . I am not as good as I'm going to be . But I am thankful that I am better than I used to be . \ " John Wooden " 
Hate it when people live up to my expectations of them and my expectations of them were low as hell . I will expect greatness from now on and either you bring it or get left behind , 
So angry with Farmville.com harvested my crops and planted new ones only to return later and the crops I harvested earlier are now withered and dead WTF !!! 
\Faith makes all things possible . Love makes them easy . \ " Author Unknown " 
Why are the < PROPMALE > , Erykah Badu VIP concert tickets $799.00 . Why am I trying to buy them ? Somebody stop me this is a house note for one night no touching . wonder if I get to take < PROPMALE > home with me , just for a little while . We'll see . 
\You must learn from the mistakes of others . You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself . \ " Sam Levenson " 
\Opportunity is something more people would recognize if it didn't come disguised as hard work . \ " Author Unknown " 
Be who you say you are , and say what you feel . Because those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter ! 
Be who you say you are and say what you feel , because those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter . above all others be True to YOU ! 
I think Love this man . I know I love this man . Had to put it out there , so tired of holding it in . 
\It's not where you're from ; it's where you're going . It's not what you drive ; it's what drives you . It's not what's on you ; it's what's in you . It's not what you think ; it's what you know . \ " Author Unknown " 
My car was smashed this morning on the way to work . Completely totalled , guess its time to upgrade . Gonna miss my Malibu :( 
\Don't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . \ " Mark Twain " 
\God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers . \ " - Jewish proverb " 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
\Risk more than others think is safe . Care more than others think is wise . Dream more than others think is practical . Expect more than others think is possible . \ " Cadet Maxim " 
I like it on the dresser . 
I quit smoking on Sunday 5/16/2010 . i need ya'll to pray for me . 
Having a bad day , really could use a smoke . Gonna make it through day 4 without one , but these people better watch out I'm in a biting mood . UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
My cable is off . It was on when I moved in figured it came with the house , find out tonight everyone in a three block radius was getting free cable . Cable company put a stop to that . Wow guess I gotta call in the morning an place an order . Cable co . has a monopoly only one company in the city so they charge whatever . Thats another < PROPMALE > , but must have TV especially with four kids 
\Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise . View life as a continuous learning experience . \ " Denis Waitley " 
what's the deal with Tuscan Wedding on Farmville , I'vce collected a bunch of items but still have no favor ???????? 
\Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open . \ " Rose Wilder < PROPFIRST > " 
\Focusing on what we already have and are grateful for right now is one of the most powerful things we can do to alter our life in a positive way . \ " Mike Robbins " 
Why would anyone in there right mind in this day and age as an adult post pics on FB of yourself doing illegal drugs ? How smart is that ?? 
Help e out Farmville fam . I am NOT an idiot . I have 19 olives , 22 goat milk , 28 truffles , and 2 eggs in my Tuscan wedding tent yet no favor . Why ??? 
Shout out to the Cricket store on Macon Rd , thanks for getting the broadband back up n running . 
Maybe I'm over reacting but if one more Mofo calls me sweeitie I'm gonna f'ing snap . I am 37 years grown with kids ad grandkids I am not your sweetie . 
He who aims at excellence will be above mediocrity ; he who aims at mediocrity will be far short of it . \ Old Burmese Proverb " 
A new friend asked me to describe my perfect mate . After little thought i gave a brief physical description of what I would like , but i neglected to list all of the things that would make a non perfect person my ideal mate . So many things that have been on my mind hours after the conversation . So FB fam lets see how forthright we are : Describe your perfect mate . 
Sad 
Got the Blue's and can't seem to shake it off as usual . Still sad . 
Special Needs Children don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want -- to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ...... this is in honor of ALL the ...... kids who need a little extra help and understanding :) Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Na 
Beer , BBQ , Fireworks , Family , Fun , Fireworks & Freedom ! I love this country !! Happy Independence Day !!! 
Please pray for my brother < PROPFIRST > he and five friends were in a severe car accident and all in the ER trauma unit right now . needs ur prays fam more then ever . have no word on their condition . 
< PROPFIRST > iis headed to ICU his pelvis is broken , he has some head injury we are waiting on the CAT scan results to see how severe . All of his friends are heading home with minor scraps and bruises . GOD is good . thank you all for your prayers 
< PROPFIRST > iis headed to ICU his pelvis is broken , he has some head injury we are waiting on the CAT scan results to see how severe . All of his friends are heading home with minor scraps and bruises . GOD is good . 
< PROPFIRST > is doing well heading to a room today . He is awake , alert , and in good spirits still in some pain . His tailbone is broken and his pelvis was crushed . GOD is awesome as bad as the accident was all of the kids are alive n well . 
< PROPFIRST > is leaving the hospital today , praise Jesus . He is headed home for 8 wks in bed . It was either home or the nursing home , Mom wasn't having that . Pray for my Momma please don't know how she is gonna keep a 21 yr old in bed for 8 wks . 
\The fruits of life fall into the hands of those who climb the tree and pick them . \ " Earl Tupper " 
I might not be the most beautiful or sexiest , nor do i have the best body . I might not be your first choice , but i am a Great choice . I don't pretend to be someone else , because I am too good at being Me . I might not be proud of some of the things I have done , but I am wel pleased with who I am today . Take me as I am or ... watch me as I go !! Copy and Paste if you love being YOU ... 
Today my middle child turns 17 hooray . One more year and your outta here . Happy Birthday Trenay ! 
\Inspire yourself and others will be inspired . Motivate yourself and others will be motivated . Develop yourself and others will start to develop themselves . Be an example first and then the world changes around you . \"" 
Do you know the relationship between your two eyes ? They blink together , they move together , they cry together , they see things together and they sleep together BUT THEY NEVER SEE EACH OTHER ... that's what friendship is . Your aspiration is your motivation , your motivation is your belief , your belief is your peace , your peace is your target , your target is heaven , life is like hell without FRIENDS . 
Life is journey not a destination , there are no mistakes , just chances we've taken . lay down your regrets cause all we have is NOW . Wake up in the morning and get out of bed making a mental list in my head of all of the things that I am grateful for . Early in the morning , start of new day , new hopes , new dreams and new ways . Open up my eyes and , open up my mind and I wonder how life will surprise me today . 
I'd rather live my life believing there is a GOD die and find out there isn't; then to live my life believing there is no GOD , die and find out there IS ! FAITH !!! 
I need a vacation , desperately ! 
Last day of vacation hangin out in the park with the kids . Well rested and ready to get back on the grind . 
Feeling Liberated . Quit my job today ! 
Was enjoying a nice quiet evening at Mom's . Weather's changing summer is over . Then my two teenage delinquents decide they wanna fight each other ( fist fight ) over an Ipod charger . Wtf 
Favor . what a blessing . 
What the hell is a kept man , and why would I want one . I know times have changed . Maybe I'm too old fashioned but if yo ass is able and their are no little kids at home and I'm workin you need to be workin too . I ain't no < PROPMALE > b*$ @h even if I was it ain't going down . Get a job dude . I'm lookin for a man to spoil me not another mouth to feed , be for real . LMAO 
My baby boy made honor roll . Five A's and a B . Way to go Jaiden ! 
Black took the little ones trick or treating . When they got back she said we went ghetto trick or treating , there no costumes , no decorations , just people hollering HEY we got < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Thought I was gonna die laughing . 
Its Official I am retiring from Farmville , no longer have the time to plow , plant , harvest , or gift . Goodbye my Farmville family , gonna miss you ! Boo Hooo 
Please Pray for me , the devils trying to stop me & he using the ones closest to my heart . I need help , although I've gotten stronger than Ive ever been I'm not equipped to fight this battle alone . 
My first born is 22 yrs old today . Happy Birthday Shany Boo !! 
Feeling a little lonely . Sometimes being single really SUCKS !!!!! 
I can only be me . Take it or leave it ! 
My grandbaby < PROPFEMALE > admitted to the hospital with pneumonia this morning . 
< PROPFEMALE > is leaving the hospital today . His fever has dropped and his lungs are clearing up . Thank you FBF for your prayers you all have been such a blessing . 
My Mother & Father wore combat boots . HAPPY VETERAN'S DAY ! Proud to be a US Army brat . 
Tired 
Today is the only day we have . Make the most of it !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! 
I wasn't dreaming of a white Christmas , but who cares . It snowing in the dirty South ( < PROPMALE > , GA ) tonight . 
Jumping on the bandwagon . Do any of us really know everbody on our friends list ? Here is a task for you . I want all of my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me , and your first impressions ; good or bad . Am I the person you thought I was ? After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:12 -13 \ 
12 No one has ever seen God ; if we love one another , God abides in us and his love is perfected in us . \ 
13 By this we know that we abide in him and he in us , because he has given us of his Spirit . #Bible http://j.mp/dWgIFN 
Why is it hot enough to turn on the air conditioner ? 78 in mid Feb , WTF ! 
Peace of mind .... Priceless . 
Strawberry 
Another day means another < PROPMALE > to get it right . Hurray for today ! 
3 days to go ! 
2 more days . 
