can't wait to go to gatlinburg this weekend with my besties !!! :) 

Never forget you < PROPFIRST > ! We love you and miss you 
BACK AT IWU !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is so much better than me . 
oh wonderful classes 
one more day of classes !! 
God's love is so extravagent ! 
I LOVE FALL !!!!!!! :D :D 
IS OFFICIALLY AN AUNTY !!!! AHH !!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! :D 
Live fully in the present , depending fully on God in each moment . 
going to watch my roomie tonight at FNL .. so excited ! :) 
i'm covinced that naps are a little piece of heaven on earth ! 
can't wait to go to the haunted house on thursday !!! YAYYYYYY !! :D < PROPFEMALE > EXCITED ! 
DEAR FACEBOOK : I AM ADMITTING TO THE WORLD THAT I TAKE NUMEROUS , UNNECESSARY NAPS . THESE NAPS ARE USUALLY FOR NO REASON . 
thinks its hilarious when < PROPFIRST > gets mad when i take naps because she doesn't have time . so therefore she tries to tell me i'm not aloud .. hahaha Not so much ! 
going to bestie's lovely abode for the weekend ! :) 
had a blast this weekend . ready for this week to be over already . 
:D 
So do not fear , for I am with you ; do not be dismayed , for I am your God . I will strengthen you and help you ; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand . ~ Isaiah 41:10 
cant wait for the weekend ! :) 
E2W girls dont forget our party tonight !!!! :D 
Be strong and courageous . Do not be afraid or terrified because of them , for the LORD your God goes with you ; he will never leave you or forsake you . \ ~ Deutoronomy 31:6 " 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! :) 
one more final and a presentation .. and IM FREE !!! 
I AM FREEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHH !!!!!!!! FOR AN ENTIRE MONTH !!!!!! 
back to school today .. can't wait til everybody gets back ! 
God keep your hands on those in Haiti 
< PROPFIRST > made me do this ... shame lol 
He is jealous for me , love's like a hurricane i am tree , bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy . And all of a sudden I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by < PROPFEMALE > , and I realize just how beautiful you are and how great your affections are for me . O how he loves us . 
she decked herself with rings and jewelry , and went after her lovers , but me she forgot , \ declares the LORD . Therefore I am now going to allure her ; I will lead her into the desert and speak tenderly to her . ~ Hosea 2:13 -14 " 
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart . ~ Psalm 37:4 
HOME FOR A WEEK !!!! YAYY !!!!! :D 
BEAUTIFUL DAY !!!!! :D 
God woke you up this morning to effect someone's life .. who did he wake you up for ? 
How many of you really know all of the people on you friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be , Are we really friends ? 
What a beautiful day to drive home to ! :D Can't wait to see everybody ! 
yeah right ! 
yayyy I hunt squirrels ! it's the funnest thing I've ever done !! 
likes to lick bugs and then drink their guts in a milkshake ! 
had a wonderful day of playing outside with my friendsies :) 
thinks that E.J. Wood is the dumbest crumb I know ! and I'm so glad that I'm triplets with my pretty roommates , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Quirk and < PROPFEMALE > Badaszewski ! Sumber is cumbing soon everyone ... can't wait to chew lots of juicy fruit gumb ! <3 wow , my day is just going swimmingly , it couldn't be better ! 
LAST DAY OF CLASSES !!!!!! one more then wonderful weekend :] 
is considering getting a tattoo of a Gilled Snail on my lower back ... I don't have a sketch ready yet , but check out the picture on my wall to get a general idea of what they look like .... let me know what you think 
has to learn to stop leaving myself logged in . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for the wonderful status update .. everyone I am not getting a tatoo of snail . 
Two days left ! Bitter sweet .. dont wanna leave my friendsies but < PROPFEMALE > ready to be done with classes ! 
DONE WITH FINALSSS !!!!!!!!!! AHHH :D 
back to iwu for may term ugh 
Gatlinburg + family + jeeps = Perfection :) 
Perfect weekend with the family ! got to see a bear and three babies about 10 feet away ! it was amazing ! 
Doorless jeep ride :D 
2 weeks til white water rafting ! Can't wait !! 
One week from today and we'll be in Tenn ! :D 
few more days to go ! So ready to be back ! 
hates night class ughhh ! 3 hours of economics is not good for me in one sitting ! 
Oh midterms will you ever end !!!?? 
Had a wonderful weekend with friends ... and no homework ! :) 
The < PROPFEMALE > and stars declare who you are , I'm so unworthy , but still you love me ! 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood :) 
comedy club with the girls tonight :) 
The greatest acts of thanksgiving to God are acts of surrender . 
has the body of a goddess ! Bow-chica-ow-owwwwww ! 
wish I was playing in the snow instead of sitting in the library :( 
final portfolio you're killing me ! 
done til finals baby ! :D 
Thank you everyone for all the sweet birthday wishes ! :) love you all ! 
back at iwu wayyy too early ... not a big fan of an empty house :( 
I'm so unworthy but still you love me ! Forever my heart will sing of how great you are 
