wow , its funny how we all change so much and yet remain the same ... 

Stuck between a rock and hard place .... 
why do things that you want more than anything to work just fall apart ? 
is very lost and sad and heart broken ... why do the ones we love leave us ? 
heartbroken n confused ... how can u ever ease the pain of ur own stupid mistakes 
my heart hurts < PROPFEMALE > much ... y cant i fix things 
doesn't understand y people including myself can't see what is right before getting hurt .. i dont want < PROPFEMALE > to get hurt by the devil ... 
if you love something set it free and if she loves you back she'll come home 
missing so many things .. memories are always there in my mind .. they are driving me kinda mad 
being impaled was not on the top of my to do list !!! I highly suggest no one EVER does it ! 
the days pass like years ... my mind can only ever think about the same thing and the what ifs n the regret ... i need her ... 
heaven bend to take my hand theres no where left to turn . lost to those i thought were friends to everyone i know oh they turn their heads embarassed , pretend that they dont see .. but its one missed step one slip before you konw it and there doesnt seem a way to be redeemed .. 
~ Breathe ~ And I can't ask for things to be still again No I can't ask if I could walk through the world in your eyes Longing for home again But home , is a feeling I buried in you I'm alright , I'm alright It only hurts when I breathe I'm alright , I'm alright It only hurts when I breathe ~ melissa etheridge ~ 
When I think of how you know me No doubts no thinking twice When your smile can be so soothing A familiar paradise When there's no one else that make me whole I am never wanting more I get this feeling I know I've loved you before 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter Without you God knows what I'd do , yeah All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin ' with you I'm thinkin ' ' bout all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through , yeah Know there's no life after you 
Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white winters and melt into springs These are a few of my favorite things ~ yay < PROPFEMALE > andrews ! ~ 
You and me We're the kind of people other people would like to be Wand'ring free We present the kind of picture people are glad to see And we don't care that tomorrow comes with no guarantee We've each other for common party And come what may , you and me We'll stay together year after year Won't we , my dear That's why we're you and me We'll always be you and me We'll always be you and me ... Victor < PROPFEMALE > ... 
y cant you just forgive me ? i dont want to relive all the mistakes ive made along the way .. staind .. 
The soul needs love and beauty for a soulmate . When the soul wants .... the soul waits .. Bono .. 
take off my sheil take off my sword i wont need it any more . show me a sky give me my wings frozen n broken but free .. tell them im alright im comin home tell them im alright i am alone tell them its over im coming home .. m . e ... 
n how can i stand here with you n not be moved by you 
No one knows what it's like To be the bad man To be the sad man Behind blue eyes 
i find it kinda funny , i find it kind of sad , that the dreams in which im dying are the best ive ever had . i find it hard to tell you , i find it hard to take that when people run in circles its a very , very mad world , mad world 
come what may .. i will love you till my dying day 
So many fears were swimming around and around in my mind Who would have dreamed the secrets we would find I've found a world Where love and dreams and darkness all collide Maybe this time We can leave our broken world behind We'll be together again All just a dream in the end We'll be together again 
I touch the fire And it freezes me I look into it and it's black Why can't I feel ? My skin should crack and peel I want the fire back ! So I will walk through the fire ' Cause where else can I turn ? I will walk through the fire And let it burn . So one by one they turn from me I guess my friends can't face the coldBut why I froze Not one among them knows And never can be told 
cuz its always raining in my head .. forget all the things i should have said ... 
i cut all my hair off again ! new style tho ... itll take some gettin used to 
i forgot how much i like having short hair .. damn its curlyness tho ! good thing straightening it dsnt take long lol .. ill try n get some pics 
AHHH !! has anyone ever made a cake that looks like an elk skull ? it is not easy .. let me tell you ! its a good thing i love my brother ... 
The winter heres cold n bitter its chilld us to the bone we havnt seen the sun for weeks to long too far from home I feel just like Im sinkin n I claw for solid ground Im pulld down by the undertow I nvr thought I could feel so low o darkness I feel like lettin go If all of the strength n all of the courage come n lift me from this place I know I could love u much better than this full of grace full of grace my love 
this used to be a fun house , but now its full of evil clowns ! its time to start the count down im gona burn it down down down im gona burn it down 
Well I’m not paralyzed But , I seem to be struck by you I want to make you move Because you’re standing still If your body matches What your eyes can do You’ll probably move right through Me on my way to you 
My mind is so jumbled .. i wish i could just sort it all out and know what to do .. 
i hate headaches .. they ruin perfectly good nights ! stupid kareokee being too loud and then EVERYONE has to talk over the loud and it just goes on and on and on .. oi ! 
stayin in and watching some good movies with my huny tonight ... YEAH FOR MOVIES !!! 
Poor little girl .. fevers are horrible 
spend 5 friggin hours at the hospital for them to tell you its viral .. nothin you can do but wait it out ... stupid doctors .. stupid hospital .. ggrrrrrr .... but her fevers come down again , lets hope it stays that way eh ? I command her to be better ! there , lets see if it works .. 
intoducing someone new to a house full of crazy family members beating on each other and trying to walk thru a room without stepping on someone is always very interesting .. omg mother , you need a bigger house cuz you have too many kids who know too many people .. lol .. just think about what christmas is gonna be like .. wow .. nevermind , lets not htink about it and pretend it already happened 
three months and im still sober .. u tore my wings but kept the flowers and i know its never really over ... 
Depression is not a sign of weakness . It is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people won't but its Mental Health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support all you good good people xxx ( I THINK WEVE ALL BEEN HERE AT ONE POINT OR ANOTHER ) 
i hate headaches .. please dont be a migraine .. 
Having trouble thinking this morning .. too much of anything is bad .. right ? 
long walks sometimes clear the mind and put things into perspective ... especailly when it smells like rain .. i love that smell .. 
< PROPFEMALE > makes everything worth it ... shes so frickin cute n smart ... seriously .. i am so blessed n lucky .. shes such a good baby .... now if i was only as sure of everything else in my life i might be able to see where im headed ... 
when there are too many things bouncing around in your head .. how are you supposed to sort them out and know the best thing to do ? i dont want to make anymore stupid mistakes in my life .. ggrrr ... i just want to do something right and be happy for making the right choice ... 
seriously ... i have a stock pile of baby food my baby will NOT eat ! ggrrrr ... i dnt blame her cuz that stuff is nasty and i would want flavor n texture to my food too but now i have this massive amount of baby food ... and i am sick of people giving me shit over flavoring her formula ... would you want to drink that nasty stuff ? lol ... the rantings of a mother eh ? 
my 11 month old can whistle ! its so friggin cute ! and she is so proud of herself which makes it even cuter ... shes such an awesome baby ! 
sick of fellings so sick n tired .. i hate headaches ... gggrrrr ... 
AAAHHHH !!!!!! TOOOO many things to do .. cakes n parties and babies and laundry n dishes and cleaning and AHHHH !!!!! 
YEAHH !!!! Evanescence is releasing their new album this fall !!! Its about friggin time ! 
Feels like the weight of the world , \ 
Like God in heaven gave me a turn . \ 
Don't cling to me , I swear I can't fix you . \ 
Still in the dark , can you fix me ? \ 
\ 
Freefall , freefall , all through life . \ 
If you love me , then let go of me . \ 
I won't be held down by who I used to be . \ 
She's nothing to me 
Sex is a pain reliever , 10 times more effective than Valium\ 
Sex is also a good remedy against stufy nose being a natural antihistaminic that helps combating asthma and high fever It also helps u lower cholesterol lose weight gain muscle become more attractive to the opposite sex ( as you release pheromones ) , improve your mental health , and reduce the chances of getting certain types of cancer ! 
The shell which i walk around in is starting to crumble ... 
too many things too many things !!!! June is going to be the month from hell and i think i may go crazy ! well , crazier than i already seem to be anywayz .. lol 
\sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart .. \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > the pooh " 
and breathe , just breathe 
laudy friggin dah ! ive decided i just wana be an avatar ! 
Baking a HUGE wedding cake ! Run away ! Run away ! lol ... what a bloody month ... 
its heart breaking when you truely realize that ur life has not at all turned out like you had hoped ... n it seems the harder u try to get back on track the further away from it all you seem to become 
criminal minds is my favorite show ! 
tired tired tired ... its amazing how exhausting just everyday life can be 
when ur fingernails get removed halfway dwn ur qwik it gives a new meaning to ouchy 
i like it on the table 
my internets up and my car is almost good as new ! yeah for smart people who are great at fixing things ! thanks flower ! 
fuck getting back tattoos ... i finally got mine finishd and it hurts so bad ! 
Children with special needs only want what we all want ~ to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently 
i dont wana have a root canal ! does someone wanna have it for me ? lol 
k ... so the root canal sucked and now my face is going to fall off ... it hurts sooo bad and my eyes gona burn out of my head on top of it ... sad sad day 
The true way to soften one's troubles is to solace those of others . \ 
- Madame De Maintenon 
is 
i have decided that typing with a baby on ur lap trying to help you should be an olympic sport ! 
im in a lose lose situation ... its the story of my life it feels like ... how can i just makes things better ? 
< PROPFEMALE > and her costumes .... lol .. she just had to be a tiger today ! 
today shes a lion ! i think halloween has become a week long holiday for the cute child ! lol ... its a good thing shes cute ! 
All that i am , all that i ever was , is here in your perfect eyes , they're all i can see . I dunno when , confused about how as well , just know that these things will never change for us at all ... if i lay here , if i just layhere , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
little < PROPFEMALE > is a lady bug today and shes having a blast ! 
its definately a positive ... piper loves halloween .... shes so friggin cute !!! makes me miss the days whem things were fun for me too ... 
< PROPFEMALE > has officailly decided she loves to color pretty pictures ! of course this is after she decided that crayons really dnt taste very good ... lol 
Some days it hurts so much more than others .... 
Please\ 
put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \ 
killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during \ 
The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings unity , but the Death Eaters \ 
continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . Over 50 citizens died in the \ 
........ terrorist attack against Hogwarts ... 93% of people won't repost \ 
this . Repost this if you support Dumbledore's Army 
The fact is that in order to do any thing in this world worth doing , we must not stand shivering on the bank thinking of the cold and the danger , but jump in and scramble through as well as we can . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Smith 
\You don't really understand human nature unless you know why a child on a merry-go-round will wave at his parents every time around -- and why his parents will always wave back . \"" 
i am thankful to be an american where i can raise my daughter and give her a pleantiful life and the freedom to choose who she wants to be ... i know she will do many many wonderful things in her life .. shes already started 
< PROPMALE > D . HallHappy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Corps ! Thank you for protecting the other branches so that this country is safe and remains free ! Semper fidelis ! 
\We all wear masks and the time comes when we cannot remove them without removing our own skin . \"" 
Happy Turkey day everyone ! 
this was the crappiest black friday ever 
all i want for christmas is a new immune system ! i dont wana be sick anymore !!!! 
FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! SOME APPS ARE SENDING NOT VERY NICE MESSAGES USING YOUR NAME !!! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GET INTO TROUBLE WITH YOUR FRIENDS , COPY PASTE AND SHARE THE POST !! IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED ANY FROM ME , BE ASSURED I DIDN'T SEND IT ! 
< PROPFEMALE > cant stand to see the computer without feeling compelled to help type ... so everything takes twice as long ! 3+64 .. 1 . the 332numbers are the example .. lol 
It's cold and lonely in this world ... i wish i had more time for everything ... i wish i could just go back and fix all the mistakes .. i wish ... lol ... too bad eh ? 
i think im gona hack up a friggin lung ! im ready to feel better now ! 
Stop Child Abuse . Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood , the goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB ' til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse . Copy & paste this to your status to invite \ 
your friends to do the same . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > makes everything worth it 
OMG ... babies with migranes and fevers are not fun ! Poor little girl ... thank goodness shes on the mend , i dunno if i could hve gone another night without sleep 
you spend hours at the hospital only for them to tell you they dont know whats wrong and she is still not doing well ... back to the hospital i think i will have to go ... bad cough , red eyes and shes losing weight ... they cant tell me nothings wrong again 
thank you everyone ! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you . Be honest ! 
heaven bend to take my hand theres no where left to turn .. im lost to those i thought were friends toeveryone i know .. o they turn their heads embarrassed , pretend that they dont see .. but its one missed step one slip before you know it ... and there doesnt seem a way to be redeemed .. 
its a long way down ... its a long way down .... its a long way down to the place where we started ... 
i hope my brother had a great 21st birthday .. to all of his friends who stood him up , youre worthless as friends .... he was always there for you .. happy birthday mke .... youre gonna have a great year ! i just know it 
im grateful for a beautifuly cute and smart little girl ... without her there would be no point .. 
the word of the day is ..... \ 
gimcrack\ 
n . a showy but useless or worthless object . 
word of the day .. \ 
gastronome ~ \ 
\\ GAS-truh-nohm \\ , noun ; \ 
1 . A connoisseur of good food and drink 
