Wow , I can't believe it is 2011 . 

Don't you hate it when you hear a car slowing down out side and when you look out , no one is there ? 
Toast + Peanut Butter + Sugar = Food of the Gods . go make one . 
Feeling the burn . 
I hate when I lose something and I look EVERYWHERE for it so I stop looking for it all together . Then 3 months later I find it . 
The best part about a snow day , talk shows . 
I complain about being cold , yet I am still eating ice . 
My quads hurt . 
I hate when I click on something and it goes to a < PROPFEMALE > that says \connection unavailable\ " when I know good and well it is working !!!!!!!! " 
Today 7th period was awesome . 
I hate stupid people . 
I hate projects . 
My butt is numb , but I don't want to get off of the computer . 
Getting ready to hop on the treadmill . : ] 
Sweatin ' but not to the oldies . 
Let's see if I can make it 2 < PROPMALE > instead of one . Can't believe I actually survived 1 . 
: [ 
Today = Suckfest 
My throat hurts . I hope I'm not getting sick . 
At least it is nice out ... 
It's so warm out . Yay !!! 
Happy Spring !!! :D 
:D My arm smells good ... 
Gone to mom's ... 
Mom and I went to Peking yesterday , and I got the best fortune EVER . : ] Let's just hope it comes true . 
I was running to get the phone a minute ago , and ran into the door frame . haha it hurt . 
Today has been the longest day EVER !!! 
Today had been the best day I have had in forever . 
I officially hate computers . 
I want a job ... 
I want to go outside , but it's cold . : [ 
We must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
If there is one thing Facebook has taught me , it would be that I need a life . 
I swear , sometimes I just want to kick my computer in the moniter . 
I want pancakes ... 
I love being in such a good mood that I don't get aggravated over things I usually would . 
I hate when gum gets all nasty and flavorless . 
Gonna go watch a movie . What though , I have no idea . 
Big < PROPFIRST > should have went home ... 
I need a life . Care to give me one ? 
Just watched Avatar . Worth 2 and a half hours of my life ? I think so . 
is disappointed . 
Just walked into the living room to find dad watching a Lady Gaga video . :] hah I love my dad . 
just had an epiphany . 
My feet hurt .... oh well . 
I think I am going to go play The Sims until I can no longer hold my eyes open . 
I need to get on the treadmill , but I'm too lazy . 
I want some < PROPMALE > Potter Silly Bandz , but I am NOT going to pay 24.99 plus tax and shipping . : [ 
I can officially drive with a licensed drive over the age of 21 . 
I would like to know why my computer insists on being slow ... 
At work I'm about to fall asleep , I get home I'm wide awake . My body can't make up it's mind . 
I got my first paycheck today !!!!! :D 
Keep the people affected by the flood in your minds , hearts , and prayers . 
I want to buy something ... 
My hair is soft :D 
Oh brownies , why must you tempt me with your sweet chocolaty goodness ? 
I hate you grape Kool-aid . 
Absolutely can not wait until I get my license so I don't have to ride the bus EVER again . 
I just realized I have my shorts on inside out . 
I soooo don't want to go to work today . 
Everyday I want my license more and more . 
Hopefully tomorrow will be better . 
Has the best parents ever !!! ( sometimes ) 
Dear computer , \ 
Why are you being so slow tonight ? I ate all of my veggies and washed not only the towels , but the dishes too . 
Don't you hate it when your toes are cold ? 
I hate when the green eyed monster is on my back . 
hates the after taste of mouthwash . 
I hate when my hands are really dry and look like the hands of an old lady . 
is in Bardstown , Kentucky .? 
I think I may have OD'd on cake .? 
is slap happy . 
Laughing at life . 
hates little creepers . 
is amazed at how fastly you can lose respect for someone . 
Just broke a chair . 
will never have a successful career as a rapper . 
has short hair . 
Computer , why must you be so slow ? 
I hate when I get emails telling me someone commented on a status I liked . I don't even know these people . 
Waiting for ' The Amazing Race ' to come on . 
I am really sick of immature people . 
Gonna go make some muffins !!! 
soooooooo not in the mood to go to work tonight . 
I hate people . 
Trying my darndest to stay up long enough to watch Grey's Anatomy ; I'm exhausted . 
Work ' til 11 :p , Kings Island in the morning with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I ran today for the first time in forever ; I feel great . : ] 
< PROPFEMALE > Hurd and Zach Newman are traitors . 
I soooo should not have eaten the cupcake , cookie , or pizza . Ughhhhh ... 
today = suck 
Wow , I actually get to sleep in tomorrow . What has this world come to ? 
I'm so not feeling work today . 
I seriously need to go to sleep , so I don't wake up at the last possible minute and have to rush to get ready for work . 
I'm sooooo excited to have my OWN computer !!! 
I really need to go wash dishes ; however , I'd rather waste my time on here . 
Grey's Anatomy !!!! 
I've asked off for tomorrow for the past three weeks , yet they still schedule me , and tell me I never asked off . 
It will never cease to amuse me , the stupid things kids my age do . 
Grey's Anatomy . : ] 
It should be illegal to be awake before 12 p.m. on Sunday . 
I had to delete Sims 3 because my sims kept disappearing ; I'm so upset . 
watching She's the Man . 
Watching Marley & Me . 
It is going to be one long night . 
The next time I go to Starbucks , when they ask my name , I'm gonna say Voldemort . 
Work from 3-11 . Fun ... 
I'm very disappointed in my ACT scores . : [ 
I think I'm gonna write my essay about < PROPFIRST > Brown . His letter ? L for Lady Beater . 
Ordered a pair of TOMS . I can't wait to get them !!! 
No matter how long the runway , pigs can't fly . ~ Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Couldn't go to work again today . I hate being sick . : [ 
By the time I'm 30 , I am going to have a full head of white hair . 
I hate having strep . : [ 
Sick . Doctors excuse . School tomorrow ? I think not . 
grape cough syrup = disgusting 
I wish I could whistle . 
Dear Everyone Going to the < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Midnight Premiere , \ 
\ 
I hate you . 
I woke up 2 hours earlier than I actually needed to . : | 
I feel like my body rejected a forbidden spell cast by Voldemort , and he's trying to use Occlumency on me . 
I'm pretty sure if you looked up the word awesome up in the dictionary , there would be a picture of banana pudding beside of it . 
I seriously need to wash the dishes ; however , my procrastination is going to last a bit longer . 
Of course , the Sunday I want to work a later shift , I get scheduled 8 to 4 . :P Food City 
Seriously starting to question why I have a job . : [ 
I am addicted to Snake . 
Looking at my profile picture , really makes me miss Rugrats . 
NEVER order anything from Bath and Body Works online . 
Putting up the Christmas tree . : ] 
I thought of a really funny status today , but I forgot what it was ... : [ 
I have almost accomplished my life long goal of learning how to whistle . : ] 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , a.k.a Sleeping Beauty , married < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , not < PROPMALE > Charming . Just sayin ' . 
Finally accomplished a 10% gain on ALEKS !!! Hello , bonus points . :D 
Watching Dear < PROPFIRST > :D I still wish it ended differently . 
I hate when I think some one is pulling in the drive way , but when I get up and go look , no one is there ... 
There is something in my eye , and it isn't my contact . : [ 
: / 
Grey's Anatomy ! :D 
Type your name : < PROPFEMALE > Charles\ 
Type it with your elbow : brfazn dxcy chnazrlersd\ 
Type it with your nose : < PROPFEMALE > charles\ 
Type it with your eyes closed : < PROPFEMALE > Charles\ 
Put this as your status and dont erase the mistakes , ( : 
To work out , or not to work out , that is the question ... 
I love going to the dentist ! :D 
Chapped lips = Suck 
I love when I get stuff in the mail ; it makes me feel important . 
Computer , why are you being mean , I have been nothing but nice to you ? Well , for the most part . 
I just realized that the icon beside of the ' pokes ' , looks like a hand . :D 
Just got home from work ; now time for some Grey's Anatomy . :D 
I'm so tired , but the internet is so intriguing . 
I love going through old pictures ; blackmail . :P 
For the past hour , I have thought my internet was screwed up . I about had a heart attack . 
Seriously not looking forward to work tonight ; Food City is going to be ridiculous . 
It's 11 o'clock , and our road is still covered in snow/ice . Oh well , no work for me . 
Ocean's Twelve . :D Three words : Clooney and Pitt . 
My feet are so cold ; I think they may fall off . 
I'm running on 4 hours of sleep , but I'm still not tired . ughh . 
Pondering what a frek-wad is ... 
Today has been the longest day ever ! 
I lost my favorite t-shirt . :'[ 
I hate having strep throat , but at least it's an excuse to eat a snickers , and watch Grey's Anatomy . 
I think I'm the only person on Facebook who doesn't watch Jersey Shore . 
Can't decide between watching a nice tear jerker , or Grey's Anatomy . 
Off to the City of Food . 
I don't think I have ever been this cold . 
Can't wait to watch ' Off the Map ' ; I love doctor shows ! :D 
:/ 
I'm pretty sure ' The Guardian ' is the best movie ever . 
Ughhh , I seriously do not want to go wash dishes . :/ 
Never stick your pinky in the bag racks at Food City ; it WILL hurt you ! 
So it's 1:30 in the morning , and this weird old man keeps calling my house ; I'm getting kinda creeped out . 
I am the most paranoid person on the face of this earth . 
I put off studying for finals way too long . 
I feel like an idiot , thanks , precal . :p 
Why did Severus Snape stand in the middle of the road ? \ 
So no one could tell what side he was on . XD 
No School !!! :D I'm actually glad . 
So I think I have strep , again , makes the second time this month . :[ I hate my immune system . 
So curling my hair before work has proved to be a bad idea . I'm sure to get some weird looks . 
Watching ' The Social Network . ' :D 
Today had been the longest/worst day ever . :[ 
Trying to muster up the will power to get my sweat on . 
I will never understand why people who can't sing , still audition for American Idol . 
Ughh , I can't sleep . :/ 
Home from work , finally . Now to watch ' Eat Pray Love ' . 
I seriously do not want to start on this paper for APUSH . :[ 
Seriously considering skipping school tomorrow in order to finish this essay ; however , I'm sure dad won't let me . :[ 
Is it really that hard to google a word you don't know how to spell ? 
I will never take my having the internet for granted ever again ! 
In the process of making some awesome blueberry muffins , you're welcome , Tuttle . 
I seriously wish they would call of school ; I feel like crap . 
I'm getting really sick of being sick . :/ 
It's offical , I'm addicted to cough drops . 
sore throat + vanilla pudding = XD 
The worst thing about being sick : Being forced to be a mouth breather . :/ 
Happy Valentines Day to the bestest friends a girl could ask for , < PROPFEMALE > , Zach , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . I would tag you , but I don't know how . :P 
OH MY GOSH , they are making ' Spy Kids 4 ' . :D :D :D :D :D :D 
I wish I could think of cool statues like < PROPFIRST > Slone . 
I love how < PROPFEMALE > Justice thinks she is going to win this poke war . :D 
I'm really not looking forward to waking up at 7 in the morning for work . :/ 
I love when I get to leave work early . :D 
It's sad when you're too lazy to get off of the couch to get something to drink . 
Remind me again why I'm up this early on a Saturday ... 
I have had Baby by < PROPFIRST > Bieber stuck in my head all day long . 
It sucks when you eat something when it's still hot , and get a scorched tounge . :/ 
Today has been the longest day ever . 
Still not sure if I like my hair ... 
Starting to get really nervous about Monday ... 
Home from the lovely Food City . 
Fast Typer 2 is the most stressful game ever . 
I really need to go to sleep , but I don't want to . 
So I'm up two hours early , I can't go back to sleep , and I'm hungry . This would be fine if I were allowed to eat . Today shall be lovely . 
I'm offically tonsil free . 
Shew , I got chocolate ice cream on my favorite pajama pants . :/ 
Juniors , good luck on the ACT tomorrow !!! 
When I get the feeling back in my tongue , I will never take it for granted again . 
I swear , everyday my throat hurts worse . :[ 
The pessimist complains about the wind ; the optimist expects it to change ; the realist adjusts the sails . \ 
—William < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
It is so incredibly hard to learn without an actual teacher . :/ 
One hour of ALEKS down , three and a half to go . :/ 
Pudding is a funny word . :D 
Ugh , I can't wait ' til the moment comes when I can eat actual food again without feeling like I am eating a porcupine . 
First day of Spring !!!!!! :D 
I should not not be awake this early ... 
I would really like to know why my internet decided to be slow today ... :/ 
Someone needs to take my debit card , and hide it somewhere I will never find it . 
I guess it's finally time to start on my homework ... 
I never really realized how many stuffed animals I have in my room until now ... 
I love the feeling I get after going to church . :D 
Well , I have a DBQ , twenty minutes of ALEKS , and 20 short answer questions to finish before tomorrow . Tonight shall be fun ... 
:| 
Making up the ACT today ; hoping it goes well . : / 
It's way too cold outside . 
I believe I have onset senioritis . 
So , I was informed today that I will not be getting my license until July ; my life sucks . 
My room is so warm !! :D 
I hate writing essays ... :/ Stupid APUSH . 
I am going to write that essay now , no more distractions . 
How is it that it is the end of the nine weeks , I turned in all of my work , it's Friday , yet still I feel even more stressed out now more than ever ? : / 
I hate when my comptuer randomly decides to quit working for 2 hours . Maybe it's trying to tell me something ... 
Ugh , work later ... :/ 
Home from work ... finally . : ] 
So , I'm definitely going to have sunburn tomorrow ... 
Why am I not sleepy ?!?!? 
Today has lasted forever ... :/ 
Yayyyyy , I finished making my assignment for Precal !!! :D 
Ahhh , I love this weather . 
