Is it true ...? The geese ...? DEAD ?! 

Back from the Titan's game . DANG < PROPMALE > looked good ! 
Back from District 9 . Simply put , the most indescribably amazing film I have ever seen . Unbelievable . 
hold up , wait a minute ... 
is sick . Ya , sick Tuesday , better Wednesday , suddenly sick again this morning . FML 
Well crap . 
sick , but 7-0 never felt better !!! 
Way to go Chiefs !!! 
8-0 Baby ! Just 4 more to go !!! 
9 down , 3 to go 
We love our Tigers ! 
Yea , we did just beat the Steelers . You know that team that beat the Titans ... Go KC !!! 
\Global warming debunked via the very internet that < PROPMALE > Gore invented . Oh the irony ! \"" 
Happy new year and GO OU ! Boomer Sooner ! 
Great way to bring in the new year !!! Congrats Oklahoma ! Fiesta Bowl Champions ! BOOMER SOONER !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All of y'all are awesome . Im doing alright . Out of town to work on some things . I'll try to keep ya updated . 
I am doing pretty well . Still not sure when I am coming home but I am getting closer . 
I'm sorry I dont have time to respond individually to all of you , but thank you all for your thoughts and prayers . Im doing well and making progress , going back to partial probably next week . I love and miss you all and cant wait to come home . 
I hope the class of 2010 had an awesome weekend at disney world ! Thank you all again for your support . I'm going to partial Tuesday . I wont have my comp or phone but i will do my best to keep in touch . Love and miss u all ! 
2 Days of partial are down . Things are not spectacular but they are at least going . Thanks everyone for your continued prayers . Hopefully things are moving in the right direction ! 
7 Days down . Thingsare looking a little better I think . I have got to keep looking forwardand hopefully things are getting/ will continue to get better . Thank you everyone for everything . 
I want to thank everybody for their prayer and support . Im not yet better and Ill be working on my stuff all summer , but after 5 months , Im coming back to Nashville on Thursday . EHS and all my fellow students , I cant express how much I will miss you all and how special you all have been to me . I wont be back as a student , but know that Im a Tiger for life . 
Story and Song was amazing ! It was great to see so many of you again ! Good luck to all at graduation and I thank you all again . 
Congratulations to the class of 2010 !!! I hope you all have a wonderful day and know that I thank you for making these last four years so special . Im so sorry I cant be there but I will definitely be there in spirit . Congrats again !!! 
Thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Even the announcers know , that was a goal . 
In Cali for the week . Why cant all weather be like this ? 
That is how you play from whistle to whistle , 90+ minutes . Congratulations to US soccer ! 
Coming back to Nashville tomorrow morning . With time change it is a 7 HOUR FLIGHT ! This should be fun . 
AAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
How is it possible that the more I work do , the longer my to-do list gets ? 
They laughed at < PROPFIRST > Armstrong when he said he was gonna go to the \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . Now he's up there , laughing at them . 
I do not like this Uncle < PROPFIRST > , I do not like his health care scam . I do not like these dirty crooks , or how they lie and cook the books . I do not like this speaker < PROPFEMALE > , I do not like this ' YES WE CAN ' . I do not like this spending spree , I'm smart , I know that nothing's free , I do not like your smug replies , when I complain about your lies .... I do not like this kind of hope . I do not like it . Nope , nope , nope ! 
Hi Ricketty Whoop Te Do ... BOOMER SOONER OKLA U ! 
Missing Catlett already . OU is gonna be freakin amazing ! 
Favre ... Leaving ... Cant breathe . I was just thinking , Favre has been a QB in the NFL longer than I have been alive . It wont be the same without him . 
I put my hands up in the air sometimes , sayin OU , sayin OU ! 
For real Favre ... Unretiring a 3RD TIME !!! 
I dont care what the issue is ... 52% of California voters ( a MAJORITY ) voted to ban gay marriage . Now one state judge decides to overturn it ?! This is perhaps the least democratic thing I have ever seen in our great nation . Judge < PROPMALE > should be ashamed . 
Im Sooner born , Im Sooner bred , and when I die I'll be Sooner dead ! 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > Haynesworth on finally passing a simple conditioning test . $100 million . Wow . 
Finished filling in my OU Schedule on my calender . Compared to EHS , its actually quite decent . Any Catlett people taking Calc , Microecon , English Comp , or Film/Video ? 
Just went through a load of clean laundry . There were 15 socks and only four pairs . 7 random socks . As you might imagine , I am quite confused . 
Good bye Nashville :( 
Hello < PROPFIRST > , Oklahoma ! BOOMER SOONER !!! 
Ensworth Tigers , so proud of y'all . I watched the game from my dorm . They're a tough team and you played them hard . Hold your heads high . Go TIGERS !!! 
First day of classes ! 
Just got OU Football Season Tickets confirmed !!! Hellz ya !!! 
Class starts tomorrow at ... 3:30 pm . Man I Love College . 
Just had film/video ... where we watched Die Hard . Did I mention I love college ? 
\Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Williamson " 
I have just learned that the University of Oklahoma is also home to one of the loudest tornado sirens known to man ... right outside my dorm room . It will be going off every Friday at noon ... 
The people in my calc class spend the whole class talking to each other , getting up , sleeping , or just plain not paying attention . I am not so much bothered by this I just can't stop wondering what < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would do . It's quite amusing to think about . 
It's on like Donkey Kong ... 
Hooray . KC only lost by three ... FYI , last preseason Chiefs victory : August 28 , 2008 . I hate being a Chiefs fan sometimes . 
At the Pitt State game in Oklahoma ! Go Gorillas !!!!! 
Way to go Pitt ! 1-0 !!! 
Screamin ' for Tulane and Orleans Darkwa tonight at 7 !!! 
\Dean doesn't mean sausage anymore ! \"" 
Orleans Darkwa - 75 yards , 3 TDs and a W . Incredible man . Congrats . 
BOOMER SOONER !!! Time to join the 800 club !!! 
OK , ugly , but a win . Welcome Sooners to the 800 club ! 
The headline of the < PROPFIRST > Transcript : \What was that ? \"" 
I love college football ! 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons . I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground . I've had enough , now I'm so fed up , Time to put my life back together right now . 
Alright Sooners ! Time to get a big W !!! 
GET LOUDDD SOONERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Um ... 47-17 against who ?! BOOMER SOONER !!! 
Save Me , San < PROPFIRST > is maybe the best album I've heard since ... well , since My Private Nation . Train is unbelievable . 
9 minutes into the season : we've had two 3-and-outs and gotten Cassel sacked . Go KC . 
WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO CHIEFS !!!!!!!! 
I take back everything negative I said about KC . I haven't seen these Chiefs since < PROPMALE > Vermeil . This is a new < PROPFEMALE > . What's up KC !!! 1-0 !!! 
Who can catch lightnin ' in a bottle , set fire to water ? 
Dear Printer in my Room , \ 
1:00 am is not an okay time for you to stop working . Please work now . 
Has now decided that BK Cini-minis are one of the greatest creations ever 
Way to go Tigers ! That was Ensworth football done right . 
Just got back from Get Him to the Greek . Best comedy since The Hangover . Hilarious ! 
Game day baby ! BOOMER !!! 
I love this . Go Chiefs ! 2-0 ! 
Life is a beach , I'm just playin ' in the sand . - Weezy 
\3-5 < PROPFEMALE > essay rough draft due Friday\ " definitions :\ 
12 hours of sleep ... at last . I CANNOT EXPLAIN HOW GOOD THAT FELT . Now shower and off to a rugby game ! Boomer ! 
A little too close for my liking , but BOOMER SOONER ! 
GO CHIEFS !!! UNDEFEATED GOING INTO THE BYE !!! 
Zombie Nation 
\I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength . \"" 
Opened my door to the shock of seeing the room was trashed and things were thrown all over . Upon further investigation , all is well ; I am just that messy . I think that means it's time to clean my room ... 
BOOMER SOONER !!!!! BEAT SAXET !!!!! 
28-20 !!! BOOMER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > McElroy : New plan , start crying and promise the media you'll work harder than anyone they've ever seen and that you won't lose again . See if they'll still let you go to the national championship . I hear that works ... 
Selling a non-student ticket if anybody has people coming in for homecoming . Any interest ? 
So ... I moved to < PROPFIRST > expecting an increase in tornadoes . This morning though , not ready for that one . That was awesome though ! 
So , if you're < PROPFIRST > Shooter and he's < PROPFIRST > Durden , then where is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? And for that matter , who is Kaiser Soze ? 
WE'RE NUMBER ONE !!!!! BOOMER !!!!! 
Starting this week , the NFL will suspend players not just for helme t-t o-helmet , but for \devastating hits . \ " I'm sorry ... I thought this was FOOTBALL . " 
Atta way KC ! Sooners , we'll bounce right back . No worries . 
Woohoohooooo !!! What a game ! What a drive ! What a win ! Go KC !!! 
\We are now able to project that the Republican Party will take control of the US House of Representatives by taking around 60 seats ... This is the largest seat turn-around since the Democratic take-over of 1948 . \"" 
It's a tidal wave folks !!! 
CNN : \What we are witnessing here - from east coast to west coast - is a shellacking . \"" 
MBA @ EHS - Wish I could be there . Go Tigers !!! 
Well this day sucked . 
Well this weekend was terrible . For once I'm actually semi-looking forward to a Monday . 
Anyone selling their student Tech game ticket ? 
If anyone knows of or has a spare student ticket to the game I need to buy one ! 
Oh sleep , how I have missed you for the last 36 hours . 
Putting on my Ensworth game-day gear . Get ' em boys ! Go Tigers !!! 
So , I'm gonna go ahead and say it : I think Cam < PROPMALE > should go play for the Cincinnati Bengals . He would fit in with the guys there nicely . He might even get to add to Cincy's arrest total if he's lucky . 
Wow , congratulations Tigers ! Hell of a win ! Great work ! 
So , Sooner football for the last two years- Home : 14-0 Away : 1-7 . Anyone else confused by this ? 
A bunch of people die and it could be plants but we don't know for sure . The end . Thank you M . Night Shyamalan for wasting 90 minutes of my time . Please be good again ! 
Just got a ticket to the Big XII Championship ! Now come on Sooners ! Take us to < PROPFIRST > ! 
Get ' em Tigers ! Semis tonight !!! 
Way to go Tigers ! Outstanding comeback ! State bound !!! 
Thank you Sooners for showing up on the road . Time for Bedlam ! 
is home !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
Two things I thought I would never say : Gig ' em and Roll Tide !!! 
And Thug < PROPMALE > gets what he deserves ... This is beautiful . 
Please , please roll tide 
That was the most incredible college football game that I have ever seen . Unreal . Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Great evening with < PROPFEMALE > Myriah Daniels and great victory for my Sooners . This was an awesome Saturday !!! 
Back online after being sick , wondering , did the sporting world go crazy ? Cam is eligible , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Cortland Finnegan are not suspended , and ... FIFA ? Qatar ? Really ??? Oh well , more importantly , GO ENSWORTH TIGERS !!! 
Ensworth is in the State Championship and the game is being shown on the internet . However , the internet in my dorm is too slow for the video feed and the only wifi spot fast enough is across campus . I am tired and sick and it is cold outside . I am faced with quite a dilemna ... but we all know where I'm going :) GOOOOO TIGERSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What a win ! Congratulations Ensworth ! TIGERS ARE STATE CHAMPS !!!!! As always , so proud to be an Ensworth Tiger !!! 
On the way to < PROPFIRST > for the Big XII Championship ! Boomer Sooner !!! 
Bye Muschamp ! 
\The Heisman Memorial Trophy annually recognizes the outstanding college football player whose performance best exhibits the pursuit of excellence with integrity . \ " Ya ... Right . " 
So , I should be studying , but if one more person says \Cam < PROPMALE > is one-of-a-kind\ " I'm gonna lose it . \ 
Brodie Croyle , why are you so bad ? 
Cannot describe how good it feels to be done with microeconomics . 1 down , 2 to go ! 
I hate it when my shirt touches my belly button ! - Minkee < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Is it strange that I'm listening to pump up music for exams ? I think so . It's definitely the only educational purpose to be found for AC/DC ... 
Studying + pump up music + brief workout + good lunch + full throttle = So ready ! Back-to-back exams between me and home . Film and Biz Calc ... Bring it . 
FRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That was the most epic way to end my semester ever ! Silent Bizz Rave 2010 !!! 
To the 2:8 House and then bye < PROPFIRST > ! 620 Here I come !!! 
Good to be back in the Pitt !!! 
d2l ... please come back . That is all . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !!! 
No matter what it takes you , shine . 
Chicken < PROPFIRST>'s , the Mall Deli , and < PROPMALE>'s Steakhouse . The Pittsburg Trifecta is complete !!! 
Let's go Chiefs !!! 
See kids , with a little hard work , a stolen laptop , $ 200,000 in illegal benefits , and a really good lawyer , anything is possible ! 
< PROPFIRST > here I come !!! 
Great UOSA Retreat today ! Gonna be an awesome semester ! 
Back to class tomorrow ..... 
Yep , that was what I needed ! Awesome XA LATENIGHT ! 
At approximately 11:15 pm , < PROPFIRST>'s iPhone officially went into a coma . I hope that it might wake soon , but it does not look good . If you need to reach me , xandershaun@gmail.com is my email or facebook works too . 
Thanks to a screwdriver , a paperclip , a key , my OU ID , a pair of tweezers , a box of baking soda , and a coke cup , my phone is now open . McGyver ftw ! ... maybe . 
I have a phone again ! 
Did I mention I hate Texas ... 
It's not a cry you can hear at night and it's not somebody who's seen the light . It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah . 
\Same team ! Same Team ! \ " < PROPFIRST > Bontempo " 
SNOWPOCALYPSE !!!!! This is insane ! 
Just got the no school text for tomorrow ! It continues ! 
Haha , so answering the how does your chair thing do on snow and ice question , not well . Day 3 of classes cancelled tomorrow though !!! 
Turns out , Zertec makes me unable to sleep . At least I can breathe while I lay here 
Wants to stop being sick . 
