today is my due date 

is getting chill time right now while my baby is sleeping 
ouch 
sleep 
DAY OFF im lovin it 
blah blah blah but im lovin the nice day outside 
i am ready for the rain to go away 
i feel like i need to be doing something 
damn the same thing everyday i need to add something to my life or take something out i wake up everyday and do the same thing over and over again .......... even on weekends HELP 
waiting for laundry so i can get ready for work 
wants more iced coffee from 7-11 mmmmmmmm 
when can i sleep ?????? i have been going and going and going i need more than 3hrs of sleep 
a lil late but i hope all ate and enjoyed chillin with loved ones im stuffed and ready for bed 
Happy new year Facebook 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
I got a < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! 
so every morning lately ive been letting my 9yr old < PROPFEMALE > start my car so its warm enough when i put the baby DeMarion in and this morning some how she didnt get a < PROPMALE > to start it but she managed to lock the doors with the keys on the seat and we were already like 10min behind schedule 
NO MORE WIRE HANGERS . well i guess its just my sister that does not have any wire hangers she has a million plastic ones . So i have to send a big thanks to the next door neighbors for actually having at last one left Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for giving it to me and < PROPFEMALE > Zampese if it was yours 
Happy birthday to my aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate , but we can still say THANKS for their love . I love you mom 
its tooooooooooooooo much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
another day and another way fairfax says i owe them money booooo this sucks . 
not in a good mood this morning hope it gets better before i go to work 
gotta go do work before i go to work ...... yes that is what i ment to write 
I am a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , nurse , handy man , maid , security , coordinator , supervisor , manager , secretary , nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , life coach , bookkeeper , laundry maid , and a motivational speaker . I don't get paid , holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . Heck I am on call 24 hours a day ,... 7 days a week . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder than mine . Repost this if your a mom !! 
so i have learned that putting on a fake smile and pretending everything is ok works out much better than trying to explain why your life sucks so bad . its also much eaiser to help other people try to fix their problems then to try and get help to fix your own . from now on ima have to be my own best friend . 
Live Learn and Love your haters 
How is it possible for an english muffin to be dangerous ?? Well i tried to eat one and it cut my lip WTF .! 
i cant wait till its over 
off early and off 2marow what to do with myself ? 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY MOMMIES ON FACEBOOK !! MUCH LOVE TO YOU ALL 
I just got back from seein < PROPFIRST > Fraver-Lewis baby he is so cute . congrats girlie i love you and im so happy for you 
another weekend im trying not to hate 
Why does alcohol make everything better ?? 
off work but my mom said i should go with her to eat at my job wow how gay is that 
Im gettin to old for this shit 
Laundry , Laundry Laundry day yay yay yay . 
I need some air conditioner im my life . Its hot in here 
Mmmmmmmm mint chocolate chip ice cream 
Bout to be 27 and I thought i didnt need friends but im realizin that maybe i do . Thank you fb for listening lol Damn im boared 
Im off yay 
I LOVE MY KIDS :-) 
Why cant i upload pics from my phone any more 
dam im bout to see if their is a < PROPFEMALE > to become a fan of that has something to do wit hating being pinched on the back of my arms . OUCH 
Money makes the world go round and it also makes the tires on my car go round .... So why is it so hard get . Im broke an its hittin me hard 
I have learned that anything is plenty dont expect people to do something for you that you wouldnt do for yourself an being selfish only leaves you by yourself . 
FML 
If anyone ever wonders why im an Asshole or why i act the way i do Plz take a walk in my shoes if you cant do that then F@ ! K OFF . 
so much to say and no one to say it to 
THANKS TO EVERYONE FOR MY BIRTHDAY WISHES 
Help Wanted/Needed !!!!!!!!!! 
Everything that ive ever known to be right feels wrong and everything ive ever known to be wrong is starting to feel so right what do i do ? 
And so it begins 
What make people haters ? i dont expect answers but damn haters please sit back an think about why you hate so much . my life is kinda shitty too but i dont catch myself hatin If i say somethin thats true about you an you dont like it im not hatin im jus being honest well any way i always welcome competition ( haters ) . When its all said an done im still gonna be Me with or without you hatin on me 
needs a bath and some wine oh yeah 
Going to see my family i havent seen in about a year then going to be out in the heat the rest of the day ..... my head hurts thinking bout it 
So many things to say an no one to say them to 
Im so happy that i let certain fake people fade out of my life its better for me an my kids i still luv the rest of u that actually care you know who you are 
GET ME OFF THIS BUS ! Not one but two accidents on rt 1 that the bus had to sit thru this ride is Waaaay to long help 
Makin up for the week in ocean city where i spent all my money i came back with 15 dollars to my name 
Countdown . Only 6 months till i can get the hell away ... To all my haters its time to find someone new to hate on but i will miss you dearly 
takin my nephew out for his birthday he is 13 now 
Part me me says to get my bags , part of me says i cant do that , everytime i think that its over an done you make me fall back in love .. < PROPFEMALE > - torn 
I dont want shit from anyone cause they all just turn around an rub it in your face . 
FOR SALE : bucket full of false hopes an empty promises Its kinda heavy but im letting it go for real cheap 
Thank god for my boobs they just stopped me from hitting my face on concrete IN REAL LIFE 
jeep ! jeep !. thats the sound i keep hearing in my head . i am driving again yay lets see how long this lasts 
If more than half the things you say are untrue or made up you are a liar what part of lie dont you understand ?? 
Sitting in the house drunk .... Kinda I think . Ggrrr hungry ! 
Questions 
I have realized that i dont need a life i jus have to make the one i have work for me . 
I have cried my last tear over this fool . 
Im not friendly an im not your friend 
I give up !!!!!!!! 
Ask me a question in my inbox , and I'll answer it honestly . 
So its about 99Cent to get a two liter of soda an about 4 dollars to get a gallon of milk .. Damn it why cant my baby drink soda ?? 
the first step to getting what you want out of life is to decide what you want 
IM GLAD IM OVER IT . 
asking questions and over analyzing everything tends to scare people i do it cause i like to know exactly what im dealing with in my daily life whos who and whats what 
Just remember if you look for it you will probably find it like it or not . 
Im glad nobody misses me at family gatherings cause i will be avoiding many many more 
Bumper sticker im lookin at says \guns kill people .... Just like spoons made oprah fat\ " lol fo'real " 
Evil bitch syndrome just kicked in 
Wow way too much . 
NO\ 
CHEATIN !! -you have to post this even if your taken & see what\ 
people want from you . INBOX ONLY ! 1 . Baby 2 . Another < PROPMALE > 3 . Love 4 . \ 
Kiss 5 . Friendship 6 . Sex 7 . See you naked 8 . Chill 9 . To cuddle 10 . \ 
Long relationship 11 . Good laugh 12 . Night out 13 . Hug 14 . To be my bff\ 
... 15 . Full body massage 16 . Jus wanna sex me 
For all my highway ppl i hope you get the < PROPMALE > to go see the house on collingwood st by the hospital take your kids it is great tune into 8.81 while your 
In front of the house an the lights go to the music it is great its by the church on collingwood 
#222 you are one crazy ass chick i miss working with you an i hope things have been better for you . You have been thru a lot of shit 
#13 i have to admit you grew on me as you may already know i dont tend to like to many ppl for to long but you are a pretty great person oh and you are a BOP magnet just in case i ever need one lol 
Snow ! This sucks 
Fu**in Fantastic f**k if you agree yeah im bright but i dont give a f**k if you see me 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE ON FB ! 
Chips an ramen noodles for dinner 
What have i done so wrong ?? I dont think i can handle anymore bullshit anyone has to give me 
I forgot how it felt when someone said something nice an ment it . It feels pretty good 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They ...... understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ... Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends . 
Knowledge really is power ! 
So many ppl are use to being lied to they dont know how to tell when someone is actually being honest . 
6314032022 
Smile an nod jus smile an frickin nod 
i finally got some sleep .... i feel like me again 
2011 Has already started off to be an interesting year ........ i hope it turns out ok 
