just feels like crap today ....... why does everything have to be so damn complicated ? 

It's hard to answer the question -Whats wrong ? - when nothings right . 
I'm offically OUTTA HERE !!!!! ( fyi went to the beach for a week for those that didnt know ) 
bask from a week at the beach , loved it , but glad to be home 
is on a weird house cleaning kick .... 
Is offically registered at bed bath and beyond for the wedding !! 
is standing over a patient in the perating room , scapel in hand , wishing she hadn't lied on her resume about being a brain surgen . Here goes nothing ...... 
is standing over a patient in the operating room , scapel in hand , wishing she hadn't lied on her resume about being a brain surgen . Here goes nothing ...... 
leaving for the weekend ...... so long reality ! 
fells like crap , has too many things to do and cant seem to move much farther than the bathroom . * SNIFF SNIFF * I feel yucky . 
is in one of those moods . If you know whats good for you , you will just leave me alone . 
hates christmas ............. bahhumbug ... 
is having one of those days .... if you know whats good fo you just leave me the hell alone ! 
misses her friend .... :( 
new pics are up 
I karate chopped a smurf Riding a Motorcycle because I'm sexy and I do what I want 
is in another castle , sorry < PROPFIRST > . 
is pissed off hates her boss , hates her job , and is 2 seconds from quitting ! 
on the verge of offspring homicidal cannibalism 
no one ever told me physical therapy would hurt this much ! I can't even turn my head now ! OWIE !!! 
finally back to the real world ... been in the hospital for a while and now feeling better . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I got the best birthday a mommy could ever want ! I got to go out with some close friends and stay out all night then I got to sleep in all morning ( well sleeping in is 9 for me but who cares ! ) I got to wake up to something else besides alarm clocks and children screaming . Yeah best birthday in a long time ! 
just got unlimited texting so hit me up anytime ! XD 
Whatching Wrestlemania Whoo HOOO !!!! 
is in a grumpy shitty ass fucked up mood . fuck it ! I'm fuckin done with all the bullshit ! 
well well isnt the pot calling the kettle black ? i dont get it how can people get mad at someone for doing the exact same thing they did ? 
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to . 
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom . 
If I has to choose between loving you , and breathing . I would use my last breath to say I love you . 
I can ride my bike with no handlebars . 
coloring hair today .... yay what fun ! 
hope everyone had a good fourth i know i did !! 
Chillin at the house with the kids ... erg 
Gone fishin ' 
Back to school for me ! I freakin OWNED in biology last night !!! Muaha ha ha ha ha !!! I freaking LOVE it !! 
Ahhhh ...... soothing nap time ..... enjoy the peace while it lasts .... :) 
Shut up brain , or I'll stab you wih a Q-tip !! Ever had something on your mind you just couldn't get rid of ? I just wish I could stop thinking for five minutes , oh brain please shut up ! 
Ahhh .... a day off work ..... POO on working all weekend !! 
OH !! So much time and so little to do !!!...... Wait a minute ..... Strike that ..... Reverse it . 
agitated , berserk , infuriated , irritated , livid , provoked , raging , seeing red , very upset , acid , caustic , cross , cutting , indignant , irate , petulant , rancorous , sarcastic , sharp , spiteful , blow up , conniption , displeasure , exasperation , fury , hatred , impatience , indignation , infuriation , irritation , miff , outrage , peevish , rage , tantrum , tiff , crazy , angry , fuming , furious , enraging in other words , I’m just damn MAD ! 
how come when you have stuff to do there never seems to be enough hours in the day and when you're bored outta your skull the minutes drag on like hours ? 
all the good shit happens on the weekends im working , this blows ! 
is invisable , I pass though the crowd , unnoticed and unseen . Lady fate how cruel you have been . My feelings don't matter and theres hole in my chest . The pain means I'm alive , who would have guessed ? 
If McDonald's sold hot dogs , could u order a McWeiner with a straight face & tell them u want it supersized ? :o ) 
my neck hurts so freaking bad !!! Oh the pain !!! 
i cant wait till i get this damn apartment moving crap done , i hate it so freaking much !!! this sucks so bad ! work , housework , apartment work , homeowrk , repeat . this BLOWS ! 
Who else is excited for Halloween ? If you haven't already , you guys should buy your costumes asap , since all the costume stores raise their prices as the holiday nears ... http://bit.ly/9njwM8 
whoo hoo mid terms ! arent they just a blast ?! 
ERRRGGG why does the mail have to be so slow ?!? I want my package and I want it NOW !! It was suppossed to be here yesterday ! GIMMIE GIMMIE GIMMIE !! 
is up to no good .... tee < PROPFEMALE > 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into your status . Be fair , play along . ) 
finished mid terms , feel pretty good about em ..... dont wanna go to work this week lol . 
Am so happy I can't stand it !!! HA HA HA !!!! When I thought that my world turned to crap in comes what I needed most !!! 
Ahh life is good now ! 
Feels like a super crappy mom , I didnt take any pics of the boys this Halloween ! :( 
is having one of those days . Wish my < PROPFIRST > would just shut up ! Stop torturing me !! SHUT UP ! SHUT UP !! SHUT UP !!! I SWEAR I'll stab you with a Q-tip !!! 
ughh cold again ! I'm staying inside ! 
Having one of those days when you wanna hug your kid so tight he turns blue . 
And shepherds we shall be\ 
For Thee , my Lord , for Thee\ 
Power hath descended forth from Thy hand , \ 
That our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy command . \ 
So we shall flow a river forth to Thee\ 
And teeming with souls shall it ever be . \ 
In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti . 
I don’t like to be alone in the night\ 
And I don’t like to hear I’m wrong when I’m right\ 
And I don’t like to have the rain on my shoe\ 
But I do love you , but I do love you ............ 
Happy Turkey Day !! 
Awake and in pain this morning .... doesn't it figure that the dr. s office is closed ! 
Change your default Facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday the 6th of December . Join the fight AGAINST Child Abuse , and invite your friends to do the same 
The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . stone crumbles . wood rots . people , well , they die . but things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . 
Sometimes it just feels like I live in a snowglobe . Just when you think everything is ok and everything is fine . Some one has to come along and shake the shit out of it . 
Write a number 1-1000 in my inbox , And I'll tell you what I think about you 
428-\ 
What can I say ? Youre over a thousand < PROPMALE > away and still my best friend and sister in more ways than one . You being around deffonately made my life better , funnier , and just down right spiffy . I love you girl ! 
14 Oh muh gosh lets see ... We have deffinately been through a lot of stuff , everything from surviving NSYNC birthday parties to football games and everything in between . Hide and seek in the backyard . You were always there for me when I needed you and at times were diffinately my superman . 
Been thinking about Natrina all day !!! Oh yeah shes my worgen .... lol Loving the Warcraft ! 
13 the love of my life and my best friend . We have been to hell and back and I wouldn't want to go with with anymone else more than you . I loved you yesterday I love you today and I will always love you as long as my heart still beats . 
705 ~ A wonderful disaster . A wonderful mother , but still a child at heart . Beautifully morbid . Passionately loyal and a little bit mad too . But its ok we’re all mad here . A best friend in found in the most unusual of places , and I wouldn’t want you any other way . 
I have devolped an all new level of hate for the stupid people at wal mart . ( no offense < PROPFIRST > ) I swear they pick the dumbest people out of society and put em on a register just to make my day a living hell . 
I went shopping the other day for the boys , and as I walked down the toy aisle and saw all the guns , and knives , and swords , I thought to myself \if I was < PROPFEMALE > I would be very dissapointed in the toy makers\ " . It is just so sad how violent toys are now a days . " 
Don't it figure ... i set my alarm to get up at 4 in the morning to watch the eclipse and it's FREAKING CLOUDY !!! 
There is a special circle in hell reserved just for people that steal from their own family ....... 
i got me one of those instylers having fun playing with it ! thanks mommy !!! lol 
Back in my snowglobe ..... \ 
\ 
Dec . 9 2010 Sometimes it just feels like I live in a snowglobe . Just when you think everything is ok and everything is fine . Someone has to come along and shake the shit out of it . 
Spent all morning out with my lil man . Went to therapy ( all the girls love him ) and out to lunch . Now its time for a lil R n R before < PROPMALE > gets off the bus . 
spent half the day in bed and still feel like crap ! oh this sucks sooo bad . 
? I've carried a child within my body . Slept with a baby on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor or blessing !! Post this as your status if you are proud to be a Mom !!!? 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ;\ 
you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \\ 
All is quiet because the children are napping , and inside my hip is screaming . I have done my excersises , took my meds and my hip is still killing me . I just want to scream !!! 
is a girl scout cookie crackhead ...... god i love those things !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see ... who ... gets it and follows the instructions 
Somewhere right now , a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds , holding their bladder because they don't have time to pee , starving because they missed lunch , being puked on , bled on , and is missing their family while taking care of yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . ... Repost if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or APPRECIATE ONE !!!!!! 
When you're taught to love everyone , to love your enemies , then what value does that place on love ? 
feel like my head is in a vice and at any moment can go gushing through my eyeball . Oh the pain ! and the light and the noise !!! And the boys ? well they are being their normal selves ..... God help me . 
deffinately a MSI kinda day . 
I would like to wish all of my friends and family a very happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day . I love you all from the bottom of my heart . 
¡Mucho amor a mis amigos y familia ! 
I am not being drug into the darkness again ... I refuse to walk that road . I will bathe in the sun and soak up the light . 
Trying out DC Universe , so far .... pretty kewl 
Poor Ralphie he's got the worst lil cold and runny nose . Gotta hit the store for his special tissues . My poor baby ..... 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 x the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2 x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you laugh ! 
For all the people that have no idea who < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is I made an album just for you . Youre Welcome 
In one of those moods when I don't want to do anything . Don't feel a hundred percent . Got homework to do , exams to study for , a house to clean , a doctors appointment , and I dont feel like doing any of it .... erg 
not only do i get a full < PROPFEMALE > for my birthday but I get a super < PROPFEMALE > !!!! its the closest the < PROPFEMALE > has been to the earth in 20 years !!! whoo hoo 
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !!! Thanks guys ! Love you !! 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think . 
just having a bad day .... 
MISERABLE !!! My face hurts so bad !! Damn you dentist !! Damn you to hell !! 
