I miss sparring . 

For every artist , a canvas . For every actor , a stage . 
I am feeling so akward right now . Should be interesting though . Call me the Wingman . 
Being sick sucks 
Regretting missed opportunities 
Midnight excursion to wal-mart , it's on 
I'm off , see you monday everybody 
pay me in macdamia nuts 
missinig how things were 
The longest journey is the road home 
The akward doesn't end 
Rally's , how I miss thee 
Moving Like a Cat 
Get off your knees , quit trying to blow the mission 
The Krakken Rises 
thank you for all the birthday messages ! 
wishing i could be real with people 
Wishing to not be diluted 
Venture Bros is the best show ever . That is all . 
Listening to She Wants Revenge 
Had a good night with my baby . Thanks for the invite < PROPMALE > . Til next time 
Wow . Just wow . Life is interesting indeed . 
Unleash The Dragon !!! 
It does everything EXCEPT LET MULTIPLE PEOPLE SIGN IN 
trying to come up with a name . 
Anyone want some Nate company ? 
Getting my popsicle bogarted by a two year old . 
got the car fixed . thanks to < PROPMALE > for the help !!!! 
Todays definition : comely adj . \ 
1 . pleasing in appearance ; attractive ; fair : a comely face . 
don`t go looking for things you`ve already found . 
Don`t you talk to me about grammer 
I` allergic to mornings . 
\ Glance in the cut and see my homey Nate \"" 
I hate my phone with fury of a thousand suns . yeah a thousand 
got more than i started with , no complaints 
up way late . feeling good though . 
I`m so excited 
Excitement serves no purpose . 
I got what I wanted , but didn't believe it . Now I have dismantled something I fear I can't fix . Regardless the outcome , I have learned my lesson . Late as usual I guess . 
!! Double Fist Premium Chicken !! 
eat both squares please 
The days not going well so far . Hopefuly it changes . 
Why , oh why did I eat the free icream . It saddens me so . 
I'm charged up , and ready to go 
Hoping to hit the Lab . If not my plan B is awesome per usual . Either way I determined to make today a good one . 
I feel like shit today , yay . 
JAIL BROKE PS3 !!!! What ?!? 
I feel like I should just go for it . Instead of waiting for things to fall into place , like I normaly do . 
You swallow pineapples for donkey rides ! 
Yay ! Girl Giggles ! 
So tired , but i don't want to start tomo just yet . I'm on the edge of a break through . 
Never again , no more smoking . 
Feeling heartsick . At the same time like anything is possible . 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > splints ! Awesome ! 
I go places you can`t get back from . 
I feel like you got something to say , go ahead and say it . I`m not everybody else . 
I geuss I some kind of asshole , lol . 
this is going well , not as nervous this time 
still sick , got dangerously close to passing out . 
My new addiction , Laffy Tunez 
I sould have learned to play an instrument , yep 
Craving a smoke 
Every time I listen to it I feel better about my performance . Excited to hear the next one . 
Careful , its skeetin ' outside ! ROFLOL 
told them i was fire/ thought i was a liar/ till i set them on fire/ put they body on blaze/ im in a haze/ leave them smoldering for days 
perhaps I should drop the cold exterior and let my heat flow ? maybe just maybe ... 
It ain`t a party unless something gets broke , lol . 
Doing the right thing never gets easier 
Feeling a little crushed . 
I'd still respect you in the morning 
It would be nice to win something for a change . 
Backstyle , be on it 
Can't wait for the REMIX ! 
I have to stop getting hurt , this sucks 
People talking to me like I'm dumb , it shouldn't bother me , but it does . There is about a 1 ~ 2% that you are in fact smarter than me . Those are not good odds . 
Everyday I'm alive reaffirms that I am infact a night person . 
I stopped drinking coffee when I was 11 , cause this shit puts me to sleep . Ready for the rest of this day . 
Moms out of surgery . This has been a very long day . 
I will always confirm your status as awesome 
Zombies Ate My Neighbors Movie ? Yes please , and of course the resulting movie game . 
The right thing for the wrong reason is still wrong , right ? 
I believe in the power of love . You turned me into a true fighter for love . Yes you . 
Watching DBZ with < PROPFEMALE > while we pratice our shapes . 
Wasted a beautiful rainy morning at work . Damn . 
Again , stuck at work while a perfectly rainy day is going on . Hope it keeps up til I see my little lady . 
I guess I didnt save a verse i spent hours crafting . Hopefuly I can remember enough to reconstruct it , damn . 
10am comes quickly ... damn 
On fire tonight . I beat < PROPMALE > in pool . 
Thoughts dominated by you , yes you . 
< PROPFEMALE > loves blood oranges ! 
You lampooning me ? You want a punch in the eye guy ? I'll make yor face look like a pie guy . 
For anyone who cares , my phone has passed on , I will resurrect it tomo . Maybe later tonight if I feel like it . 
I am a leader , if they would only listen . 
Gray Days and Long Nights 
I got fire one liners , just have to string enough together , hahaha 
It seems on the days I feel really good , everyone else is in a bad mood . Sorry everyone tomo I will return to being a negative emotion sinkhole . 
Nice guy demeanor , bad boy passion/ style since birth , yeah its my fashion 
hunch , hunch , what , what 
ambien is a helluva drug 
I'm not one for swapping stories , I like to create memories . 
Should I go with the old friends , or stay with the young ones . Any thoughts ? 
Singing Laffy Tunez at work all day , and free styling in between . 
I'm in the hat . 
When I get old , Ima still be in the hat . 
Go ahead , give it a squirt . 
Tolerance needs to go UP . 
Been up 23 hours and not a bit tired . hmph . 
is a sarcastic , yet big hearted , ass 
is a wellspring of knowledge , simply fill your cup . Cups are ¤2.50 , and right by the door when you walk in . 
The best thing about knowing your limits is you can plan accordingly . 
< PROPFEMALE > is making it hail . She must be a baller on a budget . 
The gift of hammer time 
< PROPFIRST > Fasion look alike : No sir your ripped 
Hands up , who else likes rainy Mondays ? 
really , who parks a train at an intersection 
You out for trout ? 
< PROPFEMALE > likes B.o.B more than < PROPFIRST > Fiasco 
New Bubba Sparxxx and She Wants Revenge dropping this year , nice . 
Yeah for being sick 
10 years later , still know the songs and the skits . wow 
Just saw some kids squaring off in they yard . Takes me back to those summers when < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > I used to do the same . Thanks man , really . 
Unraveling the mysteries of self is an amazing thing . 
Gothic rap group ? 
People forget that they are much closer to the bottom than they are to the top . 
Rep Turtleneck & Chain . 
