Awesome New Year . Honestly , the best ever . Drank alot , but not even a little hungover . Thanks baby !! 

Despises her phone . 
Eww ... < PROPFEMALE > ... lol 
Blink 182 in like , TWENTY DAYS !! Sweet . Takin ' the girl with me , it's gonna be dope . 
Only 19 days , and about 20 hours !! 
So , finally done training at Panera , and then I get one day . One damn day . This is really ... annoying . 
AHH !!! WOO !!! I can't talk !! Loved the concert . My head is killing me though . Night all . 
Sweet day , tried some new things . Turned out pretty cool . 
Today , was kinda strange . Good day with Nikkii , work was allright , but then I just got blown off by a good friend of mine ... Whatev , more time with nikkii tomorrow !! 
Annoyed 
Tonight sucked again . More wasted opportunities . 
Completely unsettled and angry as hell . Somebody piss me off , I want a fight . 
Last night I couldn't have slept if my life depended on it . Text me ( 925)752-0294 . I have the feeling , I'm gonna be bored today . 
Pretty good day today . Tomorrow's gonna be very long . 
So today was kind of a let down at the end . Up until four was great , then it was downhill til now . F**K . 
I need a cosigner to get me a newer-ish car . Any takers ? 
So totally right . No takers on the cosigner deal . But ... I was right . c : 
Wow . Screw you guys too , thanks for getting back to me . 
I need : A haircut , laser eye corrective surgery , 2200 dollars , and a better job(or at least learn to budget ) . 
Gonna save up money to buy my Honda civic , then I'm gonna pimp it out . I need $2200 , and my birthday is next month . Guess what I want ? $$$ 
Hey . My texting group has recently shrunk . Send me your number . Or text me at ( 925 ) 752-0294 . Ninetwofivesevenfivetwoohtwoninefour . 
Can't sleep . Watchin Angel . 
Sigh . I hate people . And plans . 
Got a big ' ol check from panera today . $300+ I was expecting $150 , lol . 
? 
I'm hungry . Somebody feed me . N < PROPFEMALE > , you're a jerk , lol . ? 
Disgusting is such an ugly word . Averse is much better . What's done is done . 
Hates it when people try n blame me for shit i didn't do . Gonna be a long ass work week . Hit me up , we can kick it in my limited free time . I'm outtie , lol . 
( 734 ): So he said if we had sex he'd take me to Build A Bear . My virginity is so worth a trip to build a bear . ( 810 ): You're 20 . ( 734 ): IT'S BUILD A BEAR ! textsfromlastnight.com--- Epic . 
( 843 ): the red head has a bf ( 1-843 ): just because there's a goalie doesn't mean u can't score --- words to live by , lol 
( 336 ): walked into a party last night , i saw 3 ex gfs standing in a circle talking to each other ... that's the quickest u-turn i've ever made in my life . ----- That's scary , lol . 
Fuckkk .... My head hurts . I think I'm gonna take some tylenol n crash . Nite all . Hope u had a better nite than me . 
Gimme tattoo ideas for this phrase , \All we have is now . \ " Go . " 
Benched 140 , 7 times today . 2 more reps than last time . Getting better :) 
So , i've had a bombass last couple of days . Love it when my baby's happy . 
So ... I'm sorry , i didn't mean to offend . I didn't realize the results would be this catastrophic . I really am sorry . 
Missin my baby , n severely disliking familial rules . 
New pics of me n my dorky gf . Finally , lol . 
Fuck today . Fuck it . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Comment on this post with how we met . Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends 
Really not lookin forward to work today , wish i culda seen my love . 
Pretty dope ass night . Work sucked but my baby helped me forget all about it , thanks love . 
so ... i dont even know wat to say about today . 
Lovin my excercise program , my new apartment , and my girl . It's been a good day . 
Dope ass nite , work fuckin blew n i gotta get up at eight tomorrow to repeat it , but time with my baby was awesome . 
Been awhile since I updated my Facebook . Oh y'all doin ? 
Almost all my hair's gone and i kindof miss it . 
Finally off work , lookin ' forward to havin ' tomorrow off with my girlie . 
I'm still awake . I really need to get back on a normal sleeping schedule . Oh , and my knife broke :( stupid spring ... 
Got my subs hooked up finally , just need to hide a few wires . And i'm feeling better . 
Anybody looking to buy a car ? 
Hey anybody want a custom built completely dope trunk hit me up . I'm tryin to make a business out of it . 
Anybody know anybody who's hiring ? 
So I just saw a commercial for the new Power Rangers , what the hell happened ? 
SO , how do you guys like my new profile pic ? 
Change your Facebook status to your Debit Card number and PIN , and invite yourfriends to do the same . Until Friday of this week , I hope to see nothing but < PROPFIRST > next to your name . This is to raise awareness of Identity Theft , a great cause\ 
LMAO 
If you could describe me in 1 word what would it be ? 
Inbox me a number 1-143 and I'll tell you what I think about you on my status . No one will know who I'm talkin about because i'ma use ur number . 
So what should my new tattoo be , gimme some ideas . 
So . I'm moving to MO on the 16th . Hit me up to kick it before i go ! 
.. let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth\ 
< PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a\ 
55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , \ 
yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of\ 
... marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ......?? Repost .... 
God , i'm tired , hopefully tomorrow turns out ok . 
I cant sleep , my arm is killin me . 
So , I'm in Missouri , and so far i like it . 
[ poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . \ 
[ like ] this status if I'm a good friend . \ 
[ message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . \ 
[ comment ] on this if we had any great memories . \ 
If you feel brave , Copy this and post it on your status 
Wish me luck on my job hunt , i'm gonnna need it . 
I think people should be happy with what they have in life instead of always craving more . I mean , look around you , there's plenty of people who are worse off . 
Other people need to live their life and not care so much about what other people have to say . 
So I get to say that I've lived through a blizzard , and an ice storm and it was supposedly the worst since 1912 . Go me lol 
