listening to my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > write and sing lyrics to < PROPFEMALE > Montana songs . 

WOW I am Sooo Amazed by my children . They are loving , kind , considerate and generous . ONLY not toward each other . 
Have a wonderful Dad's day ! Longest day of the yaer , 1st official day of summer . YIPPEE ! 
Wow ! I'm home before dark ! Strange being home . I'm surrounded by little people who refer to me as Mom . When did I grow up and how did I get here ? 
Summer ! Yippee ! 
Zenny Zen is begging me not to go to work . He keeps telling me he'll miss me and asks if I'll come home . That little man is so cute ! Oh , it's wonderful having a 3 year old-Especially my little Zenny Zen Zen Zen . 
I am so THANKFUL that my hubby gets to experience the FUN , CHAOTIC , last days of summer vacation with the kiddos . I LOVE GOING TO WORK ! 
Ihad such a great birthday ! I am surrounded by truly AMAZING people ! 
My two eldest boys LIKE to wake up at 5 a.m. om weekdays ! What is wrong with them ? Why am I up ? 
I am officially a Canine Stylist !! YIPPEE ! It's the second day the shop ( Pawsitively Treasured- 180th and Q ) has been open . Off to groom little yippers . 
It is SNOWING outside ! < PROPFEMALE > wanted to take her boots with her ! 
crazy cancun ! Just got back from the beach with Zach and < PROPMALE > . 
Yeah , went to the ocean with the boys this morning . Riding the waves is awesome ! 
There is not ONE moment that goes by that my children don't THANK me for working so hard so we could do this vacation . I have AMAZING children . 
I am SO technolgically UNADVANCED ! and I can't spell ! 
I have a day off work ! 
Kid chaos and fun 
My husband ha a bizarre sense of humor 
Do you think there are chemicals in the Spring Air that manke us feel HAPPY ? Take in big whiff and whats that forming on your face ? Oh- I see it- it's a Big , joyful SMILE ! 
It makes me sad that some people don't live by the < PROPFEMALE > rule- treat others as you would like to be treated . < PROPFEMALE > is real . When you screw others over you only screw yourself tenfold . 
We got a flat and 2 different sets of people pulled over to help . With the first car , < PROPMALE > told him Thanks , we can handle it . Yeah , we don't have a clue how to change a tire . About 5 minutes later , two young guys pulled over to help . Needless to say , < PROPMALE > just let them change the tire for us . We asked what compensation was in Canada for helping us- they said just help someone else out when they need it . SO cool . 
The high in Bighorn meadows is 50 degrees . We're just chillin ' out today ! 
Zen just stole my brussel sprouts . What four year year old likes brussel sprouts ? Is nothing sacred ? 
That's not very \zen\ " to steal food from your mother-perhaps we named him wrong . HUMMM . " 
A man that has touched so many of lives was killed last night in a motorcycle accident . We will all miss < PROPFIRST > Bock . Our thoughts and prayers go out to him , his family and close network of friends . 
YIKES ! My house will feel so LONELY tomarrow ! It is TOO EARLY to go back to school ! 
