ahh its good 2 be back on this side of the mason-dixon line 

ahh summers here ... whoop < PROPFIRST > doo 
Asta la vista ... baby 
dude does anyone besides me think the new transformers wase completly awesome !! 
Cuz im tnt , im dynamite ... oy 
Todays ball game ... Victory ! love it 
saw the blue angels fly today . they rocked !! 
Moms makin apple pie !!! 
I'm sooo sick of rain . 
ive had the worst luck today ... 
needs 2 get a gym membership . 
just got done hittin the bike trails 
is finally ready for college . 
thanks everyone . i actually didnt go on vacation . had to stay home and go to classes 
is at school with a headache . so far today has totally sucked . 
is supposed to be writing a paper on the slave trade in new york city . 
is sick of writing papers . 
I hate it when only one < PROPMALE > of ur ear phones works . its really annoying 
is hungry . 
just furiously typed a 1200 word paper in 1 1/2 hours . 
Mafia wars is strangly addicting . 
I can finally shower in my own house !! 
NY Yankees ... ggrrrrrr . 
status ... umm .. nope , got nothin 
aahhhhhh !!! this is homework driving me crazy 
subway today . i'm thinkin footlong ovenroasted chicken , toasted , with bacon and chipotle sauce :) 
has a cold 
is frustrated with both his teams . 
snow ?? seriously ? 
is feelin kinda sorry for the Titans . 
i swear if i hear one more thing about < PROPFEMALE > goodall or chimpanzees after this week is over i'm gonna go crazy 
wnats to het schoolover with so i can go home and eat pie 
rule #32 Enjoy the little things 
oh great now i gotta read a book on Buddism ... ******* college writing 
anyone willing to make bets on the world series yet ? 
could use some icy/hot on my shoulders 
enjoy it while it lasts yankees ur goin down next season . 
needs a break . 
is having venison for dinner 
talked about suicide in class today ... real positive subject matter :D 
colts r goin down tonight 
belichek u should have punted 
cant wait for thanksgiving break , and an xbox ! 
sooo many papers , make it stop :( 
aarrggg what the heck ... new england looked like a highschool team last night ! < PROPMALE > !?? 2 picks !?? cmon 
2 papers down 1 to go . 
boo ya ! after completing his one week power play of furiously writing papers i am 1 week away from the end of semester with nothing but a couple tests in my way 
as always im gonna wait till the last second to get everyones presents 
ski season is rapidly closing in . if anyone wants me ill be on the slopes all winter . 
almost clinched a 70 yd touchdown pass in madden 
its about time it started sowing 
big final today . just wanna get it over with 
slopes are finally open ! u know where i will b saturday 
could use free gas for a year 
finally got my grdes back and as it turns out i finished with a 4.0 avg ! 
skied a black < PROPFEMALE > today 
ate way too many cookies 
I'll bet that in hell your forced to do squats and deadlifts everyday . 
skiing was awesome saturday . almost 2 ft of fresh powder ! 
everyones gotta watch the e trade videos i posted on my profile . hilarious 
For some reason mid terms always seem worse than finals . 
is PO'd 
nice day ... that i'll be wasting sitting in a classroom all day 
u finally get a breath and then find out u have 2 write another paper < :P 
ok so a guy kills his ex-wife and 2 small kids(the rest is rated R ) and then stabs himself , pulls out both his eyeballs in the name of God ... legally a paranoid scizophrenic ??? uh ya i think so ... apparently not in the state of TX though 
its way 2 warm 
! Estoy contento porque no hay clase de matematicas hoy ! 
just saw a couple peregrine falcons in binghamton 
is sooo tired ... darn you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! 
boo-ya !! 
is pumped cuz they're makin a new predator movie !! 
Got his first ticket and is pleading not guilty 
who wants to go c Repomen this weekend ? 
3 days till spring break 
is on the home stretch of the spring semester . 
is watching Rambo 
is supposed to b writing a bio paper 
watched the Hurt Locker ... good movie 
well ... you gonna pull them pistols or whistle dixi ? 
old people shouldnt drive ... anybody who spends any amount of time on the road should know why 
right b4 the big bird i.d. exam i'm suddenly the best friend of everyone in lab ... interesting 
iron man 2 rocked 
last spanish class of the semester ... FFRRREEEDDOOOMMMM !! 
< PROPFEMALE > needs her own tv so she can watch her retarded movies some where else and so i can play my xbox 
3 killer finals one right after the other ... im gonna need lots of caffine 
knocked out all his finals like < PROPMALE > on crack 
cant get enough HD tv 
bear grylls is coming out w ' a new show ... im pumped 
\nobody makes me bleed my own blood \"" 
drank 320 miligrams of caffine ... energy drinks ... 
broke his finger . 
surfin the web from my new laptop 
hates traffic court 
2 many grad partys+ football/frisbee/volleyball = sore & tired 
anybody remember the miracle on ice ? FIFA 2010 USA v Algeria = miracle on grass ! 
just had a nice juicy medium rare ribeye 
SPARTANS , PREPARE FOR < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
ugh ... school , nothing else 2 say 
i swear professors know when ur going on vacation and give u as much homework as possible b4 then 
so i got some cards from texas and arizona wishing me happy b-day ... i have no clue who these people are , how they would know me , or how they got my address ... one other card is in a language ive never even seen b4 . ??? 
\i consider myself as a one man wolfpack ... \"" 
woot ! A+ on my first paper for the semester . good start 
this weekends gonna b crazy , i can feel it . 
posting a quote you actually come up with is one thing ... but posting lyrics from songs ... slighty retarded . but hey dont mind me thats just my opinion :) 
Bear Grylls is the man 
cant remember my license plate # and my car is all the way across campus 
i would rather spend a whole weekend camping in bear infested woods than spend a day walking through New York city . oh hey wait thats what im doing this weekend ! 
got a job finally 
< PROPFEMALE > johanson is so talented ... :D 
on facebook in math lab . kids thats on the list of things not to do if you want an A 
got a 90 on a test i thought I failed !! 
puttin in 8 hours on black fri . whoopdefreakindoo 
home stretch for this semester . its gonna be rough 
when this semester over its very possible that myself and all my camping gear will disappear for few days 
celtic rock rocks 
rip-off . every school in the county closes today except bcc . 
little angel on shoulder-\must finish papers and study for finals ! \ " little devil on other shoulder -\" gears of war campaign must be finished ! \ " gaahh " 
