finally got internet at her new house . 

thinks the world needs more compassion and less war , and is willing to do something about it . 
finally got her < PROPMALE > changed . Bioengineering , here I come ! 
is , at the moment , frustrated with ASU's way of doing things . 
is done being frustrated with ASU . 
: Bigotry is so overrated . 
is not a pecan . 
sent her baby sister off to her first day of high school this morning . 
finds it odd that the letters Q , X , and W are banned in Turkey . 
: Afghan elections in a couple of days . I am scared . And worried . Very scared . 
is ecstatic about Ramadan . Inshallah , it'll be a good month . 
www.facebook.com/IslamicReliefUSA 
“Purity is half of faith . And Alhamdulillah fills the scales , and subhanAllah and alhamdulillah fill that which is between heaven and earth .... ” ( Muslim ) 
left her wallet on the bus this morning . And almost forgot her biology textbook on the ground after class . It's a ditzy day . 
is in a pretty good mood . It rained on the first night and the last night of Ramadan ... it was a perfect month . 
could use somebody . Someone like you . 
has an A+ in chemistry , but the rest of her grades are pitiful . 
' s hair is getting long . How long ? I'll never tell . 
is hopelessly lost . 
A couple of new posts . www.zahrazebra.blogspot.com 
has to rewrite a lab report . :( 
wants to change her < PROPMALE > from bioengineering to materials engineering . Any thoughts ? 
is on the front < PROPFEMALE > of Muslim Voice . She is just as confused as you are . 
is addicted to Facebook . Please support her as she attempts to quit this week . 
zahrazebra.blogspot.com THREE new posts and not a SINGLE comment ... 
: In a conversation over who's more likely to win a Nobel prize , my mom picked my brother over me . My dad picked me though , and we all know he's the one who knows what he's talking about . 
just activated her new credit card . She's still mad at herself for leaving her wallet on the bus , and even madder at whoever found it and didn't send it to the lost and found . 
doesn't want to write her english paper . 
is writing her english paper . 
wrote her english paper . 
is grateful . 
: According to KTAR , Afghan girls were strictly forbidden from attending school until AFTER the US invasion . So I guess my mom got her BSE from the OTHER Kabul University . * coughcough * 
wishes her stomach could perform endocytosis . Then she could spend less time eating and more time studying . 
prays that she never loses sight of her goals and falls prey to the glitter of materialism , as so many great people have before her . 
got a bug in her eye this morning . A real live bug . In her eye . Early morning jogging for the loss . 
was trying to write a paper about health care reform . How did she find herself reading Walden on Google books ? 
wants a pony . 
is going to apply to the honors college for next semester . Wish me luck !!! 
had the best weekend ever . She will write a blog about it as soon as she does her math homework , studies for her chemistry test , writes her lab report , meets with her advisor , does her english homework , writes her other lab report , goes to a meetng , and eats food . If you read this far , good job , but now it has become incumbent on you to remind her once she forgets . 
is frustrated with acid-base equilibria . 
has been awfully unproductive this weekend . :( All she can be even remotely proud of is the post she made on her blog . 
thinks she's finally got her long term goals figured out . I give it a week till she loses it again . 
: The sign says not to feed the animals , so we sneak to the pond under cover of darkness and feed the geese and ducks . I love my dad ! 
needs to take a nap . 
is daddy's little < PROPFEMALE > . 
is not sick anymore . She hopes things stay that way . 
wants a car . 
' s feet grew . Her shoes did not . Go figure . 
is going to study all weekend . Even still , the chances of her acing this next bio test are very slim . 
must be swift as the coursing river , with all the force of a great typhoon , with all the strength of a raging fire , mysterious as the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
was not alive twenty years ago when the Berlin Wall fell , but she prays she will be there when the Israeli Apartheid Wall comes down . 
misses having an independent study math class . There was no homework , tests didn't really count for a grade , and she could always ask the teacher for one more day . 
Allahu Akbar . 
wants to steal a baby and raise it . They are adorable . 
had 101 friends yesterday . Now she has 100 . Someone's being sneaky ... :) 
was almost late to class today because of < PROPFIRST > Biden . This is not a political statement . It really was his fault . 
watched a frog dissection this morning . It was ... curious . 
will do whatever it takes to fix this . If she only knew where to start ... 
wants you to go to Yogurtini on Sunday , November 22 in between 5 and 9 PM and buy some frozen yogurt . A percentage of the proceeds will go to ASU's chapter of Students for Justice in Palestine . And we all know everybody loves justice , so I'd better see you there ! 
is gonna make it through the end of this semester faster than Sonic the hedgehog . 
is not impressed . < PROPMALE > may have fooled the majority , but these games can't last forever . 
wants to wish everyone Eid Mubarak . Let's not forget our less fortunate brothers and sisters in our prayers . 
doesn't understand Ubuntu . Heck , she doesn't really even understand computers . 
' s brain is full of so many thoughts , but they all tried to come in at the same time and now they're stuck in the door . So , currently , she is thinking about absolutely nothing . 
officially changed her < PROPMALE > to materials engineering and got a free pen while she was at it . 
learned the hard way that relentlessly sticking to the plan is not always the best option . 
is being a < PROPMALE > facebook stalker when she should be studying for finals . FAIL . 
is grateful for everything today and crazy excited for all the possibilities tomorrow will bring . 
is still grateful and still excited . Life's better that way . 
was talking to her sister about metamorphosis and almost said , \It's when a metapod turns into a butterfree . \"" 
needs to write an essay . Ew . 
is wearing the slippers her mother knit . <3 
finished her < PROPMALE > application . Now she is officially done with ASU until next year . :) 
never thought that listening to endless Christmas music and asking people if they'd like to upgrade their drink could be so nostalgic . 
is sick of all these Pokemon . Pretty soon , she's gonna forget what you people actually look like . 
did not earn herself 20 high fives . :( 
likes kicking babies . In the face . 
is taking SLC 194 : Elementary Pashto I next semester . Anyone care to join me ? 
almost cried when Boromir died . Even though this was the fourth time she watched the movie . 
does not currently have phone service . That will explain why I'm not replying to your anything . I apologize . 
| These Turkish delights are , for lack of a better word , oh so delightful . 
was rereading her diary today ... with a pen in hand , so she could fix all the spelling grammar mistakes she made . 
hates Cousins Subs ... but loves Cousins Subs ... 
don't know no < PROPFEMALE > ! 
| Thank you for the birthday wishes , but can we all pretend I'm still 18 ? 
is ready to face this like a man . I am nineteen years old and one step closer to being a \grown up . \"" 
is singing in the rain , just singing in the rain . What a glorious feeling . I'm happy again . 
I had a five year old watch Feynman with me . He was gone within thirty seconds . 
feels like butter scraped over too much bread . 
rearranged the furniture in her room all by herself . What ? That huge scratch on the wall ? That was there when we moved in . 
has < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > pictures all over her desktop . Why , oh why ? 
| It's a beautiful , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > day , and I'm about to brush my teeth . 
bought a kick scooter . Oh yes . She'll be scootin ' around campus like a madman now . 
has a new phone and no contacts . Please help fix that by texting your number to ( 602 ) 515-8983 . 
is getting by . 
doesn't want to send Madina Humkar and Uzayr Humkar's mom back home . 
The nine Ring Wraiths want to fly from Barad-Dur to Rivendell . Rivendell is directly north of Barad-Dur . The Dark Tower reports that the wind is coming from the west at 70 < PROPMALE > per hour . In order to travel in a straight line , the Ring Wraiths decide to head northwest . At what speed should they fly ( omit units) ? 
wants to run away and live in a < PROPMALE > . 
might change her < PROPMALE > , might double < PROPMALE > , might quit school altogether . :) 
is going to eat you . 
procrastinated . 
is doing her calc . 3 webwork . Can someone please explain to her what an orthogonal projection is ? She fell asleep in class the day the professor went over that . 
hasn't replaced her wallet since it got stolen last semester . Does anyone wanna go \wallet shopping\ " with me next week just for the sake of hanging out ? " 
doesn't think she wants to be a doctor . Hm . 
likes this . 
needs a stapler . 
... physics ... 
' s materials professor compared grain growth to corporate mergers . Made my day . 
... math ... and materials science ... you can increase the strength of polyethlene two orders of magnitude just by processing it differently ... Mashallah ... 
DISORIENTED . 
took a practice MCAT today . :/ Biology is not her thing . 
is unbelievably happy . 
\Be impartial to failure and success - this equanimity is called discipline\ " -Bhagavad < PROPFEMALE > " 
| So ... someone at COOR has the same ringtone as me . I was going crazy for a second there . 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz . 
is going to bed at 9:30 for the first time in a long time . Zahra = happy . 
had a dream she lost Shadowfax . She's been paraniod ever since . Keeps glancing at him during class to make sure he's still there . 
:( 
is imagining a world without friction ... 
wants to know if she should take ochem at 7:30 in the morning or at 6:00 PM . 
couldn't live without Zakia Hussaini or Nawida Hussaini . 
| Zmaa mor shkalay dah . <3 
| Math homewooooooooooooooooooork . Maaaaaaaath homework . Sing it with me , it's the math homework song ! 
and her family named the new cat Tor Pisho . Translation : Black Cat . Creative . 
is really really really really really really bored . 
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyy . 
doesn't want to do her homework . Someone please distract her . 
loves when her dad leaves her voicemail . <3 
misses Safa Doost and Sadaf Doost . <3 
is listening to the Afghan national anthem . :/ Ethnic . 
almost lost her favorite hijab pin . :O 
| The guy sitting next to me sneezed , and I just about jumped out of my seat . Oh , please let me go to bed soon . 
Alhamdulillah . 
' s section of Human Event got cancelled for next semester , so now she has to pick another one , but before she does , she wants your opinion . Humanities or Science Focus section ? 
had a lot of fun exploring Hogwarts , I mean < PROPMALE > Library , with < PROPFIRST > Swain today . 
loves deep-fried , sugar-glazed pastries . 
| It's 3/14 . Happy pi day . I could use some pie . 
wants to run away . 
| Guys go to college . Girls go to college and do laundry and dishes . ;) 
| The cat marked my phone with her scent . Does that make it her phone now ? 
is learning how to use Gimp . Fun stuff . 
found a dollar < PROPMALE > in the dryer ! THIS is why I do laundry . ;) 
is writing a paper about bone grafts . And enjoying it . 
| MIT Open Courseware just made my day . :D 
is picking up on that feline beat cuz everything else is obsolete . 
really doesn't want to do her math homework . Who do double integrals think they are anyways ? 
stubbed her toe ... Incoming heal . Jk , I'm Threk ... That's an old joke . Let's see if anyone gets it . 
| \Disputed island lost to the sea : Island claimed by both < PROPFEMALE > and Bangladesh vanishes under rising sea levels . \"" 
| The cat caught her first < PROPFEMALE > this morning . I am proud of her . 
may have hurt Shadowfax's feelings when she almost forgot him at the library on Wednesday and then left him at home on Friday . And that pain in her knee just may be his way of getting revenge . 
... so sleepy ... so much work to do ... ... Caffeine ? ... ... no , I can't ... I won't ... bad memories ... 
gained ten pounds . When did that happen ? 
| So , this physics thing is definitely not my cup of tea . 
was late getting to the bus stop this morning and this afternoon . Alhamdulillah , so was the bus . BOTH TIMES . :) 
| < PROPMALE > Library with Fatema < PROPMALE > , Nahid Hiermandi , < PROPFIRST > Swain , and Qammer < PROPMALE > zubaidi ... Did I get any work done ? What do you think ? 
SJP WALL BARRIER EVENT and CHECKPOINT TOMORROW < PROPMALE > LAWN 10AM-6PM 
Dear face , Can you please not break out every time I have an exam ? Thanks . 
\n = ( number of mer units ) / ( polymer molecule)\ " How am I supposed to divide something by a polymer molecule ? " 
wishes summer was more hijabi-friendly . 
| Oh , the hu-MANATEE ! They're going extinct , you know . 
Bomb blasts in Kandahar ... again . There's gonna be an all out war there soon . Make dua that they don't hurt my grandma . 
keeps getting emails from people in Africa who are diagnosed with cancer and whose next of kin are evil so they want me to inherit their millions because they trust me . All I have to do to get the money is give the guy all of my personal information and a few thousand dollars . 
was watching basketball with her dad . She misread the back of Kobe < PROPMALE>'s jersey as \biryani . \ " Let's just say someone is hungry . " 
| Helium walked into a bar . The bartender said , \We don't serve < PROPMALE > gases here . \ " Helium didn't react . " 
What were you thinking , Arizona , when you decided SB1070 might be a good idea ? 
FAIL . 
| The Pilgrims were illegal immigrants . 
is selling tickets for the Muslim Leaders of Arizona Dinner this Friday . It's going to be a momentous night , so you should be there . 
At least I have my faith . Nothing else matters . 
| And the whole world has to answer right now just to tell you once again .. Who's bad ? 
We are the hungry and the desperate . The tired and the cold . We are the ones who kept quiet and always did what we were told . 
has noticed that the number of snack breaks she takes is inversely proportional to the level of interest she takes in her homework . I'ma gain weight . 
\You have your Pashto final today ? Call me if you have any questions on it . What ? You're not allowed to have your phone out ? Then just text me . \ " I <3 my dad . " 
I HAVE A PIECE OF SHAPE MEMORY ALLOY WIRE . Albeit , a very small piece . 
| Seven pages in and I just don't feel like writing anymore . 
' s brain is fried . Absolutely and completely fried . I think that's called overstudying . 
has her calculus final in two hours . I think it's time for a snack break ! 
My toothpaste is packed to the < PROPMALE > with freshness . Let's hope my brain is packed to the < PROPMALE > with physics . Final number four , here I come ! 
Zakia Hussaini is going to ace her AP US History test for sure . Right now , she's probably done with the multiple choice and starting on the essays . Go Zakia ! 
is but mad north-north-west : when the wind is southerly she knows a hawk from a handsaw . 
stayed up the whole night running on a single can of diet coke . Caffeine , I love you . 
| Volcanoes . 
wants to know where all her soon to be Panther alumni are headed after they graduate . Tell me about your future , kiddos . Joyanna Tiner , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Heivilin , < PROPFIRST > Quach , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ... I'm pretty sure I forgot someone . 
When we were little , Zakia Hussaini , Nawida Hussaini , and I would pretend to be the three Powerpuff Girls . Today , we're the three pieces of the Triforce . 
My cat caught her first hummingbird today . I'm kind of proud of her and kind of disgusted . 
Today is the 30th anniversary of the Mount St. Helens eruption . 
has the best job in the world . She gets to talk and laugh with her mom all day and occasionally has to make a sandwich . 
Let me eat cake . 
There's a < PROPMALE > of Persia movie ? 
Tell me , < PROPFEMALE > . Now when did you last let your heart decide ? 
We are family . I got all my sisters with me . :) 
Cockroach . 
wants to buy a laptop soon . Tell me what's good and what's not . 
was showing her mom some sign language . Mom was making sound effects with the signs . I've gotta say she's the best mom in the universe . We were laughing so hard . <3 
hates when the cold tap gives out warm water and the warm tap gives out cold water . Hates it even more when both of them give warm water . 
Cousins Subs ' new limited time only sub is the Mediterranean Greek Chicken . Lady Redundant Woman strikes again ! 
Happy birthday Zakia Hussaini ! You're the best Zakia a Zahra could ever ask for . <3 
wants to watch The Last Airbender ... 
The die has twenty sides , but I can't seem to roll higher than a five . Probabality fail . 
< PROPFIRST > Copperfield <3 
We've got < PROPMALE > Zahir on the cd player and kabobs in the back . This is gonna be the best road trip ever . 
< PROPFIRST > Dickens is cool . 
What's in a name ? 
likes kicking snakes in the butt . 
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED . Alhamdulillah . 
Valley Metro is cancelling bus route 32 . :'( 
is beautiful . 
got the job ! Alhamdulillah ! 
washed a cat today . 
Three weeks until school starts !!! 
Ramadan Mubarak . 
is taking ochem with Gould this semester . Anyone wanna sell me their book ? 
| I was so hungry tonight I ate a napkin . 
Paperbackswap.com just made my day . I got a hundred dollar textbook for only four !! Mahsallah . :) 
I like big butts and I cannot lie . 
gave Shadowfax a bath . She's excited for the first day of school tomorrow . 
| Children are our best teachers . She doesn't come from a wealthy family ; far from it , in fact . I don't remember how long she was holding those two sticks of gum in her hand , but when she got up to go to the playground , she offered one to her friend and the other to me . 
had an eventful day , but she's finally home , Alhamdulillah . 
Error propagation ... :/ 
is loving electricity and magnetism . 
The ants think I'm delicious . 
Um , double < PROPMALE > with physics and materials engineering ? 
wants to be a Grand Challenge Scholar . 
... yeah 
After\ 
talking to some advisors , I felt sure that I wanted to do concurrent\ 
degress in engineering and physics . Then , I sat down to do my physics\ 
homework and couldn't do a single problem correctly . :/ 
Basement cat left a six inch cut on Zakia Hussaini's neck . Today was her bath day . 
May God bless and bring peace to those affected by 9/11 . May He also bring peace to those affected by justice so frequently , that they've lost count of the days and way they've lost all that makes life worthwhile . 
likes orange juice . 
Physics , yo . 
Nawida Hussaini stole my plastic water bottle and crushed the top in the process . I stole it back , and she tried to snatch it away again . Or did she ? She looked up at me and innocently said , \I was trying to un-crack-a-lack it . \"" 
bite a spider today . Tasty ..... 
Time for beddddddddddd . 
finished the experiment late , broke a graduated cylinder , and accidentally threw away the final product . Ochem lab is gonna take some getting used to . 
has been running on caffeine since some time yesterday morning . I think it's time for a nap . 
loves her cat . 
Oh , dear . 
Physics exam in half an hour ... falling asleep ... can't think straight ... how much caffeine do you think I need to fix this ? 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek while working on her physics lab report . :) 
eats babbies 
The first call that was made with a portable cellular phone was made by Dr. < PROPFIRST > Cooper , who called his rival , < PROPFIRST > Engel , at < PROPFEMALE > Labs . 
Girls ' day . <3 
\Your answer pi/2 \ 
made silly putty . Well , kind of . 
The bus is on time for once . :) 
You teach me , and I'll teach you ... Pokemon ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Alshukri , Marium Warsi , < PROPFEMALE > Woo .... There are too many ways to spell your name . It needs to be standardized , if only for my sake . ;) 
is sick of < PROPMALE > . 
is gonna shoot the next monkey she sees . < PROPMALE > is driving her crazy . 
The textbook for my 200 level class is intended for upper division or first year grad courses . Lovely ... 
is torn . Should she go to the Finkelstein lecture or the Flinn Centennial lecture on Tuesday ? Decide for me ! 
My cousin gets married tonight . I wish I could be there . :( 
' s laptop is in Illinois , on its way to her . :) 
' s physics notebook ran out of pages , so she needs a new one . What color is physics ? 
loves Nawida Hussaini and thinks she's the best person in the world ! <3 
Why can't we see that when we bleed , we bleed the same ? 
\Hello ? \ " \ 
loves grapes .... 
What would I do without my mom ? <3 
is on mini-Facebook on her mini-laptop for the first time . :P 
wants to eat donuts . 
loves people 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek is detrimental to my academic life . 
What's a polite way to tell the couple sitting in front of me on the bus to stop making out ? 
Class is cancelled tomorrow . Time to get ahead on homework ! 
HAS AN A+ IN PHYSICS . 
All I do anymore is school . This better be worth it . ;) 
yes 
There is no message we're receiving . Let me know ; is your heart still beating ? 
MAT 275 and MAT 343 professors ... give me the good , the bad and the ugly . 
The physics department at ASU pwns the materials science department . Just saying . 
can hear at least two people snoring right now . Makes it hard to study ... 
has too many things to do . 
feels like she can fly ... She made it through the hardest part of this week . 
I told my physics professor that I'm going to < PROPMALE > in physics . His reply : \Welcome to the dark side . \"" 
i can has caffeine ? 
I'm starting to regret the three hour break I took from studying organic chemistry , but philosophical conversations at 2 in the morning have their own rewards . 
Went to < PROPMALE > after my ochem exam and fell asleep . Just woke up . I don't know how I feel about this . 
just signed a paper saying that I wouldn't try to overthrow the federal or state government or commit any acts of terrorism against it . The things they make you do to get a job ... 
got a free cookie today ! 
almost poured acne medicine into her contacts case . 
When did they start construction on the new minaret at ICC ? 
What's the solution to a caffeine hangover ? More caffeine ! Yay ! 
Electromagnetic induction is beyond amazing ! Don't you agree ? 
Physics exam in fifteen minutes . I'm excited , but that might just be the caffeine talking . :D 
Aimlessly wandering around a grocery store is such a tween thing to do . 
Physics . <3 
It's just one of those days ... 
I don't know what to say the monkeys won't do . :( 
I just finished my last ochem lab , and now I'm off to the mosque . :) 
Pacing , skipping , hopping , dancing at the bus stop . Anything to keep the cold out . :) 
Homeostasis in biology , < PROPFEMALE > Chatelier's principle in chemistry , and < PROPFEMALE>nz's law in physics are just different statements of the same principle ... cool . 
Half an hour spent wandering through the hallways of the physical sciences building serves as a remarkable stress reliever . 
On my way to ICA . Oh , how I've missed this place . :) 
My materials synthesis class has taught me about graphene , superconductors , biomaterials , liquid crystals ... I must have slept through the part where we actually learned about materials synthesis ... 
HATES how unprofessional and unorganized her materials synthesis class is . 
This is too hard . Can I just quit right now ? 
is loving this honors project . 
Um , yeah ... motivation . I need that . 
feels like poo . 
picked an awfully inconvenient time to get sick . :( 
My computer hp frozen , so now I have to update my status through my phone . How inconvenient . :) 
loves how everything is connected . 
needs to stop getting distracted . 
Zeolites are making my head hurt . But in a good way . 
Zakia Hussaini thinks she's better than < PROPFEMALE > . Can you believe this girl ? 
Zakia Hussaini is a < PROPFEMALE > litter connoisseur . 
loves the Phoenix main library . :) 
Love my dad . So much . 
My brain is broken . 
PHY 252 is full ... I've been stalking the class search website for a couple of weeks now waiting for someone to drop . This is aggravating . :( 
\So please don't ask me how I ended up at my wits end and breaking down ... \"" 
Caffeine suicide . 
Epiphany . :) But I should be studying for my physics final . Or sleeping . Probably sleeping . 
On my way to my physics final ... :D 
Thai food is so good . 
I feel like reviewing calc . two and three , but I don't have a textbook . Anyone know of any good online resources ? 
Hey , don't write yourself off yet . It's only in your head . 
Will you be my compass until forever , until forever ends ? 
Integrals are hard . :( 
I miss Shadowfax . Walking is sooo slow . 
My favorite thing about leaving the city is being able to see the stars . 
I'm twenty . Ew . 
I hate having to write a personal statement . Actually writing the personal statement sucks too . 
My parents are thinking of opening an Afghan fast food once the contract with Cousins ends . What do you think ? 
New desk and chair only cost me $25 and a sandwich . My dad is the best at haggling . 
\The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
I had a dream that I was a duck , and I had a duck friend who was teaching me how to be a duck ( because it was new to me , you see ) . And then we played in the mud and it was the most fun thing in the world . \ 
\ 
I want to be a duck again . 
We spin out of control . Try to recover but collide with each other . 
This isn't fun . All I want to do is learn physics ; why does ASU have to make it so hard ? :( 
First it was Pluto , and now the Zodiac . Astronomers gotta have their hands in everything . :P 
I'M IN ! 
I've never been so excited for lunch . Seven consecutive hours of class wasn't the best way to start the semester . :) 
I am going crazy . But in a good way ? 
Why does this textbook insist that I have a cousin named Throckmorton !? 
I was reading American history and falling asleep , so I started doing math and all of a sudden I'm awake . 
I just realized that I'm running on almost no sleep . I imagine this is how Daffy Duck feels when he realizes he's running on the air past the < PROPMALE > edge . 
Run back inside and risk missing the bus in order to get my water bottle ? Yes . 
Haha , the bus came a few minutes late today . When you're on public transportation , traffic only ever works in your favor . 
Do compliments still count if they come from a middle aged drunk man who is also smoking something that's probably illegal ? 
There's gotta be an easier way to find the inverse of a matrix . 
Jacket , socks , slippers , blanket , parabolic heater ... it's colder in my room than it is outside . 
Somehow , I have the SI version of my mechanics textbook . I don't know what's going to be more frustrating : having to return the book and get the right one or having to use US customary units this semester . 
The cold virus ... is winning . My immune system is putting up a good fight though , I think . I hope . 
What should I be when I grow up ? 
Thinking about the future is stressful . Let's do differential equations instead . Oh wait , those are ... 
I'm rooting for the Packers because their colors match my high school colors ? 
Being sick sucks because it's uncomfortable . Getting better sucks because there's all that homework I didn't do while I was sick . :( 
I am sick of Leonhard Euler . He's everywhere . Really . 
Does flattering your professors improve your grades ? 
hates being recognized as Zubair's little sister . :) 
I have the best math professor ever . Today he compared the chaos that would result from failing to properly define a vector space to the chaos in Egypt . 
I promise I'll never skip another linear algebra class again . Just please , stop this torture . 
I think I'm only gonna be able to sleep every other night this semester . Or improve my time management skills . The former is orders of magnitude more likely than the latter . 
We got a shipment of < PROPFEMALE > lattice models at work today . We're getting dislocation models next week . I'm so excited . 
Confession : Sometimes I lie and cross things off of my to-do list just to make myself feel good . 
\Nature has a simplicity and therefore a great beauty . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Feynman " 
If you're given the determinant of two matrices A and B , what is the determinant of their sum det(A+B) ? 
This morning my alarm went off to wake me up , but I hadn't gone to sleep yet . The poor alarm clock must feel so silly . 
I'm thinking of a word . It's like ambidextrous , but for your feet . Is there even a word for that ? 
Math is beautiful . And fun . Now I regret sleeping through my last two semesters of calculus . 
I think my laptop is dying . 
Everything seems to be going just fine ... until you get negative time . 
I have one of the best dads in the world . No doubt . 
This semester , I think I bit off more than I can chew . Or maybe I just need to start chewing with more vigor . 
I want to be everything when I grow up . 
Sometimes I wish I lived in a library . 
It's starting to feel real . I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > this summer . 
Shadowfax and I weaving between people on the crowded thoroughfare ... mad fun . 
This is why I love physics . That exam was actually fun . 
Nawida Hussaini and < PROPFEMALE > Marwa Maleh made today a great day . <3 
Today's going to be a good day . I can feel it in my bones ... Okay , maybe not the second part . 
My math methods quiz got the best of me , but I got the best of my linear algebra quiz . Math and I are even ... for now . 
Time conflict between materials microstructure class and quantum physics . I'm gonna die . Or kill something . :( 
I'm thissss close to being done with my Indian visa application . :) 
I'm standing on one leg . 
When I'm the only one on the bus , I pretend the bus driver is my personal chauffer driving me around town . 
Seven grueling hours of working on this project felt like torture , but I saw a cat as I was leaving < PROPMALE > . That makes it all worth it . 
i can has nap ? 
I accidentally stole a textbook from my professor . 
Swinging my bus pass around on its lanyard : conservation of angular momentum but not really ( air resistance ) This is what I think about bored at the bus stop :/ 
Shadowfax doesn't like the wind , and what he doesn't like , I don't like . 
eye-boo-pro-fin ... 
You can't take the arcsine of three million , can you ? :( 
Nafas : First General Body Meeting today at 5pm ! Come if you want to learn more about the humanitarian issues in Afghanistan and ways you can get involved . :) 
A take home quiz due on the day of our exam ? It's almost like you're asking me not to study for the exam . 
Zubair Hussaini had surgery on his knee today . I can't wait till he gets better , so I can have my dancing < PROPMALE > back . 
Shadowfax and I were out of the house for 15 minutes , and we saw two almost accidents and one actual accident . Just one more reason driving stinks . 
Being responsible is so hard . 
Sitting under a tree , listening to the birds , studying thermodynamics ... It's been a peaceful evening . 
It's too cloudy for stargazing tonight . :( 
Wait , I have to integrate this by parts three times ? What a convenient time for a study break . 
Fourier series are cool . What's not cool is that the word \Fourier\ " isn't pre-programmed into t9 . " 
Eat . Sleep . Math . 
Laptop won't start up , so I try to run System Restore , and get the message , \No restore points have been created on your system's drive . \ " :( So what do I do now ? " 
Okay , who here knows anything about Ubuntu ? Or Windows 7 ? Or computers in general ? All I want to do is get my files off of a netbook that won't boot before I reinstall Windows 7 . Except I don't know what I'm doing anymore . 
:D 
Come join us today at 4 for Nafas : Second General Body Meeting ! Marzia Basel will be speaking to us . During Taliban rule in Afghanistan , she ran an underground school for young girls . And that's pretty awesome . 
Zahra and Shadowfax : Accident free for two hours 
Instead of taking notes , I write down funny things my professor says . 
Looking for pictures of Kandahar . All I get are pictures of soldiers . I miss my family . 
Fourier series blow my mind . 
How long does it take to write a twenty < PROPFEMALE > paper ? 
I can't do this ... 
Foot-pounds per second ... really ? 
I'm starting to run out of pens . A career fair needs to happen . Soon . 
Spent two hours working on a problem . It turns out I made a sign error . 
Just one more week . I'm not ready for this . 
is enjoying a well-deserved lazy Sunday . 
Lazy Sunday spilled into Monday . 
Put cat food outside for the stray cats . There's a grackle that keeps flying down and taking some . 
Was Italy fascist when it invaded Ethiopia ? 
Who does graphic design for free ? 
Chocolate Cheerios : officially a Hussaini family obsession 
I'm so ready to go into hibernation for the ... dang it . 
I want to disappear . 
Human Rights Poetry Night tonight ! Food and fun !! :) 
And she's gone ... 
Mom made it safely to Kandahar . <3 
Nawida Hussaini : You're just jealous of my inventfulness ! \ 
Me : You're very inventful with words too . \ 
<3 
I got my passport ( with Indian visa ! ) back in the mail today . I don't know if that makes up for doing terribly on a test and getting into two scooter accidents . 
Went to a linear algebra review , had lunch with my boss and co-workers , visited an old professor , took a nap , and didn't clean my room . A very relaxing day . :) 
So ... I'm kinda sorta very excited for my math methods and linear algebra finals . 
