I finally submitted and made one out of sheer boredom . Hooray , boredom ! 

I just lost The Game . 
So , no longer jailbait . Not gonna lie , it kinda depresses me . 
Is excited because he just saw a commercial saying \The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo\ " will be on DVD Tuesday ! Awesome ! " 
Have had the old Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon theme stuck in my head since I got up . Don't know why . Then it led to me losing The Game . Heroes in a half-shell , TURTLE POWER ! 
8:15 on a Saturday night , and I'm at home , on Facebook and watching \The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo\ " on dvd . I think it's a pretty good way to spend an evening . " 
I love watching Kids ' Jeopardy . It makes me feel really , really smart . 
The day society decides eating bacon with your fingers is impolite is the day < PROPFEMALE > dies . 
Just got Optimus Prime as part of an answer on Jeopardy . Words cannot begin to express the awesome . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars , and it just occurred to me that Jabba the Hutt , covered in Chewbacca's fur would probably make a pretty fantastic pillow . 
Had a dream involving a soccer game , a bunch of people from < PROPFIRST > , and chocolate cake with vanilla frosting . The other team cheated , and the cake was good . 
A hero doesn't care if you're a bunch of scary , alcoholic bums ! \ 
EVERYBODY ! 
The person who came up with Grab'n'Go needs a statue . Nothing gaudy , just something to show our appreciation . 
Tomorrow's Friday and I only have an oral exam that will take about five minutes , < PROPFIRST > just made me incredibly proud , and I have the room to myself for the weekend . If only Bones were on instead of stinkin ' baseball , this would be perfect . 
Last week of classes , alright ! 
Last day of UC 115 tomorrow ! So glad it's over . 
Just sat and ate an entire pint of mint chocolate-chip ice-cream . Life is good . 
Just got done with Thanksgiving dinner . You are all jealous , and < PROPFIRST > Burtt is the best RA ever . 
Finals : one down , one to go . 
Is about to start a project due at 8:00 in the morning . Wish me luck . 
Done with finals , packed up and ready to go home ... fall quarter is over . 
Just realized his first full-fledged all-nighter in college was not for the sake of some project , paper , test , or party , but instead just because he wanted breakfast on his last day on campus . Not quite sure how I should feel about that . 
Watching a 2-year old try to steal his mother's double-baconator . Ha . 
How the hell does my dad get multiple Trojans in SOLITAIRE !? 
Am I a terrible person for thinking it's hilarious that a two year old is terrified of Judge Doom from Who Framed < PROPMALE > Rabbit ? 
Is depressed because I just found out the Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers Megazord I was considering buying is based on the crappy remake , and the original one that I want is $310 , and the torrent I have to download Power Rangers isn't working . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th , and be surrounded by only our best childhood memories . Join in the fight against child abuse and copy/paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Really needs to stop putting off writing his papers . Still have till 2 on Thursday to finish it , but not really sure what to write it about . Let's just hope my BS is up to snuff . 
What kind of guy knocks a girl up without even Googling her ? 
