I didn't surrender , but they took my horse and made him surrender . He's pulling their wagons now . 

wonders why so many celebreties are dying all of a sudden . Also wondering how the word celebrity is correctly spelled in a plural form . 
my singing is like a train being driven by a 6 year old on a sugar rush from a Red Bull , at first the ride is fairly smooth with a few bumps , but the kid takes a swig and the train goes shooting off the tracks !! Carreening right into the station and murde 
Was emotionally torn up by Drag Me to Hell , even amidst it's campy thrills . 
his laptop is going to be gone for a week or two , needs some repairs and nobody knows why . Good news , still under warranty , I don't pay < PROPFIRST > for it ! 
OOOO ! Could I get a student < PROPFEMALE > ?? I want to ride them around like a pony !! 
Why is it that it always getting later and later yet sometimes it's earlier ? 
got his laptop back , though I don't think anybody would care . Oh well , I share what I want to share and while I'm at it , the imaginary dog monkey thing told me to burn down a < PROPMALE > . 
wishes he had Deadpool as a best friend , without the < PROPMALE > of being stabbed , shot , blown up by a grenade or being pummeled to death . 
is watching Batman : The Animated Series . He wanted to share that for his need to feel important in the world . 
thinks he may be very callous and doesn't really care . 
has registered for school and really , really hates the registration website but oh well , got my classes ! Now let the knowledge fill my brain and give me the unearthly powers ! I shall rule you pitiful mortals ! MWAhahahaha ! 
is stuck on planet < PROPMALE > . Now kneel before Zod ! 
has vile hatred towards downtown < PROPMALE > . 
\Die you #@$# Clowns ! You deserve nothing less than a blood-spurting-hanky-hiding-up-your-sleeve-big-footed ass kicking ! How dare you bring joy and laughter to the smiling faces of children everywhere ! Purveyors of hope and all that is pure in this world ! DIE DIE DIE !! \ " -Deadpool " 
G.I. < PROPFIRST > , G.I. < PROPFIRST > , goes in his pants and nobody knows ! ( I'm expecting someone to comment on this with \knowing is half that battle\ " because that's way too predictable ) " 
Yo tengo muy caliente queso in mi pantalones . 
saw District 9 today , most worthy of your time and money , ifn you want to see a good sci-fi flick . It's a cross between < PROPFIRST>'s Run and The Fly while taking place in a slum filled with aliens . 
started school today and has a good feeling about it . 
is writing a rough draft to a short story . If all goes well , I just might post it on here and listen to yall's criticism . 
\I don't mean to embarass you but I know a brilliant surgeon that could help you with that hump . \ " \ " What hump ? \"" 
going to go see Inglorious Basterds today , wants his god damn nazi scalps . 
faster , stronger , dumber and the most random words that jumped into my brain . 
is popular in a number of state instituitions . 
HEY !! There's no fighting in the war room ! 
just finished castrating < PROPMALE > Kong . 
just had a philosophical epiphany , \Aren't words basically brain poop ? \"" 
URGENT !! Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly 
asks you , who be bold enough to stare yourself in the eye ? and say these words , \Huggbees\ " and see if you don't giggle a little . " 
if you can dream big , then you can accomplish great things . Oookay , but what about having dreams soooo freakin huge that your brain gets exhausted and burned out ?? Also , you know one man's dreams are another man's nightmares ?? What does that mean ?? 
wants to start a petition where we change the ' N ' in Niagra Falls into a ' V ' . Who's with me ? 
Posted a pantoum , or rather a series of pantoums that I worked on for class . A pantoum is a specific writing style of poetry and you should check it out . 
watching Kung Fu Hustle , a glorious experience of Looney Toons and Kung Fu meeting in a wonderful slapstick explosion of greatness . 
forgot how dark , intense and wonderful The Crow is , well now he's realizing it all over again . 
is watching the frightful flick , Nightmare Before Christmas after carving and mutilating his debauched pumpkins , with a sadistic delight might I add . Now , for your blood curdiling pleasure , I've posted my most gruesome menagerie of nightmarish hellspawns under ' halloween 09 , three jacks ' . Have a good night and gruesome nightmares ! 
got a job today , albeit it's a seasonal job but hey ! better than nothing . 
watching Spidey and Doc Ock duke it out ontop of an el train . Wrangle up them tentacles webbed wonder . 
is hoping that his hard work will pay off as the road ahead of him seems tougher and longer . 
greaaaaaaat , facebook has changed , again . Sigh , when will it stop screwing with us ? 
Where in the world is < PROPFIRST > Sandiego ? No seriously , where is she ? 
operation code name : Blue Mongoose . 
my love is vengeance , that's never free . 
no one knows what it's like to feel these feelings like I do and I blame you ! no one bites back as hard on their anger none of my pain and woe can show through . 
Nothing is true . Everything is permitted . 
Well hello mr. fancy pants . I got news for you pal . Only thing your leading is < PROPFIRST > and shit . < PROPFIRST > left town . 
would like to thank all who wished him a happy birthday and now knows who his real friends are , shame on you who didn't say a thing . 
Saw Kick Ass yesterday , lived up to it's name and one of the few times I'll say that the movie was better than the book . 
fuck you Mr. Binkey !! 
The Force is my ally and a powerful ally it is . 
I don't want to die ! I want to be alive ........... or a cowboy . 
We got a message for the Action man , I'm happy , hope you're happy too . 
What is reality , really ? 
And where we had thought to find an abomination , we shall find a god ; where we had thought to travel outward ; we shall come to the center of our own existence ; where we had thought to be alone , we shall be with all the world . \ 
-\The Hero with a Thousand Faces\ " by < PROPFIRST > Campbell " 
I hate you and the bands you like ! 
My soul sings , even amongst my turmoil . 
Some days you eat the bar , n ' some days , the bar eats you . 
noise pollution , one of the most retarded concepts I've ever heard . 
Did i get shot or shoot myself ? 
Mehhhhhh , random and pointless status complete . 
We make our heaven and hell inside of us 
To ever achieve any sense of < PROPFEMALE > , we must learn to be selfish in our selflessness and selfless in our selfishness . That way we complete the cycle of renewal and energy within ourselves . 
has no Halloween costume or plans and would be very appreciative if someone would hit him up for a good time . Did that come out wrong ? 
well this halloween certainly sucked . 
Where is my song ? Where is my song , I need your breath in my lungs tonight . Sing it out , sing it out , take what is left of me and make it a < PROPFEMALE > . Take what's left of me . 
Oh yeah , got a flat tire here on I-35 near Buda and watching semi's drive by ........... I could so die out here if one idiot swerved off ....... I'm hungy , I want some tacos 
It seems that right and wrong rely more on probability , rather than being right or wrong . 
Watching Iron Man 2 ...... wow , this movie is boring , to me anyway . 
Noticed that when he sneezes during a test , nobody notices . When the teacher sneezes , alot of people say \bless you . \ " .......... brown nosers . " 
can't wait until Thanksgiving break , going to Amarillo all by himself and possibly detouring into Lubbock on saturday , possibly . 
Good luck to you Black Friday shoppers , try not to get trampled to death , seriously . 
just got home , glad to be consdering the huge ass wreck he saw on the way home , complete with a dead body . Which he only saw after uttering the phrase \Hope nobody got hurt . \ " * slap to the forehead * " 
logic does not dictate what is right and wrong , it simply serves to express it . 
is wondering what's next in life . 
Just remembered he's off tommorow on wednesday , anybody have any plans that they wouldn't mind letting me tag along ? 
social rejection , so much fun . these two months are going to be long until school starts up again . sigh , okay , time to < PROPFEMALE > in there . 
today is so much better , I kicked my ass in a 2hour workout at the YMCA and now unwinding at epoch , going to catch up on some books I've shelved because of school . Too bad I have to work tommorow at 8 in the freakin morning , ah well , life is still good . 
Wonders if there are any christmas day parties that someone would like to invite him to . 
Had a decent Christmas , got a $200 gift card , which I've spent on a Beatles Rockband Set annnnnnnnnnd Rockband 3 , great social games for parties or get togethers , hint hint friends who could invite me to parties . 
I'm working only two days next week ...... only two days ....... I think it's time to look for another job , anybody in the < PROPFIRST > area care to help me out in any way ? 
The chosen one learned an important lesson about iron claws that day ........ they hurt like crap !! 
Do without attachment the work you have to do .... surrendering all action to me 
Do without attachment the work you have to do .... surrendering all action to Me , with mind intent on the Self , freeing yourself from longing and selfishness , fight-unperturbed by grief . -Ibid ., 3:19 and 3:30 
Funny how tough life can be in over two days , right before school . 
Take me down to the paradise city where the girls are green and the grass is pretty ...... wait , something wrong happeneded . 
Is low on cash and just drank two ketchup packets for a snack during break ......... life is interesting 
Why am I having that feeling that almost everyone has lived more than I have in their lifetime and that I'm odd for being so envious ? Being human is a wonderous , joyous and terrifying experiment within the realm of living . 
is in the middle of japanese homework . 
What is the most resilient parasite ? Bacteria ? A virus ? An intestinal worm ? An idea . Resilient ... highly contagious . Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it's almost impossible to eradicate . An idea that is fully formed - fully understood - that sticks ; right in there somewhere . 
got his car back today , oh so feeling much better . 
When life hands you lemons , blarg it in the honk ! 
i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But , i want you to lie . That's right . Just make shit up . After you comment , copy this to your status so i can do the same . 
oh life , you are a strange , wonderous creature . 
Is having a bad week and would appreciate any encouragement to help him out of his emotional withdraw . 
Is the earth bleeding out white blood cells ? 
my mom is watching the ' Jersey Shore ' marathon , I find this very disturbing 
Saw alot of headless bunnies today 
It's superbowl sunday today ? Who's even playing ? Like I'll even watch the game but still , I question my Americanism . 
There are too few adults that are over the age of 30 . 
I swear to friggin God that I'm going through some belated stage of adolescents and puberty ! I ate 3 frikin 9oz . Steaks last night , 2 huge spinach salads , a scoop protein shake with 31grams of protein and half a bag of beef jerky . This morning , a can of V8 , the rest of the beef jerky , 62 grams ( 2 scoops ) of protein shake and 2 boiled eggs . Holy crap , I'm physically 17 and yet I'm 23 ! 
Well the job search isn't going so well , I'd appreciate any help if anybody knows any opportunities out in < PROPFIRST > . 
I miss doing yoga , siggggggggggghhh . Soon , very soon . 
was talking to a guy from a multi-level marketing , sounds promising and too good to be true . That's the problem and my life hasn't been giving me many opportunities lately and I need some good income ............. having a difficult time with this . 
learned something today , listening to ' Holy Diver ' by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dio , then < PROPFEMALE > while pumping weights after a wonderful night of tough yoga equals one hell of a great morning . 
If people were truly intelligent , they'd be stealing books , not something worthless and expensive . 
has anyone ever listened to ' Maxwells Silver Hammer ' by The Beatles ? it's like the happiest song by a homocide psycho ever . Which is wrong in all of the right ways . 
you can't spell assassin without sin , but you get twice the ass ! 
earned $ 12,178 last year from work , yet I only get $80 back on tax refund ............ totally fair . 
I'll take those long nights , impossible odds . Keeping my eyes on the keyhole . If it takes all that to be just what I am , Well I'm gonna be a blue collar man !!! 
is it weird that during sunday night , I felt growing pains in my body ???? I mean , I'm 23 and I was feeling growing pains , which I haven't had in years . Delayed puberty much ?? 
Anybody want to join me for a Kirtan on friday night ? 
SHORUYUKEN ! 
had a great day , worked from 9am to 3pm , got paid today , got some awesome metal signs from work during a 50% off sale on metal decor with my employee discount , had a great workout afterwards , now eating at whole foods . My dinner is salmon with a side of sweet chili tofu , green beans and sweet mashed potatoes . Afterwards I'll be attending a kirtan tonight . 
Just saw Boba Fett begging for money . Only in < PROPFIRST > . 
You know what would be an interesting fight : The Incredible Hulk vs . The Jolly Green Giant . 
had an amazing night last night with an amazing friend ( the gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > Rymkus ) at an amazing concert with an amazing band . Also wants to use the words amazing today . 
Just kicked my ass today , went to a yoga class and tae kwon do class afterwards . I'm sore but oh so happy . 
Ground control to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Has a job interview tommorow at 10am with Office Depot , then off to work at Hobby Lobby from 11 to 5pm . Interesting day indeed . 
