needs prayers and help .. 

feels helpless at this new set of circumstances ... please pray 
loves laying out under the stars 
well i guess its time to sleep busy day tomorrow . 
is praying for a friend and hopes she finds what she is looking for 
cant sleep 
is worried !!!!! 
is hmmm what to say :) sitting here in a room full of girls 
< PROPFIRST > is saddened by what was done to his status ... thats the best they got 
hates the fact that he's been up since 5am and wishes his eyes would stop burning . whos all in cville today ? 
< PROPFIRST > hates the sleepiness benidryl causes 
has the worst stomach virus of his life .... anyone know something to help .... or that can stay down ... or doesnt taste bad coming up ? 
just woke up and is less exhausted then the day before 
wohoo ... ive got a place to live .... yeah 
doesnt know what he wants to do today but knows that he needs to relax 
yay going to be in cville today moving stuff in .... if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight text me 
loves him some cucumbers on a sandwich 
time to get up ... have laurens < PROPMALE > fixed ... and then go to work until 11 . great day huh ? 
is offline until tomorrow have fun everyone 
doesnt know what to do 
is happy to finally be moved in to his new house 
on campus ... what to do today ? 
didnt log off 
< PROPFIRST > is very sry that saying i didnt log off is all < PROPFIRST > could say 
yay for peoples being on campus 
first day of classes and tigernet is down ... yay 
just got a call ... yay ... its running .... for now 
just made my first batch of potato soup and its delicious .... come get some 
occasionally enjoys facebook stalking people . 
not true real stalking is better 
wishes he could help more 
< PROPFIRST > is glad to have gotten in touch with an old friend ... iver missed them 
goimg to lville to get pay check ... yay !!!!... ugh !!! 
Baked spaghetti .... enough said 
is hurting and really needs someone to talk to 
pumpkin seeds 
New < PROPFEMALE > was awesome !!!! 
stupid car isnt working so im stuck in cville this weekend and i dont have anything to do .... and im not getting paid ..... grrrrrr 
has his computer back with windows 7 ultimate and so much more 
has realized losing papers to accidental deletion is a horrible thing to happen 
Happy Christmas 
had a lot of fun yesterday 
is back online 
That I was all alone in my austere kitchen , syaring out the window into the little patch of night sky , at the three bright stars I could see through it . 
Today I bury my grandmother , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Burgin , age 72 . She is the reason I'm where I am today and who I am today . She will be missed greatly and will always be remembered . Grandma I love you . 
not a fan of new facebook 
loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
When did family stop caring about the feelings of other family members . Especially when there has been a death . The world is so corrupt and selfish . When we can put a price tag on those we love and say that its all about the money , then there is no actual love in us . 
has taken his final and is done with his first 8 weeks class 
eating some home made chili 
finished my taxes 
well im off to another viewing and funeral this weekend ... sigh ... 
laurens all sickly :( 
my chats not working ? 
cant find his sd card 
I hate weekends 
has decided that 7 in the morning is a horrible time and it should not be seen by any individual 
Working on matboard 
not having a good morning 
wohoo todays the day 
546 dollars from taxes appeared today in the bank acount .... surprises like that are amazing 
needs a tie 
cinnimon toast crunch , teaches me cannabalism . 
Is done with his paper ... finally .... stupid small font 
is exhausted . my work sleep schedule and my school sleep schedule do not agree 
so far registered at walmat and bed bath and beyond go online and look at the stuff i want u all to buy me 
Lovely Bones .... Rent It ..... Watch it .... NOW !!!!!!! 
does not want to go to work today , its just so pretty outside 
has to be at work at 2pm ... its 3am right now and he is just now able to start to relax and go to sleep .... some people can be very selfish 
My back is killing me . Think I pulled a muscle at work . Plans for the day canceled 
Car is in garage wohoo 
Not only is car in garage but they will have it for a week ... Wohoo ... So I'm carless for a week . Oh the joy . Oh the fun 
Had a good night and a good morning . Hopefully will have a good day at work 
At work 6 hours to go 
At work 4 hrs left 
Woke up this morning with a kitten on my back . Don't know where kitten came from , or who put kitten on my bed ? But I has a kitten !!!!! 
Just hacked my pc with my iPod . Good things will happen 
Feels like he just threw up his lung . Stupid ulcers ! 
when as christians did we start telling people they are going to hell and that is the only contact we have with people . yes tell people that what they are doing is wrong but then love them no matter what . I mean when did Christians lose that love aspect ? 
Woke up by < PROPFIRST > hitting me in the testicles then having my mom cut my finger open to let an infection out . Great morning !!! Going to Newport aquarium !!!!!!! Wohoooo !!!!! 
I'm all anxious and eager to get the lease for new house . Going to take pics Sunday . Decide on paint colors Monday and Tuesday . Paint Wednesday and Thursday . And move in the following Sunday !!!!! 
im finaly tired , time to let my brain stew over all my ideas 
is almost all packed up ... moving day is sunday wohooooo 
Painting new house woooooooooooooooo 
two days of painting from 8am till 10pm straight ... house is looking better .... hallway and bathroom left .... getting up at 8am to paint then home by 4 then work from 5pm till 3am tomorrow is going to be fun ughhhhh 
Exhausted can barely keep eyes open ... But have to work till three ... pray we can get off early 
first night moved into my new house was very relaxful but i have to work from 4-12 today 12-8 tomorrow then back in good ol cville tuesday night thru friday morning 
cant decide what to cook thinking about a garlic butter vegi stir-fry with noodles 
fixing spaghetti for < PROPMALE > and his wife tomorrow ..... wohooo :) 
I hate work on fridays . Some people just make this job horrible 
if my brothers cat doesn't stop its incessant meowing i will feed it to my dog 
without a phone for awhile if u need me , message me on here or text me at 502 354 2308 
scratch what i said about not having a phone for awhile ... i found a replacment 
Has interwebs !!! 
Stuck in Cville . Car is pouring out coolant faster then I can pour it in . Oh the joys of having a car ! 
Storming so bad !!!! :D 
Wishes he could scan so he could get tattoo images online 
Head hurts so goodnight my friends . 
Can't sleep and my headache I getting worse . Ugh . Also feeling kinda confused and lost ... is this normal ? 
Can't sleep and my headache is getting worse . Also feeling lost and confused ... is this normal ? 
Wishes the night was over ! 
Just got netflix !!!! 
wohoo giveaway at CCC !!! got a coffee table , a phone , a bike , and a crock-pot !!!! 
Steak and twice baked potatoes ........ Mmmmmmmmm 
Why do I feel so tired at 1 ? 
Making coffee flavored homemade ice-cream for my baby 
made pancakes for my baby this morning :) 
< PROPFIRST > fixen me lasagna tonight mmmmmmm :) 
woke up at 7 and did some dishes . Why i did this ? I have no idea . Trying to go back to sleep now . Goodnight world ! 
on vacation this weekend woot ! 
good morning world ! ( And some people say that my only comments on here are about food ) now time for breakfast lol :) 
got big fish tank up and running wohoo !!!! 
Feeling sick . Ugh hopefully I'll be better by tonight 
tired so tired ... i blame netflix 
Good morning world !! 
ugh ! allergies and sinus infection . Today is not going to be fun . 
applying for jobs during the week ... pray that God provides me with one 
By order of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > I am to stay in bed all day ... Today is going to be horrible . 
Made some soup . I feel a little better but not to much :( 
going in for an interview at 10:25 am pray for me peoples 
well ladies and gents I has a new job !!!!!! ANd Im keeping my old one as well .... I is going to be busy :) 
1st day at new job is amazing 
Happy 7 years to my baby 
Misses his late night friends 
I has a < PROPFEMALE > 
well off to work i go order some pizza for lunch ppls 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > her tail for a few minutes . :) 
Having microwaved pizza and ski for thxgiving . U know ur jealous :( 
its snowing everywhere but here :( 
Gettin married in 5 days ... Wohoooo !!!! 
Ok this seems interesting . Send me a random number in my inbox and I'll say something about u on my status ....... Get ready get set GO !!!!!! 
15 : I love u bunches . And u need to finish ur test . 
7813 : honestly , from what I've seen of you , you are an amazing person . I would love to < PROPFEMALE > out with you more . Txt me sometime . 
24 : the few times we have < PROPMALE > out have been interesting . Once everything settles down maybe we should play some more games . 
29 : I never get to see or talk to u as much as I would like to . I wish I could visit more or maybe u should come around more . Btw I will steal ur couch . 
So I'm married ... wohooo ? 
So I'm married .... woohoo ! 
honeymoon pics going online soon ... im on a boat ! ( a pirate boat ) arghhh 
so i come home from my honeymoon and my hot water pipes are frozen somewhere .... landlords coming tomorrow :( 
So my car is stuck in the snow and I've lost my voice . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Lol 
woke up this morning to < PROPFIRST > screaming oh no ! to ten doggy landmines all over the living room 
is moving furniture around ! 
so what do u do when a bomb is dropped in your lap . Do you take it and try to deal with it or do you throw it back at the person that dropped it there ? 
Me-\Lauren do you know how to make a grilled cheese ? \ " \ 
Been throwing up all day . Today sucks . Couldn't go to work ... ugh I really needed those hours . :( 
Hasn't been able to keep anything down for 2 days .... Ugh 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . However , to be eligible , you must repost this status , offering the same thing to 5 other people . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
im praying for a dear friend . Someone who is going through a rough time . You know who you are . Know that I am with you and that you are loved ! 
is watching A-Team season 1 , playing WoW , and making chili ! yay for multi-tasking !!!! 
Praying that a friends social situation works out and that God shows them exactly what needs to be done to solve it peaceably . :) 
My phones dead and we have no clue as to where laurens phone is . So if u need to get in touch with us msg me on my ipod 
yay for sinus infection 
for lunch : grilled balsamic mint pork-chops and candied potatoes 
wishes this awful cough would go away 
Hey I just applied to work at a psychiatry treatment facility pray I get the Job 
so tired from working and not sleeping because < PROPFIRST > was in the emergency room 
just did my taxes ... refunds wohoo !!!! 
wohoo dish guy is here !!!!! we gettin tv 
just got done grinding my own hamburger meat from angus beef . the burgers were the best ive ever had ... lauren agrees 
wants to thank everyone for the well wishes and the reminder that im getting old :) 
< PROPFIRST > wishes she had the clapper because shes too lazy to walk two steps to turn off a light 
At this moment I have a Mohawk ... 
yay i have a vacuum hose leak wohoo 
The HD on < PROPFIRST>'s MacBook went kaput . Pray that we get all of her stuff redone this weekend . 
It's 4:06 am and I can't sleep . Have to be up at 8 to get money that was taken out of my bank account , wrongfully , back . Oh the joy :) 
My stomach is so upset 
making Arancini for dinner for < PROPFIRST > and me .... mmmmmm classic italian 
