Got my first tattoo yesterday and I already want another one !! :-) 

I just got all the wall paper off the wall finally . going to paint some today . wish it was a better day , never was one for fathers day 
Don't let them tell you your not beautiful ...... 
Blah ... Blah .. Blah ... 
I can not be held responsible for things said at 5:00 in the morning . 
There is a time for work . And a time for love . That leaves no other time ..... 
hoping today will be the start of things getting better !!!!! 
you realize who your real friends are when bad things happen ... 
Things are finally starting to look better ... 
Things are lookin up !!! 
I hate stupid bitches . sometimes life sucks , you move on and eventually things get better . 
If you could change one thing about the world what would it be ? 
I got to know some really kick ass people this weekend , can't wait to visit them in Seattle . Also if anyone is invited to the \Ghost House\ " BEWARE !!!!!! " 
Also Rhasta is looking for a new home , if anyone is interested she's back with me !!!! 
Is pumped , just booked tickets to Seattle for December !!!!!!!! Can't wait to see everyone !!!!! 
I just hope this drama goes away , cause it's really hard not to be happy right now !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , one that I just don't have !!!! 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
It's so good to be home ! I missed Ike !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for taking care of the doggers !! 
T.G.I.F. 
Its Saturday night and I am so lame ... I need to get my mojo back ...... 
Glad it's Friday and that I have this weekend off !!! GO SKERS !!! 
Why did it have to snow . I just wasn't ready !!!! 
< PROPMALE > and I are spending some much needed cuddle time . He's the best , he always knows how to make mom feel better !!! 
Would like to to be happy and have things go back to normal . whatever that means . I miss my Bff and I miss all the people I love !!! 
today has been a day .. SOA tonight !!!!!!!! 
Happy Halloween ! Time to party !!!!! 
It's time for a nap !!! 
It's gonna be a beautiful day , and I don't have to work . The possibilities are endless !! 
Love is stronger than any addiction , hell it is one-Medea 
I'm tired and l really don't want to go to my doctor's appointment . Hope everyone has a wonderful day . 
Made a kickass Thanksgiving dinner for friends . I really think I out did myself this time it was awesome . Hope everyone is having as good a day as I am . Love you !!!! 
I miss < PROPMALE > so much , but I know he is having a blast with his sister , aunt and girlfriend . You go boy !!!!! 
Went out and had blast last night !!! 
we made it home bitches !!!! 
First day of Spring my ass !!! 
Thank you to all you guys who came out for the bday party , it was awesome !!!! Sorry we had to cut the dancing short , but it was a blast . 2626262626262626262262626 ;-) GO Mad Maxines you kicked ass . Okay now I ' m done ;-) 
This weekend kicked my butt !! I am exhausted !!!! 
Doesn't want to work today !! 
Is exhausted ... 
We go on vacation in a llittle over a month , I am so ready for some down time ... Oh and boys suck !!!!!! 
Life is short , you shouldn't take everything so seriously and have some fun 
Just got back from the park with Conner and Ashlin , kids are exhausting ... 
A year ago today I dislocated my foot . One of the worst days of my life , to all those people who were there for taking care of me and loving . Thank you , Thank you , Thank you . I love you all !!!!! 
Oh Happy day ;~) 
Accidentally got drunk last night , did you know shots of Patrone are only 5 dollars . 
Is missing the bestie today , if you read this I`m always here for you !!!! 
I am so ready to go on vacation , only 11 more days !!!!! YAY !!!! 
Is frustrated the more I try and be nice and help , the more people hurt me :~( 
The Paramore concert was awesome , I don't know who rocks my world more < PROPFEMALE > from Paramore or < PROPFEMALE > White 
One more day , one more day , one more day !!!!!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
is sitting in the airport ... 
We made it to Washington safely :-) 
Just ran on the beach next to the Pacific ocean , words cannot express what I`m feeling ! 
We're coming home ... 
Vacation was wonderful , Washington is beautiful , but it's good to be home . A little quieter here but good none the less . 
Is feeling so unmotivated , I'm home but my mind is still on vacation . 
Is ready to get my ass in gear , and make some changes . 
Worked out yesterday , and im totally feelin it today ! 
fbook 
I am so ready to be done at work . TGIF !!!! Dont have till Wednesday !!! Yeah !!! Hope everyone has a fun and safe holiday !!!! 
Lost my phone so for awhile you will have to get ahold of me through facebook :-) \ 
Had a blast last night , except for the < PROPFEMALE > 
I feel like I`ve lost my ness 
Sitting by the pool drinking a beer , life doesn't get better than this !!! 
Spent the day volunteering at Hearts United , Yeah !!! 
I love the 90's at noon , the only hour on KFRX that you don't have to hear any < PROPFIRST > Bieber !!!!!!! 
Tuesday is sit by the pool and drink beer day , you guys should come < PROPFEMALE > out 
Feels inspired for the first time in a long time !!! 
Went to the roller derby bout last night , Mad < PROPFEMALE > kick ass !!! But I think I am getting to old for these things , I can't even talk today !!! We had a blast though !!!! 
I love living in Nebraska this time of year . Just came in from outside the air is thick with the smell of gunpowder and all you can hear is the boom of the fireworks !!!!!!!!! 
Ambyr I love you ..... but I thought you were going to marry me !!! Congrats I know you and < PROPMALE > will make it , you two are perfect for one another !!!!!!! 
Last night was a blast !!!! But today it just made me miss my friends who live so far away , to those people who this applies to . I miss and Love you guys forever . And I will always be here if you need me . Hope I can hear from you soon !!!!! 
Bla Bla Bla ........ 
Ozarks here we come !!!!!! 
Had a good day !!! 
Nothing like hanging out by the pool on a Sunday afternoon ..... Ahhh , bliss ! 
I am horribly bored , is there anything fun to do in this town :~( 
< PROPMALE > Lake here we come !!!!! 
Every time I think things might work out , someone pinches me I wake and remember ... I'm not that girl 
Had an awesome night last night , good friends , good food , and beer !! GO BIG RED !!!!!!! 
Im so excited , new Sons of Anarchy tonight !!! 
is just going through the motions .... 
Go Big Red !!! 
I`m getting my car back today , YAY !!!!! 
just wants to sit at home with my dog :~( 
spent the evening in york , i feel like im in high school 
What a great day to wear a hoodie , watch the Huskers kick ass and have a few friends over !! 
Glee and Sons of Anarchy .... OMG !!!! 
People suck , especially those in bad relationships , it doesnt only affect the 2 people in the relation but everyone in your life ! 
How did we meet ? ( Copy this to your status and see who remembers ) 
Getting < PROPMALE > together today with his besties , other than that things suck ! 
Son`s of Anarchy was awesome , and < PROPFEMALE > on Glee ... Fabulous !!!! 
Hmmmm ... what to do for the game tonight ???? 
today i wish i could change professions . maybe i could work at a grocery store or at a factory , i just watched 2 twelve week old puppies who had parvo get put to sleep , i hate people !!! 
GooooBiiigggg Reeedddd !!!! 
Let's go South < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
So SOA sucked , Jax is hot . but what a < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPFIRST > Martinez , who ???? 
My head hurts ..... 
Is exhausted , can't wait to sleep in my own bed 
I`m bored .... 
Go Huskers ! 
Had a good night last night , I'm very proud of < PROPMALE > he met a new friend last night and did amazing . It was definitely boy doggie love !!!!! 
SOA !!! 
Good friends , a reason to party and drinks always make for a good night .. Congrats \ 
< PROPMALE > and Ambyr !!!!!! 
Glee was fabulous , Sons of Anarchy was an absolutely amazing finale , and we put up the tree and decorations today !! YAY !!! 
GLEE !!!! 
Do you ever think of hairless cats while you shower ..... 
Staying inside playing < PROPFIRST > kart today . If only there was a way to lower < PROPMALE > outside from the balcony ... 
I am surrounded by prego's .... This must mean we are old people ! 
Going to the Garage for TAC ! 
why at 1 am , am i talking about animals ....... 
Had a good weekend ! 
I dont wanna just make love , I wanna make love last .... Damn all these prego`s there hormones i swear are contagious .... Love you em ! 
I need a distraction !! 
well its monday and i still need a distraction , cant seem to focus ...... 
Bathed a naughty pug this morning , gonna spay T today !!! 
drinks 
sitting at home with a couple bottles of wine , processing relationships , why people treat me like crap and why i just dont seem to be good enough ..... 
Got a new phone today ! YAY ! 
< PROPMALE > is hanging with me today . Gonna clean his teeth and pull his incisor . He is a whiney cute bastard . Weighed him today he is down to 88 pounds . Yay ! 
It feels like a monday 
