is in class and really bored !!!! 

is tryin to figure out what shes gonna do for her mas bday today ... 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this ... 
Happy new year ! 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!! hi < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Needs to get away , if only for a week . 
bvvcgfgccgvmbhgcuukhxtxjkhotdtyytffuyguuttsr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is feeling very conflicted with a few different situations . 
is feeling very conflicted in many different issues . and can't figure out what she should do . but one thing is becoming very clear to her . 
just dosnt know anymore 
Its funny how things never turn out the way you expect them to . 
I just got a native american flute set yesterday , one that u gotta carve yourself . my wolf figurines head is done , and his shoulders are almost finished ! i just started workin on the flute , but starlight is tellin me where tio carve and where not to . turnin out great ! My mom got hers 2 and its awsome . cant wait to finish em . 
Happy Earth Day ! 
Is going to see OCEANS today . kinda excited ! 
cut her hair so the farthest t goes is mid back . its s much shorter ! gonna take a while to get used to it . 
is freakin out a bit 
theres nothin worse than buyin a new dvd , gettin psyched to watch it . then the dvd player brakes !!!! 
Is overloading . 
the one thing i hate most is being lied to 
is slapping herself on the head . dosnt know what to do now . there needs to be a guide book fo life ! 
theres too much drama in my life rite now . 
GAHHHHHHHHH ! * PUFT * 
I AM SO DONE WITH ALL THIS BS ! 
Sixteen candles is one of my fav movies . 
sliced some skin off my finger yesterday when i accidently got it stuck in the door of the car . :/ but im glad its healing up nicely and didnt brake the bone . 
< PROPFEMALE > your visions , your ideals , and the music that stirs your heart . if you remain true to them , your world will at last be built . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
goodbye sweet hat 
turn up the music , block out the world . 
Never give up , never give in ! 
how is it that day by day nothing changes , but when we look back everything is different ? 
gahhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!! 
the right thing to do , and the hardest thing to do are usualy the same thing . 
the family therapist session kinda worked . sept now we r startin to get on eahotherrs nerves . 
if you dont like your life , then change it . if you dont like your < PROPFEMALE > , then fight for a better one !!! 
my life is offically going < PROPFEMALE > hell ! 
:( 
cleaning the bathroom . never fun . 
just found a dimond ring @ the bus stop 
thursday was crazy ! i had to meet a counsler who was 15 mins late for our apt . joined the honor program . i emailed a teacher i've never heard of . my computer got a virus . found an engagment ring @ a bus stop . got yelled @ by family . and finished the night off with one of my favorite movies . weird . 
we havent had rain in 75 days ! 
for the record : i REALLY hate tucson 
i dont know what to do :( 
Love the money , hate the job 
this nite offically sucked ! 
opps ... 
the paint and i are not friends ! 
tonight was as weird as hell !!!!!! 
we need to slow down now ! billys gonna explode and javons overloading ! 
we have been looking for my brother since 12:30 am ! finally found him walkin down the street on our way to the police station ! thats 2 1/2 hours of frantic searhing ! 
Got my school stuff figured out ! yea ! 
the gaslight theater is still awsome ! 
new boss is driving me insane ! 
\this is very strange 
im in a rut and need to go on an adventure ! someplace that can give me some insperation ! cause when you make 12 paintings , and the best outta all of em is a suprised worm ,... sometins gotta be wrong ! 
zombie walk 10/23 !!!!!!!! cant wait !!!! 
is annoyed at wellsfargo ! 
is feeling creative 
Why does stuff have to cost so much ???? 
why ????? 
i feel like a pink marshmellow !!!!!! 
i finally got my check ! 
theraflu is diasgusting ! 
Theraflu is disgusting 
today i work from 11am- 12:30 am . fun . 
Just got my new laptop !!!!!! :D 
Just shoot me now ! 
Ok , heres the qustion of the day : what is the weirdest thing that happened to you at your work ? Please copy and paste as your status . A tie between a man spitting his food at me in disgust , and a man at drive thru handing me a kitten . 
yay ! my good deed of the day is done ! 
i make one freaky lookin hippie . and all my facepaint is smearing . :( 
Is @ casono < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for a native american gathering , and I'm assigned to watch the prize booth . Fun . 
I love christmas movies ! 
I hate 2 point perspective drawing ! It dirves me crazy ! 
Especially when its worth 2 homeworks :-( 
Garrr !!! 
Blech :p . 
My back is killing me :-( . I'm glad I don't have to work today . 
Finaly got our lights all lit up the day before christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) after being up for 2 weeks complestly unlit . 
Volunteering for salvation army , ran out of gravy . :-( 10 < PROPFEMALE > wait . 
I love the rain ! 
Dogs+mailman = animal control , police , criminal charges . Not a good day . :-( 
Todays court day for the dogs :-( Tuesday is the court day for the boy :-( not good . 
My nose is killing me . I hate my allergies ! 
Ok , time to take < PROPFIRST > for a walk . 
I don't like < PROPFIRST > brown , I don't like most of his music . But I love his albem cover for yeah 3x ! 
Case 39 sucks . :-\\ 
I am watching the < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland version of my fair wedding , and it is by far my favorite . I love the whole idea of it , people , dress , theme , everything ! 
1 class down , 2 to go . Kinda nervous . 
1 class to go then im done for the day 
Ok , not smart on my part 
Our teacher forgot we had class . Opps 
I've decided I like making master reproductions , but I don't like waiting till the last minute to do them . :-\\ 
I love my teachers ! They are all awesome ! 
I really hate theraflu ! 
I'm not sick . I CAN NOT BE SICK !!! I have to work @ the gem show tomarrow at the eegee's booth ! I . Can . Not . Get . Sick .!!! 
Gahh ! 
I hate being sick ! 
I'm not happy , my boss is not happy , and her boss is not happy . :-( not a good week . 
so now eegees is now putting animal masks in the kids meals , and today this adorable little three year old ran up to the counter in an upside down tiger mask and yelled \grrrrr ! \ " she was too cute ! " 
its a really beautiful day atpima ! 
Bleach ! :-) 
Okay , so far I've forgotten three things that I needed today . I am also going to be 15 minutes late to my < PROPMALE > class . :( not a good st < PROPMALE > to the day . 
I hate being a procrastinator ! 
I really hate working with the phthalo blue pigment ! It never wants to mix with the water or the egg white mixture ! 
My brother is really irresponsible ! 
Writers block \ 
:-( 
i am going to kill my cell phone !!! 
Is there anybody out there who like naruto or naruto shippuden ??? 
I . Hate . Being . Sick . 
writers block . i just wanna go home and work on my reproduction ! 
