Happy year of newness =D 

its 11:11 . 
wtf is this 
this . is interesting . 
what is this \outside\ " you speak of . " 
good things come to those who wait , but better things are earned by those who reach out and grab them . 
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most : saying something and wishing you had not , or saying nothing , and wishing you had ? 
piss lightning . shit success . i never get tired of that saying xD 
for some unknown reason , everytime im in a good mood , and i put on the radio , its always acdc . and im damn glad it is . 
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- school -.- but it won't be that bad =/ 
the chalk thing was kind of a let down , and were gonna catch so much shit from the idiots who put all the \beware freshman\ " or \ " freshman burial ground\ " crap >.>" 
not a bad first day 
tired as FUCK . 
one week done . and it was actually a pretty good week . 
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- my sister ate the last thing of chow mein -.- 
shutter island was one hell of a movie . 
MOTHER FUCKING COCK SUCKER ! the light in my room is dead -.- wtf am i supposed to do now when i want to read . 
braces are off =D 
just got back from sacromento ... got the nuclear engineer job and a fatty signing bonus of $ 15,000 . 00 
BITCH i live in a fucking trash can ! 
There should be a better way to start a day \ 
Than waking up every morning 
fuck this game ! its 4 in the morning grandma , YOU WIN !! 
physical death is the least of my worries . there are far more painful ways to die . 
wow .... reading comments on stuff makes me realize once again how stupid human beings can be . and it scares the shit out of me . 
you can't be like pancakes . all exciting at first , but by the end your fucking sick of them . 
the police are here ? sucks to be them . 
why the fuck am i still here . 
after monday and tuesday , even the calender says W T F 
bad decisions = amazing stories 
LEEEEEEERRRRRRRROOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ! JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNKKKIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
ran about 6-7 < PROPMALE > . and did a ton of other shit . im dripping sweat like im the niagra falls -.- my shirt is fucking soaked . 
forgot to turn off the alarm on my clock . fuck my life cuz i can't go back to sleep . 
paint balling today . and this time i WILL bring a cup . 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t . 
famous last words of a redneck : hold my beer and watch this shit . 
drop an iron grill plate on my toe . 
\History will be kind to me for I intend to write it . \"- < PROPMALE > Churchill " 
YES ! HOLY SHIT ! I GOT INTO MADAGASCAR !!!!! FEEL MY POWER AND QUAKE IN FEAR WORLD !!!! 
curtain call . last words ? 
its a , nice day for a , white wedding . its a , nice day to , START AGAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN OW ! 
i want to go back in time , and the shake the hand of the person that first used the word fuck . 
WHERES THE < PROPFIRST > ?! THE < PROPFIRST > WAS SUPPOSED TO BE HERE ! WHERES THE FUCKING < PROPFIRST > !? 
omgwtfbbq . 
im tired of this shit . 
eureka ! erueka ? eruka .... erukea ... eru .... fuck it . 
some people are only happy once they make sure you are not . 
Rule 34 : If it exists , there is porn of it . No exceptions . 
FUCK YOUR GOD , fixed the window in my door . i can feel the AC once more . 
whats worse , saying something and wishing you hadn't ? or not saying something and wishing you had ? 
i wanna launch a pumpkin 4000 feet . 
p.t. with the navy in the rain , and then talking about video games for 2 hours . fuck yeah . who knew petty officer < PROPMALE > was a fucking computer nerd 
FUCK i should not be awake at 6 . 
fuck your standards , fuck your normal , fuck your views of what should and what shouldn't be . if i thought MY world should be like YOURS , then it would be . but its not , so fuck off . 
what we need is a revolution , and fuck the details . there will be no why , for , how , when or where . there will simply be a revolution because it is needed , nothing more and nothing less . 
and the man in the back said everyone attack ! and it turned into a ballroom blitz , and the girl in the corner said boy i wanna want you and it turned into a ballroom blitz ! ballroom blitz ! 
cry a river . DROWN FUCKERS IN IT . 
I’d rather live with a good question than a bad answer . \ 
—Aryeh Frimer 
stupid is as stupid does . 
hey . hey you . yes you . 
No matter how fast light travels it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . ~ Terry Pratchett 
alright so i had to wear freshman year p.e. shorts today ... i think my boxers were longer than those . still haven't found where my good shorts are at -.- 
grrr > < headache from too much head banging , air guitar , and air mic . i love you music . 
physics homework . we meet again . this time , only one of us will walk away -.- 
WHO THE FUCK ATE THE LAST OF MY PB&J -.- 
3 days worth of homework done , and done well , in just under an hr . can i get a cookie or something ? 
What we think , or what we know , or what we believe is , in the end , of little consequence . The only consequence is what we do . \ 
—John Ruskin 
another 5 hour sleep night . thank you very much ms. < PROPFIRST > . 
never , ever , EVER under any circumstance argue with an idiot . they will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience . 
stupid me signed up for p.t. twice > < two nights of heavy running in a row >.> fml . 
I SURVIVED ! FUCK YOUR GOD , IM GOING HOME ! 
talk like a pirate day is this sunday 
sleep ? what sleep ? what is this sleep you speak of ? 
yesterday was pretty damn awesome . 
You don't have a soul . You are a Soul . You have a body . \ 
- C S < PROPFIRST > 
i hate white people sometimes . 
for the love of all that is epic , please be < PROPFEMALE > today . nice , cool , < PROPFEMALE > , with some clouds . \ 
enough of this bright open sky >.> 
ffs . my foot will not stop being in pain , it hasn't healed the slightest bit in over a week , it shoulda been good as new by now >.> its not so bad with shoes on , but once that support is taken away and my big toe can move freely , that giant cut likes to say \HEY FUCKER HERE I AM HOW ARE YOU FEELING ?! \"" 
Zaine Blackwell and Philipp Baker are making an appreciation < PROPFEMALE > for Chico High WEST so when they finish make sure to look it up 
i feel the need to reassure people that i am in no way racist or prejudice against any thing or anyone , except the swiss . 
seems a good a time as any to call it a night . 
haters gonna hate . 
3 hours of sleep . time to seize the day . 
saw devil and the labrynth friday night ( yeah < PROPFIRST > bowie ! ) , got 2 hours of sleep , went on to rock the house at cal skate with some buddies , and i've got a loooooong night ahead of me of nothing but gaming at a friends house . \ 
\ 
ooooooo yeah . 
holy shit . 9 hrs of sleep . fuck yeah . 
Courage is not the absence of fear , but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear . \ 
—Ambrose Redmoon 
i just love starting the day with hearing my mom and sister scream at each other ... just like every other day . 
finally got home . 
i never get sick untill my parents decide that i should get the flu vaccine . guess who feels like shit today . 
It's not my time , I'm not going\ 
There's a fear in me , it's not showing\ 
This could be the end of me\ 
And everything I know\ 
But it's not my time , I'm not going\ 
There's a will in me and now I know that\ 
And everything I know , ooh , but I won't go ! \ 
I won't go ! 
just had a bunch of cops on my street with flashlights searching the neighborhood , apparently a neighbor found a puddle of blood on her back porch , a blood trail , theres blood all over the neighborhood , including a blood puddle on my drive way and a blood trail that leads up to my front door , and then off to the gate on the side of my house . \ 
wtf . 
today was a pretty damn good day . however , by thursday , the shits gonna hit the fan going at least mach 5 . 
you can rest when you're dead 
you spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round 
Mistake number one . i forgot something at the navy office . Mistake number two . i went back to get it . 
dad walked in the house , got yelled at , didn't want to deal with the shit so he drove off , idk where hes at . i got yelled at , stood up for me and my sister , and now , according to my mom , im just like my brother . she says that i think shes dead to me . what the fuck is going on . 
alright , things are better in the house . 
interesting day eh ? 
fucking faggot ass facebook won't let me change my name to JD . GOD DAMN THIS ECON WORKSHEET . 
alright physics homework . its just me and you . no more excuses , no more running . this ends tonight . 
\the person who laughs when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . \ " or they were the reason why everything went s.n.a.f.u. " 
busy . busy . busy night . now im wiped , gonna hit the hay early tonight . \ 
did i just rap ? 
Good judgment comes from experience , and experience comes from bad judgment . \ 
—Barry LePatner 
well there go my saturday plans . damn . shoulda woke up earlier >.> need something to do today . 
im getting that feeling that im not going to be able to sleep tonight . 
today for the third time ever i have seen somebody sleeping in their front lawn . no blanket , no pillow , no hammock . \ 
laying , asleep , on their lawn . is it really that comfortable should i try it ? 
what time is it ? shower time . 
having a free period is awesome . 
ok . if i was my extremely important paper that i misplaced , where would i be ? 
alright . time to go save the world . again . 
p.t. got done really early . still tired as hell >.> 
I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than live in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Fosdick 
Do not follow where the path may lead . Go , instead , where there is no path and leave a trail . ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
yes . 
Stand up for something or fall down for nothing 
\History shall be kind to me for i intend to write it ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Churchill " 
i greatly < PROPFEMALE > a shower in my room . that would be sooooooo convienant xD 
It takes a genius to teach an idiot 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing . ( Emo Philips ) 
my internet connection is being extremely stupid right now . 
HOOYAH 
haters . they will hate . 
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt . \ 
- Rami Belson 
\A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice . \ " < PROPMALE > Cosby " 
me and the sub thats gonna be in networking tomorrow have some unfinished business . 
saving the world , one pint of blood at a time . 
very , very interesting day . 
pretty good night . 
who else loves a hot shower ? 
i press down on key on keyboard , key on keyboard press's up on me =D -.- i hate you physics . 
time to save the world . again . 
-.- mr. dillman , the sneaky little ... that he is . ninja'd a few pictures of my group dancing in a stupid manner . 
do you herp so hard you derp ? 
c . o . l . d . \ 
walking through a mud field , getting soaked from my knees down , all the way through my socks , can't feel my hands , can't feel my feet , where is the nearest bon fire so i can jump in ? 
finally , i get to sleep in =D 
For the people who type in all caps lock , WOULD YOU PLEASE STOP SHOUTING AT ME OVER THE INTERNET ???!?!?!!? 
Happy day of turkey eating , hope you all have a good one 
Some men are born great , some men achieve greatness , some men have greatness thrust upon them , and other men simply want a hot shower that stayed hot for once . 
that was .... intense . 
typhlosion . 
it must be no turn signal day . 
There is a stainless steel holding container . Inside this container is distilled water ( H2O ) . Now , add Phosphate to that ( P ) . Then , run an electrical current through that and it causes a chemical reaction . what would the end waste be ? Now , repeat this , but instead of a stainless steel container , use titanium ( Ti ) . Im trying to figure out which would give me a hazardous waste material . 
=/ 
Stop beating around the bush . Stop wondering what if . \ 
Just do it . 
Even if you’re on the right track , you’ll get run over if you just sit there . \ 
—Will Rogers 
“Society exists only as a mental concept ; in the real world there are only individuals . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
im on vacation . normally at school i don't have to be there untill 9 . \ 
so can someone please explain to me , why i am waking up at 6 still ? 
the outside of my sandwhich is too hot to eat . the inside is frozen still . \ 
why thor , why ? 
my computer is toast , won't be getting online for a long time =/ 
last christmas in chico with my family ..... feels weird =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone , i hope its an amazing one ! 
Has anyone else noticed a lot of people have a certain \pose\ " in all their photos ? " 
Chemo , our cat , is going to be put down tonight . we got him because my mom got cancer the first time and we named him after chemothereopy , which she was going through when we got him , its been maybe 6-7 years now , and he just cant keep going . 
chemo got put down earlier this night .... 
THEY MAY TAKE OUR LIVES , BUT THEY CAN NEVER , TAKE , OUR FREEDOM !!!!!! 
its a long road ... 
oops . 
if a person were to be born deaf , then what language would they think in ? 
So someone said i sound like a south african safari guide a few days ago , and its been really bugging me , so i gotta ask . \ 
do i , in anyway , look or sound like a south african safari guide ? 
Just watched salad fingers ... 
Sugar < PROPFEMALE > Ice Tea my feet are on FIRE . 
Not going to school tomorrow . 
Gnight oh universe 
how man hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb . \ 
its a very obscure number you've probably never heard of it . 
Watching piranha with the family . Not my dads best choice in family movies 
I notice some people have the same pose in every picture . Head tilted one way , same smile , not looking at the camera , etc . \ 
It irritates me for some reason 
I wish someone would invent a device that would take dishes , spry them with water and soap , scrub and clean , and then dry for you . \ 
Oh wait ! That's a dish washer !!!!!!! \ 
Oh yeah !!! \ 
That's me !!!!! Fml . 
Even monkeys , fall from trees . 
Really good weekend =) 
I finally figured out how to get a human being to travel at the speed of light . 
I'm gonna like my status . 
One out of every five dryers in this place works . The rest eat my quarters . Only wifi is at sitting level , so I'm sitting here under a table wondering if everyone who comes in here has to bring their dog . 
I hate sleeping with a stuffed nose . 
astronomy packet . \ 
meet my fist . 
excuse me , awesome is knocking , gotta go find my pants and answer the door . 
watching spongebob with Enea Maillol while she drinks hot chocolate . good times , goooooooood times . i love spongebob's face when he finds out squidward likes kabby patties =D 
hullo happy wheels 
HERP DERP 
=/ even the strongest need a shoulder to rest their head on sometimes . 
brb sacromento . 
