Ninjas cannot be tripped . Believe me , I tried ... 

Too much medicine can cause memory loss , or even worse ! Uhhh ... Memory loss ? 
Albino porch monkey took over my brain ... 
I am switching from regular cigarette and rollies to the electronic-cigarette , cutting out 100's of deadly toxins , tar , and second-hand smoke . One small step for man , one giant step for Turtle-Kind . 
Next month , finally , I am getting a XBOX 360 Elite Console System . wOOp wOOp !!! Who's house ? < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
I am unsure if I will get the XBOX 360 Elite or the Nintendo Wii ... Both are fun , XBOX for the graphics and online play , or the Nintendo Wii which I have tried and is actually quite enjoyable . XBOX 360 costs more but has more games . Nintendo Wii is cheaper , and can also play Nintendo Game Cube games . What should I do , and why ? 
I am getting a XBOX 360 for sure this time in April . My brother let me Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 , Resident Evil 5 , and Lost Odyssey . Of course I have my eyes set on Final Fantasy XIII ... wOOp wOOp 
Found out there is a Final Fantasy Limited Edition , 250 giga-byte , XBOX 360 Elite for $399.00 out there and my fiance is gonna ' help me get it next month . wOOp wOOp 
Have you ever stop to think & forget how to start again ? This trippy moment/thought brought to you by your friendly neighbourhood \Turtle . \"" 
I just got the XBOX 360 Final Fantasy XIII Elite Special Edition Console last night . wOOp wOOp . Who's house ? < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
It's official . Its been a week since I have had my XBOX 360 Final Fantasy XIII Limited Edition Elite console system with 250 Giga-Bytes ... I'm an XBOX junkie . 
Forgot if I made this comment already due to me being up for days ... but , my XBOX 360 user-name is Psionic Turtle for those who have a gold membership with this console . Add me ! 
Looks like Anchorage , Alaska has entirely skipped summer and fall . wOOp wOOp 
I just reserved , the other day , Halo : Reach Legendary Limited Edition package . It comes out September 1st . The Halo : Reach Beta-Editon was pretty good . It got my votes , besides the bugs they have to work out , which they will when it is released . 
Found out < PROPFEMALE>'s aunt & uncle might throw us a suprise wedding . I am still kicking asteriks on XBOX 360 . I just reserved Halo : Reach Legendary Edition package . It also includes a < PROPMALE > McFarlene statue plus other hoo-hah stuff . This morning I get to see if I am a prime canidate for medicinal marijuana . I hope the Green Gods bless me in this oppurtunity . 
HEEEEEEEEEEEY !!!! Ever notice the maximum characters you're able to use in making a comment is 420 ? Pretty trippy , eh ? 
