i wish people would grow up 

its late im tired . another night of tossing and turning ahead . if only i could sleep ...... 
i love the way it asks me whats on my mind , like i have hours and hours of time to kill by spilling my guts to a screen , even more that that who really cares ? not me thats for damn sure . 
just < PROPMALE > my boss to f off . they told me i have to drive on sheets of ice for 725 an hour . yeah like thats going to happen . tweeker . he needs to go hit his glass pipe in the freezer and leave me out of his craziness . < PROPFEMALE > be VERY careful < PROPFIRST > im glad you got out of the ghetto . everyone else ... have a nice day . i will be wrapped in my snuggie jonny got for me . 
i start a new job on Monday.it aint the ritz but it will pay the bills better . 
citgo full time 
the game is pissn me off . all those panty waist < PROPFEMALE > ass 5 dollar sissy < PROPFEMALE > boys need to step it up . 
i remember that pic and that big block head , u really were very cute . what happened ? 
looking forward to my massage later . hips are killing me from new job . need some new shoes or new hips . maybe lose another 40lbs . 
havint to work 11 till 7 am sUcks but its a job . maybe i will meet a < PROPMALE > man looking for a busty blond with a wicked since of humor , then again knowing my luck i will just get hit on by a bull dyke on foodstamps . 
COLTS = Count On Losing To Saints i cant wait to move home ! 
i owe i owe its off to work i go . hate my job glad to have one still sUcks . i hate the snow . 
people can only do to you what you allow them to . < PROPFEMALE > Roseavelt 
i just got off work one more week of night shift and im going to days , yay me 
i have a date after work tomorrow with a totally hot guy , yay me ! 
just plain mad .. that about covers it 
i would like to clear up a few things . i am NEVER going to live in Ms again . < PROPMALE > Stone is to thank for that . i am moving to La as soon as my child is out of school for the year . i have nothing left here for me and as far as im concerned all i do have left for me is going to come to me from my child . she is THE only reason im still alive . 
i have some pics of when < PROPFIRST > and i were young , any pics of < PROPFIRST > would be appreciated . please send to jappyslk@yahoo.com 
tunnel vision looking south . cant wait to bail . 
i used to think blood was thicker than water , guess i was wrong . 
cant wait to get south where the warm winds blow and i have family by me . i feel more alone now than i ever have . ever . 
i have been offerd a job interview with a morgage & finance co . this could be a deal breaker . if i get this job im not sure i will leave . depends on how much money i will be making , on the other hand i just want to get the hell out of here . too much stress on me right now , not sure what to do . hate to leave friends hate to stay here . confused . 
it looks like i will be staying here , no matter how bad i want to leave < PROPFEMALE > will get what she wants . i hate it here but she loves it ( or her boyfriend ) to much to leave.so i willl suffer through it for the time being.im too confused to make a rational decision right now anyway . i guess time will tell me which way the wind will blow . 
This is the day that the LOrd has made let us rejoice and be gald in it ! Every minute counts ! 
work , work , work ... cant wait to go on our 1st camping trip of the year . 
i love the way this thing asks whats on my mind .... like theres enough room for that in this little box . 
Thoughts ? Are we what we think we are , or are we what our true friends think we are ? 
im getting very excited about being there when < PROPFEMALE > is born , i am honered to be there and i cant wait to hold him and kiss on him and tell him how much < PROPFEMALE > loves him 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation under GOD indivisble , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IFYOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! 
i am so glad that i have my sister < PROPFEMALE > here . i hope she will love it here and not be too sad and when she is i hope she knows i got her back , always . 
ok i got this flaming mystery egg on treasure isle and have no idea where to take it or how to open it . can some one help me out please . thanks 
I wish Heaven had\ 
a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but\ 
that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before\ 
that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I\ 
have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keep sake , \ 
from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my\ 
heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
I am now in a relationship ........ i cant wait to see you < PROPFIRST > Jones !!!!!! 
i know this has taken a lot of my friends and family by surprise but you all know ive been alone for 5 years and after the living hell i have been through i deserve happiness . i know some of you think im crazy or are worried i will be hurt . well dont im a big girl and i feel in my heart this is who i need.so thanks for all your well wishes people . love you all i really do . 
single again .... plans changed 
so i just spoke to the landlord because i had a $56 gas bill . the funny thing is my house is all electric till winter . i have no clue . 
i am sitting here with a headache due to way to much beer last night , now i remember why i gave up drinking , lol 
sleeping late to me is 7am , gotta work 11-3 then i can enjoy the rest of my day , hope to < PROPFEMALE > w/ms < PROPFEMALE > today , maybe go to the dog park and let the hounds run free . 
off to work i go hope you people have a great day ! 
i would like to say congrats to < PROPFIRST > and CJ < PROPMALE > whom i love very very much . The day you two got married was truely one of the happiest days of my life and i will never forget it or the love you have both always had for me . i love you all so much . 
now that i have had time to ponder the ways of the univers i have relized the some people are cool to the bone and others wear there ugly for the world to see . I choose to be around the ones cool to the bone and to step away from the ugly . 
Oh and sorry guys ...... this is hollie .. i posted that .... thought i was on my page .... still appys though 
spending time with my girl today , we stay so busy i miss her all the time . i love you my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
every one please check out this web site it belongs to my sister in law and i know you will all love her stuff as much i do\ 
alittledream@esty.com \ 
thank you all so much 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you 
Parents think about their children day and night , even when they are grown , love their children in a way that they will never understand , will be there for their children when no one else will . would take a bullet , stand in front of a train , and ask God to take them instead of their child . If you have a child or children that you love ..., post this as your status 
Thank you all so much for the Birthday wishes , i truly love you all 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! I GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . WE NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
you have a beautiful Daughter that you love more than you\ 
can say , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , \ 
but hold them in your heart for a lifetime . I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ok so i had to go to the hospital yesterday for horrible pain in my lower guts , i was given a cat scan and told i have diverticulitis and a nodule on my adrenal gland . So i guess its true when you get old stuff starts breaking down . i knew it wouldn't be long , its not like people in my family live to be old why should i be any different . i just cant wait to see whats next . 
