I luv not having to go to school for 3 days ! ( not intending to brag I'm just happy ) 

I'll be ur friend again but don't u dare touch my hair ( sorry I haven't been able to answer my internet card went over my limit so I can't go back on till Thurs . ) 
driving for 8 hours ... that sounds so boring ... 
I LOVE SNOW ! i am so happy it snowed ! 
I finally got my christmas tree today I can't wait 2 decorate it ! 
It's a brand new year . whatever . it's just another day . your no different today then you were yesterday except you maybe very hungover . ( like me ;)) 
Just doing my history project that's due tomorrow :p at least I'll be done with it wo I won't have 2 do it later 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow :( 
I lost power on my birthday and I still don't have it back but i like missing school ;) 
the sunset was pretty and the darkness tonight is calming . especially after a long day of cooking 
Pizza for dinner again . I think I'm going to be sick :p 
Thank God tomorrow is Friday !!!!!! 
I have the hiccups :p 
I'm thinking about making cookies today to bring in tomorrow . mmm ... cookies . 
Stupid projects due on the same day . Can teachers do anything right for once !?! 
Williamsburg tomorrow ! I can't wait ! PARTY ! PARTY ! PARTY ! 
I'm hi on gummy worms 
my heart aches but i don't know why , my mind is distracted but i can't tell you why , i'm just glad i don't have to focus anymore because i wouldn't be able to no matter how hard i tried . what mess have i gotten myself into now ? 
i lost horseshoes to a blind person !! :) 
busy busy summer . can't get a break 
i leave for europe tomorrow ... i'll miss u all !!!! well , most of u ... :) 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > . so nice to be home again 
Dang jet lag . i was up at 5am and couldn't go back to sleep . grrr ... 
Hangin ' out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today . Can't wait 2 see my old friends again !!! 
school schedules suck can't our school do anything right ? I mean come on ! Name something they did right ! if you can ... 
If you believe in Jesus Christ put this on yourwall . DON'T just ignore this because in the bible it says that if you deny him , he will deny youin front of his father in the gates of heaven . This is the simplest test ; if you love god and you are not ashamed then copy this and post . 
Hey ! What's up everyone ? I've finally begun uploading my pictures from Europe to facebook . the first 150 photos are up so check them out . 
Cabin tomorrow ! Can't wait ! I'm not gonna get any sleep or any work done 4 the next 3 days ... 
the first day is done ... 199 to go ... someone end the boredom please . 
College starts in 2 weeks . I can't believe it ! but i'm pretty nervous ... 
I wish some charming , handsome < PROPMALE > would take me away ... 
You know what ? gravity sucks ! i wanna fly ... 
I got an email from my friend in Germany ! I'm so happy to hear from her again ! I miss her and her family so much !!!! 
I'm so sick of this thing called my brother . does anybody want him ? I'll give u $20 bucks to take him away ! 
My dad bought another car ... this makes 7 cars ... again ... at least this new car looks cool and we should be getting rid of a less cool looking car 
I'm so happy ! I got a 4 on my first AP biology test ! ( in CCS grades it's an 86 ) :) 
I think everyone had a bad day . today just really sucked 
\Your very unforgiving of the people you hate . \ " \ 
[ POKE]me if youever had a crush on me ...... [ LIKE ] this status if you think im a goodfriend ..... [ MESSAGE ] me me if you ever wanted to date me ..... [ COMMENT ] if we ever had any good memories together . Now lets see whosbrave enough to copy this into their STATUS : ) 
I hate this school ... to much work i just can't do and I'm trying 2 be here there everywhere and I just don't have enough time and strength to be everywhere . Why is the graduation project so much to do ? Why is my teacher having something due the weekend after i spend my last few days with one of my closest friends who i won't see again for a really long time ? Why can't somebody just realize i can't do everything ? 
Why are people mean ? 
I love my college professor she is so awesome and sooooooo much better than Miss whisler 
Going 2 < PROPFIRST>'s!!!! Party for 4 days WOOOOO ! 
I LOVE U < PROPFIRST > !!!!! I WILL MISS U SO MUCH !!!!!!!!! I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE U AGAIN ! 
I didn't miss being back in school ... 
Daddy says I can make bread ! YAY ! 
it's not fair 
My daddy is gonna let me try to make spaghetti sauce soon . :) < PROPFIRST > happy ! 
Finally done those PSATs for good ! Now I get to cook today . Making raspberry pie , applesauce bread , and spaghetti sauce . mama mia it's a busy day . \ 
but it's an awesome kinda busy :) 
October 10th . that date will always haunt me . i guess since God knew i already had enough sad days he would just pile up on the one's that were already sad . 
College tonight ... i love the class but I have no time to rest at home tonight ... 
nothing going on tonight , just the way i like it 
< PROPFEMALE > coming over tonight , sweet ! 
Fun day with my friends :) 
Just another boring monday ... ugh , friday can never come fast enough 
Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream sounds really good right now ... 
My daddy's buying me ingredients to make\ 
1)Pumpkin Pie\ 
2)Dutch Apples\ 
I'm a cookin ' maniac lately :) 
My brother's having friends over ... I'm severely outnumbered . oh great ... :( 
today will be a peaceful day just as soon as all these brats leave my house ! 
I just gave blood tonight . Feeling pretty good . 
Finally home ... THANK GOD FOR WEEKENDS !!!!!! 
Finally I get a break tonight . Dinner is gonna be good tonight . My daddy is making chicken I'll be making mashed potatoes and whatever else we can find 
Restful day ... :) 
College tonight . paper due another one 2 work on and a couple chapters of a text book to read . OH boy . 
Mama mia i'm a crazy cooking girl tomorrow I'm making pumpkin bread raspberry pie and maybe even blueberry brunch cake . 
was driving to my grandma's house with my dad and brother when my car broke down 
I've spent today cleaning when I could have been at my aunt's house making cookies . not fair . 
I'm so happy ! My college class was canceled tonight and my paper that was due in 2 weeks is now due in 3 weeks :) YAY ! 
feeling much better today :) 
I never expected anybody to make a note of 30 things about themselves after i did ... it's just weird ... 
I love vacations :) I wish everybody got a vacation . Mostly because I love u but also so I don't have to make up work ;) 
I hope everyone in my project groups did a good job today or tomorrow whenever those projects were due ... anyways good luck < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > ! 
When you gonna stop breaking my heart\ 
I don't wanna be another one\ 
Paying for things I never done\ 
Don't let go\ 
To my love\ 
-Stereo Love by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and Vika Juligna ( or something like that ) 
I can't wait 2 go home , I can't wait 4 somebody to discover magical fairies that magically do my homework 4 me ... 
I hate when I have work 2 do and I don't want 2 do it ... 
Only 2 college classes left . I'm almost done ! :) 
FINALLY BREAK ! I LOVE MOST OF U BUT I NEED A BREAK ! see u in 2 weeks :) 
Been shopping at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > . found some good presents and found some nice stuff 4 me ;) . It's hard 2 find presents 4 my dad and brother though ... 
Last night of college ! Can't wait 2 be done ! :D 
HA ! i made sugar cookies and they turned out great ! I have finally conquered sugar cookies ! take that cookies HA ! 
Christmas is over . :( BUT i got sweet deals on some cute clothes :) 
school . tomorrow . sucks . just a year and a half more ... THANK GOD ! 
gotta love < PROPFIRST > ! 
I hope we don't have school tomorrow because of snow ! Only if we're lucky ! 
i love snow . except when the snow on the road turns all mushy and gross then it don't look so pretty 
AP Biology midterm DONE YAY ! Happy < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
maybe going ice skating . i'll get an answer if daddy wakes up ! grrrrr ... 
Going ice skating today . maybe making my birthday cake today along with dutch apples ... yum ! or maybe tomorrow . i don't know i'll figure it out later 
Today is going 2 be a boring day ... gotta find something more interesting 2 do ... 
DOES ANYBODY KNOW A MIDDLE SCHOOL OR HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER I COULD SHADOW !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!? stupid grad project ... 
I hope what has happened today does not hurt future plans ... 
making cookies and brownies today ! ;) yum ! 
cookies and brownies r done 4 the party ! just a few more things 2 do . i hope the basement gets clean ... 
Should be doing work but ... na 
mondays ... 
YAY no school ! i hope we don't have school tomorrow 2 ! we'll never get rid of midterms though ... 
Copy this into your status , and see what you get inboxed . \ 
\ 
Gold : be my < PROPFIRST > this year ? ? \ 
Red : I used to like you . \ 
Orange : will you be mine ? \ 
... Yellow : I think you're cute . \ 
Green : I wanna mess around . \ 
Blue : I love you ? \ 
Purple : I wanna chill . \ 
Pink : I like you . \ 
Black I wanna kiss you . \ 
Violet : I wanna meet you . \ 
Turquoise : I can see myself liking you . 
AHHHHHHH ! someone please get me out of this house ! please , please , please ! i can't take it another day ! 
today was a good day ... 
i can't wait 2 see my friends again 2morrow and finally be done with midterms !!!! 
FOR ALL OF YOU PEOPLE WHO ARE TOO LAZY TO CHECK MY FACEBOOK EVENT MY PARTY IS NOW FEBRUARY 18TH . if ur not invited please don't show up 2 my house whoever else sees this 
bored out of my mind ... 
sprite 
Tomorrow is Saturday ? FINALLY ! 
idiots r < PROPFEMALE > annoying ... 
TO EVERYONE WHO WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY WHETHER IT WAS ON FACEBOOK OR IN PERSON ... \ 
THANK YOU SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!!!! I LOVE YOU ! :) 
I have a good brother ... 
Totally gonna finish my grad project on time ! could not be happier !!!! :D 
Tomorrow is Wednesday , put the cake out . then it's Thursday , put the cookies and brownies out . then it's friday and i'm shadowing ( don't even have to go into school HA ! ) and then it's my party !! this is a good week . :) 
craziness weekends ... 
tomorrow is gonna be like one of the awesomest days ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
PARTY ! PARTY ! PARTY ! YAY ! 
that party was just awesome ! 
I miss some of my old friends from Europe trip ... 
dumb brother sneaking on my laptop and possibly caused a virus on my computer grr ... 
i love being lazy ! 
nothing could be more perfect 
This is gonna be one crazy fun perfect weekend ! 
cool day . got my ears pierced and had lots of fun today 
could not be happier school is over 
I'm sick and don't want 2 get up tomorrow 
i love talking to old friends 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you're not scared , post this as your status . 
some days are just perfect even if it's raining 
TGIF ! except SATs tomorrow ... 
finished with the SATs , had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > ( sorry < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > couldn't make it ) , and made applesauce . it's a crazy day . 
today is just one of those days that u have 2 do something but u really just don't want to do it 
I am so glad the PSSAs r tomorrow just cause i don't really have 2 do anything 
some days are just annoying ... 
today , was a good day . i guess . 
facebook can be sooooooo annoying sometimes 
Tonight ... is gonna be awesome ! 
i love it when we have a fire in the fireplace ^.^ 
thank god today is over because i was ready 4 a break 
just chillin ' at home watching the original die hard 
some of these rainy days r just hard 2 deal with 
this was just one crazy afternoon 
u know what ? today kinda sucked . but i have a feeling that tomorrow is just gonna be awesome even though it'll be monday 
hopes that God answers her prayers with the answer she wants 
hopefully i am lucky tonight ... 
would be so much happier if this week was over 
u know what ? i think 2morrow is gonna be awesome because i had all the ingredients i needed 2 make cookies tonight without even having 2 go 2 the store 2 get um . it's good luck and tomorrow is gonna be awesome especially cause it's friday . u can't get any better than that ! 
i was so happy when i woke up this morning and i didn't have 2 go 2 school and the sun was up ! i never wake up after the sun thanks 2 school 
i'm just happy it's spring and it actually sorta feels like spring 
yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > and her boyfriend was AWESOME and today is absolutely beautiful ! 
no more pssas please !!! 
