12/31/09 : 12 hours on Lancaster EMS 1 . 5 calls and a MCI on 521 . To everyone reading this you need to be thankful that some EMT somewhere isn't filling out a report with your name on it , because it coulda been you ; it shoulda been you . Thank you Jesus . 

Into every life , some rain must fall . 
What do my dreams tell me about my waking desires ? 
No new messages . 
I'm not lovin ' you the way I wanted to . See , I wanna move , but can't escape from you . I can't keep my cool , so I keep it true . 
wishes are goals we don't want bad enough to reach . 
sometimes you gotta praise Him in the valley to reach the mountain top . 
is still relevant . 
right where you left him . 
yellow jackets : 6 , Oliver : Every single one of them -_- 
Contentment is the enemy of greatness . 
little one , you've grown . 
Romans 8:28 
Job 1:21 
Why weren't you this excited when he was alive ? 
i love this plan ... I'm excited to be a part of it ! Let's do it ! 
Dare - dare to believe you can survive You hold the future in your hand Dare - dare to keep all of your dreams alive It's time to take a stand And you can win , if you dare . 
Fire Aptitude test [ X ] 
Who should I think you are ? 
is square with the house . 
I hate it when commercials have such awesome instrumental music . 
If I ... Breathe in the future , breathe out the past Savor this moment as long as it lasts Let me tell you ... 
I saw you today , and it made my heart stop . 
Through early morning fog I see visions of the things to be . The pains that are withheld for me , I realize and I can see . . . That suicide is painless , it brings on many changes , and I can take or leave it if I please ~ 
I still remember . 
And sometimes , I wish I didn't . 
... Thus in the winter stands the lonely tree , Nor knows what birds have vanished one by one , Yet knows its boughs more silent than before : I cannot say what loves have come and gone , I only know that summer sang in me A little while , that in me sings no m 
Vincent : There's no good reason , there's no bad reason to live or to die . Max : Then what are you ? Vincent : I'm indifferent . 
Faith is a bird that feels < PROPFEMALE > breaking and sings while it is still dark . 
? How can I believe when this cloud hangs over me . You're a part of me that I don't wanna see -- just Forget it . ? 
is gonna hit you from the back & make you holler till you pass out . 
We choose to < PROPMALE > our dreams . We choose to < PROPMALE > our dreams , not because it is easy , but because it is hard , because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills , because that challenge is one that we are willing to a 
You make your life difficult . 
has defeated Monday . 
People if you got something to say , leave a message . Don't just call & < PROPFEMALE > up . 
Only God's got a hand steady enough to paint the vision I have for your life . 
Are you building me up just to let me down ? 
If I were a drinkin ' man , a tumbler of whiskey would be perfect right about now ... 
Do your worst . 
well , then ... 
Show me what I'm lookin ' for . 
? Believe it or not , I'm walking on air . I never thought I could feel so free . Flying away on a wing and a prayer , Who could it be ? Believe it or not , it's just me . ? 
And that's all she wrote . 
I miss you . 
I promise you , no matter what happens , when you look back , I'll always be there . I love you . 
Who are you people ? 
everything you want , but nothing you'll have . 
is happy & doesn't know why . 
knows why . 
< PROPMALE > takes < PROPFEMALE>'s Knight . 
is unclean . 
July never fails to be a shitty month ; Welcome back , August . 
\It's life . It's a roller coaster . It's what happens ; sometimes you just go off the tracks . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Gosselin " 
has no idea where he's going , but knows he's in good hands . 
let me be free . 
How does it feel when God has spoken a word over your life ? 
I have seen the future , and it has this vague familiarity of the long , distant , past . 
has born witness to the tenth(10th ) dimension . 
passion pit is ridiculous . 
I have tread many paths , some paved with gold , others marred with blood , but every one of them has lead me to the straight & narrow . 
? If I had two hands doing the same thing , lifted high . ? 
“The key is to get to know people and trust them to be who they are . Instead , we trust people to be who we want them to be- and when they are not , we despair . \ " , 2009-08-21 13:04:38 " 
Don't miss your train . 
feels like september 
Philippians 1:3 
? Oh , you make my world a summer day . Are you just a dream ... to fade away ?? 
My name is < PROPMALE > , but I'm gonna be < PROPFIRST > with you ... 
Jesus will do , what he said he will do . Gotta keep the faith . 
Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and < PROPFEMALE > not unto thine own understanding . In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he shall direct thy paths . 
Of all the experiences a man has , none have a grander impact on his character than love & loss . 
Dear participant , we regretfully inform you that your emotional intelligence is low . 
? I don't know , what words I can say , the wind has a way , to talk to me . Flowers sleep , a silent lullaby , I pray for reply , I'm ready ... ? 
you kids are crazy . 
thanks God that his life is , for the most part , drama free & headed in the right direction . 
doesn't have the peace he's been prayin ' for . 
You're either all in , or get out . 
Is this it ? 
? Oh < PROPMALE > boy , the pipes , the pipes , are callin ' ? 
in sunshine or in shadow . 
there's a big difference between can't , and won't . 
Is prolly the only person who didn't watch the VMAs . 
is of one face . 
be consistent , in an ever changing world . 
\One should not be envious of someone who has prospered by unjust deeds . Nor should he disdain someone who has fallen while adhering to the path of righteousness . \"-- Imagawa Sadayo " 
Typical 
? But there's a warm wind blowing , the stars are out and I'd really love to see you tonight .? 
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm . ” Churchill 
, he's coding . 
Ashes to ashes , dust to dust . 
< PROPFIRST > Rogan is so good . 
\Youth is wasted on the young . \"" 
\Bird who flies high must still come to ground for water . Stay humble . \"" 
? It's a surprise you haven't caught on yet . It's nothing personal ; you're an embarassment . ? 
“Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain . ” 
doubt is a sin . 
Some days are easy , some days are hard . Today is a hard day . 
Sometimes we ask God questions we really don't wanna know the answers to . 
I need you like mercy from heaven's gate . 
Every once in a while ... there's a song that speaks to our souls , reminds us who we were , what we held dear , and how easily some things change , and how hard some things are to keep the same . 
Storms will come , this we know for sure . Can you stand the rain ? 
who knows ? 
Broad generalizations are often the product of narrow minds . 
Don't run through life , just walk with purpose & direction . 
All at once , I had it all , but it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone . 
\To be prideful about your strength while your mettle is not yet established is likely to bring you shame in the midst of people . You are weaker than you look . \"" 
is it fair , or foolish ? 
deficiency is an opportunity for God to move . 
Only 1 more step 
is a PC , and likes windows 7 . 
Simplicity is the quintessential element of all good things . 
Hypoperfusion & soft tissue injuries ? yesss 
? Black hole sun , won't you come , and wash away the rain ? ? 
Don't forget ... what's important . 
Sometimes , \always\ " doesn't last forever . " 
What purpose do you serve ? 
I've played this game before , and the house always wins . 
Love is , ultimately , a selfish thing . 
Anything that isn't constantly challenged , grows weak . 
The truth will be revealed only to eyes unclouded by < PROPFEMALE > . 
I wish there was a button that said \Ignore all requests from everyone\ " I don't wanna go through the 100 I have . " 
such a waste . 
I'd like to go to bed knowing I couldn't have done any better . 
Can someone explain to me \to write love on her arms \"?" 
Today was a good day . 
took a chainsaw to a witch & lived . 
why must Matsuda 2809s be worth a small fortune =[ 
persist 
I got misery in my bones . 
? Praise a right now praise . ? 
Life has a natural sort of ... forward momentum . Some things are inevitable . 
A good day @ the range 
Y tu < PROPFEMALE > ... Se me clava en los ojos como < PROPFEMALE > espa . De amores llora < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , y < PROPFEMALE > sirve e pañuelo , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mariposa . 
For love is strong as death & jealousy is cruel as the grave . 
it's about that time . 
maybe I don't know how things work around here , but I for damn sure know how they should . 
Aaaaand my computer is officially maxed out . Time for a new one -_- 
No sense in standing around . 
“Tell me and I'll forget ; show me and I may remember ; involve me and I'll understand . ” 
THIS is why I don't eat fast food . 
\It is good that we have all the cards on the table ; I regret that you had the better hand . \"" 
“When you're thirsty it's too late to think about digging a well” 
“I also remember the moment my life changed , the moment I finally said , '' I've had it ! I know I'm much more than I'm demonstrating mentally , emotionally , and physically in my life ' . ' I made a decision in that moment which was to alter my life forever . I decided to change virtually every aspect of my life . I decided I would never again settle for less than I can be . ” 
Give it a ponder . 
“We must all suffer one of two things : the pain of discipline or the pain of regret and disappointment . ” 
I want you to live , happy and free , but I can't separate the present , from what use to be . 
In our search for truth , we often find that we're on a \need to know\ " basis . " 
I remember why you were important . 
A good day on EMS 1 
pain isn't real . 
forget it . 
Find a reason to laugh every day . 
Vengeance from the grave , killed the people he once saved . 
Only a woman can make doing right , feel wrong . 
If it wasn't for you , I wouldn't believe in miracles . 
happy holidays . 
let's try something different . 
\Stronger men than you have tried and failed . \"" 
Your < PROPFEMALE > to change must be greater than your < PROPFEMALE > to stay the same . 
Don't worry , baby , everything will be alright . 
What you will not do , do for love . 
So true , funny how it seems , always in time , but never in line . Head over heels when toe to toe . This is the sound of my soul , this is the sound . 
It was the best of times ; It was the worst of times . 
There's a difference between giving up on someone , and accepting them for who they are . 
\Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do . \"- Voltaire " 
Ignorance is our greatest enemy . 
Let your words and your actions be of the same heart . 
? For it's your praise that produces fresh oil and it's the oil of the anointing that destroys every yoke . So you need to reach down inside into the depths of your soul and bring forth a right now praise . ? 
Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney is the best game ever . 
Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and < PROPFEMALE > not unto thine own understanding . 6 In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he shall direct thy paths . 
You've either got excuses , or excellence . Those are your only two options . 
? Illusive lover , close yet worlds apart . I fear that , with a whisper , you could break my heart ~ ? 
Put God first . 
? Seems like , street lights , glowing , happen to be just like moments , passing , in front of me ; so I hoped in , the cab , & I payed my fare . See , I know my destination , I'm just not there . ? 
Mind over matter ; spirit beyond flesh . 
Self-reliance is a starting point , not a goal . 
I trust you to be who you are , and nothing more . 
\You can't solve a problem with the same brain that created it . \ " —Albert Einstein " 
I think any person of merit has enemies as well as friends . 
Of all the roads I've traveled , none have led to paradise , but I believe that they all can't lead to perdition , can they ? 
? You always hurt the one you love , the one you shouldn't hurt at all . You always take the sweetest < PROPFEMALE > , and crush it till the petals fall . You always break the kindest heart , with a hasty word you can't recall , so if I broke your heart last night , it's because I love you most of all ...? 
I'll be seeing you , in all the familiar places . 
\Your days are numbered . \"" 
is thankful . 
Try , try again . 
I will not be discouraged 
Psalm 27 , < PROPFIRST > 7:7 , Romans 8:28 
Sometimes , one glorious moment takes many laborious years to craft . 
Full Metal Jacket 
\Is that you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? Is this me ? \"" 
? Everybody's gotta learn sometime ? 
I'm , on a boat . 
Lake < PROPFIRST > is smaller than you might think . 
Here today , gone tomorrow . 
All that glitters is not gold . 
Life is too short 
Not deciding , is a decision . 
? I've seen fire and I've seen rain . I've seen < PROPFEMALE > days that I thought would never end . I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend , but I always thought that I'd see you again . ? 
The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man , that they are vanity . 
Come home . 
\Congratulations on successfully earning your national EMS certification . \"" 
some works are slow going by nature . 
The spell has been broken . 
Politics , as a whole , seems to be just a tempest of straw mans , red herrings , and outright hate-mongering . If only people could channel all that negative energy into pushing for the changes that will benefit themselves as well as their communities , instead of just tossing dirt on propositions they don't understand or agree with . All the same ; I hope the House makes the ' right ' decision . 
When you are just one step away from reaching your goals in life , that actually is a crossroad , and it's up to you to look both ways . 
What you won't do , do for love . 
? So long , I've been looking too hard , I've been waiting too long . Sometimes I don't know what I will find , I only know it's a matter of time ... ? 
Fall seven times , stand up eight . 
I'm just trying to figure it out . 
You've got heart , and I like it . 
Love is about cherishing something for what it is , not for what it can do . 
Don't let people jerk you around . 
Sometimes , all you can do is laugh . 
Ever have an appointment for something , and you mix up the am & the pm ? Yeah , just did that . 
Trust In your hands . 
It's never gonna be just the right time . 
They got nothin ' on you . 
I don't have time for games . 
Move 300 lb TV out of the house & to the dump[X ] Buy replacement flatscreen [ ] 
Wireless Networking is serious business . 
Docking procedure , is serious business . 
Confirm [ ] Ignore [ X ] 
Life is like a shooting range . You're going to have to be willing to miss to hit the bullseye . 
Just came to the knowledge that only sports games have a native resolution of 1080p on PS3 
The battle still rages against the greatest menace our people have ever known , Pollen . There have been many casualties but we must not give up the fight . 
is his own worst enemy . 
pragmatism is often mistaken for cruelty 
Dear God , cast me upon the anvil of life , that I might be tempered by the fires of adversity , and forged by the hammer of your will . 
is blowin ' it . 
did the best he could . 
I thank God for every lesson learned , I just wish the cost of such knowledge wasn't the people closest to me . 
Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you 
Jazz Ensemble @ 7:30 , yessss 
Few things are more frustrating than technology that doesn't work as outlined in the instructions . 
Eureka ? 
has got some new found direction . 
God answers prayer . 
has to remind himself not to try so hard . 
loves those dear hearts and gentle people who live & love in his home town . 
is good . 
\To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice . \"" 
I'm attracted to the path less traveled . 
It's not impossible . 
IF YOU PLAN TO GET A JOB : Facebook Changed Privacy Settings Again >> As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"-- it's at the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > . Please copy & repost to allow people to choose for themselves " 
Everything Has an End , Even Sadness . 
Unschooling is the stupidest thing I've ever heard . 
Life is a lot like a whip : despite our best efforts , it snaps and cracks in ways unforeseeable . Our best solution ? Try to keep a handle on things , no matter how volatile . 
You'll be the first to know . 
Sometimes , it feels like life pours it on real thick . 
Be honest with yourself . 
? I bought a novel , some perfume , a fortune all for you , but it's not my conscience that hates to be untrue . I asked of my reflection , tell me , what is there to do ~ ? 
I'll know for sure by monday/tuesday 
Sometimes , a man's got to be big enough to realize how small he is . 
“Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out . ” 
Don't stop talking to me , I haven't been listening . This operation's been abandoned once again . 
House is such a great show . 
“No one is willing to acknowledge a fault in himself when a more agreeable motive can be found for the estrangement of his acquaintances” - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Shorty is an eenie , meenie , miney , mo lover 
Real life doesn't have a soundtrack . 
There's a romance in grayscale lost in every other medium . 
It takes every drop of water to make an ocean . 
Quit wasting people's time . 
SNAFU 
\Don't let your old morals and values confuse you . You're living in a very different world now . \"" 
Murder/Serial Killer shows in Florida are getting old . 
Typical . 
you've got to live your life the best you know how . 
74% of all statistics are made up . 
? Don't worry , baby , everything will be alright ? 
The same ol ' song & dance . 
Uncertainty is the only clear reality . 
You can find beauty anywhere , if only you open your eyes and really look . 
Just beat Red Dead Redemption . 
Water was good . 
Let us find that which is hidden in plain sight . 
One day I'll look for you , and you'll be gone . 
You know it's raining when thunder cracks , and a car alarm goes off . 
Negative feedback loop . 
I want to < PROPMALE > fewer relationships through facebook and more face to face . 
\The soil of a man's heart is stonier . A man grows what he can ... and he tends it \"" 
Once in awhile there's this girl I don't know in my dreams . She reminds me of a lot of people , but she's someone that I've never seen , and she's perfect . 
\Is this what it is to have a heart ? To make us do what cannot be measured by reason ? Make us ashamed of our own ugliness ? What a truly strange thing it is ... \"" 
Heart break never breaks even . 
\It's important to be straight-forward honest with people . \"" 
Obama is screwin ' up real good . 
says stupid things in texts . 
Lie to me . 
Too many variables . 
So correct me if I'm wrong : There are no Environmental Engineers , or any real engineers of any kind really , on Obama's panel to remedy the Oil spill ? 
Get over it 
I'll cross that bridge when I come to it . 
the heart wants what it wants . 
Everybody's gotta learn , sometime . 
Some people just aren't worth the trouble . 
Why is life so short ? Because its brevity makes it beautiful , gives it meaning , gives it value . 
is learning to love you , just as you are . 
I am drawn to places not yet built , to people not yet formed by the callused hands of life . I long for a future not yet present . 
? All of times have come . Here , but now they're gone . Seasons don't fear the Reaper , nor do the wind , and the sun , and the rain . We can be like they are ? 
Raindrops keep fallin ' on my head . But that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turnin ' red . Cryin's not for me ' cause , I'm never gonna stop the rain by complainin ' and because I'm free , nothin's worryin ' me . 
I hate when I see shows about EMS/ER situations , and they do things wrong . 
Complacency is not of my character . 
? So can you do me a favor ? If I pull it together , make it sooner than later ; we won't be here forever . ? 
is burning bridges , shore to shore . 
Why do I keep seeing pictures of people holding weapons , without magazines in the wells ? 
can't win for losing & can't get out of the game . 
Twilight is stunting the mental , emotional , and social growth of our women . It is a plague , one I will not facilitate , now , nor will I in the future . 
Firefox 4 Beta 1 = Google Chrome , wait .... 
is Iraq < PROPFIRST > . 
\PREDATORS\ " sucked . " 
peace . 
is listening to Mer de Noms once again . 
Here I am expecting a little too much from the wounded . But I see , see through it all , see through , see you . 
\I can be your pokey . \"" 
\You've got one thing money & practice can't buy : You look like a nice guy . \"" 
is busy being blue . 
\All those moments will be lost in time ... like tears in rain . \"" 
And the LORD said unto Cain , Where is < PROPMALE > thy brother ? And he said , I know not : Am I my brother's keeper ? 
As the days draw to a close , and I have a moment to myself , I realize that people , most people even , are delusional . From their worth , to their abilities , to what others think of them , their perception of reality is always just a bit off . Every morning I look in the mirror and try to see what truly is , and not just what I'm comfortable with . 
Inception was disappointing . 
Air suspension on the < PROPMALE > isn't working ; good start to the rest of my day off . 
Never surrender your dreams . 
Sometimes , dead is better . 
All wars are civil wars because all men are brothers . 
Knowledge itself is valuable , but the ability to acquire more of it , is invaluable . 
Movies , they don't make ' em like they use to . 
Had a Homewrecker from Moe's . Why do they make them so big ? 
A word from me to you : Don't waste my time . 
Fast food feels fuzzy , cuz it's made from stuff that's scuzzy . 
Me + Ambulance = SNAFU 
Nothing wagered , nothing gained . 
All those who claim to < PROPFEMALE > the < PROPMALE>'s seal , are not of His court . You have been warned . 
Any photographers out there ? I'm trying to decide on a prospective camera to travel with . I don't want a point & shoot , and want to get into DSLR without spending a fortune . I like the Nikon D3000 , but I'm not sure what all my options are with entry-levels . 
? Now can we all pray , Each in his own way ? Teaching and Learning , And we can work it out . We'll have a warm bed , We'll have some warm bread , And shelter from the storm dread , And we can work it out . Mother Nature feeds all , In famine and drought . Tell those selfish in ways , Not to share us out . What's a tree without root , Lion without tooth , A lie without truth , you hear me out ? ? 
dreams of dead people . 
work , work , work 
somehow knows it'll all turn out . You'll make him work , so you can work , to work it out . He promises you , kid , he'll give so much more than he gets . He just hasn't met you yet . 
forget . 
Look to Jesus , and live . 
Some things slide by so carelessly . 
El < PROPFEMALE > disait jamais plus je < PROPFEMALE > ferais , \ 
Donnes-moi une autre chance . \ 
Je dis : Pourquoi n'es-tu pas venu ? Pourquoi ne l'as-tu pas fait ? 
: You tell me , man , I just work here . 
\Unthinkable\ " is a great movie . " 
finally figured it out . 
Don't try so hard . 
is a Jack-Wagon . 
Sometimes we pretend for the sake of peace . 
\You're only as healthy as you feel . \"" 
form lacking substance 
Maybe one day you'll realize that ... despite your most valiant efforts , it wasn't you . It was me . 
Be someone's champion . 
dreams in piano . 
Arthur : < PROPMALE > , can you make her love me ? \ 
< PROPMALE > : Now look ! I once stood exposed to the dragon's breath so that a man could lie one night with a woman ; it took me 9 moons to recover , all for this lunacy called love , this madness tempered that strikes down beggar and < PROPMALE > . Never again ... never ! 
is keeping it simple . 
? So can you do me a favor ? If I pull it together , make it sooner than later . ? 
Peace & love . 
? Girl , do I do , what you do , when I do my love to you ? 
When you find stupidity , ignorance , apathy , immaturity , or prejudice , be not surprised . 
The short-comings of others in any endeavour you wish to undertake * must * be a planned & accounted for contingency . 
is gonna bleed himself dry . 
Don't think so far ahead . 
There's a saying : The squeaky wheel gets the oil . There's also another saying : The duck that quacks , gets shot . 
\The journey IS the destination\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
< PROPFEMALE > de Vivre 
Some people aren't worth helping . 
Six word Memoir : Life ; You only get one shot . 
? I don't wanna play the fool no more . I'm tryin ' to make up for lost time ... ? 
“In the book of life , the answers aren't in the back . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Brown . 
found something unfamiliar . 
happy days are here again . 
stay abreast . 
be brave . 
six word memoirs : Try to do right by others . 
it's a strange psychology . 
? < PROPFEMALE > days , everybody loves them . Tell me , baby , can you stand the rain ? ? 
Eventually , we all have to grow up , or miss out on some great things . 
? And I always find something wrong . You've been putting up with my shit just way too long . I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most , so I think it's time for us to have a toast ... ? 
Sometimes doing the right thing , ain't doin ' the right thing . 
“To discern the true nature of man , one need look no further than the palm of his hand . ” 
My Saturday has been as busy as a week day . 
Assimilate 
Everyday may not be a victory , but no day has to be a defeat . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . They've been much appreciated . 
\No one can teach me to forget\ " - < PROPFIRST > Vogan ( The Lovers on the Bridge [ 1991 ]) " 
? I done been to the river , swam up the stream , stood on the mountain top ; I swear it leans . Like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > said , girl , “I had a dream” , but I never stopped loving you , girl ~ .? 
I don't like being able to see the future . 
It is easier to be frustrated than it is to be determined , and it is far nobler to be understanding than to be offended . 
? It's difficult , but even so . ? 
The sun is gone before it shines . 
Life is a bout anticipating & managing potential risk . 
is keeping you at arm's length . 
plans are a preferred course of unwritten history . 
Stay safe , stay 2nd Amendment . 
What a waste . 
Relax 
is troubled by the Archer's Paradox . 
Nuts . 
“The First Amendment was designed to protect offensive speech , because nobody ever tries to ban the other kind” - < PROPFIRST > Godwin 
All that is gold does not glitter . 
It seems like having a majority of your distribution automated drastically reduces overhead , and for certain markets , works very well , i.e Redbox , Netflix , Hulu , Gamefly . 
? Now I've got heartache by the < PROPFIRST > , troubles by the score ; Ev'ryday you love me less , Each day I love you more . ? 
\The only easy day was yesterday . \"" 
Say goodbye to my heart , tonight . 
is trying to get square with the House . 
Small victories , simple pleasures . 
“A nation under a well regulated government , should permit none to remain uninstructed . It is monarchical and aristocratical government only that requires ignorance for its support . ” < PROPFIRST > Paine , Rights of Man , 1792\ 
\ 
Do a little research before you vote today . 
? I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad ...? 
You can't shoe-horn the future . 
? A little bit further , I'll find my rest , in the shadow of the valley , that I love best . ? 
is rollin ' the dice & having some faith . 
doesn't know who you are . 
doesn't want what you're selling . 
\You can keep it . I got a pitbull now . \"" 
\Conflict is the < PROPFEMALE > of creation . \"" 
What you could be doing is often a distraction from what you should be doing . 
So my gmail is @ 666 messages in my inbox , and only at 666 does it like to crash & freeze up ; curious . 
Who are you when I'm not lookin ? I want to know . 
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over . ~ F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald 
See you on the other side ? 
Voices ... a thousand , thousand voices whispering , \The time has passed for choices . \"" 
The sleeper has awakened . 
“Let us rise up and be thankful , for if we didn't learn a lot today , at least we learned a little , and if we didn't learn a little , at least we didn't get sick , and if we got sick , at least we didn't die ; so , let us all be thankful . ” -Hindu < PROPMALE > Gautama Siddharta , the founder of Buddhism 
Then all the assembly answered and said with a loud voice , “Yes ! As you have said , so we must do . \ " , 2010-11-26 15:10:52 " 
\Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over ? to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found . \ " -Pema Chodron ( Buddhist nun ) " 
Whenever you're ready . 
I think I like the new facebook 
Everyday , be better . 
There must be some kind of way out of here . 
got started on the wrong foot this morning 
Greed and corruption will see to the end of caution . 
It's easier this way 
Dust & ash forever . 
Meeting interesting people in unfamiliar places . 
The only relationship one can have that is not complicated , is the one we have with our God . 
? So I think I'll stay , caught up in a silent prayer , because I believe in silence ; Our hearts speak the same words ~ . ? 
? Stuttering , cold and damp , \ 
Steal the warm wind , tired friend . \ 
Times are gone for honest men , \ 
And sometimes far too long for snakes ... \ 
In my shoes , a walking sleep\ 
And my youth I pray to keep . \ 
Heaven send , Hell away , \ 
No one sings like you anymore ~ ? 
Grow Wings . 
is a rabbit in your headlights , scared of the spotlight . 
This is not the true path . 
\first impressions are often wrong . \"" 
Fish food . 
? I'm not talking about moving in , and I don't wanna change your life , but there's a warm wind blowing , the stars are out , and I'd really love to see you , tonight . ? 
I miss College Dropout Kanye . 
Baby , I got a plan : Runaway fast as you can . 
? The rhythm is the bass and the bass is the treble ? 
\Never give them the < PROPMALE > to doubt you . \"" 
Who watches The Watchers ? 
