i hope everyone has a good new year :) 

My birthday is coming up soon woohoo !!!!! im so excited its october 23 :) 
this friday is my birthday woohoo im so excited !!!!! 
sorry i wasnt at school thursday or friday was feeling sick , but i am feeling a lot better since then hope you all have a happy thanksgiving :) 
holy crap who is in that photo on the very right < PROPFEMALE > she is very pretty :) 
i now have two more friends now yay !!! :) < PROPFEMALE > who is awesome :) <3 and a friend from school :) 
INSIDE HER SQUIRREL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY AND HAVE A HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! :) <3 
yay no school tommorow hope everyone has a good break god bless us all :) 
hope everyone likes my profile picture just uploaded it god bless us all :) 
my spring break and my life sucks !!! :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( 
tommorow im going to a going away party , it will be very special and very fun i hope that she will be very successful and happy 
Today I ask myself will I succeed with college and my career ? will I ever find true love ? will I be happy and loved when all is said and done ? will I have lived a peaceful and joyful life ? I dont know but what I do know is that so far im succeding , accomplishing my goals , and living a hapy and joyful life and for that i have my friends , family , and God to thank for that God bless everyone :) <3 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s b day party tommorow !! :) 
Friday im going to the movies with some of my best friends :) <3 
going to the movies today with some of my best friends :) 
last night was really fun with my brother and his friends ! 
cant go to sleep and im scared 
Today is going to be a really good day ! :) God bless everyone 
tired of feeling alone and tired of feeling like nobody understands me at all 
today is a good day 
last night i realized how sad and depressed i am 
today i was supposed to apply at publix for a job but instead i got sick and had to wait at the clinic for 2 hours for my medicine and nothing went according to plan :(((((((( :'(((((((((( 
today was horrible i was supposed to go on a date but she had to cancel :'( oh well try again this weekend or next weekend :'( >:( 
just got back from the uproar concert and it was soooooo epic !!!!!!!!! the best part was disturbed and avenged sevenfold i got to listen to them live for the first time :)))) <33333 disturbed and avenged sevenfold forever !!!!! 
today a special someone came over to my house and i had the absolute best time with her we laughed , smiled , < PROPMALE > out , played games , and all sorts of things but when i ask her out she gladly said yes and looked at me deep into my eyes and kissed me for the first time < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > i love u !!!!!! :) <3 
Hey baby . <3 I love you <3 :) 
' s novia hackeado la cuenta de su novio . . . otra vez . Te amo mi amor . 
all friends who play cafe world and farmville plz let me be your neighbor or accept my neighbor request if i sent u one i need all the help i can get god bles u all and may peace be with u all :) 
< PROPMALE > Millsap believes in Jesus Christ , put this on your wall . Dont just ignore this because the bible says if you deny him , he will deny you in front of his father at the gates of heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not ashamed then copy this to your wall <3 
cant sleep -_- 
at exactly 5:28 a.m. last night the sacrifice update and dlc came out for l4d and l4d2 and of course i dont have enough points to get the dlc ( greedy jerks ) but sooner or later i will have enough points to have what i want :( 
tommorrow hopefully hanging out with one of my best friends and my baby girl :) 
hanging out with my baby tommorrow !!!!! :) 
xbox live is really frustrating me !!!!! >:( 
i am very happy and very lucky i have the best girlfriend in the world < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > i love you soooooooooooooooooooo much !!!! :) <3 
waiting for her return and still missing my baby :'( 
i would like to thank all my dear and sincere friends for wishing me a happy birthday god bless you all and have a good day :) <3 
cant wait for saturday !!! 
unfortanently my plans to go see my baby are changed to sunday :( 
apparently my best friend really really knows how to make me very furious 
only one more week to go :/ 
today was fantastic my mom will get better , < PROPMALE > out with my girlfriend , and i got one of my three gifts early for christmas !!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! May our holy father bless you all with peace , love , joy , and happiness this year !!! God bless us everyone !!! :) 
so angry i cant sleep 
the worst night of my life 
got a new cell post your cell number as soon as yall can 
all i want is happiness but i cant have that all i want to be is happy but i cant have that all i want to be is loved by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > but i lost her and cant have that at all i want is to have her back but now i know i cant ever in my life have her and now i know that she never wants me at all in any way for as long as i live so now i will live alone , sad , depressed , and missing her forever :'(((((( 
mad at dead rising 2 its optional that i may trade it in and get both ninety nine nights 
had better days and my right ankle is killing me ! :( 
is coming down with something ... 
doesnt feel good at all 
feeling better but still alone ......... 
need someone to talk too 
in a really good mood :) :D 
cant wait for sunday !!! :) :D 
cant wait for tommorrow !!!!!!!!! :D 
extremely mad 
applied at publix today so hopefully i will be blessed with a job and who knows what else i might be blessed with :D 
just got home from helping mom for her paper route it feels good to help someone no matter how big or how small the task is !!!! :D 
single and waiting .... 
things are starting to look up for me emotionally mabye this is just the begginning for whats in store for me yet ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > Lopez marathon on tonight im so happy !!! :) 
i just found out something horrible about my father and his father which is also why im saying this for those of you that have your father still and when you were growing up you need to love , < PROPFEMALE > , appreciate , and listen to your father in every way possible and every day because you could be like me or thousands mabye millions of others that dont have a father while growing up and still now 
is my passion that noticable is it good or bad and if so why ? 
crying and unhappy ... 
