I take off my clothes , but I trip over my jeans cause I'm still wearing my shoes , but it's okay cause I turn it all into a sexy dance . Next thing you know I'm wearing absolutely nothing .... Except for my socks . And you know when I'm down to just my socks what time it is ... It's business time . 

I need 1 Brick , 2 Horseshoes , 3 Nails and 3 Boards for my stable ! Help me out here ! 
Still need 2 nails and 2 boards ! XD 
1 Board and 1 Nail left ! Hook me up ! 
Blah . 
Accidentally sold my half finished nursery =( Now I gotta start all over =( A little help please ? 
Hey soldier boy , So fragile , so narrow , now the price of your blood is measured in barrels . God damn Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s got a plan with that rifle in his hand , man we got a holy war . The Holy Land is the new Vietnam , bodies burning in the sand , damn , it's a holy war . 
Global tensions running wild , Bodies float across the Nile , Anthrax spilled in vials , Oil wells burn for < PROPMALE > , How many troops are goin ' in , fighting this war that we can't win ? Hey Mr. President there's oil drippin ' down your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yay ! I got my Reef Shark on Mafia Wars ! 
Send me FrontierVille stuff please ! =) 
Need 2 Nails and 1 Paint Bucket in FrontierVille . Could use some help . Thanks 
One more paint bucket =( 
Happy Father's Day to me and to all the other dad's out there ! 
There's been a stupid dog barking across the field since I've been here . 4 Hours . ( probably longer ) 
I would give you the stars in the sky but they're too far away . If you were a hooker you know , I'd be happy to pay . If suddenly you were a guy , I'd be suddenly gay . Cause my heart belongs to you , My love is pure and true , My heart belongs to you . 
I know you feel like the walls are closing in on you , it's hard to find relief , and people can be so cold . When darkness is upon your door and you feel like you can't take anymore , let me be the one you call , if you jump i'm ready to fall , lift you up and fly away with you into the night , if you need to fall apart i can mend a broken heart , if you need to crash , then crash and burn you're not alone ... 
I\ 
would give you the stars in the sky but they're too far away . If you \ 
were a hooker you know , I'd be happy to pay . If suddenly you were a guy , \ 
I'd be suddenly gay . Cause my heart belongs to you , My love is pure and\ 
true , My heart belongs to you ... 
I believe I can fly , I believe I can touch the sky , I think about it every night and day , spread my wings and fly away .. 
There's just one person I have left to express my feelings towards . Too bad she means too much to my wife or it would have been done . 
Yay for 60 hour work weeks . 
How we cried the day you left us , gathered around your grave to grieve . Wish I could see the Angel's faces when they hear your sweet voice sing . So go rest high on that mountain , Son your work on earth is done , Go to Heaven shouting , Love for the Father and the Son . 
These Facebook games are getting retarded ... And I'm pretty sure they're burning a hole into my brain , or whatever's left of it . 
If your dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helps you no matter how bad you are or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your dad , and that you love him dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one dad 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this ! 
