so im going to start school in a few weeks wish me luck im taking 15 credits at west hills im taking parenting , child development , music app ., college success , and marriage and family relations 2 at school classes and 3 online yay me ! 

im so nervous about school ive been having morning and night sickness not throwing up but i sure as hell feel like it my mom thinks im spaghetti sauce 
oh ya we got our internet back ! 
hates dentists with a passion . i had my wisdom teeth surgically removed wednesday and im having so much pain to day i want to cry . i dont know if its kas i worked today or what it is but damn it fucking hurrrrts 
so my week has been nutso on saterday me and < PROPMALE > get into a wreck leaving the car undriveable and then tuesday night my grandma goes to the hospital for chest pain but shes okay now released yesterday no heart attack and the tow company took the car to get fixed today and now im at school doing homework or was doing homework rather but ya crazy week for me 
stuck at West Hills until 8 been here since 12 30 I WANNA GO HOME !!!!! 
has to finish a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper in 3 hours and am only on < PROPFEMALE > 3 
Im going to the Navy . I got an appointment for M.E.P.S but they want me to go sooner if anyone could cover my shift at work on saturday 7-11 please let me know it will help me out A LOT ! okay thanks 
okay so i was hoping to go to M.E.P.S. tomorrow so i got my shift covered at work and called my recruiter and they closed MEPS this weekened due to not enough people grrr i am so mad so now i go on the 16th and 17th like originally planned wish me luck oh and for those who dont know M.E.P.S. is to take the asvab test and to get medical clearance before going to boot camp 
Ugh what a day up at 3 then work which was hard and flustrating ( someone missed their shift ) but its okay , then straight to school ( boring class ) now to do my homework then go home and try to rest ... my bed souds good right now 
go go class registration !!! 
! @$&#$@#$$ I hate the west hills website its taking so long to load class selections 
hating class registration ive been trying for over 2 and a half hours and got nothing ! 
im at meps and it is so early in the morning i have to go get poked and proded now wish me luck see you all soon !! 
hey all im selling PartyLite candles if anyone would like to order some it would help me out a lot just send me your E-mail address and ill send you a direct link to the site these are very good candles they dont produce smoke and the votives last 15 hours and burn clean please help me make my sales goal thanks everyone 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!! 
Oh yea btw everyone i got engaged on the 21st 
missing home like crazy cant wait to fly back ! 
waitingf for my fiance to get back from picking his brother up from the airport 
Happy new year , went to bed early last night .. things u do when u got a baby .. hope you had fun ! 
Sad day ... hurry and be tomorrow 
i hate the rain im at school and im soaked ! 
At school again Yay me ! 
im confused and worried trying to figure some stuff out 
Is excited I have my first prenatal appointment on wednesday ! 
update on my pregnancy : im now 9 weeks along but am considered high risk now . I have been taken off of work until i can eat normally and have lower blood pressure . Hope my new meds keep working ! 
My cat had kittens two weeks ago if anyone is interested in adopting one there free and should be ready in like 6 weeks let me know i have 3 orange and one calico 
The calico cat is spoken for if anyone is interested in an orange < PROPFEMALE > they'll b ready in about 7 weeks 
Been awake since 4 30 < PROPMALE > went to work at 4 today and i cant sleep without him this is not good 
Hey everyone I know that most of you probably dont want another animal but I have 3 cute kittens that will be ready to leave in like 2 weeks and I dont wanna give them to someone at wal-mart . I posted piks and would appreciate anyone who knows of someone who wants a cat or would like one themselves my number is 836-9146 text or call me if you are interested 
Hey all I still have some very cute kittens that I need to give away even if you know someone who wants one let me know there are 3 orange ones and their piks are posted so go look and fall in love ! my number is 836-9146 call or text if you are interested 
is not enjoying living at home and wants to go to nebraska as soon as possible ... now where was that money tree again ? Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will be able to find the money to move us back there the sooner im away from here the better ! 7 and soon to be 8 people in a 2 bed 1 bath house is rediculous im ready to GO !! 
need help with my nursery barn ( bottles and blankets ) and with my botanical garden if anyone will be so kind as to send me some materials thank you 
Ok so its just about official I'm moving on the 18th of June ... Packing what I can fit in my car and just going please be happy for me 
Hey everyone if u dont know already im having a little girl her name is Rashel < PROPFIRST > Marsh i expect her october 24th i am also moving to < PROPFIRST > nebraska on june 15th so wish us luck 
Love you all ! 
Sitting at home watching < PROPMALE > wash his car waiting to see if my check Will come in the mail 
Only 10 days left I'm starting to get nervous now its ganna be a long road trip with baby < PROPFIRST > crushing my bladder but I'm sooo ready to go 
i just got back to my grandmas house after walking the mall and seeing a movie with her and my mom i am so tired i could die ! is it bed time yet ? looking forward to the move on the 14th and my \baby shower\ " on the 12th good times ! " 
Been up since 6 30 waiting at mcdonalds to go home grandma needed to talk to her buddies this morning 
Been at storage since 11 finally done and headed home filthy dirty and exhausted I'm so glad that's done with 
Finally taking my cat to get spayed I am so glad I won't have to keep her locked inside all her life she drives me crazy 
Just got my cat back from the Spay clinic and it is so funny watching her come out of anesthesia ... Poor thing had a medium pregnancy though 
If anyone needs to Spay or neuter their animal i suggest the valley Oak Spca in visalia they do vaccines and Spay/neuter vaccines are only $18 and are from Mon-fri 9-11 they Spay for my cat cost $50 and I got her back the same day I really liked how nice they were the number is 7411121 good luck ! 
Ok were headed out goodbye California hello Nebraska 
Now on I15 going to salt lake then getting a hotel ! 
Just got a hotel in st. < PROPFIRST > Utah trip is at a stand still for now ! 
Been at the hotel long enough time to pack and get going 
On the road again 
Fell asleep at a gas station for a couple hours were right inside Wyoming on the i80 
Happy 4th of July hope everything goes well 
Stupid rain ruins everything just started the fireworks and we got rained out ! 
stupid union bank is retarded giving me the run around again ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is having a boy ... no idk but i hope its a boy kas she cursed me saying mine was ganna be a girl and thats what im ganna get so hers is ganna be a boy because i said so ... plus her due date is 3 days afer Jeremiahs birthday so since hes a boy her baby is ganna be a boy kas my due date is 3 days after her birthday thats why im getting a girl ! 
< PROPFIRST > is becoming more active by the day ! this is going to be one wild child hope the world is ready kas im not sure i am ! 
doesnt want to be so big anymore lol its getting harder to move , sleep , walk ... pluss im ALWAYS hungry why cant october 24th be here sooner ? 
If u have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for u , who works hard & would do anything for u , that makes u laugh , that's ur best friend , who u want to grow old with , who is ur world & someone that ur thankful for every night , then post this as ur status & let him and the world know .. 
getting increasingly tired durring the day , carrying around < PROPFIRST > is getting tireing cant lay on my side anymore it hurts my ribs and back too much ... going to get my RH shot tomorrow ganna talk to the doc about what to do about all this pain/discomfort . wish me luck 
new photos if anyones interested 
< PROPMALE > finally got his glasses yesterday and now he has to pass the eye exam at work and he starts Monday ! im so happy for him ! 
Being pregnant is getting old i wish i could see and hold her already at least she would be out of my rib cage ! but what can you do right ? i do hope that my blood pressure stays down though its been getting kinda high and they are keeping an eye on it 
new photos available if anyone is interested 
finally thought id post my sonogram photos these are old she is a lot bigger now 
ok so i know its way to early to plan < PROPFIRST>'s first but i couldn't help myself i love the zoo and while looking at zoo prices i found a party plan and its not really expensive either 12 kids , 6 adults for $70 + $2 for anyone extra includes cupcakes , kool aid , 12 invites , party favors , autograph bear for birthday person , zoo tour , personal animal visit , souvenir cup , feed the ducks , and playground time 
i thought that the world had lost its sway(its so hard sometimes)then i fell in love with you(then came you)and you took that away(its not so difficult , the world is not so difficult)you take away the oldshow me the newand i feel like i can flywhen i stand next to youso what if I'm on this phonea hundred < PROPMALE > from homei take the words you gaveand send them back to you 
ok going back to sleep if i can ive been up for 5 hours maybe i can sleep now 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Tired and don't feel real well im going to lay down in bed 
OK this sucks im already cold and getting sick what the hell am i going to do when winter comes around ill be a Krispy-cicle 
i feel so exhausted all the time and all i want to do is sleep all day long 40-33 = 7 god thats a long time hope she decides to come out a little sooner but not too soon of course 
Trying to research tattoo parlors so that when < PROPFIRST > comes i can get the tattoo that i want found some in < PROPFEMALE > . I hope that they wont charge that much i know what i want but < PROPMALE > still needs to decide if hes still getting one im getting her footprint , name and birth date trick is i want it as an optical illusion like if you step in the sand and it leaves a print but on my back if that makes sense 
When the doctor gives u happy pills say thank you may I have some more ? Lol doesn't help with my pain but I feel good anyway 
Oompa , Loompa , doom-pa-dee-do I have a perfect puzzle for you Oompa , Loompa , doom-pa-dee-dee If you are wise , you'll listen to me \ 
What do you get when you guzzle down sweets ? Eating as much as an elephant eats What are you at getting terribly fat ? What do you think will come of that ? \ 
I don't like the look of it 
ºCOWBOYS WAVE !! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO COWBOYS ! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºL-E-T-S GO ! „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤LET'S GO COWBOYS ! ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øºL-E-T-S GO ! ¤¤º°¨ ¨°¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨COWBOYS WAVE : „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO COWBOYS ! ¤¤º°\ " , 201 0-0 9-24 16:57:33 " 
Good news and bad news ... Bad is I'm on bed rest from high blood pressure good is if I don't have < PROPFIRST > by the 15th I get induced by the 18th so I'm excited ! 
Waiting to go to the doctors office in 2 hours I'm nervous because I have to get checked to see how far I'm dilated because more than likely I will be induced on Monday . So I'm a little scared I'm not entirely sure I'm ready for all of this but hopefully its just last minute jitters Ill let everyone know whats going to happen when i get back ! 
I just got back and I am 1cm dilated and 50% effaced . I am scheduled to go in Monday morning at 7am our time for induction . The doctor is going to do an ultrasound before hand though because he thinks that she may be breach right now . If she is still in the same position on Monday they will try to turn her and if that doesn't work they will do a c-section . So wish me luck everyone looks like I'm ganna need it 
< PROPFIRST > arrived at 12:57 pm . She is 8lbs 7 oz and 20 1/2 inches long . I had to have a c-section because she was breech and I'm in a lot of pain but doing well . Her blood type is O+ and she has a lot of dark brown hair already . Pictures soon to follow . Thank you all for the support . 
Thank you to everyone who has sent us their love me and < PROPFIRST > are doing good looking forward to going home with my baby girl < PROPMALE > is glued to his daughter idk what he is going to do when he has to go back to work he has been wonderful helping me out of bed because of my surgery and changing all of her dirty diapers without complaining he is a wonderful dad i couldnt have asked for more 
I get to go home with < PROPFIRST > today ! 
Went to the doctors yesterday to get my staples out and i feel so much better and am able to move without feeling like im tearing something i lost 20 lbs already and am down to 175 nursing is great for weight loss but i produce more than she can eat so my fridge is filling up with baby milk oh btw little tip to the mothers to be invest in an electrical pump < PROPMALE > will kill your muscles ! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE ! hope you all have fun I Will be passing out < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > but next year she will be tick or treating with everyone else 
Switching < PROPFIRST > from her bassinet to the crib today we will see how it goes ... the bassinet was a lot closer to the bed and the crib is farther away so i have a feeling i will be getting up a lot more to check on her but thats ok < PROPMALE > will have room to get out of bed now 
Ok so its official < PROPFIRST > likes country music its the only way I can calm her down 
I think everyone should listen to this song its sad but so pretty at the same time ... The < PROPFIRST > band - if i die young 
1st person TO COMMENT on this ; You will be myprofile pic for 24 hours . 2nd : your last name is mine for 2 days . 3rd person can dare me to do one thing . 4th : i will write on your wall saying ' ILOVEYOU ' ... 5th person ; can ask me anything ... 6th person i will put we in a relationship for 3 days put this as your status if you ... ' re ... brave enough and ya can't comment more then once ! 
ok so on top of all the things i couldnt eat before because of < PROPFIRST > i now have to add anything milk related to that list i cant have anything that has to do with milk at all not even lactose free milk this sucks no bread , butter , anything ! the doctors think she may have a milk allergy 
I got a baby with a milk allergy that's why she's been sick kas now that I've had no milk her poop isn't water its normal again or at least getting there 
I've carried children within my body . I've slept with babies on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , and spent many , many sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but ... when I look in the mirror , I see a mom , and there is no GREATER honor or blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom ! 
It has been snowing all day there's about 2 or 3 inches already 
< PROPFIRST > will be 1 month old tomorrow time is going by so fast and she is getting too big already cant i go back to October 18th when she was uber small again ? O well tho ill just wait till < PROPFEMALE > has Jayden and hold her kas by then < PROPFIRST > will be 5 months old and big ! 
My poor child has more doctors appointments than god she had blood in her poop last night so now she has to go be seen AGAIN ! 
Tired today < PROPFIRST > didn't go to bed until after 1 in the morning but at least < PROPMALE > was here to help me today 
God I have the biggest fucking headache ever and nothing is helping I ate , took tylenol , slept and its still there 
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving ? 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!! 
Looking for a good tattoo parlor but dont know where to go anyone got an idea ? 
I need everyones address im doing Christmas cards if i dont get your address u dont get a card lol Thanks 
So me and < PROPMALE > will no longer have phones starting today and idk when we will get new ones we are canceling our sprint service and switching to verizon if you need to get ahold of us just message me here im on almost all the time 
Hates that there is never any food in this house just because im the only one home all day doesnt mean i should starve i had to have blueberry pie for breakfast b.c. there is nothing else to eat oh and guess whats for lunch and for dinner if nothing is bought . yay me 
ok so officially our phones will be turned off on the 16th so look for a post for new phone < PROPFIRST > we are still deciding between verizon and viaero , verizon has better coverage but viaero is cheaper decisions decisions 
ok FB friends im addressing my christmas cards all i need to do is get our family picture to put in them if you would like a card i need ur address Thanks 
Change your profile pic to a cartoon from yourchildhood . The Goal ? To not see a human face on fb till Monday Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same !??? 
i only need 3 more people to help with my barn raising please help me out ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > is so cute i love her to pieces 
ok ill play along send me a # to represent yourself and il write how i feel about you 970-576-0385 
21 : what can i say about you cousin .. i remember visiting you 2 different times first time you lived in the country and the chickens ( need i say more ) lol and the second was when you lived in town and i went to a game with you and some of your friends you also have a handsome son who reminds me of chucky from the rugrats 
And you’ll say \Let’s run away now 
Your little hand's wrapped around my finger And it's so quiet in the world tonight\ 
Your little eyelids flutter cause you're dreaming So I tuck you in , turn on your favorite night light To you everything's funny , you got nothing to regret\ 
I'd give all I have , < PROPFEMALE > If you could stay like that 
hey all just got a new phone my number is 3082495609 my other one will stop working on the 16th but i should have both on till then 
I need a life lol cant wait till < PROPFIRST > is big enough to go to school then i can go back to work 
Im really think < PROPFIRST > might start teething soon \\nKristina < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > is a little drooly bug she just doesnt stop and she tries to eat my arm\\nKristina < PROPMALE > 
To all my FaceBook Friends : Would you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx ... 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family ...... Thank you ... 
Hoping the tylenol works 
God damn , mother fucking , son of a bitch , hell , damn it , shit !!! 
Finally got < PROPFEMALE > a doc . appointment to make sure shes teething and its not something else 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes i watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest ... God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the BEST xxPut this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this xmas 
Well I've heard there was a sacred chord \ 
That < PROPFIRST > played and it pleased the Lord \ 
But you don't really care for music , do you ? \ 
\ 
Well it goes like this ... the fourth , the fifth \ 
The minor fall \ 
And the < PROPMALE > lift , \ 
The baffled < PROPMALE > composing Hallelujah 
Off to beddy bie this mommy has had a long couple of days and is hoping for at least 5 hours of sleep tonight we will see what i get 
So the doctor weighed < PROPFEMALE > and she is 10lbs 5.5 oz and they think shes hit a growth spirt thats why shes cranky and shes chewing everything kas shes extra hungry so now i have to feed her like every hour but i can continue to give her tylenol when she seems like shes in pain 
< PROPFIRST > likes < PROPMALE > jr. shes laughing at the tv 
Yo gabba gabba has got to be the stupidest show ever but < PROPFIRST > loves it shes kicking her feet and drooling everywhere 
I figured out why all men act like their the same age as their kids ... kas daddy is just like babby except the D's are flipped around 
im so tired and just want a nap but < PROPFIRST > wont let me 
Wondering how long jordans ganna sleep for shes been out since about 3 30 or so and i got my nap in so im ready for her again lol 
I spoke too soon as soon as i pushed send she woke up 
Some < PROPFEMALE > has a 100 degree temperature waiting for the tylenol to kick in 
I hope everyone is thinking about their new years resolutions only 11 days left < PROPFEMALE > Bloxsom < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Hallelujah < PROPFIRST > slept for 8 hours last night 
Was able to rock < PROPFIRST > to sleep all day today i am so happy my legs finally got a break from bouncing her 
Well looks like i should have taken advantage of < PROPFIRST > sleeping yesterday kas now shes wide awake and i only got like 5 hrs sleep today 
I really dont think its fair that a 2 month old should have to cut teeth < PROPMALE > proposes rum to calm her down 
Im not sure how much more of this i can take she screams like someone dropped her on her head 
So tired that im not even hungry 
Ok not surecif this is normal .. < PROPFIRST > fell asleep around 9pm and its almost 7 am and shes still asleep , its been so long i had to check if shes breathing 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
< PROPFIRST > got her shots today im ganna upload the video soon ! its sooo sad 
Its ganna be a long day ... < PROPFIRST > will only sleep in my arms today 
Over a foot of snow already and its still going ... roads are closed everywhere 
Nights almost over cant wait for tomorrow to get here got places to go and ppl to see lol jk 
Glad today is finally here 
Sitting at my moms house ... yup im in hanford now im ganna be planning a pot luck in like a week i think idk yet 
Having a potluck on saturday for < PROPFIRST > to meet everyone if ur coming please contribute with snacks , a side , or drinks respond here or call my mom 559 583 0132 
Is anyone going to come to my potluck ? 
ganna be going through storage this week to see what i wanna sell ill put piks up when i do 
I love how ppl think they know more about your child than you do 
Its raining booo ! 
At my grandmas for a few days 
Stressed and worried took < PROPFIRST > to the doctor this morning with a 100 temp and was told it was collic but now its 100.2 idk what to do 
Been sucking gallons of green snot out of jordans nose all morning but at least her fever is down 
< PROPFIRST > is now 3 months old ! my how time goes by quick 
I hate how the tv has to be so loud you have to yell to talk 
Well now i feel like Shit can't say why please don't ask just venting 
Good morning every1 looking 4 < PROPMALE > to 12 30 im going to jeanas house for a few days the kids think they like babies we will see after < PROPFIRST > cries for a while 
Ok Nvm Im going to be staying home Aubree is sick and < PROPFIRST > is already having issues so were not going to take the < PROPMALE > of making her worse 
Rain rain go away 
I have a < PROPMALE > headache ! 
Good morning everyone hope your day is going well today hopefully i will get a nap with miss < PROPFIRST > pie today looking forward to march 19th 
For sale-\\n3 drawer hutch/dresser thing-$60\\nmini fridge- $50 \\ni have printers for sale too i just have to find them prices for items are O . B . O . \\n 
Nobody told me that stopping breast feeding would hurt so much anyone got any tricks ? Only one Boob Is engorged and it HURTS ! 
Ok so < PROPFIRST > goes to sleep at 5 pm Yesterday & up at 10 30 goes back to sleep at 11 & up at 2 30 sleep at 3 & Up again at 5 30 my day is gonna be wonderful ! 
Sold my dresser but am still selling my mini fridge 
Has anyone ever experienced something that looks like a giant boogie In baby poo and can tell me what it is 
Watching the best movie ever \I am Sam\ " Its so sad " 
\I am Sam\ " makes me cry every time " 
Starting the day early today been up since 5 and < PROPFIRST > is no where near nap time 
Does anyone want to buy a mini fridge i thought i had it sold but i guess not 
I am way too tired to be a proper mommy today . < PROPFIRST > was up every 3 hours last night and my stupid mom woke her up this morning getting into the fridge 
Oh my god < PROPFIRST > is 4 months old today somebody tell her to stop growing please 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to go to sleep so i can eat all i've had today is a bagel 
So tired can't i just ... Zzzz 
Up all Night due to < PROPFIRST > then a cold shower thank you grandma's house ... Stupid bad day 
Boo my child is losing her hair 
Damn it < PROPFIRST > your supposed to go back to sleep when you wake up at 5:30 ... Looking forward to nap time 
< PROPFIRST>'s hair is all falling out im gonna have a bald baby in a week 
5 minutes till army wives ! 
Fully dialated and now she's just waiting for the baby to come down some more before pushing ! were ganna have a baby here soon ! YAY 
Its official im a stupid idiot who can't do anything right i really hate myself right now 
Boarding soon ! Nervous how < PROPFIRST > is going to be 
Here we go on plane number 2 im so ready for this day to be over 
Just passed < PROPMALE > 
Home sweet ... Great now i gotta clean up this place and figure out how 3 people can fit all their stuff in one room 
Wedding Video is posted and available for all to see it is sideways half way through tho so lol idk turn your head lol 
concerned about how i will be getting to work looking for a car i guess if we can afford it :( 
Been married for a week now , that feels weird to say b.c. nothing changed i just had a big party after telling him i love him and signed a paper feels good tho 
If your spouse is your best friend , works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the year you were married . 2011 
Morning comes too soon < PROPFIRST > Pie has been up since 6 this morning and woke up at like 2 for her bottle 
Is there anyone who is not working tomorrow please please help Cabela's called for an interview at 1 tomorrow and i dont have a sitter or a way out there omg i really need this job and dont want to screw it up * Tears * 
Prayers are answered as soon as my mother in law found out about my interview she volunteered to take off of work early to take me to the interview and watch my daughter 
< PROPFEMALE > Banana 
I get pumpkin Pie ! 
Dear FB friends i have a new note that is < PROPFEMALE > sad but truely a great story i tried to tag everyone in it but it would only do so many please go and read it if you have time its a story about a black lab and will make even the toughest person cry you'll love it thank you 
< PROPFIRST > just did the cutest thing < PROPMALE > had her in his lap while eating a pop-tart and she leaned forward grabbed his hand and tried to pull the pop-tart into her mouth ... i think she wants to be a big girl and eat big girl food 
Its snowing ! 
She fell asleep by herself for the first time today i put her lay under thingy in her crib and played her mobile over and over and She fell asleep 
So i am totally bad at the 30 day challenge i have missed like 5 days already and dont even realize 
Ugh how can such a little baby make such a big mess ! 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... Fresno , Ca 
when the road gets rough \ 
and you had about enough \ 
and you feel like givin up \ 
just remember that it ain't over \ 
so when it feels like you're by youself \ 
stay grindin and you'll find all you need is yourself 
Start work on Monday i want to go to earn money but i don't want to leave my baby i've been with her for almost 6 months 
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY ! 
Ooh ooh 14 days until my birthday i are so EXCITED ! what's everyone gonna get me ? Lol 
Effing CRAPS ! Booo ! :( 
was up from 11- 12:30 b.c. when < PROPFIRST > wakes up it takes me an extra hr to fall back asleep then she woke up at 3 and her daddy decided he didnt think she was tired so he kept her up with him until i put her to bed at 4:15 and tried to go to sleep for that extra 45 < PROPFEMALE > . before having my first day at work and guess what ... no dice oh and did i mention i already threw up today my first day of work ( 10 hr ) 
