I'll be back in the U.S. arriving at 5:30 pm - with < PROPFIRST > of course . See you all soon .... oh yeah on Tuesday the 23rd by the way ! 

I'm in Korea staying at the Novotel Ambassador on Haeundae Beach . Rooms 1410 and 1411 . See you all today/tonight ! 
I got a job ! 
Found an authentic Korean restaurant here in Albuquerque - AWESOME ! 
I'm slowly losing my mind back in the USA ! I need a vacation already ..... 
Next weekend we're going to see U2 and Muse in < PROPMALE > , North < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hates being sick ! 
I just bought DJ Hero - like I'm every gonna have time to actually play it ! 
Can't wait for vacation in Panama . It's getting hard to contain my emotions of stress , over-work , and sleep deprivation for much longer . All work and no play makes Nate a very crazy person to be around ..... 
I feel so unclean after watching \New Moon\ " with my wife and sis-in-law last night . No matter how many showers I take ....... so unclean .... " 
Oh man ..... I really don't want to do anymore work - I mean it's Saturday .... Don't normal people get to , I dunno , enjoy weekends once in a while ! 
It's gonna be an all-nighter yay !! 
in Seattle - will return to ABQ on the 30th . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ( or Happy whatever you celebrate ! ) !! 
We're going out tonight in search of adventure . Hit me up if you're bored and wanna join ! 
Angel Fire was fantastic last weekend with my sweet love - we needed a romantic getaway and for once I was a romantic . Anyone up for a Colorado Ski / Snowboard trip this Spring Break ? I believe it's March 13-21 - somewhere within that timeframe ? I think it would be great . There's still enough snow at that time right ? Guess I'll research it . What's everyone think ? 
Missing old friends and enjoying new ones . Watching some TV for once - the Olympics . It's the simple things you miss like waking in a beautiful city , sitting for coffee and good conversation , and laying in bed with a hangover and being lazy ^_^ Yeah I'm definitely over-working myself lately and I need to get back to enjoying the essence of life ! Parties tonight ? Sounds good . 
In Vegas enjoying a short respite from my over-worked way of life ! AWWWW YEAH !!! 
The night will go on - the night will go on - my little windmill ! 
I have finally received official word : I have been approved for graduation with my master's this May ! 
I want summer already ! 
I am worried for my brother and < PROPFEMALE > Korea . To all my friends and family there , please be alert and ready for anything - have a plan ready especially those near the border . 
I am worried for my brother and < PROPFEMALE > in \ 
Korea . To all my friends and family there , please be alert and ready \ 
for anything - have a plan ready especially those near the border . 
< PROPFIRST > and I will be moving to < PROPFEMALE > at the beginning of August . We got the job ! 
Saw \Green Day's - American Idiot\ " on Broadway tonight - what an amazing production . So simblomatic and appropriate for our generation ! Not to mention fantastic choreography and all that good artistic stuff ! Oh and btw HELL YEAH LAKERS !! " 
Wish I had more time to visit with friends and family . We leave for < PROPFIRST>'s wedding in < PROPMALE > in two weeks followed directly by flying to < PROPFEMALE > for our two year contract in Chongqing . 
I searched Coronado Mall while shopping today for a USA World Cup jersey . Sounds easy to find right ? Only JCPenney had them and they were sold out - besides they weren't real jerseys and were T-shirts . Must've gone into 10 sports stores ...... I love living in such a globalized and cosmopolitan city . Meh .. 
Not ready to leave yet in many ways - but I've been ready my whole life in others ... 
How did I ever live life without iPhone ? 
So drunk love u all 
Fuck day I live the most amazing life everx 
idk 
Things are good and we are safe friends ! Went to the mall tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > and I can be reached on our skype phone number . See my profile , it's the area code 505 number so it won't be an international call . Don't worry about the time difference , just leave a message if we don't answer . 
Thanks everybody for the warm birthday wishes . I don't feel 30 though ! 
We did the 3k last night with a heat index of 119 ! Thought I would die .... ( 94 degrees @ 71% relative humidity ) 
Can't believe that it's that easy to get halo reach here . Just went shopping on base and bam , there they were . No pre-order necessary ! 
Not sure how I feel about the new Linkin Park album yet . 
So dehydrated 
Just learned I begin teaching soccer tomorrow ! I'm very excited , but scared since I've never actually coached before .... 
Today was the first time I ever coached a team to victory ! What a feeling !!!! 
I haven't seen any clouds in two months ! Well I guess the weather's starting to get cooler and crisper . Should get down to highs of just 90 before the month is over ! Feeling quite tired after a busy week and missing everybody back in Albuquerque . 
Missing my close , genuine friends and family back home - this is the phase where living abroad sucks ! We've gotta start getting out there to make close friends . 
What a fun weekend ! I can now check off \won a couples costume contest unintentionally\ " from my list of things to-do before death . I've never had so many pictures taken covertly and overtly - even more than when I lived in Korea on a normal day ! " 
Saw some clouds yesterday ! 
Went Kart Racing at the Bahrain International Circuit with my lovely wife today . It was great fun which I highly recommend . What a rush ! We also went and saw the Bahrain Fort . All in all , it was a perfect day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Streisand 
< PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow here - woo hoo ! 
Thought I'd seen it all till I saw a city bus bust a u-ee at a stoplight during rush hour !! 
Long live the < PROPMALE > !! I just arrived at work to learn that a holiday was declared last night for the tenth anniversary of his first anniversary of his rule . Now I understand why monarchies can still exist in the 21st century !! 
Flying from Naples , Italy to < PROPFIRST > today - so excited ! 
We just sat on the plane to < PROPFIRST > with the drummer from the frigging Buzzcocks !!! 
Escargot actually was good ! 
Suddenly ..... another intense fit of suddenly realizing how much I miss everybody . Love you all . Sometimes it's hard being away - especially this time of year I guess . 
