5 .... 4 .... 3 .... 2 .... 1 ..... Its FINALLY COMING ! 

Happy NEW YEAR !!! ITS MY BIRTHDAY !!! WOO HOO 2010 !!! 
I'm off to UCLA !! FOR A WEEK !! 
I miss my dorm room too ... 304 :( 
is at his birthtown Salinas for the weekend and it feels great to be home again !! 
has 3 AP classes , and everyone is making a big deal out of it . Is it ? Stressed big time 
I saw my teammate got his finger jammed :o 
is getting ready for a lot : 0 
is getting busy with hw and football oh yeahh 
Just got my copy of Madden 2010 for PS3 , GO RAIDERS !! 
Just worked out right now which is not good 
Have you ever really loved a woman ? i like that song 
Working on some stuff right now and getting cash 
going to drive all over the place and needs gas money and a job ! Anyone wanna hook me up ? 
trying to survive the allergy season 
had a good practice 
< PROPMALE > Amitri has a good song that is awesome 
today is the day for Redemption 
Bonfire at West High ?! So lucky ...... 
Just got home from intense halloween night . Dressed up as Ghost Face ! 
This sucks 
man .. reality sucks ... 
AP English essay due tomorrow right ? 
Today is 1st day working at McDonald's . Wish me luck ! 
Who knew working at McDonald's was tough ?! so tiring ... 
What was the last chapeter we were supposed to read on < PROPFIRST > Got His Gun before we finish the book ? Was it 9 or 10 ? Help anyone ? 
One more month left !! Oh my .. 
I just found some Tekken 6 TapouT shirts . They look nice , might buy one ... 
Yes Black Friday this week . Is anyone else going ? 
Sign the petition about the guy who threw the dog off the bridge . If it gets enough signatures he will spend hella years in prison . 
just wants to get more money ... 
Man good times at UCLA . I'm thankful for getting to know new people and makiing friends out there 
I just experienced Black Friday at McDonald's with < PROPMALE > and his brother . It was intense . Some lady was about to fight the worker , no lie . 
Sanoma State or Chico ?? 
Just watched UP . What a wonderful movie 
just got back from watching Twilight . Call me what you want , but the action scenes were the highlights of the film . 
is off to work for 5 hours ! That's a first for me 
just got off , but wants to work at GameStop !! Anyone have connections ? 
Look < PROPFIRST > ! I finally have one uploaded ! hahaha 
WOAH ! You never know huh ' till someone just blurts it out :P 
just might get YooStar . Sounds like fun 
It's supposed to rain the next three days ? : 0 
is listening to UB40- I Can't Help Falling In Love with You :)) 
is feeling good YEAH !! 
Everyday I see my dream , everyday I see my , everyday I see my dream ... YES !! 
it gets boring ... ZZZ 
Studying for tests this late suuuuucccckkkksss . Especially when it's an AP class lol 
ate some canned tuna with apples ... slimey yet satisfying lol 
This sucks , no one is ever ther .... Why ? Other schools do it better I gues . 
Maybe working out will help me feel better ... 
Today looks like a dark , gloomy day ... well the morning at least 
Going to Lemoore today 
got some cool stuff , ready to let loose !! 
Isn't Jazz music good to listen to on rainy days ? It feels oh so right ... 
O SNAP ! THE FACEBOOK TRICK WORKS ZOMG !! 
I just got a call from the US Govt ! Oh No they found me ! 
Buddah Lovaz , yes ... 
Jeez , getting buff is hard ! 
Just watched Elf , what a good christmas movie :) 
Every time i see the keyboard i notice that ' u ' and'i ' are next to each other 
Damn , I have to sleep early so < PROPFEMALE > can drop off the presents ... Guess I gotta leave some cookies and milk for the big guy huh ? 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas & hope yours was better than mine . And now time for the New Years ! 
Now that Christmas is almost over , time to get ready for the New Years !! 
Man do I wish we could change the past ! 
What the ? I got a friend request from < PROPFIRST > J ! Cool 
2010 Romantic Overview for Capricorns ! lol Your love life can be in one of three positions in the next year : single , in a relationship , or in a committed relationship . Regardless of where you find your status this year , there will be change , and it will likely be for the better . If you're single and looking , there are a couple of windows of opportunity this year to change that . 
OMG , tomorrow is my BIRTHDAY !!!! ooHHh mannnnN 2010 Here I COME !!! 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays . Really appreciated it . Hope your New Years was as good as mine . May 2011 be a great year for you ;) 
There goes my Affliction shirt ..... :( 
Does anybody know how to fix broken doors ? 
Man , I hate my job ! 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Buble is relaxing , especially after your mad , it soothes the soul lol . Anyone else agree ? 
fml 
I can make your bedrock ? 
acceptance letter from CSU Chico , Go Wildcats ! 
What was the chapter we were supposed to be finished with for AP English ? Was it 11 or 12 ? 
< PROPFIRST > Depp dead ? Is it true ? 
I helped this old lady at Valero put in gas , she made my type in her password with her credit card lol 
I literally got no matches .... :( 
Can't believe it , we won yet we didn't make it to semi- finals ??? 
Midnight Adventures , hahaha 
So much for today ! 
DJ'aying is intense 
You ain't gon tie me down 
got admitted to UC Riverside , that's one good thing ... 
No more slacking off ! 
Imma Be having a good time tomorrow and SAT !! YEA ! 
is no longer in the red ! 
needs lyrics 
ouch ! 
Sweet ! Going to see Geroge Lopez next month ! 
It's Heavy Rain today 
got accepted to Sonoma State University . Which one to choose ? 
Doing HW last minute too lol 
< PROPMALE > OVERLOAD !!!! 
20 for a touch-up ? That's lame :( 
OHHH MMYYY GOSSSHHH 
When you have money , its hard to decide what to do with it 
Did any other person get a friend request from The Visalia Vipers ? Its a team trying to recruit people interested in Arena football . Should I do it ? 
Chico Preview Day ! 
They had to cancel the tour for one of my < PROPMALE > choices :( 
< PROPFEMALE > many trees in Chico 
What a great way to start the day off with Chronic Tacos . Mmm :) 
This is neat . Driving on Sunday when its raining listening to Maroon 5- Sunday Morning 
Haha ! I'm done ! 
wants to get ready for Chico already ... 
some parents are really messed up ... 
maybe working out will make me feel better 
Sooo Happy and glad !!! :) 
Lil Chuckee is the next Lil < PROPMALE > 
cleaning up St. < PROPFIRST>'s 
Jump Rope !! 
Happy 4/20 Day ! Let's all have fun ! 
raindrops keep falling on my head :( 
is going to drink Green Tea all day to feel better ! 
wishes he had a friend like < PROPFIRST > Redcorn 
lost all respect to the Mexicans here in Visalia , they think they're the shit and badasses 
says it's time to get cut ! 
Is there a < PROPMALE > an earthquake could hit Visalia soon ? 
I'm finally healthy to hit the weights again :p 
CSF Luncheon today @ Visalia Convention Center ! It's going to be fun :) 
Haha , 2nd period is lame . Should've taken video .. 
Has anyone else heard the Taiwanese guy sing like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? It's legit 
KICK ASS WEEKEND LOL 
When you truly listen to music , its unbelievable how meaningful they can be :') 
Damn 
Might be working at Build a Bear 
Have to go to that McDermont All Nighter Tonight :( 
The McDermont All Nighter is actually chill , could be better , let's see how the morning goes ! 
Happy Mother's Day , have a good and happy day with your mom 
For my senior project , I guess I'm going to do a music video with Auto Tune , let's see how it goes :/ 
Finally done with AP testing 
new haircut is eh 
My phone is about to die , so if you try to reach me won't be able to answer cause my charger is broken 
Choir show tonight and Hume Lake tomorrow morning , this weekend sucks 
I hope I'm still not coughing tomorrow :( 
These politic commercials are harsh 
This weekend sucks and I'm still coughing :( 
Is Not Done ! So happy , I just need to get through this week and try and I'm good ! 
I should feel better this week 
The pencil I had in my pocket gave me a cut , now my finger is bleeding . Don't keep pencils in your pocket at all 
Damn , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died , whose next ? 
Visalia has some crazy ass people roaming around 
Let's have some fun tonite 
The countdown finally begins , senior year went by so fast :/ 
Today was pointless , but I went to Colimas again , only difference was that I was a < PROPFEMALE > , good times ... 
It's finally over , no more high school . So this is when life actually begins ? 
In a couple of hours I'm finally going to graduate ! It's gona be crazy .... 
It's officially over , no more high school . It's been a great 4 years getting to make new friends and doing all the activities < PROPFEMALE > West had , I'm sure gonna miss it .... now it's time to get ready for college .. CSU Chico ..... GO CLASS OF 2010 !! \ 
BLAZIN ' THE TRAIL 
Time to chiillll , got some money for graduation and an iTouch , let's party 
Damn , today was so emotional I bursted out crying ... it never happens ! But after hearing some real stuff , I just feel bad that there's nothing I can do about it\ 
Live Life Good and appreciate it , you always have it easier than someone else 
One ear pierced or both ? 
hell yeah tonite was sick ! wish every night could be like this !! 
Crazy , I actually dreamed for 2 nights in a row 
These weird dreams are so crazzyyy ! I don't know why they keep happening !! 
Who the hell works at American Express ? Damn people thought I was a girl and they barely could talk English 
Leaving on the 6 of July for Summer Orientation ! 
The weekend can't be the only time to < PROPFEMALE > out , need to chilllllllllllll sooonn 
Damn , I hate this .. It's gonna suck when I leave ... 
Yeaaaa , let's < PROPFEMALE > out tonight !! 
Such a chill night , have lots to do tomorrow 
Busy night 
Damn , I almost ran over a cat last night , intense .. 
So much to do today , time to get to it 
Damn , my future is so screwed right now , I don't even know what's going to happen .. just hope for the best and see what happens 
3D HDTVs ? What's next ? 
Yea ! LA ! What now !! 
Time for late night workouts ! 
R&B songs during the night are sooo relaxing 
Got GPS for my car ! Let's go somewhere far ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wants to call me in for an interview ! But the scheduling center doesn't have Its time slots ready yet !! 
Lakers shall win tonite 
Lakers shall win tonite .... oh wait .... They did !! Yeah , I knew the Lakers were gonna win ! Now I could sleep good 
Whoa , fell asleep while listening to LMFAO , and dreamt I was at a club partying haha 
Went to CSU Fresno for testing , bought new clothes , almost got my ears pierced , and saw < PROPMALE > Hartnett's clone ... No liee ... Good Day !! 
Good breathing = successful workouts ! 
Holy shit ! I dreamt something bad and when I woke up from that dream , that was also a dream ! It's like the movies ! 2 dreams and the 3rd time it's real ! damn .... 
At Salinas , now going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Just got back , and got a new tat ! 
Bored 
Pandora just got better 
New iPod update is sick 
New iphone is legit ! It's been reviewed as a badass phone , whose going to get it ? 
Midnight work outs are fun 
Backstreet Boys are performing in Fresno on July 1st ... 
Going to LA to pick up a new car , can't wait 
Haha 
Not going to LA tomorrow :( Orientation ... 
Just chilliiinnnnn 
Finally ... Got my interview scheduled for < PROPFEMALE>'s .. If I get this job ... discounts ! 
Thank da lord ! I have an interview for Best Buy , so happy ... 
Drake's doing it big ! He's on fire right now ! 
No EDC for me :( 
Bored .... 1st\ 
person to like this , you will be my profile pic forthe day , 2nd person\ 
to like this , your last name will be my last name for 2 days , 3rd\ 
person can dare me to do one thing , 4th person , I will say ... I'm in a\ 
relationship with you for a week :) Put this on your status if you dare ... 
Leaving to my interview @ Best Buy . Wish me luck , if I get the job I could help you with electronics 
Just came back from the mini interview , there's one more with the GM . One more interview then < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Finally got my GPS fixed ! Let's go < PROPFEMALE > out !!! 
Just chilling this night , haha bored so hanging about .... Successful Night ! :p 
hahaha , fun night ! what r u guys doing :) 
Who wants to talk I'm open !! 
I better find your lovin ! Love Drake awesome artist ! 
Even though I didn't go to EDC , I still had a good time in Visalia :p 
What I ordered online should come in today 
If Pinocchio said \My nose will now grow . \ " Will it grow ? " 
2nd week continuing ! 
Have to be at COS at 7:30 , no sleep today :( 
Time to start the day ! :) 
I'm gonna crash right after this so bad 
The future isn't looking so good now , don't know how to overcome this 
Just finished working out , have to keep it up for Hawaii !! 
Time to make music ! 
Have to go to the post office again , getting this package is a mission ! 
Midnight workouts again :) 
Almost done working out :) 
Just woke up and missed the 9-11 time window . I'm still going to try to get my package though ! 
Nice ! They updated AMP after I sent some messages ! That's good news right there 
I think I'm gonna take this day off :) 
I already want winter to begin :( Christmas month is the best ever ! 
I think this is going to be the day I don't sleep 
I feel so out of it today ... Is this what sleep deprivation does to you ? 
Hopefully tonight is good 
Time to relax , busy day tomorrow then 4th of July ! 
Came back from the lake , it was fun , and the day only gets better ! 
Fireworks already ? Downtown ? Isn't it too early ? 
Had a fun night at the movies , but there's still more to do !!! :) 
Listening to Rhythm & Blues ... 
Nocturnal with my cuZ ! Can't wait for the end of this year ! Lots going on :) 
Swimming with my siblings . They're teaching me how to swim lol 
Fasting sucks 
Ugh , fasting makes me feel weird lol 
Workout week 3 ! One more month for Hawaii ! 
So it is true , that's so weird 
Fasting again , ugh ! Just one more day ! 
I get AT&T U-Verse today ! Comcast has been horrible lately 
Fuck ! I hate time conflicts ! :( 
Toot it and boot it , toot it and boot it lol , @ McDonald's eating McChickens :) 
At the movies ! This day is awesome 
Had a good afternoon , got some stuff , ate , and watched a movie . Why can't everyday be like this ? 
Ugh , Epiphany 
Off to my interview at < PROPFEMALE>'s , wish me luck ! 
Damn , crunch time , I have a dr. appt and in interview in less than an hour , what to do ?? 
Yes ! God heard my prayers , I made it on time for my interview , wish me luck :) 
This day sucks ! Didn't go as planned , can't wait for the weekend 
Well that sucks , my phone broke , and no movie , could this day get any worse ? 
Listening to classical music is relaxing ..... 
zzzzzzzz ......... if you like this status , I'll write something I like about you on your wall and dislike too 
Just woke up , I need to stop sleeping late 
Listening to some trip hop instrumentals and sleeping ... feels like I'm in a movie , it's trippy 
I love music 
Oh no ! My summer isn't going as planned ! Changes are happening , and they're not good ! 
Bout to get my grub on 
Good afternoon , although who knew that the Oh Wow Nickel Arcade had drama ? :O can't wait for tonight 
I wanna do something tonight 
Being a parent must be difficult ! 
Ugh , got lazy this week ! Can't be lazy next week ! 
What to do so early in the morning ? 
Why is 3-D being used so much ? 
Bugs at night are so damn weird 
Saturday night and nothin to do 
Need phone < PROPFIRST > ... My sim card erased everything 
This sucks ! 
Area 51 ... Is it real ? 
If a person was born deaf .... What language do they think in ? English ? 
So desperate for a job ... Little Caesars might be my only option :( 
Me : Yea\ 
Chris : Yeaah\ 
Me : Yeahhh\ 
Chris : Yeahhhhh\ 
< PROPMALE > De La Rocha : YEEAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
Loves R&B 
This week is going to go by so slooooww 
There's been an increase of burglaries around Goshen and < PROPMALE > Maddox , right near the Burgundy Apartments . Protect yourself 
When your Facebook app crashes a lot on iPhone , how do you fix it !? 
Haha ... Slap Chop remix 
Why is it that people put useless junk in their garage and leave their car , which costs thousands , outside ? 
Some people are just tooo predictable .. It's funny 
Haven't been at the flea market for quite some time ... Brings back memories .. Wanting a Sega 
Today was just full of surprises ... Going to be a GodFather though ! 
Why is it when you wear your tacky clothes and go somewhere , your bound to see someone you know ? Always happens to me 
Whose down for a chat ?? 
Deep thinking seriously .... 
Hello :) 
Does anyone wanna talk ??? 
Ugh .... I feel like a douche :( 
Epiphany 
Playing my old PlayStation and Sega games ... Bring back so much memories .. I missed the good ol days :( 
Originality , Quickness , Sting , Delivery ... Yo Mama show is hilarious haha 
Sweet , going to forget tonight 
What it do facebook peeps ? 
The Sleaze is out 
All I can say is wow ... Fuck it :) 
Just thinking .... Life is very interesting ... You learn a lot from your mistakes 
Damn ... I need someone to talk to for real 
Really wants to get involved in the music business 
Gonna chill with my aunt and uncle 
Who wants to chill and hangout ? 
Lol 
Just came back from the country ... Did some deep thinking 
So bored .. Any good places to < PROPFEMALE > out this late ? 
Doesn't want to sleep ... so much on my mind and nobody wants to talk 
Drake is gonna \Shut It Down . \ " He's \ " Unforgettable\ " and \ " Successful . \ " \ 
Missing last year at UCLA mock trial team ... Good times ... 
What did I do to deserve this ? People make mistakes and for that it shouldn't be dwelt upon .. things change .. 
In order to enjoy life , you need to suffer a little bit right ? Because what goes down , must come up , right ?? or was it the other way ... 
Has anyone heard about the ghost car here in Visalia ? They say if you make a U-Turn at the dump you could see it ... But only at nighttime .. Anyone wanna go ? 
Fuck . Ghost Car is real . 
Wanna get a sword tattoo ... But idk where .. Where would be a good spot for it ? 
Hahaha , has anyone seen people that look like them or anybody you know ? It's hilarious ! 
If I ever have a kid , I'm going to take them to Disneyland and get them < PROPFIRST > Mouse ears ! :) 
Chinese food is tha shiznit 
Finished working out .. Now I know why I miss it .. Makes me forget and makes me happy 
Making a song ..... 
Song is finished .... Just need to finalize and work out some stuff ... 
Mmm .... Pizza Hut :p 
Have to pick up < PROPFIRST > cause he has no ride ... -_- Suucckka 
-_- 
Music is awesome , without it what would happen ? 
There's something about the morning that feels great , especially this early ! 
Mmm ... Me-n-Ed's 
45's are my two new friends :) 
Ugh ... Why can't I have this level of intensity every week ! 
Don't get Prevail Sport !! It's not what you think it is :( 
People can be boring 
Going to tha casino Sunday !! I got money to blow .. Oh yeaaa 
WTF ! Spider creeping in my room while I'm sleeping ! I hate spiders !! 
I wake up this early to find my damn dogs after I get no sleep !! And to top it off old people exaggerate , um yea 
Trippy dreams are intense 
After a good nap I feel ready for anything !! Time to do something !!! :) 
People can be dicks for no reason at all . I don't get it 
Learning about life . It's a strange thing , too much happens , it's overwhelming 
Feeling inspirational . Nothing is going to stop me now :) 
Damn , you never know what's gonna happen .. Life can go by fast :( 
Had a good time at the casino ! Need to do something like this every weekend ! 
AMP just keeps getting better !! 
Interview in an hour , afterwards going to get a haircut ! Can't wait for this day to start 
Finally got the hair off 
Came back from Porterville . There's nothing to do over there too ! Need to go somewhere further !! 
If you can dream it , you can do it ... 
Might get my piercings this Friday 
The < PROPFEMALE > is looking awfully beautiful right now 
Feeling good right now , time to start the day ! :) 
Now I have to wait until Saturday for my piercings ... 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm a good friend . Message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories ... Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status . 
When does classes start ? 
Ugh , headache :( 
Have to go to the doctor in Sanger . Going to be a long day 
Drove for 5 hours .. I'm ready for LA on my birthday 
Fushigi ?? 
It's been awhile since a good scary movie has come out ... I want to see one that's actually scary ! 
Mmmm .... Taco's :p 
That was a close one :( 
Hope tonight goes well :) 
Not my car , not my problem ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Vu is fuckin intense !!! Talk to me I'm bored :p 
Dammit .. Can't sleep :( 
< PROPMALE > Padilla .... The Taxicab Driver ..... -_- 
.. Ugh , just woke up . It's going to be a long night . 
Morning Jog :) 
Going to Fresno 
iPhone 4 ... I luv you :) 
At Lemoore Base ! Free stuff , having a dad in the military is nice 
Hahaha , < PROPFIRST > was on 103.7 !! XD 
Vampires Sucks looks funny , it's about time !! 
I love the night :) 
Midnight workout !! 
So many changes happening this year , it's unbelievable . 2010 is barely starting 
Borders is awesome 
Have to wake up in 3 hours and I can't sleep . Gonna leave Visalia though !! 
Yes , just found out good news ! 
Going to Seaworld , Universal Studios , and Hollywood the next few days !! Later Visalia 
The view from Sheraton is incredible . Too bad they kicked me off before I could take pics ... Universal Studios today !! 
Why am I afraid to lose you when you aren't even mine ? 
Lost my phone in LA ... What do I do now ?? 
Is it wrong to not wanna come back to Visalia after a road trip ?? 
Whose going to the fair next month !? 
Saturday night and I'm stuck at home .. And my cell is lost .. So bored !! 
It's too early , but I can't wait for Halloween this year . 
Gonna go for a drive 
Driving at night , listening to some R&B songs , this is why I love the night life . I'm happy :) 
Weird dreams are crazy 
Taking a nap while listening to rap music . Makes you sleep good 
Yeah ! Preseason for NFL begins ! Now I can actually look forward for Sundays happening again 
Another night drive .. Got my R&B cd this time :) 
Fuuuuhhhh ... K . Just saw a serious car crash right now . So much for my late night drives :( 
School starts next week . Damn , not even ready too 
Just found my stack . Now I just need a job to buy it :( 
School starts next week and I'm already stressing . I hate school 
Finally finished the payments for my car . In the next 2 years I could get something better ! 
Why is there a bunch of people at the St. < PROPFIRST>'s River holding up red flags ? 
Mmm ... Jarritos 
Another late drive .. They never end ! Lol\ 
Hope another car crash doesn't happen again :/ 
I like hanging out this late . But everyone is always busy . Can't wait for the weekend 
Black ants are so damn annoying 
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a better argument 
Busy day today , and school is next week .. Summer is slowly coming to an end 
Im da one to talk about if money is da topic Touchdown pass dog im da 1st option Smoking on multi colored weed from the tropics Shawty brought it up it was hot so she dropped it I got the key girl tell me where the lock is Lock ness monster ? smoke like a Rasta I kno the body girl better than a doctor Maybe thats a lie but ill still do u proper Hittin high notes like u singin in da opera ;) 
After a nice trip it's time to workout again !! 
Who knew a nice workout could make you feel so good ! 
Damn .. I made so many stupid mistakes in the past :( 
Going to sleep while listening to Classical music ... Aim your ear high ! :/ 
This is way too early . Time for orientation ... not 
Time to start the day 
Had a dream about Chico .. Made me think a lot . I wonder .... 
Finished everything early ! Guess I'm excited for college :/ 
Going to take a nap after a busy day , always make you feel good :) 
I'm always gonna stay true to myself :) 
If you love somebody , set them free , if they return , they were always yours , if they don't , they never were . 
If your willing , you can do anything you set your mind to ! 
Another busy day today .. Saw some old faces haha 
Cleaning my house .... Like a boss 
My sister is ambidextrous and she doesn't even know it lol 
Teamwork . It gets the job done :) 
Dammit . Plans got screwed up again . Really wanna < PROPFEMALE > out too . When will I get a < PROPMALE > ?? 
Gonna check out the meteor shower with some tunes 
It's really dark right now . One more hour before it starts ! Can't wait 
Meteor shower and Fri . The 13th ? This day keeps getting interesting ! Wonder how today plays out 
A lot of meteors darting across . So nice right now :) 
Tonight was good . Saw some meteors . Hope everyone has a good day today . 
If life gives you lemons , politely thank life , then , when lifes not looking , throw the lemons into the pond 
I love eating cheesecake ! 
Life is so confusing :/ 
Naps are good 
Working out always makes me happy :) 
Don't you just hate it when you need to leave somewhere but then you can't find find your car keys ? 
Like\ 
my status , and I'll write you a letter : \Dear______ 
Damn ! Tonight was fun !! And < PROPFIRST > finally has the money lol 
Lol tonight is the bomb !! :) 
Dear Zach , you have a cute shirt . You make me wanna text you . You should be an opera singer . You & me should team up . I'd get your name tattooed on my left arm . You are so rad . I need to get a music symbol tattoo . 
Going uphill from now ! Can't wait for tomorrow ! :) 
Damn , nose bleeds suck 
Water is man's best friend 
You shouldn't have to change for anyone 
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor ? lol 
The last weekend of Summer vacation before school starts .. 
Like my status and I'll like your best profile pic 
I like to let people talk , who like to talk . It makes it easier to find out how full of shit , they are 
The things I do for love 
:) 
Still can't believe it 
This is crazy . School is starting , friends are leaving , and others are joining the army , marines , and air force and other stuff . Life is barely starting 
Can't sleep and I have school today . This is weird 
People who talk smack on online video games are ridiculous 
Midnight snack ! :) 
And so it begins ... In a few hours 
Any tips on how to beat COS parking ? 
Today is dragging on :/ 
What in the ... Booty Oogly ? 
Figured it out ! 
Ab workouts are intense 
Good thing about working out is that it makes you happy afterwards :) 
Another busy day . This week is < PROPFEMALE > busy and it's only Tue . 
Chilling with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Chio haha 
< PROPMALE > out with some friends I didn't see in awhile ! Good day today 
Just got a cut by my aluminum foil box . It was bound to happen eventually :/ 
Why do people lag ? It gets tiring after awhile 
If you really try , you can do anything 
Excited for my History of Rock & Roll class ! Looks like R&B was one of the many < PROPMALE > influences that helped developed Rock . 
If you put in that extra little effort , it will make a huge huge difference 
One of these days I'm gonna call in and make a Slow Jamz dedication :D 
Had the most craziest , realistic dream ever ... It just might come true ... 
People these days 
Morning was horrible . Everything feels so rushed . I hope I crash this class 
Class at 11 and then 6 ? What to do in that huge time gap .? 
Social Problems looks like it's gonna be a fun class . Professor is hilarious and chill 
Nice Facebook app update 
Time for a late night run 
Damn ... 200 calories + 22:30 = Dedication 
Week went by fast . Can't wait for tomorrow . 
Morning workouts ?? Yes ! Because of college I can actually do this ! 
Dammit ... I sit in an area where there is nobody , so I can read my book and these 3 Mexican guys sit right across talking loud and yelling . They have a friend called Tonto lol , it was funny at least . 
Rekindling old friendships at COS ... It's gonna be a good year 
Need a nap , college takes a lot out of you 
What's the point of talking talking to somebody if they're not even going to listen ? Oh well , I guess you just move on .. 
Never regret something that once made you smile 
Waiting to crash into this English class . I hope I do ... 
Thank God ! I finally got into English , praying does work ! Need to go to church this Sunday 
So happy that things are going my way ! 
Can't wait to start waking up to rain this early in the morning . Just a few more months 
Isn't it interesting to find out the reasons why people do things or act the way they do towards you ? 
I luv tonight . Call it one if the best :) 
Tired 
Is it wrong to always want to have a good time ? haha 
The first love is the sweetest , but the first cut is the deepest 
Wow ... if things go wrong right now , I'm just going to be angry and forget about helping people . Take your kindness for granted and tell you lies 
It's going to plague me for the rest of my life , that I'm not going to Chico for now . \ 
It's bright blue outside . It's usually dark , wonder why it's like this . :/ 
Everyone looks the same at cos !!! I can't tell whose who :( 
At my old job right now . I miss having a job ... 
Things happen for a reason . Maybe I am supposed to stay here . I just wish I knew why 
Just saw a friend from elementary school . Sure miss this good times 
Bad thing about having a class at 6 is that nobody is here , and it's empty 
Hot cheetos ftw 
Can't wait for my hair to grow back again , it's too short 
Can't wait for NFL season to officially start . SO PUMPED !! Gonna go to a game this year !! Stoked !! :D 
Time to start the day . It's gonna be a busy , but good one :) 
Lol this damn table . Everyone keeps leaning on it and it tilts over 
Sleazer ..... 
Bout to roll me a blunt with my list of regrets . \ 
Burn it all burn it all , I’m starting it fresh . \ 
Cause half the time I got it right , I probably guessed . 
Does anyone else just listen to music and think ? 
Haven't slept at all and I have class today . How will this day end ? Hmm ... 
I need some new threads :/ 
Damn ... 
It wasn't me : ) 
Friday night and nothing to do ... As soon as I get a job , I'm going to be hanging out ! 
It's better to have confidence , than to not have confidence at all 
That Education Connection commercial gets annoying after awhile 
< PROPFIRST > Waymire plays 360 all day ... He needs to go out and live life !! 
iPhone 4 or Samsung Captivate ? 
Riding on golf carts in this good weather . Helping my moms move :) 
49er's vs . Raiders ... Preseason game , can't wait 
Hate boring weekend nights . That's when the fun begins 
Driving this late is better than nothing 
Who else is bored of Visalia ?!? I am , nothing to do and the people here are wack 
VEVO rocks 
Doing hw , so bored :/\ 
Like this and I'll post something I like about you on your wall . 
Giving my A game for the next two years . Never felt this inspired ever . It's on 
I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger . Then it hit me . 
To nom or not to nom ? hmmm .. 
According to my professor , I look like a gamer :( 
Some random lady walked up to me and ask if I wanted to take her parking spot . How nice of her , now for lab quiz and History of Rock and Roll test !! 
TalkboxxVX update ! Time to make some music ;) 
zomg iPhone 4 ?!? 
Playing Madden 11 ... NFL season begins next week ... Can't wait for football to begin !! 
If music is medicine of the soul , let it play on ... 
Going to help my mom move again . Have to drive a U-Haul . It's going to be interesting lol 
Why is it when you tell yourself not to forgot something , you end up doing it ? It sucks 
I ain't mad at cha . 
Electronic Music , Saturday Night , \Club Can't Handle Me\ " song ... Time to do something ! " 
Did anyone else know about this new NFL rule ? If the team that wins the coin toss in overtime chooses to receive , and scores the other team is able to score and win the game . If they tie , it then goes into Sudden Death 
I'm always a nice guy with a smile on my face . But there are some people that make me really angry and confrontational . I wish that they weren't in my life , but unfortunately they are :( 
\But I was curious and I'll never forget it 
Ugh , Hot Cheetos , Twinkies , Fast Food and Gatorade was my diet for the past 4 days . That's not good 
Listening to iTunes podcast \Sounds Of The Apocalypse\ " . Who would've thought it sounded so Satanic ??? " 
Will it rain today in Visalia ? Hmm ... 
Watching the NFL game with some pizza . Can't wait till my team plays this Sunday though ! Gotta love football season ! :D 
Does anyone know what \Asset Verification\ " is for financial aid at COS ? " 
Tulare County Fair this month , Halloween next month with scary movies , haunted places , corn mazes , Thanksgiving after , then December to watch Raiders vs . Colts then Christmas ..... Next few months are going to be incredible !!! :D 
I'm cold like a midnight in Aspen , I am the President . and the Assassin . Welcome to the show . I am the main . Attraction lol 
One loss means nothing . There's still 16 more games to play 
Damn ... Drake killed it with \Fancy\ " ! Haha Free Weezy " 
Carefully paving the path for my future in the next two years . It's taking forever :/ 
While everybody else is getting out of bed\ 
I'm usually getting in it 
The future is looking up . So stoked , can't wait 
Sony Vaio EC series or MacBook Pro ? 
Got to class late and teacher calls on me the minute I walk in to answer . not doing that again ! And why is a fly called a fly ? If you take the wings off it , what do you call it then ? 
This is weird . I'm taking a nap but keep waking up every 5-10 < PROPFEMALE > drea < PROPFEMALE > g something new . It's trippy 
A dream is possible . You just have to keep working at it 
It's a good day to be Mexican today 
So looks like there's not going to be summer school next year at COS . What are the options now ? 
Just read the Asian version of < PROPFEMALE > and Wonderland 
Money just changed everything :) 
Check it out 
I do so much for my friends and family .. But at least its good to know they have my back in the end 
It's always fun to just sit back , relax , and talk about life and stuff lol 
The future looks so different than now ... But it makes it that more exciting to look forward too . Can't wait to see what it brings 
Has anyone ever just sit back and thought about their life and their future plans ? Like what they could do to make it better or how they can prepare themselves ? Life is such a mystery . And the future is just unexpected and full of surprises . One can only hope 
They should make a college for people who sleep during the day and want to go during the night . We should see how that work's 
Just saw The Professor from Back To The Future at Panda Express and got a fortune that says \You will obtain your goal if you maintain your course\ " . And class got cancelled . Good day " 
English class is tha bomb ! Professor is hilarious and classmates are always being smartasses lol . Played Taboo and it was funny as hell haha 
I throw my telescope in the air sometimes , singing ayyyyyyyyoo , I'm Galileo . 
Hope for the best , plan for the worst 
Maybe next week ... Snoop Dogg is performing in Lemoore tomorrow and I won't be there :( 
You play to win the game ! 
< PROPMALE > Janikowski .... tsk , tsk ... 
Even though the Raiders didn't win , they improved a lot from last year . Next few games should be interesting 
Eating Menudo lol 
He who controls others may be powerful , but he who has mastered himself , is mightier still 
Work delivers us from three great evils : Boredom , Vice , and Want 
Homemade smoothies are bomb 
Look before you leap 
Don't know what to be for Halloween . Ghost Face from Scream or a Gorilla Suit ? 
Young Moolah baybeee !! :D 
iPhone 4 :D 
What Dragonball Z Character Are You ? -- My Result : Goku . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/159363/referrals/status?aid=528785358 
Did anyone else get a letter from < PROPMALE > ? 
Social Problems class is so hilarious and awesome , it's incredible 
iPhone 4 retina display is amazing 
Another sleepless night :/ 
Does anyone know how much fitness trainers services cost ? 
2 tacos for a $1 at COS ! Haha , he calls it The Happy Hour 
I hope it rains today 
I go into Taco < PROPFEMALE > and order a meal and the lady says no immediately before I finish . She stares at me for a good 5 seconds and tells me that she's kidding . What did I do to deserve that ? lol 
It's October finally ! Is anyone going to the Fright Night Scream Park ? 
It's going to take 3 hours to get my windows tinted . What to do with no car ? 
Grey clouds are coming in . Should be a rainy day . Finally ! 
Just saw a guy who looked like RJ Berger . He had the glasses , hair and clothes and errythang 
Me and my uncle ask this white guy to use the 3D glasses at Best Buy and he says that 2 guys wearing the same clothes as us , and right about our height , took off with them . He then says \I'm just kidding ! \ " Oh the irony " 
Things get worse before they get better . Just 2 more years and its over 
It's finally raining now 
Let's have a toast for the douchebags , \ 
\ 
Let's have a toast for the assholes , \ 
Let's have a toast for the scumbags , \ 
Every one of them that I know , \ 
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs\ 
That'll never take work off 
Def Jam Rapstar comes out tomorrow . Gonna buy it :) 
Can anyone give an example of what goes through a process ? \ 
- Building a house\ 
- Putting on your clothes\ 
- Waking up\ 
- Uh , process foods ? \ 
This class is ridiculous ! lol 
Slept on top of my shoulder and now I can't stretch it . it hurts , ouch 
Learning about cars . It's so confusing 
Happiness depends on ourselves . 
Some a-hole is challenging me to a car race right now , staring me down , revving up his engine . -_- 
Just woke up from a nap and now I have class in the next 10min haha 
Haha , my professor talked about my paper in class today , probably cause I was late lol . Can't wait for Fright Night tomorrow . Hope it's good ! 
Does anyone know what those grey arrows are on Facebook chat for iPod app ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is not a matter of < PROPMALE > , but of choice . Not something to wish for , but to attain . 
Hello Friday :) 
Necropolis was aight , time for the next one ! 
Just saw a prostitute walk out of a guy's car pulling down her skirt . :( 
Haha , some random guy just popped out of nowhere and started breakdancing 
Great night , had some weird things going on but it was awesome . Can't wait for next week 
Mobbin ' down Mooney with my uncle 
Finally , after a week I finally got my stereo installed thanks to my uncle . Now to homecoming ! 
Shelter thy kin , shelter thy woman , and shelter thy suitor\ 
For a debaucher traverses these streets 
Life can be such a trip 
Ignore your doubts , trust your instincts 
Why is it so hard to go to sleep this late ? lol 
All I can say is that the Raiders are definitely not the same team like last year 
I wish I could speak Spanish so I can talk to my grandma 
The best revenge is massive success 
I keep having the most trip dreams ever , they're so bizarre and make no sense :( 
Like this status & I'll tell you ... \ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds\ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you\ 
4 . The animal you remind me of \ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . 
If you don't have a smile , I'll give you one of mine . :) 
I need to stop being late for my morning class , grade might go down 
People do the most random things that are weird but entertaining haha 
Does anyone else feel happy after waking up from a nap ? lol Feels great ! 
Friday night and nothing to do yet\ 
If you like this status , I will inbox you telling you if you are a friend , pretty , fit , or I would go out with you . 
Jackass 3-D :D and there's a haunted house here ? 
Jackass 3-D . Epic . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Pontious is awesome . 
Going to be a Godfather today 
New computer is setup finally . Now I can get motivated with my workouts again with my music ! 
Damn . iTunes erased all my songs :( 
Haha , my professor called me a spaz cause I always walk into his class late 
Barely going to bed right now lol 
Why would Kanye West replace his bottom row of teeth with diamonds ? Celebrities these days lol 
Don't ever get a Mexican girl mad ! 
Lol , the person sitting next to me laughs like a ghost 
God must really want me to get a good grade on my test cause both my classes got cancelled and I didn't even study ! 
Woke up from a nap and thought it was Friday morning lol . Rest is essential 
The < PROPFEMALE > is looking awfully trippy 
I'm so grateful for all my smart friends 
Séances are awesome . Anyone wanna do one ? lol 
Damn , some idiot almost hit me at an intersection 
< PROPMALE > Lesnar > Cain Velasquez\ 
If Velasquez does win , it's going to be a crazy victory 
First Mexican UFC Champion , represent Velasquez ! 
2 more years till CSU Chico ! :D 
One day at a time 
\Like\ " this status if I've ever made you smile in your life " 
If Prop 19 passes , will California be known as the Weed Rush ? 
The 60's looked pretty fun 
Scary movies are a trip 
60 more days till Together As One . Can't wait ! 
Finally fulfilled my civic duty as a U.S citizen by voting 
< PROPFIRST > Archuleta performing free at the < PROPFEMALE > Vista Mall today at 5 . Who's going ? lol 
I'm not sayin ' I'm the nicest , I just live life like it 
Playing Sports is so much fun 
Can you control your dreams ? I had a nightmare and was trying to wake up but it was so difficult . I couldn't change it . It was intense lol 
Evening classes this late are legit ! What makes it better is when the professor is impressed with your work lol 
Couldn't resist buying Black Ops for PS3 lol . Gonna play it after my appointment ! 
My doctor's medical assistant looks like Aziz Ansari 
Saw is such a gory movie 
Finally did it . There's no turning back now . Can't wait for the next few months ! 
When life takes the wind out of your sails , it is to test you at the oars 
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory 
Never underestimate the power of passion 
Sweet , meteor shower at 11 tonight . Hope it's better than the last one 
So ecstatic ! :D It's time to start anew :) 
I love Hip Hop 
Day 1 of my new diet . Can't wait to see the results in the next couple of months :) 
Listening to R&B music while it's raining is very relieving 
I think I have to break my controller in order for it to work 
I asked one of the workers where the Black Fridays Ads at and he thought I said where the hash at . He was like omg , where ? I want to know too hahal 
Let's all have a Happy Thanksgiving Day today :) and safe Black Friday lol 
Dammit .... These Mexican's brought a tent and trying to fit 8 people in there haha 
Only cause I'm waiting in line for Black Friday lol\ 
Like my status and I'll tell you my own version of that's what's up ! 
Helped the environment by buying an Eco-friendly TV 
I have a strange feeling that the hip hop genre is going to die soon and just become another fad .... unfortunately :( 
Finally bought my TAO ticket\ 
Together As One 
And the hardest part about the business is minding your own 
It's tamales making month lol 
This \vote your favorite story\ " on the news feed is interesting .. " 
Those < PROPMALE > life-size cut outs look so real . Everytime I walk up the door , it seems as if someone is actually there . It's so eerie .. 
Got a haircut like < PROPMALE > Cazarez :( 
I'm confused ... The cartoon profile change pic was made my pedophiles to lure kids into adding them ?? 
Why not ? \ 
Like this , and I'll tell you which song you remind me of . lol 
I'm going to miss my History of Rock n Roll class deeply . :( Such an interesting and fun class it is 
You need a travel agent , cause you a trip 
Sweet . I just got cleared to write an autobiography on Kanye West . :D 
And look , I really think that nobody does it better . I love the way you put it together , uh 
Nice , for my soc . class we're gonna eat at < PROPFEMALE > Gardens for the final lol . Can't wait , it's the last class too ! Then it's the countdown to 2011 ... 
Orale ! I got tickets for the Lopez Tonight show on the 21st ! Whatcha , imma be like this-\ 
Haha , can't wait 
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy .... Such a compelling piece of work 
Variety is the spice of life !! 
Found out who the special guests were for Lopez Tonight . Can't wait for the 21st ! 
Can't believe my belt broke in the restaurant haha\ 
Now that first semester is over , I'm one step closer to going to Chico ! 
I don't need no love all I need is a DJ 
I don't think I'm ready for TAO 
Shout out to < PROPMALE > Banuelos and < PROPMALE > Cercado ! \ 
Thanks < PROPMALE > for everything , I'll give you something for Christmas haha 
Might as well see the Lunar Eclipse since I'm going to be up . Hope it looks good 
Ever ever Mr. West is in the building ? 
Saw < PROPFIRST > Lopez live on his show and got free tickets to another show ! \ 
Tune in tonight on TBS to watch Lopez Tonight ! < PROPFIRST > Simmons makes a speciall appearance along with < PROPFEMALE > Lafayette !! 
Ice rink !! 
Got free tickets to another < PROPFIRST > Lopez show , but can't find anybody else to go with . \ 
Bummed for real 
She don't believin choosin cars\ 
But she believe in shootin stars 
I just scored 238,099 points , playing House Music on Extreme in Tap Tap Revenge ! 
Christmas just isn't the same anymore . At least I have memories to look back at and smile . Only thing to do now is just celebrate with the family and < PROPFEMALE > the day and look forward to new years\ 
Yea it's cliche , but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Its been going good , but good could turn to better 
Man I swear she fine homes , \ 
Why she always lying though ? 
She said she wants some < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , some < PROPMALE > Vandross , a little < PROPFEMALE > , will definitely set this party off right 
I can be your Sun and you could be my Earth 
Having the cops knock on your door this late is not good . But i a saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > so it's all good 
2011 year ? Now Loading ... ??????????????? 95.85% 
24/7 , 365 , Chico stays on my mind 
Love Live Life Proceed Progress 
The grass is always greener on the other side 
I know I’m preaching to the congregation , \ 
We love Jesus , but she done learned a lot from Satan 
Finally got the Kinect =) 
The minimalist lifestyle is fascinating 
1/1/11 1/11/11 11/1/11 11/11/11 
Special K cereal tastes good 
Can't be scared to fail 
It makes a smlight difference lol 
Might need bifocals or eye surgery because my vision is bad 
Driving down the freeway while listening to R&B music . So relaxing 
This year is going to be insane 
Cinnamon rolls and coffee =) 
It's impossible to lose you , \ 
Because I never had you , \ 
Although I would be glad to 
Tattoos are living < PROPMALE > =) 
Good looks attract the eyes , \ 
Personality attracts the heart 
June 25th & 26th just got better 
Considering going to law school after graduating . I keep being told that being a lawyer is perfect for me , but I'm not sure . Have to see what the next two years bring 
Does anyone else enjoy listening to classical music these days ? 
Day 1 of 560 begins\ 
It'll go by fast 
aaauhh 
I fear for the younger generation -_- 
Considering going to the Coachella Festival this year . But I don't know anyone who's going :/ 
The Jets put up a good fight to the Steelers , but I see the Packers winning Superbowl XLV ;) 
Sunday night slow jams 
Asian food is so good ! 
What's a great way to relieve anger ? 
I plan on staying in shape for a very long time 
Watching Modern Family while setting up my desk sure does take away the frustration 
I could get use to this =) 
No Coachella this year :( I was looking forward to see Kanye West perform too . At least there's EDC 
My professor just showed us her epic < PROPMALE > Potter doll collection 
I keep seeing cars with Chico license plates :/ 
You make me feel alive 
Club Energy has some good songs playing . Also brings back some good memories haha 
The Lord of The Rings score is intense 
My dog just had puppies . Might sell them =D 
It would be interesting to go to a 70's themed Disco club haha 
Music is < PROPMALE > 
Looking back at my family pictures really makes me want to do something with a family of my own and create amazing memories with happiness and laughter along the way 
Psychology should be great interesting this year . Getting an A isn't difficult at all ! 
No sleep 
Loose leaf books just did me dirty -_- 
Sunset is looking nice 
Bass down low 
Can't wait for next year . I'm gonna host the fights and games at my apartment lol 
Wow really ?!?! 
Lodi dodi we likes to party 
It was a good close game but I knew the Packers were going to win . Green and Yellow 
No more fast food lol . It's not doing my body any good :/ 
R . < PROPFIRST > had to perform on a Monday :/ 
Had a great time in English class . Need more days like this ! 
Looks like there might be a lockout for the NFL next season 
\Facebook ? Why don't you face book and study ? \ " haha " 
EDC needs to get here soon . Its been so boring lately 
I miss the 90's 
I'm about to lose my mind , \ 
You've been gone for so long , \ 
I'm running out of time , \ 
I need a doctor 
Finding out new workouts at the gym is nice . Especially by people who know what they're doing lol 
I hope I don't regret this lol 
All I can say is , I can't wait for Chico . That is all . 
Once you go < PROPMALE > , you don't go back 
I think I got the dancing thing finally down haha 
Good things come to those who wait . I know I'll have my < PROPMALE > eventually 
There is no < PROPMALE > . Only < PROPMALE > ists . 
Watching Get Him To The Greek 
Never felt so determined to succeed !!! 
Found out about some interesting stuff . Only makes the future that much better ! 
Watchmen is such a good movie 
Need some changes soon 
< PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 3 ! 
Next time I'm moving , I'm drinking Red Bulls or Monsters 
Makes me glad that strangers are willing to help . Always good to do the same 
Listening to some jazz while chilling , looking at the clouds . So relaxing .. 
You are what you think 
It's so cold right now . Even the geese are quacking 
Sleep ? What is this sleep you speak of ? 
Music Unlimited on the PS3 is awesome 
I won't be able to see < PROPFIRST > perform today in Fresno buuut , I might see him perform in Chico this year ! Not sure yet though :/ 
That Moment 4 Life song keeps playing all over the place 
love & other drugs 
Going to take my fitness level up a notch 
Almost ran over a < PROPFEMALE > -_- 
Might be a < PROPMALE > I could go to EDC this summer in Las Vegas . Not sure yet , but it would be an awesome day to spend Summer break there 
40 days 
The world is slowly falling apart .. 
Now or never 
Supermoon tomorrow ? Maybe ... 
