glad to see this year gone ...... 

wish it would stop being < PROPFEMALE > already .... been kinda crappy here for about a week 
is concerned , my house guests left this morning at 10 already two bloody < PROPFIRST>'s deep ..... it is now three and they are no where to be found , wonder how drunk they are and how obnoxious they will be when they get back 
now they have their mulligan ..... 
walk through the jungle to arco ballena , no bueno ... thank god for hydrocortisone cream .... 
so tired .... 
damn its humid .... maybe that is why < PROPMALE > refuses to sleep 
thai night with the girls ! too bad i'll have the baby in tow 
is having a hard time saying no to moving to a house that is 45 minutes away from everything without a pool but with the most jaw dropping view i have ever seen ...... decisions , decisions 
waiting for my parents to get here and then heading to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for 5 days ! 
seriously the nicest place i have ever stayed ..... 
ugh on vacation with a sick baby 
is venturing out of the condo today ..... looks like munchie is better but i feel worse , funny how that always works out . hopefully < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is cool 
he is finally sleeping , thank god ! esp after being up till 11pm last night , seriously what is wrong with my child 
holy crap < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is a totally different world , never experienced a costa rica like this ! my dad said i live out in the middle of nowhere i guess he might be right --- i'm missing my quiet beaches with no one in sight --- 
we are walking !!!!!! 
people warned me how intense parent visits are when you live out of town but i seriously had NO IDEA ..... 5 days and counting 
can't go out to dinner one more night , i think i might die 
is excited to come back to the land of good internet , target , and reliable produce at the grocery store 
almost three months down here and i found a REAL crib , not a pack n play a real crib .... < PROPMALE > you will be sleeping well tonight my friend 
need your opinion : would you rather attend a first birthday party on a friday evening or a sunday afternoon ? ( dinner or lunch basically ) 
1 more day , 1 more day ..... 
is heading toward a mental breakdown ...... 
i officially live in costa rica , my car is broken ..... and we have to figure out how to get to san < PROPFIRST > on monday ( 5 or so hours away ) ..... gggrrr 
going to look at a potential new house , pool and a yard , hard things to find around here ! 
is heading for a long drive to san < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , hopefully the baby doesn't scream the whole way like he did here ..... 
made it home in one piece ! all screwed up , can't believe it is still light outside 
aawwww , its good to be home , i've missed my people . 
is very cold .... 
is blonde again .... 
signing the in-laws up for facebook , i think this might be officially lame 
nice to be back , came home with a walking , babbling , raspberry blowing , kissing ( his new trick ) machine ! 
is it normal for a one year old to fight sleep like crazy ? maybe he only needs one nap a day now ? 
do you ever wonder who still plays the bagpipes ???? my neighbor apparently . and it is really fucking loud , thanks for waking up the baby jerk ..... first clue that you shouldn't play bagpipes on your deck in a neighborhood where everyone leaves their w 
my child now flails his arms when he is excited and answers his toy telephone ..... 
going to look at another house , hope we won't be disappointed again ..... 
new house ! ya , pool and an outdoor shower .... and the most amazing some grass ! 
rain here smells like seattle ..... if that makes any sense 
first babysitter tomorrow am ..... not sure if i am going to leave the house , might just make a baby book ( i'm so behind ) 
ninera ( babysitter ) just left , had to use the computer to translate .... i need to get better at speaking spanish , that being said i understood more than i ever had ...... 
no wonder munchie is hating life , he is cutting 4 teeth , 2 just poking through and the others underneath the gum . lesson to moms : music soothes the savage beast 
< PROPMALE > was suppose to be home at around 4 it is now 6 , pouring rain and getting dark , i'm worried . he has the car and the working phone ---- 
happy birthday to munchie !!! 
lost my husband again today , hmmm is this becoming a reoccurring theme ? apparently a softball game takes 5 hours , gotta love tico time , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had the best thai food i've had in a long time last night , at my neighbors ..... 
after months of purposely keeping < PROPMALE > away from our sketchy stairs he has learned to climb them and wants to learn to go down .... in the process of trying to teach him he almost rolled down them twice today 
first full day of the weaning process , even though they say 2 years i just really can't imagine nursing a 2 year old in public ..... this is going to be interesting ! 
sick husband and weaning/teething baby makes for a very tired me ! 
feliz < PROPFEMALE > de la madre ! 
now we have a sick me , sick < PROPMALE > , and crazy baby ...... boo ! 
ugh , tired !!! baby just went down for a nap , going to lay down and watch trashy tv while trying to decide if i should still have the ninera come tonight ... thinking not i don't want to get her sick too 
officially coming back to the states dec 11th thru the 21st , who wants to go shopping with me ?!? 
shit he can now reach stuff at the edge of the counter .... 
has been fighting the nap war .... and loosing 
huge black wasps building hives all around my house , waiting for < PROPMALE > to get home with < PROPFEMALE > spray and trying to explainto the baby that outside is not good right now 
baby slept in today ! ya , got up at 5:30 
anyone else's little guy still get the hiccups all the time at one ? 
great costa day = < PROPFEMALE > with a breeze + feria + beach + nap 
baby just got stung by a giant black wasp , at least i now know that he isn't allergic to bees/wasps 
ugh what a fun day ! < PROPMALE > pinched his non swollen ( from the wasp ) hand in the door got so upset that he puked his dinner all over ..... good times 
wow ! left the baby with the ninera , went to the gym and the grocery store , came home to a sleepy baby ! i feel like a new person .... 
breathe ..... its ok 
big exciting things are happening here .... 
so for my first big thing cause i know some of you are wondering , our friends has their baby this morning at around 7:30 , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , just under 6 pounds .... congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , we are all so excited to meet her 
clean , clean , we have visitors coming ! 
apparently for some people it is an option to sleep on an atv , toilet , and stairs all in one night . costa is always full of interesting people 
please god just let his teeth cut , i can't handle many more days like this 
yeah weird ..... sorry i'm not walking anywhere today woke up in the middle of the night with a pretty high fever and started puking . feel better today just really really tired 
and the last thing i needed was to get the flu/food poisoning .... fun fun ! 
is the sinking feeling in my stomach a sign of bad things to come or just the extension of the stomach flu i'm recovering from ....... 
is still alive , i just don't have internet anymore 
not having internet sucks 
so looks like that bad feeling in my stomach was true 
ok wow ! didn't mean to freak everyone out , just feel like everything is falling apart ..... looks like we are going to have to move back home and there is literally an issue with everything 
homeward bound ! be back in seattle tomorrow ....... 
so so so cold ! 
wow ! look over at my bday thingy and all of costa is having a bday today .... sorry i couldn't be there but happy bday to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
going digging through boxes today ! its great fun when you've been up since 4:30 and need to make a list of the zillion things you need to fill basic house needs . if anyone is interested i am taking donations ..... 
spent the day cleaning congealed grease off my stove top , range , granite , backsplash , and countertop because my shitty renter didn't think cleaning was important ..... 
sick baby =( 
happy to see 3 sheets back .... 
not having a car sucks .... 
ahhh back in my own house ! just wish it was located in a tropical place ..... 
aaaahhhhh cranky baby and angry husband , maybe a part time job won't work ..... 
HAHAHA !!!! i found you asshole , you will pay i promise !!! all my ' detective ' work has finally paid off and i found the new residence of my shitty renter who owes me a ton of money ! i got to warn his new landlord too , maybe she will have a better < PROPMALE > than we did . 
ow ! 
the zoo apparently isn't entertaining enough for my child , however the empty field in the zoo where there are no animals to see is where he wants to be ..... 
i now have short red hair ...... 
its official , < PROPMALE>'s first accidental call to 911 . thank god i heard someone on the other line or we would have had cops show up ..... guess i should stop letting him play with the house phone ! 
cranky very cranky ...... why is it when i have about a million things to do i can never get to a single one ?????? 
congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPMALE > made it down the aisle both ways , so proud ..... and today is very < PROPMALE > over- it was a good wedding =) 
and again , and again , and again ....... 
and to top it all off , i think i broke my toe 
ahhh naptime ! 
goodbye 2010 ! wasn't as bad as ' 09 but could use some improvement , hoping 2011 is better 
for my wonderful sister and everyone else i know ........ Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about 
does anyone else's child walk around having gibberish conversations with themselves ? 
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
now he can climb out of a pack n play , the crib has to be coming ..... i am envisioning a little visitor in our bedroom at sometime soon 
officially survived the wedding show ! all by myself this year , thank god that is over ...... and i already got a hit- I'M BACK 
anybody know anyone who needs someone to watch/nanny their kids part time ? ideally ok with them bringing their own kid ......... 
seriously , does anyone ever follow the facebook ads on the right ? like would it be worth it to advertise a&o there ? 
good lord i miss costa ! 
how bizarre , < PROPMALE > is MUCH more interested and willing to try to speak spanish ..... 
wedding season has officially begun , first set of the save the dates went out this week , met with 5 new brides and have 8 more meetings scheduled in the next week and a half .... busy , busy ! 
alright i'm hoping on the bandwagon , i will try crossfit .... i bet < PROPFIRST > friel is dying a little bit inside losing a follower 
ready to go to bed at noon , its gonna be a long day ! 
no wonder i've been so tired , woke up sick this morning , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
get to go do a bridal consultation , with NO voice .... this is going to be interesting 
ugh , sick mommy sick baby .... sucks 
the only thing worse than having a sick baby is knowing that you passed the sickness to them .... hopefully he feels better tomorrow 
really ?! really ?! < PROPMALE > and i are finally starting to feel better and < PROPMALE > is up all night puking ..... he doesn't know it yet but he will be quaranteened to our bedroom and the bonus room and i'm sleeping on the couch --- the last thing i need is a puking , coughing baby ! 
for Bjorn Nielson , < PROPFIRST > Bergesen , Grandpa Bernt , Papa and my mom , who is still with us and fought a hell of a fight ! Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you won't copy & paste this tex ... t to their Facebook profile status , will you ? 
just as i am feeling better , i take a turn for the worse , will i ever get over this cold ?????? i'm so tired of being sick 
finally on the mend , but oops we got grammy sick .... no more babysitter =( 
most frustrating part of my job is having a client want something ugly , being unable to talk them out of it , even after showing them how much better it could be , then having to sit and design this ugly thing ..... yuk . 
flush , flush , flush , < PROPMALE > has apparently learned how to flush the toilet 
is today over yet ? 
can't focus ..... 
poor little guy , first ear infection 
blah 
baby with < PROPMALE > this morning , so nice ! 
its a sad sad day for this country . so much for governed for the people by the people --- 
naptime marathon finally done , time to sit and work with a giant cup of tea , all i want to do is sleep ! 
how come i always get some song from toddler group stuck in my head ? all i've heard all day is ' i roll the ball to ' insert name here ' , he rolls it back to me ' 
ugh munchkin now has pink eye and the doc thinks he is starting to get a virus --- fun fun ! 
shit he now has the stomach flu ---- 
so i'm thinking not the stomach flu cause his ' issues ' only lasted for an hour or so , but it appears i now have sore throat .... ugh , another virus ! 
i am cranky and sick , with a child who is clearly not himself , and rather bi-polar . and i need to work , but i think sleep would be more beneficial to my mood --- poor < PROPMALE > ! 
i don't understand how it is taking my neighbors over a week to move out of a house that can't be any bigger than 1500sq ft .... and there is still crap everywhere . i feel bad for the owners , i'm sure its going to be a total bitch to get the house ready for the next renters- 
is it possible my child is going through the 2.5 disequilibrium at almost 20 months ? or is it just going to be waaayyy worse then ? 
been awake maybe ten minutes or so , massive fit number one . and counting ..... 
most frustrating day ever !!!! 
leaving the to-do list for tomorrow , already been a really stressful week so i'm taking the night off , hope my clients will understand ! 
just shaved < PROPMALE>'s head , and like i predicted he freaked out !!! but a lot easier than cutting it with scissors 
please explain to me how it is possible the one thing in place to save my family's quickly sinking ship is now TOTALLY and completely f'd up ? ---- its amazing how many crappy things keep happening , the gig is up , i think we are ready to cash in 
fuck you citi morgage , you are a crappy company 
rad ... the stomach flu 
i think we've made it through , everyone appears to be done puking --- hopefully that doesn't happen again for a LONG time 
about 12 hours cleaning the new house today , finally home for good but now working on stuff for clients , still feeling a bit iffy .... just want this week of my life over 
it appears that all of the ' fingers don't go in the toilet'-s i have told < PROPMALE > have finally sunk in , he now sticks his feet in 
exhausted . 
just gotta get through one more day , then off to vegas early tomorrow am ..... now only if the weather forcast would change , i need some heat ! 
laid down for a few seconds during danes nap to relieve my frustration from this fi t-t acular day , woke up an hour and a half later .... i'd say it worked ! 
< PROPMALE>'s new favorite ' lullaby ' : folsom prison blues 
here we go again ..... 
ugh , getting sick 
need to remember that when you see the warnings signs in business and life it is best just to walk away -- 
pretty sure i'm not the only one who got nothing accomplished today , judging by the fact i've gotten 0 new emails since 11 am 
calling it quits for the night early to sit and drink wine with < PROPMALE > 
i cannot take one more fit 
bad ear infection with a torn eardrum .... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are both out of town , was up at least every two hours last night- awesome 
i ? azithromycin --- munchie is MUCH better today , thank god 
its not uh oh if you do something on purpose .... good lord its only 1 and i could use a drink 
i am now completely obsessed with finishing reading the lovely bones ( a little late i know ) and am convinced i should have forced my way through it while pregnant cause i think it is even harder as a parent .... 
if you haven't noticed , i have not posted a link to my house , which means it has sold , today in fact ..... now onto the next problem , where to live ? i got 30 days to figure it out 
couldn't really tell you why , but feeling a little defeated today 
i don't understand why it is taking my dryer three cycles to dry a load of clothes ..... nothing appears to be wrong and i have a mountain of laundry =( 
smart guides --- so useful , so annoying 
i have come to the realization that the old adage ' having it all ' is a complete load of crap especially if you actually want to enjoy life 
came to the realization i have to MOVE again in about a week and like ususal , nothing is packed or even remotely ready ..... the only thing that i'm taking solice in is that we don't own much from moving 6 times in two years 
i am pretending that i did not just see my husband drive off with our son on his lap !!!! know they are only going up the street but we aren't in costa anymore , that will be one crazy ticket ! 
if i'm lucky maybe five hours of sleep last night , followed by a day full of packing work and cranky toddler , can you guys who didn't sleep either ? 
3 days till we sign and move , 5 days till we close , can't come soon enough ! 
upstairs packing , listening to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > sing songs about football =) cute very cute ! 
last night in our house , although i've moved out once before , i have to admit i'm just as sad ..... 
unpacking , unpacking , unpacking ! will it ever end ? 
yeah ! my internet is back ! 
anybody else's kid go nuts when they got their two year molars ? < PROPMALE > is insanely tired and so full of energy at the same time , along with needy and clingy ...... can't wait for them just to come in 
< PROPMALE > managed to lock my mother in laws keys , purse , and glasses in her car --- that kid is trouble already ! 
it appears i have found the cure for mono : virigin coconut oil , astragulas , garlic , st < PROPFIRST>'s wart , goldenseal , b-complex , apple cider vinegar , pre-natal , and kombucha 
skydiving , shopping , dinner at aureole , live music at house of blues , good day in vegas ! 
back home and childless till tomorrow , don't know what to do with myself ! 
who would have thought with a husband who has mono , that i would get it ..... i'm hoping my herbal/vitamin cocktail works wonders for me too 
sleep , must sleep --- 
< PROPMALE > is on the OBX war path , i give us 2 months < PROPMALE > in seattle --- heaven help me 
edmonds was full of crazies today -- my personal fav : overweight guy in his mid 60's with shoulder length < PROPMALE > of white hair , long beard , wearing only ( no shoes or shirt ) women's dazy dukes that were at least 2 sizes too small and didn't have pockets on the ass -- i wish i had a camera 
totally dreading the drive out to factoria today with the kiddo in morning traffic , just to drop off something to a client , i should have put my foot down 
not liking this weather .... 
boo ! < PROPMALE > woke up with a cold now we have to postpone his bday play group tomorrow --- even though he doesn't know the difference i'm feel bad 
happy birthday little guy ! can't believe you are two ---- 
feeling big changes coming 
\the rolling hills and < PROPFEMALE > trees of < PROPFEMALE > wait for me .... \"" 
going blonde ! 
if you couldn't tell , i FINALLY found our camera cord , almost a year later .... 
braving rush hour traffic to < PROPMALE > to meet my new nephew !!! 
its officially the week of babies , who else will go into labor this week ? 3 down .... 
seriously regretting the massage i had on saturday to relieve crazy tight muscles in my hip , the muscles are great but now i have a raging pinched nerve from all the pressure point releases , ugh i would rather have the tight muscles 
what is better with a 2 year old --- leaving ridiculously early and flying all day \ 
( 2- 3 hour flights , with layover ) or leaving around nap and flying till about midnight , then staying the night in a hotel ? 
flights booked , dreading oct 5th 
< PROPMALE > is finally in his crib wearing my hasselbeck jersey over his pj's cuddling a football 
let the sorting , purging , and packing begin ! 
ever want to feel REALLY stupid , enter the real world for 6 years and then take a GRE practice test ..... 
nothing worse than a sick toddler .... 
exhausted . 2.5 days solid of high fever , no appetite , and restless sleep , this would be much easier if i was the one who was sick ..... 
breathe in , breathe out ......... at least the fever is gone , hopefully his bad mood won't last forever 
anybody know of someone who would be interested in 22 bum genius 3.0 one size ? ( cloth diapers ) trying to purge before the move and we don't use them anymore , they have been taken care of very well and were used for about 5 months .... boyish colors 
throw away , organize , pack , throw more away , every 6 months , the mystery is how do i keep ending up with so much stuff 
i hate waiting on other people , drives me crazy ! 
phase one , done ! out of our house staying with the inlaws , and < PROPMALE > is in MT 
pretty sure i'm in over my head .... 
less than a week ! 
< PROPMALE > made it out of west < PROPFEMALE > alive without any deliverance sort of episodes ! and is finally in the the OBX ---- i guess its really time for me to leave seattle .... 
< PROPMALE > is at dinner at a new friend's house in NC , its about 9pm there and surprisingly he hasn't gotten kicked out yet , must be a good sign .... 
first real quiz , wish me luck ! 
waking up at 3:25 is unnatural ... 
ahhh , ocean how i missed hearing you everyday ! made to NC in one piece , and if it wasn't for < PROPMALE > being all messed up time wise it would be perfect ! 
aaaaahhhhhhhh , sun , watching the ocean from my deck , and dolphins ! 
likes it on the table behind the couch 
got a lesson on what it means to be called < PROPFEMALE > in the south ! thanks for the great evening < PROPFEMALE > , we had a blast ! 
i wonder if the baby monitor would make it out to the beach ..... 
ahhh ... running on the < PROPFEMALE > beach 
can't believe i'm already getting christmas advertisement emails and thinking about christmas cards ..... 
is it over yet ? cause i'm totally over it ..... 
lives with a parrot ..... who likes to copy < PROPMALE > , i need another girl around here to balance this all out ! 
< PROPMALE > is laying in bed playing the harmonica instead of sleeping .... 
first official swear ..... shit .... who's fault , ummm mine 
lives with a mini jekyll and hyde who seems to prefer hyde 
black truck = blek fuck 
< PROPMALE > was def right , black truck DOES equal butt fuck .... oh boy , this is going to get interesting , he walked around for a good 5 < PROPFEMALE > tonight saying this is a butt fuck , while < PROPMALE > and i couldn't control our laughter . i see this being embarrassing sometime in the future 
went to a little historical farm today and the only thing < PROPMALE > was more interested in besides the cow poop was the grave yard , not really sure what to make of it 
pretty sure a restaurant with a playground in the back that lets you eat or just take beers out there is the greatest invention ever --- thank you outer banks brew station ! 
frustrating morning ..... worst part is the most frustrating person is myself ! 
< PROPMALE > has his first official girlfriend , little < PROPFEMALE > all of 7 months old , the only child i have ever seen him be genuinely nice to , with kisses and all .... i wish i had my camera 
pretty sure that if i met my online statistics professor we would hate each other 
< PROPMALE > irons rest in peace , and peace to your pregnant wife too ..... so very weird , from the dengue where i have been you have to contract it mulitple times and be sick multiple times for it to be fatal , unusual to all the sudden get it and die without knowing , esp for someone so well traveled ...... 
6 am spin class , jumping dolphins , and < PROPFEMALE > weather ...... november in obx 
hour and a half later , he is actually asleep , don't know if i should be excited or irritated 
never thought i would be so excited to go to costco !! norfolk , va bound bright and early tomorrow am 
froggie potty , that is all it took , first ' pee-pee in the potty ' followed by two more tonight . we're on our way !!! 
finally finally figured it out , just a mater of categorical or quantitative data , please tell me why in all my questions to my prof , she couldn't just say if its categorical use this formula , if its quantitative use this ..... i don't like this woman . 
sunday dinner with lots of friends =) good times . 
thinking i might go red head ( < PROPFEMALE > stone-ish ) this week , time for my fall kick off right < PROPFEMALE > ? 
not really sure what to make of this ..... i'm rather confused 
....... aaaaannnnnnddddd now i'm a redhead ! oh and i got a NC drivers license too , amazing what you can accomplish in one day without a 2 yr old . 
new place , new outlook , new perspective = new brand !!! renaming the company , i think , if i can come up with something(secretly i hate the name) ---- i need some help , suggestions ?? 
picking ourselves up , dusting off , and getting back on the horse .... AGAIN 
glad to report its going to be about 70 here today 
just had to drop the hammer , and i'm feeling really guilty . i wish people you hire would just do their job --- 
ear infection =( 
ya ! husky win , online christmas shopping , and IT'S SNOWING !!! apparently it does that in NC 
stats final done ! now i'm going to spend the evening forgetting everything i learned these last 3 months 
super tired , chills , head ache , and sore throat , this really isn't looking good .... 
um ..... its snowing 
snowing ALL day and no accumulation , only a dusting on the roof tops , so weird 
yay ! 3.2 in the unnecesarily hard stats class i just finished , now if i end up back in school , i don't have to retake it ! 
11:30 still in jammies , watching the snow storm and making cookies for < PROPFEMALE > 
just finished traveling with pomegranates , not my fav , the first half i found kinda interesting , but then it just became too much ..... really your life gets mapped out for you in dreams ? would you like to extend that power to me ? i could use it .... 
< PROPMALE > and i have the never ending cold , this sucks 
wishing < PROPMALE > didn't puke when he hurt himself , now i have to figure out how to get the smell out of the couch ..... ugh ! 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
just my luck < PROPMALE > is waking up right at kick off =( 
today was not a good day 
< PROPMALE > is heading to VA today , my jealously over him going to costco , target , and trader joes is nearing his trips to hyper mas in san < PROPFIRST > , costa 
RIP bj !! we miss you ! 
new ink today 
puking baby =( 
will be glad when the kiddo is asleep , one of those days .... 
so over the snow !!! 
morning run , on the beach , with the sunrise , and ..... frozen sand --- it just isn't right ! 
i hate moving 
stranded . not having my car sucks ! too cold for the beach today too =( 
dreading the next day and a half ---- wish me luck .... 
wors t.t raveling . ever ! that was horrible ! delay for 2 hours in VA , had to change itinerary to get out ---- went to WA DC delayed on the ground , ter < PROPFEMALE > al PACKED with people , 6 hour flight , < PROPMALE > slept maybe 45 < PROPFEMALE > and cried for another hour . and big surprise my bag that they called to have moved to my flight while i was standing there did not get moved , i have no clothes and no shoes ! 
wine , port , and dessert with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tonight --- i missed my seattle friends !!! 
made it to domi !! finally ..... i miss it here 
on the day of a tsunami warning my husband took my son surfing for his first time ..... he had a blast ! i'm in trouble ----- 
boys are heading to pavonnes tomorrow , now what to do with a mother in law , 82 year old grandma , and a 2 1/2 year old who has zero fear ? think we are going to try and stay away from the ocean .... 
leaving paradise ..... =( 
wedding people help ! \ 
\ 
i have a dear family friend getting married 7-23-11 and JUST found out her venue is closing !! she was and wanted to get married in chelan but now is thinking that on such short notice it isn't possible and is looking into seattle , anybody know of anyone with and opening or have any brilliant ideas ? \ 
she sent save the dates to about 200 people , email me if you want budget info .... THANK YOU 
