I am a man truly blessed ! 

Just wrapped up the last day of my transition with my replacement ... Have a 15 < PROPFEMALE > paper left to write , a trip to Baghdad for business , and then I'm outta here . I'll be home in two or so weeks ! :) 
Just arrived in Baghdad ... after 4 hours on a plane ... from a place that's only 20 minutes away . Pretty sure I can now say I've covered most of Iraq in the air . Holy Moly ! 
Thankful for all those who have given their lives for me and my family ... may your sacrifices never be forgotten . 
After close to 8 months of deployment and away time .... I FINALLY get to be with my son again ! :) Couldn't be a better day ! 
It's official ... my separation from the Air Force was approved today . I'll no longer be an officer as of 31 Dec . :( 
is on the hunt for a job ! Anyone know of any open positions in either Information Technology Management or Project Management ??? 
I am truly blessed ! :) 
Percocet makes me loopy , not that I mind too badly cuz the massive throbbing pain is gone , but I'm just so thankful for great friends who are helping me out ! 
Landen : I have good news and I have bad news\ 
Kristin : you dropped the kids off at the pool but you can't get ' em out of the car ? \ 
Landen : Yup\ 
Lmao ! 
My life has never been better ... and there's so much more in store ! :) 
It's official : We're moving to Charleston , SC next month . I received my formal job offer today ! :) 
Landen : Daddy , I drank a lot . I drank at school , I drank at home , I drank before bed ... and ..... BOOOYAH ... I peed . I mean , I peed a LOT ! 
Well , we are officially out of AZ . Thank you everyone who helped move all our stuff . I will miss all my friends who we left behind . Love you all . 
I think there should be a warranty on one's body ... if you're falling apart before the age of 40 , you should be able to go to God and get a new one ! I feel old . 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . Thank you all who continue where I left off . 
We just got back from Vienna , Austria on Sunday and tomorrow we're off to Rome for the Thanksgiving holiday ! :) So much to be thankful for and my life is better than I ever thought possible ! Life . Is . Great ! 
A regular person has 1000 wishes ; a Soldier only one : to come home safely . In honor of my boy who is out there fighting for our freedom and to keep the war away from my family , I post . Praying for all who are still away fighting , and a great thanks to all others serving past , present and future ! There is no greater love than he who lay down his life for a friend . Praying for your safe return brother . 
She said .... \Yes ! \ " :) " 
One year ago today , my life changed forever : I met the woman of my dreams . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
