Fun fact of the day : critically acclaimed teen hip band thing Paramore has done a cover of U2's \Sunday Bloody Sunday\ " . I have lost all respect for them . " 

one more week , everybody . Then we all get to turn our brains off for the summer . wouldnt want to overuse them , oh no 
woooo . all we have to do is a dance , canobie and half day thing . then SUMMER WOOOO 
3 more dayyys . then 7 more after that until camp . then another month until school . at least these last few days hope to be fun . 
blechhh . Dance later , apparently now dubbed a semiformal . wearing dressier stuff , and a cool tie 
dance ........ boring . Canobie ..... off . Coco Keys , on . Wee ? 
school's out , scream and shout ! ( not really , and DEFINITELY dont sing ) 
on quotationspage.com looking up how many different people can call people stupid 
just got up . I AM A DISGRACE TO ALL MORNING PEOPLE ALIVE 
GO < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!!!! in other news , camp tomorrow , so il not see many people for a while 
and with that , its time for camp again . I will not be with you all for quite some time . I had BETTER not have 99 notifications when I get back . ok , bye byesies 
is back . From camp . ' twas fun . writing new note now . 
NEW NOTE READ COMMENT . see , that seems straightforward enough , right ? 
GAAAAAAAAR READ MY NOTE GAAAAAR ........ ( pweeeease ? ) 
NOOOOOOOOOTE ( ill stop when someone does something about it ) 
Summer is , once again , wasting away while all us good-natured folks sit here . And go on Facebook . And not do anything else . Problem ? I . THINK . NOT . 
new game , playing that , then what ? more boredom ? YEP 
watching the meteor shower 2nite ....... anyone else ? 
back from a fun day at water country with my mom , my sis , and three of her friends . 
another day , another time watching my sis with her friends , another day wasting my time away on the computer , and another day of NOT HAVING A LIFE . Of course , this all changes slightly with the concept of high school , making us have LESS free time . Which , for some , is good . 
can anyone who just got back from camp tell me the banquet theme ? 
wow ............................ there goes summer . Few more days , then to Summer Institute ( NFTY thing ) , then HIGH SCHOOL WOOOOOOO 
sleepover tonite , then something tomorrow , then Summer Institute , then HIGH SCHOOL . ( yes , be excited ..... NOW ) 
is going off to Institute soon . Be back Sunday , for going to school on Tuesday . TUESDAY 
got back from Institute yesterday , last day of summer today . Mother appears adamant on doing something outside . 
last night till school for most of us and , shocker , WE'RE ON FACEBOOK . ( including me ) 
back from school and all I have to say is : My back strength will increase exponentially on account of about 30 #@$&* ! POUNDS on my BACK 
English ( pirate ) is soooooooo funny ! Go to settings , and find out for yourself . 
ughhhhhhhh . I hate writing on the first day back ! I'M SO OUT OF PRACTICE AAAAAAAAAAAH 
so far this is the oldest I've ever been . 
has finally figured out what he wants for his birthday ...... a laptop ! 
yes , I'm going to the dance . no , I'm not staying till 11 , thank you very much 
is finding it very hard to concentrate on this bloody Powerpoint I gotta do for bloody English and I'm , waiting for some bloody emails so I can bloody start , and yes , I bloody like the word BLOODY 
aaaaaaaaand ...... always look on the briiight side of life ! * whistle * 
I must say , The Stand by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is one of the best books I have ever read and I'm not even done . If you don't agree , then go drink paint and retard yourself to death . And if you haven't read it for fear of being bludgeoned to death , then why are you still here ? 
chats all screwed uppppp 
does anyone know what time people have to be at the speech and debate meeting tonight ? 
just got back from speech and debate team meeting . It's pretty cool , and < PROPFEMALE > , your brother is very weird 
is very happy there is no school tomorrow for me , and there is for my sis . MOCK MOCK MOCK 
just got back from hiking Wachusett . With the Outing Club . It was fun and I am ready to pass out ....... 0 ( * sad cyclops * 
hope everyone's having fun on this lovely Rosh Hashana morning , getting up , having breakfast , NOT having to do any homework ...... Cause I sure am 
Is actually in the mood to start watching Glee on Hulu or something . Am I giving over to the dark side or soemthing ? The same place guys are when they read the Twilight series just to impress a girl or something ? ( what ? Irony ? WHERE ? ) 
about to go up to NH to visit my cousins . ' twill be a party , lit'rally , on account of it bein me coosin's boythday 
doin homework ( or at least supposed to be doing ) and watching House , Heroes , Castle , and whatever else is on when im done 
bed , reading The Stand , almost done , Wednesday tomorrow , almost there 
is amazed how many people can be this awake to be posting this much on Facebook at 6:30 in the morning . ( excluding me , of course , but I am a morning person ) 
chat wont let me talk tto anyone , sorry whoevers having conversations with me 
spent an hour last night playing with Legos , and it was AWESOME 
well a woman needs a man .... like a fish needs a bicycle ( WOO U2 ) 
good news ? no school . Bad news ? NO school . Other bad news ? I CANT EAT TODAY 
never went to school today . I am hungry . I have to make up gym wednesday , I need to make up work . I never want to not go to school again . 
feels gloriously full after 8 bagels slices , 4 with lox and red onions , and 4 with peanut butter . food is good 
does anyone know the WA gym makeup policy ? 
happy happy happy school day to youuuuuuuuuuuuu 
is now going to focus on A . doing homework , and B . because I'm in such an enlightened mood , writing a note 
I get knocked down , but I get up again , you never gonna keep me down , ( great name too , tubthumping ) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5sTBrs4fhQ 
facebook is being very odd today . It wont let me see any actual posts , just ones from yesterday 
officially switched from IE to Firefox . Best . Decision . Ever . 
is currently attempting to write a speech for the debate tournament on Saturday , so please go away . 
is very glad that there is a long weekend , or else I would be late for school 
now has a profile pic at the s&d tourney too . Looking very weird in a suit , I might add 
I guess its snowing or something outside . I personally am too lazy to look in pitch black darkness , bur I'll find out when I have to walk through it I guess 
gett'n a haircut 
about to leave for < PROPMALE > Leap . I get home at midnight . Then I sleep . I am thankful I dont have to do anything tomorrow 
Nice weekend overall . Got a haircut , went to a dance , found out it's snowing , and got to find out about relationship drama to laugh at next week . Nice weekend , I'd say 
New note just out . Please be nice . 
Working on History essay , and procrastinating . so now I'm going to try and sell my note again , in case nobody heard me the first time . so here : http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/note.php?note_id=156416731659&comments FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE COMMENT ON IT TO FEED MY DEPRIVED EGO . It likes food . 
A . New profile pic . B . getting up at 3 tomorrow morning for a 6 o'clock flight , getting back on Monday . Back to school Tuesday . Probably won't be on very much until then . Peace . 
after staying in a hotel by the sea for a few days , you get very , very , very good at skipping stones 
is NOT looking forward to to going to school tomorrow . I am back from the other side of the country , though . That's a plus , right ? 
not to be too negative , but is there any relationship still together from the eighth grade ? It sure doesnt seem like it . NOT TO BE TOO NEGATIVE , I SAY . 
it seems life something drastic has happened to the town of Westford , Massachussetts . Everyone . Is . Sick . With .................. 
Chicago tech meeting , then off to Vose Hill for dinner , trick or treating , and bonfire . What is this \free time\ " of which you speak ? " 
officially has too much < PROPFEMALE > and too much sugar in his system . Not . Good . For sleeping . 
has absolutely no poetic drive right now 
just wrote 55 lines of limerick . Is now wasting time doing silly interviews . Soon it will be time to write a one-page explanation of what I did . fun ? what is this word of which you speak ? 
its dark . Its 5 o-clock . do you think its fall yet ? 
Well , its production week for Chicago , so ' ll be staying at the school till 10 every night . And it happens to be my birthday tomorrow . 
And now it is my birthday . and I STILL have to stay at the school till 10 , so all you notification faeries out there ..................... begin ** opens flood gates ** 
everyone should go see Chicago sometime this weekend and/or next Thursday/Friday . Would it help it I said please ? 
It's the end of the world as we know it ....... And I feel fine * music note thingie * 
still doesnt have a dislike button ...... 
got back from NFTY Conclavette few hours ago . One of the best weekends I've had so far in my life . Even if I can agree that NFTY is a cult . 
Life only deals you the cards . You're the one who has to play them out . 
' Tis Thursday out of Friday , then 2.5 days next week . So personally , I can't wait for vacation . Howabout you ? 
is extremely happy with his new laptop that was supposed to ship tomorrow . No complaints here . 
getting skype on this very nice new laptop of mine . Usernames ? 
night hike last night . Very tired . Have to set up for parents party . Doesnt want to walk . Hurts to walk . Hard to form coherent thought . Ow . 
You can live in the moment , and thats perfectly fine . OR you could have a plan B , whatever works best for you . 
you shouldnt worry about arguing with yourself , happens all the time . If you lose , however ............ 
is making a greek helmet out of < PROPMALE > . Very messy , and probably will break if someone tries it on . 
does anyone in the current black box show know when the next rehearsal is so I can volunteer for tech ? ( if theres anyone in the current black box show here ) 
is currently home with a 101.4 fever , bodyaches , headaches , tiredness , and chills . Please do not expect me to do any work or such things for at least a few days . kthx 
i hate being sick . Officially . Speaking of which , can people in my classes tell me what I missed ? 
finally hunkering down and listening to radiolab , suggested by our very own Sangeetha Sankaran 
heres something I've been thinking over for a while , this idea . The world is a subjective place , its only right or wrong if you think its right or wrong , it could be none or both . Its all about the perspective . Tell me what you think . Estranged relatives have free reign too . 
its all snowy and stuff . oh yea , random message of the day : life wouldn't be life if it was fair . Snoooooooooooooow ! 
pandora.com = awesome 
I used to think Caffeine had no effect on me . Then I had Monster . I will be lucky if I sleep tonight . 
hanging out in Burlington , VT with family exchanging presents and having a generally good time 
Just a few more days left , then we can all pretend we're crazy and not remember we have brains . Oh yea and we can get presents . 
Just surpassed everyone in Tetris , even those who have absurdly large scores , now I have an even more absurdly large one . So HA 
I am shocked . Most of the people on right now are jews . Who would have guessed ? 
is in the mood for a debate . Unlike most animals , humans do not come with any genetic instructions for how to live life , they < PROPFEMALE > everything from others and their experience . Is this a good thing or bad ? ( I can see a case for both , but I want to know what YOU think ) 
Back from NFTY ( cult ) December Institute . Had a bunch-o fun . Now back to Tetris , because a certain < PROPFIRST > Champine is still beating me somehow . Grr . 
1.1.11 . A brand new year . Let's see what will happen this time around , in 2011 
got a quote for you , too bad its too long . Lets try a comment . 
\Inconceivable ! \ " \ " I do not think that word means what you think it means ..... \"" 
And yet another day spent being lazy and sleeping . What a glorious thing life is . 
* insert meaningful song lyric here * 
almost ready to go ski tripping . THEN , on Mlk day I get to do homework . yay ? 
Just ran out of time to listen to Pandora . A little part of me just died 
oh well , there goes healthcare .......... I can see it whoosh by our heads as we speak ................... 
Instead of studying for midterms , cause I already did that , I'm gonna keep writing a note of my design . Bye bye . 
is done . ( http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-calow/to-be-and-not-to-be-the-question-of-hypocricy/263364136659 ) 
If everyone cared , and nobody cried , if everyone loved , and nobody lied , if everyone shared , and swallowed their pride , then we'd see the day when nobody died 
Long weekends are fun . Especially if they include 2 new games and nothing else to do 
Does anybody have a Spotify account ? apparently an invitation is needed to join , and I would like to . 
cant wait for the week to be done , and the one after that , too . Why ? February just started , and I want vacation already . 
Its at times like this when you realize the sanctity of life , and the inevitability of death , though for some it may come faster than others . Rest in peace , < PROPFEMALE > Marchand . 
Why cant wee be friends ? Why cant we be friends ? why cant we be friends ? why cant we < PROPFEMALE > friiends ? 
' Tis Thursday . Why cant this be next week ? Oh yes , so I can get my report card , I forgot . 
OK internet . I know we have our differences , but I'm in a bad mood . Amuse me . 
why yes , I am indeed giving in to peer pressure . Lets see what comes of it . http://www.formspring.me/ThatCamelGuy 
Go colts ! 
I refreshed the < PROPFEMALE > , and EVERYTHING CHANGED AHHHHHHH . Its quite an interesting new setup , which everyone will hate as inevitable as the bloody tides and then hate the next change too just cause . 
Thoroughly enjoyed learning how to fence with my < PROPMALE > Anastasha Echavarri and her dad . 
Weird fact of the day . < PROPFIRST > Cash , renowned country singer-thing did a cover of U2's \One\ " . Its not bad " 
has become slightly bored with analytical writings . I think my next foray into the written world shall be creative writing . Work ? Not work ? Fear for my life ? 
will have a very happy single's awareness day . Its in the title . I'm single , and very aware about life , so why not be happy ? 
finished with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s The Dark Tower , book 2 . NEXT 
After my latest foray into Salem , < PROPFEMALE > , I come home with comics and a new profile pic . Thoughts ? 
took one of those internet alignment tests for fun . Apparently , I'm chaotic neutral . Yay . 
If you can dodge the draft , you can dodge a ball ! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Kowalczik , < PROPFEMALE > Zhao , Sangeetha Sankaran , and < PROPFIRST > Cummings , I now officially feel sick from eating all those skittles off the ground . You may commence in the mockery now , if you so < PROPFEMALE > . 
back from < PROPFEMALE > purim carnival . Got pied with shaving cream . A lot . Pics up soon . 
Picture of my pie-tastic experience is now up for all to see . And laugh hysterically at . 
feels very silly right now . Reason ? I thought the second to last class of the day was the last class of the day , and I went to the library and did homework instead of going to health . proceed to mocking . 
had some fun watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . Favorite character : Chesher Cat , voiced by < PROPFIRST > Fry . Omnipotence has never been that awesome . 
just realized I published a note without any other notice . This one's about knowledge . Enjoy : http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-calow/scientia-potentia-est/376766666659 
better be going to school tomorrow . If not , then no NFTY for me . Thus worsening my already foul mood . Go ahead , fate . Try me . 
fate tried . I lost . Conclavette and school go bye bye . Unhappy face . 
happy Pi Sunday , everyone . Makeup work time . 
you can pick your friends , and you can pick your nose . But you cannot pick your friend's nose . Believe me , I've tried . 
if you can only believe what you see , are the blind faithless ? 
all this good season in the air has gotten me into a productive mood . Too bad Facebook , in all it's wonderful < PROPFEMALE > , saps it right out of me . Thanks , dear website . 
had a very nice walk today . It helps when the neighborhood you're in is so darn peaceful and nice looking . oh and the weather was nice , too . 
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by threatening my agent with a golf club . 
of all the things to be wasting time on , learning how to toss uno cards across the room is by far one of the coolest . The sad part is that I'm getting quite good at it . 
cant really think of anything to say right now , barring a silly < PROPMALE > python quote or a recollection of my boring life . What is it with this time of year that just saps away all of our energy ? 
rehearsal was fun as usual . Can't wait for the shows this wed . and thurs . at 3 and 7 . You know , hint hint and all . 
hi ho , hi ho . Off to seder we go ....... 
first time on a scooter in a while . It felt nice to be out on such a warm day . Although next time I ride , no sweatshirt ! 
happy easter everyone . Be sure to be on the watch for any zombie Jesuses(Jesi ? ) that pop up now and then . 
OK . It's time enough . Time to hunker down and write some original thought before it all stagnates . Let's see where this one will go . 
this is the part in the writing process where I leave it the heck alone and go outside or something for an hour . 
had a touching reunion with my old pal Tetris Friends , and set a new personal record . Sadly , I am still unable to match the obscenely high score set by < PROPFIRST > Champine all those months ago .... 
is off to see How to Train your Dragon for 11:40 . Hopefully , that silly movie will dredge me out of this icky mood . 
About this time last year , waaaaaay back when in 8th grade , I was on a bus with the rest of my class off to D.C. My , how things have changed since then ..... 
is off to Montreal in the AM tomorrow . Get back on Tuesday . Then let the lazy vacation begin ! 
is now in Montreal , and out to dinner later with grandparents . 
just spent the last 2 or 3 hours disassembling a 50-year-old microfilm reader in my grandparent's basement . Who knew taking things apart could be so much fun ? 
big day ahead of me . Off to downtown Montreal for some shopping with mother and sister . Will be taking buses and metros all the way there . Oh and walking . Feet will hurt by the end of this . A lot . 
on the road , stopping for lunch at the VT welcome center . Sapping Wifi . I love my laptop . 
happy Earth Day . What better way to celebrate than to sit in front of a computer all day ? Its helping the environment ! ( by not hurting it ! ) 
got a haircut . It is short . It makes me sad . Will grow back , though . Sadness over . 
off to the post office to get my passport renewed , then to get a new BBQ . 
its been a while , but a new note is up , go read ! ( cough < PROPFEMALE > Welch et < PROPMALE > . end cough ) http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-c < PROPMALE > ow/the-interactions-of-the-mind/412713651659 
has not been on the computer all day until now . It feels kinda refreshing . At least , it does until I remember I just spent it all in my basement with Assassin's Creed 2 instead . Life ? What life ? 
is off to walk 20 < PROPMALE > today for the walk for hunger . Feet , meet pain . 
crackaBOOM , its nice to have a thunderstorm finally , after all this just rain we've been having . 
just finished ' salem's Lot , by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . One of the most terrifying books I have ever read . Also one of the best . 
really needs to not be on here right now . Lovely little english paper hold precedence , I'm afraid . That means me . STOP PROCRASTINATING GOSHDARNIT !!! 
As A Midsummer Night's Dream winds it's way to a close , I feel 2 emotions : Sorrow that it's over , and relief that my hand survived the process 
does anyone know the bibliographical information for our literature book ? 
is on this lovely internet contraption for the first time in a while , but An Evening of One Act Plays was worth it , so there . 
House season finale . All I can say is : HOLY CRAP 
figured out the latest way people annoy me on facebook : those really really long group pages that could just as easily be just inside of that group , but instead choose to clog up my news feed with their annoying dribble . Just goes to show a time-honored phrase : Make it idiot-proof , and they'll make a better idiot . 
out shopping for lights . Watch got fixed . Me is happy happy joy joy . Oh and apparently a horrendous speller 
world plodding along , as per usual . Bumps only part of the ride , but frustrating ones . 
yes , its over . No , I dont want your sympathy . The river of life goes on , and if you stick too much in the past , you'll get swept away ... 
aaaaaaand we're off to the races ! Only a bit longer now to the big finish , hope all our racers can stay on track , and keep fighting till the end ! Thats what my teacher would say . I would rather end school now and sleep a bit before I go off to camp and have officially NO FREE TIME this summer . People always say I'm the subtle one . 
hiked a mountain today . For fun . And indeed it was , quite fun indeed . And it wasnt even as tiring as it was some times , I must be getting used to this . Awesome . 
What an interesting an enlightening video , it definitely opened my eyes to the subject . Dont believe me ? watch : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0&feature=fvst 
since about everyone and their respective kitchen sinks are doing this , I thought I'd share in the revelry . Like this status and I may or may not post something nice and stuff to your wall . Who knows ? I might just completely ignore the nice part and throw sarcastic dribble on your walls and watch it slide down and hit the floor with a satisfying squelch . BUT thats for fate ( coin flip ) to decide . 
unlike the rest of creation , not going to relay for life tonight . I am going to the Academy Awards tonight , though , that is some cause for excitement 
11:11 PM . Everyone make a wish and blow out the candles now . NOWAIT . crap . its 11:12 . close enough for government work ? 
and with that , it is compleeete . New note out , hope this isnt too subtle of me . Then again , I was never the subtle one : http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-calow/the-necessity-of-emotion/427222386659 Enjoy 
in celebration of summer , I am now playing an old Yugioh GBA game . YUS . 
isn't it ironic that the last day of school is the summer solstice ? and isn't it hilarious that I'm not around to \enjoy\ " it ? " 
packing for camp , last minute shopping spree , leaving civilization (& Facebook ) in two days . 
For all you cool people who want to write me letters at camp , here is my camp address\ 
< PROPMALE > Calow\ 
bunk 10\ 
Camp Tevya\ 
1 < PROPMALE > rd\ 
Brookline NH\ 
03033 
Ahhhh . Home is where the heart is . Also , the spleen , liver , kidneys , brain , intestines , skeleton , stomach , and a soul . Well , not if you're < PROPFEMALE > , that is 
Fun day today . Hiked a bit , explored a castle , explored an old Gothic cathedral , felt sick to my stomach a few times . And yes , for me , today is over . It is now 8:30 PM . In Wales . Having the time of my life , as soon as I finish Jet lagging , that is . 
Home sweeeeeeeeet home ( again ) . This time for a bit longer . 
wait ...... since when is school in 3 days ? AAAAAAAAAAH 
brb .... speed-reading a book I don't want to read(GE ) . Sorry life , procrastination won this one . Maybe next time . 
Oh dear bloody lord , it is waaaaaaay too hot out . Is it blasphemy to say that I cant wait for that tropical storm to hit us ? Our good < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , bring your friends torrential downpour and holy-crap-I'm being-assaulted-by-water-in-drop-form . 
off to see those lovely cousins o'mine today , and I might just poke Bekah Diamond-Bier a few hundred times to make sure I win that little poke war of ours 
OMG . GOOGLE . LOOK , A BIG DEAL . But seriously , check it out , if 7 other people haven't told you so already . Its SICK 
cause : Rosh Hashana , the Jewish new year . Effects : no homework due today or tomorrow ( you're welcome ) aaaaaand the fact that some of us are not at school right now . Cue the neener neener neener 
just finished playing Assassins Creed 2 for the first time in a while , and I had forgotten how much fun running around a big city , jumping off buildings , and finding random pockets of enemies to ruthlessly slaughter was . Cue evil glee 
new note out , and as per usual structure , I shall post this status so that anyone who sees this will click on the link and go see my latest work . http://www.facebook.com/note.php?saved&&note_id=465371706659#!/notes/nick-calow/the-futility-of-repitition/465371706659 
about halfway through my first viewing of Phantom of the Opera before I had to stop . Few things . 1 . BLOODY creepy performance and 2 . I cant WAIT to see WATA's version of it 
so after 7 hours of straight Halo : Reach playing , I looked at my watch . 9:55 , you say ? oopsie . And since there wasnt exactly any parents home , I didnt wonder for very long why I was suddenly extremely hungry . Riiiigiht , that dinner thing 
Step one : Break fast by eating lots of food . Step two : feel bloated and comatose until you can move again . Oh and theres this homework thing I'm supposed to be doing right now . Thats nice . 
A scary thought has just occurred to me . Am I really the most culturally knowledgeable person on one side of my family ? I barely know these songs , but apparently my darling cousins Bekah Diamond-Bier and < PROPFEMALE > Karah Diamond-Bier know less . And I obviously know < PROPFEMALE > Calow knows less , cause she knows about three songs from this century IN THIS COUNTRY that are popular and would be good to dance to . Dear me . 
for all you sophs out there who have Poisson for chem ( I know you're out there ) what does the project mean when it says experience ? 
WHY is there a small constellation growing ON MY FACE ? gahhhh I hate adolescence 
has been looking through old pictures of me , and wooow , have I changed even in these 2 years . P.S. Check the oldest pictures of me for me with hair down do like my shoulders , if you dont remember it . I might just try that again ... 
Only in my < PROPFEMALE > would the rabbi bring up < PROPMALE > Potter in her sermon on a friday night service . 
as interesting as my life is , ( which it isnt ) I'm having a bit of trouble with lack of good reading material . Any ideas ? 
I like it on my ...... ohwait . But my SISTER , she likes it on the floor right next to her computer 
tly have one of the most confusing pandora playlists ever . Or at least confused , I mean , it goes from U2 to < PROPFIRST > Cash to < PROPFIRST > Mraz to the Fray to Linkin Park to Smash Mouth to < PROPFEMALE > to Maroon 5 to Three Days Grace to AAAAAAAAGH so awesome 
Of all the days to start being irritatingly cold , why did it have to be the night where I am sitting on bleachers at a WA home game ? Weather , curse you . Time to break out the jackets . 
happy < PROPMALE > day everyone . Let's all celebrate by breaking into a neighbor's house and declaring it ours ! 
first time I'm on my computer the whole day . Oh life , why must you be so exciting all at once and THEN go back to being boring ? 
I love my sister so much ! 
So yea . Long day . Phantom's looking really nice though , cant wait to see it in full form . First production November 5th . Downside ? I turn 16 that day , too . 
school , setbuild , homework , pass out . Repeat ad nauseum . Welcome to Tech Week . 
oh shnapp , I almost forgot to make a big deal about the new note that came out of the works . Well , here you go : http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-calow/words-the-units-of-meaning/483383466659 
Remember , Remember , the Fifth of November , the gunpowder Treason and Plot . I know of no Reason why the gunpowder Treason should ever be Forgot . Happy Guy Fawkes Day everyone . 405 years from today . Of course , something ELSE happened 16 years from today , whats that again ? 
thank you for all the birthday wishes , everyone , and to anyone who saw the giant cake after opening night of The Phantom of the Opera , it was hands-down the BEST BIRTHDAY CAKE EVER 
I love my mom ! 
LOOK . SPEC OPS . OVER THERE . Away from me . Shoo . 
Just had toast topped with Dutch chocolate sprinkles . Decadence has never been so good . 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Si Hoc Legere Scis Nimium Eruditionis Habes . 
so apparently while buying a new projector for us downstairs , my father thought it necessary to buy BOTH MW2 and Black Ops . Guess I get to turn into a CoD fan . Who knew ? 
trying my darndest to solve a rubick's cube , help via youtube . Getting there , bit by bit 
facebook will not help me write this essay . Curses . I love procrastination . To pieces . * include aggravated growl for effect * 
the Chrome for a Cause app is useful for a few reasons : One , it helps people , what with Google having some money to burn so what the heck , and Two , for letting me know just how many tabs I use in one day , which is quite a lot , actually 
just finished a hearty meal of Indian food and am about to watch Ponyo in my basement . Yay Judaism :D 
Doctor Who Christmas Special yayyy , after a full day of stuffing myself silly and other such fun 
first driving lesson today . Surprisingly , I didnt crash and burn into a snowbank somewhere . 
just found the Cat in the Hat by Dr. Seuss in my shelf . IN LATIN . Latin moments galore 
No big deal . 4-page paper , due tonight at 12 . READYSTARTGO 
aaaaaaaaaaaaand done , finally essay complete 
Woke up , looked out my window , and I couldnt see a darn thing . I love snow days 
no school , but I already got up , so theres no point in going back to sleep , but what to do ... 
2 hour delay weeeeeeee 
found an old CD version of Risk in my stack of games and decided to play it . Though I should have been studying , the oldie but goodie was just too much fun to put down . There goes a few hours of my life , but I'm not complaining 
midterms are finally over , after how long from start to finish ? all this snow permeating the land is the cause , if only there was a weather machine to make it either colder or warmer , NOT in the snow range . Please . 
Fluorine\ 
Uranium\ 
Carbon\ 
Potassium\ 
Anyone get it ? 
for once , I have the same illness that my darling sister has , and now we're both home on the same day . Weird . Happy love and commercialism day , they make a great combo . 
how do you confuse a blonde ? \ 
\ 
paint yourself green and throw forks at her . 
performed some minor surgery cutting a small gap in my palm to get out three bloody splinters with tweezers . Oh the joys of a wood shop , and everyone's favorite , luan . 
happy pi day 
I all of a sudden have a new phone to play with . If you care enough , inbox me or comment or whatever your number so we can alllllllllllll be connected 
hands up if this history essay might not get turned in till 11:57 or so . Mostly because you'd rather spend time on here decidedly NOT writing it 
festival was very fun , glad we won , and glad we're not going on to New Englands so I can work on the other two shows I'm doing right now :P 
do your ears < PROPFEMALE > low ? Do they wobble to and fro ? can you tie them in a knot ? can you tie them in a bow ? can you throw them o'er your shoulder like a continental soldier ? do your ears < PROPFEMALE > low ? 
I havent even gotten out of my pajamas and its 4:30 . I love vacation 
Westford Academy Theater Arts Presents Blood Wedding is coming up tonight . Come in and see it with your friends , hopefully those friends are older than 15 thoughh , but go do it 
May the Fourth be with you(shamefacedly stolen from the internetz ) 
just saw a super strong rainbow on the way home , and then I saw another one right next to it . Double rainbow O.o 
