getting tired of the bs 

WOW !!!!!!! 
why is it that i always go wrong with whatever i do ! 
WET AND HARD !!!!!! 
in love ? or is it just lust ? IDK , but i am told it's love ! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair 
wondering what my problem is ..... 
omfg , i lost everything , and i gave him my heart , now i will never have it back .... it's not mine to give away anymore ..... oh well , fuck life anyways 
this sucks , im in school in the library with nothing to do ... well , i at least get to see my new bf in a little bit ..... YAY ME !!!!!! 
confusion is all around ! <3 
lol ;) 
There's a point in your life when you get tired of chasing everyone & trying to fix everything BUT IT'S NOT GIVING UP ..... it's realzing that you don't need certain people because of the bulls *** and DRAMA they bring - anonymous 
so true it's crazy 
THIS MUCH PAIN SHOULD BE CONSIDERED INHUMANE AND MADE ILLEGAL 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? \ 
know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in \ 
2010 is a CURE ! ? ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one \ 
hour 
uuurrrggg 
gotta luv the dork .... lolz , guess the datin ' idea didn't work out ..... lol , oh well , i'm single AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!! ha ha 
finally this thing we consider life gives me a < PROPMALE > 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ?! 
sometimes i just wanna die because i'm all depressed and don't feel like i have a reason to live well right now i wanna die just so i can get the fuckin sleep i been tryin to get for a week without retards wakin me up !!!!!!!! 
oh my god why do people insist onfreakin me 0out jeez people 
1st person to like my status - i will give you my number . \ 
2nd person to like my status - can dare me to do something . \ 
3rd person to like my status -i will write i love you on your wall . \ 
4th person to like my status - i will answer any question . \ 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS ...... IF YOUR BRAVE ENOUGH 
ugh jeez why do these people seems to think i'm so damn sexy ? 
why do all these people seem to think i'm so damn sexy ?! someone answer this cause it makes no sense to me !!! 
Mean girls come from New York , Sweet girls come from Texas , and < PROPFEMALE > girls come from California , but we WYOMING GIRLS have fire & ice in our blood ! We can be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a LEFT hook , love UFC , pack heat , < PROPFEMALE > with the boys , bake a cake , love with passion and if we have an opinion-you're going to hear it ! Re-post If you're a WYOMING GIRL 
To everyone that plays pass a joint ... please let me know to those who don't ... if i send a request please block it cause i need to know so i'm not pissin anyone off 
Pregnancy is like finding out your seasick on the first day of a nine-month cruise , with no refunds . But at least you get a cute souvenir ! 
ya know , i love my kid to death , her every movement reminds me of that , but i wanna cry when i find that my largest pants won't fit me anymore ... perfect 6 to won't button 16 ... yea ima bawl now 
