Well this place is old it feels just like a beat up truck I turn the engine , but the engine doesn't turn well it smells of cheap wine & cigarettes this place is always such a mess sometimes I think I'd like to watch it burn 

Is up cooking some killer food , Happy Thanksgiving 
just had two thanksgivings now for the festive drinking before being dragged off for black friday shopping 
Awake on my airplane i feel so real 
Well , whatever you do , however terrible , however hurtful , it all makes sense , doesn't it , in your head . You never meet anybody that thinks they're a bad person . 
Don't you just take the past and put it in a room , in the basement , then lock the door and never go in there ? That's what i do . And then you meet someone special , and all you want to do is toss them the key say , ' Open up , step inside . ' but you can't . because it's dark . and there are demons . and if anybody ever saw how ugly ... if i could take a giant eraser and rub out everything , starting with myself ... 
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground Try this trick and spin it , yeah Your head will collapse But there's nothing in it And you'll ask yourself Where is my mind 
bibamus , moriendum est 
Saw 12 cars in the ditch today this is gonna be an awesome winter 
destruction is a form of creation they wanted to see how it would change , they wanted to watch the world burn 
I've been sitting at a bar on the inside waiting for my ride on the outside 
WE ARE ANONYMOUS WE ARE LEGION WE DO NOT FORGIVE WE DO NOT FORGET EXPECT US 
drinking < PROPFEMALE > ale , eating frosted flakes and watching The Usual Suspects god i love snow 
INVICTUS comes out tommorow , nothing says good movie like rugby and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Is officially labeling today as peppermint beer day 
Oil that tastes like blood stole the summer scent 
WGRD HOLIDAY SHOW TONIGHT !!! 
Wants to buy a bar 
Home Alone for the holidays ! 
WOOOOHHHH 
Is congratulating himself on getting and hour and a half of sleep , thank you insomnia 
Almost hit a deer on 60th , way too much fun 
Just heard the Glass-Steagall Act is coming back , and is still slightly disappointed that we didnt just < PROPFEMALE > the fuckheads who brought us deregulation and derivatives 
Melvin'd 
Kaiser Soze 
is in the mood for whiskey 
To the people depressed with life after seeing Avatar , please commit suicide and help decrease the surplus population so that the starving kids in Africa can eat 
veritas vos liberabit 
Beer , Stand Up , Work , Beer , ... 
MDMA gotcha feelin like a champion 
Three bs booth reviews later the saints win an undeserved game 
Audaces fortuna iuvat 
exitus acta probat 
The fallacy of man is the soul 
in the mood for something crazy this weekend 
Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one . E . B . White 
Thank you insomnia , without you I would never realize how much i love sleep 
in the end theres only grey 
Paul : I dont think I can fit all of these in here 
is getting bored with the whole facade 
is housesittin tommorow through monday 
“Men in general judge more by the sense of sight than by the sense of touch , because everyone can see , but only a few can test by feeling . Everyone sees what you seem to be , few know what you really are , and those few do not dare take a stand against the general opinion . ” 
When is the media going to stop paying attention to retards like < PROPFEMALE > Pailn and < PROPFIRST > Beck 
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo ; I want to overthrow it . 
Of mankind we may say in general they are fickle , hypocritical , and greedy of gain . 
The world has achieved brilliance without wisdom , power without conscience . Our is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants . 
Its officially st. pattys day and i officially have beer in my system 
God of War 3 
A sense of humor ... is needed armor . Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life . 
I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell 
Best Republican Slogan Ever : Keep Your Government Hands Off My Medicare 
Horrorfest 
Nothing like the taste of sweet decline 
the tick tock of the clock is painful , all sane and logical 
Hey Rush , its time to get the fuck out of my country 
looking around and seeing nothing but the pit trap of society , we are born into structure , only free to wander our cage that we built 
Vivere disce , cogita mori 
Going out with the boys to cause a little mayhem , Audaces fortuna iuvat 
Hurray for storms 
New south park tonight 
Iron Chef Fuck Yes 
Is going out , trouble will ensue 
still hasnt slept since thursday night and isnt tired 
Third Eye Blind on the 25th at the Orbit Room , getting tickets let me know if you want to go 
Lets do an experiment : anyone whos thinks im A . crazy B . Genius or C . An Asshole leave a comment 
light me up that cigarette and ill strap shoes on my feet 
Levanta , levanta , tienes que gritar Levanta , levanta , tienes que bailar 
Why is it that dumb people feel the need to have fits about things they dont even bother learning about , its like their fucking five , just go back to playing with your toys and let the grownups do their work 
Aut Vincere Aut Mori 
Well the Tea Party is proving itself to be the stupidest party since the Log Cabin Campaign of 1840 , similarities include party heads who make < PROPFEMALE > Simpson look like Einstein in comparison , people who bemoan being taxed more when they were taxed less and a lot of racists 
Wants to watch the fire burn 
4:20 on 4/20 what are the odds 
then one day I met a man he came to me and said hard work good and hard work fine but first take care of head 
< PROPMALE > Kong Ain't Got Shit On Me 
This place is always such a mess Sometimes I think I'd like to watch it burn 
Will be baked singing along to Jumper this time tommorow 
Third Eye Blind Kicked Ass 
Watching You Dont Know < PROPFIRST > , gotta love HBO 
Is it just me or does beer sound really good right now 
I don't care 
Wants to go the way of old Nietzsche , write some books beyond his tme , have a mental breakdown , die , then have a gay dictator misinterpret those books to commit mass genocide , what fun 
Sincerely believes there should be a national drinking day for each country ( current and former ) of which we can celebrate 
Is getting bored with the same old , time to step it up a notch 
Peace will never be achieved untill every last human has passed 
Aequam memento rebus in arduis servare mentem-Horace 
needs a beer or twelve 
\thats your solution ? Alcohol ? Isn't that only a temporary solution ? \ " \ " It's only temporary if you stop drinking . \"" 
yay drugs 
gets his car back today , carnage will ensue 
picking up cigars and scotch tommorow , then enjoying the deck and the weather 
But I still can't focus on anything 
dont know what it is but something about a nice cigar , a fire , and friends makes for a good night 
Party like tommorow is my funeral , gotta stop mixing alcohol with pharmaceuticals , and the unusual is the fuckin ' usual , man my life is beautiful 
Nooo , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s dead 
NOO , < PROPFIRST > Hopper's dead 
HC , Sprite House , and Beach House , three new drinks we've brought to this planet , what have you done with your summer 
I got my toes in the water , ass in the sand , not a worry in the world , a cold beer in my hand , life is good today 
Well life is too short so love the one you got cause you might get run over or you might get shot 
Call me < PROPFEMALE > Keller cause im a fucking miracle worker 
Is nice and refreshed after four hours of sleep 
\its name is Justin \"" 
Just looking out on the day of another dream 
Wants Coca-Cola Black back now 
New Entourage Tonight !!! 
August 14th Blues Traveler hell ya 
Is getting dragged into the Muskegon Summer Celebration oh boy 
An ominous landscape of never-ending calamity . 
Fucking Drama 
Audere est facere 
\Hey < PROPFIRST > are you healthy ? Well your not going to be after this . \"- I love my job " 
\ I am so clever sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . \"" 
Fool , I'm the kinda g that little homie's wanna be like 
* Stats * 4 pullovers , 8 warnings , 1 time sitting in the back , 0 tickets 
Cant wait for tomorrow 
Roast of < PROPFIRST > Hasslehoff !!! 
but , that's why God invented whiskey and man-sadness . 
wants a root beer slurpee 
was called a giant < PROPMALE > bear today ... 
I say no to drugs , but they don't listen 
So Toad the Wet Sprocket tonight , get jealous 
It appears that my reputation precedes me 
We all die . The goal isn't to live forever , the goal is to create something that will 
The Social Network was awesome couldn't expect anything less from < PROPFIRST > Fincher and < PROPFIRST > Sorkin 
sweet god i love jackass too much 
I don't wanna be a candidate for Vietnam or Watergate cause all I want to do is Bicycle , bicycle , bicycle 
Saw an < PROPMALE > impersonator at Citgo around 1 in the morning ... 
LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this .. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Bow to greatness 
Is stoked for the 18th 
Black Ops 
One more year 
is a pony 
Had Thanksgiving tonight so that the family could leave me to celebrate Thanksgiving in true style , whiskey , movies , and pumpkin pie 
So here's your holiday , hope you enjoy it this time you gave it all away , it was mine so when you're dead and gone Will you remember this night , twenty years now lost . 
So we just got this beautiful 42 inch tv for the living room in our apartment , now for the foosball table and couch 
Can't stop addicted to the shindig 
I will let you down , I will make you hurt 
\What if I had been real KGB ? \ " \ 
conspiracy theory in a nutshell- something doesn't make sense to someone , then spiel about how logically its actually a plan to kill off people and start the New World Order , rinse , repeat 
FREEDOM 
Fuck Patch 1.04 
I like pleasure spiked with pain and music is my aeroplane 
8 hours later and all moved in 
Is so glad he only lives three < PROPMALE > from taco < PROPFEMALE > now 
The Zeppelin poster is now officially < PROPMALE > up with the blacklight 
is probably gay 
condoms are for lewsers , bareback gay sex all day . 
has amazing roommates like < PROPFIRST > Woolworth and < PROPFIRST > Potter and friends like < PROPFIRST > Watt who enjoy updating my status for me 
loves having his butthole ransacked 
Found 15 mystery science theater movies on netflix , ik what im doing for the next 2 days 
I'm just like a little boy playing with his < PROPMALE > when hes nervous 
All I want for xmas is to get blitzed 
Was thinking about how people who live in apartments tell their kids how < PROPFEMALE > gets in bc theres no chimney here so < PROPFEMALE > would have to come in a window or unlock the door to come in either way is kinda creepy 
http://facebook.com/profile.php?=73322363 this persons a complete asshole 
stern yet sensual skipper of the uss rough service 
Great night boys New Year tomorrow So were gonna have a good time 
< PROPMALE > Gervais FTW 
Poppycock 
Fuck you horoscope I want my scorpio status back 
I climbed a mountain and I turned around , and I saw my reflection in the snow covered hills , ’til the landslide brought it down 
SNOWFORT 
dear lord im gay 
My roomates are assholes 
Had the best pizza last night 
Life is too short for regrets 
Damn you Food network for tantalizing me with a new episode of Iron Chef 
Buttsex is a lot like spinach if your forced to have it as a child you wont enjoy it as an adult 
I really liked < PROPFIRST > Lennon's solo project , Wings . 
This bottle of < PROPFIRST>'s awakens ancient feelings . 
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying 
Feels like a nerd because I went to three stores and wasted three hours to find a rerelease of a game I haven't played since I was six 
In case of fire , break the glass and move on into your own 
So you know how people ask other people who would you go gay for , well do gay people ask other gay people who would you go straight for ? 
To the best freestyle rapper period , Biggie RIP 
< PROPFEMALE > my laptop shit itself and died so no more cybersex dates with < PROPMALE > Cusack and < PROPFIRST > R . < PROPMALE > for awhile :( 
pasta primavera sauteed chicken and strawberry rhubarb pie so good 
I say no to drugs but they don't listen 
Step 1 : Get High Step 2 : ???? Step 3 : Listen to music 
Let's play a game 
Pretty Lights playing in GR on 4/20 , I think its fate 
