do ordinary things with extraordinary love 

IF SOMEONE LOVES YOU , LOVE THEM BACK UNCONDITIONALLY 
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly ; what is essential is invisible to the eye . 
the happiest of people dont necessarily have the best of everything , they just make the most of everything they have 
To find someone who will love you for no reason , and to shower that person with reasons , that is the ultimate happiness 
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment 
Love , true love , is that which can give the mostwithout asking or demanding anything in return 
People may doubt what you say , but they will believe what you do 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . 
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it , but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives 
Love cannot endure indifference . It needs to be wanted . Like a lamp , it needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart , or its flame burns low 
It isn't the mountains ahead that wear you out , it's the grain of sand in your shoe . 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved 
I believe in miracles . All I have to do is look at my kids and they remind me 
Making the decision to have a child - it's momentous . It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking outside your body 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be someone's 1st choice , but I am a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I go ! ~ Post if you're proud of being you !!!! 
Do not pray for easy lives . Pray to be stronger ! Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers . Pray for power equal to your tasks 
Being defeated is often a temporary condition . Giving up is what makes it permanent 
If your heart acquires strength , you will be able to remove blemishes from others without thinking evil of them 
By swallowing evil words unsaid , no one has ever harmed their stomach 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know it's me 
baby girl ( Shellena Ballard ) is cooking supper it's gonna be oh so yummy ! 
My mom made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Watched me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... and ..... drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Moms are a promise from GOD that you will have a best friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom . I LOVE AND MISS YOU MAMA .... 
Honesty consists of the unwillingness to lie to others ; maturity , which is equally hard to attain , consists of the unwillingness to lie to oneself 
remember people will judge you by your actions , not your intentions . you may have a heart of gold , but so does a boiled egg . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops . 
