could stand to have a night like that again . 

is heading to Minnesota . 
was reminded why he likes < PROPFEMALE > . 
is chafing . 
feels like he accomplished something today . 
' s phone is out of commission until further notice . Send an email or facebook me if you need to communicate . 
' s phone has somehow repaired itself . 
has a lot on his mind 
wonders what happened to the weekend . 
has joined the < PROPMALE > Army of Champions . 
is watching the best music video ever . 
\day off :\ " two of the sweetest words in the English language . " 
tailgating and nine innings ? Hell yes ! 
is a whirlwind of activity . 
wonders what is going on in South Africa . 
solved the puzzle . 
is singing Italian songs . 
is celebrating the birth of his country by blowing up a small part of it . 
is looking for new music . Any suggestions ? 
\is fun in a curmudgeonly way . \"" 
is unwinding . 
is exhausted . 
might as well get the popcorn ready . 
loves provoking a spi t-t ake . 
needed today . 
is grooving . 
air guitars right-handed for some reason . 
is heading to the Riverside Theater . 
recommends < PROPMALE > Lovett to anybody and everybody . 
has to work on emoting less . 
is hitting the beach . 
is enjoying Los < PROPFEMALE > . 
is having an excellent week . 
is back in Wisconsin . 
is putting his nose back to the grindstone . 
has one week of complete freedom ahead . 
is bored . 
is heading to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > show . 
is off to Omaha in the morning . 
is taking Omaha by storm . 
should probably keep reading his textbook , but ... 
has completed one day of class . 
is glad the weekend is here . 
always enjoys stumbling on an unlocked baseball field . 
is trying out the stove . 
has to study . 
is baffled . 
Damn you , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
can't wait until he's old enough to feel ways about stuff . 
could use more classes like International Relations . 
is cranking out an American Popular Music essay . 
has to plan this weekend out . 
has the place to himself this weekend . 
is job hunting . 
likes wandering around the city . 
is looking forward to the weekend . 
signed up for six clubs . Let's see if any of them stick . 
has a great weekend ahead . 
got at least one vote for Inter-Residence Hall Government . 
is in Milwaukee for a few hours . 
is watching the Packers and evaluating his investment . 
All is right with the world ; the Packers won . 
has had it with doit . 
is all about new experiences . 
needs to take better advantage of Tuesdays and Thursdays . 
has to peruse the interweb for the Packer game this week . 
is cutting loose . 
has the Office to attend to . 
is grooving to the piano in the Harper Center . 
isn't in the mood for homework . 
is finished ! 
is a philosophizer . 
Packer game . 
ugh ... 
is going back to the books . 
is summarizing the hell out of the lives of Masaccio and Alberti . 
enjoyed that immensely . 
w00t for four hours of sleep . 
apparently doesn't live in the reality-based community . 
is rather upbeat . 
has a lot of work to do tonight . 
has a six am flight to catch . 
sprinting through airport terminals should be a varsity sport . 
can't keep his eyes open . 
is bullshitting a philosophy paper . 
is embracing the oldies . 
is tilting at windmills . 
so , so close . No cigar . 
is prepared for the worse . Go Pack . 
< PROPFIRST > Berman just quoted Machiavelli . That's a bit much . 
needs some new curse words . The standards are getting stale . Any suggestions ? 
is starting the day with a little procrastination . 
starving college students agree : animal crackers are delicious . 
has a lot to do and little time to do it . 
is tearing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > a new one . 
is hardly working . 
is frustrated . 
has checked out . 
hippies make good ice cream . 
is home . 
doesn't have to worry about the length of his vowels for a week . 
needed a day like today . 
is back in Omaha . 
needs some mindless fun . 
Dammit . 
is getting his geek on . 
would like to be in Green Bay today . 
is on the edge of his seat . 
way to go , old man . 
is chafing under the weight of responsibility . 
knew those walks would pay off . 
is improvising . 
is percolating . 
is reading about Derrida ... oof . 
ahhh ... weekend : the sweetest word in the English language . 
is deaf in one ear ... good show . 
has a Hot Fuzz jones . 
is obfusticated . 
is reading \Brechtian Hip-Hop : Didactics and Self-Production in Post-Gangsta Political Mixtapes . \ " Academia here I come ! " 
sweet ! 9:30 class is cancelled . 
could use a walk . 
thinks he sent Dr. < PROPMALE > over the edge ... 
is burning the midnight oil with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
is preparing for another three hours of self-flagellation . 
Yes ! 
only on the Venture Bros . do < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the Big Bopper show up as elderly supervillains . 
nothing seems less important than international regimes at the moment . 
10 < PROPFEMALE > paper on press freedom and its relationship to regime theory ... go . 
verbosity blows . 
is going home . 
is thankful for cigars , scotch , and embarrassing home movies . 
is struggling with a final presentation . 
is doing the school thing again . 
all in all , a pretty good day . 
needs new music for the end of the semester . Any suggestions ? 
has low productivity . 
Wow . What a game . 
is getting himself set for the next week and a half . 
Cthulhu and the Venture Bros , together at last . 
Football > homework . 
homework > sleep . 
class is canceled tomorrow . Sweet . 
is watching an incredible concert . 
thanks for the birthday wishes , all . 
Here goes nothing ... 
Epic night . 
final push time . 
finds school boring , and will boycott it until it becomes interesting . 
three down , three to go . 
Needs to focus . 
has weird priorities at 2 am . 
Done ! 
ahhh ... sloth . 
mmm ... fudge . 
recommends \Up in the Air . \"" 
got a tankard for Christmas ... interesting message from the parents . 
and 4:00 am don't get along . 
back to work at the DRL tomorrow . 
was horrified to find himself whistling ABBA while putting away the file of somebody named < PROPMALE > today . 
is off for the rest of the year . 
Had fun flailing through the fog . 
Pfft . 
back to work tomorrow . 
has some resolutions to make good on . 
has lost all street cred . 
is off until Wednesday . 
has one last Christmas to celebrate . 
Crap . Badger basketball anyone ? 
has a lot more stuff this time around . 
is on his way . 
has returned . 
tomorrow the fun begins . 
three day weeks are the hardest ... 
has to decide which team he wants to lose more : the Cowboys or the Vikings ? 
wants to see \Youth in Revolt . \"" 
found a use for his NHS pin . 
TGIW . 
is recharging . 
got a thorough lesson on the Illuminati today . 
awesome night capped by Anchorman . Pretty cool . 
is tracking down scholarly articles . 
is channeling Averett . 
seems to have lost his phone . Facebook or email me for the time being . 
has his phone . Crisis averted . 
has two more hours on the job . 
is all that is man . 
is enjoying the Sandler oeuvre . 
is waxing philosophical . 
is trying a culinary experiment . 
my roommate is singing a Fiddler on the Roof song . Help . 
is examining his priorities . 
just watched the genius ( and pratfalls ) of < PROPMALE > Keaton . 
The badger will prove to be the superior weasel today . 
is playing the wikipedia game . 
is doing what he should have done the rest of the weekend . 
is pulling for the Saints . 
Rush continues to surprise . 
Zeppelin makes good laundry music . 
could use a weekend right about now . 
can practically taste the weekend . 
feels sorry for the students who will be served \breaded meat\ " this month . " 
has a lot to do . 
is coming on down . 
and now ... back to work . 
damn you , dissatisfied nonvoters . You know who you are . 
has a long overdue nap scheduled . 
today just got a whole lot better . 
was asked if he was a Mormon today . 
doesn't get subjective scoring , but the snowboarding event was impressive . 
what's more tired than a dog ? 
is trying to get homework done . 
is making his ipod a graphing calculator . 
is running on fumes . 
spent last night in high school discussing Great Expectations . 
one midterm down ... spring break is that much closer . 
wishes he had watched C-SPAN today . 
is on a < PROPMALE > & Garfunkel kick . 
intermediate push time . 
is watching ' Murrica vs . Canucks . 
Wow , that escalated quickly . 
lousy Smarch weather . 
four more days , three more tests . Vamanos . 
hmm ... Helsinki in the summer ? 
has an < PROPMALE > history test to study for . 
met a three-star general today . 
is celebrating spring break in his own inimitable way . 
is enjoying < PROPFEMALE > immensely . 
tires spitting gravel/ I commit my weekly crime ... 
what the hell is happening in Indianapolis ? 
Guh . 
has finally encountered a time when he wishes he knew the Edgewood fight song . Go Crusaders ! 
< PROPMALE > and Garfunkel , May 9th . Awesome . 
Back to the same old , same old ... 
is having a philosophical discussion with his roommate . 
is celebrating Pi Day belatedly . 
is doing the intramural soccer thing . 
just remembered that he sucks at soccer . Fun , though . 
hey Insomnia , how's it going ? 
will be at work during the Badger game tomorrow , so he'll have to make do with the Marquette game tonight . 
has a few papers to construct . 
ah , < PROPFIRST > Marx ... we meet again ... 
should go to the < PROPFEMALE > more often . 
this weekend turned out well . 
is taking the long view . 
55-60% opposition ain't gonna cut it . 
Dude ... bad idea . 
will almost certainly be in Wisconsin this summer . 
' s sleep schedule is out of whack . 
Praise Xenu , it's the weekend ! 
is being productive . 
may be forced to purchase a Blu-Ray player . 
is researching the LSAT 
mmm ... stir-fry : totally worth the second-degree burn . 
has The Clash stuck in his head . 
is meeting the Big Kahuna Friday . 
this is shaping up to be a great weekend . 
has a can opener . Please go on as if nothing is amiss . 
Opening Day ! 
one way or the other , this is over in a month . 
is learning the wrong lesson : working late into the night on an essay apparently paid off . 
is reading a book on < PROPFEMALE > ( cue American Pie ) . 
is awake for some reason . 
has a long night ahead . 
TGIF 
is pretty happy with his classes next semester . 
is trying to figure out why Omaha's Fox affiliate would think people here would rather watch Yankees-Rays over Cardinals-Brewers . 
Totes Magotes 
this summer is going to be epic . 
has no energy . 
is looking for new music . Suggestions are welcome . 
first serious taste of baseball this year . 
is a rock . 
deviations from routine : always fun . 
\Baroque Obscenity\ " would be a good name for a band . " 
is playing catch-up . 
Went to the wrong library but picked up four new Beatles albums in the process . 
is watching Bono sing \I am the Walrus . \"" 
what happened to the weekend ? 
is running out of gas . 
Skynyrd rules . 
Is thinking too much . 
Crunch time . 
the lightbulb just went on . 
two more weeks to go . 
ahhh ... stress relief . 
Welcome to college , Mr. Kachelski 
Marathon night to start a marathon week . 
things look so much better on this side . Plus I'm back in Wisconsin in a week . 
is writing a paper/reliving his childhood . 
may take < PROPMALE > for 591 . Isn't that the punishment in the seventh circle of Hell ? 
believes a fist-pump is in order . 
motivation is elusive . 
needs to maintain focus for another day . 
is registering for the LSAT . 
well , it's over . Results remained to be seen . 
< PROPFIRST > Gerut just hit for the cycle . < PROPFIRST > Gerut ! 
gah 
has to ready himself for his interview . 
today reenforced the impression that this is where I belong . 
is looking for a good writing sample . 
Eureka . 
is filling out applications . 
is revising his summer plans . 
it's < PROPFEMALE > vu all over again . I'll probably be watching my grandmother this summer . 
pretty good day . 
is hanging out with the kid brother . 
that Culver's run was long overdue . 
is carless for the time being . 
should < PROPFEMALE > out downtown more often . 
is in a glass case of emotion . 
is heading to his brothers graduation . Congrats , < PROPMALE > . 
is in a < PROPMALE > Lovett sort of mood . 
cool day . 
first day on the job tomorrow . 
the new pretzel M&Ms are excellent . 
spent this afternoon soliciting applications and filling them out . Hopefully something pans out . 
probably will be making a trip to Italy next summer . 
is parsing . 
is doing the family thing this weekend . 
should probably start studying . 
the complete humor potential of \charcoal spreadin ' stick\ " must be explored . " 
believes a huzzah is in order . 
is fighting insomnia . 
is concerned . 
ah , hell . 
what a life I lead in the summer . 
LSAT time . 
those games were no fun . 
the proof is in the pudding . 
Juanes increases productivity . 
Excellent night . 
Begin the day with a friendly voice , \ 
\ 
A companion unobtrusive\ 
Plays the song that's so elusive\ 
And the magic music makes your morning mood . \ 
Off on your way , hit the open road , \ 
There is magic at your fingers\ 
For the Spirit ever lingers , \ 
Undemanding contact in your happy solitude . 
has a new phone . 
is a process person . 
sashimi is delicious . 
Patton Oswalt is coming to town on July 10 . Anybody want to catch the show ? 
is heading to Omaha first thing in the morning . 
went through the mother of all thunderstorms , but he is here . 
enjoys all the meats of our cultural stew . 
hit the bar with the roommate . 
note to self : stop singing the song you were listening to in the car before you exit the car . 
Next stop : UW Law School . 
spent the night hobnobbing with Wisconsin's next governor . 
The hook brings you back . 
Summerfest time . 
awesome show , as always . 
is looking forward to this week . 
\What are you basing that on ? \"" 
has tickets to see Patton Oswalt . 
Oswalt was quite droll this evening . 
has a song stuck in his head . 
is making a course correction . 
was a little weirded out today . The middle-aged woman in the car behind him was clearly singing the same song he was . 
is heading to Beaver Dam . 
is watching Yoshimi battle the Pink Robots . 
is heading to Philadelphia tomorrow . 
is off to Milwaukee for his flight . Hopefully < PROPFIRST > Airport isn't flooded anymore . 
is heading out . 
is looking forward to tomorrow . 
life is good . 
Gettysburg yesterday , Independence Hall today . 
“Do you want me to send you back to where you were - unemployed in Greenland ?! ” 
split a few pitchers with the old man at Philadelphia's oldest bar . 
is hitting the beach tomorrow . 
so < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Favre is supposedly retiring . I'll believe it when he isn't on the field when the season starts . 
RIP Grandpa . 
has ordered his textbooks . 
Should start packing . 
Ahhh ... Packer's football : How I've missed you . 
just had his mind blown by Inception . 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s for the last time in awhile . 
So long , Wisconsin . It's been fun . 
has some work to do . 
its good to be back . 
is sore . 
Senior year ... go . 
Brats , beer , and s'mores . A good combination . 
Do I dare \ 
Disturb the universe ? \ 
In a minute there is time\ 
For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse . 
knows it's only the preseason , but watching the Packers win , and win big , is always a pleasure . 
has free music downloads from Amazon . Suggestions ? 
has homework to look forward to . 
has a veritable shitton of work to do this weekend . 
what do the oranges mean ? 
it's cool when things click . 
who says \shant\ " anymore ? " 
law school feels very real right now . 
is reviewing literature . 
might have hit pay dirt . 
Packer season starts at 3:30 . Venture Bros starts at 10:30 . Nothing else matters . 
< PROPMALE > Jennings and < PROPFIRST > Driver : Like Mozart and Butch < PROPFEMALE > . 
That was too close . 
: looks like he picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue . 
just received an impromptu linguistics lesson . 
is traveling to scenic Cedar Rapids in the morning . 
saw UD get thrashed , but the trip was worth it . 
it's time to write a cover letter . 
was surprised to hear Jethro Tull on the radio . 
is marinating . 
law school applications ... 
Curse you , data lab ! 
the < PROPFIRST > Zombo < PROPFEMALE > has begun . 
the events of this evening defy description . 
has a critique to write . 
STRATCOM ? 
Unforgiven : Good film . 
was right for once ! 
has much work to do . 
has completed one < PROPMALE > hurdle . 
Yikes 
has big plans for this week . 
appears clean-cut and respectable . 
Data and Methods ... 
: now with 60% less irony and poetic angst free ! 
The Packers are either underachievers or aren't that good . Which is it gonna be ? 
is looking forward to next week . 
is installing Stata . The misadventures of PLS 591 are only beginning . 
has an unacceptably high F-score . 
midterms : this too shall pass . 
Comeuppance . 
is heading home . 
Beck and Radiohead back-to-back on the drive home ? Nice . 
w00t ! Great way to cap Fall Break ! 
owns fingerless gloves . 
My personal statement :\ 
Please let me attend your law school . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Kachelski 
feels a little bad for < PROPMALE > Meek . 
is grateful for the extra hour . 
took names shortly after kicking ass . 
A Clockwork Orange or < PROPMALE > X : Which should I write about first ? 
Poli-sci students . We all like looking at tables . 
there is a recording of me calling < PROPFIRST > Dworkin a dumbass floating around the internet . Nice . 
Is in transit . 
is home for the weekend . 
just got thrown a knee-buckling curveball . 
has never before needed to consider what sort of pokemon exemplifies him . Ideas ? 
Blasting \The Rover\ " seems to be in order . " 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes ! 
has work to do . 
Fun fact : The Fine Young Cannibals make for good snowstorm-driving music . 
Four down , One to go ... 
Ugh ... 
: melting faces since December 22 , 2010 
Has experienced a paradigm shift . And absinthe . 
is listening in on a heated D&D session . 
Guitar is difficult , but rewarding . 
can gripe with the best of them . 
Is back in Omaha . 
is actually looking forward to a return to the routine . 
Tramon < PROPMALE > , FTW ! 
Packers-Bears : It gon ' be zoppity . 
has informed Creighton he is graduating . 
The five seconds tonight where my roommate drunkenly makes a baffling sexual innuendo and I soberly look on dumbfounded pretty well encapsulates our college experience . 
Is quite pleased . 
Some things are heavy , but they ain't worth the weight . 
has procured foodlike substances . 
likes the Packers a little more than most , but I am astonished that people are hanging outside ESPN's temporary headquarters in Fort Worth the MONDAY before the Super Bowl . 
is wiped out . 
is going to be productive tonight . 
Nice phantom facemask call . 
is in a glass case of emotion ! 
YES ! 
AWESOME ! I've just been accepted to UW Law School ! 
Exuberance ? Perhaps . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Stedman for the incredible surprise ! 
Here we come to a turning of the season 
Off on your way , hit the open road\ 
Undemanding contact in your happy solitude 
had a slapstick moment today . 
is doing the Civil Liberties thing . 
one week until Spring Break . 
Marquette made me an interesting offer ... 
: one test to go and he's free until the 14th . 
Iowa awaits . 
Simplify , simplify . 
will get a taste of law school this week . 
is humming \Varsity . \"" 
On , Wisconsin . 
It's official : Madison-bound . 
is playing politics . 
The age-old question : bluebook or greenbook ? 
hrmm 
what's a good place for fish in Omaha ? 
Carpe diem . 
is getting serious . 
Wisconsin basketball : Surprising . 
Plus ça change , plus c'est la même chose . 
is boosting his productivity . 
is a little disappointed he won't be able to take some of the classes offered next semester . Oh well , on to bigger and better things . 
Put me in , < PROPMALE > . I can't do any worse . 
is mulling . 
Karaoke night : \Livin ' on a Prayer\ " is not meant for the faint of heart . " 
Four-day weekend coming up ! 
Wall to wall meeings . 
Opening Day : the choking begins . 
What have I done to deserve this flat , flavorless Manhattan ? 
These past four years have gone by quickly . 
