No matter what her other virtues ..... a generous nature , beauty , intelligence , culinery expertise , an excellent wife n mother nothing makes a woman more extraordinary than her FAITH !!!! 

Your faith or lack of it will affect many generations 2 come . Don't let your anger with people of God keep you from raising children of God ............ John MacArthur 
Know that at sometime or another EVERYONE that you love in your life will hurt you , YOU decide who is worth the pain ........... 
Faith is not believing that GOD can . Faith is knowing that GOD WILL !!!!!!!!!!! 
LET GO AND LET GOD ............. 
Sometimes the very thing that we are looking for is staring us right in the face . Yet it isnt until that we lose it that we truly understand the value of something that was once worthless to us !!!!! 
A woman's heart should be so lost in GOD that a man needs to seek HIM in order to find HER !!!! 
There are some people who think that if they put up enough walls then they will b safe , the irony is instead of locking others out u actually lock yourself in . U may avoid a few things that make life difficult , but in the end u also miss out on the wonderful things that make life worth living !!!! B Blessed ! 
LOVE , in all its fragile forms is the one most powerful , enduring force that brings real meaning to our everyday lives ... so LOVE like you've never been hurt . TRY , although the odds say you're gonna fail . TRUST , like you've never had doubts . BELIEVE , because God is able to do exceedingly abunduntly more than we could ever think or ask ..... 
No matter what answers u have 4 lifes questions what really counts is that u break through the fears and doubts that hold u back and take ACTION do something u never thought u'd do .... live in the moment ... follow yr OWN road where ever it may lead U . B blessed !!!! 
We r all born with potential greatness and blessed with numerous opportunities 2 soar 2 new heights , but many of us are too lazy or 2 concerned with what others think or just too afraid of change 2 ever stretch our wings ... So do whatever makes U happy and do it as best as U can ...... B encouraged !!!! 
Dont stress over whether or not u r doing the right thing .. you'll always know the answer in your heart , so rather than be discouraged remember that rejection and resistance are almost guaranteed when yr doing something important , when U set out to live your dreams many people ( including those who love u the most , n those who got yr back)will try 2 hold U back !!!! B blessd !!! 
Do something U never thought u'd do ... live in the moment and follow ONLY your own road where ever it may lead U , your life's journey isn't a race or a competition . Embrace the unpredictable and explore for things that inspire U , take time to enjoy the view and above all b at peace with yourself . U r God's special creation !!! B encouraged !!!! 
Place your hand over your chest and feel yr heartbeat . That is actually yr life clock ticking , one day it WILL stop ... so u can't afford to waste one single precious second . Go go after yr dreams with enegy and passion and live each day like it was yr last because one day it will be , so love like u've never been hurt , fly like u have wings , laugh until u cry and dare to dream ....... B encouraged !!!!! 
We all have filters on , so mostly we see only what we want to ... There r many folks who r certain that the world is an extremely hostile place no matter what u show or tell them .. they stand ready to defend themselves from a million dangers everyday until eventually they become as hard , ugly , and cruel as the world they have imagined ......... 
Don't waste the present worrying about the future it will come soon enough ... in the mean time keep yr < PROPFEMALE > up , put on yr walking shoes and follow yr heart to the ends of the earth .... as U make this journey , remember always that each day is a precious gift ... enjoy it and make the most of it ... then believe it or not there is another gift that awaits u ..... TOMORROW ...... 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never falling ...... but in RISING UP EVERY TIME WE FALL ...... 
He holds the key to my heart .... he's the one that truly encourages me to be my best , he brings me joy and happiness , his smile lights up the room , his eyes glisten with joy , he is the calm in the storm and my everything ... everyday I thank God for blessing me with my baby boy !!! Love ya Zion will c u soon !!! 
Love , in all its fragile forms , is the one powerful , enduring force that brings real meaning to our lives . Not passionate , romantic love ... The love I mean is the fire that burns inside of us , the inner warmth that prevents our soul from freezing in the winters of despair .... It's the love of life itself its knowing that through all your failures or fears that God is still able !!!! 
Following your own path is incredibly rewarding , but definately not easy , like everyone else , u will have some days that r better than others and some days that seem like a total disaster , but whatever happens just < PROPFEMALE > ON ! Follow yr dreams at least u will exhaust yourself doing what u love most !! It transforms everything about you from ordinary to EXTRAORDINARY !!!! 
I AM BECAUSE HE LIVES !!!!!!!! 
We share a bond that is greater than friendship or love ................ 
So I crashed down and I tumbled but did not crumble I got through all the pain , survived my darkest hour my faith kept me alive picked myself back up hold my head up high ...... I WAS NOT BUILT TO BREAK .... I HAD TO LEARN MY OWN STRENGHT ........ Whitney < PROPMALE > . 
They whispered , conspired , they told their lies ... God favors me .. attacked my character , my integrity , my faith in God .. He favors me .. will not fall , will not bend , wont compromise God favors me ... I speak life and prosperity and I speak health God favors ME !!!!!! 
We have had our trials and tribulations , we've had some days when we knew out WAS the only option , we have cried many tears , laughed , hurt , been angry and at the point of no return ... but when i look at you , when I reach over and touch you , when I hear you laugh and when I look over and see our baby boy I thank God that I stood when everything in me told me 2 go ....... 
My baby was up this morning fully dressed and ready for school at 1am ..... lol lets see how long this EXCITEMENT lasts ! 
Dedicate your children to the Lord from the womb and walk alongside them in FAITH ... never give up on them even when they make poor choices .... be assured that even when you cannot walk alongside them anymore the LORD will be there creating for them new paths of hope .... 
So Zion says mom is dad gone yet ? I'm like no he's still here ... he says ok 2 minutes later is he gone yet I'm like yea baby daddys gone ... he's like yeah I've been waiting all day to sleep on his side of the bed !!!!! And I thought I was about to lay out .... lol kids gotta love them ..... Travelling mercy may God guide and bring u all back safely !!!!! 
Love at first sight ? Definately the first time I laid eyes on you I knew without a shadow of a doubt that u were mine ..... love ya Zion . 
Missing my guys :-( 
Aint there something I can give you in exchange for everything you give to me ? 
After all these years and everything we've been through would u do it again ? he asked I'd still say yes to you again my darling for you I'd do it over and over again(KLYMAXX)the group for all u nasty minds out there ..... Happy Anniversary baby !!!!! 
The race is not given to the swift or to the strong but to those who can push past the pain , the disappointments , the anger , the envy , the hurt , the past and endure until the end ...... Soooo continue to press towards the < PROPFIRST > of the most high call .... B blessed !!!! 
You promised me you'd never leave , you promised me never forsaken I believe goodness and mercy will follow me surrounding me where I go ... everywhere that I go . ( ISRAEL ) 
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you .... Maya Angelou 
Storms come into your life and cause chaos ! The strong winds make you wonder how much longer can you hold on , the destruction makes you wonder God how much more can I bear ? How much more can I lose ? B encouraged and know that no matter how long YOUR storm wages on IT STILL CANT LAST !!!!!!!! 
GOD GIVE ME THE STRENGTH TO STAND FIRM ALTHOUGH ALL THESE OBSTACLES ARE IN MY WAY ....................... 
There are two days in life that you cant worry about yesterday and tomorrow ..... You can't change what happened yesterday for it is already gone , you cant worry about tomorrow because tomorrow is not promised . Today is a gift , it is precious and priceless !!!! Live it like it is your last because one day it will be ...... B blessed 
Wondering y i did not die I'll b happy 2 tell ya y . God favors me . no longer will i cry when fake folks say goodbye . God favors me . someday the well ran dry still i have just 1 reply . God favors me . Enemies tried 2 cut me down 2 size my God said again I rise . God favors me ! 
Because you complete me ...... because I could never imagine my life without you in it ...... because your smiles have been permanently engraved in my heart ..... because our hearts beat in unison ....... because we share a bond that can never be broken ...... thats why I love you both < PROPFIRST > and Zion . 
Your past is part of who you are , yet it doesn't determine or define who you will be ... Forgive yourself ..... knowing that we have all stumbled and fallen ... move forward knowing that a rough draft is the begining of a beautiful MASTERPIECE !!!!! 
YOU are BEAUTIFUL , there is no word strong enough to describe what I feel for you , it cannot be written , drawn or expressed . I love the sound of your voice , the joy in your laugh , my heart still melts when you say mom hey mom .. words will never express how I felt the first day I laid eyes on you . YOU were beautiful !! HAPPY 9th BIRTHDAY ZION you are the joy of my life . 
I walk into a room just as cool as u please , and to a man the fellows stand or fall down on their knees . Then they swarm around me , a hive of < PROPFEMALE > bees . I say , Its the fire in my eyes , and the flash of my teeth , the swing in my waist and the joy in my feet . I'm a WOMAN . Phenomenally , PHENOMENAL WOMAN . Yeah thats ME !!!!! 
You may shoot me with your words . You may cut me with your eyes , you may kill me with your hatefulness . But still like air , I'll RISE ! Does my sexiness upset you ? Does it come as a surprise , that I dance like I've got diamonds at the meeting of my thighs ? Out of the huts of history's shame . I RISE ! Up from a past thats rooted in pain . I RISE ! I RISE !! < PROPFEMALE > Angelou ... 
I believe that my husband has got to be the absolute best ..... no matter what we've been through I wouldn't trade him for anything in this world !!!!! Love ya boo .... 
God has not promised me sunshine , that's not the way its going to be , but a little rain ... mixed with Gods own sunshine a little pain ... makes me appreciate the good times when they come . Be grateful cause right now there is someone worse off than u , who wishes if they could be in your shoes .. BE GRATEFUL .... Walter Hawkins 
The Lord is .......... my strength , my provider , my way out of no way maker , my calm in the midst of the storm , my help , my peace , my doctor when im in my bed of afflicition , my < PROPFEMALE > in the valley , my joy , my everything .... what is the Lord to you ? 
Your words and actions could alter the course of someone else's life ..... be careful what u run to repeat check your source .... if that source is you then check yourself .... NOW , go run and tell that !!!!!! 
I have come to realize that I am the inspiration for my haters .... so I will continue to be what u wish you were ( ME ) and continue to do what I do best inspire YOU !!!!!! 
Twenty years ago I met the most amazing man ... we laugh now cause we've known sadness , we hold our heads high cause we've been down , we appreciate life cause we know death , we love , because we know pain .... we celebrate because today is your birthday !!!!!!!!! love ya baby happy birthday !! lol remember no matter how old u say I am U will ALWAYS b older SIR < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
This is the day that the Lord has made ... I will rejoice and be glad in it .... 
With temptation comes choices .... with choices comes responsibility ..... 
Our greatest weakness is the lack of FAITH in OURSELVES !!! 
THIS TOO SHALL PASS .... life is too short to hold on to hurt and pain and past mistakes , while you're going through your storm it never looks like there is any relief in sight but with all storms , no matter the destruction it causes and the devastation that it leaves behind .... it too shall pass !!!! 
Love and forgiveness cannot be seperated .... you are not weak because you forgive you forgive because u r strong and know we r all human and we make mistakes so ..... to truly LOVE you have to forgive , to truly FORGIVE you have to love ..... Happy Valentines Day !!!! 
Never UNDERESTIMATE the POWER of PRAYER !!!!! prayer changes things ........ 
A successful relationship isnt one without conflict , it is one without blame .............. 
Love is patient , love is kind , love does not envy , it keeps no record of wrongs ..... love protects , comforts , perserves , love never dies ....... 
Why try to blend in with others ?? You were created to STAND OUT !!!!!! 
You will never possess what you are unwilling to pursue ..... if its worth having then its worth the work that it will take to keep it ........ 
When you feel like you can no longer stand .... KNEEL ...... 
You cannot appreciate the light if you have not known darkness .... you cannot understand love if you have not experienced pain .... you cannot < PROPFEMALE > at the sunlight unless you've been through the rain .............. 
You cannot conquer that which you are afraid to confront !!!! 
There is always beauty and hope in even the most awful circumstances ...... 
STRENGTH IS BORN FROM THE COURAGE TO DO WHAT HAS TO BE DONE NO MATTER HOW PAINFUL IT MAY BE !!!! 
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears ...... Cherokee proverb 
GREATNESS is not acheived by never falling , but by RISING EVERY TIME WE FALL .... 
Many years ago I met the most amazing man and although he wasnt my biological father he never treated me like anything other than his daughter .... because of that I will always be grateful ..... although he has now gone on to glory .... still we celebrate his day !!!! LOVE YOU DAD RIP !!!!! 
WORDS LEFT UNSPOKEN OFTEN SPEAK THE LOUDEST !!!!! 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up .... The most certain way to succeed is to always try ONE LAST TIME ................... 
MY BED IS CALLING ....... GOODNIGHT FB .... 
Dance like no one's watching ..... laugh like its the funniest thing you've ever heard .... love like you've never been hurt ... live each day like it was your last ....... 
WE WERE CREATED TO SUCCEED ....... NOT FAIL !!!!! 
I LOVE ME !!!!!! 
Out of the fullness of the heart .... The mouth speaks ....... 
The moment our eyes met ...... I knew 
THE MOST UNFORTUNATE THING ABOUT A WOMAN'S WORTH IS THAT MANY TIMES SHE HERSELF DOES NOT KNOW WHAT SHE IS WORTH !!!! 
Wasn't it just yesterday , the very first time when you whispered my name .... I saw the light in your eyes and I knew deep inside we'd b sooo much more than friends ..... 
