Blah 

Bored ... Off Work Tomorrow Though 
Just got done working out ... now I get to relax ! 
Car is sick .... Hopefully it will feel better soon and not cost alot 
Who's playing farmville , I need more neighbors ! 
Going home to go to sleep . Long day at work . House is coming along well , a few things need to be fixed but its not done yet . So hopefully I won't have to yell when it is done . 22 days left . 
Just confirmed my closing date on my house . Septemeber 30 at 11 A.M. 
is everyone sick ! I hope you all feel better ! 
21 More Days . Hopefully the house will be done buy then . 
Wake < PROPMALE > Won ! 24-17 
I Need Farmville Neighbors . Won't You Be My Neighbor ? LOL 
8 Days Until We Close On Our House . 
Gone to clean the car and my dress shirt , then to get an oil change . Leaving for NY in the morning . Then closing on the house next week . 
Had fun at the wedding . Long drive back in the morning . 3 days until close on the house . 
Moved In To New House . So Happy ! 
First Night Was Great . Slept Well . 
Sitting at home . bored . 
Watching The Fast And The Furious On FX ! 
Fair Tonight With Friends ! =] 
Saw a Huge Horse At The Fair , 18.1 hands and 2100 pounds 
Work At 4 ... :( No More Vacations 
Let Go Yankees ! 
Yankee Game Tonight ! 7:30 PM 
SUCH A BAD NIGHT TO BE A YANKEE FAN . COME ON DO SOMETHING ! 
LET'S GO YANKEES !!! 
Come On Yankees ! 
Bed ... Have to wake up at 7 ... Woo Hoo ! 
Not feeling good . I Think Im Getting Sick , I Need To Feel Better ! 
Lets Go Yankees !!! Just A Few More Outs ! 
Bed Then Work In The Morning ! Night ! 
Long Day At Work ... Now Time to relax and Then Work At 9AM Tomorrow ! Yay Not ! 
What's on your mind ? THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter Key then left click and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of it is to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! if you do it right put this as your status if it works . 
Going To Go Work ! Be Back Later ! 
Going To Sleep Soon ! Work Is Going To Be Awesome At 4:30 AM 
Wake < PROPMALE > Offs Number 16 Gonzaga ! Wake < PROPMALE > 77 Gonzaga 75 
110 dollars out the door just locked myself out of the house .... :( 
This is what I wanted for christmas ! Alot of snow ! 
Just Got Home From Dinner ! Wow Too Much Wine ! Work At 9AM 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hope You All Get Everything You Want ! 
Good Night Everyone ! 
Who forgot to pay the heating < PROPMALE > outside ? 
Can you believe that Subway is worsse for you than McDonald's .... 
So My Blackberry got washed today . No Phone :( If you need me call < PROPFEMALE > 
First day with my new Iphone 3GS , I like it alot so far . But I hate that my Blackberry had to be washed and I lost all my < PROPFIRST > . R.I.P Blackberry Curve 
Long Day ! Tired And Hungry . What to make for dinner ... 
Don't take life too seriously . You'll never escape it alive anyway ! 
Do not follow where the path may lead . Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . 
going to go workout then to pick up < PROPFEMALE > 
P90X just kicked my ass wow Im going to be sore in the morning ! 
Thank You Everyone For The Happy Birthday Wishes Yesterday ! 
done with P90X for the day work at 1 
Good Morning Everyone 
Worked on two decks today , beautiful day to be outside though couldn't ask for more ! Sitting here waiting on < PROPFEMALE > the home for P90X then to relax . 
Long day on a deck in the sun ... Not laying on it ... Staining it ! Out with my baby and friends woo hoo 
Home at last ... Hitting the bed have to clean a deck in the morning then work in the afternoon . What good day it's going to be ! 
Sniffle sniffle cough cough 
Painting the wall the color ... Iced Tea 
Had lots of fun tonight ! 
Long night laying in bed trying figure the fence out work in the AM 
:( 
Look there is a pizza place right across the street ! 
Long day , getting really excited about the golf tournament tomorrow ! 
Gave Tiger a \high five\ " at the tournament today . Too bad he did horrible maybe next time . " 
Sitting on a deck in < PROPMALE > , It's hot today ! 
I watched you change ... 
I have decided to not use BP gas until they fix the problem in the Gulf , No BP gas in my gas tank ! 
The game of things is a great but bad game 
Rain Rain Go Away So I Can Make Some Money Today ! 
I saw \The Karate Kid\ " tonight ( Special Screening ) . It was awesome ! I would recommend anyone to go see it when it opens next week . " 
BBQ chicken on the grill was awesome ... 
Job Interview tomorrow ! 
I start this Sunday ! 
My first as an employee at Golf USA 
My First Day Was Great ! 
did you hear they closed the oil leak in the gulf ? yeh , I heard they put a wedding rin on it and it just stop putting out ! 
Home from a long day at work time to relax until the morning 
Laying in bed ... Tired and don't feel good . 
Sitting on a hot deck in Moorsville 
I look into their eyes , shake their hand , < PROPFIRST > their back , and wish them luck , but I am thinking , ‘I am going to bury you . ’ 
I look into their eyes , take off your hat , shake their hand , and wish them luck , but you know that you are sitting here thinking , \I am going to bury you . \"" 
Good Night at the driving range . Practice makes almost perfect right ? Going to bed with my baby . 
Long day ... On my way home . 
Too early ! 
Tosh . O was great tonight always a good laugh ! 
It's So Fluffy ! 
Can't get enough of the big bang theory ! 
Played golf at the pits in pinehurst today , golf game is coming back to me buy all in all played very well . 
The way to happiness - Believe in yourself , Love others , Reach for your dreams , always think positively & keep your head high 
just got done working out , shower then bed . 
Conquer your fear and your weakness ... Reclaim your courage and your strength . 
Look what I can do ! haha 
Isn't it funny how they say \life is like a box of chocolates\ " ? Well in \ 
Has anyone seen the new season to American Choppers ? 
Whats up ? 
Never Ending Pasta Bowls at < PROPFEMALE > Garden are awesome 
Arjun Atwal is the new Wyndaham Champion at 20 under par 
Please tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes 
Phrase of the day : Rolling Dude Heavy ! 
Ok\ 
time for me to have some fun with this question game !! send me a \ 
question in my inbox and I'll answer it on my status ..... anonymously \ 
and honestly 
Wish my head would stop aching :( 
There's a fine line between wrong and visionary . Unfortunately , you have to be a visionary to see it . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > ... if only I could control everyone the way I control you ... HOP ! YOU LITTLE PLUMBER ! HOP ! HOP ! HOP ! 
If ifs and buts were candies and nuts , we would all have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
that's no reason to cry . One cries because one is sad . For example , I cry because others are stupid , and it makes me sad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
enjoying a nice full beer . 
Next three days off Woo Hoo ! 
Tonight at 10 on History Channel , The starts a new season of \TOP SHOT\ " and my cousin < PROPFIRST > Tilley will be on it ! " 
Happy birthday to me ! Haha 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes 
Change your profile picture and post a picture of your favorite pet or animal ..... the idea is not see human images on Facebook until February 28th to work with the campaign against animal abuse . Copy and paste this ! 
worked in the yard today , planted some flowers and put mulch down . man ... I'm tired 
Life has handed me a fare share of lemons . I have decided to make grape juice with them , then stand back and watch everyone wonder how the hell I did it .. 
I'm bored . Time to throw couch cushions on the floor and pretend they are the only thing that will keep me from touching the lava . 
One way to stay sane : sit in parked a car with sunglasses on and point a hairdryer at passing cars and see if they slow down . 
