Crazy week !!! I really need some sleep ! Haha but its going to have to wait have a new years < PROPFEMALE > party with my best friends tonight !!! :) 

Happy New Years ! Back to reality tomorrow ! 
Supossed to be doing homework ... like thats going to really happen 
Off to church ! 
My sister is nuts !!!! Haha I love you girl !!! :) 
Studing for finals , fun fun !!! :/ 
O Ya !!! Look what we did ! 
Last day of freshmen year !!!! :) 
First day of summer !! :) 
Well thats one thing I am never doing again ! 
My day was ... interesting 
< PROPFEMALE > 2 !!!! Hahaha 
Just got back from open mic night ! :) 
Hanging with Kels 
Getting ready for bed , cause I have to be at the high school at 10 tomorow morning . Watched transforms today , that was an amazing movie ! 
just found out that my grandfather had a serious fall , which caused him to have a strock , leading to a coma , and now there pulling the plug ! :'( 
Just watched ink heart , it is a very interesting movie ! 
Cheer !!! :) 
Had a really wierd dream !!! Picking < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > up today ! 
Happy 4th ! :) 
Orthodontists , shopping , running 
It's been a rough couple weeks ! 
just watched wipeout ! :) Amazing !!!! 
Cheer Camp ! :) 
Watched Up today , it was sad ! 
I hate the ending to < PROPMALE > potter ! 
Tonight is going to be fun ! :) 
packing for the beach ! 
Off to the beach ! :) 
Home , but I miss my friends from the beach ! 
Big brother marathon ! :) 
cheer practice ! 
just got hope ! 
I just got home ! 
I get to sleep in tomorrow !!!!! :) 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s house getting ready for practice 
I can't believe school is so close ! 
No work today ! :) 
I can't wait till this thingy is over 
Can Collection ! 
Whoa today was intense ! 
First game of the year ! To bad we lost ! :'( . Garage sale tomorrow , it's the weekend and I still have to wake up at the crack of < PROPMALE > . 
First game of the year ! To bad we lost ! :'( . Garage sale tomorrow , it's the weekend and I still have to wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > 
YA we won !!!!! 
soccer game ! 
Accounting Class is amazing ! 
Ekkk !!! 
Cheering today ! 
Crazy Night ! 
Cheer then bonfire ! Tons of English hw :/ 
Accounting ! 
Acounting , game tonight , tomorrows going to be crazy !!! 
Ugh sick 
Feeling tons better !!!! 
Went running today , felt so good to get out of the house ! So much make up work to do , but excited to go back to school ! :) 
Ugh can't I have one week of peace , this years been crazy !!!! 
School tomorrow , trying to catch up on hw . text me :) 
I am thankful for my friends ! :) 
I am thankful for my parents 
Thankful for fun times bowling ! :) 
I am thankful for my cheer team ! :) 
Just got back from the play , it was Amazing ! Geez I practicly live at that school ! Homework , packing for the weekend , i'm so excited ! Text me ! 
In Accounting , Almost time for the party !!! :) Be back sunday 
Back from the beach , it was tons of fun ! :) Just got home from a private , fun but tiring ! 
I can't beileve tomorrows monday ! Ekk ! At least it's only a three day week ! :) 
Such a long day , but it's gonna be fun ! :) 
Just got home from cheer , its been a long day , but only 2 left ! :) 
just spent the night celebrating my brothers b-day , homework time ! 
I'm really excited for this weekend ! Yay turkey day ! :) 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX) ! Any question , no matter how crazy or wierd it is . You'll have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get 
Went to church and < PROPMALE > out with my friends , been a pretty good day ! :) 
In accounting , excited to cheer at the game , this should be fun ! :) 
Just got home from the game , it was lots of fun ! We lost but it was so close ! Now off to homework . Text it . 
I Survived ! :) 
Went to the game , it was so much fun ! :) 
Getting ready for Christmas , found my pimpettes hat haha fun memories . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Celebration , then < PROPFEMALE>'s Pary , then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s! Text it ! :) 
Back from < PROPFEMALE>'s now off to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s , got tons of close , had tons of fun today ! Please let it snow so that I don't have to do hw ! :) 
In accounting , it's been a long monday ! I can't wait for winter break !!!!! 
Oh my god best day ever !!!! :) 
Now off to hw 
In accounting , going home soon and then to coaches for a party ! :) 
Had so much fun at the party tonight , they are like my sisters ! :) 
Finally its Christmas break ! :) 
Great start to winter break ! :) 
Off to pick up my sister at the airport ! :) 
Just got home from the zoo , I didn't realize so many people could fit in such a small area ! 
Just got home from church , going to the grado later , text me 
Just got home from church , going to the grotto later , text me 
Shopping :) 
Spent the whole day shopping ! Had so much fun hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
First free day of winter break tomorrow , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
haha hot mess is a song !! :) fun times !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Play Pals are the scariest things on the planet !!!!! 
Back from < PROPFEMALE>'s Grandmothers house , I can't believe christmas is so soon !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I got a new laptop !!!!! :) 
2nd Christmas ! Fun times ! Finally got the internet to work on my lap top !!! :) 
Had fun at dinner tonight , going to church tomorrow and then helping them move . 
shopping on amazon ! 
Getting ready for church , helping them move , then off to best buy ! Text It ! :) 
Back from < PROPFEMALE>'s house , my sister is leaving today , and I still don't have a door nob 
Its snowing !!!! :) 
I love the snow !!!! :) Back form < PROPFEMALE>'s for the second time now off to Mak's 
Back from Mak's later going to my 3rd sleep over in a row , geez I'm tired !!!! :) Text it ! 
A or B day next Monday ? 
Homework time !! :/ 
So don't want to go to school tomorrow !!! 
I can't stand this anymore !!!!! 
Off to our second day of school ! 
Had a really good day today ! 
Done with all my hw finally !!! Ya it's an A day tomorrow !!! 
Amazing Practice !!! :) 
blue 
Crazyness !!!!! 
Some how some way we made it through the first part of today !!! 
I don't know what to do for my b-day .... any ideas ? 
I think I figured it out !!! Thanks Kels !!! 
11 days till my birthday !!!!!! 
Whos going to the games tonight ? 
So much fun tonight !!! :) 
9 days !!!! :) 
Today was full of suprises ! 
Someone wana kidnap me this friday ? I have to get out of the house !!! 
Getting ready for the game tonight !!! :) 
Such a close game !!!! Had so much fun tonight , too bad about Baskin Robins though ! 
I'm wet ! 
Going out to eat , then watching it's complicated . Text it ! :) 
That movie was Hilarious !!!! 
Now that I'm home , I'm super bored !!! Text it ! 
Competition Today !!! :) 
1st Place Baby !!!!! :) 
Church ! 
Just got home ! Had fun hanging out with you guys !!! 
5 days !! 
Yum plastic noodles ! 
So glad that tomorrow is late start , even if its only a few more minutes its something ! Goodnight ! 
Homework , then off to the game hope to see you guys there ! Text it ! 
haha i love the yes dance !!! 
Hopefully tomorrow will be better ! 
Homework and then off to the wrestling duel haha 
I think it should be illegal to wake up this early ! 
Pretty good birthday ! 
Blind side is such a good movie but it made me cry ! 
Going to the mountain with the girls !!! 
Overall I had a pretty amazing weekend !!! I'm so glad rhat tomorrow is an A day !!! 
Crazy day guys !!! 
Eeek !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't believe this !!! 
Ugh ... 
I feel like someone ripped out my stomach 
Was actually considering stopping ! I must be insane1 
long day ! 
We won !!! :) 
Competition at Jesuit today ! Text it ! :) 
Finally Home hahaha ! 
Thinkin bout going to bed , have to wake up early to go to church tomorrow mornig Text it :) 
Planned to get so much done today , ended up doing practicaly nothing 
Studing for finals , then cheering at a game tonight ! Text it :) 
Officially no longer a vegitarrian ! 
It may be finals but today was pretty awsome ! 
Hey has anyone done the dbq for the adv us history final ? What is it about ? 
Such an easy day tomorrow ! 
Shopping , maybe dear < PROPFIRST > , cheer family friend night , and then set up for competition , text it ! 
This new facebook is wierd ! 
Cheer competiton tomorrow at Tualatin , Everyone be there !!!! 
Just got home from cheer comp , now off to the party !!! Text it :) 
Go Saints !!! :) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > Garden to celebrate moms birthday Text it :) 
Yankee Doodle went to town , A-riding on a pony , Stuck a feather in his cap , and called it macaroni ! 
In web design ... 
Homework , then seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in concert 
Amazing Night !! :) Now off to bed ! 
Game tonight text it :) 
Never thought i would be so happy for a car to break down 
Today was so nice ! 
Church in the morning , then < PROPFEMALE>'s and KFC haha Can't wait to go up to the mountain monday !!! :) Text it 
Haha amazing day !!! The skiing was awesome ! Plus I got to laugh at < PROPFEMALE > all day ! The car ride home was tight too ! 
Ya Baby !!!! We beat Tigard !!!! :) 
Horrible Day !!!!! 
Had fun running around all night with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Just came back from tumbling , had so much fun ! I'm really excited to go more often ! Tomorrow school , then game and dance , going to be amazing !! :) Text it 
Had so much fun last night !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Everyones gone , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > ? Text it 
Hanging with Lynds and < PROPFEMALE > 
Really want to go on a road trip right now 
Had a really great day today ! :) Text it 
Had a great day .... then i came home . Bball game tonight , be there ! 
We won the girls game ! 
\Std has a sexy brother . Just in case you forgot\ " - Pedo . OMG i miss you girl !!! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Crawford's house tonight ! Text it ! :) 
Ya it works !!! 
Amazing Start to the week , lets hpe it stays like this !!!! :) Text it ! 
I have the wierdest conversations with ppl at night haha ! 
Is it too late to start Track ? 
Would have been fun but I don't think I could be ready by monday ! 
I Hate Chemistry !!!! 
Haha Awesome Krispy Kreme Adventure !!! :) 
Game Tonight ! Everyone be there ! :) 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Tonight ! 
Hanging With < PROPFEMALE > Watson ! :) 
Haha Watching the Wiz 
Had a ton of fun this weekend , now back to reality school tomorrow 
Eeek I'm soooo nervous !!!!!! 
Ya !!!! I survived !!! :) 
Saw < PROPFEMALE>'s New House Today It's AMAZING !!!!! 
¡¡¡¡¡ ? no ?? p ?? n ??? ? ?? o 
Just watched the hangover , omg that movie is so funnny !!! 
Ugh they make me so angry !!!!!! 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Awards night tonight ! :) Text it 
Last Period We Are Almost Done !!!! 
Its been such a long day , been so busy !!! So excited to take a break from it all and party with the girls tonight !!! 
At the beach !!! :) 
Home finally !!! Had lots of fun though !!! :) Text it 
So Tired !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ' s tonight again ! :) 
Crazy week ! Now back to reality , really excited for it to be the weekend again !! 
They day is almost over !!! Then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s new house !!! :) Text it 
:) 
Happy Easter !!! Had such a crazy weekend helping < PROPFEMALE > move !!! :) Text it 
Paying money to do a chore is ridiculous !! 
Bad day :( 
Should I countinue through this or end it right now ? Such a big decision !!!! AHHH !!!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!! 
So much going on !!!!! Crazy couple of weeks !!!!! 
This week has been so crazy busy I'm so glad its finally the weekend !!! So much stuf to do though !! Text Me !!! :) 
Had lots of fun this weekend !!! Now that I'm home I'm so out of it ! 
Is tomorrow an a or b day ? 
Pedo called !!! :) Crazy day it sure has been an interesting week ! Only one day to go we can do it !! 
bumbed ! 
Feeling tons better !!! So happy its finally the weekend ! :) 
I got the pictures today ! Hahaha 
Somehow made it through day 1 
Iron man 2 was so good ! 
Tumbling Tonight 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
The Pop's concert was really good !!! Had lots of fun today !! 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight , then church , Party afterwords and back here ! Then Party in Salem . Busy weekend ! 
Off to albertsons till who knows how long ! Come visit us and buy < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
So tired !!!! 
If you like this status , I will go to your wall and post something I like about you . Repost for a challenge . 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!! 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > then off to gradutation !!! 
:/ Kinda Upset 
1 day down 1 and half to go !! 
Ugh .. you can't be serious !!! 
POKE me if you have ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend . INBOX me if you have ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories ... Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status . :) 
Done with Finals !!! Only half a day of school left !!! 
Been so busy this past weekend !!! So much for a break during the summer ! O well at least I'm doing fun stuf !!! 
First time I have ever been told I wasn't aloud to do a chore !!! AHHH ! They drive me nuts !! 
Tonight Rissa is coming over then we leave for cali in the morning !! Have really mixed feelings !! Love you < PROPFEMALE > haha I love the notes !! 
Had an amazing time at camp !!! Now off to the beach with < PROPFEMALE > for the 4th !!! Love Ya Text Me ! 
Finally home from vacation , i think i need a vacation from all of these vacations I'm so dang tired !!! 
I feel like a monster 
Had such a great day today omg I had so much fun we really should do that again sometime !!! 
Packing for camp tomorrow ! Should be lots of fun ! Text me :) 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
First day all summer that I havn't had any plans this is so wierd !!! Can't wait till I get to do something and get out of here ! 
Feels so strange right now don't know if its good or bad 
Today should be fun ! Excited to see you guys again its been too long ! 
Just got home had such a fun day celebrating my dads b-day from lazer tag and go-karts to the other guys this has really been a great day ! Text it ! :) 
Going Camping Tomorrow !!! 
So excited for tomorrow !!!! 
Just got home from camping now packing for the beach tomorrow so excited !! :) 
Hahahahahahahahaha I'm the biggest idiot ever !!!! 
Anything worth doing is worth doing well its time to get down to business !!! 
Feel really really wierd last night i will see my brother till christmas !!! Craziness !!!!!! 
First Day of School :/ 
Had such a great day today !!!!! :) 
Its true you don't know what you have till its gone ... If only I knew earlier then maybe things would be different 
Who is going to the game tomorrow ? 
I don't know what i'm going to do !!! I can bearly stand losing one and now the other one is about to leave me too !!! 
I just have to say UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Today has been full of surprises and i'm not sure if any of them were good !!!!!! :/ 
Awwwww !!!! That just totally made my week !!!! <3 <3 <3 
INBOX ONLY ! Tell\ 
me one thing you've always wanted to . And I won't get mad or anything\ 
like that . Make this your status and see what you get !! =) 
In Seaside !!!! 
Back home ! :) 
Just don't see the point anymore .... :( 
Haha such a strange halloween !!!! 
frosty the snowman ... its not christmas yet .... it should be haha I love work ! 
Procrastinating so much fun hahaha 
success !!!!! 
Anyone know if its an a or b day tommorrow 
Havn't been this upset in who knows how long ! I don't even know what to do !!! :( 
Success !!!! 
I just don't know what to do ... I love him so much but I really want to do this ... I just want to be able to have both ... 
Spring Break !!!! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
So confused !!! hahaha 
Spent all day trying to find the home of this missing dog , finally our hard work paid off !!! 
