man muss manchmal in den sauren Apfel beiﬂen 

board and contemplating moving to the mainland im thinking washington or banks i want to have seasons again 
happy 2011 
just watched , how to train your dragon . so cute i recomend it 
Orian has the flew and I've been up since 2am cleaning up after it and taking care of him does anybody know how i can help settle his stomach . 
food poisoning is the worst im glad that it resides after 24 hours ... im almost there . 
im tired and love zoo tycoon 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . 
i want a kindle so so bad im going to start saving , i mean all your books in one thing and wireless i think im in love . 
i got food poisoning and now i dont like the taste of meat . noooooooooo ... 
does not want to be awake 
i'm going to the movies on Saturday in hilo does anybody want to join me ? 
im thinking about having a potluck on the 17th those of you that want to come just tell me on here kids welcome at my house in hawaiian beaches . 
im going to so Eclipse tomorrow at 1:20 or 3:45 . 
power went out , played gin , going to bed now . 
tomorrow is my birthday yay for me another year . 
i think american eagle is the closest to my stye more than any other store 
thank you everyone for wishing me happy birthday . it was a good day . 
i have a tenor saxophone it has a case stand and plays is anybody interested .? 
i'm so tired .... i'm hoping orian goes to bed early . so i can go to bed early . 
just got back from my fun night of playing pool having a pina colada and chatting with the girls ... Im going to go to sleep now . 
just got back from paolo's in pahoa best meal of my life ... it was the absolute best Italian i have ever had . i cant wait until the next time i eat there 
thinking about giving orian a sister or brother he is so lonely 
Im getting a < PROPFEMALE > spaniel its so cute despite the name . 
so apparently i'm a fox ... i took over 15 different spirit animal tests and over 5 animal inner animal test all from different and the only other animal i got close to was a house cat .. i guess it could be worse . 
im waiting for true blood to start .... 
apparently if i was a demigod i would be the daughter of Poseidon ... yay 
just got back from dinner party and had a bit to much wine and a lot of great food from all over the world ... yum yum 
going to the store to get cake mix and frosting im making a birthday cake the lazy way to tired to make it from scratch but might do it anyways ... time will tell 
you are always posting things on my wall ... 
going to kapoho to go swimming gonna take the family for jeremys birthday 
just got 3 new dresses for going out .... now i just have to get out 
is going to sit around all day and do nothing but eat , sleep , and watch tv ... hmm i wish it were that simple ! 
OH My ! we were just leaving the house when our electric water heater caught on fire . everything is fine now and nothing burnt down but even 5 minutes later and the whole house would be gone and the animals crazy to think about . well now that the fire department is gone we can finally < PROPFEMALE > on with our day of shopping for a water heater . 
I NEED a good O.B.G.Y.N. in hilo or waimea a girl is better but really just any one but nitta would be good ... help 
my mother is coming over for a BBQ .. yay 
Troubles , they may come and go , but good times , they're the gold . 
Dinner went as well as it could have 
i have a purebred < PROPFEMALE > spaniel that i want to sell to best offer 1 year old and fixed great with children 
my sister is four hours late and im pretty worried ... 
i forgot me sister had a football game until 11:30 pm so she is back . and were off to go shopping in hilo all day . 
happy to be on my way to bed ... Yay ! 
today is orian's 2nd birthday . park , zoo then cake 
im going to be a < PROPFEMALE > for halloween 
waiting for < PROPMALE > , weeds and < PROPMALE > to be done downloading ... i cant wait . 
my mother and her boyfriend came over for dinner . Yay ! 
today i did nothing but make food for orian and sweep 
i cant decide between the PlayStation 3 move or the Xbox 360 kinect ? and input appreciated 
selling my wii and all that goes with it on craigslist ... i didn't realize how attached i was to my Wii . 
Orian got his first bloody nose today he ran into a wall . 
just bought a PlayStation 3 move setting it up now . 
thanksgiving is fun 
happy thanksgiving 
im having the worst thanksgiving ever ... its lame 
okay my Thanksgiving turned around and now it was actually pretty great 
im going to see < PROPMALE > potter to day super excited 
not going to the movies ... sad face 
god of war way to short have to start playing starwars now ... 
Im never shopping at radio shack here again !!! there racist dirty scum !!! all i have to say is i was offended and embarrassed . 
almost have all my Christmas shopping done ... yay ! 
just got back from a < PROPFEMALE > party with orian i dont think he likes < PROPFEMALE > yet but io got some good pictures ... 
just finished Christmas/Holiday shopping all except a gift for my mom i cant think of anything ... any ideas are welcome . 
today i went shopping and got a lot of new clothes . pretty happy right now . 
making frosted sugar cookies today ... homemade yay 
christmas is crazy whole family is here its pretty hectic but also pretty fun . i made 300 christmas cookies and there almost gone now ... marry christmas everyone 
i can not believe this ... so im fairly good at anything pottery but there are no classes near Pahoa or Hilo how am i supposed to learn more . does any body know of anything like that ? 
friendship is like peeing on yourself . everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling it brings ... 
If < PROPFEMALE > is so popular , why do you have to buy her friends ? 
a computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for my kickboxing 
never go to a doctor , whose office plants have died ! 
i dyed my hair dark brown pretty much black and it looks good . im excited to show it off . 
buying a car yay . 
just got my heart monitor off and it better than expected sorta ... 
i pick up my car Friday Im excited 
driving on my own is just great . i think this is the beginning of something magical ! 
OMG ! not only did a huge boulder almost hit my house but also a tree fell on my power line and made me scream like a < PROPFEMALE > person 
cant wait to have drinks in Pahoa tonight ! 
just got back from ladies night , way to fun . 
activity jar where have you been the last year of my life . 
going to dinner with the in laws . 
.... A person isn't who they are during the last conversation , they are who they have been throughout the entire relationship ... 
really regretting living by the beach right now im only a block away from the end of tsunami zone im up and listening to the news 
