Distance sucks . :P 

Sulfur hot springs are niiiiiiiiiiice !! 
is hunting for that elusive muse ... 
I GOT A 3 ON MY AP US HISTORY EXAM !!!!!! WOOOO HOOO !!! ( Mad Guitar Solo !! ) 
There's a reasonable limit to how lost one can get ... 
Vigilent 
A chill approaches as the work for the next school year slowly piles up . Thankfully , I'm used to the cold . 
Is tired from the National American Miss Pageant . Being a male escort is tough !!! 
Filipp Needs either the home phone number or the Address of Cipriano Ortega . Urgently . Please . 
Totally missed registration ... that's what he gets for having a job ... 
Ah , the lemonade business , never a monopoly since there's always gonna be that other kid down the block . 
Just had the best evening of his life !!!! 
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . 
Just made a bet that involves my physical strength , a matter of the heart , and who is going to buy dinner one year from today . Should be fun . 
Is done posting pics . 
Since some people dislike me not posting anymore photos , I will post 2 more . 
Okay ... will post more tomorrow ! ( Maybe ) 
Darn ! Approached limit for sending chat messages ... Didn't know they had one ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Parteh waz a HIT !!! ( Seriously , I still don't know how I got bruises on me ribs ... ) 
Alright ! Posted pics ! Woot ! Enjoy ! 
Has to go to school today . 
Is not prepared for school .......... 
Still needs to write 2 essays ... only an hour of work left !! 
My schedule is far from what I wanted ... Who has the same story ? 
“Do not go gentle into that good night , Old age should burn and rave at close of day ; Rage , rage against the dying of the light” ~ Dylan < PROPFIRST > 
is not pleased . ( Did 6 essays for a class he didn't have . ) 
Missing my friends ... 
Has too much work to do , but firmly refuses to even attempt to pick up his backpack . 
Is ... too ... sleeeeeeepy ... 
Had an interesting run in with his past writing ... and is trying to figure out how the heck did he ever get into DSA . 
Is missing thumbs ... 
* Stretch * 
Ugh ... I still has homework ... Hate ... 
Is going to watch Kaze no Stigma and will proceed to work on his novel ... gulp ... 
Discovered a new guitar riff !! 
Success !! 
I have officially received a draft to the Russian Military . From this day on , I am a deserter . My ten year exile begins as of now . 
If you want me to get a hair cut , like this . 
Aparently , my arm is allergic to human bites ... * glares at a certain \friend \"*" 
Accidentilly set his pants ablaze using an electric woodburning pen while daydreaming ... 
She's like a roller coaster And I'm afraid of heights But still there's nothing to stop me From getting off this ride ~ \Can't Let You Go\ " by < PROPFIRST > McCartney " 
Hates waiting . 
Waiting by the mailbox ... 
Dislikes quantum mechanics ... 
Refuses to do homework . 
DSA DEMS START TAGGING PICS !! ( And befriend me please ... ) 
PEOPLE SHOULD COME TO FISH OUT OF WATER !!! THIS FRIDAY , 7pm DSA 
YEAH !!! Fish Out of Water Was AWESOME !!! 
Just got done with Extemp !!! Feel great ! 
Rawr ! 
Green Sleeves is a rather tough song to play on guitar ... or is it just me ? 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > music while entertaining the dog . 
Jimi Hendrix RULEZ !! 
Is stunned . 
got an electric guitar !! 
NEW YEAR ! WOOOT ! But it does bring up a very interesting question : Is there a bustle in your hedgerow ? 
So I got lucky . 
Iz happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is super ticked off . 
Despises < PROPFIRST > Robertson and Limbaugh , and does not consider them to be human beings . 
I may have lost a debate tournament , but that was only because of a minor technicality that my coach was not aware of ... Conclusion : Victory !!! 
Had an insanely weird night ... saw a play , saw a fire being put out , saw a strange girl I could not recognize , but who knew me ... 
Is done for today ... and come next debate , I'm gonna win a trophy . 
Yaaaaaaaaaaawn ... 
That's it ... I'm more than Halfway Gone ! 
Getting rather nervous for Friday ... 
Yaaaawn ... good morning world ! 
My copy of \Howl's Moving Castle\ " is MISSING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( " 
That's it ! I'm gonna get me a fancy paper with a signature on it !!!! 
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the < PROPFEMALE > before the rest of the world . 
By giving us the opinions of the uneducated , journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community . 
Life is like sweeping during < PROPFEMALE > weather . If you concentrate only on the leaves before you , you can't manage , but if you just guide the leaves in the direction the wind is blowing , it's surprisingly easy . 
For a dog , a walk means an opportunity to poop on other people's lawns . 
I'm happy ... 
I'm happy ! 
If you pretend to be good , the world takes you very seriously . If you pretend to be bad , it doesn't . Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism . 
Is a burly mountain man . 
Puppies demolished basement ... ugh ... 
Life is too important to be taken seriously . 
Check it out ! Balarat Pics Posted !!! 
Shelling Ford solved my missing phone mystery . 
Really should get to work on his Extemp ... National Qualifiers tomorrow .... eep ! 
Pirate English is awesome ! 
I'll have me a bottle of rum and maybe a burbon ... and maybe a scotch and a beer ... and ' en sing that one song about them drinks ! 
Watching Case Closed while preparing for ACT ... 
Please help ! I've got to do dialogues and monologues . If you got any ideas , please post ! 
Any ideas for monologues or dialogues ? I'm getting desperate ... 
Got an iPod shuffle , figured out a < PROPFIRST > Hendrix song , got into a scuffle with two Jehova witnesses , took pictures around town with a friend , and got my humble butt kicked ... a very nice day ... ( Though the iPod shuffle was already in my possession for a week .... too lazy to update profile . ) 
SAT TOMORROW !!! 
I spent about 6 hours with lights out . At about nine o'clock , when it's getting dark , archery becomes a very bad idea . Especially with the power outage . ... I'll look for my two missing arrows in the morning ... 
Just got teaching .... going to swim ! Yes ! 
Mayhaps I'll change that profile picture . It has become rather dull . 
This site looks like fun ! http://chatter.com/a/gdmk8?ref=nf 
This day marks my 10th year in < PROPFEMALE > . 
EXCITED ! 
\I think we are at that point where we experienced uninhibited misery and all that's left is sheer ecstasy . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > " 
Just tried to scam a scammer . 
Is wondering how the streamers got under the mattresses ... and who left a ring and a necklace at my place . >> 
AUGUUUCUAAUUGUUUCUCCUAUGCUUAUUAG\ 
The highlight of my day . 
Bunsen burners and microscopes look mildly similar at the top ... watch what you try to look into and what knobs you're turning . 
People are weird . 
So ... anyone out there likes Epicurus ? 
Watching ACA . Suddenly , I feel like writing a country song . 
Uuuuugh . Work .... AP Bio FRQ tomorrow . 
HEY YOU ! GET OFF OF MY CLOUD ! 
Now that most of my finals are out of the way , I have to do 2 more journal entries , 4 essays , 2 powerpoints and pass my AP BIO final . No prob . 
Wooot ! TWO WEEKS OF FREEDOM !!! * Opens book and begins reading Chapter 19 . * 
Had a sweet night . < PROPMALE > out and talked about the meaning of the universe and how the universe functioned with friends . 
B . B . King is DA MAN !!! 
They took ' gullible ' out of the dictionary , guys ! Seriously , I checked ! 
Can't sleep ... tried ... and failed . 
I can shamelessly say , I got coal for Christmas . 
Like this status if you think I should write my college essay in an iambic tetrameter . 
Just committed mass murder . Put the poor fruit flies in the fridge for 5 hours . Ah well . Time to count the bodies and figure out each one's phenotype . Fun . \ 
\ 
I liked it more when they were alive . 
Okay .... it's 4:04 am . I got halfway through my flies . I'm off to bed . There's something tomorrow . 
I'm tired of spell check saying that my name is wrong . 
Snow !!!!! ( Hey Oh !! ) 
I swear ... It's ALWAYS Something . 
Doing AP Bio at this hour will make anyone sing the Bad Seamstress Blues ! 
6 hours of research . I feel smarter ! 
Drove . Made it home alive . It is slippery , so careful if you drive . Seriously . Better strap on a pair of tennis rackets to your feet and walk . 
My fruit fly lab : a disaster , a monstrosity , a comedy of errors . 
is pissed . 
IS SUPER PISSED . WILL SHARE HIS OPINIONS TOMORROW IN A VERBAL NON-VIOLENT , POSSIBLY IN A PASSIVE-AGGRESSIVE MANNER ! 
Announcing Defcon 1 to a certain person . \ 
But instead of doing anything bad physically , I'm just gonna be passive aggressive . I love the free market . 
It seemed like a dream . The phone rang and I answered . A voice , a familiar one , offered me a gig to play , but it was the same day as a debate that I had . I declined and the dream transformed to a new one . When I woke up , I checked the call log ... and there I saw that I did receive a phonecall when I was sleeping . Sleep talking ... this is new . 
Doesn't like Aristotle . 
I'm too tired to procrastinate ! 
I'll never be a good example , so I might as well be a fabulous warning . 
Whoa ! I just looked at the calendar and found out that my birthday is on the same day that I was born !!! 
The post office clerk asked me for my street name . I told him that I don't have one . People just call me Filipp . 
Dear homework , \ 
You are unattractive , therefore I am not doing you . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me . 
I was sitting in traffic today when I thought , ' I really ought to get myself a car ' . 
Feels happier than he has been feeling all week . 
Dear Twilight Fans , \ 
Please realize that because vampires are dead and have no blood pumping through their veins , they can never get an erection . Enjoy fantasizing about that . \ 
Logic 
I think that some people forget their other four fingers when they wave at me . 
Oh so close , and yet , so far . 
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia . I can't sleep because I have an Internet Connection . 
Nearly Panicked ... then , < PROPMALE > Adams helped . 
I'm not going to school when it's - 34.5 degrees Celsius out there . ( According to weather man . ) 
Insert complaint here . 
