Made Shepard's Pie for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > dinner . Be afraid , be very afraid . 

is restless . 
is insomniac . :/ 
This twitter thing is nuts 
The hardest part about eating a chicken Caesar salad is running out of chicken and being stuck with the leaves . 
is having an amazing time this weekend . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays ? WTF ? 
oi . the headache has arrived . it's only been a day building . 
Is now back in ' Cuse surveying the damage one weekend away can wreak . 
still hasn't done poop about unpacking , cleaning , or anything else . 
doesn't really want to grade papers . :/ 
< PROPFIRST > Malden . Are we done now ? 
found a Binghamton reference in an < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson song . < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm such a dork . 
is counting the days until Falcon Ridge . 
I think I'll take up knitting . 
is off to class . Prepared , even . 
holy crap , HAIL ! 
Wow . Salt Water Taffy and potato chips . I eat like a twelve year old . 
is wondering how rainy the rest of July is going to be . 
needs to stop playing Mafia Wars and pack for tomorrow . 
A healthy human is meant to be constantly giving and receiving in an easy , steady rhythm , exactly like breathing . 
Dear ' Cuse , could you please pay your energy < PROPMALE > so we can turn on the sun again . kthx . 
hopes all the other Potter-files are having fun tonight . I'm seeing it tomorrow afternoon , I hope ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has received a title ! The vet calls her Dame Survivor Pig . 
T-25 hours until I'm outta here . And oi , what a packed 25 hours .... Maybe there really is something nasty about this procrastination stuff . 
Auugh ! I want to go NOW . /end two year old-type rant . 
My house is too quiet without guinea pigs . Is it stupid to miss your pets so much ? 
Only 362 days until Falcon Ridge ! 
Go ahead , make an ad outta that ! People tell me talking to me is like talking to a wall , anyway .... 
Sigh . Obviously , it's all about work . Vacation is definitely ovah ! 
The piggies are inspecting their new housing . Opinions are coming forthwith , I'm sure . 
posting pigtures .... 
The level of my ' I don't care ' is friggin ' ginormous . 
took an unexpected trip to Croghan . I'm home now . XD 
is wondering if she's really getting anything done . 
needs some good word game apps for facebook . I'm sick of wordchallenge and pathwords . 
getting hearing aids for my dad is like getting < PROPFEMALE > out of a two year old's hands . Effin ' insurance companies 
4th self assessment done . I want a beer . Or maybe a shot of < PROPFIRST > . Or both . 
I'm coming to realization that I don't remember much between 1980-1984 . Huh . 
housecleaning is hell . 
legs are being bitchy today . ten hours of walking at the NYS fair yesterday . 
mangin ' on a Boca Burger from the OCC cafe . The only college food I've ever really liked . 
why is it that people who don't deserve the breaks get the breaks and the people who do , don't ? 
Wine tasting and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s for dinner with friends - a fast ride in the dark past a brightly lit fair . I'm loving Syracuse right now . 
Cool morning . C'mon Fall ! 
OMG . I'm on a subcommittee that focuses on committees for a committee overseeing , among other things , committees . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
American Lit . This is going to make a Yankee out of me , yet . 
Ack ! Am . Lit friends - I need a good Gilman short story besides The Yellow WallPaper and The Unnatural Mother . Help ! 
Ok , breathing now ... no more Gilman . < PROPFEMALE > St. < PROPMALE > Millay instead . 
I'm teaching an 8am class , so , of course , I can't sleep . Fuckers . 
8am class . I'm here . Dressed , even . 
8am class ROCKED ! 
After a great day , I am suddenly missing Binghamton like whoa . Hi guys ! 
somehow , seeing < PROPFIRST > pork roll at a store in Central NY is just wrong . 
Ok . When exactly am I going to get used to 8am classes ? 
Ug . 
Anyone in an English 099 class with me this fall : The SQ codes will be in the bookstore after 2pm . Tell whoever is waiting on you that you're in my class . 
Friday . That means something , I think . 
hanging out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Back in ' cuse . Now for some housecleaning . 
wants to thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the mission . I can't find < PROPFEMALE > corn kisses any-bloody-where . :( 
I'm awake . I'm awake . I am not tired . Maybe if I keep tying it , it will be true . 
New 50 < PROPFEMALE > intro to < PROPMALE>'s Origin of Species is complete crap . Just sayin ' . 
Amp . It's just that kind of morning . 
Ow . 
Added to my dossier of teaching recommendations : I took your class because your class is on the first floor and I really didn't really feel like going up two stories . 
Now what ? 
Reignited pilot light and I have heat . But what the heck is that smell ? Something seems to have gone pooofta ! 
Cortland Pumpkin Festival , games , soup , drinks , and way too many walks back to my apartment to gather the things I keep forgetting . It's way too much fun having good neighbors . 
noodles and nausea don't mix . 
Looking for live music in Syracuse . Any good ideas ? 
wants to go back to Canandaigua as a tourist . 
Huh . Snow showers this week . 
Does anyone know the name of the PBS documentary that compares a neighborhood in south LA to a gated community ? Thanks 
Zulie is stampeding . Someone forgot to tell her she's an elderly guinea pig . Run , Zulie , run ! 
just ate the yummiest , scrummiest tiramasu from OCC's Bistro . Thank you , Chef !!! 
sug ... ar crash . * klunk * 
No snow today . Just some dust on the bushes . 
Creating documents for an online class . Muwahahaha . 
ow . 
I can see this is going to be a busy day . 
Just realized this is THE day for < PROPFIRST > . Good luck ! 
Happily donated to WSKG today . Thank you for streaming ! 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
So . tired . One more class and then I'm done . 
Drama . It's what's for breakfast . 
Wall or no wall ? That is the profile question . 
Someone in the department is cooking something that smells really yummy . 
crow fight in the parking lot outside my house . wow . 
guinea pig fight in the office . wow . can this day get any better ? 
And again with the crows . I wonder what they are protected . Obviously , I live in a crow neighborhood . 
Nausea . Great . 
Amp . It's what's for lunch ... breakfast .. din ... what time is it ? 
I just spent ten minutes talking to < PROPFEMALE > Shenandoah . Eeep ! 
It's snowing . But , it's not snowing fluffly flakes , it's more like dripping pieces of ice trying to figure out white . 
&*^% copier ! I pressed finishing , dammit , so why is this pile completely not stapled !! Going home . Now . 
had the best weekend in a very , very long time . 
I defenestrated a paper today . In class . Synaspe misfire or have I finally lost it completely ? 
Today I am grateful for being alive . 
1980 was almost thirty years ago ?! When the hell did that happen ? 
Has dealt with student < PROPFEMALE > s at 8am and may now continue with the day . Gratutide of the moment : reasonable < PROPFEMALE > people . 
on my way to class . 
going to class . Again . Oi . 
Depissatating : the act of pissing away your money . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Yaaaawwwwnnnn . 
More yawwwwwwnnnnn . 
effing leaf blowers !! Give ' em a rest already . Jeeze . 
Headache , thy name is papers . 
My to do list is longer than < PROPFEMALE>'s list , I think . 
No , REALLY . Shut up , the world is not going to end in 2012 . 
I'm thankful for cranky guinea pigs . 
Ok , so the swirly circle thing worked . But do I really have to post the facebook trick that's gone viral ? I mean , who knows what I've * really * done to my computer . :/ 
is it break yet ? 
I am grateful for the < PROPMALE > to do what I love to do . 
So I have a question : why don't people read ? Most interesting answer so far : TV , radio , and internet give more information faster . Thoughts ? I know I'm thinking ..... 
In Endwell , ironing clothes for tomorrow . Forgot my drum , forgot my shoes , but I remembered the nice clothes . :/ 
Unpacking .... bleh . 
Today I'm totally grateful for the vortex known as Binghamton . I'm out just far enough to be in , but not far enough to be in , in . 
4 hours until break . 
2K car repair = no Black friday shopping . 
Crap . My sports minded nephews go to Easton ( or will ) and I graduated from P'burg . So .... whoever wins , I hope all y'all have a good time . 
Cubing potatoes .... 
Homemade potato knishes . Yum . 
So .... who won ? 
doin ' the Perler . 
Home , Sweet ' Cuse . 
18 more days . 
snow ! Finally ! 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 12 HOURS . . . You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is I WILL answer . You have my honesty . I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . 
Texting , posting on Facebook , Obama's speech streaming over CNN live . Who needs TV ? I think I'll go read a book now . 
I keep thinking it's Monday . :/ 
To partially quote Otter - Hail Caffeina Taurina ! 
< PROPMALE > , anyone ? If I go to Oneonta now , I won't get back to ' Cuse before the New Year . 
Wow . WOW . What is going on in Binghamton ? 
Huh . Swapped the GPS for a paper road map and , all of a sudde , Syracuse became much smaller and easier to navigate . Score one for no-tech . 
Pretty Monday - got to see a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > and when I leave , I will see a beautiful twilight . For now ... where's my dang diet Pepsi ? 
Thank you Excedrin . 
I wish I had a kitten . 
is thinking about doing laundry while staring at a pile of grading . Guarenteed , if I was staring at a pile of laundry , I'd be thinking about grading . More Pepsi , please . 
Yay Hunt for Red October . 
* clunk * 
Cell phone is gone again . Just thought you all should know . 
7:56 . Class at 8 . I'm late . 
Happy Chanukah ! 
love seventies classic rock . 
Peaceful morning . 
Hera has been maligned . Just sayin ' . 
37 degrees outside .... not so bad . So why am I shivering ? 
Hey - SciFi class , don't forget we're going to the Mall today . 
Sigh ..... 
$400 car repair . %&$# ! 
Yanno , what ? I'm tainting my morning with my silly car . Here's the real thought of the day : thanks to everyone who had me this semester . It was amazing and you all rock ! 
Sick guinea pig . Vet at 2:30 . 
1 guinea pig + 1 dropper of piggy meds = < PROPFEMALE>'s second shower of the day . 
too many papers !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > has left the building . <3 
Why can't I find * anything* ! It was all right where it was supposed to be before the semester started ! 
It's 7:57 am on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and the OCC in-box is CLOSED ! Happy December holiday of your choice ! 
At least today I have a side of < PROPFEMALE > canes to go with my papers . At least I'm not out at Wal Mart . 
People in the Women's Studies Section of English 104 - why do I have so many empty spaces in my grade book ? Email ASAP !!! 
Just finished Eclipse and am moving on to Breaking < PROPFEMALE > . I think I may have irrevocably damaged my English teacher DNA . Seriously , if I was any type of Bronte fan , I'd be pissed . 
Gratuitious Tennyson on < PROPFEMALE > 529 . Nothing to see here , I suppose , so moving along . I'm sure I can find another early spring almost fall romance in here somewhere if I look .... /sarcasm ( jic ) . 
Anyone know of a good live streaming source for the Mummer's Parade ? 
I'm glad that's over . On to something else . 
I guess I should actually get out of bed and do something productive .... it's been a good break . 
thinks her last guinea pig is perfectly content being solo . Bizarre . 
just cut off my cable . I'm a little panicky . Strange . 
Freezing rain . Getting to rehearsal will be ok . Getting home ? Dunno . 
OMG freakin ' customer service . Five emails and three call later , I have resolution . Thanks Amazon.com . ^&%$ers 
tiger striped 
That's it ! I'm getting a cat . I'm so done with seek and destroy spider games . 
Back to work . Office phone . 
Zulie is dropping weight and acting really skittish . That means cat is out and second guinea pig is probably in . 
Putting together a 2010 reading list . Any suggestions ? Anything \classroom-able ? \"" 
Zulie chortles ! Going back to OCC now - mission accomplished . 
Because I'm crazy , I have two again . Zulie is not so thrilled with me . At . all . 
I forgot . Baby guinea pigs escape like hamsters . 
There's no greater distraction than a cute baby animal . 
but there's two water bottles . I don't care , they're BOTH mine . I need to go to Wegmans and stop watching GP drama . 
Last guinea pig update , I swear : The four year old pig is now popcorning with the baby . * whew * 
There ya go . Retro photo . Thank you whoever I swiped it from since I really don't have any . :) 
debating the merits of going to campus today . 
Yes , yes , yes . I am wholeheartedly a fan of telling < PROPFIRST > Robertson to STFU . 
Um , that better not be my washing machine making that horrible noise .... crap . I think it is . 
Retro week is over ! Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along ! 
Come on , MASS ! Give us Coakley ! 
is busy thinking up annoying comments to post on her nephews ' walls . 
Rehearsal . Bleh . Don't want to go , which means I'll probably have a fantastic time when I get there . 
* Why * are all my socks gone ?! That isn't what I really want to post . I'm just so pissed off that the US Presidency will be brought to you by fill in the blank . 
* loving * Rescue Remedy 
I'm so hungry . There aren't enough rice crispies inm Wegman's to stave off these munchies . 
Romy just popped out of the guinea pig space . I knew that was coming . She's looking a little confused . XD 
<3 < PROPFIRST > . 
Feel like crap today . And I think Zulie is sick . :/ 
House phone is out again . As soon as it comes back , I'm calling Time < PROPMALE > and dumping it . 
Emergency vet visit tonight at 8 . Poor Zulie . 
I forgot . Baby guinea pigs still escape like hamsters . At least this time I saw her leave . 
I will not buy anything from the school cafe on the first day . I will not buy anything from the school cafe on the first day ... crap . 
is worried about her Binghamton folk . Take care you guys . 
Huh . So this is a question for < PROPFIRST > or Mia . How come when the Doctor regenerates , his clothes don't disintigrate ? Just a random question popping into my head on a strange , strange day . 
I don't understand why someone would choose to act \important\ " rather than act with compassion . " 
OMG ! She doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > flavor ! Who the heck doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > ?! Crazy ass Guinea Pig . 
Here's hoping all the sick beings in my world get well , all the beings waiting for news find out that it's good , or at least not so bad , and all the beings who are troubled find peace and support . 
I really do love my pets , but being covered in Critical Care is not my idea of devotion . Interesting evening - I gave a guinea pig nose drops . She gave me a bath in goop . Shower time ! 
<3 Zulie 
Doppelgänger week on Facebook . Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you look like . 
Wow . From < PROPMALE > to here took an hour . I thought there were plows and salt trucks somewhere in this ' burg . 
So I'm merrily messing on facebook and the office light is on . Romy is zooming all over the place , yipping like a little lunatic . I turn off the light and she stops . I think I just got told off by a guinea pig . 
Back to two piggies and I am totally in love with < PROPFEMALE > , the Zen pig . 
Guinea Pig fun fact : They can be litter box trained . Romy fun fact : The litter box she chose is not the one I gave her . Yay . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment ... 
Poor < PROPMALE > . Why doesn't he bite anyone ? And really , shadow or no shadow , there's still six weeks left to winter . Or six months if you live where I live . 
So , the two piggies are finally living together and Romy , the much younger baby , is definitely In Charge . How does that work ? Someone is going to get her butt kicked when < PROPFEMALE > is finally comfortable . 
I guess I should netflix Lost . 
BWAHAHHAHAHAHHAH ! 
* headdesk * 
Quick cuddle with < PROPFEMALE > the guinea pig and then off the 6pm call . Yay ! 
Evil sore throat this morning . 
Found the usb cable to my camera . Piggy photos ! 
Behind on emails and facebook messages - I'll be catching up tomorrow . Too tired from doing laundry and dishes . 
Why does everyone have snow day except me ?! ( Annoyed enough to use bad puncutation . ) 
I just bought a vintage Scrabble game at the Phi Theta Kappa garage sale ! Made . My . Day . 
3:40 am and I've been awake for an hour and a half . This is so not good . 
Done ! 
Wow . http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/02/united_states_of_snow_49_state.html 
I'm at a loss . Can someone from New Jersey explain pork roll ? I tried ; all I could get was it's like spam only round and fried . 
Grading and watching guinea pigs . 
Procrastinating .... but this guinea pig is cuddly right now . 
Poor < PROPMALE > City . It's got all kinds of troubles . :/ 
Small hot water heaters , great for the utility < PROPMALE > , bad for showers . 
I feel like my world has flipped on its head . Somehow up is down , forward is backward and I am Orwell's wife . ( Even though I would have rather married Huxley . ) 
Stampeding Romy ! 
What ? What ? What ? 
A good day for Pheobe < PROPMALE>'s family . 
So , is anyone in Easton , < PROPFEMALE > going to school tomorrow ? I'd bet no .... 
Laundry ? Done . Dishes ? Done . Taxes ? Done . Grading ? Uh .... 
SNOW DAY ! Finally . 
Virus has killed my home computer . :/ 
This is a good day . 
Gotcha ! Dang virus ! Fixed it myself for free , too . Bless you , GoogleFu . 
Pleasantville , Springish weather , and orange juice . Life is good . 
Needs Spring Break . Now . 
Oh . OH . Romy's first heat . Ow . 
Dang , < PROPMALE > ! I was kinda hoping this wasn't true !! http://www.pressconnects.com/article/20100312/NEWS01/100312016/Assemblyman-seeks-to-shake-salt-from-New-Yorkers-diet 
Guinea Pigs stampeding .... loudly . Almost named one of them O My God , Shut Up , but then decided to keep him named Zeus . 
Poor Romy . I think I pissed off a guinea pig . I didn't realize they could have such pronouced hissy fits . 
This week over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your Facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and other stupid stuff , so let's honor those who have made an impact on ALL of our lives ! We have no future without education . In the comment section name a teacher who has impacted you . 
Are you kidding me ?! 
Soooo .. is my wall fixed ? 
Can you see me now ? 
Because I really want to be up at 7 something am on a Saturday morning . Thanks for all you do . A$$ . 
This is not turning into a very good day . 
Hey , 099 classes - there are conferences this week . Don't forget ! 
Feeling like complete hell . This sucks . 
Hey - 8am English class - check ANGEL ASAP ! 
I'm throwing up and I just became a fan of < PROPFIRST>'s Cup . Does anyone else see the irony in that ? 
&^%$# !!! 
Good day with the nephews , some kinda strange funked up football on the lawn . Jello ! 
Ug . Guinea pig sneeze goop . 
This morning flying over JFK , I had a bird's eye reminder of why I will never move back to New Jersey . I don't know how you ( youse ) guys do it . 
This netbook was so worth the money - it's been invaluable down here . 
PTK Opening ceremonies , New York was * incredibly * obnoxious . God , I love being from here . Ironically , we drowned out Ohio . ( Ironic only to my family . ) 
Chocolate covered gummi bears ! Eeep ! 
Snow in ' Cuse !!! I wish I was there - in no way , shape , or form am I cut out for the South . 
Travel day . Home at midnight , class at 8am . This should be interesting . :) 
Aw . Bingham's burnt down . So much for foot high French toast . 
Chicken soup made with fake chicken ... bits . Gotta love college food . 
Seamus Heaney on a Tuesday night . Life is good . 
Surreality : a Doctor Who Advert interrupting the Real Housewives of NYC . Love ya Hulu ! 
For my second panel and second conference in a week , I'm doing a lot better than I thought I would . Last session was pretty cool . 
AAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHH !! I did this to myself . Yep . Uh huh . 
Hey 11:00 class - it wasn't exactly cancelled ; the door was never opened this morning and when I got to class at 11 , all the people who showed up had left . Well , except for two people writing letters to soldiers via Operation Gratitude . Technically speaking , you're supposed to wait 15 minutes . 
Pay Equity Day . 
OMG , I finished it ! I'm going home now . :P 
Neeed Pepsiiiiii .... Or coffee , or Amp , or sumthin ..... 
is annoyed . I have an earache to go with my sore throat . &^%$ 
OMG . < PROPFEMALE > does a silent wheek like a silent meow from a certain cat I knew once . 
This day . 
Hey OCC students ! J . Place has openings in MWF English 104 028 . Class time is 1:35 - 2:30 . 
ok , * why * am I so nostalgic for Phillipsburg today ? Cripes .... 
Snowing ! It's snowing on Mother's Day ! 
Missin ' ' Cuse . Oh , yes , indeedy ..... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , all you guys . :) 
Is wistfully thinking of an < PROPFEMALE > pub and a gorgeous St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day morning . 
Working through the grading . Wasabi peas to the rescue ! 
I know , I know , this is going so slow ! 
Hey Binghamton drummers ! Want to join with Syracuse & possibly Rochester drummers ? 
wishes she was home with her pets . 
would rather research guinea pig care . 
That's it . I'm picking up Romy and she's staying up here . 
Tough girls come from Pennsylvania , sweet girls come from Florida , but we New Jersey girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can run with fire companies , be college professors , throw left hooks , and drink the best under the table ! If we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . Just ask the woman with the ' biotch\ licence plate . I love being a ballsy woman from New Jersey . Take * that * Long Island ! " 
Slumdog Millionaire , Skittles , and Choir Singing .... 
Oh look . There's a cell phone . In . My . Wallet . ?? 
This just sucks . 
Safe travels to everyone headed to Rites . Enjoy ! 
There is a very big , scary , hairy , many legged dead bug next to the guinea pigs . I think Romy killed it . Now if only she could vacuum it up . 
Long haired guinea pig maintenance . If I didn't love her .... 
I can't find my *&^% black pumps !! WTH ?? 
OMG . You have got to kidding me . 
Missing ' Cuse like whoa . 
Guinea Pigs rock . 
Change is possible . 
OMG . My family . 
Annnd .... still . My family . The good news is that my dad realizes that it's 2010 and not 1974 , he knows Barak Obama is president , but the doctors can't figure out what happened or what's wrong . Sigh . 
Back to OCC tomorrow . 
ANGEL is kicking my butt . 
Leaving for California in the morning . So not ready . 
Morning flight cancelled , trying to reroute through Chicago . Yay ! No Newark ! ( maybe ) 
Lake Michigan has some pretty bumpy air above it . In Chicago until 6pm . Bleh . 
Oh . My . GAHD . * clunk * * headdesk * Repeat . 
Finally ! Just got to Chapman and I'm in the dorm . 10:10 pm Pacific time . :/ 
Um , it's Southern California and it's cloudy . Mumbled reply : no it's not , the sun's just not up , yet . 
So apparently , I'm near the other Disney . I'm going pin shopping . 
I am constantly thirsty . Like really thirsty . Is this a California thing ? 
Seamus Heany and < PROPFEMALE > Huffington in the same year !!! 
Dang . On the internet in the air . The smallest things make me so happy ! Like airlines that do not *&^% with passengers . So this is my plug for < PROPFEMALE > . Love you , so far ! 
Love the little map - I just flew over Prescott , AZ . Hi there ! 
I can get Cocowheats from Amazon . Uh , oh . 
Just saw I <3 Huckabees . Totally did not see that coming . Wow . 
Overwhelmed . 
Why is it that everything in my house that remains stationary for longer than ten seconds becomes a convenient home for every spider in Onondaga Hill ? Grrrrr ..... 
Faulkner's < PROPFEMALE > . So sad .... \ 
http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/07/macabre_case_pennsylvania_kept.html 
is missing Brushwood . 
Enjoy Sirius , anyone who is going . Sigh .... 
Because we should all look good .... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYpwAtnywTk&feature=popt00us01 
two thoughts : omg . < PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner is dead ! Omg . Peanut butter , oatmeal , chocolate chip raisin cookies ! 
Hey , Sci-Fi friends ! I need a film suggestion . What goes well with Huxley's Brave New World . ( And don't say Brave New World . Not the greatest movie . ) 
I am a list of things to do . Item one ..... 
ANGEL is kicking my a$$ again . I wish there was a 24 hour store on this silly hill . Bleh . 
Monday , Monday .... off to school . 
At work at 8am . Don't need to be here until 10:30 . What's wrong with me ? 
Yay some more !!! \ 
http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2010/08/gas_drilling_moratorium_passes.html 
From class last night : this course has given me unnecessary thoughts . I want my money back . 
Road Runner email epic FAIL . 
To do is a mile long , so I went < PROPFIRST > and apple picking . 
Walking in Santaro park - good way to start the day . 
So much to do before the start of classes . Yikes ! 
This is so stressful , it's making me sick . Bleh . 
I have * five * more minutes of work to do and I'm *&^%ing STUCK . Ug . I want a pizza . 
Completed ! Emailed ! Not another one for at least two years ! I'm still getting a pizza . 
About a hundred years ago ( or at least eleven ) , someone recommended Green Lakes State Park to camp in . I'm sorry it took this long fo rme to get there . What a great couple of days . Very , very belated thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Grape pie ! 
Grape pie consumed ..... by someone else . It was gross . 
6am pre-dawn , fog , rain , the NYS thruway , and me . On my way home . Yay ! 
Mercury ? What are you * doing* ? 
< PROPFEMALE > was here . There was a camera and guinea pigs . ( < PROPFEMALE > says : my name is < PROPMALE > and i live in a purple pickeled egg . ) 
And there was boating ... ahhh .... 
So , New Jersey and vicinity peeps .... there's space in Syracuse if Friday seems a good time to get out of state . Just sayin ' 
I've discovered failblog !! Oh , no ! 
150 bucks on the worst Rosh Hashana dinner ever . Thanks Wegmans . It matched the week ; I hope it doesn't match the year . 
Here we go again . Back to work . 
In < PROPFIRST > watching the clouds crawl over Lake Ontario . It's rare to have this kind of clear view . 
Yes , people , I know how to do this . 
Are you effin ' kidding me ? You did WHAT ?! 
Starry Night is at MoMA ?! This calls for a bus ticket . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGK84Poeynk 
It's my lunch hour and I can't eat . Why ? Someone with three gallons of perfume on walked into my office and left after two minutes . Her perfume did not . Bleh ! 
Yanno .... I really do have the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . POW ! 
I wish I lived in a place that was conducive to a capybara . And llamas . Well , and alpacas . 
Hey , Farber , Beck , Lubar people ! Does anyone have pictures of Gramma's house on E 53rd St ? 
Rainy days are the best . I want to go home , muck about with guinea pigs , drink warm tea and read a book . 
Bleh . Breathing is difficult today , feels like something is sitting on my lungs . I wish I was home in bed . 
Snow ! In the forecast ! Yay !!! 
Why do people post enigmatic updates that are obliquely accusatory ? 
Read in an email : Once a popular actor , now reduced to cosplay at conventions . Ouch !! 
< PROPFEMALE > says Good morning ! Happy < PROPFEMALE > Wednesday . 
Ok , so is there are real reason why French philosophers become so impenetrable when translated to English ? Does it work when English philosophers are translate .... oh . 
is wondering why guinea pigs don't eat spiders like cats do . 
SNOW !!! Yay . 
Has anyone seen a report about NY 25th district ? Come on , Maffei ! 
Sweet ! 
Ok , tarot junkies - what's your take on the Tower ? 
My Dad's birthday is today . What do you get the man who only wants Popsicles ? 
Came to work in daylight ; I'll leave in darkness . It's the same as Friday , only opposite ? * shrug * 
Despite some calls , the Eagles won . Heh . :>D 
The British Monarchy has a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . Cool . 
Gratitude : I'm still here and I'm still me . ( < PROPFEMALE > , what have you started ? :) 
One thing gets solved and another thing to solve pops up in its place instantly . I'm grateful that there's never any room for boredom . 
I'm grateful for the Veterans who have served the country in all the capacities they have offered . Thanks . 
Content , anxious , content , anxious , content .... this is getting old . 
I just got asked to update my status by the seminar speaker . I don't think I will . 
Advisor meeting . I forgot how long these things go . 
Breakfast and then a presentation by one of the most dangerous people in the world - a librarian . Go , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
No , really .... I * need * a place to sing in Syracuse that doesn't involve going to church . Love the SSO Pops Chorus , but two or three times a year isn't enough for me . Anyone know of local theatre ? Choirs ? Anyone ? 
I need a new profile pic , but I love this picture of < PROPFEMALE > . She really is that cute . 
Library like question : I have a student who acquired a book that is from the 19th century . She wants more information about the book and all she knows is the name of the library that discarded the book . Will the library have the acquisition records for this book ? 
Graduate of Phillipsburg with nephews from Easton . What am I supposed to do with that ? :) BTW , Go Eagles !! 
Does anyone in the Binghamton area know if Binghamton University is still running ( or has run in the recent past ) an AD & D Tournament ? 
I think I found the chirper in my pack of guinea pigs - it's Zulie . She's doing it in front of me . So strange to watch . So strange that it's Zulie . 
And the ice wins ! No Pennsylvania Thanksgiving for us . :( 
Blessings in disguise - we traded Pennsylvania for Bean & Cheese burritos , Red Stripe , and a < PROPFEMALE > Trek Next Generation marathon . Not ideal , but definitely manageable . And , oh , for all you Rovers out there - Go ' Liners ! 
A peaceful Saturday morning completely disrupted by rodentia dreams of pen domination . This would be annoying except it's the runt of the litter kickin ' butt and taking names . Go Zhora ! 
The last two weeks are the hardest . Here we go ! 
So , that's the third person today to tell me my hamster is cute . Huh . She's a guinea pig , yo . ;) 
Dear Colleges and Universities , please stop sending me packets upon packets of printed materials used in courting my Honors students to your institution . These are intelligent , wired people , meet them where they are because they aren't in my office . Sincerely , an annoyed ( and buried ) Phi Theta Kappa Adviser . PS : I'm talking to you , too , Capella University . :P 
Apparently , some guinea pigs escape like hamsters when they are full grown , too . They just aren't as energetic . I caught Romy on her way back in . 
“The truth is always a compound of two half-truths , and you never reach it , because there is always something more to say . ” It's a < PROPMALE > Stoppard kind of morning . 
Why isn't this school closed ? Bleh . 
Ok , so maybe I should have put the snow tires on last week . 
I <3 Guinea Pigs . I'm also practicing my hearts before I drive home in the snow . 
Killer Bunnies ! 
Snow day ! Which is good because my car is buried under two feet of snow . There has to be a break in this sometime , right ? 
41 inches of snow since Saturday night . 41 inches . BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! I love winter . 
Is there an opposite of hyperbole ? If there is , here's an example : I'm annoyed . 
Set up , like a bowling pin , Knocked down , it gets to wearin ' thin 
So let me get this right - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL . 
I've got my great-grandmother Hinda's wedding ring on my pinky watching the snow ; hi family , I'm thinking of you guys today . 
Ok , is it true I could have waited on the snow tires ? Dang ! 
New Year's at home . I'm happy ; I hope everyone else is , too . 
Yesterday was one of the best days of my life . That's kinda bled over into today , too . Thank every god in creation . 
AAAAHHHH ! Bloody < PROPFEMALE > Botts .... I ate a vomit flavored one . Bleeech . 
Some come to laugh their past away\ 
Some come to make it just one more day 
Borders in the Carousel Mall is closing March 11 . That is a serious bummer . 
Chicago Seattle .... this is .... painful . 
Football and then < PROPFIRST > Bond . I think it's definitely time for bed . 
Ooo , lookit - Syracuse is < PROPFEMALE > and 26 degrees . Pretty balmy for this time of year . ( Ice ? What ice ? ) 
Overheard on the way into Mawhinney Hall : Man , it's as cold as *&^% ! This was uttered by a gentleman wearing a hoodie , open over a T-shirt and jeans . What part of 6 degrees Fahrenheit is not being understood here ? Is there a point where function should overrule fashion or am I just being extraordinarily sensible ? 
This is the son of someone from my Jersey past . If anyone knows anyone who can help , please pass this on . http://www.tnonline.com/node/166297 
I want to go on a wild sammich hunt ! 
Yanno , women * do * eat Slim Jims . And pepperoni from the bag . Beef jerky , too . Not genteel . Sheesh ! 
All right wall friends , I'm doing a little research . Does anyone know where in the fine print facebook talks about ownership of the images we pop up here ? Also , does anyone know where I can find the legal specifics of advertising on facebook ? Or using a facebook < PROPFEMALE > as advertising ? 
Excellent show ! My friend's daughter has totally reawakened the metalhead in me . Props to The Chariot , my favorite band of the night . 
Home in da ' Cuse , but wishing for another week in Buffalo . I think I could live there . 
Pro Bowl ! And I'm reading < PROPFIRST > Berger . Um ... well ... I'm supposed to be . 
Yay ! We have snow ! Boo ! I almost ditched my car . 
ANGEL is the devil . I swear . 
Still . Open . Bleh . 
Seriously . We got a snow day for this ? I only slid once ; that's better than a normal winter's ride into work . At OCC , text if you're looking for me . 
ANGEL is really , really , really the devil . Dammit ! Reverse copy ... grumble , grumble ... 
Still playing with ANGEL . Grrr .... 
loves the interplay on her wall between the Zumba instructor posts and the Zumba participant posts . Are there Zumba classes for insecure , overweight klutzes with no delusions of grandeur ? 
Anyone know of a good grade book app for iPhone ? 
Vet appointment tomorrow . I was hoping I could go a little longer than one year before needing to go back . Oh well . 
Replaced the black d12 . Bring on Killer Bunnies ! I'm feeling a better dice mojo . 
First season watching American Idol . It's been amusing . I'm in love with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s voice , though . 
Motivation ? I think I had some around here somewhere .... 
That's it ! I'm officially ending my day five hours early . Hello , guinea pigs ! 
text conversation with my brother :\ 
Did you poke me ? \ 
Only cos you poked me first . \ 
Oh . \ 
Is this ok ? It's not like when we were kids and I used an actual stick . 
Anti-union in Wisconsin , funding cut off for Planned Parenthood , and blocking the EPA from regulating greenhouse gas emissions . Where is my < PROPFEMALE > ? Oh , and by the way , the next person to tell Social Security is an entitlement program may get slapped . I've been paying into that fund since 82 and I fully expect to get that money back . 
Um ... I think I broke the futon more than it was originally broken . Yanno , one day the idea that I'm really not She-Ra is going to sink in . 
Yes . This is one of those days . 
Ten days till Spring Break ?! When did that happen ? Dayam . 
Sooo .... I'm doing the exact same thing right now that I was doing one year ago , besides posting on facebook , I was grading . How do I know ? That's what I was doing when the Zed sisters were born . Happy birthday , fuzzballs ! 
I was hoping for a snow day , alas , no . I should start hunting for my car soon if I want to make it to campus by 10 . 
Waiting for the X-ray CD . Hospital TV is so lame . Stoopid ice . 
Soooo .... yeah . Last week , I fell on the ice . Tomorrow , I will find out if I broke anything . But , as is the way I do things , so far , I have a bruised elbow and messed up elbow ligaments , nothing actually broken . 
Hahaha .... I love Survivor night . 
He's the hood ornament on the car of creation . 
Look at that - Binghamton passed the 100 inches < PROPFIRST > . http://goldensnowball.blogspot.com 
I found my phone ! I found my itouch ! The debit card , however , is truly missing . 
Does this sound like a familiar plot : a prisoner marks time in his ( or her ) cell and discovers a crack in the cell wall . Over time , the crack widens and is eventually large enough for the prisoner to realize that it's a gateway to somewhere else . I read this as a kid and I can't remember the name . 
Connecting with old friends makes a rainy day even better . 
Loving < PROPFEMALE > Alley .... 
Yanno , I really just .... I love Binghamton and the people , but ... just .... aw , hell . BAWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! It's not snowing here . EeeHeeheeheeheee ...... 
Munchkin ! 
is wishing she had Leaves of Grass . Missing Uncle Walt ! 
4am chirper - < PROPFEMALE > . How strange that a chirping guinea pig is rare and I've had two of them . Or , well , maybe I've just had too many guinea pigs . Or something .... 
Right . Read through my speech twice , dressed myself like a professional ... off to Phi Theta Kappa Induction . 
April Fool's Day is just one more reminder of why I like teaching in college . < PROPFEMALE > in there , Teachers ! 
One of the perils of being a news junkie is the amount of bad news a person absorbs . Add that to the amount of dystopic science fiction I read ... well , you may get the picture . Anyone have any good news ? ( Except for you < PROPMALE > ; so far everything you've posted is about beauty in a hard reality . ) 
It's bloody effin ' SNOWING ! 
This sleep thing is not happening . 
Lesson learned : never chug a chocolate soda . 
Well , that was an amazingly < PROPFEMALE > night . 
Home from Oswego . < PROPFEMALE > Piercy was worth the drive . 
Why ? Because I live in CNY and because Lake Ontario is being a vengeful bitch , that's why . 
Spent the eveming in Solvay . Time for bed . 
Contact ! Anyone else want to go to Vega ? 
Azure < PROPFIRST > . Who knew ? 
Looking for Hippie Chic , fair trade clothing for the older , definitely rounder Hippie . Suggestions anyone ? 
Happy Bardolotry day ! 
Another thunderstorm on the way . Dang , it's been a < PROPFEMALE > April . 
Screw you , Birthers ! Yellow journalistic , hysteria building , democracy crumblers ! There ya go . Now shut the eff up ! Grrr .... 
Rain , much ? 
Annnnd once again , I am obsessively in love with a character from a TV show . Damn you , < PROPFIRST > . I will get an academic paper out of you . As soon as I'm done grading everyone else's . 
So , am I online or offline ? I wish facebook would make up its mind . 
1984 is one of my favorite books for a reason . Buried at sea . Whatever . 
Wow . I think , really , that I may be at the end of a five year writer's block . 
I am uneasy at celebrating the death of an enemy . Better to fill the void he left before someone else does . Or something else that might actually be productive . 
How come But , I'm a Cheerleader only has 4000 something votes on that cult movie question ? It's got the most awesome almost sex scene in it evah ! 
Motivation ? Calling motivation ! Hello ? Anyone out there ? 
In honor of Mothers Day , change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there until May 9th . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on Facebook ? Love you Mom !! 
Sorry , Mom , I replaced you with Little Zulie . 
I wish I was home talking to the guinea pigs . Humans are driving me insane today . 
Stoopid Hackers ! Amazon's latest trouble has cost me $450 . Bleh . 
Hmmm .... so . Am I worth it ? 
I'm in a complete Bluegrass mood today : < PROPMALE > O'Brien , < PROPFEMALE > Krauss , and Doc Watson ... yay . Any suggestions for more ? 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , all youse guys . :>) 
A clean guinea pig space means everyone is happy . 
Scoop : unexpected meal with women's studies ... yum . Return to an office littered with papers , books , pens , and dead Pepsi bottles ... yuk . It all wraps up with to the land of holy-crap-I-lost-my-cell-phone-again . Facebook it , people . 
Does anyone know how to do a proper in text citation for Oedipus < PROPMALE > or Antigone ? Is it the same as citing Shakespeare ? I have a translation that doesn't label the lines throughout the whole play ; it starts the numbering over when the \episode\ " changes . " 
Fer realz ? 
Watched The Doctor's Wife last night . I officially like < PROPMALE > Smith more than < PROPFIRST > Tennant . 
Ok , really . Someone needs to slap me . Do I really need to be thinking about PhD programs ? Really ? 
24 more portfolios . I can't do this &^%$ anymore . 
is annoyed by students who manage 72 out of 400 points on a final portfolio . Really . 
I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Tate is going to be on The Office . I am stoked . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Adams version of Wonderwall feeling wistful . 
Hey ! Does anyone know of any Rapture or After Rapture parties in CNY . 
I just had the best birthday since I was 28 . Thanks so much ! 
Still here ...... 
Annnnd once again , I am on facebook . Jeeze .... 
Still awake . Bleh . 
And here I am . It's a little strange . 
Purple lightening ?! Isn't this the second time Broome county schools have gotten a \rain\ " day ? And people say there is no climate change . Pbbbt . " 
Finally saw Thor . Loved it , loved the Sci-Fi movie references , loved Asgard , and loved how Kirby-esque it seemed . 
Sunburned AND mosquito bitten . Excellent start to summer . 
This is harder than I thought . Oh well . 
Off to the pool ! 
tornadoes in western Mass ?? Yes , I've been under a rock for a day or so . I hope everyone is ok . 
I'm trying to figure out if canned corned beef exists in northeast . Not corned beef hash , just plain corned beef . Anyone ever buy this stuff ? 
Monster week continues ! Tonight : Godzilla , Rodin , AND Mothra . 
Yodeling ! Polish yodeling ! Makes me proud to have a nebulous eastern european background that may include Poland . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > graduated from Syracuse ? How come it took me this long to find this out ? 
Any Bingos not very busy at the moment ? < PROPFIRST > Skelos ( 518 455 3171 ) is wavering on gay marriage . His deputy is < PROPMALE > Libous ( 518 455 2677 ) . If you support gay marriage , give one of them a call . Going back to work now . Really . 
30 day Song Challenge , Day 7 , a song that reminds you of an event : Because I am a geek , this song reminds me of standing in line for the opening day of Return of the Jedi . ( It also reminds me of my high school band trip to < PROPMALE >.) 
Doing genealogy on my dad's side and going no where , really . So let me ask an easier question for my mom's side . Anyone related to < PROPFEMALE > Garfinkle know where her father was from ? Or who her mother was and where she was from ? 
Father's Day dinner-Shrimp fra diavolo a la my dad . Yum ! Tomorrow it's cane shopping since someone stole his out of his cart when he was shopping . Nice , huh ? 
Bloody hell . 
First days of summer and I'm freezing . :( 
Happy Solstice ! Enjoy the sun ! 
I got the letter W from Joyce\ 
Something I love : Wind\ 
Something I hate : Worrying\ 
Something I like : Waffles\ 
Something that's bad : Western Corporate Imperialism\ 
\ 
Like this and I'll give you a letter . 
Yay ! I found a voice teacher ! 
Does anyone know where I can get a flyable Pride flag in the Syracuse area ? Or Binghamton or anywhere in between ? Syracuse Cultural Workers don't have any . 
Come on , New York ! 
I'm watching it live ... I think it gay marriage just passed . Holy Crap . Someone else see this ? 
33 yea , 29 nay . Amazing . It's about time . 
Today is a good day . 
I don't think just an Amp is going to cut it today . Nope . 
Ok , so this morning = Amp Fail . At least I have Keats :\ 
The poetry of earth is never dead :\ 
When all the birds are faint with the hot sun , \ 
And hide in cooling trees , a voice will run\ 
From hedge to hedge about the new-mown mead ; 
Jesus Christ . Why do I do this to myself ? Procrastination is not my friend when the task is due , but dang , it sure is fun when it isn't due . 
Happy Canada Day ! 
Wiping out my hard drive . This sux . Glad I have dropbox . 
Aren't you a little short for a Storm Trooper ? 
Off to JCPenny ! 
I love summer . 
Ancestry.com - my latest internet crack . Looks like most on my dad's side and half of my mom's are from Russia . Where in Russia is the next big mystery . 
OMG ! I hate Microsoft . 
Anyone know where I can get a cheap desktop with a 6-in-one card reader ? 
Apparently , I am the Guinea Pig Lady ! 
Valley Field Days . Whee ! 
I just watched a quarter ton truck spin itself into a compact car . Gotta love the NYS thruway . 
Buffalo rocks . 
Raincoat ! I scoff at thee . Happily soaked from Maid of the Mist . 
If I thought I was wet after Maid of the Mist , I know now that wasn't even close to wet . Cave of the Winds for a hot day rescue . 
Never again - my car isn't going anywhere until fall . Stoopid a/c . 
Happy Night Before the Wedding for all of you who can get married tomorrow ! 
The guinea pigs have made a fort out of all the flannel in their space . It's cute ! 
A dramatic reading of Wonder Woman , Cheetah on the Prowl . Suffering Sappho ! XD 
\Cyberspace . A consensual hallucination experienced by billions of legitimate operators in every nation .... \ " I am loving this book . " 
Oversleep ? At this rate I won't need an alarm . 
Just as an FYI , with summer winding down , I'm no longer playing Facebook games . So ... yeah . Stop asking . :) 
Anyone from P'Burg know how I can get in touch with Mrs. Mertz ? I think she was still teaching at the high school a couple of years ago . 
Holy Crap . I'm grading papers while listening to music on my ipod . I have a facebook tab open , my phone buzzing text messages next to me , and a Words with Friends game waiting for me to lose . Millennialism . It's contagious . 
It's been a long time since I crawled home three hours AFTER sunrise . I'm just insanely grateful it's no longer 1987 . I can't believe I used to do this all the time . 
Writing .... 
Holy Crap . I'm finished . Wow . Writing over . Now what ? 
Ack . I'm supposed to be * grading . * &^%$ you , facebook ! You're worse than < PROPFEMALE > . 
Read in a student's paper : \the older we get the brighter the room when the lights are out and the cake arrives . \"" 
< PROPFIRST>'s fir dinner . Adirondacks in the morning . 
Hey , Republicans ! Your party is fractured ; your constituents are pissed . Do something before these crazy Tea Party people hijack the country . 
< PROPFEMALE > the guinea pig just \popcorned\ " while inside her house . She seems a little bewildered at the house roof that just knocked her on the head . It's a good thing she's not a cat or she'd be completely offended at my laughing my head off . " 
Summer grading is done . On to the fall online course . Sigh .... 
I got acknowledged in the preface of a book . It's just for reviewing , but , hey . That's kind of cool . 
Yay ! My entry into the NYS Fair Arts & Crafts Show was accepted . 
Ok , so I don't know how to read , apparently . I was wondering why my acceptance card for the NYS Fair Arts & Crafts show had \slash st\ " on it . Someone kindly pointed out to me that \ " slash st\ " is really first place to people who know how to read English . " 
Bosworth Day ! Remembering < PROPFIRST > Plantagenet , < PROPFIRST > III of England , who did not kill his nephews , despite what the Tudors said . 
Earthquakes ! 
Category one < PROPFEMALE > gunning for Boston ? Earthquakes in New York & DC ? It's a good week to start teaching post-apocalyptic dystopian lit . 
I just sent my first tweet . Now what ? <--- Is completely baffled . Bleh . 
Thunderstorm ! 
Mmmmm ..... dry cheerios . I haven't eaten these in ages and I wonder why . I think I might do tomato soup and grilled cheese for lunch . 
Recommended for tenure . Sweet ! 
So , seeing as I'll be in da ' Cuse for a while , I need to make a more permanent home for the piggies . C & C cages , anyone ? 
Take care , Jersey people . Remember to fill your bathtubs with water , not beer ! 
It's a sad state of affairs when the crows remove road kill faster than the county DPW . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Schmyrene . I still have to clean out the guinea pig space . 
Romy and Zing like pretzels . Strange guinea pigs . 
I gotta get back to work . This is ridiculous . ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > is leaving Mawhinney Hall , where she has been since 7am . Which is horrible considering I only taught one class today . 
Almost done . Return a key and I'm outta here . 
I have new neighbors moving in and they are LOUD . I really hope this ends once they are moved in . 
Playing fetch with the cat . 
Streaming Phish . Life is good . 
Have you ever experienced gratitude so deep , it felt like a heart attack ? I think I just did . 
Wow . More crazy flooding in Broome county . Be careful , you guys . 
Hey , friends south of here , anyone know how route 12 to Norwich is ? 
Helplessness sux . I'm just sayin ' . All I can do is hope people in Binghamton , Bainbridge , and Susquehanna County < PROPFEMALE > stay safe and dry . 
This is just heartbreaking . 
It's so bizarre to see the incongruity on my wall . Half of the people who matter to me are under water and the other half moves about their daily business . This is both impressive and macabre . C'est la vie . 
Why do people mistake compassion and kindness for weakness ? 
Gorgeously cold morning . Frost , frozen breath , layers of warm clothes , socks for the first time in months . I love fall like I love guinea pigs . 
Please pardon the intrusion of a question on the end of my reproductive years , but does any woman know why , oh cripes , why , I can't stop craving hot , hot peppers ? I've always had a taste for spicy , but this is getting bloody ridiculous . I'm trying to ask as many experienced women as I can . 
Soda , coke , or pop ? 
Leaving Buffalo . Boo . 
The good : starting < PROPFIRST>'s Run in Sci-Fi . The bad : a bunch of young women wearing Jersey Girl sweatshirts . Stupid Jersey Shore . Jersey Girls come from Jersey . Jeeze . 
Banana and peanut butter breakfast while I research legally changing my name in NY . 
A suggestion via Otter Peabody , thank you so much . Switch to UK English and have your old facebook back . I'm happy . 
Ok , death penalty proponents , I have a question . How exactly is the death penalty a punishment for someone who believes in reincarnation ? 
There are no words to describe the feeling that happens when I walk into an < PROPMALE > gallery and see my former student's work as an exhibit . He's a fashion photographer in NYC now and on Wednesday , my current students will be using his work as the basis of their papers . That is just cooler than anything . 
I'm in the elevator on the first floor when the door closes . Someone sticks a foot in , jumps in , and then pushes a button for the 2nd floor ( I'm on my way to the 3rd ) , and for some reason , I just storm off the elevator . I've already < PROPMALE > up on someone today ; this does not bode well at all . Why am I so pissed off ? At least I tried to burn off some pissed offness by walking to the other side of the building and taking the stairs up . But , seriously ..... 
Halfway ..... come on 5pm ! 
I don't believe it . I just looked over at the ' sponsored ' links to the right of my < PROPFEMALE > and isn't there an ad that says ' Love guinea pigs ? Like PETCO!' Seriously ? 
Been a long time since I had yummy Jewish food ! 
Well attended high school football game right outside the back door . I've missed that . 
I love DVRs .... Alec Baldwin as < PROPFIRST > Bennet . < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sometimes , I'm an idiot . 
Dinner out courtesy of Governor Cuomo . Thanks Quick Draw ! Makes up for the Eagles game . 
So , I have < PROPFEMALE > wonder - how do you blow a twenty point lead with a dream team , exactly ? Mind you , it's not like I'm getting out on the field to figure it out .... 
From a student : unexpect the expected . 
Also from a student , via another professor : I don't know what you're taking that has the side effect of stupid , but that shit is clearly working . 
Paperwork is filled out ; next step : visiting the court clerk and contacting the newspaper . 
Stuck in traffic ; no real end in sight . Oh wait .... 
Hey Broome county people - my parents are having significant plumbing troubles since the flood . Anyone else having this kind of trouble ? 
Lookit this - I didn't know < PROPMALE > Bolcar played for the Dolphins . Go P'burg! 
