Surprised at how kafkaesque ' District 9 ' was 

I'm being destroyed by summer allergies . 
Annoyed that my team's World Cup hopes are vanishing --- for a third damn time in a row 
Köppen Climate maps + Playing with latitude/longitude on Google maps leads to interesting things ... found out that NYC has a climate similar to northern Japan ( minus the earthquakes ) 
is watching Bundesliga 
Wasn't convinced about the new V series . I'll give it another < PROPMALE > next week 
Enjoy reading papers , but hates writing them 
That message to everyone about the quiz was an accident .... one of the reasons facebook annoys the hell out of me sometimes . 
Got carried away with the chin-ups during last nights work out ... now I feel like I've been gored by bull 
You call this mid-November ???? 
[ REC ] , the creepiest movie I've seen in a while . That damn ending stayed in my head for hours ; attics will always make me wonder ..... 
Kind of mind-boggled today .... For reasons I don't know , my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > came up in French ! 
Worrying needlessly , about many things 
This is not directed at anyone in particular , this is very general , but why can't pronouns be spelled out fully ? 
Have this sudden burst of energy in the middle of the night ... why , I don't know 
I can't explain why my facebook login came up in Turkish (??!!?) 
It's great I still remember how to assemble a tie , after not wearing one for three and a half years ! 
I will vaporize the next Floridian , south Californian , or any other visiting warm climate native that says \This snow is so pretty ! \"" 
First boxing lesson went great ! 
I love it when co-workers bring smelly food and assume just because it smells good to them , it must smell good to everyone . 
I don't think people get my humor sometimes 
I don't like Tuesdays .... I don't think it was an accident that it was named after the god of war 
Sunday drivers are wonderful people . I want to pass them , stop my car in front of them , get out , and give them a big hug . 
Colombia has sent their first Winter Olympian ... forget about winning a medal , I'll be glad enough if her performance is even aired ! LOL ! 
Done with those damn , dirty stereonets ( mostly ) . 
I need to stop this going to bed at midnight during a work week 
I can't understand the obsession with not wanting to get sick ... this isn't the year 1302 , where people died of colds ! 
There's nothing like a jolt of ultra-strong , concentrated , tar-colored coffee after today's hike 
I think the hike in the woods yesterday got to me .... had a dream I was being chased by a bear , then shot him when he cornered me 
Don't ever screw with a Thylacoleo Carnifex , it will not go well . 
This weekend would have been good for a couple of extra days of plane tabling . 
' Deadliest Warrior ' really did it this time ...... tonights episode : Colombian Cartel versus Somali Pirates , lol ! 
A lesson we can learn from the French team : not only does cheating eventually lead to disaster , but even the mediocre guy can make you look like a fool when you fall . 
World Cup quarterfinals today ! \ 
I just have some thoughts : a ) no goal was stolen from you ; if you're truly skilled , you can score enough to win b ) players CAN use initiative and are not remote controlled robots , so don't blame the coach c ) blaming the vuvuzelas is like saying the air conditioner was too noisy in my exam room 
I can't imagine how Amsterdam must be like at this moment . 
A big thanks for all the birthday wishes !!!! 
Finally !!!! Whether its Spain or the Netherlands , the next World Cup champion will be a team that has never won before , rather than the same boring ' Brazil-Italy-Germany , Brazil-Italy-Germany , Brazil-Italy-Germany .... 
Sick right after vacation , nice ... I'd like to thank \whateverthehelligot\ " for waiting until I got back home to kick in and not ruining things " 
I've been lazy lately , haven't read anything in weeks ! 
Now an oil rig blew up in the Gulf . Nice going . 
This chilly night is reminding me of Yellowstone :) 
Ever accidently ate a food you can't stand ? Not fun . At all . 
Can't believe I said \good morning\ " to the cashier at the supermarket --- at around 7:00 pm (?!?!?)" 
A co-worker just got back from Eastern Europe and is discussing his travels . I'm cringing at the questions that he's being asked by some some people who never stepped out of the country --- smfh 
A little warning to all : my Facebook chat isn't working well with the computer I'm on 
You called THAT snow ?? 
Had this headache suddenly appear , then remembered : I forgot my morning dose of cr -- , I mean coffee . 
A warning to people : If I send anyone a private message inviting you to take an IQ test , it's not me . I don't know what's going on at this point . 
Can't really explain why my 4-year old niece asks me \Are you a vampire \"?" 
Everyone : sorry about that crap I sent . Ignore it . 
Is drinking straight vodka no ice that bad ? I keep getting looks of horror from people 
Snowblindness is not cool ; wear sunglasses ! 
This might sound crazy to some , but it's great that the weather hit 40°F ( 4°C ) .... now I can finally open my windows !!!! 
Today's been one of those \I-just-wanna-fly-anywhere-out-of-here\ " type of days " 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
Never really expected an earthquake to bring an inner energy rush 
Now , after Colorado's earthquake , and today's earthquake , we have to hear the \2012 crowd \"" 
