Happy New Year everyone ! 

had a long 11 hours at work today . But I had fun doing it all so does that mean I never even \worked \"????" 
Despite the poor decisions that he made in the past , I am sad that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has passed . He truly had a musical heart . 
is wondering why there isn't anyone on facebook at 8:30 in the morning . 
is going to fire up the camp pit in the yard and have some somores !! Yum ! 
gets to go to work because some one decided to not show and not tell any one . Grrr ! Bye bye dinner party :-( 
never mind she showed up ... late . Darn , I was actually looking forward to some double time pay . :-( Hello dinner party again :-) 
is going fishing today !! 
Finally !!! I woke up this morning and it wasn't foggy , or overclouded , clear blue skies !!!! Oh wait , clouds are rolling in . :-( Oh well , it was nice while it lasted . 
has to get going on packing !!! 3 more days and we leave !! 
Leaves to Hawaii tomorrow !!! 
Is waiting for my plane to board . 2 more hours . 
Something is wrong with me . I am wanting to do an extensive research project just for the fun of it . 
I have pics from Hawaii that I will post later . I love lobster , but now that I am one ... I hate it . \Ouch \"" 
went on a submarine tour and a Luau today 
is leaving Hawaii tomorrow morning :-( 
is now in Seattle til Monday , then off to Bellingham . 
is coming home Thursday night . 
Is back in Bellevue for a couple more days . 
I'm board . Waiting for the day to start . 
is back in Kenai !!! Home sweet home ! 
Is exited to get back up to Anchorage Wednesday . 
Is now back in Anchorage and almost moved into my new dorm . 
Really needs to finnish unpacking and get organized but is so board , he doesn't want to . 
Because I have non M&Ms , I have Jelly Beans in my M&M dispenser . 
is working on putting together pics from my vacation this summer . 
Is trying to add pics to my photo album but it won't let me . 
is on the third season of Scrubs 
First day of classes . Joy ?!?! 
Darn Secondary Functions !! 
Is finally done with theory homework ... for tonight anyway . 
is now on the 4th season of Srubs 
My room mate asked an interesting question ... Why do Americans like having their beds raised up ? 
Just saw a < PROPMALE > Light ad here on Facebook . OOOH I am steamed ! 
Is gearing up for All-State !!! I am going over the repertoire . Dr. Gorder has not decided what he will be having the All-State Band play yet . Or he has decided and it isn't posted . Either way , I am anxious to see what I can look forward to . Good luck to all my high school friends who plan on auditioning !! 
ARG ! Someone burnt Pizza rolls in the microwave and now the stench is going through the entire building ! Time for the dryer sheets !! 
just watched the episode of Scrubs where the patient thinks that life is one huge opera . Now , everything that I read is in song . Cool !!! 
I can't stand it any longer !!! I have to listen to Christmas music or I'm going to go crazy !! 
A solid layer of termination dust covers the mountain tops !!! 
PFD is $ 1,305 . I wonder if we are going to get an energy check like we did last year !?!?!?! 
Cutting locks is fun !! Good stress reliever ! I cut 6 today because people didn't pay up . 
SurfTheChannel.com is the greatest ! 
Is it a bad thing when I start arguing against my professor's lecture and the text book ? 
Homework , bleh ! Midterms , bleh ! Life , eh ! 
Wasn't able to go to Wind Ensemble today because he was stuck on the Ft . Richardson Military Base . 
Less than a week until I , by contract , can play christmas music again !!!!!! I am so exited !! I can hardly stand it ! 
It's SNOWING !!!!!!! 
My Wireless Mighty Mouse finally hit the dust today . :-( so now I actually have to lift my hand 6 more inches from the key board to my track pad . 
I am so happy !!! for the past 2 and a half hours , I have been playing my Christmas music !!! And now , I am going to sleep to it . :-D 
went to Ft . Richardson to get my extended pass only to find out that apparently , he don't exist on the planet Earth . :-( 
is going to Kenai today with the Wind Ensemble for our concert at KCHS at NOON !!! Everyone who can , should be there !! Kenai students ... ask Sounart for a pass to get out of class to come the program is about 45min- an hour . ( depending on how much Dr. Wolbers feels like talking ) 
had a great time in Kenai yesterday . Thank you to all of those who attended the UAA Wind Ensembe Concert . We enjoyed having an audience and we all hope that you did too ! 
Oh My Gosh !!! I just saw snowflakes !!!! This calls for some Christmas music !!! 
just realized that he has exactly 100 friends on facebook . Cool ! 
Busy Busy day ! Last Concert of the semester is tonight , and Alaska All State Music Festival starts tomorrow . Yeikes !! 
Second day of All-State and my feet are killing me ! 
Third and final day of All-State !! :-( To all of those who made it ... CONGRATS ! You all have worked VERY hard over the past few days . Especially those of you in two groups . I may not see you today , but you will probably see me running around today and tonight . ( I will be the one running around like a mad chicken with it's head cut off ) lol 
is sad that All-State is over , but is happy that he gets a break from the craziness ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I hope you all have a great one ! 
One week left of classes , one week of finals , and I am outa here ! 
enjoyed the fabulous KCHS/KMS Band concert yesterday afternoon !! I was particularly happy to see that there where hardly any open seats in the auditorium . 
Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friends ( or more ) who will do this ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! It may not be white , but it certainly is < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is back up in Anchorage ! 
is wearing his glasses because his eyes need a break from contacts for a day . Grrr I hate these things !!! 
is feeling sick today . :-( 
There are only two good reasons to watch the Superbowl . One , the commercials and two , great food ! There would be a third if the NFL had Marching bands . 
What the heck happened ? Facebook changed again ? Definitely PC minded people !! 
is off to the valley today for a dog show . Go < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
If pro is the opposite of con , then progress must be the opposite of congress . 
WOW !!! I think I just found the worlds heaviest sleeper ! 30 minuets of pounding on the door and wall , having the RA come in and pound on the door , we even took one of my weights and pounded it into the wall . Finally we heard no more snoring and then ... \huuuu ? What do you want ? \ " He left his girlfriend out in the common area with all of her stuff in his room while he dosed off !!! WOW !!! " 
Breakfast with my sis ! 
Ididerod Ceremonial start today !!! 
Coming home to Kenai for the week . Yea for spring break !!!! 
is finally home ! Bed time !!!! :-) 
is having sooooo much fun teaching this week !!!! 
UGH ! Sick and can't sleep ! 
Still sick but I think I am going to try and go to class today . 
12 hours of sleep did me REAL good last night . I am feeling MUCH better ! Now if only my nose would clear up . 
HUGE congratulations to my Uncle < PROPFIRST > .... He has been selected to be the CEO of the new Boing 787 production line in Charleston , South < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Concert tonight !!!! 
UGH !!! Can't sleep . 
ok well , time to try sleeping again I guess . 
God certainly has a funny since of humor ! I pray for rain and get more snow and it's STILL snowing ! 
Wow ! When things go wrong , they come crashing down ! \Sigh \"" 
Craving some ice cream !! YUM !! Hmmmm Raspberry or Mango sorbet ? 
Ok , my night just got a whole lot better !!!! I got the Symphony's program for next season . Gershwin , C . Brubeck , Copland , Mozart's Eine Kleine , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Beethoven's 5th , and Dr. Smith !!!!!! oh yea , and a lot more !!! 
Happy Birthday to you , Happy Birthday to you , Happy Birthday dear < PROPFEMALE > , Happy Birthday to you !!!!! 
Ok , so I came down south ... actually wishing for rain and we are getting dumped on with MORE SNOW !!!! 
Going back up to Anchorage today . 
Free BBQ in the Templewood Parking lot !!! 
9 essays , 3 piano juries , and 2 final exams !!! Finals week , here we go ! 
4 more essays and 2 final exams ! I'm getting there . lol I see the light at the end of the tunnel !!!! 
Finally headed off to bed ! 
Congratulations for all of you who are graduating !!! I really do mean that , even though I will be reading a book as your names are being called across the stage and during the lengthy and repetitive speeches . 
just watched a very disturbing and possibly enlightening video about some secretes about the world we live in . 
Numb3rs !!! Great show !.... though , I sill like Bones better .... 
We got all set up for Solo and Ensemble starting tomorrow morning . Congratulations and good luck to all of those who made it !!! 
\OOOUUUCCHH !!!!! \ " ... Scream my feet ! I think my sketchers will just have to do for tomorrow . Great job to all of those who performed today . Make sure to check \ " the wall\ " tomorrow to see who made Command Performance . " 
WOW !!! I am always astounded by the increasing performance qualities for Command Performance . The accompanists have agreed and have commented that this year may have been the best in the way of \preparedness\ " from students in the festival !!! Congrats to all ! See you all at All-State ! " 
is back home in Kenai now . Unpack , clean house , job hunting , S&E Wrap up stuff , practice , SLEEP !!! 
If we could count on it raining one full day out of the week , I vote for Mondays . 
Off to Anchorage . I forgot my Bach corals in my locker . 
is back from Anchorage . I wish I brought my camera with me , there were some gorgeous views going both ways but especially going up . There is something about driving for 6 hours that tires you out . I need a nap . 
Come by Holiday Gas station for Customer Appreciation Day !!!! Lots of discounts and free stuff !!!!! The fun starts at 11am and goes till 3 or 4 I think . See you there ! 
What happened to all the sunshine ? It's only supposed to rain on Mondays . :-( 
Getting new floors put in today ! 
How do you rotate pictures on Facebook ? 
Day two of the dog show , opening day for dip net fishing on the Kenai , and it's raining so hard the Kenai city streets were flooding . Oh yea , and I get to stay inside and sleep !!! 
All moved in ... well sort of ... actually , not really . 
The suspense is just killing me ... Do I finnish unpacking ? Do I start packing up ? 
Headed out to the fair today .... probably stop at a couple of geocaches on the way ! 
Hmmmm , tv or projector ? 
hmmm trying to set up my phone number through gmail but I don't know what my number should be . ( no Alaskan < PROPFIRST > available ) 
Busy Busy day !!! 
PFD 2010 : $ 1,281 !! 
Mom had a dream that I pierced my ears and thought it was real ! HA HA HA 
Seawolf Thunder !!! Come on down to the commons and see who we are , and how you can get involved !!! 
Is wondering how the Kenai Drumline did at today's game . 
is sick today ... good night . :-( 
I had the wonderful joy of cutting a bunch of locks last night in the Music Dept . If your lock was cut , please see < PROPFEMALE > or myself to get your stuff back . Thanks ! 
Theory Midterm today ... ugh !! 
Ok , so someone with a digital camcorder should record some short clips of Seawolf Thunder at tomorrow night's game then post them on YouTube ... Some pics would be nice too . 
To all those who went to the Hockey games this weekend : What did you think of Seawolf Thunder ? Comments ? Suggestions ? 
would like to know if the KCHS drumline is coming up to Anchorage for the State Football Tournament ???? If so , I will come watch . 
I don't want to practice this morning , but I kinda really need to . 
spent 2 hours on the opening fanfare for my theory composition and now realized I didn't save it . I think I am going to cry . 
is not sure why his brain told him it is time to get up and stay up at 5:00 AM ?? It is Saturday .... hmmm 
Day two of the most informative lectures I have EVER been to !!!! 
The sight of snow has just made my day ! Now the only thing to destroy it would be if it decides to rain AGAIN ! 
SSSNNNNOOOOOWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh How I have missed you ! Please stay ! 
Hockey game tonight !!!! First 50 students to walk in the Sullivan doors at 6pm get access to the V.I.P room with FREE PIZZA and TONS of fun with Seawolf Thunder !!!! GO SEAWOLVES !!!!!! 
says thank you to Music Man for an awesome repair clinic Saturday and to UAA sports fans for supporting Seawolf Thunder at the games this last weekend . 
is happy that it's snowing ! LOTS !!!! 
Ok , today was a VERY good day !!! Seawolf Thunder is now an official club . More importantly , I will be on National Television with Seawolf Thunder cheering on < PROPMALE > Price while he drives the Zamboni . Monday morning on the Early Morning Show on CBS News . 
3 years old ; my mommy is the BEST , 7 years old ; mommy i love you ?, 14 years old ; mom WHATEVER ... 16 years old ; OMG my mom is so ANNOYING , 18 years old ; i wanna leave this house , 35 years old ; i wanna go back to my mom's house , 50 years old ; i don't wanna lose my mom , 70 years old ; i would give up EVERYTHING for my mom to be here with me . Happy Birthday Mom , Yes I do appreciate you even if I don't show it all the time . 
EARTHQUAKE !!!! 
All-State Music Festival starts tomorrow morning ! Good luck to all of those talented music students who have your chair auditions early tomorrow morning ! 
Rain ? Really ? I thought we were done with this ... 
Hmmm , no school just about everywhere in Alaska , no School in Washington .... Who does have school today ? 
I have 48 meals left on my meal plan ... anyone want a free dinner at the commons , I will be there until 7:30 . 
is insanely tired and doesn't know why he is still up ... 
Yea ... Finals are over with !!! 
Ahhh , Ambrosian Singers \Canticle of Joy \"" 
is excited for tonight's orchestra concert in Kenai ! 
enjoyed a great concert with the Redoubt Chamber Orchestra and friends !! 
busy wrapping xmas gifts so that we can be part of the crazy mad house tomorrow morning at the post office . 
< PROPFEMALE > cheesecake cupcake brownies . YUM !!! 
sick today :-( NOT fun 
can't decide to stay up and get some work done or go to bed . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
Ho Ho Ho < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Bacon Cheeseburgers and salad tonight !!! yum ! 
I can't wait to be on the University internet again . I am sick and tired of my internet freezing up on me ! 
My truffles are BURSTING with flavor ! Literally , the bottoms are busting out and the chocolate shells are splitting . AHHH ! 
I'm back in Anchorage !!!! 
New suite mate just moved in and he is a Music < PROPMALE > !!! 
So I am on hold with the IT services with the University and they have \Moonlight Sonata\ " it is the WORST recording I have ever heard ! It is < PROPFEMALE > sad . It sounds like a dyeing animal ... Doing doing doing doing doing doing . " 
First day back and he is already slamming the doors ! 
Somebody keeps messing with my phone . 
Telling me how you feel about a problem is one thing , going behind my back is something I am not ok with . Especially when you know the problem is getting fixed in the near future . 
Door knocking for the hockey game tonight . Anyone who wants to help round up students meet in the East Hall Lobby at 2:30 . 
I have to say that tonight's Anchorage Symphony Orchestra concert was probably their best yet of the season ! 
Breakfast at < PROPFIRST>'s!! Cinnamon Rolls + cream cheese frosting = YUM ! 
Seawolf Thunder Practice tonight !! 
I think it's funny that housing is paying to have our streets and parking lots scraped and plowed down to the pavement when it is supposed to be snowing for the next 3-4 days . 
It's snowing !!!!! There is just one problem ... It isn't snowing hard enough . :-( 
So the forecast says that it's supposed to be snowing for the next 6 days ... and it has supposed to be snowing for the last 3 days .... Where is all the snow they keep talking about ? 
CAN'T SLEEP !!!! 
GRRRR !! My cellphone keeps dropping calls today . Can I have an iPhone for my birthday ?!?!? 
It's gonna be another long night . 
Please don't call me till tomorrow afternoon . Trying to catch up on sleep . 
Is getting very excited !! 
If I were to be stuck on an island , the one item I would want to have with me is an iPod touch . Using the satellite receptors , I would be able to download the GPS app . From there , I can do just about anything . I would start by building a solar powered electric generator ( so I can recharge my iPod Touch . ) Then keep going to build my own private mansion . The power of technology ! :-) 
My bedroom light is starting to flicker and it's really starting to annoy me 
This country's lowest standard of education lies in the occupational field of politics . 
Why am I still up ? 
Ugh !!!! I can't sleep but I really need to . :-( 
ok , lets try this again .... sleep ? Maybe ? 
I am heading into a phone conference soon . Please do not call me . Those in SWT and need rides should contact the other team mates to get a ride . Thanks !! See you at 5:30 ! 
My Mom just got facebook ! We should all be so proud of her !! lol 
is really needing a haircut . Low cost but good quality . Anyone have any recommendations ? 
Got a parking citation e-mail . Haven't been out to my car to check .... But I have a feeling it's because the permit print out is expired but the real permit has not arrived in the mail yet . The name \Parking Services\ " should be changed to something to the effect of \ " Parking Screw Ups \"." 
ugh ! It's going to be one of those days .... 
Why are so many people online when they should be at the game ? 
WOW !!! So that parking citation I got ... The appeal was approved , however they are blaming me for not having the actual permit on my windshield when they don't even have record of sending it in the first place . So now they are requiring me to come in to the office and start the process over again . Parking \services\ " my rear end ! " 
To all of those politicians out there ... Ask your self this . What is the future of your community worth to you ? I don't care how long you plan to be in office . If our children ( our future leaders ) aren't adequately educated due to poor funding , there will be NO future for the community your currently serve . So for the supposed goal of 100% student success , fund 100% to the cap ! 
hmmmm I think I should probably start packing for my trip tomorrow :-P 
Going to get some breakfast and on my way ! 
at the airport .... waiting .... waiting .... waiting some more . lol 
Ok , not so bored anymore ... They just announced over the < PROPFEMALE > that someone left their WEDDING DRESS in one of the terminals . hahahaha 
Still waiting ... woman running around looking for her wedding dress ... boarding the plane , talk later . HAHAHA this is entertaining ! 
I made it to Bellevue . All checked in . 
MENC-NW conference here we go ... Day one ! 
What an amazing day !! Advocacy workshop , band reading session , conference kickoff , and happy hour at an < PROPFEMALE > Pub !! 
boarding in an hour .... can't wait to get home !!!! 
Ok , seeing that UAF just scored twice in a row .... my guess is that they pulled Gundi out in hopes that they will make a shot . 
Good luck to the ASD high school musicians ... District Solos & Ensembles today . Later , GO SEAWOLVES !!!!!! Tailgate party starts at 5:30 . Game starts at 7 . And trust me , you DON'T want to miss the beginning !! :-) 
the food tastes actually good . The commons did well tonight . 
thinks that if you are not at the games tonight and you don't have class , you must not be a Seawolf . 
Last test today , Ididerod tomorrow morning , Homeshow tomorrow afternoon , and then going home to Kenai ! 
Ugh ! so my car won't start for some reason this morning . It sounds like a battery problem , but nothing was left on . What is it with me and car batteries ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is in the emergency vet this morning :-( 
Leaving to Kenai for the week . 
Good to be home ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Gump . Good movie ! 
UGH !!!! Slow internet , Why do you even exist ? 
Northern Lights and a shooting < PROPFEMALE > !!! This is the reason I choose to stay in Alaska ! 
Back in Anchorage and really want to go for a walk around the Coastal Trail and maybe do some geocaching . Anyone want to tag along ? 
What seasonal allergies are around this time of year ? I have been sneezing a lot . hmmmm 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Ugh ! Why am I not tired ? it is 3:30 in the morning ... I need sleep but for some reason my body doesn't want it tonight . 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !!! 
Going into a phone conference with AMEA , please don't call or text until after noon . Thanks ! 
Mid-semester room checks today ... I guess I better do some cleaning . 
It snowed a few inches last night ... instead of plowing it , the university decided to \sweep\ " it instead . LOL ! " 
