If only the truth were easy to come by and my faith wasn't tested and if i didn't break away from my morals and stand what i want and believe to be right and wrong ...... maybe i wouldn't let the little things and people that don't matter bother me . 

love is aways an answer to everything because to attack someone will cause nothing but problems and the last thing anyone needs is drama 
...... sleep ........ 
sometimes it takes a slap in the face to wake you up . 
it was a good birthday and omg i am 20 
oh my brain is mush and i am so confused about life and what i want now >:*( 
Life goes on but the last thing i need is to feel bad about myself when I am worth so much 
bored out of my mind and i am so sick of bs 
maybe it's not a knight that i need to come save me . Maybe all i need is me . 
wow what a world .... I think i'm going insane 
living good living well and in a good mood 
I so hate stupid people 
Moving in tomorrow ... well big bad world lets see how I do ..... :P 
Has a smile on and is living life 
all smiles :) 
clean , work , come home and sleep sounds like fun fun fun 
wooooohooooo day off tomorrow i'm so happy :) 
sometimes i wonder why people have no respect for each other 
oh i'm so tird 
i don't want to work anymore i am so burned out :( 
oh man ... perfection i am not but knowing the imperfects I have makes me one step closer to being perfect 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised . 
OOOOH well then 
bored ... confused ..... lonely 
i feel like running into a wall head first ....... wish things would slow down for two seconds 
* giggles * sometimes i wonder if putting up a status is a good thing or not :) lol 
so i have written four statuses now ...... my boredom is getting to me 
wooohooo Open in the morning up at 5 YAY ......... NOT 
<3 
opened today open tomorrow off at 2 woohoo i'm free for the rest of the day 
37.5 hours at subway this coming week and more than likely more ahhhhh they should just set me up a bed in the back and call it my home 
:) relaxed 
ahhhhh what to do ??? 
i'm hungry and don't really know wht to eat .... 
yummmm chicken pasta salad but now i'm not so hungry lol 
home and work fornin hours tomorrow 
well then i ment to say home and work tomorow for nine hours 
best mood ever i don't understand how i can be so happy lol but am 
I got my phone back ..... saddly the contacts are not in it so if you want to talk send me a txt or call 765-543-9567 
my head hurt my back hurts my legs hips and throat hurt i hate being sick and having to work for 11 hours 
oooohhhh me oh my i wanted to go to bed an hour ago 
home from work woohoo 
sweet day off i made baked chicken and mixed vegetables and spinach for dinner it was yummy 
Bored as hell should be cleaning but i don't think i will lol ....... but i should and might 
Sometimes I wonder if they do this to me because they know I won't say anything because I want the hours ...... but now I am dog tired and I have to get up at 5 now 
OMG >>>>>>>> @-'- , --- 
The way to happiness ..... no one knows but all I have to say is ....... I am very happy today ... and that folks is great . 
Being up till 7:30 am when you got up at 6am the morning before is not a good idea 
Nothing to do and I'm very bored :( not cool 
Going to bed work in the morning idk what i'm going to do ....... 
People are funny .... I'm still confused as to what I did to make a woman act like she was better than me ...... must be the subway uniform or maybe the fact that I'm not a total B **** 
Oh my what a world I live in ...... sometimes things are just so strange the way they work out even if it's not how you want it to ...... so happy to be me 
sometimes ....... 
So in the end you can knock a witch off her broom but you know duh of course she is cunning enough to get back on 
drained of all life ...... working like i do is not cool ..... so if you work like i do or harder i'm so sorry 
i'm working to the point of death .... but it's a good thing 
Sick ... blah 
When life is hard smile because sometimes it's the only thing needed to change your whole mood .... but for me music singing a song changes my mood and relaxes me so turn the radio up because it's been a long day 
I have a day off tomorrow HOORAAAAY 
I am awake and I need to get ready for the day 
Life isn't perfect but there are some moments that make you step back and say wow look at all that I have accomplished 
I have no energy for anything anymore .... isn't it sad 
:) i don't think i'm evil ...... maybe hummmmm 
hmmmmmm ...... maybe .... no never mind 
ok then what to do today ... apartment is clean room is clean work tomorrow laundry ..... ummm that can wait lol ..... oh Bejeweled blitz it is 
thinkinking I work six am I sleep for an hour wake up at five only to find I don't open I'm in at nine shower and a nap here I come 
how is it something so beautiful can be so frightening and dangerous 
I am grumpy frustrated amd I really just need a nap 
work was crazy not busy everyone was cracking me up 
I'm feeling a little lonely and depressed right now and I don't know why because I'm sitting in a room full of people 
I must say I love the subway I work at and the people in it 
worked all day but tonight I'm going out with my bff and hanging at a bonfire 
life is good ... I'm happy to be me and well if people don't like that then that sounds like a personal problem 
why do guys have to be so confusing 
I hate being sick 
this is weird 
work till 2 ...... can't wait for the lunch rush .... idk why but they are fun to me 
my poor back is killing me the pain brungs tears to my eyes 
day off just chilling with friends come on over if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out 
I am sleepy 
have you ever wondered why you do what you do 
just chilling at home 
life is hard .... but life is harder when you make it harder and do stupid things 
I'm taking a nap 
life is a strange thing sometimes ...... 
wooooohoooooo 
my wishes and dreams seem to be changing I'm not as focused as I used to be and I have lost all motivation . 
omg ...... I want cheese cake 
cleaning the old apartment ..... alone :-( I'm bored 
I have no selfestem even if I pretend to I live a lie and I don't know how to change it and just be myself 
looking around at all the sleeping people ..... what's keeping me up at night 
kinda shitty to get yelled at for not calling on mothers day when said person hasn't called or seen me on my birthday sense I was 16 
life is a great adventure 
work from 6-7 now I'm to awake to sleep ..... hummmmmm .... breakfast cooking time 
feeling alone ..... if I only had a friend 
wow he was married the jerk was married 
alone as usual 
off work tomorrow 
hot weather wonderful ac is on today 
the kids upstairs sound like the claw aliens in Toy Story 
I want something back ill never get but oh well what can you do 
wow I hate sleeping all day because now I'm up 
so tired long day swimming movie cook out it was awesome 
just chillin ' 
I wish and pray for the best in mankind 
spending the day with momma and nate 
wondering if life could be any weirder 
home from work just going to relax 
I wonder what my life would be like if I came first 
got everyone out of the house for once and i am so liking the quiet 
thank you < PROPFEMALE>'s mom 
long day at work but it was kinda nice 
Nap cook dinner then well oh I'm tired 
Life .... 
So tired day 6 of 8 ... 8 hour days done .... need ...... to ........ sleep 
I don't get it sometimes 
Day off woohoooo lol plus cousin is in town 
Cousin rayln is home to visit spending my time off with her 
Well I'm totally in shock 
Going to walk around the taste 
Good things come to those who wait 
Little bro driving me around 
I just turned 21 .... this is crazy I'm getting old 
Spending time with the fam ... cake ice cream happy bday gpa and happy late bday to me lol 
tired and bored waiting for a phone call ... sigh 
Ok back to work :-) I was starting to get bored 
had a great day i just love working 
I need a life .... well a different one 
Beautiful ..... I'm on subway over load but I guess if you can't do it right quit or get fired and I'm not doing either so best subway employee award here I come 
I'm about to have most teenage girls in the world hate me but < PROPFIRST > Pattonson is a horrible actor 
Well if you know of any place hiring let me know just for fired for not throwing away bread and not taking temps 
Totally trying to just relax anf forgot the bs that my life is 
Puppy sitting she's so cute I wanna keep her sucks I don't have a job 
Cleaning Tabi's house and having a blast doing it drinking and singinjg into the broom 
I'm so at Indiana Beach with the fam .... text it 
With my besty Tabitha ..... I love her she cracks me up .... but today she isn't feeling so hot . :( 
I so need my bed right now 
Talk about anact of kindness .... food and gas paid for ....... just shows you there are still kind strangers in the world 
With tabi ... duh I love my besty 
life is funny it takes some of the strangest turns 
Working out at my Aunt Mag's house ... txt or call the cell if you need me 
Pickles and milk ?.... yea sweet pickles not dill ..... oooo : \\ 
Just got a job at super pantry ...... wooohooo record time for me only 2 weeks and 5 days without a job 
Work ove off to the pool with tabi 
Life is getting more confusing by the day 
Possible doing something I shouldnt 
Feeling sick have been all day slept 3 to 10:45 and going back to bed 
Who knew working at a truck stop would be such fun lol 
I have a date Saturday ... what am I going to do ... I'm so nervous 
I had a dream that felt so real I don't know what to think of it 
Oh well I'm bored out to the bar with my girl tabi 
I feel horrible :-( 
Its been a day ... have you ever been with those people that just put you down and make you feel like you do nothing right well I just spent 8 hours with one 
Just got done watching movies with a guy I'm really liking 
Work until six fun fun 
I've found a guy that I'm atually liking and feel 100% comfortabl with and am starting to really care for 
Awwww he is coming by to see me after work I'm so happy :-) maybe this will bring me out of this mood I've had all day 
I wish I could have a new life 
Work 10 to 6 went to bed at 6am tired as hell ready for a nap 
I so love my Tabi 
4am is to early to be up hour drive is to far to work and 6am is too early to clock in 
Home from work relaxing then babysitting my cousins boys at 6 then more than likely the cactuse with friends 
He makes me smile he makes me laugh and I am scared to admit that love may have come when I'm not quit ready for it 
So want a nap but I have things to do :-( 
Sometimes we can mistake lust for love how do you know if your in love or in lust ? 
What do you do when a guys a jerk when he is drunk 
So I guess the best I can do in life is live and let live 
What a great night movies at home with the guy in my life and then took a nap together so sad he had to go home :-( 
Shut ya face ...... hehehe 
Can't find a ride to work idk what I am going to do :-( 
My baby is coming over :-) 
Hanging at home with my guy 
Tired .... but not ready for bed 
Waiting around to go to work at 4 joy I'm there until 11 tonight that really sucks 
( 1/3 ) This day sucks so bad ..... I had to work on my day off I got stuck putting away a truck all by myself and bag in box and freezer stuff I've fallen on soap 
( 2/3 ) I had to clean in the mens bathroom I shattered my toenail and broke my fingernail to the bed it bleeding cut my hand and my bf gets to see my best friend 
( 3/3 ) without me and it really sucks because I miss them both 
Today has been a better day spent time with my brother and my mom and then me and Nate went out for lunch and now my baby is coming over 
I hate allergies I wanna sleep all day and not go to work because I can't breath and my vision is fogged 
The police never think its as funny as you do 
:( 
Another long work day over tomorrow the register screams my name ..... the joy of 36 hour week 
Going to work 1 to 7 then out with < PROPFIRST > then possibly to my mommy's 
Good golly miss < PROPFEMALE > my dads a talker ..... do like an unfinished bottle of wine and put a cork in it 
at home relaxing 
I'm not going to get to see my guy tonight ...... :-( 
Hanging with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > hella yea party 
Are you fucking stupid ................. I just want some tea man 
Spend the night with eric ....... he is so cute lol 
I missspending time with my mom I can't wait to see her tonight even if it is for a < PROPFEMALE > 
I got left at home alone :( I don't feel good so < PROPFIRST > went ahead and went out and partied on a Fridaynight 
im bored ....... idk what to do 
Christmas was so simple yet so amazing . I worked was with good company . I < PROPMALE > out and played rummy with < PROPFIRST > at dads . Then I went to moms and played cards with mom < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > my new dad had a blast and I'm back at work . 
Had a nice relaxing day . I haven't looked at my phone all day and now I'm going to chill at home with dad and the bf . 
sitting at home just got off work dad is upset :( idk why hope everything is ok 
I wonder how you feel about me ? I wish you would talk to me . 
WHAT THE HELL I'M NOT A CANCER ANYMORE ..... IM A GEMINI ?????? 
so bored I worked until 7am and now i can't sleep thank you < PROPFIRST > the bed hog sleep in the middle of the stinking thing why don't you ? 
Sad angry ....... drinking 
Laying in bed ..... i'm in so much pain i am just going to go back to sleep 
I can't sleep ...... sad really seeing as I have to be at work tomorrow moning by 7am woooohooooo 
Feeling lonely and sad idky there is no reason to be 
I hate fighting I'm just stressed and frustrated I need to get out of the house and away from everything we need to I don't know what to do to make myself happy 
