Im usually not a morning person but this summer I totally am cuz otherwise its too stinking hot to do anything ! 

going swimming and to see eclipse anyone want to come ? Bayarea tomorrow ... oh how exciting .... 
Just saw Eclipse really good movie even though my butt was so sore cuz it was kinda a long movie . lol oh my gosh i cant believe its already july this summer is going by way too fast , theres so many things I still want to do this summer . 
hope everyone has an awesome and safe 4th of july weekend ! :) 
family , fireworks , beach , and six flags . this weekend sounds like so much fun ! 
six flags was amazing ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was so much fun yet so cold ! fireworks were awesome ! now to class i go .... ugh reality ... 
it feels like today is going to be a great day and I am so excited for it ! 
Hey everyone I am selling Avon products . Anyone interested plz let me know I have a bunch of really cool products on sale right now . 
why do some ppl feel they have to have drama in there life ? 
crossing my fingers and hoping everything goes well ! 
completely amazed at how one person can impact someone's life in so many ways 
so excited for this next school semester ! it will be so much fun ... college volleyball here i come :) 
so excited for everything that is to come ! 
Crossing my fingers for getting a job I need one so bad . 
So excited < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow fun fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has been a blast ! Hotel on the beach I can walk to the boardwalk and wharf . I literally could sit here forever listening to the waves . 
Some ppl are just lame that's all there is to it :( 
Kinda tired of the nonsense some ppl have in their life . 
I have decided I don't care how old I am I still love back to school shopping ... when I don't have to pay lol ! 
I've decided there are bigger and better things , people , and places to see in life . And what I want with my life might not make the world happy but I'm smiling and that's all that matters . =) 
I think today should be a day to catch up on life ... :) 
Aced my summer classes super excited ! It wasn't too hard since it was ceramics and a fitness class ! Lol 
It is absolutely amazing to me what some girls will do for a tip ! Lol 
So far this year I've learned to not make friends with people who try and flatter u . History shows they always have a hidden motive . 
So excited for school next week . It's ridiculous books need to be so much money ! 180 just for my math book ! 
Swimming sounds like a good idea for today anyone want to go ? 
It is easy to despise what u can not get and take advantage if what u already have . 
Can't wait to get away this weekend ! So excited :) 
I think I want to do something new with my hair . Any ideas ? 
I thought the weather is supposed to cool down the closer we get to fall not heat up ! Ah ... totally frustrated 
I have decided out imperfections are what make us perfect and gives us our personality . :) 
Went to the dentist for a check up came out with laser surgery done ! :( 
Get to see a bunch of my family this weekend so excited ! I don't get to see them enough ... :) 
Finally it's cooling off ! Hopefully not too much for this weekend 
Sunburnt and tired ... had such a fun weekend with my family 
Uh .. Walking around the college the day after jet skiing ... Not the brightest of ideas but I'm living through it :) 
Love love love my new haircut !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 
I don't understand how ppl can walk around in high heels on this campus ! 
I have a feeling today will be great ! :) 
Seriously ... All I can say is wow !!! 
... I think I am becoming a facebook addict ... no bueno ! :) haha 
... need to find a job REALLY bad ! Any ideas anyone ? 
Woot woot ! 
... why are some people simply pointless to have involved with my life while others are more valuable then anything in the world ? 
... so much to catch up on and so thankful I actually have the time to do it ... 
So happy all caught up ! Finally can relax ! 
I guess I will look on the bright side at least walking to my classes will whip my butt in shape ! :) hope today stays cool like it is now 
Dear all you crappy drivers in the world , drive better or get off the road ur endangering the ones I love ! If u want to try and be bad ass then do it at home cuz hitting others is far from bad ass ! 
.... seriously grow up and be the better person this is ridiculous .... 
... there is not enough room in life for hate and anger so why do people hold onto it for so long ... our hearts are ment to love not hate :) 
Rain plz plz come so I don't have to wash my dirty truck ! :) 
... I think I need a girly day ... :) 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week and ......... this is in honor of all those kids 
It's amazing to me how much power one person has ... Kindess truly is contagious :) 
Seriously it's like perfect out ... cold enough to be bundled up but < PROPFEMALE > out weird ! :) 
... just whatever ... I don't even care anymore ... 
... catching up on this week and getn ready for the week ahead ... :) 
It's kind of amusing how some people have facebook posts like every ten mins ... =] 
..... my friend has weiner pups for sell they are super cute anyone interested ? they should be ready in a few weeks ....... :) 
..... totally and completely officially hate computers !!!!!! sitting here fillling out applications for an hour and a half and no proof of it ... what good is a save button if it doesnt save anything !? ='( 
So excited ... life is going the way I want it to ! =) 
super weird how things turn out for the best .... it amazes me who some ppl will hangout with .... WOW !!!!!!!! 
i wish my next class would hurry up and get here .... im way too tired to hangout here . 
Honestly I dont know if I should be upset or thankful that this happend ...... I think I will look on the bright side and be incredibly happy and thankful ........ =) 
camping trip with the family this weekend should be interesting but fun ...... :) 
blah .... chicken noodle soup and staying in my bed all day ......... I wish i felt better .... 
I feel like I am running around with no direction what so ever today ........ so much to do and so little time until my class starts ...... and some things I simply hate being patient for ! 
FINALLY all caught up with my classes .... plus I have A's in like all of them I could get used to this feeling ! =) 
today is my friday and im so thankful for it ! :) 
hmmm ........ what to do tonight ? 
had an amazing day with kale ...... so looking forward to what happends next in life ! :) 
....... two cups of crazy and a sprinkle of kookoocachoo ...... ah i love that movie :) 
wishes DO come true ! :) 
i never thought sunday could be that fun ! :) 
i love it when i have a busy week and at the end of it i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with the ppl i love the most ! amazing ! :) 
hopefully more good news is on its way to me !!! :) 
Hot hot hot ! :) swimming sounds amazing right now ! 
Yes almost done with classes for the day ! Did REALLY great on my assignments ! I feel totally accomplished :) 
crossing my fingers everything goes well today .... excited for the weekend ! ah so much to do i love it ! :) 
... Yes finally ... that would be my second step in the right direction ........ things are looking amazing they are coming together better than i thought ...... :) 
Amazing I got so much done today ! :) 
i totally love the feeling of looking forward to something that doesnt happen when I expect it to ... haha NOT ...... boo !!!!!!! :( 
I guess the bright side is I'm still living a pretty wonderful life ! :) 
seriously ... what part of NO do some people not understand ? ah life .... gotta love it :) 
.......... to sum things up , i love it !!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Note to self strawberry protein shakes taste disgusting !!!!!!!!!!! 
Love it ! Rain plz stay and storm some more ! 
I totally love it when things work out amazingly ! 
Finally get to work again !!! Woohoo !!!! :) 
Ok seriously when did mullets become so popular ? I've seen too many mullets today :) 
things are starting to get to the exciting part now ! :) its all so perfect im wondering if its real ! 
... I'm so anxious to find out what will happen .... it all seems so surreal ! :) 
Drams is like clouds when it's gone everything seems brighter ! 
finally everything is coming together ! im so excited for the next few months to come ! :) 
catching up cuz next week is going to be super busy !!!!!!! I'm learning the more positive you are about your life the more positive things happen in it , right now I'm incredebly grateful ! :) 
oh juicy perfume how i love you sooooo ! :) 
Yay keep the good news coming plz ! :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... whoisn't perfect but is perfect for YOU ... who works hard and would do anything for YOU ... that makes YOU laugh ... who is your best friend ... who YOU want to grow old with ... and who YOU are thankful for everyday ! Re-post ! ILY ? 
... i cant decide if today is wonderful or just simply irritating ! i really wish a break in school would hurry up and get here ! it is very much needed ! :) 
... looks like today is turning out better then I thought 
I never thought of toyotas as gangsta trucks but hey I guess u can lower anything and make it look terrible ! :) 
It would be amazing if I could have one day with nothing planned to do ! :) 
Why has chivalry disappeared ? I do not like this at all ! 
finally some down time ... it will AMAZING to be able to have a day to simply regroup ! :) 
Seriously don't want to be in class today ! Hopefully I will learn something I don't already know ! lol 
Blah ! Overwhelmed and totally impatient right now ! 
one more step closer ! and i would be completely estactic if this semster could just end already ! it seems like it just keeps going and going ! :) 
some people just simply need to learn enough is enough , and I am on to bigger and better things in my life without them ! :) 
... super excited for this entire month !!!!!! :) 
i wish SEPHORA would just open a store in sonora already ! i really need stuff from there but dont want to drive or go online to get it , haha how lazy ! :) 
... one more step closer , i am becoming estatic with all of this ! :) 
It's amazing how it can be storming but my day still has sunshine in it bcuz of you 
Life is amazing ! :) 
so excited , but i need more boxes for packing really bad ! :) 
It's the little things in life that are amazing and make me smile ! :) 
I'm crossing my fingers hoping everything goes well ... If I stay positive everything is supposed to work out right ? 
today is like my friday and i am super excited ! kinda sux that i have so much to catch up on tho .... :) 
why does all the useful information come in life when u have already been through when you really could have used it ... life works in funny ways some times i think :) 
I totally love this weather ! But it's giving me some crazy ideas :) 
One word to describe today ..... spastic ! 
I totally wish that ppl would realize that when it starts snowing on the road they need to slow down and pay attention , not think i need to get home fast ! 
Last night was simply amazing ! I am so thankful for the people in my life right now I love them all so much . Now to catch up on everything before finals week is here ! :) 
I wish today didn't have to be so busy ! Oh well I guess it's better than not doing anything :) 
I totally love outspoken idiots who are inconsiderate of others opinions ... totally make class way better ha not :( 
It's amazing what some people give up to make another person they love happy .... :) 
Going to be a busy day ! Cant wait till the end of this month ! :) 
Why do I get sick right before finals ?! This sux 
Dear facebook , \ 
I totally am not liking how everytime i get on the computer to do school work some how you suck me in and make me lose track of time ! 
I love it when I register for my classes and get every one that I wanted ! :) 
I seriously wish whatever I'm sick with would just go away already . I'm tired of having no voice ! :) 
Totally love how people put false information on there facebook .... Get real literally ! 
I'm counting down ... only like three more weeks left ! This new year is going to be amazing I have a feeling 
Found my truck keys on rileys dog bed I think he doesn't want me to go to class . If only my teacher would accept the excuse my dog took my keys so I can't come to class :) 
surprised that its not my finals stressing me out but my scholarship application ! :) 
Counting down the days ! Estatic for what's about to happen ! :) 
Ya last day of finals ! Scholarship application due ! Today should be relaxing after I leave school today ... :) 
registered for my classes , almost done with finals , scholarship app done .... ya christamas is almost here !!!!! GOODBYE STRESS !!!!! :) 
I'm starting to think i have angels following me that's the only explanation for it ! :) 
Time seems to be flying by right now everything seems surreal ! :) 
Sometimes I wish I was a bear and could just hibernate in my home not having to deal with the world ... now that would be relaxing ! :) to bad reality has me so incredibly busy ! 
I'm amazed at how busy this semester is already and it's only the second day ... ah starting to stress out now ! 
Never say never ! Wohoo here I go !!!!!! :) 
Half way through my fourth class today one more to go then I get to go home !!!!! :) 
This year i am determined to learn how to garden ... Any tips please do share bcuz I have a feeling this will turn out interesting ! :) 
:) yay ! Whoever said there was no such thing as a money tree lied ... I found one and it's amazing ! 
dilemma ... every car i find that i absolutely love is absolutely out of my price range ! it would be awesome if a miracle would just happen and i can figure out a way to get the car i want , because my trucks gas mileage sucks ! 
I am determined that before I graduate college i will be on the deans list ! 
Sometimes u just have to force urself to put everything down and relax ... :) 
I totally love waking up and hearing nothing outside but the quite sound of geese and horses :) it makes my day so much better already ! 
It would be wonderful if my two jobs and being a full time student would ease up so I can find some time for fun :) 
I totally wish that girls who dye their hair blonde would quit using the excuse \i'm stupid because I'm blonde hahaha\ " really us naturals are actually pretty smart . so it's not ur hair it is simply u being stupid quit making excuses for ur stupidity ! Thanks ! :) " 
Falling down let's us learn what we need to know in life ... so why must people get so upset when we fall , instead they should be proud that we learned the lesson needing to be taught on our own . :) 
I'm incredibly thankful ! All that studying paid off ! I got a B on my biology test and was only a couple points off from an A ! :) 
All the makeup someone may wear , brand names they may have , and money in the world can not make someone beautiful . It is truly what we have inside of us and how we show it to the world that reflects our true beauty ! :) 
totally adorable ! i am learning that our new puppy is a snow fiend ! she is running around our yard trying to attack every single snow flake that falls :) 
It would be lovely if out power would go back on , roads would stop being icy , and trees would get themselves off my house ! :) 
So happy that 16 hour day at work is behind me ... :) 
I woke up this morning thinking today is going to be wonderful ! So far my biology test has been postponed and the sun is out :) so happy ! 
when life gives you a speed bump approach it fast get air and have fun ... ;) 
And my day just became so much less stressful ! :) 
I totally thought we were done with snow .... Well hopefully people don't drive as idiotic as the last storm . :) 
Starting to feel the stress with working and school . Schedule is crazier then hectic ... I wish i could find time to simply sit and not get behind on anything ! Ah relaxation where are you ? :( 
< PROPFEMALE > is amazing I love it ! :) 
Grape but practically banana ! :) 
Hmmm ... the endless opportunities life has available for me are wonderful ! Now what to do 
The glimpse of a blue sky keeps me hopeful ! :) 
Thinking about selling my truck anyone interested ? 
New bed .... :) I am in love ! 
yay counting down the days till i go to Reno !!! spa and volleyball i think yes it will be amazing ! atlantis here i come ! :) 
:( no bueno ! Why must all the difficult decisions have to come when I am stressed out already !? 
