facebook is starting to piss me off . i only get half the mobile txts that i'm supose to and it hasn't accepted a txt status update for over a week now . 

Why is everyone complaining about school starting tomorrow ? Its not like you have anything better to do . 
8:00 a.m. classes suck 
who ordered the rain in Crookston ? 
hates writing papers 
Facebook Experiment : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
“Cogito Ergo Sum”- Descartes 
The Heaten , sisters annoining friends , are finally gone :D 
Hates doing papers on old peoples old way of thinking . aka philosophy 
let me out off here !!! 
cu ? i cùng th ? c hi ? n v ? i kinh t ?. Hurray , m ? t mãi mãi . Tôi d ? ch nó ch ? cho b ? n 
I'm back from my camping trip 
is really sick of econ hw . wishes his headache would go away . any suggestions on how to solve these problems . 
needs a break from exams . i really want tomrrow to go away . all its doing is giving me stress 
How long till december ? I want my 1 month of vacation 
My microecon class was canceled today woohoo 
is writing a 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper for philosophy that is due tomorrow and has a case of writers block . fml 
has to do hw . anyone want to do it for me ? 
Just out that < PROPFIRST > Q . is most likely coming back to camp this summer ong a class trip doesn't take to long . woohoo 
just got f***ed over by an anat and phys exam . A 64% which is a D . oh well the next exam i will be more prepared and it is over stuff i know a little about . 
Has today completely off 
I just finished my HW finally . Woohoo 
There's a hate inside of me like some kind of master I tried to save you , but I can't find the answer I'm holding onto you , I'll never let go I need you with me as I enter the shadows - RED Can anyone guess the song ? 
is now officially a eagle scout . 
tonight is going to be the night from hell . Sisters friend is staying the night . just kill me now 
Work tonight Woohoo just the way i went to spend my saturdays . * sarcasm * 
My eagle scout court of honor will be November 20th at the Fisher High school auditorium . it will start at 4'o'clock . If you have questions on how to get there let me know . 
A company Always on the run A < PROPFEMALE > Its the rising sun I was born A shotgun in my hands Behind the gun I'll make my final stand - what song is this ? 
just found out that the lab practical that he has been studying for the last couple of days is not today but next week . FML 
O Fortuna velut < PROPFEMALE > statu variabilis semper crescis aut decrescis < PROPFEMALE > detestabilis nunc obdurat et tunc curat ludo mentis aciem egestatem potestatem dissolvit ut glaciem Sors immanis et inansi rota tu volubilis status malus vana salus semper dissolubilis , obumbrata et velata michi quoque niteris ; nunc per ludumdorsum nudum fero tui sceleris . Who is the composer ? I'll give you a hint this song is in latin 
Interesting , i am not fond of the new news feed . I really don't want to know who becomes friends on facebook and i can't update my status from my homepage . 
ACTs tomorrow , not looking forward to it 
FB is starting to piss me off 
is watching transformers 2 
just took my lab practical and i don't feel to good about it . i knew like 5 questions off the top of my head . 
doesn't have his 8 o clock class tomorrow woohoo 
change of date on my eagle banquit , it will be on saturday nov . 21 at 4 o clock 
doesn't want tomorrow to come . at least not 12-1 tomorrow 
is listening to pandora and trying to et ready for a friqin econ presentation 
so yeah was going along wih presentation and my had about five slides left and the friqin proffesor stopped us because we ran out of time . not a good thing , she better not dock me cuz i had more information then i was able to cover in the period . when its supposed to be a 15-20 < PROPFEMALE > presentation and u only gi 15 < PROPFEMALE > for it it doesn't turn out good . 
The dark mistress of many , beholden to none Slips a ring of needles around your arm in an engagement Eternal engagement Never consummated . Take me under your black wings < PROPFIRST > my words and remember me . Destroyer of senses . So take as needed for the pain Another gray morning dawns across an ashen sky . My sweet demoness beckons me Ever again and again and again and again . The dark mistress of many , beholden to none 
approx . 220 days till i go back home . Deep among the pines and birches ................ haha 
had a philosophical discussion in at the oddest of time . at work , it was interesting 
so much to do so little time , philosophy paper , sociology paper , comp paper , and i need to site in my 30'06 . i woonder what will get done first haha any suggestions ? 
can't site in his 30'06 cuz they are working on the field behind the range . 
hopes that his proffesors will get there brains about them and not assign any homework this weekend . I won't be able to do it even if they do . 
did everything it said the dislike button < PROPFEMALE > said to and still doesn't have a dislike button . anyone else have this problem ? 
going to bed , goodnight 
Red dragon from the first morning of time , Red dragon of ancient depths of the mind , Rise up from the abyss of ignorance , Coil into the existence of the blind . Morning < PROPFEMALE > please bear your light , Through the day to next night . Fallen one who stole the spark , Bring it into the dark . - whats the song and band ? the first person to get it right gets a cookie jk 
who the hell thought of 8 o clock classes ? whoever they are aught to be shot 
its friday the 13 , no wonder my alarm didn't go of this morning 
getting skick of seeing no deer 
facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down together & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU actually try it , it really works ! well that's surprsing 
woohoo brain disection today 
hates being the lowet food on the food chain classes wise . try to be ahd of schedule and they thro u out of the office . since when is being early a bad thing ? 
just had a weird thought , money is the root of all evil and has been proven that many times over . currency is man made and given value because we say it has value . wars began to occur more frequently between humans and civilizations after at about the same time that currency was created . So if u follow of reason would it make sense that to find world peace all we would have to do is eliminate currency . think about it 
Today is too full , classes till 0ne and then try to write a 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper and maybe fill out some scholarships and my college application . hopefully i don't get anymore hw . 
Is debating between going to the christmas party and going to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > winter show . 
has decided that he is going to go to the christmas party . I'm looking forward to seing all the camp staff there and can't wait for the fifth now !!! btw < PROPFIRST > have you asked your parents about me staying at your place yet ? 
has now gone through his eagle banquit 
13 days 
12 days 
just shoot me now , i spent all my free time this weekend doing a paper and i just found out that it is not due till next week FML 
11 days 
i now have a myspace account so if send me some friend requests to get me started 
just got stopped in the hallway to be asked about camp wilderness . those camp jackets sure are recognizable . 
is listening to Nightwish and working on anatomy and physiology reviews . the reviews suck , what teacher grades a review i mean seriously its for practice . 
despises anat and phys reviews 
will be leaving for zorbas shortly 
has a shitload of homework to do and very little time to do it 
wants to be able to sleep sometime this week . is that too much to ask for 
I'm just a step awayI'm just a breath awayLosing my faith todayFalling off the edge today I am just a manNot superhumanI'm not superhumanSomeone save me from the hate It's just another warJust another family tornFalling from my faith todayJust a step from the edgeJust another day in the world we live I need a hero to save me nowI need a hero , save me nowI need a hero to save my life - skillet 
Beyond the horizon of the place we lived when we were youngIn a world of magnets and miraclesOur thoughts strayed constantly and without boundaryThe ringing of the division < PROPFEMALE > had begunAlong the long road , long down to the causewayDo they still meet there by the cutThere was a ragged band that followed in our footstepsRunning before time took our dreams away- who sang it ? 
is going to bed , i give up on trying to do my HW cuz i am just falling asleep at the keyboard 
you know its cold out when the first thing u feel get cold is your legs 
last day of anatomy and physiology and my sociology class :D 
my pineal gland needs to slow down its production of melatonin so that i can get some work done 
listening to pax 217 and not looking forward to the night ahead . 
is always amazed at how well those energy shots actually work , and how quickly . i just went from falling asleep to wide awake 
is still looking for something to do tomorrow evening 
Thinks that the grand forks thieves need to be caught because its making me and all the employees at cenex a little edgy 
is pissed now , i was trying to rearrange my tv and computer and when i went to unscrew the rf cable the rf connector broke off of my tv . hopefully bestbuy will exchange tvs , damn foreign producers and there flimsy building materials 
On the phone long long distance Always through such strong resistance And first you say your to busy I wonder if you even miss me . Never there You're never there You're never ever ever ever there Hey A < PROPFEMALE > bird that flies away A candle stickled flame , Hey To think I held you yesterday Your love was just a game - CAKE Thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Potucek , because of u i have this song stuck in my head 
how have we advanced ? we tear at each others with words and fist and wonder why we are no closer to global peace we give peace prizes to promoters of war . we look at ourselves as the advanced < PROPFEMALE > yet we make the same mistakes of our ancestors . we are no different then we have ever been for stoning we have electrocution hanging for lethal injection and life imprisonment for banishment whats the difference ? 
no problems getting the tv fixed , the warranty covered it . its all about how u tell them 
is burning dragons blood and ripping some nightwish albums , i am quite relaxed 
Stuck at the apartment on new years < PROPFEMALE > . Sounds like a good night to curl up under a blanket for a futurama marathon 
is curling up to a good book and burning incense . goodbye stress and the real world . wait is this the real world or am i returning to the real world ? o well i'll figure it out soon 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!!! < PROPFIRST > Brewer < PROPFEMALE > alert !! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse .. Plate # 98B351 .. Keep this going . I expect to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times . A child is in danger . COPY AND POS 
working with VONAPP is a pain in the ass 
gotta love monotone lecturers 
y am i in this class , this is stuff i learned in elementary school 
tv is back and up and running . woohoo 
occdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a word are , the olny iproamtnt tihing is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be < PROPFEMALE > the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as ..... a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
hates it when my dad wakes me up on my day off so that he can talk at me about nothing . 
this is the time of winter that southerners never see . the pure beauty of snow and ice covered trees . all they see is cold . 
my teacher isn't here yet , maybe we won't have class * fingers crossed * 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
Is debating if he is going to call in to work tonight or wait and see how the storm is tomorrow . 
can we have just a couple of statuses on here that aren't about the game plz 
I really hate my spreadsheet professor right now . She sent an email yesterday that i didn't receive till today that told us to do a quiz online due yesterday . so now i don't get those f'n points . dammit , u don't f'n expert an email to be received during a blizzard for two reasons . one when school is canceled most of us don't check it and two the internet may go down during a storm , 
is it sad that i am about thirty steps ahead of my teacher in my spreadsheets class 
finally done with homework , the professors must be getting serious again . dammit 
my dad started his new job with the border patrol today 
physics = intriguing and a pain in the ass all at the same time 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and the first entry for your name under comments 
I will be gone all weekend at a scouting function . If u need to get a hold of me call or txt me on my cell phone . if its about work i will say this b4 hand , \no \"" 
i am back from my winter adventure and i am happy to say that i survived my night sleeping outside . 
happy birthday scouting , 100 years and still going strong . 
i keep seeing ppl joining these groups about paying for facebook . these groups are scams to get your email addresses . FB will not make u pay for its services because it gets all its money thru advertising . so u can stop worrying 
is not looking forward to his physics exam 
is not liking the low visibility here 
never realized how much of a pain in the ass applying for a fafsa could be 
has had one hell of a day . first his car breaks down , then find out that the symptoms of his car most likely mean a blown engine , had to work . good news tho , it wasn't a blown engine just an idler pulley . 
officially owns every nightwish album 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT : STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE - COPY AND REPOST ! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse . Plate # 98B351 . Repost NOW ! You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew . Seriously !!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger 
i just found out that my Algebra class was cancelled . woohoo !!!!! 
\Follow your common sense You cannot hide yourself behind a fairytale forever and ever Only by revealing the hole truth can we disclose The soul of this bulwark forever and ever Forever and ever\ " - Epica " 
lovely , my few days off of work this week and i'm stuck doing physics homework 
thank god for Google . its the one thing thats keeping me sane trying to understand the concepts of physics 
can't wait for spring break 
woohoo , got results on his specialty scholarships . another $2300 in the college fund 
woohoo no spreadsheets today 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness !!! 
looks like the site Tvshack.net has been closed down . dammit 
is going tux shopping today 
got the tux ordered 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Guam 
Time to stop procrastinating and get my spring break homework over and done with 
down to my last assignment for spring break . its about damn time . too bad its physics and will take me all day . 
can't believe that spring break is over already . 
is finally 18 woohoo 
i hate colds 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart Ass 
is going gambling tomorrow , I hope i'm lucky 
' s zippo finally came 
is not looking forward to this physics test :( 
waited for a train in Fisher for 35 mins , WTH doesn't the railway realize that at 9'o'clock people are trying to get home . they should do their stuff at midnight when there is hardly any < PROPMALE > going anywhere . on the plus side my spreadsheets class was canceled 
if anyone wants to see a good april fools joke just go to google 
“The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . stone crumbles . wood rots . people , well , they die . but things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . ” ~ < PROPMALE > Palahniuk 
12 Days\\nThew 
11 Days 
10 Days 
9 days 
Just got windows 7 for seven bucks\\nThew 
8 days 
Finally peace and quiet at cenex 
one week 
Cant believe ive been up for three hrs already . Its a good thing im being paid for this\\nThew 
6 Days\\nThew 
5 days 
4 days 
3 days 
1 day , i missed a day 
Its finally here !!!!! 
had a really good time at prom last night/this morning . 
This cultural norm that says a guy has to wear a noose to be dressed up needs to go . \\nThew 
just purchased tickets to the skillet and red concert in Fargo Next month . this is going to be fun 
feels like an idiot , i thought there was another week of school before finals week haha not next week . 
now owns the movie Avatar . woohoo !!! 
would like to thank < PROPFIRST > Stai for saving his ass today . Dumb car 
feels pretty good about the Physics final he just took . it seemed a lot easier then i expected it to . 
3 finals down 1 to go 
got a new toy . A 16 gig zune hd . 
Woohoo , summer has officially started 
It could stop raining any time now , we have more than enough rain for the farmers 
The skillet/red/the letter black concert was awesome . I will be posting pics and bits evetually . 
Hate novicane\\nThew 
Is sore 
Woohoo , im heading home for the summer 
I am at my summer job now and will be there for the next 2 months . If u need to get ahold of me txt me . 
Last day of camp :'( 
misses home already 
my financial aid and scholarships just went thru . it feels good to know that i just had almost 16000 dollars just given to me 
Getting your wisdom teeth taken out sucks 
Anyone want to go to battle of the bands tomorrow night ? 
is so confused right now . 
Its going to be a really long day 
I cant believe school starts tomorrow 
First day of classes 
3 down 2 to go 
maybe its because i'm actually paying for my college now but I've noticed that i'm am getting a lot more irritated this year when my professors are reviewing stuff i learned in < PROPMALE > high . lets just move on and get to the subject that i am paying for not this spoon fed crap I've been hearing for years . 
This makes no sense . My comp 2 class is easier than my Comp 1 class was . And i even have the same teacher . I was writing papers within a week for comp 1 and i have yet to right one in comp 2 and im on week three . 
Damn , i hate when you get two great opportunities for camping clash . I have a choice of helping fill the leadership positions needed for my troop for fall camp or i can get paid to go to Camp Wilderness and help with a youth leadership retreat . decisions decisions 
Its been a long time since a Monday has hit me this hard 
Dear Rasmussen college , \ 
\ 
I obviously do not want to attend your college because i never sent you an application and i am attending a different university all together . You do not have my < PROPMALE > or even a minor in my field of study . i have been nice and told you that i don't want to attend and not to call me . From today on i will not be so nice , if you call me i will tell you whats on my mind . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Thew 
wants to go back to bed 
this is not going to be fun . i hate botany 
UMC really needs to learn to check the software they install on computers before installing it . i'm getting tired of fixing drivers . BTW IDT is not a good sound driver so don't use it . 
Camping this weekend . Woohoo !!! 
6 days to uproar !!! 
hates jealous assholes 
hates when Google things it knows better what i'm looking for then what i do . 
2 days 
Finally home !! Concert was awesome , disturbed and a7x can do no wrong . Pics and view will be up tommorow 
I hate writers block . this is the worst case I've had of it in years . 
Send a message to the unborn childKeep your eyes open for a while In a box high up on the shelf , left for you , no one else There's a piece of a puzzle known as life Wrapped in guilt , sealed up tight ~ shinedown 
Going to my first movie in like 2 months and wearing contacts for the first time in 5 months\\nThew 
Going < PROPMALE > capping at Itasca all day tomorrow !! its going to be great !! 
\I'm the kinda man that'd not harm a mouse But if I catch somebody breakin in my house I've got twelve guage shotgun waiting on the other side\ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Daniels " 
might be getting into an apartment in December . that is if all goes as the manager plans . 
now remembers why he never shaves . damn razor is sharp 
As soon as one mine collapse is resolved another must follow . I wonder how long it will take them to get the chinese miners out . 
4 days !! 
3 days !! 
2 days !! 
1 day !! 
< PROPMALE > capping time !!! 
Damn , back to the real world . cant wait to go back to the Chip this spring 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There's still no known cure for stupidity and ... sympathy does not help but we can r ... aise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy & paste 
i found a new band , new to me that is , that ppl should check out , they are pretty good . Its called \Naio SSaion \"" 
Happy halloween 
UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It's a shame we no longer do ...... for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see HOW many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone . 
i am 99.8% sure i will have an apartment December 1st . 
I hate writing oppositional papers for your own paper . its really hard not to sound sarcastic 
has an apartment viewing on monday 
Well this is a rare occurance . A sub at cenex i have never made before 
Damn its hot , it must be 80 degrees in < PROPMALE > hall 
Everything is finally falling into place 
As i predicted , comp 2 today was a total waste of time . I hate peer groups 
12 Days 
14 days 
registration should not be this difficult . 
sometimes i hate the fact that i am a sudo-sophomore . it makes intro freshman classes really boring . I already know about majors and campus services . 
Woohoo !!! all my classes have been canceled 
i'm starting to think i should have acted on my urge to skip classes today and just stay home . i don't like what i'm seeing out the window 
4 Days 
todays the day , i'm moving out of the house and into the apartment . 
Woohoo ! Im officially moved into the apt . \\nThew 
Wow , I just gave a presentation on wolf hunting and about all its negative effects on the environment and somehow i ended up getting a question from one of the audience members asking me why i was against wolf hunting when all the aspects of it are good . Are people seriously that bad at listening , i gave no positive aspects for it in the presentation . 
now has internet in his apartment 
I hate when the FFA does there stuff on campus . Its so crowded , damn HS students 
789- lets see ... Known for practically as long as i can remember , Hanging out at your and my house as kids was fun and i would love to < PROPFEMALE > out with you again sometime . It would be cool if your bro would would respond to a friend request on here so we can catch up too . 
8878- lets see ... Ive known you for a few months , You are an alright DJ . Id probably think you were better if i actually liked techno music but as it is it just gives me a headache . I hope your record is doing well and that the album cover helped it out 
Heres the deal im bored & have the urge to draw . I dont knw wht 2 draw . 1st person to comment on this post w/ the name of an animal to draw i will draw and post 
you have read my status . thats enough social interaction for today 
1 down 3 to go . Yay i never have to think about soils again 
2 down 2 to go 
last day of the semester !! 
Has a new second cousin . Hopefully its mother has got her life straitened out 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
Seriously people it is just a cup of gas station coffee . It is not something you should risk your life out in this weather for . Just stay home where it is safe . 
Thank god for longjohns and thermals . I walked to work in this crap 
i want so projects for sketching while i am at work , it makes time go faster . I will do any animal u want besides felines and k9s . just send me a message with the animal and or picture that you want sketched and i will sketch it when i have time . 
you know its going to be a good semester when one of the required materials is a compass 
can't believe that break is over already :'( 
i think i'm going to like this course . in his first few sentences he says we will do lots of dissections . yay !!! 
woohoo !!! 3 day weekend !! 
Is getting the felling he was at the base of someones new yrs resolution 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the Tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people FAT . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Re posted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same ) 
What happened to that global warming thing everyone was so passionate about a few yrs ago . 
Ongratsca ouya anca aimcla a econdsa anguagela . Isclaimorda lyona if the ersonpa ouya < PROPFEMALE > aimingcla istha ota < PROPFEMALE > an IQ evella elowba oomra emparatureta 
thinks his car may be a goner . 
I need a translator at cenex 
\We humans fear the beast within the wolf because we do not understand the beast within ourselves\ " - < PROPFIRST > Hausman " 
i definitely needed this 
gotta love growing up around trees when your taking a forestry class . twig id is so much easier when you already know the genus . 
three more hrs today , 9 hrs tomorrow . and 14 more hrs in two weeks . all for a certification i will more then likely never use . 
1 . Knowledge is Power . \ 
2 . Time is Money . \ 
Power = Work / Time\ 
Since :\ 
Knowledge = Power\ 
Time = Money\ 
It follows that :\ 
Knowledge = Work/Money . \ 
Solving for Money , we get :\ 
Money = Work / Knowledge . \ 
Thus , as Knowledge approaches zero , Money approaches infinity , regardless of the amount of work done . \ 
Conclusion :\ 
The less you know , the more you make . 
dissecting flowers is not nearly as thrilling as dissecting animals and cadavers . 
Can we plz skip over the stuff in GIS that are identical to excel . 
Thanks online chem . Now my apartment smells like rotten eggs 
R.I.P. Sock 
i hate last minute shit . 
Rasmussen college is starting to piss me off . They can't seem to take a hint 
I wonder when Dingman is going to decide he wants to teach class again . 
7 hrs of fire training today . ugh ! 
Ok fire training . I've personally used most of these hand tools before at scoutcrafts . lets move on 
going from throwing a 1/2lb knife to a 12 gram dart really throws of your aim 
so much for my perfectly quite apartment . i have someone living above me now 
bought a Zune pass yesterday . download spree here i come 
dissecting critters with exoskeletons is a pain in the ass 
I wish the children in the middle east would learn to share their sandbox . 50 Bucks to fill my car is insane\\nThew 
I wish i had a camera and some extra time this morning 
I dont get these kids . Most beautiful day so far this yr and they chose to loiter at cenex and irritate me . Wtf\\nThew 
Cenex is starting to slowly drain the life out of me . Note to self : next break plan a trip 
My car is done and its not worth the money to fix it . Car shopping tomorrow 
im kinda thinking about going to ely the week after finals to visit the wolf center . would anyone be interested to come with if i do ? carpool ? 
The new monster , rehab , is good 
They dont pay me enough for this 
finally managed to get my hands on a maximize the hormone album . damn that was harder than it needed to be 
..... Rev it up and go go , Headin to a Skynard show , Cuz I gota hear `em sing Simple Man .... ( why do i have this song stuck in my head ?? ) 
Nothing like a little open heart surgery to start off the morning . Live frog dissection woohoo haha\ 
Just what we needed . Rain , ugh 
Today is a cake day i think . \ ... You receive the federal funding you can add another wing ... \"" 
Nitrogen fertilizer , diesel fuel , and an alibie would have made me a lot happier 3oclock this morning 
Thank you forestry i now officially have a headache 
Ok seriously when did cenex become a free babysitting service ? 
happy easter everyone !! 
last week of classes !!!!! thank god 
Sorry for the spam email . Someone hacked my account and sent out a nonsense email to the people in my address book . 
If u are thinking about bidding on the fox but are unwilling to throw out a bid before seeing it , it is on display at the cenex in fisher today 
Y is it that walking in rain reminds me of camp wilderness ? 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found OBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! RE-POST IF YOU AGREE !!! 
2 finals down 1 to go for today . talk about a testing marathon 
\ ... shes pretty as a field of daises \ 
Freedom !!! for a few months at least 
I think my jaw is finally deciding to straighten itself out . 
less than a week till Ely !! 
car is loaded , GPS is set , now just to wait till tomorrow for ely :( i hate waiting 
fox drawing is sold . Woohoo !! 
Look out ely here i come 
found out today that apparently the world is going to end again on Saturday . Poor fools i will be laughing at you on Sunday . 
of course , when you put in an order for a replacment part and it gets to the point where you can't cancel it then the part your replacing decides to work . f'n converter 
going to go see Thor tonight . who wants to come with 
making homemade pizza mmm ... 
Hmm .. Well thats odd theres no mass catastrophes or people floating into the sky . You would thing a guy would get tired of being worng 
camp needs to hurry up and get here before i end up killing my boss . I'm starting to lose my < PROPFEMALE > with her bitching and stupidity 
I hate cleaning !! \\n 
There are no fingerprints\ 
Deep under water\ 
Nothing to tie one to a crime\ 
And if you seek vengeance\ 
All you need are instruments of pain\ 
You need your\ 
Knives ? Check . \ 
Rope ? Check . \ 
Dagger ? Check . \ 
Chains ? Check . \ 
Locks ? Check . \ 
Laser Beams ? Check . \ 
Acid ? Check . \ 
Body Bag ? Check . 
5 days till camp 
I leave for the summer on saturday so if anyone wants to see me before i go let me know . Otherwise ill be back in august . 
bye fisher , see you in august 
Dammit , Fisher has conditioned me . I litterally could not get to sleep last night cuz i was waiting for the train to go by . 
Im fine , im just running the forge in the mornings this week . 
Gotta love the smell of burned hair . I singed my beard today\ 
i'm back in fisher 
Ok i've had my one week to destress im ready to go back to camp now 
mmm ... aguas frescas 
making a trip to devils lake tomorrow . if you want to tag along let me know . 
that was a hell of a boring trip 
that was a great concert . 4 great bands 
Way to early to be at work . Flogging < PROPFEMALE > keep me awake . 
When I was 14\ 
I wanted to be a : research biologist \ 
I was in a relationship with : no one\ 
I was scared of : people ... lol\ 
My best friend : < PROPFIRST > Col Reaver Shoemake\ 
Like and I will give you an age ! 
\Well < PROPFIRST > 
Justsspent that last three hrs in the woods for a class . I think im going to thouroughly enjoy thhis class when it stops beeing so bloody hot out\ 
Smells like wet prairie 
So tired of looking at grass . grass is grass is grass i dont really care what fancy name u want to call it 
< PROPMALE > Berg taught me trig too well . i'm bored out of my mind in my surveying class 
having a slow-moving morning 
I actually get part of the weekend . I dont even know what to do with myself lol 
guess i need to go chew out the business office . they are not getting more of my money just because the government is taking there sweet ass time to send the payment . 
Ok , i think i finally figured out how to use fb again . if you scroll down past your \top stories\ " it has the \ " most recent\ " posts in order . its a pain but i guess i can deal with it " 
everyone who hates the new fb style listen up !! go to your account setting and change the language to English ( UK ) . it gets rid of the top stories 
woohoo , my bow is finally being shipped 
yay , we got our most recent button back 
damn our local ups guy is a moron . he apparently cant find my apartment so i have to wait another day to get my bow 
The Va finally got their shit together and paid me . About f'n time 
While goin ' the road to sweet Athy , hurroo , hurroo\ 
While goin ' the road to sweet Athy\ 
A stick in me hand and a tear in me eye\ 
A doleful damsel I heard cry , \ 
< PROPFIRST > I hardly knew ye . 
it is way too hot in the college today 
three hours and my apartment is finally clean . oofta 
is on a celtic music kick . sometimes having a zune pass is dangerous haha i have found so much new music to listen too . 
Rydell job seems promising . They seemed a little bit desperate to fill the position . 
phone is broke so if you need to contact me the best way right now is to email me or contact me on here 
needs a vacation from my vacation . the cities gave me a massive headache , there is just to many stupid people there making too much noise . 
well its official my phone is junk . brought it in to the store and the guy told me to do a system restore and if that didnt work then it needs to be replaced . so i did that and its still not working properly . 
successfully completed my first prescribed burn ever today 
got my phone today so im back up and running 
Distracting myself from my paper by looking at summer internship/volunteer options for this summer . At least its productive distraction haha . The more i'm looking at them the more i'm thinking i might try and get one overseas in Africa or Costa Rica or something like that though GVI . Has anyone on here done this or know anyone who has ? 
finally caught up on homework and have some down time . Yay i can actually work on one of my artworks , first time i've had time to draw in almost a month 
Stan : Look , my friend < PROPFIRST > won't fly back home to Colorado . All I need you to do is talk to him and tell him , ya know , that the whole talking to dead people isn't real . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Edward : Maybe it is for real . \ 
Stan : Right , but it's not . It's a trick you do , and I need you to just let my friend < PROPFIRST > know that so that he can go on with his life . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Edward : Look . People have the right to be skeptical . I really hear voices in my head . \ 
Stan : Yes . We all hear voices in our heads . It's called intuition . Get over yourself and tell my friend it's just for fun . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Edward : Look . What I do doesn't hurt anybody . I give people closure and help them cope with life . \ 
Stan : No , you give them false hope and a belief in something that isn't real . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Edward : But I'm a psychic . \ 
Stan : No dude , your a douche . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Edward : I'm not a douche . What if I really believe that dead people talk to me ? \ 
Stan : Then you're a stupid douche . 
Im ready for a nap 
Obama looked at < PROPFEMALE > , chuckeld and said \you know 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DbJsMbj9gk 
Wow that was stupid of me . I should know better than to eat a pepper that < PROPMALE > moulds gives me . Damn ghost pepper my mouth is on fire 
Someone should come keep me company at cenex . Its so fn slow 
Going to go out knife throwing later today . Around 2:30 ish . If anyone wants to join me let me know 
1/8 inch of snow on the road apparently equals drive 20 < PROPMALE > under speed limit for some people . gotta love ppl who dont know how to drive in snow 
