It was expected ....... I'm gonna be okay ..... 

guess what ? my girlfriend is hotter than yours ...... and she doesn't look like me . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Sex Appeal : -blond hair -blue/green eyes -21yrs old to my age -perfect smile -white teeth -great personality ( watch & play any sport ) -nice but not too nice -needs to be a gamer or semi-gamer -needs to be a full female -skinny/athletic -not a smok 
i dated a girl for about a month and a half and guess what ? she opened up to me and said she's a lesbian !?!? TOTALLY CONFUSED !!!!!!!!! 
how the hell do these ads no what im thinking ?! f*in creepy ! 
PSN - Sir_Glenn 
I tink I got breast cancer cuz I feel a huge bump on my left boob ....... no , wait ! That's a nacho . Sorry , false alarm . 
I'm looking for the contact info of Yasumi Matsuno . Does anyone here know his contact info ? I tried Square Enix but they said that he retired or something about quitting . It's VERY important . 
I'm feeling surprised . Some people in this world surprises me . 
Its 417 am and I'm still here at Expression doing my work . Oh look ! I'm not the only person here . Another person just came in . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... I bet he needs to do his late assignment too . What a lazy person . I hope he is not reading this cuz I'm talking about him . No , not u . Ha ha ha ....... dammit I need to get back to work cuz in 12 hours I need to turn in an assignment ....... 
OH SH*T ! He just walked passed me . I hope he didn't see anything . Well at least I'm on my third line . So no worries there . Oh no ! He's sitting two seats next to me ! And he is looking at my screen . I am going to stop typing because I think he is reading what I'm typing . Now he just looked away . I am slightly taking a peek at what .... 
. Oh sh*t ! Now he is beside me ! I think this guy is a girl because he smells like flowers ..... Yes ! It is a girl because I used my peripherals and she wasn't looking at me .... she was actually checking me out ! Does that make me gay cuz I'm sitting here typing and not doing the same .... SH*T ! 
She asked me a question ! And I'm still typing ! I am now lookin g at my shoulder using my peripher als as I am typing . S he wants me if I know Z brush and if she could borrow my Wac om , tablet . I said no and she asked me how old < PROPFEMALE > . 
I said I am 25 and she giggled . I guess she thinks I am younger than that . Damn ... she is hot ! I feel like I want to bang her right here in this classroom . She is leaving ................................ she left . Door slams . Missed my opportunity . 435 . 
is thankful I have great friends . 
today i saw a walrus . tomorrow i'll see a deer . 
Proverb of the day : A man who has friends must himself be friendly , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is real . 
How White Are You ? -- My Result : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/825/referrals/status?aid=1478183552 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy birfday ! It was the most splendid and wonderful time I had in 26 years ! So let me share you all my life story before I go back to work on my project for graduation . \ 
Before time existed , there was a cosmic explosion that released an immense amount of heat and pressure . 
The force was too intense that it needed a substance that had liquid properties infused within it so that it would slide easily without irritation and thunderstorms . As the anomaly proceeded to form its bond and concentration on its rhythmic pattern , its plasmic waves of white rays bursted into colorful lights that formed a cloudy sphere of bright orbs flashing in and out across the flickering stars of the universe . 
All the particles and energy raced away from one another at tremendous speeds . As the hot particles cooled and continued to expand into space , matter formed and the stars and galaxies of the universe were born . \ 
When I was born from out of my beautiful vessel , I was greeted by a klan member who beat the crap out of me to see if I had a voice . 
I don't remember much after that but only flashes of images of my grandmother from my mom's side that loved to take care of me before I moved to a couple of places like < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I was a military brat . My dad was in the Air Force and my mom was a Catholic but she was later converted to Christianity because of my dad . I followed a different religion before I became a Christian . 
But anyways , I was about 4-5 years old when I went to my first education class . It wasn't really an education but more like sleepy time and eating glue . I didn't spend much time in there because the teacher told my mom that I was too young and that I was too \rowdy\ " in the classroom . I looked back at this before and I remembered that my entire class including my teacher were white . " 
When I moved to Korea , I was 6 at that time , I would always play outside because there were kids that looked just like me and go to the bizarre market . After that I moved to Hahn , Germany . I loved that place . The people were friendly , the food was great , and for some reason I saw some weird crosses attached to people's arms . I didn't know what they were at that time . I also moved to Aviano , Italy . 
That place was great too . Altough I felt scared and ashamed if I visit their beaches . Europe was the first place that I experienced snow falling from the sky for the first time during the winter season . After that I would spend ( and is still spending ) the rest of my life until I would find my own life to live . That place was here , Fairfield , California . 
Ah , yes , Center Elementary school . Very nice teachers and cool classmates ! A VERY MEMORABLE TIME ! Middle school . < PROPFEMALE > West . Semi-wonderful time I had in there . 50/50 good and bad memories . I had alot of bullies in there though . It got worse when I went to high school . The school I attended was Vanden and then Tec High . ALOT of bad memories . I was a loser back then . I had no title . 
I had a few friends but I wasn't popular . Everybody picked on me . Everybody thought I couldn't make it . I was the poor sap that nobody bothered to help . I don't want to list the bullies that picked on me because it really doesn't matter anymore . I never went to prom . Nobody asked me . Yes , I asked people but they always said they were too busy . 
The next day I would hear their friends say to the ones I asked that they had a great time . My grades were failing and I didn't have enough credits to pass for graduation . I was going downhill . I had the worst depression I had ever had . I wanted to commit something horrible to myself but then I saw a shimmering light that persuaded me off from the darkness . 
I thought to myself that I bet that's what they want me to do . So I used that anger , I used that sad feeling and pursued my goal to be better than them . Whenever they would say something that would tick me off or I get discouraged , I would have to get used to it from every seconds , minute , hours , days , weeks , and months just to get through . 
I spent my remaining year in Tec High to graduate . Yes , I struggled . I did it all by myself . My greatest achievement was surviving hell . The next achievement I sought out was to do something that I would love to do for the rest of my life . Video games . I applied to Solano Community College for almost 2 years and then I applied to a very unique college that I am about to finish my studies on . 
If I pass this , then I would finally find more work . Yay ..... I mean , HUZZAH !!!!!! Thank you dear listeners for reading < PROPFIRST>'s odd and amazing life story ! Tune in next time for < PROPFIRST>'s love life next week on Monday , Apr . 1 , 2055 at 8pm EST . We hope to see you again ! Please stay tuned after these subliminal messages ! 
i bought black ops for the 360 as well as ass creed brotherhood for the ps3 and it is AH-MAY-ZING ! and then when i died multiple times because people LAG TOO MUCH , i played hangman . i purposely lost each time . it was fun . 
I heard alot of bad talk about this movie and I believed them until I decided to see it and be the judge of it . People .... I have to admit the story sucked big muffin tops but Tron is the best visual and spectacular movie I have seen so far ! If you seen the original then don't watch it but if you just wanna see it for the visual effects and dazzling scenes then by all means ! 
It is worth it . I saw it twice btw . Now I have no money =( . Yes , that's right , Asians can be poor . 
my website is working except for my reel . still updating it . \ 
\ 
www.sirglenn84.com 
and so i learned that women \secretly\ " fart in public . " 
reel will be updated sometime at the end of february . by then , i should be able to work on my next project . 
small or big world out there ..... i think i could give it my best =) . 
Ex-Flying Potatoe .... and now graduated as a Barking Spider . Class 83 . Hahaha sounds like the song , huh ? \Take me back to 1983 ! \"" 
