Doesn't know how to use or the point of facebook .... 

goin back to myspace at the moment facebook is weird , why the hell you all like it is beyond me . 
ew facebook , what a bland and boring place to be . do the world a favor and use myspace , be beautiful , be yourself . 
There is no other , there is only one . That all that truly exists in that singularity is love . 
I know you can't read this but we love you < PROPFEMALE > and we can't wait to talk to you/see you again . May only hope fill your heart . 
The concept of failure is based on someone's opinion of how you could have done . You cannot fail . 
Happy Easter Everyone !!!! WE LOVE YOU !!!!! 
I just read an article from May 22 , 2002 , stating that the pope has forgiven the children molested by preists for their sins of tempting the servants of the church . Fuck your religion you make me sick , had I the power of a God you would live forever in vile torment and eternal darkness . May the snakes devour your minds . May we children rise together and cast out the old and dying breed . Get the Fuck of MY planet ! 
Back at Fort < PROPMALE > , woopidoo 
woohoo , i can use facebook on the library computers on post . i can still talk to ya'll!!!!!!!!! 
Just play drums by a fire in the woods and be happy people , ur society is coming to a close . 
AWOL in < PROPFEMALE > Read this and understand us . Stand up for your children , especially those of you who realize this country is becoming an Imperialistic Nation . http://www.harpers.org/archive/2005/03/0080447 
The army thinks they own me . That's really all I have to say , think what you will ... 
So far I WILL be punished under UCMJ , to what extent is still unknown . I WILL be demoted most likely to private with reduction in pay . I WILL have money taken from my paycheck to cover the almost $6000 of equipment I left behind . I agree with some of this , really i'd rather just owe them money and get dishonourably discharged , to me that would be the greatest honour of my life . You'll know more when I know more . 
Skittles where r u ? lol , i'll be on again after dinner , prolly like 5:30 - 6:00 . Love you baby , say hi to davie , and chula . 
Always happy to be alive 
< PROPFEMALE > movimiento de verdad ha empezado Dejamos el imperio corrupto descuartisado Golpe de estado disparando < PROPMALE > presidente Es hora de revolucion nuevamente 
A movement of truth has begun We left the corrupt empire chopped up Coup d'etat shooting the president It is time for revolution again 
Only the army could need the weeds picked up badly enough to have a soldier pick at them by hand but not need them picked badly enough to have a weedwacker that works right . 
To the random lady who gave me the shark tooth on < PROPFEMALE > island beach . I love you , I don't know who you are , but thank you for your kindness . May you be repaid a hundredfold . May your life be long and full of health and blessings . When it comes time for you to finally leave this place may you go in a gentle and well received way . Namaste . 
Brigade Staff duty ... gee thanks a lot for goin on leave smith ! nah it's cool , i'd cover for anybody anytime , as long as it ain't a weekend . 
Relax , it's just a movie . 
People who would misplace a nuke do not belong in the army . Where the hell did I put my car .... 
just found out a bike ride to jacksonville would take about 13 hours .... i'm going to ride the bike at the gym . be back like 5:30 - 6:00 . 
At my baby's house !!!! My baby ( real baby ) was moving in there like crazy . can't wait to get paid so i can be taking care of people , maybe it'll make the army feel less like a waste of time if they start giving me some money . I got a hole in my sneaker . LOL , I waiting for my < PROPFEMALE > outside the gate and this lady could not believe i was a soldier . I'm thinkin well damn i can't either ! 
Tabby should be back in a half hour , i got a couple hits on my craigslist post , i'm lookin for a bike . Anybody know how to get one for free ? lol 
I love Photoshop ! I wish I knew more ways to use it . 
My baby wants to come out , kickin me all night ! I want to see it so bad ! 
attempting to maintain control 
Well , I'm giving my commander a letter tomorrow , explaining myself , my situation , and my expectations . If this does not change their course of actions then .... once again I will be forced to do whatever is necessary to live my life the way I feel is right . 
OK . Firstly I apologize for my insanity and any offensive thing I may have said on here . I was angry , and if you know me at all , it is not good when I am angry . Secondly , I am much better now , and I hope you will forgive me , you will all learn what I am going through in due time I am sure . Just know that it will all be ok . 
doesn't know what to say . 
Love you everybody ! 
Master Tokusan said : \All our understanding of the abstractions of philosophy is like a single hair in the vastness of space . \"" 
We think of ourselves as being definite people , unique individuals . But , at birth , within the constraints of our genetic makeup , we are capable of becoming anyone . 
I have absolutely no words to express what I feel , so I will simply say this : We win ! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA 
well its the story of the two , always on the move they got nothing left to lose ' cept their guns and their wounds now they're crossing borders sheriff's posse on their tail they'd rather die together than be stuck up in a cell they drank up all the whiskey and they partied every night like it could be the last , the bounty said to ' shoot on sight ' 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” - Jimi Hendrix 
Then shall he say also to them on the left hand , Depart from me , you cursed , into everlasting fire , prepared for the devil and his angels : For I was an hungered , and you gave me no meat : I was thirsty , and you gave me no drink : I was a stranger , and you took me not in : naked , and you clothed me not : sick , and in prison , and you visited me not . 
And although this experience is determined by what has happened in the past , through the influence of memory , who you were in the past is not who you are now . 
If you come to be yourself original let it shine . If all your friends are friends of love then they're all friends of mine . \ 
If you come to be yourself original let it shine . If your friends are friends of love then we're all friends . ~ The Dirty Heads 
How the Hopi Were Named\ 
This is a very long story , so here are the basics . \ 
When the Hopi were first created they had no name . \ 
They were created with everlasting life and placed upon the earth to live as one , spiritually . \ 
All was provided for them ; they did not work for their food , there was no illness , and they were to live forever . 
What is a friend ? A single soul dwelling in two bodies . – Aristotle 
Hey lets all dump oil in the water and try to blow up building and fight wars and screw people over and lets say it's a great thing woohoo !!! God and Country !!! Yeaaa ! Hail < PROPFEMALE > the new age nazi's!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day !!!!! 
This site is friggin awesome ! > bestofyoutube.com 
When you see into your own nature , you know who you are , you know what and how every thing and being in the world really is . From this , your action and reaction will be in < PROPFEMALE > with the whole and in situations around you . 
In trying to hold on to what’s familiar , we limit our ability to experience joy in the present . \ 
A moment can’t possibly radiate fully when you’re suffocating it in fear . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Deschene 
is everything . 
1986 ( MCMLXXXVI ) was a common year that started on a Wednesday , in accordance with the Gregorian calendar . It was designated the International Year of Peace by the United Nations . 
I can't wait to get Court Martialed !!!!!! 
tagged < PROPMALE > ! 
1.5 . Laws , Regulations and Policies . \ 
The environmental movement of the 1960's and 70's lead to the passage of several federal laws and regulations impacting the management of dangerous chemicals . -from an army correspondence course on hazardous materials . hippies fuckin rock 
is playin more war games this weekend ! 
PRAYER ALERT !!! For a FB friend's \ 
daughterAUDRIN < PROPMALE > , hold the family up in prayer today . Her two year \ 
olddaughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this \ 
post , even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post this .. to \ 
yourprofile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl \ 
( Please ... ) and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How could any mom NOT \ 
repost ? ) PRAY FORTHIS CHILD 
Rock when I rip it when I'm rollin on clouds , Shout loud breathe in won't you drown in the now ! 
Let it shine ! Why don't you let yourself shine ! 
Don't Panic ! 
A special court-martial may impose any punishment authorized under R . C . M . 1003 except death , dishonorable discharge , dismissal , confinement for more than 1 year , hard labor without confinement for more than 3 months , forfeiture of pay exceeding two-thirds pay per month , or any forfeiture of pay for more than 1 year . . 
As the flowers are all made sweeter by the sunshine and the dew , \ 
So this old world is made brighter by the lives of folks like you . \ 
- The words inscribed on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s tombstone . 
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain \ 
ya don't like my point of view \ 
ya think I'm insane \ 
Its not sane ...... it's not sane \ 
\ 
I just want some one to say to me \ 
I'll always be there when you wake \ 
Ya know I'd like to keep my cheeks dry today \ 
So stay with me and I'll have it made\ 
~ Blind Melon 
Are you like , a crazy person ? \ 
I am quite sure they will say so . \ 
~ V for Vendetta 
It's almost a full < PROPFEMALE > , and there is a little more than a week until my daughter is out in the world . I can't wait to see you < PROPFEMALE > !!! I love you Skittles . I saw a gator last night , I scared him lol , was running barefoot on the tank trail and he says OMG a Human !! 
24 hour duty is horrible . can't wait to be sleeping . 
Good Morning ! I'm goin to bed ! 
Just as one object can give rise to multiple percepts , so an object may fail to give rise to any percept at all : if the percept has no grounding in a person's experience , the person may literally not perceive it . ~ Wikipedia on Perception 
loves baby < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My baby woke me up to say hi then went back to sleep . 
< PROPFEMALE > is complaining in her sleep . It's so cool how you can watch a child's mind evolve . Her dreams start incorporating things she encountered while awake , and everyday you can see the transition from dependence to independence . Even in a matter of days . 
Thank you for my daughter . 
Hey everyone who likes pranks spam this phone number : 904-379-1300 . they keep spammin us so we gonna start a war lol ! 
Back to base today , gonna miss my girls . 
The army , like the media and the government , and a surpriseing number of other institutions are full of lies and should not be trusted . 
I love you earthlings ! 
OP4 this weekend . Sucks but it's always fun crushing the army's future leaders in their war games . Happy Father's day everyone , sorry I can't celebrate with ya'll . 
I hate the WLC cadre . That's all I'm going to allow myself to say . 
< PROPFEMALE > is awesofrickintastic !!! 
everybody's worried about time\ 
but i just keep that shit off my mind\ 
people living on twenty four hour clocks\ 
but we're on a ride that never stops\ 
hey mister < PROPFEMALE > the world change but you remain the same\ 
and i wonder how you'll survive with the environment going down the drain\ 
hey miss dragonfly i see you look at me with your beautiful eyes\ 
you must be wondering what type of creature am i 
The new A Team is the bomb diggity peoples you need to see it ! If you need help , if you can find them ! I love it when a plan comes together ! 
If I'm scheming man she's planning the get-a-way\ 
And I don't think that she would have it any other way\ 
You could say that she's my < PROPFEMALE > and I'm her Clyde\ 
' Cause she's the type of girl that's always down to ride\ 
If you step to her then you should probably know\ 
She'll go toe to toe and she'll go blow for blow\ 
You'll never see me down , you'll never see me low\ 
' Cause my baby's always gettin ' me dough 
just wanna be free 
There is more to life than simply increasing its speed . ~ Gandhi 
I love those moments where it feels like it's becoming infinity . It's almost as if you could step out and step back in wherever you wanted . Too bad i haven't figured that one out yet haha ! 
who has yahoo messenger ? message me ur name 
Why the heck are you all still awake ? Whats wrong with you people ! Go to sleep ! I love you all . 
needs a new profile pic too but doesn't even have a computer . < some of are comfused about this . yup comfused 
two more days of work , then i'm on pass for the fourth ! love it when i get to see my girls ! 
I really don't care what you think Jesus sure seemed like a Deadhead to me ! 
almost punched an ex-drill sergeant in the face today , who cares if it was a female , most army people aren't even human , thank you < PROPFEMALE > and tabby for your image in my head keeps me under control . 
I got a feeling and it won't go away , oh no\ 
Just one thing then I'll be OK\ 
I need a miracle every day . 
Obama says that institutions are stronger than individuals , while this may be true in a manner of speaking , in a certain line of thought , there is nothing stronger than an individual . There is nothing more powerful than you . You are the strongest force in your life . There may be governments , there may be hurricanes , there may be hatred and ignorance , but these things come and go . You are forever . 
Starcraft 2 rules !!!! 
I dare you to prove that you exist . You simply cannot . What you think to be proof is inadequate . By the same token no one can prove that you do not exist . Perception is an interpretation of an interpretation of an interpretation . Here is the universe . Welcome to the big vibration . 
grooveshark.com = the new playlist.com 
In the soundless awe and wonder , words fall short to hope again . How beautiful , how vast your love is , new forever , world without an end . ~ Five Iron Frenzy 
did not know about this trip to < PROPFEMALE > today . Tabby , < PROPFEMALE > ? What the hell ? Well you better call me later or something . 
Woohoo , the sky is blue ! 
Staff Duty ... 
wants a flamboyant cuddlefish !!! 
I'm pain , I'm hope , I'm suffer\ 
Hey , hey , heeee-heeeey\ 
Ain't no mercy , ain't no mercy there for me\ 
Do you bury me when I'm gone ? \ 
Do you teach me while I'm here ? \ 
Just as soon as I belong , then it's time I disappear\ 
Hey , hey , hey\ 
And i went on , then I went on down that road\ 
~ Metallica 
LOL an ad on FB said it's 420 somewhere ! 
is decently pleased with life so far lol . 
I miss my dreads man .... 
H . R . 5741 = Bad News . A < PROPMALE > that will give the president the power to ' induct ' persons into military or civilian duties to futher national security . This action can even be taken if the military is involved in a contingency operation , which is : when the president has deemed the issue requires military force . We do not have to be in a time of war . 
I can spoon feed them too big brother ! 
ooooo gotta get a hold of a new PC and SC2 
Just Say Now ! ~ lol i luvs it 
with the planet facing impending doom , only one man has the power , only one man has the courage , only one man has the fierce iron will that will see us through the storm . his name is - wtf fish i thought i told you only one bottle a night , one bottle a night God ! )@^^ !!! 
needs more tattoos . 
workin out my creative center in my brain ... 
work sux , can't wait to go home 
got a character started in the story 
friggin beta games 
NIGHTMARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Friday the 13th Biotches !!!! 
can't wait to be in the future 
good morning ! staff duty again 
it's raining outside like ... ridiculous . 
whats up this morning everyone ? 
WE MISS YOU DOC !!!!!! 
can't wait to get off work today . 
woohoo i'm off work today !!! 
hell yea i got the Chiller font for free they was tryin to charge 36 bucks for a computer font are you serious ? 
gone to lunch bbs 
mmmm mint chocolate chip french vanilla cappachino ! 
bbs , gotta help soldiers coming back from iraq get rooms and keys and all that . 
like ten hours to go or something 
we love you ! 
diddly doo 
We battled the system again today and won yet again . My baby has an ID card . ~ Skittles and Shade , the determined ones . 
Finally back from OP4 
We chill in packs too . 
this seems to be an interesting write on the holy land , which is a < PROPMALE > part in both the christian and islamic faiths , i haven't read through it all but i find it very interesting that it opens up mentioning 9/11 
Milkdrop !!! 
well i got court martialed today ... haha , it ain't everyday you can say that so i figured i'd use the moment to reflect on life a little . basically i rock . hardcore , metal , grinding distorted rock . a lot . oh yea and the snakes are losers . 
one day of extra duty down , 44 more to go lol 
yucky army .... 
sometimes i really don't like you humans 
bringing you the spring rains , the refreshing new life , the beginning of the next cycle . 
life shouldn't be a battle . and if it has to be there shouldn't be rules . rules are for the people who can't survive in a no holds barred match . you're weak , get rid of your rules , and you wouldn't exist . you know what that means ? nature doesn't want you . aw isn't that just so sad .... 
woooo 
I'm gonna be different and piss people off hehe , HAPPY 9/11 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hope something blows up 
i need smokers and nails for farmville 
more running around and another late night , probably ... 
all i have to say is F --- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , if you don't get it then look him up on wikipedia and if you still don't get it you're lost in the sauce dude ... 
i wish i could dislike stuff on facebook , life online would be way more interesting 
found out it could be anytime now , other than honorable . no federal conviction hahaha . niceness . almost free . 
What Decade Fits Your Personality Best ? -- My Result : 1960's . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/207044/referrals/status?aid=100000933610469 
all i need is 8 more bricks in farmville 
stop poking me mom ! 
staff duty *__* : 
OMG !!!!!!!! some random guy brought in 8 pizza's and said what do you want there's cheese pepperoni and sausage so i got a pepperoni pizza . FOR FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^.^ 
whooooooooooooo 
the mind is no place to decide what is right and wrong , it is too easily misled 
oooh , i want to get away , i wanna fly away ! yea yea yeaaa 
hey dude 
22 hours of staff duty to go , 22 hours to go ! you knock one down , your mind drifts around , 22 hours of duty to go ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Adanya Mir is 4 months old today ! 
tryin to see if i can't get some sleepi love you tabby , talk to you sometime < PROPMALE > 
another hour , thats it , then i can sleep !!!!! 
Guildwars is now up and running thanks to my sister ! all my GW buddies let me know when your playing cuz i will definately hop in when i have time , oh yea and i get off extra duty in two weeks 
for all you people that want to talk shit , go be a firfighter or a doctor yourselves . can't do it ? then why the hell should they fix your problems ? 
10 more days of extra duty 
how about you leave me the fuck alone , and i go farmville somewhere else yea ? 
hi world , i love you haha 
\It's so nice ! I wanna hear the same song twice . \ " Chili Peppers " 
What happened ? \ 
Wake up in the morning , \ 
clock says half past one \ 
I have no sunglasses\ 
As I step into the sun\ 
~ Sublime 
loves people with brains ... 
where the hell is everyone in guildwars ?!?!?!? screw you guys i'm leavin 
i'm hungry 
thank you facebook , for making it infinitely harder to remove applications . real big dislike on you really big 
i've decided i really need to stop being lazy and learn code , i've been stuck at this lvl for far too long , time to unlock a new skill , wish life was a video game and someone could boost me 
computers .... 
I rock at life . 
yay for clearing 
Almost done clearing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hello world . i'm free 
is home . 
this new profile is dumb 
if i deleted you and you feel you shouldn't have been , you need to explain why . facebook is too crazy to have friends i don't know . 
Overclocked by 10MHZ HT with a x15 multiplier . Next step will be big ... 
Dominoes Pizza is mad good 
Everyone has to get a hold of me . I will not meet you halfway , sorry no time . Trying to take over the world . 
don't understand what's wrong with my PC ... 
