has pt tomorrow :( 

salaam chetor asti ? 
excited for \exodus\ " break . sad that i only get to leave the 22nd to the 31st . " 
I'm going back to monterey today . :( I DON'T WANNA GO !!!! 
most of the things on my facebook is upside down lol 
???? 
.?? ??? ??? ??? ?? ??? ??????? 
Dari is fun when you actually know what is being said to you and know what to say back ...... which rarely happens . :( 
chocolate is awesome !!! 
alalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala 
.??? ???? ?? ????? ???? ????. ????? ?????? ????. ??? ???? ???? ????? 
severyone signs off before i have a < PROPMALE > to reply to chats or comments :( 
i hope i do better on this set of tests that i am taking this week 
i dont like school right now :( . i dont feel well and i have a headache but i cant do anything about it ..... * sigh * all well 
back to my normal , always tired self hahahahaha 
YAY !!!! i have a 4 day week of school !!!!! but i still have to go to base on friday to sit around and do nothing :( 
I wnat to burn all my school books , my computer and my invisible ipod . 
I hate people who tell you you have to do things last minute or tell you to do something and change it last minute so you cant change your plans . 
In class again . class break is over :( ....... well i have a class trip to fremont tomorrow so i guess it could be worse . 
llama !!! 
just did my 2nd semester presentation . hopefully i did well . 
dari has messed up how i speak english . i am < PROPMALE > understandable than what i was before this class and that is quite a feat . 
HELLO PEOPLE !!!!! 
today is thursday yay ! tomorrow is friday ! 
Thank god it is Friday !!!! 
internet is working yay ! 
Hi everyone ! Hope you all are doing well . 
today is going by really slow !!! 
mondays are not fun 
Study hall is torture . 
I miss class . I feel like my brain is turning to mush ! Ido nothing but stamp stuff and I'm running out of things to stamp ! 
I like it on the dining room table . 
In the hospital getting induced . 
Baby's constant crying makes me wanna cry too 
Got to love getti g up every two hrs to feed baby . Well I get to see a lot of weird stuff on tv while I feed her . Watching parts of < PROPMALE > horror picture show right now . 
I have a new iPhone yay ! It is a early chrismas present from hubby . 
Not sleeping tonight . Oh well . Hubby is lucky . 
Been up for an hr cuz of baby . She complained she was hungry , threw up and now wants more food . This mommy wants to pull her hair out . 
I get to see my family soon yay 
Tomorrow is going to be interesting . Me and baby < PROPFEMALE > are flying to new Mexico . I think I see her being extremely fussy in the near future . Oh well . 
Wish baby didn't need so much stuff I have to bring my mongo suitcase for a week ! 
< PROPFEMALE > handled the flying really well . I'm sooooooooo glad 
Who needs sleep ? Not me that's for sure . 
Sorry for the silence everyone . I haven't done much on facebook recently . Me < PROPFIRST > and beautiful < PROPFEMALE > are doing good . < PROPFEMALE > is teething and me and < PROPFIRST > are planning our move to San < PROPFIRST > , TX . I'm not looking forward to a very long drive lol 
Have nothing to do this weekend . 
I'm hospital waiting to visit my Opa in ICU 
Sleeping on the floor .... Not as easy as it used to be . Not enough blankets . < PROPFIRST > packed them all . Not fair at all so much for planning ahead . 
Out processing in the rain sucks . Especially since the papers I need are getting soaked grrrrrr . I guess it could be worse 
Thanks everyone . I'm doing ok . Getting ready to leave on Saturday . I'm not looking forward to the drive but I guess it could be worse . I hope everyone is doing well . I have to go feed < PROPFEMALE > . Bye everyone 
