New Year's Resolution 1 of 4 : Have SEX to the serenading tunes of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s SASLA MUSIC ! hahaha 

Oh yeah , thats right . I'm still doin me ... 
\An admission decision has been deferred pending a review for student conduct as indicated on your application . \ " - UCF admissions " 
driving crunk is better than driving drunk !!! 
Breakfast , Laundry , Gym , Work , Party(with < PROPMALE > ) , Drink(less than < PROPMALE > ) , Sleep , Hangover , Repeat . 
is Homeless in 55 days and counting 
is teaching < PROPFIRST > how to play tennis today ;) 
$1700 for Diff Eq at uwf this summer or $250 at pjc during the spring when i should have taken it ! fml 
\Congratulations ! You have been offered admission to UCF for the Fall 2010 term . \ " - UCF admissions ... about damn time ! " 
So I paid someone $45 to stab me in the arm earlier today for no f*ckin reason ... oh and last two tables of the night left less than 10% ... 
So I read on msn today that relationships are more successful when the woman is more attractive than the man . Where my dime pieces at !? 
I'm eating sea kittens tonight 
sushi reminds me of caterpillars 
holla atcha boi !! 
parmesan chicken and she forgot the parmesan ... really ? 
I laugh until my head comes off 
As you sow , so shall you reap 
Already have a short fuse and all I need now is a firecracker 
I just want to know why you freaked out and wasted my time 
Made UCF orientation and back in two days ... Handled my business . 
So I put up 6 plates on the leg press today and the short guy next to me did 18 !! wtf ??!!! 
all night I’ma whip that thing , all state better put a claim on it 
So in my speech class yesterday we had to present some object that relates to us and talk about it . Some middle aged lady brought a freaking VIBRATOR !!! ... Redonkulous 
so i hope ill have more than 5 tables at work today ... 
Until you find yourself it's impossible to lose you\ 
Because I never had you although I would be glad to\ 
I probably go and tattoo your name on my heart\ 
I swear , I start to think that I'm going crazy 
I will have a good night tonight . 
I'm getting < PROPMALE > , aah , you staying broke\ 
chilling if even if I'm in a goose down coat 
Lower your expectations from people and you will be a much happier person . A lesson very easy to understand but difficult to practice . 
Okay so I will be homeless once again in 15 days , does anyone know where I might be able to stay ?! 
I like my music so loud i cant think about ANYTHING else . 
blew a fucking speaker playing music too loud . daaannngit ! 
Bitches be crazy , unpredictable , and illogical . But i still holla at um ... damn im a sucker ! hahaha 
im in the mood to get FAAAAAAAAADDDDEEEDD !!! 
So I definitely accomplished my mission last night ... however i got $90 stolen , put a hole in my door and owe $80 for that and $35 for the liquor so a very expensive night ... oh and i took like an hour and a half long nap on the toilet to top it off . bleaugh ! 
So who would have thought that < PROPFIRST > Kwanten who plays < PROPFIRST > Stackhouse from True Blood is actually Australian ??? 
I am so incredibly bored and I can't even text anyone . 
See you at Seville tonight ! 
Pensacola and myself have only 5 days left together 
So I am car-less until the morning I leave . my baby got hit and is in the shop ! 
Anyone want to hit the gym ??? 
So last full day in Pensacola and the lady I'm staying with kicked me out !!!!! Just one more reason I cant wait to leave 
Finally got the internet back ! 
I cant stop eeeeeaaattiinnggg !! 
I have 3 episodes of true blood to catch up on !!! 
Ham and cheese omelets with taco sauce .. Mmmmm 
so i think someone shoved a knife in my back while i was at the gym , it hurts to breathe ! 
Fist day an the new Red Lobster ... Wish me luuck ! 
So I'm getting a little desperate for money down here . Thinking about selling my body ... like plasma , kidneys , heart , you know the stuff we dont use . 
Why is RL so slooowww ???? uggh and endless shrimp starts tuesday !! crizzap 
\Thanks for the compliment\ " = \ " I don't feel the same way about you \"" 
Every night at about this time i can hear the people upstairs having sex . I hate apartments . 
I don't fantasize I mastermind , then I go after mine\ 
Bitch its hammertime . 
So I just woke up and forgot that I had two morning classes that i was supposed to go to ... 
Be sober , be vigilant ; because your adversary the devil walks about like a roaring lion , seeking whom he may devour . 
is preparing to fail his first stats exam :) 
I may have just failed a test but i still have an internet connection while im waiting for the bus to leave 
the tests are over and i think im still alive ... dont think my gpa is though 
Alexisonfire - Crisis , good stuff . 
I like things that remind me of nothing 
I ain't no side dish\ 
I'm the main course\ 
I ain't ya side bitch\ 
You better decide bish :PPP 
\I used to know a girl that tried to tame me 
If a wealthy guy spends a lot of money on someone what has he sacrificed ? Nothing . If a college student takes a girl out for a nice dinner what does he sacrifice ? Food for 2 weeks . 
Is more pumped than a just been punted puking Pomeranian on PCP . punk . 
I feel like shiizzaight ... Grrrrrrr 
So anyone want to do all my homework while i go to the gym ...?? 
int main(){\ 
char loser = DBAG\ 
if(a = b && you < me){\ 
printf(\ur dead to me%s\ " 
feeling that nostalgic feeling from what could have been so much fucking more . i want to vomit 
Phone's Broke !! 
Ok I'm finally starting to feel those 4 cups of coffee and I'm freaking out ......... bleagughha ! 
Got Sleep ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Crap , My court date was on the 3rd day of the 11th month , not the 11th day ! SHIzzzzaaaa 
Got Sleep .....? 
Is Sick .... bleauughhh 
Sudden and imminent death will likely follow long and arduous suffering . Lets just skip to the end already ! haha 
< PROPFIRST > Posner and I are in a trance at the moment . No Homo . 
Needs an Addiction 
I understand people so well but I am still confused by some of the things they do ... 
If you're never going to change the world , maybe you're looking too hard . No synthesizerrrr .... 
Bad start for today but it doesnt matter because I'm still going to make this tuesday my bitch . 
Can't sleep . Quick someone tell me all about yourself so I'll be really bored and fall asleep .......... 
Needs someone to cook for ( besides < PROPFIRST > ) ... :( 
You do you , And I'll do you . 
If you don't respect your body , how am I supposed to ? 
Stop trying so hard , You're terrible at it . 
That all nighter for my physics final completely drained me ! Watchin the Sorcerer's Apprentice then hittin the sheets :) 
Loving life right now :) ... well except those finals of course . 
Beer , Cigarettes , and Gum on your breath all at the same time kinda tastes like throw up ... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! You guys are on the ball ! haha :) 
2 hours of sleep , two 3 hour long finals , bombed one , got a $25 parking ticket , got blown off by the girl i was talking to(no , not birthday bj ) , have to clean the entire apt , do laundry , and pack for my best friends wedding ! All before the adderall wears off and i pass out . happy bday me to me :) 
Pensacola , we will be together again in just a few short hours . Try not to screw it up this time . 
I got a ticket on the way down from pensacola for only going 9 over when he clocked me at 95 , 20 over . Dont know why he did that but that God he did ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Shit ! I got the A- In Programminnggg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Goal in life : Always strive to be a better person . 
Always do whats Right . Why ? 1 ) Its right ! 2 ) No one else will 3 ) People will respect you for it . Real Talk . 
This big azz bottle of white merlot and I have a date tonight . You're jealous , I know . 
Ahh Tuesday , what do you have for me today ? 
A liquid is a state of matter in which the object takes on the shape of its container , flows but with nothing to grasp . If personality was also to be described by states of matter what would yours be ? 
Anyone down for a movie tonight !? Holla at ya boy ! 
You will be what you will to be . 
Risk it all . Risk your life , not for your own gain but so that maybe one of the hundreds of thousands of people who died last year of hunger related disease or complications from AIDS in other countries might hear the word of God . It's not radical , its normal - what we're called to do . 
Is there really one absolute Truth ? 
JUST added a minor in Religious Studies :) 
Bowling with some big ol balls tonight .. Hollaaa 
Thought I lost my faith today until I read de < PROPFEMALE>'s \a dialogue between a priest and a dying man\ " and realized that all atheists have got to be short sighted idiots . " 
I have a container of Chocolate Fudge Brownie ice cream to myself . Tonight I shall sin ... 
Today's sermon was on growth through pain . Pastor < PROPMALE > is the man . 
I just lost EVERYONE'S number so please text me ! 
I have to keep telling myself I'm a nice guy because no one else does :) 
Cook out tomorrow at Jimmy's: Ribs , Sausage , and Chicken !! Hollaaaa :) 
So I think i accidently took 4 scoops of < PROPFIRST > 3d . Im freaakkin out yo aahhh 
So I bought these $40 sony ear buds thinking i could return my $100 Bose ones . Not going to happen ... dangit ! 
Just finished the 7 hour drive back home !! WHEW my ears are still ringing 
NEEEEDS cafinee ! grr 
Is ready for a new job 
Why are things so complexicated between us !!?? 
\I find your lack of faith - disturbing\ " -Darth Vader " 
If the world's discontent becomes your contentment then why seek the world's contentment ? 
Keep raising the bar because I'm not Settling 
Be yourself , everyone else is already taken :) 
Started to do my taxes today , think I'll wait another few weeks to finish em up . 
If con is the opposite of pro , is Congress the opposite of progress ? 
It's not your face that makes you attractive but your smile that makes you a 10 :) 
Just being a good person for the sake of being a person is not GOOD , enough . 
Lead by Example . With that said , do as I say not as I do hah 
I believe in evolution , adamantly so . And I got this belief from the Bible :) 
So I just saw < PROPMALE > Swardson at the arena and as it turns out , he's the funniest man alive . 
I dont like to dream 
It's raining sideways !! 
