Mmmm .. Mom's cooking .. yum 

doesn't know how to embed videos . 
is trying , unsuccessfully , to figure out when Windows 7 will be sold as the default operating system on new computers . 
is counting the days until vacation starts . 
iTunes is driving me crazy . 
is having a scrumptious meal of Cuban pork with roasted < PROPFEMALE > beets and Japanese sweet potatoes , and sauteed beet greens . 
is thoroughly enjoying being on vacation . 
highly recommends the < PROPFEMALE > Aquarium , despite the hordes of screaming children . 
wants to be on vacation again . 
is home from work at 10 in the morning and is off for the next _two_ days . Life is good . 
Wake and bake ... muffins that is ... 
is hoping that the explosion in the spider population on the balcony will lead to a decrease in the mosquito population . Otherwise I'll be forced to foreclose on those webs with my broom . 
NEEDS a new computer . 
just saw Food Inc . and is simultaneously horrified , depressed and angry . 
encourages everyone to first of all , see Food Inc ., and read The Omnivore's Dilemma , and to switch to organic foods or at least organic meat , eggs and dairy . When you watch beef having to be hosed down with ammonia because it is so contaminated with e.co 
Fermented chili bean curd , how I love thee . 
\We never get tired of white rice . When we eat white rice ... we go back to the origins ... It's like coming home . \"" 
Support your local restaurants and businesses ! 
honeydew . yes . 
toast . mmm . 
is fondly remembering the days of ignorance/bliss while drowning in her own verbosity . 
is finding the extent to which government is owned by industry dreadfully depressing . Ugh , why do I read the news ? 
Hell yes , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
wishes that her upstairs neighbor , who despite not seeming to have a job of any kind , only does laundry once every month or two , and thus keeps her nails on chalkboard , squeaky , squealy , piece of sh*t dryer on all goddamn day and night , would die .... Or fix the f*cking dryer . 
District 9 is great !! 
lost her left headlight today , to an anonymous person ( douche ) who evidently doesn't understand the logistics of backing up . Thanks , man . I was putting off getting an oil change , so I guess while they're fixing the hole where my headlight used to be , they can go ahead an change that oil . 
is going to thoroughly enjoy the day . 
Today is International Bacon Day . 
just fixed a desk chair with duct tape and four < PROPFIRST > wrenches and is full of smug McGyver-y satisfaction . 
Non-slip pastry bags , what a great idea . 
Atlanta is trying to drown me . 
has been reading Conservapedia and ... yeah .... wow ... 
is weighing the options . Which do I hate more : my freezing , sunlight-free , hole in the ground apartment ; or packing , moving and unpacking everything in said apartment to another ( hopefully less crappy ) location , while spending all my money ( and by money , I mean credit card ) on deposits and other moving related expenses ? 
is wondering if the ghost of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was on that balloon , because really , have we not had enough coverage of this ? 
is taking a time-out from the time-consuming , tedious task of tamale tying . Tallywhacker . 
There is something sort of sinful and decadent about a perfectly ripe fig . 
A pile of lettuce does not a salad make . 
just realized that I accidentally bought a second copy of Land of the Dead . It's hard being a fan of a movie genre in which roughly 50% of the titles consist of _______ of the Dead , but it's October and I'm on the mood for zombies . 
Oh . My God . Thanks you < PROPFEMALE > , for introducing me to Lamebook . 
Paranormal Activity = LAME 
is apparently the only person NOT watching football . 
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe . 
I hate my computer so much . 
just saw my first set of truck nuts - giant shiny disco ball truck nuts on an F250 dually - think he was compensating for something ? 
Hulu has Cosmos in its entirety . < PROPFIRST > Sagan is the shiz . 
feels like it's candy-making weather . 
just got my smashed bumper fixed by a couple of roving Mexican dent-poppers in the parking lot of the < PROPMALE > Hwy . farmer's market for $175 . How ' bout that . 
dreamt about an army of blankly grinning gingerbread men chasing me through a < PROPMALE > of buche de noels . I am so ready for a day off ... 
LOVE LOVE LOVES the new computer !! 
Went to and returned from work in the dark today . So ready for Christmas to be over . 
Haha . Just discovered that a blowtorch is a very effective bug killer while the boyfriend is out of town . 
apparently had the rabbit ears positioned just right last night and managed to catch the elusive , quasi-mythical beast that is PBS for almost an entire hour last night . Very exciting . 
You have to charge rechargeable batteries before you use them ? WHY ? 
just noticed that on my bookshelf ( totally unintentially ) , \The Fountainhead\ " is next to \ " The Communist Manifesto\ " . How funny is that . " 
saw Avatar and was blown away . 
freakin ' luster dust is expensive . boo . 
Clear Internet BLOWS . 
Happy Great American Pie Month everyone ! 
LOST ! 
visited another bakery this evening . Not bad , not bad , but we're still better . 
would like to stand up and cheer for Admiral < PROPFIRST > Mullen for speaking out to end institutionalized discrimination in the armed forces . Bit of a delayed reaction , I know , but still .. 
Why are there no buttons where there ought to be buttons ? 
broke down and is getting cable . There goes the last shred of my hippie street cred ... 
“My country is the world . My countrymen are all mankind . ” 
could play percussion with my joints . 
will be competing in the PattyCakes Creative Cake Competion on March 21st at the Clarkston Conference Center at Dekalb Tech 495 North Indian Creek Road , Clarkston , GA . 30021 . Admission is free to the public , so come eat some cake ! 
Competition cake = lemon sour cream pound cake with alternating layers of strawberry and pineapple curds , decorated in the style of < PROPMALE > Dali , complete with spindly legged elephant and soft clock . 
Condensation is my enemy . 
First competition .... FIRST 
Is it sad that I just read a letter from the manager of my apartment complex about an armed robbery that occurred last night and instead of being alarmed about the robbery , am instead a little cheered at the grammatical correctness and overall well-written quality of the letter itself ? 
Hurley + < PROPFEMALE > = Yay ! 
gets a little freaked out by people who talk to themselves while shopping . Am I supposed to respond in some way ? Commiserate with your dish soap decision troubles ? What do you want from me ? WHY ARE YOU TALKING TO SOAP ?! 
is irate . 
recently had honeydew bubble tea for the first time , and it is now my favorite thing in the world . 
Next cake competition is June 27th ; I'm thinking chocolate ( pound ? ) cake with sweet black sesame butter and orange buttercream . Decoration will be Chinese-y ; pagodas , dragon etc ... Superchinkafied , in other words . 
Is there anything that sesame oil doesn't make better ? I think not . 
is a fan of < PROPFIRST > Sagan's eyebrows . 
' s jacket would make < PROPMALE > Pollack proud . 
LOST !!! 
picked up some ( expensive ! ) mangosteens and am eager to see if they live up to the hype . 
According to the < PROPFEMALE > Department of Revenue , my car is worth $620 , which is approximately twice what I thought it was worth . 
Copper River Salmon ! What to do , what to do ? 
Good Lord , there's enough straw men up in here to fill all the cornfields of the Midwest for the next thousand years . 
June 27th , so close , yet so far away . 
has to make a graduation cake for someone who just graduated with an MBA from University of Phoenix tomorrow . I think the cake may be worth more than the degree . 
45+ hours of overtime this pay period . I think I deserve something nice ; what shall I buy myself ? 
Since when did books start having trailers ? 
I see now why most chef's jackets are cotton/poly blends and not 100% cotton . Just ironed a jacket for the first time in my life , not the funnest experience ever . 
Thanks for the lovely birthday wishes everyone ! Even the slightly insulting ones , < PROPFIRST > . 
Argh , buying a used car is giving me a headache . Some dude just tried to scam me . 
just watched a documentary about the Miss Gay American Pageant and was struck by how much the drag queens look like female televangelists . 
Dali exhibit was AMAZING . I got to see some of my very favorite works of < PROPMALE > up close . Two hours was not enough . 
apparently has a spider bite and not , as previously feared , the plague . 
is gearing up for competition . I bet my cake can beat up your cake ! 
Camera has died and taken photos with it . argh . 
Every trip to the grocery store is another reminder to NEVER HAVE CHILDREN . Not just because I don't particularly care for them , but because I am certain I would get locked up for beating them to death ... in public . 
Salt and vinegar potatoes fried in duck fat = omygod yes . 
If all the gold bricks I've run across in my life were ACTUAL gold bricks , I would be a wealthy woman . Seriously , it's treasure trove . 
woke up at 4:56 am and immediately started throwing on clothes in a panicky rush . Halfway through , realized I don't have to be at work until 6 . Having breakfast is kind of nice though . 
This 7th Generation bathroom cleaner smells exactly like Listerine - exactly . Makes me wonder if I can clean the bathroom with Listerine . 
went out to < PROPMALE > Hwy today , and as I was browsing Indian spices and listening to the French song playing over the store's speaker system , I heard conversations in Russian , Spanish , Chinese , Japanese , and a an African language I don't even know the name of . < PROPFEMALE > is a pretty cool place sometimes . 
Mmmm , pig's feet , just like Mom used to make . 
As I was weighing whether to risk ruining my dinner with fire extinguisher foam or risk a small fire becoming a larger one , I came to the conclusion that the fans inside range hoods really ought to be made of something less noxiously flammable than plastic . Dinner won . 
has rediscovered caramel apple lollipops and am stuffing my face with them . At least one < PROPFEMALE > still tastes as good as my childhood memories tell me they do . 
bought a car today and am baking fruitcake and cooling nougat . Oh yes . 
