this new year better be a good one the last one wasnt so good . 

just made my facebook . damnit . 
IM DRUNK AND NEED SOMETHIN TO DO . 
Mr. FuckShit is here . 
so fuckin bord 
all i got to say is pink tacos . 
I need something to do . 
i need some people to chill with today . 
shit shit shit ....... 
Someone please hangout with me tommorrow . im goin to lose my mind . 
bordom 
Thinkin to much\ 
missin someone and it sucks 
Had fun last night . thinkin maybe i should have spokeup a little more . Kinda zoned out . 
Im goin to drill a hole in my head to drain out all the things i think about and all the painfull memories so my head doesnt explode . Anyone want to help . 
i miss the way things where about 5 months ago . someone please shoot me . 
i need a fuckin job . 
Chest pains suck . 
I wish someone special was here to help me forget this damn chest pain . Hell she could probly stop it all together . 
Just woke up and the pain in my chest is still here but i have to block it out . I have to go apply for a pell < PROPMALE > . 
I need a life . Someone help me . 
Somehow somethings got to go right . I just have to stop fuckin up and try to fix what i already fucked up . 
Chest wants to explode . all i got to say . 
About to pirce my lip . yeppers . 
Fuckit just\ 
drink a beer . 
Last night was cool . Got to see someone i miss . Well time to finish gettin this school shit setup . 
im blind now . my nephew aiden finished breakin my glasses . damn this sucks . 
Ahhhhh shit . 
I think i fucked up even more last night . I really have to stop fucken myself . 
My thoughts are starting to go crazy . I can only think about one person but its cool with me i enjoy it . 
I wish i knew what to do . 
Im haten myself today . Someone help me before its to late . 
I now know why my chest hurts . I broke my own heart and i cant fix it . 
If theres no reply that must mean she either cant or doesnt want to talk to me . 
Ohh fuck ohh fuckkkkkk . 
click click boooooom . 
I hate my life . All i do is sit around allday hopein someone gives me somethin to do and all i can think about is one person that doest want me . This is no way to live . I have got to figureout someway to change it all before its to late and i decide to just end it all .... 
Games are fun but this is no game anymore . 
I want out of this life . 
One toke over the line . ohh well i guess its time to party . 
need a party to go to . anybody know where one is . 
why is life such a bitch . 
i need some fuckin C-4 . 
piercing party my place tonight . 5 bucks gets u 2 piercing . done by the almost famous davey bones . lets get this bitch rollin . 
someone give me somethin to do . 
anyone have a gun i can borrow ? 
i never realized how much dogs can stink untill today . 
time to sleep then to work at 8:30 in the morning again . 
it needs to stop fuckin raining so i can finish the fuckin christmas lights . 
Christmas fuckin sucks . 
im so fuckin bored . bullshit holidays . 
happy fuckin b-day to me . HA 
well i fucked myself up lastnight . great birthday . 
how the fuck do i delete stupid apps . 
hahaha :P 
i need something to fuckin do . 
headin to < PROPMALE > . later 
does anyone know anyplace thats hireing i really need a fuckin job 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT********STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND RE-POST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 RE-POST NOW ! SERIOUSLY !!!!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the national news 40 minutes ago . PLEASE 
everyone get to sheas now . its gonna be the shit . 
whys life such a bitch . 
oh my god damn son of a bitch . i dont know anything . 
Mr. SOLO DOLO 
why does god hate me so fuckin much . he wonders why i dont believe in him . todays bullshit is why . 
why does life allways get good then all of a sudden shit blows up in ur face . it feels like a fucking gernade goin off in my chest rightnow along with a blade being jabed in my fucking back . why cant shit be normal in my life . ohh right im from the shit generation thats why . please someone shoot me . 
Can we fuckin boycott this stupid day please . 
please someone kill me now . 
got my car today . fuckin sweet . 
colt . 454 to the dome . 
fuck life . fuck love . fuck the whole goddamn world . i hope the fucking world ends soon . 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! |1 : violent |2 : id marry you |3 : sweet |4 : hott |5 : talkative |6 : tall |7 : fat |8 : funny |9 : fun |10 : perfect |11 : i love you |12 : miss you |13 : retarted |14 : randon |15 : your the best ! |16 : id date you |17 : cute |18 : gorgous 
night to all 
i fell like dieing unless someone gets what im felling and save's me . 
why do my thoughts always make me want to go crazy . i allways fell ilike i need to hurt myself or someone else i dont like . 
i need a ride to my dads house can anyone help . 
