sleepless night + early morning store meaning + open/close shift + work funstion = zombie bryant ... goodnight ! 

im on a boat ! 
2 more days of work and then 1 more week in miami ;) 
i feel all muggy . damn you broken AC ! 
yay AC is working now ! 
one trip to the doctor later and i find out i have minor dislocation in the shoulder 
so i came home and ate a fortune cookie just now . exact words it said were \you will travel to many places \"" 
is definitely gonna invest in a hat 
in about an hour my first classes start and already im looking at some of the work thats gonna be due 
misses using the real internet . on that note ive been learning much in my cinema history class , much of which i probably would have never learned on my own 
a sandstorm followed by rain . what is up with this damn state ? 
Despite the hiccup from earlier today , my monday has been smooth thus far 
iphone software update to 3.0.1 is taking forever . this shit better start shoooting laser beams out of the camera while screaming \IM < PROPFEMALE > FIRIN < PROPFEMALE > LAZOR ! \"" 
wants the new behemoth album >.< 
does anybody have an alternative to downloading music besides frostwire/limewire ? 
yes ! first semester done . wrapping up the week by auditioning for a local stoner movie too ! 
theres some interesting stuff going on in the news 
yeah go fins ! 
whats the worst advice you ever taken ? 
hating this project , enjoying the music 
< PROPMALE > benassi - turn me up 
cmon dolphins ! you retarded excuse for fish better pick up that slack ! 
needs a girlfriend :( 
my phone wont be working until tomorrow , sorry if you have called me or texted me in the past 2 days and i havent replied 
my phone has been stolen , dont bother trying to reach me anytime soon , sorry guys 
life can suck sometimes but so long as we learn something from it , then the time spent wasnt spent for nothing 
doesnt miss his phone . is he crazy ? 
wassup facebook ? 
dirty deeds done dirt cheap ;) 
saw pandorum last night . it was pretty decent . about 8/10 
< PROPFIRST > whalberg to play \Irish\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in the upcoming movie \ " The Fighter\ " sounds veerrry interesting " 
call me el chef 
azucar ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everybody ! have fun dont do anything too stupid 
good news ! my baby niece is born ! a healthy baby girl born 12:27 on 12/27 . She weighs 6 lbs 9 oz , yes ! 
sometimes people just piss me the fuck off . that being said i wash my hands clean of this mess . night ;) 
2010 will bring about a different < PROPMALE > . no more scaredy < PROPMALE > , its about time i take charge , so good bye 2009 and hi 2010 ;) 
feels ostrasized :( 
< PROPFIRST > McDonald is a putita 
< PROPFIRST > farley is my hero . i aspire to be a funny fat man one day 
does anybody know where i can get a hold of the p90x program for cheap or better ? 
damn so i was looking at my school calander and i see the next real vacation for us isnt until july . sorry miami , you'll have to do without me for the next 6-7 months 
hates having colds 
Hey ! ifeeeeeell good ! i knew that i would ;) 
when you look down you lose sight of whats good in life ; keep your head up and remember the good things in life 
i got skype \bryantboada1990 \"" 
scarface is still the shit 
boogie nights is one fucked up movie 
its not unusual to be loved by anyone ;) 
so ... is FB chat not working tonight ? 
hey everybody thanks for showing some love today i really appreciate it ! 
im fading in and out ... i do horrible with slideshows 
SLAYER !!! 
loves making improvements in my life 
back to the salt mines again ... see you all at 4am :( 
stinkmeanor 3 ! 
just one more month of this ... and then 2 weeks of peace thank god 
good morning ... and goodnight ! 
work : done . school , studying , then pay day ... and im already dead tired ... 
got me a bamboo drawing tablet ;) 
peace . see you all at 10am eastern 
hmm so 2 days ago marks my 1st year of being in this mess . yay 
to hell with my apartment complex ! and to hell with my job !! * head explodes * 
just got home fromwork let go early cause of no business .... now i cant sleep :( 
goodnight arizona and goodnight miami im going back to the coal mines . peace . 
cmon lebron ! next dream team is gonna be in miami ! 
yeah lets go heat ! as for you bandwagon fans ... you know who you are ... 
< PROPMALE > , you can keep < PROPFIRST > Carrey cause we got LeBron 
still cant believe its been a year since i left miami . and in a couple hours from now im gonna be back in the 305 
yo lets mix things up a bit , im back home ! 
my baby neice is a coolio ! 
after watching \Through the Wormhole with < PROPFIRST > Freeman\ " it is my firm belief that i should use < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to announce should i ever revive the twilight zone one day " 
fuck ! i was on the verge of a profound thought and poof ! its gone ... gnight guys 
im thinking about custom building a pc in the future . for right now its research . hey pc veterans out there what should be my first step in understanding custom pc's ? heres what i know : its gonna be W7 64-bit . im gonna build a monster tower ! 
fun times ! thanks to my friends and family for makin it fun . wrestling around , having some awesome bbq and having a few shots . pure greatness ! 
another one bites the dust ! 
whats on my mind ? quite a few conflicting things actually 
Oh ! and boom goes the dynamite 
why the fuck have i not been geting any good sleep these past few days ? 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put \ 
this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't\ 
copy and paste . I did . Will you ? Love to those who are in the fight . 
wow what a stark contrast to the weather we usually get in arizona ... love it ! 
had fun in miami ! now its time to get back to the grind in az . 
i forgot hot hot the sun is out here 
my thoughts on dinosaurs and fossil fuels : theyre dead we dont really know if they existed unless we have a damn time machine and we already have many on display in museums . use em for fuel we already remember them with jurassic park ! 
whats goin on party people ? 
it seems every fucking day my apartment's ac doesnt work . im about to blow this place straight to hell the way im feeling toay 
feeling classy : the blue danube 
wow so 9 years ago our country changed drastically . so many people lost and still so many to this day over petty differences . god bless all the soldiers , fire fighters , officers , and anybody who does what they can to keep this world a little bit safer for us . 
good morning and good night 
whats with this cold ? i was fine one second earlier today and then i start getting a runny nose and a slight sore throat . i pray to God this annoyance won't at the very least hinder me the rest of the week 
damn wish i wouldve known about the heat game earlier today . gotta pay more attention 
needs work out gear . the times i feel the need to improve upon my health are the times when im ill-equipped . fml dude , seriously 
tito puente is the shit 
love pandora 
funniest thing i heard all day : local rock station checks its voicemail box for the fans to hear and some dude says \i know its been only 3 days since the new year started and already my biggest regret is banging your mom ! \ " happy new years guys make it a damn good one ! " 
