Hmm it's finally getting a little hard to navigate through my room , guess I need to clean it 

My respect for Apple skyrocketed once I tried out my new Ipod Touch :) 
Driving 10 hours solo to New York , wish me luck . 
Turns out both my car's alternator and battery are shot , and alternator can't come in until 5 freaking PM , so I guess I'll be making my New York trek Friday instead of today .... so much for luck 
I think my dog had a near-miss with a skunk just now-the whole house smells absolutely horrible 
Laser tag in a huge obstacle-filled arena with 40+ other kids is about as much fun as I've had in weeks , then add 44 oz of energy drink and I am HYPER ! 
It's really all starting to wind down now ... I can count the days that I have free before I leave home for the first time , and I don't know if I am more excited or more sad about it all .... but since it is inevitable I'll try not to dwell on it and instead 
Not much is better than staying up at 2:30 with nothing but one of those late-night highs while watching some Whose Line is it Anyways on Youtube . :P 
Next time a thunderstorm blows through , take a video of it , then you can open a movie editor and capture your own badass pictures of lightening striking by finding the right frame within the video and saving it as a JPEG . Trust me even the little lighteni 
Shit I haven't cried since October or so and this was for completely different reasons ... gonna miss ya Ulster 
Surprise $1500 renewable scholarship + week in St. Croix - Ulster kids gone - computer with paralyzing virus = Roller coaster week ( oh yea ... + Kings Island - the rain ) 
St. Croix was AWESOME ! I got to finally scuba dive , we went snorkeling nearly everyday , hot weather , sweet two-story condo on the beach , it was one good week . Now I have a week of packing then I leave for Purdue Saturday ... time sure flies 
Man this whole college thing is going just peachy so far man ... yea it's so good that peachy is the only way its goodness can be described in spoken language . Otherwise I'd have to act it out , so I'm glad such a word as peachy exists , since I'm a bad actor . Yea . 
Argh I hate being sick ... 
I hate LabView because LabView hates me and freezes whenever I want to save any files ... and I have stuff due by morning damnit 
I attend my first real football game tomorrow against Toledo , pretty pumped about that , woo 
Grr I just want to be 18 already so at very least I can stop sending home stupid waiver forms for my parents to sign ! I mean really , I have yet to find someone else on campus who is still 17 right now ... 
Glad to say the weekend is here because this last week has been pretty much crap 
Going spelunking was the dirtiest and at times the most uncomfortable I have ever been , but for some reason it was pretty freakin ' fun , totally going again next < PROPMALE > i get 
What the Hell is wrong with the Church of Scientology ? They don't believe that mental illness is real ; instead they feel that locking you in isolation and teaching you their beliefs ( called Introspection Rundown ) will cure you of your \problems\ " . I find that offensive ; to not help a person who has less a ability to cure their own disease than most is pretty repugnant . " 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , I think I got more posts yesterday by more people than I have ever gotten since I got Facebook :) Sweeeet 
Daaaaaa Boilers win ! Daaaaaaaaaaaaaa Boilers win ! 
Time for bed ! Wait a sec ... nope I guess not . Yay for all-nighters ! 
What a piece of merde calculus test that was 
Lets go Hoosiers !!! 
damn it pooter no not hoosiers 
Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > Beach tommorrow , going to try and not worry about the weight of work that will sit on my shoulders once break is over ... ROBOTS !!!! 
I want one of those hourglass thingies from the third < PROPMALE > Potter book , not because I'm overwhelmed by work at the moment but because there's so much stuff I want to do or teach myself that I can't do alongside schoolwork ... what I want is a year off :P 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia- The fear of long words 
I remember when I used to like chemistry . Or at least it seemed at the time . Now it's the thorn in my GPA . Grumbles . 
Home with nothing pressing to do for 3 glorious weeks and a new laptop to play around with ... just hooked it up to the 50\ TV to live stream HD House " 
It's rediculpus ! 
Grr I missed going to the Ohio State game , went to dinner and came back , the game was already on , so instead spent the last 3 hours getting ahead on chemistry . Bad tradeoff 
I just rediscovered today where ' The Song that Never Ends ' came from . I'm surprised I still remembered the tune after all these years even though I forgot the lyrics . 
So I just spent another 2 hours on another calc problem for the 2nd straight day before realizing why I am a retard . First it's a format issue , today I can't read . My self-loathing knows no bounds because ITS FREAKING 2 AND I SHOULD OF HAD THIS RIGHT AT 11:30 !!!! 
I feel accomplished after a successful Python programming session . But I also feel guilty because now I am feeling good about programming . Wtf engineering 
Done with physics , calc(nearly ) , chem , no engineering , actual free time this week , blood drive tonight , Biomedical orientation thingy . This week's gonna be nice 
Getting a 90 on the Chemistry exam and 88 on the Calculus exam makes < PROPMALE > happy 
Good news : Purdue basketball wins Bad news : I have a killer migraine and cant sleep with a 7:30 lab in the morn 
I have just spent the last 11 hours working on C .... to what end ? Not even being able to figure out the the goddamn errors that pop up completely illogically and randomly . So I'm going to get no credit probably for all that hard to work . What . The . Hell . Fuck . C . 
Just great . Ruined my life plans in under 60 seconds . One bloody email . Maybe I'll transfer . :-( 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > you have been a real bitch recently I just thought you should know that . I can normally get along with anybody but you .... you are just out to get me . What did I ever do to you ? You know what ? Maybe I will go cheat with Lady Luck , see how that makes you feel . Maybe you will be nicer to me once I'm gone . 
Studied all day today , will again all day tommorrow , Engineering project 2 presentation Weds , Project 2 report Friday , Calc exam Mon , Chem exam Tues , Physics exam Weds , C o-o p rushing . Yet I'm not too stressed at the moment ; I just hope it's from knowing I can handle it and not from ignorance . 
Physics is going to PWN me , and right after an engineering presentation as well . But it's the last wall before the Break 
FINALLY done with my bloody schoolwork until after break , so it better not rain very much at all this break so I can golf with my new River < PROPMALE > greens pass . Miss < PROPFEMALE > stay away from me this week you are nothin but trouble 
So let's say that A = 1 , B = 2 ... and Z = 26 ya ? What does the webcomic XKCD add up to ? Mind . Blown . 
Good ol Purdue pulls through hells yea ! 
Scheduled hours of class Thursday : 8.5 hours . Actual hours of class after cancelled classes : 2 hours :-) 
The problem with writing code and my ADD with the internet is the code never finishes itself . Pity . 
It took 2.5 hours to figure out how to deli < PROPFEMALE > ate by the dash for line 3 in the sample data for HW3 . Then I made a 24-line nested while-loop MATLAB code that can read in all the serial < PROPFIRST > and bottle fills space delimited , keep track in an array based on sample number and put in the correct format type . That part only took 20 < PROPFEMALE > . Thus showing I can hate coding and also feel good about it within an hour . Ugh . 
Quidditch yesterday and some intense ultimate frisbee with about half the LC tonight , Wright Patterson tommorrow and Easter with the fam here at Purdue Sunday . Good way to end a hellish week . 
Sportscenter voting shows every state prefers Butler to win over Duke ... including North < PROPFEMALE > ( 49%-44%) . Nation in fact prefers them 62% to 22% . Thus proving my theory that nobody likes Duke but the people who have gone there and their family . Go Butler ! 
I am going to kill either my GPA or my sleep pattern/brain/sanity by Wednesday night trying to study for < PROPMALE > material in all 5 of my classes over Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday . 4 exams and learning a new instrument . Why do they do this ? AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Two days , two exams down ... one day , two exams to go . Ready or not ... here it comes 
I'M DOOONNNNEEEE !!!! 11 !! 1one !!! I declare this the end of the year . Mom , you can pick me up this weekend , thank you . 
So just curious when did ' bhahahahahaha ' become so popular ? It sounds more like an evil cry than a friendly laugh 
< PROPFIRST > Erdos was one crazy guy . Now I want an Erdos Number 
I think I went crazy today , not too sure though . At very least I'll have the rest of my college career for it to mature into full-grown insanity . I'll consider the summers as time spent in my psych < PROPMALE > recovering to no avail . 
Done with school in under one week ! Course then I'll have to start acting normal again else I'll scare people . I think few other than the engineer can understand :-P 
Who else thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr. was one of the coolest performers of his time ? His impersonations are hilarious . Too bad the poor guy was ripped on by the public constantly for many things , including his color . 
NO MORE ENGR195H !!! Now watching Bear Grylls freerun while trying to outrun a dog . Woo ! 
Ohio River Valley is killing my allergies ... 
CVS job application question : It is maddening when the court lets guilty people go free : Strongly agree/Agree/Disagree/Strongly Disagree . WTF sort of personality test question is that ? 
Purdue Convocations 2010/11 highlights : An Evening w/Bill Cosby , < PROPMALE > Python's Spamalot , BLUE MAN GROUP !!!!!! Hells Yea !! 
Well I am now 4 wisdom teeth less , though I am disappointed that I am mentally fine , kinda hoping I'd still be out of it but whatev , at very least it's a still a little strange moving around 
Lovely Bones is one messed up movie , did not enjoy it at all . I am disappointed in < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Spielberg , though I guess it could have been worse if someone like < PROPFIRST > Bay had directed it ... 
Purdue's finally going smoke free , next year will be much improved 
Om nom . Nom . 
The new Army of Two game is freaking awesome 
So I just got a 54 on a round of TPC at Sawgrass on my Tiger Woods 2006 game , for 14 birdies 2 eagles and 2 pars . Pwnage :) 
34 applications and a month later , finally got a job as a Pizza hut driver . Normally I would he hating this but recession has made it so freaking hard to get a job that I'm just glad to have something . 
Going through a box of memories I found in my closet ... cub scouts , elementary school , pictures , minor league baseball . Man has it really been that long already ? 
Working the Hut 4-9 tonight , then leaving for VA Beach for a week . Finally getting out of Madtown ! 
I have a sudden hardcore craving for goldfish crackers and there are none to be found . That makes < PROPMALE > sad . 
So I just saw on tv that an elementary school in Massachessutts was handing out condoms to children without the parent's permission or knowledge so as to help create safe sex . I find this to be very disturbing 
Riddle me this : What is moofi ? 
When we were in < PROPFEMALE > Beach we almost went to eat lunch at the same restaurant that was would host < PROPFIRST > Vick's party only a few hours later when there was a shooting . Instead we ate lunch at Schlotzchy's across the street . 
Alrighty now that I finally have a steady income maybe I can buy my EE book I've been wanting to get early for the last 7 weeks ... oh wait it doesn't seem to be available online at even 100% its list price >:O 
Trying to scrub months-old omni-repellant grease off of racks from 10 pm-3 am out behind Pizza Hut is not my favorite way to earn 7.25 an hour ... though I did earn ~ $29/hour from 5-10 from 21 deliveries 
I hate being stuck in a repetatory limbo ; I need to learn something new before I go vegetative :P 
Anyone happen to have heard of/tried/owned either the P90X or Insanity workout set and would like to share information/let me borrow ? K thanks 
The Sword of Truth series by < PROPFIRST > Goodkind has to be the best book series I have ever read ; the < PROPMALE > Potter series ( Which I have probably read at least 8-10 times ) is a close second , just to put it into perspective of how good this one is . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner 1930-2010 
So why did Nickelodeon just have to have two characters that live in Bikini Bottom by the names of Mr. Krabs and < PROPFIRST > Cheeks ? Really ? 
Monday work highlights : 21 deliveries (!!!) , lost a signed reciept , ran out of gas and barely got off Michigan Rd , had to catch up on dough until nearly 1:30 am . I always knew I hated Mondays 
I got to see < PROPFIRST > Strasburg pitch vs the Reds the other day ! So of course we got in late , and of course the stadium was sold out of seats on a weeknight for the first time in 4 years and we could only get standing room , but it was fun all the same :-P 
Just ordered a pair of Westone 2 True-Fit Earphones ! Hells yea ! 
I am now > = 32,000 baseball cards < PROPMALE > er . Wait , 95% are 1987-1991 cards ? Well forget the < PROPMALE > part then ... 
So it turns out that the spoiled soy sauce-like smell in our kitchen was from the dead roses . I find this somewhat ironic 
Last day of work tonight ! 
Went to da Indiana State Fair today , driving up to Purdue in the morn to get ready to trip over myself at marching band camp . Woo ! 
Well a week of band camp was pretty brutal but strangely fun . If only I had had previous marching experience to build on . Mellos , you guys rock , so ya better kick butt out there :-P 
Who wants to go see Muse in Cincinnati on October 11th ? Tickets run from ~ $50-100+ but it's totally worth it . Oh and it's over Fall break too of you go to Purdue :-) 
There's nothing like spending a Friday night playing Halo with friends until way too late 
You gotta love 3 dollar large pizza coupons :) 
You know , when you are completing your Circuits prelab assignment and notice the date on the lab pages is from 1984 , it really hits you how you are probably reading the exact same words that your dad read 34 years ago when he went to the same exact building you did for lab . It's uncanny to the extreme ... 
K so a quick jog around campus ended up being 2.8 < PROPMALE > ? Didn't feel like it at all . Course , when you aren't pushing 9 mph everywhere and you run with friends it passes the time quicker 
For some reason I am finding E&M Physics easier to retain than Multivariate Calculus at the moment ... what is wrong with the world ? 
I love that Wal-Mart had 24-packs of superhero popsicles for under $2.50 . Now I can omnom Ironman , Hulk , or Spiderman awesomeness whenever :P 
Circuits hurts my brain . Even the Doctor couldn't help much . Dr. Pepper that is . Why am I on this stupid site this late ? 
Today would have been classified as a great day ... except I'm 90% sure that when I was walking back to my dorm after a volleyball game and I pulled out my ID , it managed to fall down a storm drain . Lovely . Now I can't eat on campus this weekend since card services is closed until Monday :-( 
Purdue football game all day ( without rain ) , Boiler Box Band in the evening , followed by Halo make for a good Saturday 
I hope someone at Industrial Roundtable will look past my lack of job experience so I can gain experience in some sort of internship this summer . Oh the cruel irony 
\Gorgias of Epirus was born during\ 
Happy first day of fall ... and first exam of the year . Good sign , maybe ? 
Bad week ... will it end on a good note ? Will we beat Toledo Saturday ? But most importantly .... will it blend ? 
Just got an interview with GE for a potential internship out of Louisville ! This could be perfect ; I can commute from home :-) 
I don't know if i will survive the week . I think every possible free time gap I have is filled with something to do . Circuits and Mutivariable Calc exams Mon and Thurs , GE Day Weds , GE interview probably on Thurs , Boiler Brass audition sometime this week ( probably Friday just to make time ) , Swing on Tues . Oh , and laundry ASAP 
This week is finally done , and I more than just scraped by on my exams too . Time to enjoy a completely free weekend 
I think I watched more movies today than I've watched in any week combined since I was in elementary school :-P 
Since I don't have one does that mean I don't like it anywhere ? 
Bad news : Car broke down at 1am 30 < PROPFEMALE > from home Friday . Good news : I now own a GalaxyS phone after AT&T had a great deal this weekend :-D 
Just ordered two piano books for figuring out how to play legit-like ; < PROPMALE>'s Basic Adult Piano Course 1 and the Virtuoso Pianist in 60 Exercises . Hopefully the 18 dollars will help motivate me stick with it . And the fact that there is a working piano in the music room of Hill so I can embarrass myself in private 
Please pray for < PROPMALE > Durio that he has a speedy recovery , and that this is all that we will encounter on the road ahead 
Hillenbrand's mailroom hours should be 1-5 , not not from 1-5 ... 
Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . Just so you all understand . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ; I just wish I was creative enough to come up with unique responses for all of you . So just pretend that this thank-you message was posted specially for you ;-) 
Ugh circuits face desk desk desk .... desk .... zzzz 
I've got that achy-sore/lethargic feeling that one gets with the forthcoming onslaught of flu/fever . Really ? I feel like my immune system went on vacation about 9 weeks ago and hasn't come home ... 
Finally connected Windows 7 to the network printers so I can print from my room like I could with Windows XP . Sometimes Purdue's security/software is a real pain , however secure they tout it to be . 
Celebrating the end of a poo-ish week with my new speaker set-up , < PROPFIRST > Halen ( The real < PROPFIRST > Halen stuff ) , and a general lack of doing anything productive 
Sunday schedule : Study Circuits , fail at understanding Circuits , do laundry , try to understand Circuits again , fail , bang head against hard object repeatedly , take pain meds , try studying Circuits again , stress out badly , give up , call parents , go to IMSAB meeting , eat foods , stare at Circuits book in loathing , go to bed and tell self that it will all click Monday afternoon before the exam . I just love lazy Sundays . 
Hakuna Matata . It can be a lifesaver before killer exams . Here goes ... 
I feeling that showering in brown water wasn't the most productive thing ... 
shouldn't leave his phone lying around . Where people can take it and change his status . 
Guess what ? This is my new status ! Isn't it pretty ? I raised it from a < PROPFEMALE > little thought in my head and it grew and grew until it became this ! Do you like it ? 
Just saw a nearly full 24-can box of Busch Light outside the entrance to my dorm and not a soul around . Slightly confused by this for a few reasons ... 
I love college life , and I love Purdue . I can't think of a better place . If only we could have a floor dog , would this be perfect :) 
It is 6:16 pm , 64 degrees , and pitch black outside . This statement feels more like two truths and a lie than what is actually happening right now ... 
It may have been a bad idea to try and learn complex < PROPFIRST > this late . My braaaiiinnnsss . 
YEA ! Just totally pwned my Multivariate calculus exam in about 30 < PROPFEMALE > . First to finish in my section . Now I only have to figure out what the heck Phasor Method is for Circuits and I can deflate :-) 
I have been craving a really comfy couch to just stretch out on all week . Gonna have to wait til I get home I guess ... 
Schadenfreude . I knew there was a word for it . Now I gotta start using it in regular conversation . 
Hey Purdue peeps : I have an extra student ticket for the Purdue/IU football game on Saturday , November 27th . If you want it let me know . 
Band concert in an hour , band banquet after , then going home . Oh , and Inception was pure epicness . 
Hit a deer going 75 mph , in the boondocks of VA , 4 hours from our destination . Radiator is leaking . Gotta love road trips . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Thanksgiving Parade and the Purdue All-American Marching Band , leading them all . Happy Turkey Day ! 
Good to be back at Purdue , though the next 3 weeks may kill me . On a lighter note , Tangled was a very good movie . 
I must be getting old . I'm tired already and it's only midnight . Midnight - 3ish was my prime working hours ; now what'll I do ? 
Iiiiiiiitttt'sss Friday ! First round of the NCAA volleyball tournament tonight , #16 Purdue vs . Kentucky . I'd say you should watch it , but I don't think it is being televised . Instead , BigTen Network is airing a show about Big Ten Fans . So dumb . 
I wish I had my skis so I could cross country the untouched roads of campus . I love weekend snow . :-) 
This week is actually a real Dead Week for me . I only have 4.5 hours of required class left . Unfortunately it is almost completely Circuits and circuits lab stuff . And I should study too , I imagine . Bother . 
Does anyone by < PROPMALE > have a Sleeptracker watch I could borrow for a few nights ? It looks awesome , and I'm very curious to try it out . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to the Phillies !??! Noooooooo ! 
Rest in Peace , < PROPMALE > Feller . As one the greatest pitchers ever and an outstanding man all around , you will be missed . 
Stupid exams . I'm kicking myself for making dumb mistakes , like not doing better on earlier tests . 
Exams , check . Packing , check . Driving , * sees empty white square * . Darn , so close to done . Get me home ! 
First day in my internship with VSG tomorrow . Finally , some experience to put on my resume ! Whoever said that break was restful ? :-P 
I finally gots me 11 days to relax . Time to catch up with an old friend , Mr. Shuteye . 
I want a pygmy marmoset ! 
66 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > on December 31st . OMG GLOBAL WARMING !!!! Seriously though , it's way too nice out for time of year . I should take advantage of it 
One step forward , two steps back . Hope I don't trip and fall . 
Playing munchikin and being pwned . Because < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are more skilled . 
But I don't wanna do homework ! 
You gotta love the confidence and optimism a nice , refreshing weekend will give you before the first day of classes crushes it all to a pulp again . This can't be healthy for me . 
6 hours of Diff EQ is not how I like to start my week . Is the weekend here yet ? ( I know , clichè statement , but really . Weekend , now . ) 
Exams already ? No , it's too soon ! Go away , and don't ever come back ! ( Reference , anyone ? ) 
< PROPFEMALE > the Pooh was a real jerk . The child in me is confused 
This semester may be the death of me . 
Today's snow day was nice , but I'm really praying for tomorrow to be one . A postponed exam will save me . 
YESSSSS ! 
Blargh . Bless you , DeCarlo 
Time flies like an arrow ; fruit flies like a banana . :-D 
I must say , this weekend turned out to be quite spectacular . :-) 
Troll troll troll . 
This whole \I\ " m going to stop procrastinating tomorrow\ " thing just isn't working out very well . Figures . " 
I think cops should yell \Pikachu ! \ " before firing tasers at people . :-D " 
What a miserable day . And I have another 6 hours of homework to cap it off 
It's always an adventure when your phone-map-app tells you that Staples is in the middle of the pitch black countryside , and your phone is on the verge of dying . The best part is when you find that it was just down the road from where you began . 
No homework due the next day for the first time in at least 3 , 4 weeks . Course , that means that my homework will be up to epic new proportions tomorrow ( today ? ) . Yay college ! 
I give Anonymous a cookie for pulling WBO's pants down . 
I just read 29 user comments arguing about the quality of different framing hammers . Obviously studying has dribbled into failure . Time for bed . ( Personally I'd go with an Estwings hammer :-P ) 
Finally saw my first legit concert ever . Blue Man Group did not disappoint . :-) 
I hate these sort of weekends . Friday cannot come fast enough . 
Preparing for the doom that is the second 202 exam tonight . Isn't it sad to hope for a 60% on a Decarlo exam ? 
Homework .... done ...... finally ...... evilness ... colored pencils ..... ORCAD ...... * zzzzzzz * 
Good to finally be home and just relax . I ( almost ) don't know what to do with my free time . 
Anyone else played Legend of < PROPFEMALE > for NES and think that the Darknuts are just ridiculous ? They can only be hurt by the sword to their side and back , will turn on a dime towards you , and take out two hearts on each hit . I can't get the stinking flute in level 5 because there is a room of 5 and 6 blue darknuts I gotta clear out first . Grr . 
Inheritance is being released November 8th !!! AAAHHHHH !!!!!!! 
Well spank my butt and call me polyester - < PROPMALE > Bodett 
