is hungry 

braces are off :) 
gonna watch corny zombie movies with < PROPFIRST > 
outfished the guys today ! 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > Aldean on the 11th ! 
I can't wait for the < PROPFIRST > Aldean concert ! I spent like 2 hours at Bar D Western with < PROPFIRST > looking for a cowboy hat that he can wear to the concert ... Too bad there's school tomorrow :( 
stupid rain . 
The < PROPFIRST > Aldean concert was sweet !! 
Logging rodeo started today ! and trapshoots on Thursday again ... :) 
fell on the pole climbing pole for logging rodeo . I'm sore and I cut my knee open :( 
Got 8 seconds in chainsawing . Beat all the girls AND the boys . And I got 2 first places in double bucking , < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . Also got a ribbon in log chop ... 
Going to South < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday ! 
is in Big Timber , Montana watching bull riding on TV and talking to Ricco and < PROPFIRST > . :) 
everyone got their limit yesterday . I got one shot in today , and two road shots . But I didn't get anything , road hunting was exciting though haha 
is 16 ! 
Just got my license ! :) 
Woke up at 4am . And not to go shopping either 
I hit one duck out of one shot , but we lost it . Pretty good shooting average though 
going duck hunting again tomorrow morning ... wish me luck :) 
I have a really bad headache and it's not going away :( 
got a Flowmaster Super 44 put on my truck today :) 
Half day tomorrow , goin shooting :) 
I want it to be warmer so I can go trail riding ... I hate the rain and mud :( 
going shooting today ! 
Just got < PROPFIRST > Strait tickets !!! :) :) :) 
11 more days until < PROPFIRST > Strait concert ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Strait tomorrow night !! :) 
The < PROPFIRST > Strait concert was AWESOME :) 
Got my back window fixed finally :) 
watching the Kentucky Derby 
I want to take the cats off of my truck . And get new tires . :/ 
Got back from Pullman 
I have the COMPASS test today :( :( 
FFA banquet tomorrow at SWHS Cafeteria , 5pm ! FFA members COME , and brind your family :) 
Got Vice President last night at the FFA Banquet :) 
Went fishing today and got one trout . And < PROPFIRST > didn't get any :) 
I love drivin dad's truck to school ! Turbo diesel :) 
You have to put it in 4wd to make it up my driveway right now 
Ridin the horses today with mam and pap 
My horse laid down in the slough when we were riding through ... I got soaked haha 
I'm a rebel by morning ! 
can't wait for the barrel race on Sunday :) I'm excited to see how < PROPMALE > does ! 
< PROPMALE > and I did our first barrel run , he did amazing !! :) I'm even more excited for Sunday now . 
The gaming show was so much fun today :) < PROPMALE > did well for his first time ! 
< PROPFIRST > left chips in my truck . Yay ! :) 
Rode for 7 hours up on medford today 
Right now in my household we have one i < PROPMALE > , one < PROPMALE > mini , one < PROPMALE > Book pro , two iPods , and now an iPad . Lol 
Happy 4th of July !!! 
Had a fun 4th of July 
If I wanted your opinion I would beat it out of you - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Rodeo and fireworks were really fun this weekend . I love summer :) 
\Why in the hell would a hay truck have a sub in it ? \ " \ " Cause we're badasses\ " Good day gettin hay :) " 
Waitin on a Woman needs to be rewritten ... 
After I graduate college , instead of getting a nice apartment or something I'm going to buy a ford raptor and live out of that :) 
< PROPMALE > , Texas Ranger marathon ! Hell yeah ! 
Cowboy Up could quite possibly be better than 8 Seconds . Good movie . 
just got done riding up at medford . now we have to drive to concrete to get to south skagit just to get home cause of the wreck :( 
< PROPMALE > did soooo good today . I'm gonna put up videos :) 
Gonna go try out the new tack on < PROPMALE > , then later wash the heifers for fair , and then < PROPFEMALE > out with the boyfrienddd :) 
headin to Lake Cavanough today 
This rain really needs to go away . It can come back like two weeks from now , after all this fair stuff is done . 
I wanna go on a trail ride this week ... I've got an extra horse if anyone wants to join me :) 
Good day showing at the fair today , still showing Saturday . Barrel racing tomorrow night . 
Barrel race didn't go so well tonight ... I lost a stirrup running towards the first barrel . < PROPMALE > did very , very well despite my lack of riding skills lol 
next weekend will be fun ! Friday night lights time-onlys and a sedro gaming show :) < PROPMALE > is going to be an awesome barrel horse ! 
Gonna ride < PROPMALE > , so he's all ready for the gaming show tomorrow :) 
Today was fun , except for < PROPMALE > bein crazy after the second barrel . No idea what happened there haha , probably the rider :) 
Can't wait for the trapshoot on Saturday :) 
Lake Cavanaugh bound ! 
Today sucked ... At least I got $80 
Ughh I hate school . Like a lot . 
We found the cutest white < PROPFEMALE > halfway up medford , so I put him between me and the saddle and rode down the mountain with him . His mouth was dripping saliva and a little bit of blood , but he was < PROPFEMALE > sweet . He was trying to rub against our legs . He had to be put down . He was already neutered , someone had dropped him off up there . :( 
Need to catch up on Jersey Shore ! I got two episodes on my DVR to watch haha 
Might get a Benelli < PROPFEMALE > :) :) :) 12 gauge ! 
Shot a 20 today . Probably would've gotten better if I had that Benelli < PROPFEMALE > already ... 
Going trail riding today ! Hopefully get to shoot my new gun too 
Who wants to go shooting today ?? :) 
< PROPMALE > Skinner , who Lynyrd Skynyrd was named after , died today . This is probably why I've felt sick all day lol 
Got my homecoming dress today ! :) 
Oh god I can't wait for October 16th .... 
I have a huuuge bruise on my shoulder . I only shot a 19 and a 13 ... Just hopin for better next week like always ... 
Speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
Stayed home sick today :( 
Amarillo by Morning , Amarillo's on my mind . Everything that I've got , is just what I've got on . I ain't got a dime but what I've got is mine . I ain't < PROPMALE > , but Lord I'm free . ? < PROPFIRST > Strait 
Got new Danner boots for the trip , I can't wait for South < PROPFEMALE > now ! 
Starting to pack today ... Ugh .... 
Debatable 
Didn't shoot TOO great today ... I did better after the FFA shoot . But I shot with all Stanwood boys and the littlest one looked at the score afterward and said in his high pitched voice \She outshot all of us ! \ " hahahahah :) It's sooo funny when I outshoot the boys " 
Going to my first barrel racing lesson in Arlington ... Hopefully all goes good :) 
The lesson was a lot of fun , I learned a lot . I'm really excited now :) She's worked with a lot of good people ... Hopefully I'll start to not embarrass myself hahah 
In Cour D'alene tonight . idk how to spell it . but that's where we are lol . 
I'm in < PROPFEMALE > Fourche , South < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Only a half day of driving left until we're in Winner ... And then hunting ! Today we saw really fat , cute , prairie dogs running around . A road killed bear , lots of alive BIGGGG deer , antelope , coyotes , and a huuuuge herd of elk . Lots of game , and tomorrow , PHEASANTS ! 
Two hours ahead of everyone ... Hunting isn't open until 12 . I'm really bored trying to kill time . 
Limited out today ! Good day :) 
The strippers staying at our motel are weird lol 
Hard day of hunting today , waay harder than yesterday . Only < PROPFIRST > limited out . My Dad and I were both one away from limiting . The other two guys didn't get a single bird ... I'm lovin my Benelli :) My bird < PROPFIRST > are goin way up ! 
Last day of hunting , everyone limited out but one guy again . The same guy . Now we're in < PROPFEMALE > Fourche again , headin HOME !! 
I'm used to 70 and 80 degree weather ... Not this cold shit in < PROPMALE > Lake :( 
Got an iPhone 4 :) 
Getting tricked in heuterman's class today was embarrassing lol 
I love life and frogs 
Today is not going to be a good day 
Now that I know that my benelli can kill stuff .... I need to get my duck stamps 
Going on a trail ride with my daddy today , We are going to Northern State ! 
Birthday dinner tonight :) 
Ugh gotta get to school early on my birthday tomorrow to go weld to keep my grade up ... 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays everyone ! I'm loving the good weather , im excited for the shoot night at the noise lodge :) supposed to be a lot of people ! 
A very good day . Went to the funshoot and I even ended up being in the top three round of pieces ... Then saw paranormal activity 2 with boomer :) thank you for the birthday wishes everyone !! They each made my day 
Baby got back is such a good song ... Classic . 
This Monday is going to be so lame .... :( can't talk to my boyfriend until he gets off work :( 
Some days it's a good day to die . Others it's a good day to eat breakfast . Isn't that right Victorrrrr ? 
For looking out our windows and seeing nothing but Cultus mountain for the past 17 years , I've never been on it and I really want to go ... 
Days like today are why I hate school and everyone in it . I just want to graduate already ... 
Getting exhaust done sometime this week ... Fixing muffler problems and getting rid of all of my cats finally !! Finally it'll sound good . 
Playin in the snow today !! :) 
T shirt tiiiiiime 
Getting exhaust done today in a couple of hours !! Yay so excited :))) 
Two cats down , still two to go . Oh well she's starting to sound better . Get her finished up when it's not so flippin cold ! 
< PROPMALE > mountain oysters : the original sack lunch 
Hauled wood with my horse dragging a sled . But he's scared of it so we had quite the adventure . Anyone want to go sledding ? My horse will haul us back to the top of the hill ! Haha 
It's warming up :( bye bye snow . But happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
Don't be fallin in love as she's walking away , when your heart won't tell your mind to tell your mouth what it should say . 
Having to crawl underneath my truck in the school parking lot to fix it before I go home , classic . 
I absolutely HATE her .... 
Fourth and goal for the huskies and the cougars pick up the fumble and run with it . Yes !! 
Vegetarian : old Indian word for bad < PROPMALE > . 
You find out who your friends are ... 
Does the gate still get closed at lunch in the parking lot ??? 
Just got back from lazy a ranch . Such a nice arena and barn ! < PROPMALE > did good after not riding for a while , slide was bucking though haha :) 
Packing the danger Ranger full of people and bags tomorrow for a ROAD TRIP ! :) 
Bye bye Sedro !!!!!! 
Back home 
The only thing that stays the same is everything changes 
My exact truck at a dealership for 10 grand holy cow ... And I bet mine has less < PROPMALE > 
I wanna go to the lights of Christmas ! 
Had a great ride ! Such a pretty day , I wanna go on a drive now ! 
Had a good night driving over 100 < PROPMALE > to look at Christmas lights :) haha 
Hopefully riding at an arena today ... Ugh winter break is so boring , can't wait till after Christmas . 
I want to ride with someone today ! Anybody want to ?? 
I miss talking to my man , he needs to hurry up and get a phone !! :( 
If I see one more \I think yes\ " on a status I'm going to go crazy . When did that become cool ? " 
My mom put my new shirt in her old iPad box . So mean haha 
Hate herrrrr :))) 
Southbound and down ! Loaded up and trucking . North Bend today ! :) 
At the end of every ride is a gold buckle 
Two and a half hours of driving later finally home . Even if I don't want to be :( 
Perfect day to ride :) 
I hate stupid , ditzy people sooo much . And everyone is stupid . 
It ain't the years boy , it's the < PROPMALE > . 
You always think you find out who your friends are , but even the ones who you'd think would be there forever can still replace you . 
Having a great lesson makes my entire day awesome :) < PROPMALE > is doing tons better ! I'm excited ! :)) 
And even your best friend of five years can replace you and talk shit about you behind your back . Hmm . What is a true friend anymore ? 
Lynch won that for us . Beast . 
Love walking in the snow to feed my baby and break his ice , the doggies come with and love playing <3 
I hate this town and everyone in it 
My iPhone is smart enough it should teach me pre calculus cause I sure don't get this 
Goodbye stranger , it's been nice . Hope you find your paradise . Tried to see your point of view . Hope your dreams will all come true . 
Screws everythinggg up 
Who all has second lunch next semester ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin 
Great day ! Finals are finally over . Had a great lesson on < PROPMALE > , he's doing so much better . Excited for Sunday ! Now just got done eating a fried egg burger an gonna see my favorite boyfriend later :) 
Ugh I hate feeling unconfident ... Sometimes I just need to forget about other people and do my own thing , what I wanna do . And if I'm bad , then at least I tried . 
Half a year of being together today ! :) 
Had such a great ride , rode my best pattern yet . Drove home and it all gets ruined by my bipolar mom . Yay . Hate her 
90 mph to the city limit sign , pedal to the metal before they change their minds 
Today sucked . My friends suck . 
Zumba with < PROPFIRST > and Kwinn and < PROPMALE > tonight ! This should be fun :) 
Everything is going good ... Got two barrel races next weekend I'm super excited ! 
Not gonna let things phase me . Gonna bring < PROPMALE > to the arena tomorrow , have a great ride , then go to Zumba ! Get both of us in shape , get ready for this weekend . 
Ordered my new stereo and everything to hook it up today ! Got my barrel race tomorrow , then a four day weekend next weekend ! This should be a GREAT week ! 
I just ran my barrels and boomer was too stupid to know I was running so he just sat there hahahahaha 
Power is out , got me lots of candles , a wood fire and makin some dinner :) 
Rode my horsey , installed my new stereo in my truck , and later tonight going to dinner with my boyfriend :) a great day ! 
Gonna load up the horse trailer get my mind off of stupid people and last night . Nothing like a good ride :) 
It didn't rain when I was tacking up < PROPMALE > , rained when I was inside the arena , and stopped again when I was untacking ! Lucky ! :) 
Stater blocking my driveway and someone in my ditch lol 
I love boomer hyatt :) 
Too school for cool 
Camping in Winthrop with the horses or Sedro's first barrel race and gaming show in May ... Tough decision :( 
Cause I've took this walk you're walking now boy , I've been in your shoes . You can't hold back the hands of time , it's just something you've got to do . 
I don't talk a lot about other people , I'm loyal to my boyfriend , and I mostly keep to myself . Yet people still talk badly about me , I just don't get it . 
First day of spring in 14 days :) can't wait to get out of dreary , depressing , winter ! 
Had a great , successful day today ! And had a great ride to top it all off ! :) 
My mom wants me to go to west Texas a&m , and now I kind of want to because it's right by Amarillo . Amarillo by morning ! <3 :) 
Just got back from Granite Falls barrel race , we're starting to speed up . Now I'm really really tired . 
I'm so sore ... Why do two horses have to act up on the same day ? 
I kinda want a new truck 
I hate everyone . They say they're one thing , and do another . Everyone tries to please everyone else , but there's always going to be one person who disagrees . Just stop trying to be something you're not already . 
< PROPMALE > did a good job today , we are TONS better than last year haha . Now gonna eat corned beef and cabbage for St. < PROPFIRST>'s 
Happy first day of spring ! 
Immaturity at it's finest ! Then you try to get me in trouble at school , when I wasn't even the one to do anything . Hahah :) 
Our field below the highway caught on fire just now . In the middle of March when it's all wet . Weird . 
I've got some great friends ! :) 
Ugh I hate being sick and feeling all lazy . I hope I feel better by tonight ! :( 
So happy I have a boyfriend that takes care of me when I'm sick :) 
I want my bit to come in ! I wanna ride < PROPMALE > in it ... But I'm feeling better , guess I'm going to school tomorrow finally :) 
