Can't believe it ... we now live in a world without < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... 

meow .... 
Is now a registered voterpersonthingymajjigger ... yeah 
Just moved the massive collection of cassettes in my room ... there's some random stuff mixed in with all the punk and metal , like < PROPMALE > Marley , Snoop Dogg , < PROPFIRST > Bowie , < PROPMALE > Astley , and < PROPMALE > ... lol 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left click and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . ( this actually works !! ) 
Does the po-po always try to blind you and give you a headache by shining bright lights in your mirrors for 7 minutes before they come talk to you ??? 
tired ... but too eager to work on building a music Frankenstein to go to bed .... Electronic Jazz Metal is beginning to take shape ! 
< PROPMALE > n cheeze , fo ' shigglez . 
... pluh ... 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > got our ears pierced yesterday ... I gotta go out and chip the ice blob off the end of the driveway before it rips the exhaust off my car ... 
Rawrciclez ..... 
... hamburger time ... 
Workin on the vocals for my final project for Garage Band ... ? Keep jumpin , up and down , In the crowd , spin around ? 
If you want to stump a Marines recruiter , just start talking about makeup . lmao 
? I feel pretty , oh so pretty , I feel pretty and witty and gay ? 
There's a fine line between being a bitch and being honest ..... I must have bad eyesight then ... heh ... 
Feeling the oddest mix of confusion and clarity ... 
? Oh once upon a time , I didn't give a damn , but now , here we are , so whataya want from me ? Whataya want from me ? ? 
Zero ambition ..... ugh 
Second semester looks like it's gunna be good ... cool teachers and classes ... woo 
huh ... I guess every guy has at least one crazy ex ... 
Saw a pretty good show last night at the Afterdark ... everything still sounds funny tho lol ... 
bah 
I'm cold ... and I now have texting on my phone . woo 
What the hell ... was it really necessary for facebook to change ? 
Home sick again ... bleh ... 
I wish I had a bass guitar 
rawr ... * snif snif * ugh ... 
OMG ! you can apparently set facebook to be in pirate english lol 
I figured out some of my favorite < PROPFIRST > Lambert songs on guitar . Yay 
Happy Ystävänpäivä everybody !!! 
gots my hairs cut ... my head feels oddly light ... 
Finally have a job 
RAWR I'm kinda tired 
sh ! t ................. 
? I am a Wonderlust < PROPMALE > ... ? 
Working on a VC-ed version of Bach's Toccata & Fugue in D minor ... this is gunna be cool ... 
I'm in desperate need of loud music , flashing lights , and an excuse to wear shiny eyeshadow ... formal is going to be fun lol . 
Last night was pretty fun ... feel like hell tho ... 
stayed home today ... bleh ........ 
Got back a lil while ago from another long bike ride ... it's odd how nice people are when it's sorta < PROPFEMALE > , but as soon as the sun starts setting they glare angrily at you ... 
Trying to continue writing my series of short stories ... and failing ... epically ... 
Ferlucken weather .... I wanted to go for a bike ride .... grr ... 
Grr ... Best Buy is out of the new Gorillaz CD .... sux .... And OMG , did I just actually make PLANS to actually go DO SOMETHING after school tomorrow ?!?! it's a sure sign of the apocalypse !!! lol 
also , Hippo < PROPFEMALE > to Dad ! 
Today was a good day overall ... < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... got Plastic Beach ... yeh ... 
I got a jar of dirt ! I got a jar of dirt ! 
Woo ! got to put the top down on Norabel after school ! yay sun ! 
Another beautiful day ! 
When I shaved my face this morning , I gave myself a Hitler stash ... then I shaved it off and yelled \Take that Hitler !! \ " at the mirror ... it was epic ... lol " 
Bummed a bit ... but I'll live ... 
Was doing yard work most the day . I'm tired ... and just blah ... 
I don't care , and for once it's in a good way . 
F*CKING ALLERGIES !!!! AAAAAHHH !!! 
I had 58 unread emails in my inbox ... 3 were FWDs , and the rest are subscriptions or notifications ... FAIL 
First day of training/work today . Wish me luck ! Also dad and I finally got the stereo put in my car . YAY CD PLAYER !!! 
Going back in for my second day of training at 10 . Not a hard job , but a lot of stuff to remember . And those \Save big money at Menards ! \ " jingles get a little annoying ... lol " 
Goin back in at 9:30 to learn how to close ... Then I'm going to Pulse Under 21 Nightclub for their opening night after that . Should be fun . 
? I'm bettin ' your not losin ' sleep over me . But if I'm wrong , don't fail to call , come over and keep < PROPFEMALE > company ? 
Can't wait to see HIM tomorrow !!!!!! 
Just got back home a little while ago . HIM is awesome live , and Dommin is really good too . The whole show was awesome ! I'm tired as all hell , but it was worth it . Thanks again for everything < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
about to go out and do battle with the rototiller ... woo 
A-Lamb on Idol tonight . Yesssss ! 
SIC- Sullen Immoral Cynicism .... 
You cry a thousand tears , Darlin ' don't despair , I know your heart still bleeds , Darlin ' don't you care , There's blood in your tears ... 
stupid goddamned viruses infected the computer , so I'm using dad's netbook while it scans in safe mode ... 
If you don't know what it means , that's your problem ... :) 
day 4 of feeling like I'm an in another dimension or something ... this is weird ... 
tired ... 
really into classical all of the sudden ... odd ... Liszt had friggen CRAZY SKILLZ !!!! 
... If I go will you follow , \ 
Me through the cracks and hollows , \ 
And I would be your Cain , \ 
If you would be here now ... 
D-D-D-D-DIRRRTY --- D-D-D-D-DUBSTEP 
~ ~ Look upon me ! I AM THE BEAST !!! ~ ~ 
Anybody know where I can get a cheap bass guitar ? 
searching the vast expanses of the interwebs for a friggen bass guitar 
just got back from work a little while ago . 
Weirdest feeling ever ... putting on chapstick when 1/2 of your mouth and bottom lip is numb ... I couldn't figure out where my lip ended !!! 
Don't you just love research papers ? 
Idk 
hopefully , after tonight I won't have to do homework ever again ! 
Ghoughpteighbteau . Try and guess how to pronounce that word . 
duuuuuude , is today over yet ? lol 
stopped home for a bit , then goin to project grad ... how many energy shots do you think I'll need to stay awake till 5 ? 
dayum ! sun burn !!! 
Why when it comes to politics does it seem that most people either are extremely one sided , closed minded , and want keep pushing their ideas , or they pay no attention at all and have no idea what's going on ? 
I have become , comfortably numb 
......... f-tothe-m-tothe-L-i-f-E .......... 
Goin to shop in Appleton today ... hopefully I can find more girl jeans to wear (( theres more variety and they make my butt look good , don't judge me , lol )) 
In a recent census of social media users , it was identified that 3.24% of all Facebook users were actually dead . Dead Myspace users : 7.46% ..... pretty morbid .... 
Last night = Pure amazingness 
oh .... my ..... gawd ...... A-Lamb is a CLOSET < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I hate days like this ... bleh .... 
Meow 
bordering on total glambsession ... 
hmm ... 186 cds ... for some reason I thought there'd be more 
woo , i can facebook on my awesome new phone ! 
grr ... can't figure out how to put music on my phone or get vids off of it ... 
... they're made out of meat ... 
Cheese curds and tea ... all part of a nutritious breakfast ! 
Out on another drive ... just pulled onto 3rd av . from oak somewhere in wood county ... beautiful day to own a convertible ! 
Just crossed wisc river ... wtf am i ? 
Watchin probably one of my favorite movies ever . RocknRolla ! 
I'm thinkin about goin for a drive , and takin some pics this time ... 
sittin at Nanas ... 
hmm ... I want to play games on the comp , but no idea what .... 
Just finished a puppet show ... who decided violence was better for children than romance ? 
My sister is the coolest sister in the world . She's so nice and funny and i love her soooo much . >:) ~ The consequence of leaving yourself signed in ~ MUAHAHA 
Be the change that you want to see in the world , just like MC Yogi ! 
sometimes i think i have no life . then i get attacked by people i dont even know over fuckin FACEBOOK and i dont think im that bad . 
A pot of coffee and Norwegian Black Metal . I cant think of a better way to wake up in the morning . 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!! 
workin on new muziks .... bleh 
At the zoo park thingy in marshfield with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
headbanging is nowhere near as satisfying when you have short hair .... :( ... 
Drag Me To Hell has one of the best horror movie endings ever lol 
* happy dance * :) 
pure , unstoppable and uncontrollable limerence :) :) 
Just took a religious beliefs test thing . Top 3 were Neo-Pagan , Unitarian Universalism , and Mahayana Buddhism . and I aparently have more beliefs in common with Muslims than Mormans and Catholics lol 
Root beer and an orange energy shot tastes just like a dreamcicle !!! 
? The acoustic funeral for love in limbo , We're dancing with tags on our toes ? 
Im a half hour OVER on my time to get mah diploma !!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
The musical episode of Scrubs = EPIC WIN !!! 
Most toilets flush in the key of E flat . 
I hate wanting to talk to someone at 3am 
sooo ... Norabel decided I wasn't going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > today ... stupid car ... 
I F - I N G L O V E T R A N C E M U S I C ! !! !! !! !! !!! !! !! ! !! !!!! ! !! ! ! !! ! ! !! 
Listenin to dubstep so dirty and gritty that I feel like I'm being sandblasted in the face ! hell yea 
Funny goats and camels make me LOL 
:/ 
? If I had a heart , it'd break in two , \ 
if I still had tears , they'd fall for you , but all I got is my shadow on the floor ? 
Bumfuckery : Noun . Pure , unadulterated stupidity . Daftness of a magnitude that shocks beyond words . Total and complete lack of reason . Utter futile uselessness . Such wanton disregard for logic as to render silent all within earshot of the event . 
Just\ 
downloaded a bunch of Millionaires music ... I'd post a bunch of songs cuz I think theyre awesome , but they're basically hoes and none of it has appropriate subject matter lol . 
Mamma Mia ! 
We're running to the edge of the world , \ 
\ 
but i don't know if the world will end today . 
Grandma's Boy = funny movie 
I'm cold and tired ... i need some COFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
\We are the first society to be living amongst ruins of our own construction ... \"" 
It feels like i ate too many shards-o-glass freezepops 
< PROPFIRST > Statham is sooo f-ing BADASSSS ! 
Thanks erbody who wished me a happy birthday . I finally have covers for my car seats ! THX DAD ! And I don't feel nearly as sick , so today could be good !!!!! 
Nosebleed in the shower ... fml 
cat , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > cat , and i dance dance dance and I dance dance dance .... 
~ Cuz we are living , in a material world , and I am a material girl ~ 
Peanut doesnt like Republicans . 
I support midget violence ... lmao wtf is wrong with this world ! 
If i could find that dog , I could seriously strangle it ... or at least glare at it angrily ... grrr .... 
? I do what I want middle finger in the air , gunna party party party like a millionaire !? 
Smooth Jazz versions of metal songs FTW !!!! 
downloading some music , then getting some yard work done . woohoo .... 
is bisexual and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aBchhu . 
You and I wake up\ 
in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? \ 
( NOTE : If you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status -- \ 
fair is fair -- play along ) 
One of the best days and nights i've had in a while . :) 
Yay protesting !!! ( on uwsp campus ) gay rights FTW ! 
WTF ! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM !!!! 
i just dont know ........ :/ 
How can I trust you\ 
with my heart , in your hands\ 
closing your grip ! \ 
I'm so afraid that you'll leave me cold\ 
with my heart , in your hands 
\I don't define myself by a haircut . Hopefully the \ 
officially pissed that i didn't vote ... grr ... republicans ....... 
smoking killz ....... XP 
watching < PROPMALE > Burnham ... music + comedy = awesomeness 
Kikyo or Kagome ? 
Sharktopus ...? who thought that was a good idea ? 
Watching one of the greatest comedy routines ever , < PROPFIRST > Carlin's “The Seven Words You Can't Say On TV” :D 
just signed back up to Runescape ... haha ... 
SKINNY GIRLS ARE FOR WIMPS !!! 
okay , I guess I'd better rotate my tires BEFORE there's snow on the ground . 
Surrounded by potential components of an < PROPMALE > piece disguised as junk , waiting for some kind of inspiration ...... 
Hopefully my room will be somewhat less chaotic by the end of the day ... I suck at organization ... 
wtf is wrong with teh internet !?!?!! AHHHH !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! \ 
... oh wait .... \ 
wrong holiday .... 
I love my stereo ... the volume is only turned up to 3 out of 10 , and the floor is vibrating in the rest of the house 
<3 Bassnectar 
Mom , Dad , and < PROPFEMALE > just left for my dad's surgery in < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
Sleep soon , maybe ? idk haha . 
When you're strange , faces come out of the rain , \ 
When you're strange , no one remembers your name ... 
I have to admit , Dir En Grey are actually pretty heavy ... 
I forgot how much i loved Sealab 2021 ... 
you can't be in a bad mood when there's badass Gypsy Punk music in your ears ! 
I just downloaded 99 songs of the Gypsy Punk/folk/indie/ska variety ... I love beemp3.com ... 
My headphones don't go loud enough to give this dubstep justice ! 
\Bitch I don't date nuthin i can't spell ! \"" 
For the first time in my life i want a Big < PROPMALE > before 7am ... but can i get one ? NoOoO .... stupid McDonalds ............. 
Epic naked man is epic . 
Saw \Repo : The Genetic Opera\ " last night ... its epic . now im waitin for J-girl while she gets tatted up . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj is fucking awesome . 
some random lady outside of goodwill gave us a big friggen ham ... who does that ? lol 
CLAIRES IS LEAVING THE MALL !?!? god damnit .... 
< PROPMALE > Nye is a cool guy . 
Woah .... i just sent a txt .... TO MYSELF !!.... freaky lol 
