Can't Sleep anymore ... Waiting for six when I can talk some more tylenol !! 

Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ... raise awareness . 
At hospital its time . My phones off do message me on Facebook 
I have a healthy baby girl :) 
Is loving being a mommy today ! 
Home withe the baby ! 
Even when it has been a long day , Tru knows just what to do to make me smile :) 
Just got back from Tru's doctor appointment . She's a healthy little girl . The doctor even told me to brag about her weight at 8lbs 10oz . Nearly a pound over her birth weight and just two weeks old :) 
Reasons to Love Being a Mom : #7 The 100th reading of Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > is every bit as good as the first :) 
Reasons to Love Being a Mom : #1 You receive a reception worthy of the next American Idol even though you'd only left the room for a minute to get more wipes . 
Tru is two months old today ! My , how time flys ! 
Going to watch Pretty Little Liars with my Kenzie tonight ! Super excited to get out of the hosue ! 
Had a great 4th ! Tru got to experience her first fireworks ! She slept right through them though .. Thats ok we still had a lot of fun ! 
Tru is three months old today ! She is getting too big too fast ! She has already started rolling over ! What am I going to do with this big baby ? 
Argh ! Wish so badly that I could sleep like normal people !! 
Tru got her three month pictures taken today ! They are so cute ! I can't wait to get them up ! Hopefully get to see my Kenzie today ! Makes for a pretty good day :) 
Got a Job :) I'm Super Excited ! 
Tru had such a long day already ! She had her four month check up , which means MORE SHOTS :S But she's a trooper and she's feeling much better now ! 
Tru survived her first night sleeping by herself and getting herself to sleep ! It was tough but we did it . I hope it keeps getting easier for her . But WOW is she getting big ! 
Tru and Kaia had their first trip to the Mall of < PROPFEMALE > today ... Now they are offically < PROPFEMALE > ns :) 
Wow how time flies . Tru is 5 months old today ! I don't know what I'm going to do with this little big girl ! 
Really Mr. Woodpecker ... Must you peck right by the window of the room where Tru is taking a nap ? Must you ? 
My baby is 6 months old today ! Who said she could get that big ? Certainly not me ! 
27 Days until Christmas :) 
Tru started crawling today ! Just a little bit . She much prefers walking around the couch , but she did it ! She's starting to grow up into a little girl . How scary :S 
Just finished wrapping ALL of Tru's presents ! Whew ! Now I am really excited about Christmas ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas from Tru and me !!! 
Tru is nine months old today ! It's amazing how fast they go from being babies to little people ! I love her sooooo much :) 
Tru went to the zoo today for her first time ! She loved looking at the fish ! It was even cuter to see her a Kaia eat together at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . Kaia generously gave Tru the food she didn't like . And together they left a wonderful mess of food on the floor . So much fun ! <3 
Enjoyed watching Mia play basketball today ! Way to go ! I so enjoy days with the entire family :) 
Tru had her weight check today ! She gained almost a pound . She's back on the curve again . Now we just have to keep it up . She definitely is not a big eater . She is strong and healthy but could do without the whole eating thing . Picky , picky child ! 
Done with my midterm ! Ready for a break :) 
Wow ! Tru is 11 months old today :) One more month and she will be a year . It's crazy how time flies ! 
