good news story on khq6 tonight about former members of the drug smuggling ring out of CDA . 

had a very interesting morning and a great thanksgiving . Hope everyone else enjoyed the holiday as well . Now it is back to work for me . 
I took one of those five hour energy drinks .... pretty sure im gonna have a heart attack any second now . 
I need to sleep . 
\Life is just too short to dance with fat girls . \"" 
Grilled oysters , chilli calamari salad , cajun crab bisque , barbequed salmon with asparagus , and I dont know what for desert yet ... Im cookin a feast !! 
Hmmm ..... Mass Effect 2 or fifa 2010 ??? 
good morning people !! 
Final season of Lost starts tonight ... No Big Deal !! 
Terrible night ... fights , cops , one kid missing , and now a lot of paperwork . Who's drinkin wit me tonight ? 
G & T's baby !! 
I meet a lot of crazy people in my line of work but I swear the weirdest come from Montana ... I got nothin against Montana but DAMN !! Figure that shit out people . And people from Tenessee ... Wow , read a book . Yeah I said it ! 
Mosely , Mosely , Mosely ... after all that talk !! 
I love ham !! 
We need a < PROPMALE > Street Barbeque in Spokane !! Pulled pork sangwich and some bbq shrimp ... Figure it out Sposlow !! 
\Wal ... Mop ! \"" 
I should get out of bed , but feeling lazy today ... think I'll watch Super Troopers instead ... 
Just bought a fifth of gin ... lets see where this day goes !! 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > : ( 
Bbq'n and live music ... dont get much betta ! 
FISHING !! 
I dont know if you know this ... but i've been drinkin < PROPFEMALE > mist since it first hit the stores . No big deal though . 
“The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time . ” 
Bye all ... be back in a week 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > . 
I think its time for another pup . 
Workin on a saturday ... Not cool !! 
Where's my pizza !!!??? 
So , is there a time limit on fortune cookies or what ??? 
And so the craziness begins ... bring it on !! 
\obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal . \"" 
At the sound check for Spokan's Got Talent ... gonna be pretty impressive ... go get tickets for the show this saturday !! 
finally a day off !! 
Anyone Know of a good Mexican restaurant in Spokane ??? 
Tech n9ne tuesday baby !! 
Pizza and good music on my day off ... don't get much betta !! 
How much coffee is too much coffee ?? 
For all you parents out there who decide to abuse and/or neglect your children ... FUCK YOU !! start taking responsibility . protect your children . Love your children . Be a parent !! 
Thanks for all the b day wishes . thank you < PROPFIRST > , makaya , and < PROPFEMALE > for sushi ! 
these 6 am shifts are killin me !! 
\Wars of nations are fought to change maps . But wars of poverty are fought to map change \"" 
9 hours of work so far today ... just 7 more to go ! 
i got Californication season 3 sittin at my house ... cant wait to get off work . 
Give it up for DJ Roomba !! 
Just watched somebody's house burn down today ... very sad right before Christmas . 
People who go out of their way to cause problems at the workplace need to figure their lives out . 
a certain someone 
No more workin sundays !!! 
I think its about time i hit up the apple store . 
Oh , what a night ! 
Hmmm ... go fishing or go sleep ??? 
Some things are definitely worth waiting for 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > 
getting tired 
should be an interesting night 
i think it's a \Mamma Mia's\ " day ! " 
its friday people ... whats happening 
Feeling a bit stressed ... hoping for some change . 
It's official ... I AM LEGIT ! 
just picked up dinner !! chinese tonight . yumm 
Lunch ! 
excited for tonight ! haven't been out in a while ! 
No bacon in the fridge !!?? going to the store . 
can't wait till 9am ! 
down to my last cigarette forever i hope !! 
Hypocrisy : The state of pretending to have beliefs , opinions , virtues , feelings , qualities , or standards that one does not actually have , or applying a criticism to others that one does not apply to oneself . \ 
\ 
One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others . ~ Moliere 
