HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE !!!!! 

Good night everyone and HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!! and may Auburn win today !!! 
Auburn Victory CHECK < PROPMALE > out with friends CHECK unexpectably saw Sherlock Holmes CHECK .... Sounds like a good way to start the year !!!!!! :-) 
only got 2 hours of sleep last night been up since 5 hahahaha .... going to get ready and go to church and then to a day of ... well i dont know yet but i'll figure it out later :-) 
i don't think i've ever felt this bad in my entire life . 
is feeling like crap and hurting everywhere right now . 
first week of Auburn was awesome and now has wireless internet for his apartment . 
just has two more classes today thanks to english having conferences for our first essay . 
was thinking about going to the THS football game this friday but is rethinking that since everyone in T-town has swine flu . 
Got 2 tests today woohoo not just a wee bit nervous for my econ1010 test just a little . 
feels bad for all the people who have swine flu but wont comment their status to save them a few deleted emails lol(youknowwhoyouare ) 
has no class this afternoon but has a government test tomorrow morning . 
has to finish my essay thats due tomorrow for english then going back to auburn sometime tonight . 
another awesome day on Auburn University .... at least weatherwise lol . 
well i just feel great today considering i only got 4 hours of sleep last night ... not ! 
what about < PROPMALE > tate blowing up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > heck yea !!!!! war eagle !!!!!! 
ready for my math test tomorrow odds of a 100% very slim lol 
so i went home for the weekend to go back to my apartment today to find out my water heater busted saturday drenched my carpet and caused the ceiling on the room below me to fall ... but on the brightside i made a 100 on my math test lol 
rough weekend and even rougher week/weekend ahead ... why can't some good things be easy ...... * sigh * 
so this week was rough enough without me messing up but now its just horrible ... and things don't look to get any better any time soon . 
for this weekend i have a math and a government test to study for a geography project to start and finish and an english essay to finish ... spare time where are you when i need you lol 
missing a day of some great college football War Eagle !!!!!!! but hey i've finished my essay for english yay !!!!!! 
i take a deep breathe and look in the mirror ... i look the same but i feel different ... times of changes are difficult but when they are done the results are so awesome . 
feeling kind of rough and has a lot of studying to do for a government test tomorrow . 
has a project to do for geography thats due tomorrow ... anyone have a printer i can use . 
is ready for thanksgiving what about yall ????? 
is debating to do ultimate frisbee or go to the playoff game at Tallassee ... which should i do ???? 
so i'm sitting outside in my truck charging my phone because i left my charger at my apartment , and SOMEONE is texting/calling me tonight you know who you are and you should feel special I would do this for anyone else . Plus its freezing outside ... fml 
has come to the conclusion life is not so great for those who are hot headed and puts his foot in his mouth ... alot :( 
thinks football fanatics are living up to there names lol glad everyone is happy that their team won !! 
can't wait for the weekend to get here because i'm going to the Auburn vs < PROPFEMALE > saturday !!!!! HECK YEA !!!!!! 
today sucks really really bad it can't really get any worse !!! 
all i can say is its a national holiday and i still have class . :-/ 
should be doing a power point for a class but is distracted with planning a trip to Athens for the Auburn vs . < PROPFEMALE > game ! 
doesn't know exactly why i'm still up ................. 
3rd sinus infection for the year .... but no sinus infection shall stop my conquest to ATHENS and the auburn game lol .... but man do these things suck !!! 
had an awesome time in < PROPMALE > Stadium !!! Truly a stadium every SEC should visit ... and thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for going to the game with me yall made it fun !! 
is need of some serious sleep time and can't wait til this week is over so Thanksgiving Break would be here YAY !!!!!! 
has just realized that i have a essay due tomorrow ... and power point ... well looks like my day is full :-( 
well i'm bored out of my mind and has absolutely nothing to do :-( 
well this past week/weekend has been awesome !!!! now back to school booooooooo lol 
thinks i shall be up studying all night ... not cool ! 
well this week has started off very interesting ... hoping it calms down and gets less interesting and quick 
realizes i officiallly miss thanksgiving break because government is sooooooooo boring !!! 
so for the rest of the week i have an essay due that needs to be finished by friday but not due til monday ... strange ... and finishing the rest of my math ... then we move on to finals 
tired and a little down right now .... thus no more working on school stuff and off to bed :/ 
rough day + english paper = sad < PROPMALE > :( anyone is welcome to cheer me up .... 
is in a very relaxed state of mind right now and its been awhile since i was relaxed ... funny sometimes you just need a kick in the butt to start fixing stuff : -l 
has a dislike button thanks to firefox :-) 
well alabama lets make the SEC proud and win a fourth straight national championship for the SEC if you don't mind and congrats on a well deserved game . 
NOOOOOO !!!!!!! i wanted a TCU V . ALABAMA national championship game for christmas ...... 
going back to auburn around 6 if you need me text me 
so i go back to auburn and find out i have no cable which means no internet so i'll be in the library all night finishing math homework ... FML 
so i come back to my apartment and now my internet works YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY praise god 
thinks staying up til 2 doing math has killed me ... now to my essay . 
so i finally finished my schedule yay what a relief ... that just took so much stress off my shoulders ! 
is going home until wednesday to take a break from the endless studying i'm about perform . 
enjoyed making new friends last should do that more often ... thank you paper rock scissor lol 
just got home from seeing my maw maw for the first time in 8 years so its been a happy/emotional day :-) 
for the next two days i shall be studying , studying , and studying ... can't wait til tuesday at 10:30 a.m. when this semester is over :) 
about to take a math exam at 8 and then my geography exam at 12 wish me luck :) 
did my good deed for the day kept 2 people dry with my giant umbrella and 2 down one to go .... HECK YEA !!!! 
this semester is finally over !!! now to a much needed break . 
wow this is by far the most boring day ever ... 
this weekend will be awesome no epic :-) 
just saw an Iron Man 2 trailer and that movie is going to be awesome !!!! 
just 4 days til christmas yay ! :-) its going to be a great next couple of weeks !!! 
why am i up this early ???? 3 days til christmas !!! 
going to montgomery to shop , see maw maw , and then shop some more . sounds like a good day 
try this again ... i'm up early but didn't fall asleep til 3 . Christmas in 2 days yay !!!! 
HECK YEA ITS CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas and hope my friends and family had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas too !!!! good night 
warm brownies are awesome !!! :-) 
WTF < PROPFIRST > Sullivan aka the rev for Avenged Sevenfold was found dead in his house today ... this is messed up ! 
< PROPFIRST > swift and the skillet drummer are officially mine haha take that < PROPFIRST > 
2010 you have had more bad times than good but i'm thankful for the good times and seeing another new year come ! looking forward to what 2011 brings ... national championship please :D 
so i just wake up to find out the SEC's domination of the big 10 ... great state to the new year haha 
feels like a fat kid .... Ming's Garden has the best Chinese :-) 
has to go to auburn to pay rent today so much fun ... goodbye money ... 
well this week should be a good week and this weekend even better since its my BIRTHDAY sunday :-) 
the world never stops amazing me ! 
ok this time the world doesn't surprise me i just expect somethings now lol . 
so i just broke my phone ... well looks like i need a new one now lol 
so i would like to know who sent the totally hispanic text message to me lol 
is it me or is it impossible to sleep tonight ???? 
Has had an awesome saturday night/birthday thanks to friends !!! Also I would like to thank everyone who wished me HAPPY BIRTHDAY yall made my day !!!! :-) 
first day of is over YAY !!!! looks like this semester is going to be awesome !!!! :-) 
Math quiz bright and early in physics tomorrow at 8 ... seriously ???? 
so my math quiz isn't 8 in physics its at 6:30 ...... oh well 
One class down 2 to go 
is done with classes today heck yea 
so i'm hoping to sleep in my bedroom on my bed and pillow tonight ... not the other room on the floor and calculus book like last night .... :-) 
full throttle = crap MONSTER = AWESOMENESS !!!!! 
is home for the weekend ... this first week of school went pretty well or at least better than the my first week last semester lol 
believes that warmness on the soul by avenged sevenfold is my favorite song ... everyone should go listen to it :-) 
well i have absolutely nothing to do tonight ... 
between now and tomorrow i've got to do laundry , homework , clean truck , study , and pack up stuff and head back to auburn ... not much time to now is there ... :-( 
my head feels like its about to explode .... 
feels like crap this not sleeping kick i'm on sucks :-( 
is officially done cleaning for the night ... but i still have darn calculus homework oh well monster in the morning and i'm good lol :-) 
so its one of those interesting days when i can sleep but wake up at 630 then tackle limits in calculus at 9 then to find out the vending machine won't give you a Monster so i get a sprite and it explodes on me lol its a good day :-) 
is tired but still has some work that must be finished before i can sleep :-( 
so a math quiz and a somewhat surprise physics assessment test later and i'm halfway done with the longest day i have of class :-) 
so today was a good day a few surprises here and there ... but in general a good day now to the weekend heck yea !!!! 
had a good day/night hanging with friends and Legion is an ok movie 
its going to be one of those days ... i would trade with anyone for just this one day any takers ???? 
white fudge chunky chips ahoy ! = AWESOMENESS 
Pandora and Superbad just kept me from being bored during my mounds of homework 
first time in a while i'm actually worried about the future and its not mine for once ... 
WOW !!!!! i just had my world rocked .... 
thinks i need to start sleeping because i was totally late to my calculus class by like 10 minutes ..... 
some people are so immature and freak out about everything geez i mean seriously chill out 
the world just never ceases to amaze me haha i guess some surprises are good !!! 
change of plans this weekend went from being normal to complicated within hours 8-O lol but its still going to be an awesome weekend 
so i think its late enough now to start some homework lol :-) 
man 630 engineering physics labs are so not cool right they just interupted my nap ... 
this is going to be a long and stressful day :-/ 
wow i'm so foolish sometimes ...... 
so 4 Monsters in one day is a bit much maybe thats why they warn you that you should only have 3 per day ... fun stuff right now 8-D 
ahhhhhh that muhammad book is killing me !!!! 
successfully pulled an all nighter studying for my 2 tests this morning wish me luck 
feels sick hope they don't give me a 0 on my history test ... going to take a nap .. :-( 
has not left campus once today since 9am this has been one LONG day ... 
praise god for my smart GTA now i'm finished with my assignment now i just have to help < PROPFEMALE > with his great .... lhaha 
so i have a new phone so i need everyones ' < PROPFIRST > again just text me 
is not feeling to good right now ... 
i would like to ask everyone to please keep my family in your prays because my grandfather < PROPFIRST > Newman passed away this evening thanks . 
thanks for all the prays this week for my family ! 
i need a stress reliever .... suggestions would be much appreciated 
this might be a little late but the new facebook is gay it seems like everything messes up and they had just fixed the other version ... 
has been way to busy lately and thats not going to change anytime soon but oh well just want midterms to be done with 
sometimes its not the goodbye thats the toughest its the time afterwards .... 
well my day just went to heck ... school is killing me right now !!!! 
got not 1 but 2 midterms today and the 2nd isn't til 8pm ... for that calculus i shall make a 100 lol :-) 
is so about to fail my C programming midterm ... crap 
the only thing that can make this exam worse is rain and its about to start raining ... PORQUE ???? 
now done with tests til friday so now to reading a book for history and cleaning 
its amazing how everything is good then it falls to pieces so quickly .... 
my friends make me happy !!! :-) 
just got attacked by so robins ... lol done with class for the day now to studying for my history test 
feels pretty good about that history test that i stayed up all night studying for ... so this week i accommplished passing all my exams with flying colors ... no test for two weeks yay !!!! :-) 
you think with no sleep last night i could take a nap ... WRONG 
had an awesome weekend and to make things better first weekend this semester i've had no homework !!!! heck yea :-) 
the weather today is awesome !!! 
so i'm in engineering at auburn and i'm actually going to say i have an easy week this week ... thats a first and then next week is Spring Break heck to the yeah !!!! 
Green Monsters make the world spin 
what a lovely ten minute swim i'm about to do to class haha 
going back to auburn with only 4 classes til its my SPRING BREAK ... about time thought it would never come but i have nothing to do during it ... awesome 
just woke up and the only person at my house ... party party party haha yeah right lol 
sorry for the posts earlier i went a wee bit overboard sorry about that 
wow so the health care passed through the House ... words can't describe how stupid i think those people are who voted yes are ... :-/ 
i miss kindergarden and nap time 
completed the first part of my assignment and i don't want to go to lab but today's weather has been awesome !!!! 
will not be off campus til like 6 this blows but i finished my assignment today yay 
finally home and shall be relaxing for the rest of tonight 
is stuck in < PROPFIRST > Center working on memos and a report til 8 then going to a meeting in Broun ... talk about a long day ! 
is home at long last 
watching We are Marshall ... awesome movie but i have to be in Montgomery by 8am tomorrow 
just woke up from a 2 hour nap :-) now to laundry and studying for my calculus test 
heck yea the dream lives come on DUKE vs BUTLER finals 
well the laptop is fixed don't know what happened but it works 
just got done registering for classes and it looks like i'll be taking 11 hours in the summer and 17 hours in the fall . 
why do i have to have a physics test tomorrow ... :-/ 
this week has been interesting ... two tests and i met a self proclaimed christ jesus , resident of Ohio , at 5am in the library while studying who called me atheist ... haha what more can i say than interesting lol 
well last night was fun and today I go to the AUBURN vs LSU baseball game . WAR EAGLE !!! 
Well it's been about two months since my grandpa died and I think I finally have gotten back to my normal self before he died ... love you and R.I.P grandpa < PROPFIRST > 
it appears my hard work today is starting to pay off after a few unintelligent moments :-) 
so i completed my program and then had it lost thanks to my lovely computer ... but its a beautiful day outside :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Dunn , < PROPFEMALE > J . McDow just confused the mess out of me ... 8-O 
another beautiful day i wasted in lab ... braves game tomorrow then A-Day can you say awesome weekend ... I can lol 
well today hasn't been as good as I hoped ... :-/ 
in < PROPFEMALE > for the Braves game 
this has got to end i've been woken up at sun rise 3 straight days w/ a total of 10 hours of sleep ... stupid blinds ... but today is A-DAY so WAR EAGLE everyone !!! 
has felt like crap this whole day going to go get some rest and hope i feel better tomorrow 
10 hours of sleep and a lazy day is what i need to make it through this next week so 10 hours of sleep check and lazy day check haha :-) 
all this sleep is making me feel better again now to for another 3 hour nap !!!! 
praise god my blinds are finally fixed !!!!!! 
so i'm wondering why is fb chat being retarded and saying message error ... 
and here we go ... to very stress and probably unfun week 
correction after 5 hours of accomplishing nothing my head exploded ... 
thinks there should be a warning for Assignment 10 ... CAUSES SERIOUS HEADACHES !!!!! 
i absolutely hate fb mobile ... i just got over 100 texts in like 30 minutes and my phone looks like it is having a seizure ... thanks for notificating me friends 
I am in a desperate need of the weekend !!!! 
so screw class tomorrow my weekend started today !!!! 
has a few options for the weekend plans ... hmm what to do ??? 
the female GTA for c prog is extremely homo and that's the most i can say on facebook ... 
i have 2 weeks to salvage what i can from this semester ... crap this isn't looking good right now 
i know its early in the season but its never good when the Braves are behind the Nationals in the division standings . 
dear college of engineering you have controlled my life for the past 2 weeks because my lack of fortunes earlier this semester and my grades dropping so i would appreciate if you could give me a break this summer with Cal 2 and Physics 2 ... haha we can dream right :-) 
holy cow a monster and a large cup of black coffee later is like wow ... I've never been this awake EVER !!! :-) 
taken it easy today before we crack down on finals for the week . 
well I'm here in wetumpka with < PROPFIRST > and vehicle is broke ... not good 
well I have 2 hours of A's so far 
first well i'm done with c prog ... party party party ... crap i still have other finals and second avenged sevenfold is coming to Birmingham Sept . 3 ... i know where i'm going to be that day :-) 
so i'm ready for finals to be over so i can chill and enjoy myself for a week ! 
needs some new studying music suggestions for the rest of finals thanks 
ok enough joking around back to work 
wishes 2am would get here so i can find out what i made on my calculus exam ... 
OH HECK YEA I MADE A 97 ON MY CALCULUS FINAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well its 6 hours A's and 5 hours B's so far ... going to take some frustration out on a soccer ball :) 
whew that was fun but man am i outta shape hhahahahahah 
antistudying day was pretty awesome now to a lots of studying ... oh tuesday will you please please get here as quick as possible ! 
would appreciate if < PROPFIRST > Cunningham would quit poking me at untimely moments 
made breakfast for my mom HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!!! 
shall residing in the library for the next several hours doing nothing but physics ... oh what a joy ... 
the more and more i'm looking at physics the more and more i realize how much i've slacked this semester 
So I'm wondering am I a butthole or is it just to much stress affecting my personality ... 
finished with this miserable semester/last 3 months hoping summer brings back normality for me :) 
this is pure torture why can't my physics professor put grades on blackboard .... 
HELL YEAH I GOT A B IN ENGINEERING PHYSICS !!!!!! 
so i have brown hair but a red beard ... capt red beard haha i'm in a good mood 
man its great sleeping late annd sleeping through most of the day :) 
finally got new tires for my truck ... ROAD TRIP !!!!! haha :) 
for some odd reason i can't wait for classes to start this thursday 
so i'm pretty sure my parent's desktop is messed up since it randomly reboots itself ... thanks power outages you killed yet another electronic device 
i have done nothing today and i'm sooooooo tired/exhausted haha come on thursday 
my eyes are dilated and the sun is too bright today but on different bright note i get a new york strip for supper tonight to celebrate me good grades 
is back in Auburn for summer classes . 
so apparently 10% of overall grade in Cal 2 is on a test i take Monday ... great :/ 
the best way to kick back after a 8am class is take a 3 hour nap haha now i wish there were some people who wanted to play soccer or idk just do something 
so i'm hoping my weekend is more eventful than this past week :) 
AU Baseball Western Division Champs !!!! War Damn Eagle !!! 
is way tired and could use some good rest tonight 
I have rotten luck I don't sprain my ankle playing soccer I sprain it walking up the stairs :/ 
words cannot voice my frustration to Calculus 2 right now 
this 8am class is going to be the death of me 
has been captain of the good ship fail boat for the past few days haha wonder what else i can goof up on 
Summer classes thou < PROPMALE > he < PROPMALE > less and evil 
agenda for weekend go to THS graduation , possibly go to Hoover for SEC tournament , and then study and do homework ... oh yeah and catch up on sleep 
my cat just bit my ear ... geez what's up with that haha 
i just realized why i hate online homework ... 
War Eagle !!!! bring on the the regional games this weekend 
wow < PROPMALE > Federer just got beat and it wasn't by Nadal ... very strange 
so Soderling and Stosur for the French , Auburn for the CWS , Holland for the WC and Atlanta Braves for the WS sounds like good bets after all the wackiness going on in sports right now 
down goes Djokovic down goes Djokovic heck to the yea 
of all the days to feel like poo it had to be today ... :( 
so i apparently have no talent for picking sports anymore 
WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!!! AND WAR DAMN CREDE SIMPSON !!!!!!!! 
it looks like Auburn baseball tonight and god knows what for the rest of the week 
war eagle good season guys 
is hoping this week stops going down hill ...... 
all i can do is laugh at the kind of week i've had haha its been that weird 
= STUDYING FAIL hahaha 
just purchased tickets to see A7X Sept 3rd in Birmingham and the next day is Auburn's first football game ... that's going to be an EPIC weekend !!! 
i'm redoing my ipod touch so any suggestions for music and/or apps would be awesome ... thanks ! 
i hate T-mobile i lost service all afternoon today .... urgh :-/ 
< PROPMALE > of Persia is a good movie though < PROPMALE > Gyllenhaal is still gay :p 
is feeling like poopoo and doing Physics/Calculus hw since waking up hasn't made my day much better ... B-/ 
Happy Father's Day ... lost a few hairs on my hand today grilling for my dad hahaha 
procastination thou shall be the death of me !!! 
two thoughts ... 1 . school classes suck because they keep me from watching Wimbledon/World Cup ... 2 . Federer's comeback has inspired to learn tennis :) 
probably should be studying for my mid term but i feel like a GH study break is in order :) 
so USA wins the group , Roddick wins and Isner is playing a marathon match ... sounds like a good day for American athletes 
OH SNAP !!!! espn 3 is awesome I can watch 4 that's right 4 sporting events at one time ... oh and GO ISNER ! 
isner match suspended are you serious !!!!! 
Well the Dutch gets Slovenia in the WC and Isner survived but i have a 79 in Cal 2 right now ... decent way to start the weekend 8-) 
its just one of those days ...... 
hates having intellectual moments because they cause me to question everything ... its easier being dumb sometimes haha 
Heck yeah south < PROPFEMALE > wins . Sec back to back 
well federer is out ... oh well Blink-182 saves the day from a boring day of studying 
heck to the yeah the Dutch beat Brazil and i do believe that i beasted my physics test today !!!! 
having a tummy ache and studying for Cal 2 is a lethal combination 
so my teach made a mistake i made a 70 not a 35 on my last Cal 2 quiz and i made a 77 on my physics test oh yeah its a good day 
after hours of fighting with my wireless internet and blackberry i've given up today trying to fix them :-/ 
in the words of P . Diddy technology is mind f@#$ing me right now 
about to get my re-education in tennis on hahaha 
crap one of these days i'm going to realize that a sunday due date on homework means its due then and not that i can only work on it sunday haha 
7 hrs and 3 movies later ... harry potter boycott is officially over haha 
oh yeah just got my football tickets today ! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!!! 
Always look on the bright side of things and be positive those are the true keys to happiness and success haha I hope 
oh weekend how its so nice of you to come visit me :D 
is officially no longer captain red beard :) 
Curse you studying ... totally wish I was a super genius so I could just chill before tests and not study 
will be enjoying some much deserved rest tonight 
has messed up my wrist ... wonderful :-/ 
this week just keeps getting better and better ... not 
These next 2 weeks = much stress 
great my hand is swollen up 
well today has been a pretty awesome day ;) 
3 days and 3 tests until i'm free for 2 weeks :) 
Stress how nice of you to join me for the next two days ... 
this is pure torture ... 
summer semester over and done ... i need to recharge and get ready for whatever the fall has in store ... WDE 
best 13 hours of sleep i've had in weeks ... totally refreshing and needed 
Auburn is 23 in the USA today preseason poll WDE !!!! 
no Braves game tonight for me ... :( 
haha people never stop surprising me :p 
so I'm thinking eating 30 HOT wings was a BAD idea haha 
never ever again ... argh my stomach haha 
shall be a resident of auburn again tomorrow :) 
oh how my guitar hero skills have left me in one month haha 
correction ... definitely not ready for classes now after i know who my professors are hahaha 
I guess people change ... :-( 
fell and hit my head in the floor and was knocked out for about an hour ... not feeling to great 
well it appears that I don't have a concussion whew :) 
This is going to be one freaking AUsome semester !!! 
is in LOVE !!! :) 
about to hunt down < PROPFIRST > Dunn in a second for lunch ... this should be interesting . 
Auburn ranked 22 on the AP poll !!! WDE !!!! 
Mother of god I like hip-hop/rap now ... say wha haha 
so how abouts i'm having trouble adding 1's and 0's what the crap 
loves Auburn University for its beautiful ... SCENERY !!!! :) 
NOOOOOOOO !!!!! just ruined my homework with orange juice ... 2 hours wasted :-/ 
eh its just one of those days ... 
well this weekend turned sour quickly ... ready for A7x concert and the 1st Auburn football game WDE !!!! 
1 month ago this is not were i thought i would be .... just got to go with what life throws at you sometimes and act happy ... 
oh monday why are thee so cruel to me haha 
EPIC WEEKEND starts now !!!! WDE !!! 
AVENGED SEVENFOLD !!!!!!!! 
feels like a zombie right now 
hmmm to study for differential equations test or watch Federer .... Federer hahah 
Happy birthday to the grooviest old man I know my dad !!!! And WAR EAGLE !!!!! 
Auburn wins a defensive battle !!! WDE !!!!! 
why oh why does my engineering professors feel the need to give homework over the weekend ??? 
So I think for the first time in a month I'm motivated and happy !!! 
i honestly believe being a nice guy is a waste of my time .... 
got a high five from AJ Greene after the game ... AUsome !!!! and that was one heck of a game one of the best i've ever seen !!!! WDE !!!!! and to a night of celebrating !!!!! 
learned a very valuable life these past few weeks ... care only about yourself and no one else since the person you least expect will lie and use you or people will turn on you for no reason ... 
its been a rough day ... maybe this week will get better 
4-0 !!! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!! 
Auburn is ranked 10th in the AP poll !!! WDE !!!! 
This week is going to be the most stressful I have til probably finals ... great !!! 
is thinking I was insane for the class schedule i made for this semester haha 
Grammar skills dead after 24 hours of no sleep ... 3rd try ... please weekend get here so I can have my date ... with the back of my eyelids ! 
night #2 of no sleep begins now ... so sleepy but must study .... 
oh the joys that the college of engineering brings me in the form of tests and lab reports ... 
Talk about a wild wild day of football !!! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!! 
got an interview with southern company tomorrow wish me luck !!! 
Auburn wins and I won a autographed football by < PROPFIRST > Chizik !!!!!! AUsome day !!!! :) 
War damn eagle !!! #1 
in honor of San < PROPFEMALE > being the world champs i'm going to channel my inner < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for no shave November haha 
in the library for an all nighter for my circuit analysis test ... WDE ! 
curse thee engineering hw curse thee !!! 
11-0 and SEC WEST CHAMPS !!!! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!! Atlanta here we come 
please thanksgiving break get here as quickly as possible !! I'm tired of homework lol 
just 2 more days !!!! heck yea 
on a sad note i just realized i'll be in tallassee all next week ... the one good note i'll at least have some good food from the parentals yay !!! 
< PROPMALE > potter premiere tonight woohooo !!! 
HEY ALABAMA , HEY ALABAMA ! WE JUST BEAT THE HELL OUT OF YOU RAMMER JAMMER YELLOW HAMMER GO TO HELL ALABAMA !!!! and ITS GREAT TO BE AN AUBURN TIGER !!!! 
Auburn is #1 in state and the country !!!! WDE !!! 
ready to watch the SEC championship game in the Auburn Arena ! 
OMG !!! WDE !!!! 
SEC CHAMPS !!! 
so Auburn plays for the National Championship on my birthday ... it must be a sign lol 
praise god i avoided an academic nightmare this semester ... but this semester has been nothing but a nightmare ... :/ 
correction this semester is officially an academic nightmare ... :( 
Christmas tree up now time for some hot chocolate ! 
it feels awesome to wake up at 1 and know i haven't missed anything important lol 
the family cat , Xena , passed away today :( ... it was a great 13 years 
kinda in the Christmas mood but not really ... 
so it snowed on Christmas in Alabama ... yet another good sign for Auburn haha :D 
Two weeks til my birthday and national championship game heck yeah 
so I have xbox live again and now my halo 3 disk works ... great day 
finds irony that the biggest play of the game for OSU came from a player suspended for the next 5 games ... so why not this one ???? 
ready to return to Auburn !!! 
less than 24 hours away !!!! 
WDE !!!! GREATEST BIRTHDAY EVER !!!!!!!! LOVE ALL OF YALL !!!!! 
so its going to be hard to top my 20th bday !!! A National Championship from Auburn ... WDE !! 
hopes Cam has just as much success in the NFL as he did here at Auburn ! WCE ! 
thinks < PROPMALE > Fairley is going to be a beast in the NFL ! WDE !!! 
so the new official A7X drummer is Arin Ilejay ... sounds like another reason to see them live again haha 
damn you Chemistry hw and keeping me from the weekend but at least Auburn landed a top O-line prospect today WDE !!! 
Not ready for class .... 
sinus headache , slipping and falling on my ass , and wet pants ... all thanks to this beautiful weather ... 
an hour and a half of archer ... my week just improved big time !!!! 
\the age of consent is 14 \"- girl \ " what is Germany like the Alabama of Europe ? \"- Archer " 
its amazing how much you can do with a little motivation ... 
likes when it rains/thunderstorms 
studying and homework will be the death of me :/ 
4:00 AM by A7x is pretty awesome ... that and Devil Wears Prada makes studying ok tonight 
why the fook would anyone want to kill Toomer's Oaks ... bastards !!! 
so who wants to find < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > in Dadeville , < PROPMALE > right about now ... 
i either dominated that chemistry test .... or got raped ... never a good sign 
so gift to self after surviving finals this semester trip to Pensacola , FL for an Avenged Sevenfold and Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > Concert !!! hurry up summer !!!! 
oh why must teachers cram so much work into the 2 weeks before spring break 
sleep why do you elude me !!! 
and here we go ... to the last and stressful week before spring break 
2 tests , 1 essay , 1 program , and 1 chem lab til spring break ... thats a lot of crap to do in the next 48 hours 
FREEDOM !!!!!! 
Loves having classes they make naps so much more awesome :-D 
has conquered the pounder and now has meh picture on the wall of cheeburger cheeburger ! 
KENTUCkY !!!!!!! 
thunderstorms make me sleepy but i have an essay due today ... hmm how cruel of you mother nature 
so i have twitter now ... just another way to waste time and not study :D 
this week is going to be pure chaos it appears ... come on summer !!! 
my logic my be off here but i've only slept 13 hours this week and this week has flown by ... so maybe i should do this every week ... 
just got < PROPMALE > rolled by my Cal 3 teacher lol 
I like hiding in strange closets and getting my swag jacked 
ok try number 2 ... i woke up feeling like < PROPFIRST > sheen ... winning and my left knee is swollen and extremely bruised .... 
Plans for week ... not a clue I just know I'm sleeping during the night this time 
