text from last night < PROPFEMALE > com drink and be glad your normal 

bootleg race 
im goin back to cali 
So far this year has sucked . 
Love can sometimes be magic . But magic can sometimes ... just be an illusion . 
cold in ny 
feel like shit and this motel sucks 
i used to think love would be all you needed but it takes a hell of alot of work ... and im ready for it 
sick in a motel on the road by myself 
missin the one 
home at last .... 
home on the couch healing damn armagedon 
i think the bruises on my foot have come in colors yet to be seen by man 
tired 
nap time 
next 3 days off 
3 days off does wonders 
Can never trust anyone 
Searching flights ..... 
Home tuesday 
Nessun dorma 
CORONA ........... 
I live in little mexico , corona is what we do 
Married ? Just kidding ..... 
Relaxing after a great day 
Comin home fathers day 
Hit a bucket of balls yesterday . I could get into this . 
Thanks for the bday wishes 
To practice is perfection 
What we believe is what we feel .... 
Can't wait to move out 
God its hot 
\You squish lucky cricket ? \"" 
I try and I try guess I have to try harder 
everyone is fine cars totaled what do i do now is this what i get for being a nice guy and letting my ex girlfriends brother drive it to work ? no its life and it happens 
I am going to buy a motorcycle no more rides for everyone else 
4 days off 
Hot 
got my motocycle permit today 
Vacation goin back to cali .. cali 
I forgot how good lawnmower man really was 
California is ok until you hit a bar that is secretly a yankees establishment ........ 
Back to work .... 
One day . 
If you constantly wonder if you could be happier , you'll never be happy . 
Got home and the rat was dead .... ill miss him 
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle . \ 
Then I realised God doesn’t work that way , so I stole\ 
one and prayed for forgivenes 
God its only Monday ? 
Everything I never wanted 
When it all comes crashing down the pieces are there to build a new foundation 
Who knew ? 
work and then spending my would be 4 years learning to drag my knee 
feels good to ride again 
A man and his wife were sitting in the living room discussing a \Living Will . \ " \ 
5 hour drive , finally home and I don't want to be here . 
I should get an endorsement deal with mgd 
Cee-lo you genius 
Just put a down payment on a ducati can't wait 
And I'm like fuck you and fuck her too oo oooo ooo 
\Promises made in the sun may change as the sky darkens \"" 
So nice out 
So sore from utah 
< PROPFIRST > Moss shut the fuck up 
Two more days ... 
Stung by a < PROPFEMALE > first day on the course sweet 
Alot 
Just had the best day of 2010 so far . Bought a new motorcycle , got my license , registered my bike and found a $100 < PROPMALE > on the ground in front of everyone standing in line at the DMV 
interbike dirt demo tomo 
Not sure how I went almost ten years without buying another motorcycle 
Ducati monster 6000 mile service $644 . Tail chop $11 . New helmet and jacket $500 . New open clutch cover and pressure plate $350 . The amount of women that flirt with you even when they cant see my face-priceless- 
why is it a hundred pound dog shakes during a thunder storm 
There's something to be said for going around a corner at 100 < PROPMALE > an hour 
If you got a problem , take it up with my butt cause he's the only one who gives a crap . 
shower then work 
finally cooling off in vegas 
Dear Rat , \ 
\ 
You will be missed . 
just learned < PROPMALE > giraldo died at age 44 its a shitty world we live in 
Is it gonna be like moss is visiting his step parents ? 
Beatings and all ? 
Dumped the bike 
home in vegas after a great couple days in co 
sometimes you just dont get it ...... 
Bootleg Canyon . Its been to long since I've made a blood donation 
Ordered a new pressure plate and clutch cover for the duc < PROPFEMALE > xmas to me 
44 degrees out feels like 36 . Now isn't that a relative statement . Feels like 36 unless you have a jacket ... or you're on a motorcycle going 90 mph 
i now own a pair of leather pants 
I have discovered the joy of clutchless shifting 
Removed the charcoal canister today little more responsive , next core the pipes 
Off to watch the fight hope mr canada goes down hard 
And its down hill for gb now 
A twist of the wrist-ayone with a bike should read this 
Fishtailing in the rain ..... awesome 
Installed new rear tail light , < PROPFEMALE > xmas to me 
Its snowing 
\A candle that burns twice as bright burns twice as fast \"" 
