I can't stand today , and tomorrow doesn't seem much brighter 

3rd day in and already wish this year was over .... less then 2 months til I'm back home . lets hope I find a job before I leave 
is the Worlds Loneliest and Saddest Panda 
Feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > squished between the pages of a forgotten tome 
ok , missionaries spelled her name wrong . its Abish 
Just got stabbed in the heart again 
has decided it doesnt matter what the realtor says , my notes and pictures are going back up ! its my house til it sells 
is watching Post Nuclear Holocaust Madness on Fallout 3 
is taking a sick day . sick of the job , wyoming , and life in general today 
has just got home from the first night of fireworks work . Im so bringing my camera and an extra phone battery . Sprint and < PROPFEMALE > do not mix 
Starting my 5k calorie regiment a day . Starting Full blast on my bowflex again Monday . Nano Vapor and Anabolic Halo , by the time i hit florida i'm gonna be freaking huge 
thinks since is disposition is gloomy and cold , thats why cheyennes weather has been gloomy and cold .... mmm Gorilla < PROPFEMALE > - < PROPFEMALE > . 
is counting down the days . 9 more til i get my license and drive to devils tower !!! i so think ill jump off 
has decided people need to get skype and video chat with me . I HATE BEING ALONE 
is buying a speedo , beach party tonight and im so gonna win the 500 doullars !!!!! 
won way more then 500 dollars with the speedo last night , sweet !!! 
so ice age was amazing . now its time to watch lets go to prison 
Sitting by a fire and wondering how much more can i take . 
................... no comment 
has gotten his license back . now its time to sell the car and get my SUV . Found a 03 Escalade for 15900 . Im so on it !!! 
is going to a bbq , i so wish < PROPFEMALE > Frontier Days wasn't a week and a half long . Also , is it bad when you go to change your oil and ....... its very clumpy ? ( hadn't changed the oil in over a year and a half ) 
enjoying a nice quiet day watching guitar hero 
Fighting with Ebay and Paypal about a great product i sold and got scammed !! 
is going for a long interstate ride with his 9k Stereo system .... cant wait to put it in the Escalade !!! 
taking another sick day 
one more day til I'm old . 
can't wait to get rid of this house , anyone know someone that wants to live in wyoming ? 
only way this day can get any worse for me is if i start digging my heart out with a dull spoon , but wait its already been ripped out . :( 
is still getting buried in his personal hell 
uploading songs vocalizing my demeanor 
Friends and Neighbors don't understand the pain , they don't ask so i dont explain about me , it's so strange to have so much and feel alone , hey man the phones for you but I'm Not HOME . It's going to be an early fall . I feel I've nearly lost it all . * < PROPFIRST > Volz 
was part of a high speed < PROPMALE > away from a Suburban for about 15 minutes . I love when cops are waiting for speeders . My passenger side is damaged but that retard got 4 charges against him . Damn I hate this town more and more as the days go by 
Why is it , that even with all the great steps you make to better your life . Someone has to try to keep beating you down and having you want to run back to the devastation you left behind ? 
Anyone Have some wire taps and a coconut in mafia wars i can have ? 
If anyone cares , I have updated my new phone number on my info < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hating today . 
tired of being without the only person that means the world to him 
Why am I erroring out on every game I play on here .... anyone else having that problem ? 
MMMM ...... Season Finale of True Blood tonight ... i might have something to do around 11pm 
3 hours of cleaning house , and now all i want is an axe and I've almost got my Venom VCn-1000 installed . Wow , I've been a busy beaver 
some say love is not for sinners , i believe that isn't true , cause when i was finished sinning , love came down and showed me you , and you told me how to get there , so i tried to find a way then i ran into your garden , but i tripped out the gate , i tripped out the gate what are you doing to me ? i'm so into you- Hedley . Trip 
Nothing Like EBS and Insomnia 
bored 
Totally failed tonight .............. months and months of hard work screwed on one person ripping my whole insides out . Day 1 starts again tomorrow . Frick !! 
Is going to be bald after his 6th weekend on call . 
spending the day cleaning and finding all the information he can on starting school at LCCC in the spring . 
God is great .... Beer is good .......... People are crazy 
Spent the day cutting tree branches and splitting wood to get ready for winter . Calling the phone company tomorrow to see about relocating or removing phone cables . After that its picking up free stuff to furnish upstairs . Still havent got a call back for a night job but eh , if i can start school in january i wont need one ...... Anyone want to move to < PROPFEMALE > and live here ? i have to rooms i need to fill 
is waiting on a vet to call back . Teancum got bit or stung and his right eye is swollen shut .... 
bored out of his mind . no work but getting paid anyway ..... 
Why is the rum always gone ? 
having another night of boring nothingness ..... Assassins Creed 2 needs to hurry up 
Doing everything I can to not slip back to my old habits . On day 2 , its getting harder and harder . I have no one close to me to < PROPFEMALE > with or keep my mind of all the torment ........... Grrrr . 
had a long night after a nice vent session .. took 15mg of melatonin , was still up til 5 then had a horrible conference call . Anyone hiring ? 
Worked all day without motivation .. just got home a bit ago . Anyone have ideas on how to get dogs to quit digging holes ? 
Another long day , but after i finish helping paint the house next door ill have a full size fooseball table . yay . <---- ( said like special < PROPMALE > ) 
Spent the past 2 days ripping the suspension of my car . It's almost winter and the transformation of the Stratus has begun . Tomorrow , turning in FASA paperwork , taking comp test at LCCC , and giving the attorney my driving record cause the courts totally screwed up on my Deferance 
Well didnt make it to the college yet , but have picked up the needed applications for a night job at restaurants . lets hope someone hires this Sad Panda 
Wishing he can get another job 
Is wondering why people take what is said in movies and believe thats how a relationship is supposed to be . Relationships are not based on leverage and who can get out without getting hurt . Wtf !?!? 
disheartened by my phone breaking and not letting me talk to the world's most beautiful woman this morning 
Got my phone replaced , drove all the way to Dubois and don't have any service to talk to my sweetheart .... Not only do I hate Wyoming but the phone companies do too 
so its more then just the flu . It's the great H1N1 virus ..... after 2 days waiting , cold/hot flashes and sweats , up and down fevers . Had the doctor check and sure enough , im home ridden for a week . hope i dont get < PROPFEMALE > sick ..... 
WTF 
So some how I have to make it to fort collins next week for oral surgery . All 4 wisdom teeth are laying down under the gums , wrapped up in my nerves , and destroying my molars . Only surgeon Cigna caters too . No car , can't use the work < PROPFIRST > , and the dentist forgot to finish the perscription so the pharmacy wouldn't fill it . With all that fun happening there is so much more stress added . 
Well what is this is the mail ? a settlement check ?! sweet bagebbies ! 
Murphy's law is kickin my butt . Swine flew 2 weeks ago , wisdom teeth issue last week , by which are also infected , and yesterday i cleaned up stairs and magically got what < PROPFEMALE > had ...... I'd rather have the flew again ! at least i got my settlement check . 0 . o 
The memories stacking up ; And they pull at my guts ; What do I have to do to end it ? The better days hacked away ; Leaving the only pain ; This regret is never ending But in the blink of an eye ; This life passes you by I wish that I could give you my time - Atreyu Dooomsday 
So I have decided I am the < PROPMALE > of bad luck , come near me your life will go to shit 
is off on the fantastic voyage to get drugged and teeth removed . Wish this nervous guy some luck 
mmmm ... Papa < PROPFIRST>'s Six meat pizza . :) 
Wanting to squish some heads like grapes . yup the purple ones , cause the green ones taste way to good 
do the konami easter egg code in face book . up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , enter . you'll get crazy circle til you log out 
why ? 
not in the mood for anything today . slept til 130 and want to go back to bed already 
Well if my luck got any better I'd have someone steal my dogs . I get approved for a < PROPFEMALE > but they need me to send info as to why I have so many delinquent bills on my credit score . My jaw drops , my stomach turns , and I find out some asshole in Texas has been using my SS# since February . I'm now a happy member of life lock and have 2 weeks worth of paperwork to do to prove I've never lived in Texas 
Anyone have an idea how to not spend the whole day sleeping ? Its getting old that everyday I don't work I'm dead to the world til 1 or 2 and it doesn't even matter what time I went the bed the night before 
Anyone have a couch i can borrow and know of any job opening in the FWB/Destin area . I'm looking and just hoping some people have heard anything 
-10 degrees tonight . totally not liking that idea 
i go to work , leave my cell phone home to charge and it burns itself out 
so my 7.1 receiver fried last night , and now the back door knob turns but does not open .... freakin a 
So instead of me buying For < PROPFEMALE > r Strong , my dad knowingly sent it to me for christmas . :) 3 packages and one wrapped , i love my family . I do beli < PROPFEMALE > i will make watching that movie a tradition < PROPFEMALE > ry christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
Let's Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this ! 
So need a fuckin ativan 
Anyone need a Dd tonight ? Call me I need out ! 801.647.6153 
Happy new years everyone :) 
Mission DD completed , yay 
I love thunderstorms 
So two mayans were in a room , one was watching the other chiseling a calendar . When it was finished and he had blown off the dust , the one watching asked , \ why does it end Dec 21 
another day of sitting at home with no work and getting paid . 
mmmm . Dragon Age . 
freezing horribly today ....... cant feel my toes 
Yay , finally got the < PROPFEMALE > money . Today starts the moving saga . 1.5 months and im finally out of chyenne . 
I saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently ! I'd give them a constitution ; but I can't find mine right now ! ~~~ Status borrowed from a friend . . . keep it goin REPOST THIS 
So i broke my phone last night , gotta love water . If everyone could call me so i can rebuild my phone listings that would be awesome 
Tv , PS3 , old Tv , and foosball table are up for grabs on craigslist . If they sell im not waiting the two weeks after my psych appointment to get the hell out of hell . 
What the Eff . No job listings on < PROPFEMALE > coast help wanted , cant get the the classifieds in any northwest florida news paper . 
Ok everyone please vote . I have 3 weeks left of Wyoming and am stuck with 2 choices . Fort < PROPMALE > Beach , or Bountiful , Utah . Which do you think would be a better place for me ? The first place , the person I was coming for has totally dropped me and the Second I would be moving back in with the ' rents til i get back on my feet . 
so not tired . 
yay , all i have to do is paint , but i forgot brushes . would a finger painted entryway look bad ? :) 
anyone figure out how to bookmark games your playing in the new facebook layout ? i cant find it anywhere 
I put my resignation letter in on monday stating Feb 26th will be my last day . So what do they do ? Fire me today . tomorrow i get to enjoy signing up for unemployment 
Made it to bountiful . 
Yay , just activated and updated my Iphone . I've finally stepped out of the Palm Age . i feel so lost 
holy crap . need 152 more Politico Corruptos to finish off cuba ..... what a sad day . 
2 more days ..... im going insane on the inside 
Unemployment ........ they paid for the first two weeks and then said , ' wait we need to double check the reason you were terminated from your job . ' 
I'm a suck a gluten of bad luck . Guy from complex brings the replacement hiem joint today . I install it and dont even drink half a mile and the passenger side hiem joint goes out .... oh my gosh ! 
So im watching inkheart . cant really get into it 
bored ......... 
2nd bi weekly claim filed . hopefully tomorrow theyll call and say all is good and i can finally use my UE visa card to pay some bills . 
mmmm . Just added the IHeartRadio app to my Iphone . < PROPFIRST > beck and Hannity at the touch of a phone . I'm in heaven . its been almost 4 weeks since ive heard em 
Good night everyone . Tomorrow looks to be a day of phone calls and more car work , Plus doing my 2 job attempts for the day . wishing myself luck 0 . o 
So Apparently if you wake up late for work and not given enough time to call in cause your late before your boss is at your door thats being absent . Im appealing the damn UE decision but no matter looks like when my dad gets back from Vegas I'm gonna need to talk with him about help 
Bad way to end the day . I am So sorry for losing it . Months and years lost in one moment of stupidity . 
Just got done plastic welding my foglights back together , cleaned all the haze off of all the lenses on the car . Tomorrow i get to put the fogs back together , paint the inside of my headlights and then start changing all the gaskets on the motor so she stops leaking everywhere 
Tried to plastic weld my bumper today .... Epic Failure , so glad i dont care how it looks since ill be replacing it with a body < PROPFEMALE > soon enough 
Anyone have insects they can give me in zoo world ? i cant buy any :( 
bored out of my mind 
Spending the day pricing out parts for a quick overhaul on my engine and transmission , Gotta get her ready for a 3.5 k drive .... Tuesday will be fun day , so much oil and grease to play with . :) 
All fluid in the car have been flushed and changed to Fully synthetic , even the headlight fluid . Muffler bearing lubed and ready to go , but the DAMN swaybar endlink keeps breaking . Tomorrow the top of the motor comes off and cleaned and put back together . yay . 
So far my appeal must be going through for UE cause utah now wants me to sign up at there employment center ? well looks like i have 4 days of here and then a drive ....... 
Looks like im going to be 2 days behind schedule , Winds and rain today , snow tomorrow :( 
Mr intake bolt , why oh why did you want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my piston ? getting you out was a pain in my arse . 
frozen to the bone . finished the top end , in the snow . still have a leak but hopefully only due to the gasket maker not drying all the way ( took 48's ? ) tomorrow before the weld shop i have to finish my endlink install ; going back to stockers to see what happens . 
well , lets hope the last thing i ordered gets here before its leaving time , my laptop charger when to crap tonight so im gonna be offline til it shows up . :( 3rd charger in 3 years ..... i guess 10$ a year aint bad 
Well the fantastic voyage starts tomorrow . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > is stocked with enough Rockstar Cola to keep me running ..... and Gas of course 
So far driving through Nebraska , like Obama I have only 59 states to go til I'm home again 
Why hello < PROPMALE > Nebraska , still as ugly and drab as I remember . 
Stuck at the bottom of missouri ( pronounced misery ) with a locked up caliper . Didn't get much working just a loud arse pop and a driver front tire not spinning any more 
So glad I brought tools and have ability to fix things . A rock locked up my caliper but it gets better . Sheared a nut of my rear toe control arm . Another easy fix , leaving me with 8 more hours to go 
Memphis Tennessee has a glass pyramid , how quaint ( sp ? ) 
Almost had forgotten how horrible alabamian drives are , thanks for the reminder I-65 
Midnight in montgomery ? Screw that it's only 8:18 playa . Silly < PROPMALE > 
Totally forgot how bloody hot it is down here , already dropped off a few apps or work . Hoping someone likes it 
After the post office has nothing to do . Should I start installing my venom < PROPFEMALE > or clean all the bugs off my car ? 
Grrr . I start to install my nitrous < PROPFEMALE > and WHAM , it hits me . I only have 4 injector wires on the harness . Looks like I'm only putting in the tank and running the line for now 
In the words of some retard , I supposedly hate kids , but magically since I've been to Florida I've been around 4 of them and been having a great time . 
first week in florida and still no work . hopefully something happens . 
2 weeks of applying for jobs , and straining my eyes on this damn computer looking for anything . Ive tried for 3 days to get up and make it to day labor by 530- that isnt going well at all . 
Another day off applications . Needing something fierce , need to fix my alignment , replace calipers and rotors , and dying for sushi ..... Seeing places everywhere 
Another thing I forgot about that I totally don't miss .... Pollen and allergies , woke up feeling horrible for the past 3 days . grr 
So not a fan of Optima Batteries anymore . :( 
So here's a question for everyone and a story to go with it . Car battery sits at 12.5 v or so when off . Turn the car on , Voltage works its way down to 9.1 v or so and stays .... New battery , same deal . Doesnt matter if its driving or sitting idle . I'm broke and lost . anyone have a thought ? 
empty brain , empty thoughts ...... 
ugh . still no job , havent found the bad ground in the car , and now been sick for 2 days . anymore bad luck for me ? 
So after pulling out two more LEDs that I totally forgot I put in , brand new battery ground , and a fully charged battery voltage never dropped below 13.1 while driving foe 30 minutes . If the same in the morning I've finally killed the grimlin 
As I'm sittin there driving all of a sudden , Pow !, right across the face . I get the urge to rock out like < PROPMALE > Dyrdek but realise .... I don't have any < PROPMALE > iglesias . so sad 
Oh what's that ? Oh yes it is , 630 and it's a job ? Let's hope so 
2nd day of beach chair gig , and ya , not feeling it now . So damn boring 
I think someone loves me . Where did these butterflies in my belly come from ? :) 
It's a beautiful day , no clouds , enough heat to bake me alive , and oh , it's only 9 ; 30 
totally sun scorched but feel i accomplished something , dont know what it is yet but i hope it was epic 
Well job hunt is still going . I'm honestly down for anything , need more then just 3 days a week though .... 
Another beautiful day on the beach , to bad I can't spend with the woman I love 
mmm .. someone smells like chocolate 
You know you're in Florida when the city takes a weekend to celebrate being plundered by pirates . 
well , just turned my iphone into my laptops keyboard and mouse . 
such a long , lonely day :( 
Oh my , oh my . I've got an interview today , keep the fingers crossed for me folks ! 
Mmmm , first day of training and already want a normal 9 to 5er . Anyone else ready for season three of True Blood and the return of Futurama ? 
So sales rep job was a total croc , anyone else heard some buzz of Job openings ...... Tomorrow night , true blood season 3 ;) 
Sad morning . Woke up alone after a depressing day after a horrible mistake and dropped my phone . Screen is so trashed . So glad screen is receptive 
Another lonely night due to a dumb mistake 
oh the agony of no work and a broken heart . 
yay . got an interview monday at a screen printing place monday , and got a credit card so i can buy the parts to fix my car . anyone up for a junkyard treasure hunt ? 
Just cleared 200gigs of movies and junk from my external harddrive to make room for the new stuffs since im formating my computer again . :) 
Welcome to the 6 hour install of windows 7 . Now in a few hours I'll be running that and < PROPMALE > osX snow leopard 
So far today is full of muchness , more muchness than I'm used to . 
After 3 days of fighting a nasty virus , I'm proud to say i have killed the Google Redirect virus and happily computing normally . That is all , since NOGAF :) 
Why hello < PROPFIRST > and Turk , didn't expect to see you in the friend room 
Starts work at the liquor store Monday , part time , hopefully I can get to PAWS Monday and apply there too 
So all I need now is a ride to walmart for a bike , and then decide if I should replace both cv joints or just one ? Any takers and or ideas ? I'd walk to walmart but these steel toe tennies are so not comfortable 
Thank you < PROPMALE > for the ride , I just rode the bike around for a while and totally enjoyed it . Now looking for work ill be getting some Cardio , Screw doing the cardio X when i start p90x next week 
Well , hopefully nothing crazy happens at work tonight . Last nights madness was enough for me . So is my resume really that bad that jobs I know I can do proficiently don't even call ? 
Anyone have a backpack they no longer need that can hold a 17 inch laptop ? This poor cyclist could sure use one 
Show up to work and told I might be dropped cause HR doesn't want to pay what the manager said my rate is . At least I'm finally starting my p90x workout tonight and < PROPFEMALE > is super hot :) 
First night of P90X over . After the break , all I can say is WOW ! I have never felt this great after workingout and can't wait til tomorrow night 
Long poll rolled short , please everyone that cares for me answer ; yes or no- am I really that bad of a person ? 
So how does one get rid of all the dang trees in that frontier game ?? i cant keep up with em and it sucks 
Worked alone the past to nights , there sure are a lot of crazies that waltz into liquor stores . Missing church today due to work which sucks . 
Oh yeah .... Happy 4th of July everyone !! 
So after a week at the liquor store I get an awesome job offer . Just need a day off to get my car road worthy again but kinda hard when there is only me and the manager here 
Anyone up for some car work in the hot sun tomorrow ? i have 2 CV halfshafts that im replacing and would love a helper plus some place other than the street to do it in . 
Why hello there road kill , mind if I laid down next to you and basked in your filth for a moment ? It would sure eff'n help me forget my issues 
I made some Bang Bang shrimp last night . Followed the Bone Fish directions and for a first shot at it , it came out quite well . No one gagged or died . 
Busy day crashed into long drive . Oriellys forgot to ship half my parts , gotta go to pcola so registering my car and getting my fl license on hold 
Thank you God so much for family , I don't know what I would do without em , expecially extended family you haven't said a word to in over 15 yrs . 
Another Sunday session of church missed due to work . I can't wait to start the new job at least I'd get Sundays off . 
So apparently it's . More hostile here than I wanted to think , just asking a question had someone rip into me like I was an ass . 
Anyone up for running backwards through a corn field ? That's how my days been so far 
I wanna get chocolate wasted 
Freakin sweet . New hire packet is getting downloaded and ready for me to fill out . Just gotta find out where to get a fingerprint card done here . Hello new job ! 
Wow , day just turned bad . I'm so pissed im sick 
When did filling out medical and dental insurance get so difficult ? 
Anyone with a first gem iPhone update to os4 and have weird issues , like locking up during phone calls and hard reseting or when updating programs they stop and close or even opening any default program and they close just the same ? I'm getting a little pissed at it 
Well . Someone has a choice to make and because of that I'm somewhat homeless til it's made , starting Sunday . I hope the choice is the one that will benefit everyone involved 
The magical quest to < PROPMALE > hood begins in around 20 minutes . Oh please oh please let today be in my favor and my car becomes dependable again . 
Needing my true blood fix , anyone know what's happened the past 2 weeks ? 
First day of drive along . Whole lot of questions I have for the manager 
Day 2 over , made 200 bucks to watch this guy work . Starting Monday I guess I get 100 hrs of training at 100 a day . That ain't to bad 
Long day and wish it would rain 
What , what ? 
Could this week get any worse and slower ? 
Vengeance 
In touch with the ground\ 
I'm on the hunt I'm after you\ 
Smell like I sound , I'm lost in a crowd\ 
And I'm hungry like the wolf\ 
Straddle the line , in discord and rhyme\ 
Mouth is alive with juices like wine\ 
And I'm hungry like the wolf 
Someones going to be bald after work today and I'm not talking about an eagle 
Anxiety attack , damn my body isn't liking being out of bed or being single 
What what ?! Someones going to south Florida ? Yup that me . 
Well this sucks 
Anyone have some happy pills ? 
On the road again , hope my car doesn't blow up on the road again . Backpack worked awesome < PROPMALE > . Thanks :) 
I've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match 
So change of plans . I'm going to Tampa 
I don't cafe what you think as long as it's about me . Cause the best of us can find happiness in misery . - fall out boy . 
Must .... Keep eyes .... Open . Not tired , just never make it through hours of lectures 
I've also decided I don't like Tampa , not at all 
The dreaming- Bleed . YouTube it or google the lyrics . It's my theme song for the week 
So ready to go home now 
Let's keep our fingers crossed the hotel didn't ransack my crap , the job thought my boss had me going to Ocala tonight but he changed his mind and didn't tell them . I left everything in there :( 
boiling water with a coffee maker for my raman noodles . :) 
Its decided . Im getting a Nissan Armada as soon as everyone i owe is paid . 
Missed my 5am wake up call . slowly making it back to where I don't belong 
Just passed the < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , such a beautiful sight . 
Well maybe se homemade bang bang shrimp will help cheer me up 
Trying to get motivated to go to loses 
Well looks like lowes tomorrow , I haven't done a thing today besides beat a game I've been playing for over a month . Installing < PROPFEMALE > stone again and trying to learn another language again 
Must be something subliminal about this month buy every day has felt like hell in a handbasket and not looking any better 
Anyone have a copy of My Turn On Earth on DVD that I can have a copy of ? 
Yup , didn't make it to church . This week is going to suck 
Just got a < PROPMALE > in the mail for a doctors visit almost 2 years ago . So glad I've learned < PROPFEMALE > and record keeping or that would have pissed me off . Yup I did pay it :) 
Woe be the man that takes his last breathe in vain , for if it had purpose it would have sustained the poor souls heart . If broken hearted is meant for mending , then bring the sutures to heal what time does not deem worthy 
At night I cling to you , I'm so afraid \ 
Afraid the day will come \ 
And I'll wake and find you gone \ 
But you promised that you'd not abandon me \ 
And kissed my fears away \ 
But I woke up to that day 
Why is it everytime you beat one addiction you lose someone you love with all your heart and soul ? 
So the worlds changed , the person dumped is now the bad guy 
i want out of here 
Inception is one crazy movie 
So if this install job starts going like it should and I get really efficient , I'm thinking to install satellite tv stuff too . That would really keep my busy 
Starting to get stressed out . Havent worked at the liquor store in almost 2 weeks , haven't recieved my paycheck that i was supposed to get monday . If only my Iraqi money was worth more then toilet paper 
This Twinkie thing . It ain't over . 
So how do you stop your world from being pull apart ? 
yay , get to do my first job tomorrow 
With Rockstar Cola in hand i will defeat today on a good note ....... eh , just gonna try 
So arrived 15 minutes early for my first install and the customer wasn't even home . At least I still get paid for the 30 minutes 
Just watched the first part of red < PROPMALE > . Simply put . Supreme digity 
It's wonderful when mother nature matches the weather with my mood 
6 more hours :( 
heading to what will be my first lead install job . why the piss am i nervous ? 
I guess this job ain't to bad when the installs actually happen . 
And .. Boom goes the dynamite . :) 
Well 
2 more hours til I get off work and watch my addiction on Sunday nights . True blood 
Well first install of the day fell through , dude didn't know he already had one in the house . Now to thomasville < PROPFEMALE > 
Mother *€¥¥£ !!!! 
If only i could feel tired , gotta be in enterprise alabama tomorrow around 8 . grrr 
Some peoples kids . O.o 
Something has to give , and hopefully its not me 
2 more hours of boredom . Can anyone think of something to pass time at a liquor store ? 
so is it bad when you stay up late waiting and hoping for a phone call or at least a text 
smiling a little on the inside . Totally not going to North < PROPFEMALE > next week . 
Lonely .... And tired of working at the liquor store on Sundays . Kills the < PROPMALE > of going to church 
Well , looks like I've got a date after work :) 
One more hour til the mayhem begins . 
Well , the amazing mayhem wasn't as fulfilling as I hoped 
So if you have your seat pushed all the way back and you still feel squished , does that mean you've out grown your car ? 
Yup . I am so done with this install bull **** 
Ok peeps , keep your fingers crossed for me please . I'm so hoping bonefish hires me 
Beware ! What are you talking about ? I haven't said that in so long just let me go with it 
Has anyone else noticed the < PROPFEMALE > is still out ? 
Had a totally wonderful and memorable night last night 
March 8th has just become a day that i cant wait for .... Dragon Age 2 
Zombie Nazi's and it's a whole horror/comedy movie about them ? That's awesome 
Was just accepted to be an open beta tester for final fantasy 14 . If only it liked windows 7 and NTSF formatted drives 
5 more minutes ... Please no more drunks this late 
So for a hardwire install I made -38 bucks . Eff this 
More alone and depressed than i should be . 
Love it when you park your car , it rattles and you watch a pulley roll down the parking lot 
So is it bad that I have been counting down the days til today and it's only because I can go buy shoes ? 
so should I ? I'm having < PROPMALE > doubts 
Hopefully 3 more Sundays of this job and I can finally quit 
So bored . 
2 more days .......... 
Resident Evil : Afterlife in 3D was amazing ! 
So apparently training next week is mandatory . I'm supposed to leave Friday but not due to working at the liquor store and will again tonight inform my boss it needs to be rescheduled . He's so not gonna like it 
You would think that , but they did add a 500 < PROPMALE > pay for the week since so many people have told their bosses they are not going . It's not that i dont want to go , i dont have the gas money to get there . 
Well garner nc here I come :( 
This goes out to my gnomies 
I thought I loved you but it was just how you looked in the light . - FOB 
So many idiots on the interstate today . Silly fsu fans 
Font you hate leaving your wallet in your butt pocket for long drives . My right leg is asleep 
Found me a rabbit on the interstate . Gonna catch em :) 
Yay , first day in NC and I already have a date . Can't wait to see you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
What , what ?! It's six am and I'm already up ready to murder the day . Damn I love it 
About to go into class , already ready to come home 
Yay , platos closet after class 
First day over and so glad , got stuck with a guy that was the rudest and not cool at all 
so made it back to the hotel . Sad I didnt hear from someone i love talking to but glad im one day away from being back home . Had a wonderful time with my \cousin\ " < PROPFEMALE > :) " 
Second days almost over and they decided paying < PROPMALE > is to much . So it's 12 an hour for however long Mapquest said it should take . That's another kick in the teeth , at least the teacher thinks I'm awesome 0 . o 
Hahaha just got hosed ! 
Chick-fil-a spicy chicken , what a croc 
Why hello anxiety attack and an ambulance ride :( 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > corral for a pick me up 
Now begins the exidos 
Well , thanks to my stupid choices I have a very very hard up hill battle 
It took me watching a 12 yr old on youtube to learn how to Bar lace my shoes . thats so funny . 
Throw your hands in the air if you hate my job . :: throws em up :: :) 
is on his way to < PROPFIRST > services ...... resume dropping time . :) 
Holy goodness . 55 wpm with only 8 errors . Not bad for a technician in my opinion . Tomorrow head < PROPMALE > lady since my Xanax is not making typing easy hahaha 
First animal seen on the road ; wild boar . Does that mean today is going to be wildly boaring ? :) 
Don't you hate it when you reach into a snack bag of doritos to only find out your hand Is to big ? 
My brain must be somewhere else . Driving north of Dothan right now and it feels like I'm driving from Loveland to greeley 
Totally broke the rules to get me a pizza . 
It's a very comfortable 56 degrees outside . Perfect fire weather 
Fighting that damn pulley again . This time not close to tools or home 
Well today's been long and stressful . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the help this morning to help me stay calm and cope 
Is it possible to be your own frienemy ? 
Dammit !! I shouldn't have slammed on my brakes , the dumbass that ran the red would have totally t-boned me . Mother of macoroni 
Release the hoounds ! ( said with a deep English accent ) 
Ok my Facebook peeps , I need help with music . I've exhausted all the albums I have . Can you name off artists so I can get new music to cruise to since I spend hours driving . Thanks :) 
Doesn't it make you feel good when you google something bothering you and it actually shows up as an autocomplete and finds over a million hits . 
1 more 1908's < PROPFEMALE > song I think might cause a mental lapse in sanity . I need my laptop 
Super massive blackhole in my head , also considered a huge headache . Taken 4 packets of bc powder so far with no relief . Damn cinnamon broomstick 
Well , the new Angels and Airwaves : Love . is absolutely astounding . i cant wait to hear it in my automobile . :) 
well , 2 of the 4 medical bills are set up for monthly withdrawls ....... im afraid that the NC ones havent arrived yet cause they are going to be bajillion's of dollars 
I think someone really wants me to spend some time in a hospital , almost lopped off the top digit of my middle finger 
I held onto you as long as I could but today you fell away . I stood on the edge of your bridge til the rain pushed me away 
Perfect wash the car weather 
Dilemma . Do I buy new tires and hope the rears I have last til they arrive or wait til next payday to get them ? 
2 or so hours of sleep . Another long day of driving . If my last customer acts like he did back in July I'm not staying to help him . Whiners do get there way with big companies but won't ruin my mood . Mmmm a date :) 
So I'm gonna be about 25 minutes late to the shindig 
Yay , back to Albany after a long morning that started with a gut wrenching text around 3am 
Oh yeah , couple more weeks and it's hitler stash time 
Whatever happened to do unto others as you would have others do unto you ? 
2 more Sundays left of work . Anyone go to the reunion last night ? Anything worth talking about ? 
Food anyone ? 
St. Paulies girl , should I ? 
First day I get to vegg in a long time , bought fallout new Vegas but would rather be doing something else 
Damn wall ! Give me back my glow < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Some words of warning . It's ok to eat Tabasco sauce but not it inhale it . My voice box is still burning 
well , come tomorrow it'll be a month ..... what to do to celebrate ? play pool , Fallout New Vegas , or nap ? i think taking a nap would be best . 
Why do I keep doing this to myself ?! I know me and mcdonalds don't mix well 
Hydrocodone for a tooth ache . I like my dentist :) 
If I ever get old and < PROPMALE > , someone shoot me if I act like a arrogant piece of sperm whale poop . 
So I'm liking the new phone . Sucks I had to get it but dropped the iPhone one too many times 
Knim . Wishing it was nap time 
Mmm . $5 dollar hot and ready 
Holy PPF's all day aquaman 
Another one of those send you out to fail moments 
Manbearpig strikes again 
Holy cow I love the gas at the dentist . 2 hours just flew by 
Finally done in wakulla 
Any one have cleats that are 7's in kids ? < PROPFIRST > starts soccer Monday and doesn't have any , It would be awesome if someone does 
Another day with no underlying reason to be feeling so depressed 
Well glad the anti-glare cover I bought was only 2 bucks . Guess it also had anti-iPhone adhesive and lint all over it . Hope the otterbox I bought has a cover too . 
Service project went well one person showed up . me 
Mmmm last day at the Sunday job . 
Aw :( . No ones noticed my costume 
I will never be whole again with these dead memories in my heart 
Feels like a chili and sthalid night ... 
Had a wicked crazy dream last night 
Has decided Deathclaws are my mortal nemisis 
Installed a system today in an old ladies house who's cousin is the father of a member of the band socialburn . Cool in my book 
Someone can't afford to pay rent but sure as Pisa can afford to change a lock so I can't get in to get my crap when I need it . Too funny 
Well , driving on borrowed < PROPMALE > . Hope my tires hold up til Friday so I can hit a j-yard and pull some stocker rims 
Heck ya . Go repubs talk the houses back !!! 
We've all done our dirt , God knows I have . And I know I can't taken it back and I'm leavin my past behind me . I feel this in my veins like lepersy . I feel this brain it's vexin me . I need more angels in my life \ 
\ 
:) 
Feels so good having new shoes on the auto 
32 degrees ?! Lovin it 
I wonder what awaits at Fox run road 
Nine months and 16,000 < PROPMALE > later good time to do an oil change 
Hello a 330 am wake up alarm to start a 356 mile drive . Thanks for the wonderful wake up < PROPFEMALE > :) . \ 
And yes folks it was completely PG , very borderline G :) 
Yup this handicapped guy was a very special special spirit 
Save money with geico ? Doubt they lower your rates for moving two blocks down . :) 
Cool license plate : Cin3r 
Should I get a bonsai tree ? 
Holy crap ! 4 months later and I finally fix the dying battery problem . It was a freaking bulb that stopped the voltage regulator from working correctly 
Anyone looking for a security system in the Destin/Greater Fort < PROPMALE > Beach area ? if so hit me up , i need work . :) 
Mmmm , < PROPFEMALE > garden and no clue what I want besides the spinach dip 
Another beautiful sunrise , better to blind me while I drive east 
I think my next companion is going to be a sugar glider 
God , Guns , and Guts . What < PROPFEMALE > Needs 
300 bucks for a 1984 Honda shadow , whatcha folks think ? 
When did condoms become FDA items ? 
Is now adding ruffles to the boycott list . Now sit down next to sun chips and enjoy not getting any money from me 
Junk yard diving didnt bring up anything good . All Cadillac horns were bad :( 
One more day .... 
Rolaids and rockstar . Hmmm 
Looks like I get a new windshield Tuesday 
Looks like I just made a friend and saved someone from down grading from an awesome car 
Hey dj , spin the soundtrack of bad decisions 
Got my green tag .... 60 days :) - 
Poor Turk Turkelton , didn't survive in Skyline long 
Finally set a doctors appointment 
Haha silly lifters , sounding like a drummer boy still 
I think a letter to a sibling stating history and facts about her outstanding debts that I will never want to collect on supersede/void any I created . Just cause your a dumb drunk that has the obama entitlement mentality and can't remember good over bad doesn't mean I owe you due to my hard work and good fortune 
17 more days .... 
Didn't know my car could drift :) 
White mt . Dew- not tasty at all 
Note to self- don't sneeze when opening a bc powder packet 
How am I supposed to be at two places at once Monday , twice ? 0 , o 
Hahaha , House did the boom goes the dynamite ! Wasn't as funny as family guys 
Well that attic was a maze , don't like houses in baker 
A walmart in the works by 30a ? That's going to slow 98 down even more . Suck 
Man this customer is really pissing me off . Wasn't available back in September so he cancelled . He whined to get me here today by 8 and I've been sitting . Not worth it since I'm feeling cranky 
Well , Adams cat hates me . Ripped open the cat food , dog food , destroyed a doll , attacked me the whole time is there . At least I got a nice note when I showed up 
Cordelle , ga here I come 
What is this ? A promotion ? A raise ?! Sure why not I like money 
Hahaha I'm talking on my phone and it magically texts poop 
<---- needs a new profile picture 
Well .... This week can go down as TWIT IKSO 
Holy eff , just cause the customers a < PROPMALE > about a scheduling problem doesn't mean you take it out on tech , especially if it's the first time 
I store my hate keep it buried deep inside , but I'm choking on the true I can't deny . \ 
That you cut to deep to often and I'm hemorrhaging inside . Its to late to stitch up with a butterfly 
...... Mmm perfection in a shell devoid of life , leaving a trail of broken dreams behind , God you're so beautiful but when I looked in your eyes 
Pacifica or armada ? I drive about 2600 < PROPMALE > a week so which do you guys think ? 
What the eff ? Reverse lights are on except when in reverse . Thanks for not giving me a ticket officer 
Mmmm someone just bought alpaca socks :) 
4 am- 260 < PROPMALE > to drive23 degrees outside , feels like hell froze overnight 
Hahaha 
< PROPMALE > mars- grenade . Video will be uploaded when I get back from < PROPFEMALE > . Beautiful song 
Yay back in Florida , again 
Yay more shooting stars , I think I've exceeded my wish limit though , phone call never came in 
Your my addiction , my prescription , my antidote , how can I tell you how all that you are ? I feel you coming on so fast , feel you coming on to get me high . You're better than drugs- Skillet 
What do you do when you work and come home and I'm creepin out the back door ? Pants on the floor and your asking her what ya doin that for ? - tech n9ne 
Well paxil and ativan are my daily friends 
never realized how evil my eyebrows make me look . nice :) 
New < PROPMALE > potter movie , paid 10 bucks to take a nap . 
Side effects of my meds that I'm noticing that are not listed . Everything has a more robust flavor , even dog farts 
So everyone knows I'm alive , just didn't have reception all day . Now driving home from < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
She says she's out with the girls and you know that's a lie , if she kisses him . That's your kiss goodbye 
Thank you very much whoever can't drive and now has me creeping on the interstate between exits for the past hour . Dumbass 
just got my alpaca socks !!! 
First play in the dirt 
Face is no longer numb , 2 more dental visits and I can start my bleachings . Go me 
Single :( ...... 
You've made me responsible for your self inflicted misery 
I love lamp but I don't even know who you are any more 
Son of a mother fucker !!!! Don't you look before you back up your piece of shit ?! I'd been sitting in your driveway for 2 fucking hours !!! 
Haha I just gave a pan handler a worm from home packet someone gave me . 
There goes another out the window 
Playin in the mud again 
Awe crap 
Me+paxil+chantix+somethingelse = equals zombie spaz . Hopefully my ninja skills don't diminish 
So apparently I'm made of money and evil 
Anyone need some side work done ? I've got a week off and getting bored of video games 
Yup , just re-affirmed my love for Plato's Closet 
Apparently a cell tower went down or something since I have 19 customers to call saying they lost cell reception at 4am this morning 
Mmmm , red dead redemption is calling my name- loudly 
:: crickets :: :: crickets :: 
Hmmm . Today is what yesterday wishes it could of been an what tomorrow will never be ? What is it you ask ? it's effn Friday ! Yay 
Must be a Recovering rockband addict if coheed and cambria come on pandora and I start playing the drums with the steering wheel and brake pedal 
I'm such a loone :) 
Think I'd have a big problem explaining a tattoo of the Title of < PROPFEMALE > at judgement day ? 
DD'n again , so hilarious to watch drunks for some reason and doing a good a thing at the same time :) 
These shape up sketchers are so crazy . Feels like I have a stress ball under the middle of my feet 
Is illegal to listen to in 57 of the 59 Obama states 
No , no no ! Hahaha he did , just dug out some green gold an then looked over at me shocked , as if someone wasn't goin to see 
Don't forget to brush your teeth or goblins will kill your mother - < PROPMALE > , American Dad 
Bored and no \guy\ " stores left in the mall or book stores :( " 
Feeling pretty down , paxil , effexor , and chantix amplifying it maybe ? 
So apparently I've got to have plans in the morning or setting the alarm clock is a wasted endeavor 
I object , my < PROPFEMALE > Kat sounded nothing like the commercials 
I don't how old it is but I'm totally Lovin Deuces by < PROPFIRST > Brown 
So the dinner/dance was fun , learned I've lost my rhythm but still have fun 
Why do I agree to work with this guy ? 
Yuck 
Delicious , rockstar cola . Its the death of me 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > is now less than a mile from home .... I'm going to get so fat 
Pitbulls an parolees . Could careless about the people , show me more of the beautiful dogs 
I'm just a little black rain cloud 
Nope , I would not like a Cosby sweater . 
I just realized the answer to why they made clothes . They new this sexy guy was gonna make it look good 
I wanna talk to Samson ! 
Thanks for ruining my day NPR . 
There is nothing worse than loving someone that always disappoints you 
What's the difference between a seal and a sealion ? The second is always ion something \ 
Hahahaha 
Instantaneous 
Get jiggy with it 
Wow !!! 
So it's true you are a schitzo . I wouldn't know I stay out of his business and they stay out of mine 
< PROPFEMALE > ? 
So if your rockstar tastes like robotussin , should you return it ? 
If I could turn back time I would go back and screw up your < PROPFEMALE > 
Luvs , I don't don't what to think about your new commercial . I'm just glad you did what you did as a cartoon .... \ 
That is all , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
You swear you're nothing like the last girl , but you don't know that I'm already yours . \ 
I always fall , \ 
I always fall for your type- < PROPFIRST > foxx 
Thanks 
If you had no hair you'd look like < PROPMALE > davito- Turk 
Do I have to wake up ? 
Go Missouri , they're working on passing a law drug testing welfare people . About time 
Yay , more great news , comrades ! Obamacare deemed unconstitutional . What a beautiful day 
Wish the thunderstorm lasted longer last night 
< PROPMALE > didnt see his shadow on Candlemas , but no super bowl prediction . What gives ? 
And ? 
That groundhog was wrong ! 
Www.antiduckface.com . \ 
Retarded faces daily caught on camera 
I'm not really a fan of saw but I've seen em all so I just rented the final chapter . Yay for 3 hours I'm gonna waste 
So I've finally put p90x on DVD . Now I just need a workout partner and to get a copy mailed out . Any takers ? 
Mmm volcano box 
Off to church 
6 more days of bleaching away the past . Man it's looking good 
So if woman gets butt fat put into her lips does that turn burps into farts ? 
Oh the joys of rain . Beautiful skies and retards get behind their wheels and forget how to drive 
Aguilera , you nailed it !! 
I think I just opened pandora's box ..... Er platos closet 
Obama administrations position on Mubarak :\ 
Stay in power , leave office immediately , in a few days , step down in a few months , wait till voting in September . Did they miss anything ? What a pathetic group of yellow belly , forked tongue , idiots we have parading the American ideals to the world \ 
I LOVE LAMP 
Ok , that will piss you off . 
I said good day to you sir , not go pee 
Who just had the day from hell and just now heading home ? This guy\ 
Whose lonely and not having fun ? This guy\ 
Whose ready to kick eff'n tomorrow's arse ? \ 
..... You guessed it :) 
When you see a < PROPFEMALE > peach layin out at beach , \ 
Do the creep . Assign\ 
Get your knees flexin and your arms t-rexin\ 
Do the creep , Aaahhh\ 
I am so doing that dance Saturday in ozark . Anyone have a suit and a video camera I can borrow ? 
Yup , still got it\ 
I can totally scare away ( p word for cat ) 
High ho , it's off to < PROPFIRST > Florida I go 
So you sit behind me for 37 < PROPMALE > . Then race past me to get in front just to slam on your brakes to take an off ramp . \ 
Thanks , I hope you get diarrhea 
So on coast to coast .... Apparently western leaders have flown to afghanistan ( secretly ) to see an ancient flying machine , a vermona ( sp ? ) , that they can't get out of a cave . \ 
My opinion ? There is an executive bathroom there like no other seen by any man . ( family guy reference ) 
Oh my gosh . I know where I'm never moving to . < PROPFIRST > , FL . No cell services for any carrier . It's hell on earth people . Hell on earth !! 
Do you breathe ? If so you might be titled to compensation in the class action lawsuit ..... Or were you born and traumatized for life ? \ 
Ever been bitten by a mosquito , ate lettuce in your salad , had carbonation in your soda , had water in your eff'n water for water's sake , put your pants on one leg at a time , ran out of toilet paper , or heaven forbid wake up in the morning ?! 
Well know I know why my brain hurts like it does 
Where's the snow ? 
In a hurry ? Need gas , milk , or how about a touch up on your tan ? Just stop off at the get-n-go in enterprise < PROPMALE > , right off MLK parkway . And you heard right tanning beds in a gas station 
This like a second < PROPMALE > but it's the first impression 
It's true , I have a man crush on < PROPFIRST > Foxx 
Hahaha . Finally have muscles for my muscle shirts 
So the glow in black light hairspray doesnt glow 
Wow . God does answer prayers in strange bit wonderous ways . The actions that followed out of plan cause me to help remove someone from a really bad situation . 
Anxiety pill and church . Not a good combo 
Ok , just shoot me now . 
A thanks once in awhile , maybe something people with feelings would love to get 
Lack of sleep , checked\ 
Self destructive rampage , not again\ 
Stopping effexor cold turkey . F'n retarded 
So . Anyone go to the gym at night and want a partner ? Im ready to get to hulk size 
Instead of wasting time playing Oregon trail , I'm going to start playing the stock market . Since it seems my iraqi investment isn't going to bloom I've got to venture into something new . 
No real reason to accept the way things have changed . -shinedown 
The Stratus is Sold !!! 
I know your mad but so what , Chaulking up my deuces ! 
If I could turn back time , \ 
You know I'd find a way , \ 
To choke the life from you and laugh until your dead . 
Fun day . Forgot a drill 
Stabbing westward- haunting me 
Even in the midst of despair , BAM !!!! PoF.com hits and a friend helps easy the soul . Thank you and you know who you are 
< PROPFEMALE > day , playing with swords . Oh yes 
So after the long emotional battle i have today with myself , and thank you to everyone that listened to my blubbering like a child . My sister , < PROPFEMALE > , made me cry the largest tears of joy that i have ever cried , i asked for a copy of My Turn on Earth and what does she do . She goes out of her way and Buys one for me . 
Life lock works , applied for a best buy card . And right after the approval- Lifelock chimes in saying activity if not you call us immediately 
Taking a break from installing my concert in a car , and putting on Legacy Family Tree Software . 
HAHAHAHA . BLOCKED ! 
New band . Sounds like flaw and five bolt main . \ 
Arythma- indifference 
So I'm addicted to bleaching . I just spent two weeks bleaching my teeth . Is it bad to start again so soon ? 
Hope that wasn't poison < PROPFEMALE > 
When I was a one a two a three new something was wrong with me . It's cause I was a Fu Fu Fu demon . This is my life so bitches let go 
Piss lava and quervo . Then chug it :) 
Field sobriety test due to my meds and then a damn ticket cause he couldn't I've a DUI . I'm fighting 
Stratus leaves today . Im actually quite happy just need the people that wanted the free equipment to hurry up and get here 
Another day , more weird comments . Be prepared 
Tech nine- ( but how I'm thinking)\ 
Drama used to be my middle name , \ 
Sins setting me up for fame it gets to me , \ 
Where people I used to know switch and change , \ 
Regretfully I never want to see them they stressing me , \ 
Putting my soul in jeopardy\ 
With you in my life I need weapons protecting me\ 
I need angels in my life watching over me 
Well . I don't know how to label today . I've has the DPD constantly knocking at the door and time has just flown by 
Bleh 
FFDB- promises you broke , words you choked on , and I never walked away it's still a mistery to me\ 
Well I'm so EMPTY , I'm better off without you and your better off without me . \ 
your so unclean\ 
IM BETTER OFF WITHOUT YOU \ 
THE DECEIVING AND THE BLEEDING ! 
Just walk away pretend that nothing is real\ 
Forgive me for saying that care\ 
Forgive me for laughing when you fall\ 
But I have to lie to myself and say I never cared at all 
Well two hours layers a complete stranger has a fixed tire and is back to his world . Guess that was the pick me up I needed 
Rawr !!! \ 
You're not worth my time , \ 
You're dead and wrong\ 
You have a long way to go\ 
No thoughts should invade my head , \ 
But they poison me causing dread\ 
There is no doubt your going to hate seeing me when you've lost all control\ 
You're not worth my time\ 
< PROPFIRST > volz- secure . Mmmmmm great song 
Mmm , I am going back to doing my oil changes again . 100 bucks for a clean and flush . Screw that 
Flaw- only the strong\ 
Maybe things happen for a reason , \ 
And where in lies the answers to over come the grieving of life's unruly lessons\ 
And happen in succession it builds my brain which makes me strong\ 
Inside we all know only the strong survive . 
I said \what what\ " :) " 
Come on Iraqi Dinari . im tired of you being worth less than a vote for Obama 
I'm horrible . I gave a pan handler a face mask , like the ones used for SARS . 
ok brain hurts , can not find the contact cement for the life of me . 
Well . 
Sleepy 
really ?! 
Can I cuss yet ? 
So fresh , so clean . Old spice guy ain't got nothing on me . ( grammar as in a-word spelled incorrect to fit into societies norm)\ 
But beaver dams I feel good . Can't wait to head up yonder to HA , higher Alabama 
Not so fresh now ...... Just walked a neighborhood dispensing flyers to let more people know about my company and the deal they get ..... Maybe more Icy hot ? 
um ..... if you hit hide peoples posts from your wall do they get notified ? if so- oops but oh well :) 
1 . Acts of service\ 
2 . Quality time\ 
3 . Words of affirmation- truely saying I love you \ 
4 . Physical touch- holding hands and hugging\ 
5 . Gifting\ 
Odd . I do this but never have received in full from my sig . Other . Ysa conference speak that got me . These have to come from both sides or I'm not going to waste my time with you 
At church getting my primary lesson finalized ... 
Is it bad I'm stressing over a friend request ? 
Foiled again 
Well , It's off to storm the castle . 
You go shopping for eggs and buy half the store :( 
One friendship ends , has been for awhile- I can **** ing breathe again . \ 
I think I'm really done with Florida . 
Hot or not.com you lie ! If I was only a 2.33 how am I getting hit on all the time now ? Oh I know he secret , but I'll never tell :) \ 
Damn it feels good 
Death becomes her . Anyone wanna watch that sometime soon ? 
Well Stormed the castle all day and won , even though the french kept farting in my general direction . Tomorrow , if the rain stops and i have no work i am finally adding the HID fog lights to my beast so i can see in the dark and blind others :) \ 
good night everyone 
As you can see im reading the miracle of Forgiveness and today has really been a test of my willingness to grasp onto the Iron < PROPMALE > that i can finally see through the woods that i ran to so willingly in my youth .. \ 
This chapter \ 
Keeping God's Commandments Brings Forgiveness is really hitting home to me and those two scriptures alone have answered so many buried questions and doubts that i have had in my head for weeks . 
Morning time . Filled with breakfast , push ups , sit ups , and cleaning up of some poles .... 
HAHAHAHAHA ! I found it . 
Holy 30 cent jump in gas batman . There goes my plans for the month 
I think someone needs to give someone montezuma's revenge to some driver next to me 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > becks conversion on cd . Anyone want a copy ? < PROPMALE > ? 
Question with boldness !! 
Flaw- the best I am 
All these go out to < PROPFIRST > Beck . He is my inspiration and hero . 
Goodnight world . I must say ado and will strive to finish tomorrow on a happy note 
Hahaha someone logged onto my account at 610 this morning totally wasnt me 
Need rockstar ..... actually a lot of it 
Just found out how to upload my own videos , prepare for the dumbness my friends . It will make the flying circus seem like dr suess 
Confucious never said but should have , \man that ack like donkey have no fear of poop \"" 
9007EB EcoBright - Your Environmental Choice . Save Energy - Save Money . Up to 25% brighter light . CO2 reduced 9 to 21% . Gas savings $2 to $19 . really ?! 
Mmmmmm . Anabolic halo with nano vapor tonight . My tummy can't wait :) 
Someday soon I'll have some video blog or something 
So if i sign up for amway , anyone wanna help me out and buy stuffs from my website ? 
Today that darn castle falls , hopefully the bobbies don't stop it again this time 
Hence the count begins . I AM GOING TO FRONTIER DAYS !! 
Ok . I need a new profile name I like Sad Panda but I need something I haven't used 
Thats Right , Photo Change . I am 2x The Rockstar some people will ever know ! I dont need the fame , just the drugs . ( Prescribed mind you ) 
starting to do the ab ripper and X Stretch . so my facebook blabbing is done til the body hurts . :) 
< PROPFIRST > BASEDO- eat your heart out . Soon you'll be bouncing dolphins off my abs . Hahahaha 
Holy Crap ! that ab ripper is no joke . walmart for a yoga mat here i come 
Mmm . 5am and a banana hasn't tasted so good . 
A rock in a box , \ 
Brought by 14th century fox , \ 
Beaver dams and < PROPFIRST > hoods men in tights , \ 
All try wanted was equal rights :) \ 
Dumb poem but just thought I'd share the random in my mind from lack of sleep 
$5 gas by memorial day ?! Why are we reliving the 70's and why the eff did we buy Alaska stupid people that voted stupid people to run our country in the ground . \ 
I hope everyone that voted for the three stooges gets an anal wart . Just one to remind them how annoying their stupidity is 
K , I am mr grumpy pants today . 
So is it bad that I'd rather watch the jumping spider mating dance instead of jersey shore ? 
So after all the talking , showing paperwork . This grouch wants me to rip everything out because he doesn't do automatic drafts 
Better now . 
The heavens opened up and the rain drops slipped through my fingers and I'm so afraid that you'll fly away- stabbing westard 
You know welfares working , cervantes was empty hahaha 
Argg , forgot my tension ropes . Alot of driving means a lot of forearm curls . Dang it 
Is it doodie or tolberone ? 
Someone should call me . And it should be \ 
Amazing 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . 
According to this name generator program I downloaded , my name in dragon ball z land is Vegeta . How true , start out evil an then joins good side :) 
All is well in my brain now , thanks for asking 
Tag , you're it . 
Ugh 
Yup . My meds hate me . 
Ever wished we could play bumper cars on the highway ? 
Round 4 . Abilify and lowest dose of lamictal . \ 
Doc . \ how do you feel ? \ " \ 
Day one ... Tired an body aches . Could it be due to sleeping for 12 hours ? 
1 hour stretch of p90x , yes sir 
thats just two weeks of barely working out . Now its all going away thanks to other problems but ill be buff before the summer . oh yes , i will look good in the speedo again folks :) 
D&C 10:20 - Verily , Verily , I say unto you , that Satan has great hold upon their hearts ; He stirreth them up to iniquity against that which is good . 
Fingers are crossed . First time ever I'm letting a shop install my stereo ,... Wish em luck and hopefully I'll keep my sanity waiting 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!! Man who has a fist hiding under his < PROPFEMALE > hair 
That install was faster than a hermit crab party 
Stereos in , not as loud as the stratus ..... \ 
Yet :) 
I love lamp ....... so addicted to Dragon Age 2 
Ain't nothing more sexy than a woman that wants me but don't need me cause she's got her own 
Supreme diggity !!!! 
Mmmmm . March 25th . Sucker Punch . I am so there 
Red . < PROPFIRST > . 
Abilify makes you super hungry 
Someone's becoming a camel :) 
darn you interwebs , you burned my pasta < PROPFEMALE > . 
Almost demolished a 03 eclipse spyder . Glad I held back 
You should have toilet paper named after you cause you're the ___t :) 
Firmware update ?! I thought my firmware was good enough 
Oh my gosh the band The Letter Black is amazing !!! Almost as good as Stabbing Westward 
So my man crush for < PROPFIRST > foxx just got to te next level , his album Best Night of my Life is better than ky his/hers :) 
Mmmm , please not the bog of eternal stench 
So far I'm liking my xoom :-) 
so Teancum has taken his collar off and i cant find it anywhere ....... I need you GumShoe !! 
Holy cow I need a second job til I move , any ideas ? 
Anyone know that there was a Neverending Story 3 ?! < PROPFIRST > Black is a bad guy . too funny 
Going for a car ride ...... 
Fixing a chainsaw and finally going to play with some trees . 
Anyone running Droid that has a free connect to pc app ? if so can you help a brother out ...... not teethering but remote access , gonna try and see if i can speed up the work stuff so when i get home i dont have to spend MORE time doing work . 
Heading for fhe . 
Mmm the mcqueezy breakfast burritozy 
Still addicted to flaw and five bolt main ...... 
Holy madness 
I feel like I can't miss\ 
I know they want me to fall\ 
But ain't nothing bigger than this\ 
So just pass me te ball\ 
I'm a winner , I'm a winner\ 
< PROPFIRST > foxx 
Ok folks i have an offer you shouldn't refuse , its a way we both make and save money . As you know I install home security Systems . If you're Military and have USAA as your insurance I can hook you up with HUGE discounts . 
Ads up on craigslist . Anyone looking for ADT Home/Business protection hit me up :) 
Holla , 24.6 mpg in town . I so need to make a cai . Driving like I'm 90 works :) - 
Blind other drivers ? Check 
So if I'm someones retard in tin foil . why the crap did i buy < PROPFEMALE > wrap ?! 
Beck might create his own tv channel ? Now that would give me a reason to get cable when I love alone 
If I bought a mailbox does that mean I'd get more mail ? 
Whose ready for some laser playing tomorrow night ?! oh this guy is 
well , 2nd ps3 leaves today , laptop leaves today , and my original ps3 needs a freakin laser , but all ive got is mutated sea bass . Anyone have a ps3 model CECHB01 connection ? 
New shoes on the car , waiting on a CC to do the brakes and be able to have gas for the next two weeks . I Love Obamunism . spend spend spend .... honestly it sucks and has me quite depressed . eh now im happy again . :) 
Any chainsaws out there that want to let me play with them for a few hours ? 
Think I'm allergic to < PROPFEMALE > bushes/trees as I cut them down I'm getting a headache , breathing hurts and my sinuses are going haywire 
Well I forgot my knee pads 
Driving the nox back to the homestead .. 
Last night was a blast , Thanks everyone for going . Should have totally stayed the night since i have work to do back up in Dothan :( 
It's stranger than fiction how you've decayed\ 
It must be so lonely lost within your ways 
Egg drop soup sounds so good right now 
Watched < PROPFIRST > . It's one of those see it once funny movies . I did take a 5 minute nap 
Mmm MoTab . More refreshing than Tab slo e :) 
Learned something new today . The river running through < PROPMALE > was so polluted back in the 70's it actually caught fire .. I so want a picture of that . 
Well . Never thought this day would come . Oh momentous momentous ....... For me at least :) 
Musical fireside FTW 
When I think of all the places I don't belong , \ 
I come to grips with life and realize this is going to far . \ 
Please understand that I have to leave and move on with my life . \ 
Avenged sevenfold- afterlife\ 
Kind of a hard song to wake up to to give you an answer with so much going on in your mind 
If all great nations throughout history crumble , hasn't the world just become one great nation full of countries we can call city-states thanks to the Internet , and all forms of instant contact . \ 
Are we watching this \great nation\ " starting the snow ball effect greatly accelerate right before our eyes ? " 
More reason I love avenge sevenfold . Name is based on the story of Cain and < PROPMALE > . Stupendous ! 
Looks like someone has a case of the Monday's , and needs to keep it to their damn self . I mean there's 12 in that thing and I didn't want any ! 
I finally did it and my heart is crying . My souls burden feels so much lighter 
Returned my xoom , that was a want I can do without 
Well , Off to what i do best . Drive to Alabama , but this time in the rain . :) 
Alright .. I like rain but alabamians just can't drive in it , they're almost as bad as deer in headlights 
Bored 
not so bored now . just read up to date news on IQD . looks very promising :) 
USS Alabama here i come , totally need the break . 
Mmmm opera at over 5k watts of power in a car is so soothing . Feels like a massage without thinking . I wonder if this is how fish feel right before a concussion bomb :) 
Just ripe my heart out . Again ! 
I just destroyed another beautiful day . I suck 
Woe unto them that call evil good , and good evil 
And the universe is completely against me . Hitting every red light ...... I probably lost a great friend yesterday but lost a huge burden at the same time- dang unicorns 
Ok so aug 1st will be way to late for me to get out of this black hole called Florida .... Any ideas ? 
Argh !!!! I need to watch the notebook . Anyone want to join me ? 
It gets better . Pretty lady looks at me and says , \ you're the first redhead I've seen with deep blue eyes . That's hot\ " \ 
Love the White noise App for my phone , can listen to thunderstorms when ever I feel like it . So soothing when the heart is troubled . 
Shazam ! 
You're voice is like a poison for the soul , \ 
Turning black which once was white , \ 
Tearing into pieces but promised to keep it whole , \ 
First sense you destroy sight\ 
Them any feelings of esteem and self worth , \ 
You even crush the feelings of knowing what is right , \ 
7 years of bondage to a false love and bondage , 
I'm just a little black rain cloud hovering over the rubble of what was 
Even though I'm down , and working . I can still listen to conference :) 
One more hour .. 
Took a nap , and adjusted headlights so I'm not squirrel hunting 
Feeling like the hulk and kinda wanna smash some stuff .... Or maybe it's like gallager . ( sp ) \ 
Either way something's getting broke today 
Off to kill some trees while listening to conference . Flame away 
So glad pills can be chewable 
Rome ?! FTW and the placement . That is just amazing 
Arythma- connected . 
Yup . That dream will be placed in the nightmare section . Silly dinosaur 
I tried to give to you . All I had\ 
In return you gave me this eff'd up pain\ 
How could you divide my world ?! \ 
Arythma- divide my world 
Anyone have a magic wake up and forget the past pill ? 
Thursday ... Can you change places with Tuesday just this once 
So I need to start running nightly , that way by the time I make it to bountiful I'll kill the pulmonary function test . Anyone up for being my partner ? 
Mmmm chocolate chip 
I missed the whole thunderstorm last night , I was even woke up by some cute nurse lady so I could listen to it 
Hahaha ... So I don't want a serious relationship but you can sleep with me hoping it'll change my mind . Honestly who in their right mind thinks that's how it works ?! 
Yup , tired of driving 
Never thought finding a job , one that i can enjoy would be so difficult that would also allow me the time to go to school . Bountiful- you're not being like your name states . :( 
Institute , conference , and a great sister giving < PROPMALE > inspiration in one week . What is going on here ?! :) 
Indulging on a show I haven't seen in awhile ; Scrubs 
Anything entertaining happening today ? 
So far I'm up to 6 . :) 
It's only 1230 and I have nothing to do :( 
GRRRR . I am not a saleman , why can't they post jobs other than sales !?! 
Can't today be over already ? 
Why does your brain have to think of the most insane stuff when your bored 
So do they put endorphins or something in the air at the ER cause I could have just sat in the waiting room if I knew my symptoms were going to drastically leave 
And it continues 
Just signed up to volunteer at PAWS , finally . Looks like I found something to do when I'm not working . 
This ain't a scene 
Depeche mode kinda day , totally rocking Songs of Faith and Devotion\ 
Well I'm down on my knees again\ 
And I pray to the only one that has the strength to forgive all the things that I've done\ 
Oh girl .... Lead me into your darkness\ 
When this world is trying it's hardest to leave me unimpressed- one caress 
Ok . Anyone hiring ? I'll do anything right now , this alarm crap , I'm over it 
Oh . Tron legacy . Totally put me to sleep 
Blast , foiled again . 
I so need to do something I know is wrong and will crush my self worth in hopes it'll change someone's mind . Another dumb justification . :) 
Wish me luck , going to apply at every restaurant i can think of down the destin strip hoping one will hire me . ANYTHING is better than wasting gas and my time when my goal to be in Bountiful by July is getting closer and the job is causing debt and stress instead of financial gain . 
Oh you can sit there and pretend you don't know you're a legend 
And wow . I just realized Wednesday will make 2 weeks . Yay 
Facebook challenge ... During this couple of weeks before Easter , I am out to prove that my friends will re-post , I hope I am right !!! Easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed to call Jesus Christ your savior , copy and re-post . I'm not ashamed 
D&C 39 8-10 . Beautiful 
So not ready for sunshine 
Volcano burrito :) . Yumm 
So far , been a long hot day . A lot of whining from my dog but he'll get over it :) 
So instead of a midget to kick every time I did something wrong , can I have one that keeps telling me how awesome I am ? 
yay for wednesday . 
Doesn't it suck when you wake up and realize the past 7 years you could have been going to school , or kept a job that had awesome benefits , but didn't because of someone ? Oh well , ya live ya learn , then you get huggies :) 
Day 2 without taking lamictal and my anxiety/worry level has dropped in half . I bet withing the next few days ill be back to being me . Still waiting on an another appointment , but IMO i listened to the wrong person about my well being and just wasted a lot of money and time . 
Ad on Hulu said we're eating blue fin tuna way to fast , almost extinct . what a bunch of crap . dang eco-nazi tree huggin weirdo's 
so am I < PROPFEMALE > enough to work at mcquires ? well find out after today 
if you're ever in the mood for pizza and doritos . stay away from the pizza supreme doritos . not tasty at all . its like they had left over seasonings for the taco and cool ranch and mix it together to just sell crapola 
BAH ! 
That was the funniest thing ever ! 
Hope the dog survives my 2 day absence . 
Can't I just find a here's your new job < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Made it alive to Atlanta . Possibly saw a tornado in Alabama , most entertaining part of the drive 
When did a hotels breakfast start have omletes and sausage ? 
Made it back alive and in good spirits , Teancum was taken care of and was very good as ive been told . that is all . goodnight face book 
Ok thought I was done .... Just wanted to reiterate ; avenged sevenfold my new theme band . :) . The song Lost . Beautiful and so true 
When boredom takes over all sanity runs 
Well today got better . Just picked up Within Temptations newest album . The Unforgiving . Yup , i love women bands 
Goodbye . And thanks for all the fish 
It's wrong to feed starving people , it cuts into their motivation . - < PROPMALE > , American Dad 
D&C 133 : 15 But verily , thus saith the Lord , let not your flight be in haste , but let all things be prepared before you ; and he that goeth , let him not look back lest sudden destruction shall come upon him . 
Well goodnight FB , i need to get back to my studying .... i've stayed away from it for long enough 
Ugh . 
< PROPFEMALE > bochman ( sp ? ) she's pretty amazing 
Took an hour and a half phone call to get motivated and out of the mud for a bit . :) 
Find out about carrabbas tomorrow after 2 .... Hope it works out . Cause only place left is the crab trap and they said come back the first week of may 
Note to FB , when stuck at a red light with your ac on make sure to have it recirculate the air in the car so you don't get all the smokers left overs :( 
Even though it's NA , mornings still feel like you had the real thing . Ugh 
nap time . ignore the day . 
I start orientation at carrabbas may 9th . Finally something 
I could have been a lover , could have been a fighter but I didn't know how too . \ 
I'm fighting my way back to you\ 
I have to take back all that I gave away 
Somehow landed a date , guess I gotta get \ready \"" 
so not wanting to work today 
T minus 10 minutes til bald :) 
African cats , pretty good documentary . 
First time watching < PROPFIRST > bytheway . I wonder how this is going to go :) 
maybe 2 hours of sleep . I've really got to quit allowing OPP to cause me issues . 
I swear I have a hall pass . 
Go for the eyes boo , GO FOR THE EYES !..... any gamers out there know that reference ? 
2 nights of little sleep , lack of motivation , and a lot of laundry to do . At least my dog sleeps for me :) 
When I come up . When I rush . I rush for you - depeche mode 
With Amp in hand , and other in the pocket . Looks like today is going to lose . 
I really should change my ringtone ... Having my phone sing about woman wanting me just for my soldiers in people's houses has lost it's humor . They all give the same shocked look now 
So the Obama birth cert . Registrars name is U K L < PROPFIRST > , how can that not be Hawaiian ? 
Just got back from the reserve meeting . gotta find a lot of paperwork . 
Ugh , can i go insane already ? 
Just checked the address for my 8am install , it's an apartment , who wants to guess I'm driving to Cairo , GA . For S&G's this early ? 
Alright I'm up to be a mail order husband . Any bids ? :) 
1105 . Pissed 3 people off . Apologized to a couple and want a nap . I guess my mornings been productive 
So , Anyone know of anyone that wants to buy a kidney . i have 2 
Ugh .... Smokers , I so need a shower 
People in < PROPMALE > are lucky , non-ethanol fuel . They get better mpg and pay the same price . 
Is so addicted to Zombie < PROPFIRST > right now 
seriously ? a 3D phone ? 
So glad my drill can act like bug spray . This attic was full of brown spiders the size of my palm 
Mmmm smells like teen spirit ... 
goodnight , and hope tomorrow brings better news , enlightenment , plus a bit of luck . So far total DQ'd from the Reserve til i get a few things fixed . 
Another day and my tin foil hat is nowhere to be found 
Defense attorney flew the coupe . Quit practicing and the office she was at only has an email for her . Frick 
So does anyone think the guy that searched for the titanic and the bismark will take on the endeavor to locate the body bag of the OBL ? Conspiracy theorists unite :) 
Good times . Get to tell boss after work tomorrow I'm grounded . Broke until next payday . 2 weeks later 
4 unknown callers in 5 minutes . I wonder whose bring a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Here comes the bic razor 
Now if I was playing rap that asshole wouldnt have cared and no ticket given . But since it was murder by death and over 25 feet away he gladly didn't care I was having a bad day 
Go Go Gadget ............. ah dammit i forgot what part he gave me 
I give up . 
and the teary eyes start .. 
1 down . Millions more to go 
HA , take that pinnacle vodka . ( i found the hidden x ) 
This anime . Instead of a viao , viag . And the OS- Macindows . Loving it 
Da joys of der firehoussen . :) 
Totally a sad day ..... I just get to listen to avenged sevenfold loud in the car :( 
