hardly ever logs onto Facebook anymore . I'll update this thing when I get to Rhode Island , my phone should suffice for networking until then . ;p 

made a new Facebook , finally . 
is super close to the weekend . 
is nervous about classes starting in just a few weeks . 
is yawning . Why am I awake ? It's 5:20 AM . ;p 
is listening to 3OH ! 3 . 
is done with clothes shopping , finally ?! 
leveled Sovi to 40 , and is now getting some sleep . 
has to finish packing , and pick up a mini fridge and wireless router before move-in on Monday . : l 
is aggravated with campus tech support . 
is finally moving in , after spending some time celebrating < PROPFIRST>' birthday . ;) 
misses < PROPFIRST > . <3 
is off to get a wireless card for her gaming PC , and is also the only kid who moved into an all girls school with a gaming PC . ;P 
starts class at noon tomorrow . 
is tired and not all that amused by the new convention of Wednesday evenings . 
only has one < PROPFEMALE > chapter left for Ethics , and then can start gaming when < PROPFIRST > gets done with the lawn . :) 
can't believe the dorm Internet is so slow ... 
has a class at 9:30 and still needs to use the shower . D: ! 
is going to Forensics lab to analyze the scientific inaccuracies of NCIS , then hopping on World of Warcrack to level her paladin . :D 
wishes she could live in an apartment and pay for a real Internet connection without the latency of 300+ college kids checking Facebook . ;p 
is fed up with this NCIS assignment . 
doesn't want to go to Forensics lab for 3 hours for 1 hour of credit . 
is not off to a promising start for the day ... 
thinks Depeche Mode is better than history class . 
is pissed that a 16 year old schoolgirl gets to sail around the world in a yacht . Where's my epic adventure ? 
is playing World of Warcraft and Rock Band : the Beatles at That Computer Store . 
is sleepy . 
is tired and kind of moody . 
finished her lab report . ;D 
hopes we can leave Forensics as soon as we finish the test . :D 
is learning to tank . Taunt , taunt , taunt . 
is tired of having shitty gear in Retribution . > [ 
is trying to get a winning match of AV in before class , but is still waiting on the queue . 
is sad about 45+ minute waits for battlegrounds . 
has become a Facebook slacker , and is now logging on only to find out if BIO/CHEM 190 is having lab this week . :) 
submitted transcripts and FAFSA stuff to JWU , whoo . 
... uh , what . The CIS homework makes no sense , this is all stuff we already submitted a few weeks ago . 
<3 Restokin . 
is waiting for JWU to send me a letter , preferably a fatty one . ;D 
is raiding the Alliance cities for AD's 4th Anniversary . 
is not going to save you a spot in a Heroic run when all I can get for trying to reach you is some crap automated voice recording . 
had a pretty crappy day ... :[ 
is barely awake and has to cough up a mini-paper before Phil/Rel . 
is angry ... 
is a Software Engineering < PROPMALE > , maybe ...?! Why is it so hot in Mirse ? D: 
is happy , ready for history and waiting for my financial aid estimate from < PROPMALE > and Wales to arrive . :D Also , my copy of Windows 7 ! 
likes healing on her druid . :) Spellpower/MP5 mace with a little +int and +stam plus +int offhand is overpowered . 
wants to know why you can only talk to his NPC by clicking on his bottom ... 
is tired and bored , wishing the mail would get here/ 
TOME OF COLD WEATHER FLYING :D 
... ugh . :( 
just got out the Cheetos , but is too repulsed to consume them . Well , that worked out all right I guess . Won't pack on any pounds from cheesy snack goodness at least . 
would like you to know that Frost Presence is not a substitute for defensive stats on gear . > l 
is filing financial aid appeals , ugh ... 
is going to see < PROPFIRST > later . :) 
just trimmed down her friends list by a long shot , just trying to keep it down to people I can actually be expected to talk to when I head up to JWU . 
didn't like that practice exam to exempt ENG102 ... Passages out of context much ? 
fml , I don't need a repeat of < PROPFIRST > . 14th from 2009 
is downloading Chrome for OS X . :) 
is tired ... Still waiting to register for classes ... 
doesn't like being stuck here .. 
is angry I'm stuck at home on a Saturday night ... 
You don't have to drive a super car to get far . Call me naive , love is for free . 
</3 
is so let down . 
There used to be good hoodies . :( 
is watching CSI with < PROPFIRST > . 
isn't sure if the housing app is really going live today , boo . ;/ 
feels kinda moody , but has to get stuff done today . > l 
is scribbling on my college orientation schedule and getting ready to pack , whee . :) 
headache 
Cheesecake appears to be tastier in Rhode Island . 
is in Programming Concepts until 1:25 , then fixing Chosovi's raid UI ?! :D 
Dragon Age , then bed . 
saddest day in RI so far . 
still a little sad but going to the mall for late lunch :] 
Forget intoxication , even mild excitement has hit an all time low . 
Hungry . 
is going to stay with < PROPFIRST > all summer ...! 
needs to do some dailies . Maybe tomorrow . 
is tired , waiting for my night class to start at 6 . 
leveled a new alt to 5 , now getting some sleep . :D Yay for the weekend . 
Adventure to Whole Foods ! 
ICC ! 
Hates Windows , wants OS X . 
Visual Basic at 1:40 . Boring . ;/ 
Programming Concepts until 1:25 . 
Hates being sick . : l VB assignment due tomorrow , blahhh . 
finished Visual Basic stuff , yay . 
Sitting in this room for two hours , then WoW + nap and lunch later . 
Still sick , not looking forward to being up past midnight for ICC10 .. 
In C Programming .. boring . 
hates strep . D: So much for doing fun stuff . 
Two months to go . 
naptime 
Sick again today . 
feels easily disposed of ...? Eh . Comm until 9:05 . 
Nap before Programming Concepts . 
One month and 21 days ! 
is leveling a new warrior . And getting ready for midterms . ;p 
Note to self : pg . 95 , #6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 12 , 14 
Dinner with Jes laterrr . :o 
Finished C Prog . homework , whee :) 
is going to the mall with Jes and then getting poster stuff for my lame Public Speaking project ! :) 
:'( 
Light lunch then library with < PROPMALE > for Public Speaking project . Wings with Jes later . :D 
Why are apologies so hard to come by ? You won't melt or burst into flames from being genuinely sorry once in a while . 
Needs a hug 
Just removed a Java exploit . Come on , Sun Microsystems , you just cost me raid time . :[ 
is unhappy , just hoping it won't be permanent . 
missing my baby and going back to bed . :D 
juts spent 3 hours downloading Windows 7 on my < PROPMALE > only to realize I had the wrong ISO , and I have 2 programming assignments due tomorrow that have to be done in a Windows IDE , fml , fml , fml . 
is feeling very Republican right now . 
Law & Order now , Cilantro later . <3 
Never thought I would be running combofix on my own machine , what a failure . :p 
Shower then trying to find SAS ... 
One month and 7 pounds to go . :D 
Cilantro then C Programming . 
Fixing my character's professions so I can make some golds . :O 
Sing out loud , we all die . Laughing into the fire , is it always like this ? 
No one in SC will answer the phone . 
Fire&Ice with Jes Rais and < PROPFEMALE > Grue soon ? :O I'm hungry , chomp chomp chomp . 
Excited for classes to end soon so I can have a lazy summer .. 
can't wait for classes to be over today .. Wish we were doing something else in Concepts , I need a serious break from group projects . 
Lots of crap going on tomorrow . 
Not really tired enough to sleep and drunk people are screaming in the courtyard , but I have a speech due at 7 AM . :/ 
is not psyched about the way that speech went , but at least the trimester is almost over .. 
F'ing hungry . D: 
Wishing I could take finals early , cold medicine is pricey in Rhode Island . 
It's awesome when nobody does anything stupid in H HoR . 
Exams soon then home :D 
Finished my last assignment , now exams . 
out dpsing lowbies on my bear <3 
Back in SC in a week ! 
finished my Communication project on Mexico ... Cleaning up a bit before raid . 
Tanked some stuff , now catching up on Bones before exams in the AM . 
You don't pay attention and then want to give me a lecture because I'm the impolite one . Yeah . So unhappy . 
Finished the take-home half of my C Programming exam . 
Has to take one last exam before I can leave RI , and the professor is late to it .. Ugh . 
Tired , sad . Going to try to get some sleep without thinking about stuff too much . 
Feeling happier , trying to find out if Shutter Island is playing at the dollar theater . 
Playing The World Ends With You on DS while I finish laundry . 
just watched Delicatessen on Netflix . Weird . 
So some guy knocks on the apartment door , and when I open it he says , \Is your mom or dad home ? \ " : l " 
Transferring to Feathermoon today , sweet . 
Saw a < PROPMALE > in H UK named Bearwithme , cute . 
3 more feral gems to go . 
lol < PROPFIRST>'s list at JWU 
Just got out of the worst WG ever , people seriously went to the middle right off and ... just stayed there farming HKs . 
Starting to dislike living in an apt . Still in my pajamas and now I can't shower or go anywhere because maintenance is replacing the fridge . 
It's 85 degrees in here , whoa . 
Going to USC :) Happy . 
Frustrated . 
RMAing my video card , then studying for placement tests . 
Had an awesome birthday at Carowinds :) 
Collecting free junk at the info fair , class registration soon-ish . 
Ready for this cold to end 
found the perfect Alliance guild for me , Horde Sympathizers . 
Video card is back :) 
never gets a break from babysitting the dog 
Hoping my fin aid goes through before Welcome Week so I don't have to get books in all the madness . 
Migraine :( 
Playing WoW while puppy chews on a stick 
dislikes it when someone lies to your face , and then you realize you can't trust anything they say ever . 
Stop me if you think you've heard this one before . 
saw the cutest baby lizard , but he ran anyway when I touched him . :( 
Maybe moving on-campus .. 
tired 
won a game of Hogwarts Clue , it was Draco Malfoy in the Great Hall with the Ahlohamora spell 
iPhone keeps dying 
Thanks dog for ruining my $50 tennis shoes . I'm sure that could have been prevented by using a baby gate for you , but I understand that your perceived freedom ( as if you could conceptualize \being free \") overrides my right to maintain the quality of any material possessions you may destroy through out your unknowing emancipation . " 
Classes start tomorrow , whee . 
thinks Providence , RI is preferable to downtown Columbia . 
thought the apt . was gonna get cleaned yesterday , now the puppy is getting into everything :( 
Thinking Greek isn't my cup of tea . Traded it for Medical Anthropology , I'll take Spanish next year . 
Missing class because I'm lost in downtown . 
ANTH552 @ 9:30 . 
Bio lab until 1:45 , hopefully he lets us out early . 
knows that remedial math for athletes does exist in uni , because it apparently takes place every T/Th right before Med Anth . 
Lab on pH and buffers , then I get my first two day weekend of the semester . 
Day off . :) 
:) 
got nervous and totally forgot about two different kinds of inductive arguments right before my Logic test . :/ 
Slept the day away :o 
Biology study group for an hour . 
really didn't know it was possible to chew gum so obnoxiously . I really want to reach around and slap this girl , ugh . 
Getting ready for bio exam :o 
Displeased that the study guide for Med Anthro still isn't up . Bedtime ! :) 
Getting ready for math and bio . :D 
just sorted 600 biology flashcards . Humorously , they all had categorical labels , but they weren't categorically arranged in the box . :( 
My team won Metabolic Jeopardy in bio lab , yay for an extra 10 points . :) 
My dog keeps taking my keys while I'm trying to get ready .. I keep putting them back up in harder to reach places but she always knocks them down . I think she's trying to make me stay home with her . 
Going out for dinner somewherrre :o 
Off to take my ANTH552 midterm . 
Mexican restaurant , then bio study group . 
97% on my ANTH552 midterm . :D 
Yay for Human Osteology next semester ! 
is memorizing glycolysis/Krebs cycle step-by-step for bio . It would be nice if the professor allowed phosphoglycerate to be written in shorthand . 
needs fall break to happen . 
Worked hard on some PowerPoint slides for a group project just to have them be turned to crap with a \default theme\ " so that everyone else's would match . Seriously ..? " 
is going to the fair with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Friday . <3 
wishing I had $15 to reactivate my WoW on Tuesday , but college is expensive . :/ 
Going to NC tomorrow for some medical tourism . :) 
Looking forward to some holy paladin PvP after this last midterm . 
So , holy paladins are awesome now . 
just got back from an awesome day at the fair with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . The baby animals were cute and lots of creaky , unsafe rides were ridden . :) 
Nap with my dog , then going out somewhere , maybe . 
Cat druid then reading Spinoza . :( Why did I take this class ? I don't like Descartes or Spinoza , and they make up 66% of the reading list . 
Just got my purple shirt for tomorrow . :) 
just learned the hard way that my dog also enjoys Harvest Ranch kettle chips . 
Just finished mapping out my schedules for the next few years , what a headache . Cleaning up a bit and then off to convince my adviser that my plan is worthy of approval . 
just got permission to take Classical Origins of Western Medical Ethics ! Yesss ! :D 
is relieved as Spring registration complexities begin to work themselves out . 
About to go to 17th/18th Century Philosophy and then Logic . At least there are only 2.5 hours of torture left in my day . 
In Medical Anthropology discussing public health . Out at 10:45 . 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . <3 <3 <3 This is for my grandfather who died in ' 96 . I miss you . :( 
Caprica was cancelled . :( 
E-mailed financial aid three days ago to tell them I changed my housing plans on my FAFSA , and still no reply . > l 
Finished bio homework . :) 
Wants something dumb . Brain , why did you have to fail today ? I wish that I could RMA you .. 
Young , dumb , stung . 
In a crummy mood , not fair . : l 
Studying for my test on genetics and cell division , I wish my dog would shut up . 
Cold . 
My dog eats jalapeños . Seriously ? 
has a job interview Friday ! 
Does not want to go to ANTH552 to discuss childhood vaccinations under Soviet rule , but I guess 75 minutes of class won't kill me . 
wants to finish registering for spring . Waiting on pre-authorizations for BIOL 102 and < PROPMALE > 312 . 
If the lab coordinator for BIOL 102 doesn't reply to my e-mail soon , I'm gonna get stuck in another weekend bio lab . Just amazing . 
fails at using FB on iPhone . :o 
Turning in my double < PROPMALE > form , then class until 3:45 . 
Could use some duct tape . 
Proud of my puppy Lilu for not destroying anything in the apartment today . 
Groggy . :/ 
<3 new login screen for WoW . 
Tired . 
<3 Moonkin hatchling pet from the Blizzard store ! 
Listening to No Doubt while I cram for my genetics test . 16+ block punnet squares are hardcore . 
Had lunch with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at Tios , now trying to find stuff to do for the rest of the day . Unfortunately , it will probably be exam stuff . 
Just finished my final lab report for the semester . Now I'm free to go feel sorry for myself until this buzz-killing headache disappears . 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status ! 
Pizza . :o 
Successfully upgraded to Cataclysm after many wasted hours of frustration and \re-dialing Customer Service\ " woe . " 
Last year at Christmas I was a jerk and told my grandmother I didn't want a pair of gloves she got me , because I don't like the way gloves look . Now my hands are cold all the time and I wish that I had them . I guess that's < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Trying to make the most of my ANTH552 exam , although I'm feeling miserable at best . 
MY BLACKROCK QUEUE IS DOWN TO 9 MINUTES . This is what excitement looks like . 
Tired , wishing I didn't have an exam tomorrow so I could do fun stuff instead of studying . 
Awaaaake . 
Post-exam jetlag . All those energy drinks and late nights are just now catching up with me . :( 
Pissed off and tired of server hopping . I just want to find whichever server it is I can raid on , and stay there . Preferably not as Alliance . 
Difficult week . 
Just got a Razer Naga for < PROPFIRST > tmas . :) Thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
dreamed I bought a Motorola Olympus . Ten days to go until CES . 
So this Christmas break my dog ruined my Apple MagSafe charger , my G15 gaming keyboard and my brand new Razer Naga gaming mouse . And USC's webmail has been down all day so that I can't contact my insurance company to replace them . 
<3 College Student Insurance . 
Just wanted a price quote on one Corolla and has gotten at least 5 e-mails from the dealership pushing me to buy it or some other car since . 
Moving stuff into my dorm . : l Long day . 
Snowwww at USC . 
To the people above us in East Quad , it sounds as if you are LARPing Hungry Hungry Hippos . Dorm rooms are not meant for this activity , please consider another one . 
My WoW and Gmail accounts have been hijacked so please ignore any unusual messages from either . 
I want a bagel , but I don't really want to walk through the ice without a coat to get one . 
Dorm pancakes , then getting ready for a philosophy of science class followed by two science classes . :D 
My mom just brought me a dozen Bruegger’s bagels and a toaster , just in time to eat one before my first class . :) 
Well , Forensic Psychology was less than amazing . Someone drop a spot in History of Medicine , now . > l 
Going to look at a car in the morning . :) 
Should be reading Nicomachean Ethics right now , but I think I'll wait until I wake up from a nap instead . 
Cleaning up a bit before Health Care Ethics . 
Tried salt and pepper chips for the first time just now . Sadly , a disappointment . 
Philosophy of science followed by pre-med chemistry and biology . Mondays and Wednesdays are very science-y this semester . 
Grabbing some food at the < PROPFIRST > House with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , then hitting the books . It's almost the weekend ! :) 
Headache . > l 
Just downloaded a free trial of Nitro PDF so I can annotate PDFs for class . Is there really no way to highlight/mark-up PDFs built into Windows 7 or Microsoft Office ? Why do I have to pay extra to use a feature in 7 that's built into OS X ? 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > who directed me to the Colloquim Cafe where I found healthy deli sandwiches situated in direct opposition to artery clogging cakes and brownies . :) 
Has a writing assignment due tomorrow but the professor still hasn't said exactly what we're supposed to be writing . 
iPhone finally stopped working . Put my SIM card in another phone but its kinda wonky , so I can only do calls , no texts until I get a new phone in February . :/ 
Downloading RIFT beta . :) 
Going to my two seminar classes . First up for discussion : Zeno and the stoics in Origins of Western Morality , and then onto medical professionalism in Health Care Ethics . 
Busy day . Chem lab , morality seminar , health care ethics , bio SI and chem SI . Then I finally get to go home for the weekend . 
Chem lab wasn't that bad surprisingly . We were the first group to finish , we had accurate and expected results , and the < PROPFEMALE > was really down to earth . 
Shoutcast won't load and I'm out of Pandora time for another 45 minutes . :/ 
Sorry to everybody who IMed me Friday or today , I left my PC on in my dorm and none of the messages forwarded to my Macbook . 
Two classes then < PROPFIRST>'s day stuff ! :) 
Thanks to the person who did a hit and run on my car while it was parked at USC . My Yaris is bright yellow , and the damage you did to the driver's side is glaringly obvious , so I can only conclude that you saw my car but hit it anyway because you were too lazy to adjust your own before pulling out , and then you decided not to leave your insurance card because you're a jerk . 
doesn't want to do chem lab . 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday ! 
My campus e-mail isn't working . I could try fixing it , or I could level in AV . Tough decisions . 
Dragging my feet to RELG491O . Jesus , please let a small asteroid hit Rutledge before I get there so I don't have to go . 
Weekend . :) 
Busy day and I'm without a phone again . 
just got a Go-phone to last until whenever the Thunderbolt is actually released . Or maybe I'll wait for the Bionic at this point . Anyway , it can receive unlimited texts or calls : 803-397-6078 . 
put in job applications at Publix , Food Lion , Kroger , CVS , Target , Best Buy , Build-a-Bear , and Walgreens . If anyone knows of any other places that are hiring , let me know . 
will be a little late to NEVERWHERE . I walked inside Bellacino's to give them a job application and now I'm trapped at That Computer Store until the crazy weather subsides . :( 
would like to take a trip to < PROPMALE>'s Bakery with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hundley but I'm not a big fan of driving through New Jersey . 
watching Futurama and Tosh . 0 ! 
is going to build a house in MineCraft and win some battlegrounds today . 
Advisement is coming up for summer/fall . Should I declare a double < PROPMALE > in Religion , or a minor in Neuroscience ? Let's take a vote : would you want your future psychiatrist to have a broad perspective of the way people experience their lives , or a rigorous undertaking of clinical brain science ? 
Wednesday night Sonic with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . <3 Working on stuff for a grad school class all day Thursday . 
I seem to have misplaced my real life Ctrl Z button , so I'm just gonna say five hail Marys and go shoot stuff in DCU until it turns up . 
Lunch with Miss Lavaren . At some point I should write a research proposal . 
At The British Bulldog Pub getting quizzed on 80s bands by @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . ( I haven't missed one yet . ) 
I had a lousy day ( my own fault ) , but my night was a lot better , which proves that there's some good to be found in any 24 hour period if you stay up late enough . ? 
Practicing for my ASVAB . :O Everyone comment with shock now , given my extremist anti-political nature . 
Who doesn't want to write a paper for < PROPMALE > 512 ? Me ! :( 
I spent last spring in Rhode Island and forgot what bees looked like until just now . 
At my parents ' house - me : I didn't eat any meat yesterday . Dad : I didn't do any heroin yesterday . 
Go to your profile . The first five friends in your sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse : We'll have < PROPFIRST > Rosdahl in tow for strats , but if things take a turn for the worst , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > can get us drunk , < PROPFEMALE > Grey and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > can provide ( different kinds of ) comic relief , and < PROPFEMALE > Callahan can make sure we go down in style . 
Can't wake up . 
Just finished dissecting < PROPMALE>'s Underdetermination of Scientific Theory with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , who is now passed out on the couch from mental exhaustion . 
Spring break is over , countdown to summer . :) 
Oral exam in religion , then studying for a chem test . I'm not purposefully ignoring you guys , but if I don't answer your calls/texts/IMs , it's because the break is over and I'm swamped with work again . 
Thanks mom ( < PROPFEMALE > Smith ) for my new wireless printer and the HTC Thunderbolt you reserved for Thursday ! <3 
Stuck with a Thunderbolt that won't activate . WTF , Verizon ? 
New ( permanent ) cell phone number : 667-6847 . 
Putting together a crew to urban-explore USC Catacombs . Anyone interested ? 
Just finished an essay , and later I have to take a test ... I wish I was playing Sims 3 , there should be a skip button for this ! > l 
Just made an A on a paper for a graduate philosophy course , as a sophomore ! Yeah , one step closer to a 15 on my MCAT Verbal ! :] 
Warm jeans :D 
Heard a pretty good Smiths cover during Suckerpunch . Unexpected but awesome . 
I <3 my dog . 
Kitten , kitten , kitten , kitten , Vent interview for progression raiding . :D And I'm catching a cold . : l 
So when I invited some of you guys to answer a poll , I noticed that FB re-ordered my friends according to how often I view each of their profiles . I don't think I like this . 
I wish I could go back to sleep . 
When it rains , I think of church bells and corner stores . I'm sad that when I step outside , I'll be forced to realize I'm not in Providence . <3 RI 
Just pissed off my entire bio class of 100 people by pulling a Hermione Granger . The professor started to ask a bonus question and my hand shot up before he even finished asking ; I got 1 bonus point and 99 angry glares . 
Someone come visit me in downtown , and whoever you are , bring cake . 
Pizza and Law & Order . <3 
Getting my hair did , then meeting up with my lovely < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hundley . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > came bouncing up to me and crawled up my leg when I got home today . :) 
I feel like I have the flu . In April . 
Favorite jeans ruined and I can't afford to replace them . Pretty bad day . 
Want . 
Whatever , I do what I want ! 
Listening to Royksopp and pretending I don't have to leave for class in twenty minutes . 
I want Portal 2 . 
I want to see some cool people tonight , but NBT seems to have gotten a little avaricious with the door fees given the usually quality of their shows . Can anyone vouch that this band doesn't suck ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Gruber , < PROPFIRST > Hartman , < PROPFIRST > Decker , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hundley , anyone ? 
I dreamed I broke my hand . Someone healed it with just a touch . Oh , Sigmund Freud .. 
Stop trying to impose earth logic on me , < PROPFIRST > Decker . I'm missing the chromosome necessary to encode it ! 
Listening to Imperative Reaction as I write my paper about creation-science ! ? 
Make-up then grindcore . 
I am beginning to learn that advice has a very subjective nature . 
Can't we pause the day for a water break ? Just a five minute one ? No ? Crashing on my bed when I get out of < PROPMALE > 550 . > _o 
Listening to some dubstep provided by Jeska Rais and brainstorming for research papers . 
Pollen , I hate you . 
Tired of research papers . > l 
I've become blind , have I lost my mind ? Yes and no , but < PROPFEMALE > , would I lie to you ? 
Pizza and origami dinosaurs with < PROPFEMALE > Grey ! 
Ferris Bueller and paper animals with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . 
<3 Adult Swim 
Watching Hard < PROPFEMALE > . 
How late are restaurants on the second floor of the < PROPFIRST > House open ? Someone tell me ASAP . 
Yes , I did just walk across campus looking like a hot mess . It was just that kind of weekend . Thankfully , the planets are shifting back into alignment , the gate to the alternate dimension is sealed , and the effects of the lycanthropy are wearing off . Shower time is now . 
Read a news article about transcranial magnetic stimulation , and now I'm going to bio . Looking forward to 7:15 , when I'll be free ! 
I hate voting on the day to have a test review . Why does over half the class vote for the day before the test ? That's not how effective studying works . 
Facebook chat , why don't you ever just work ? 
Caffeine , laundry , and paper topics . 
I want to go to APEX and dissect a cadaver , but it costs $700 . :( 
I bought a digital copy of a required book for RELG 491O . Then , my laptop charger died . I would have been < PROPFIRST > , but then I remembered that I have Kindle on my HTC Thunderbolt . Android saves the day . :) 
Thanks to Dr. Roberts for letting me borrow an awesome book to use in my research paper about sexuality immorality in I Corinthians . Although you won't see this , you saved me about $100 , and you rock . 
Making tacos for breakfast ! 
You're trying my shoes on for a change . They look so good , but fit so strange . Out of fashion , so I can't complain . 
Wall of text crits for over 9000 ... >_> Just walked a mile , now onto a shower and a nap . 
Getting ready for class . 
Biology SI then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hundley and < PROPFIRST > Smith before I have to work on research papers . 
Who makes the best ( i.e. , high pigment and long lasting ) eyeliner ? Department store brands only unless you think something is an extreme exception to this rule . Go ! 
Just had a fender render . The damage is superficial and the other person is being nice . Worst part ? The cops didn't buy that I'm 20 until they read it on my ID . 
In a better mood now . :) 
Papers . >> 
An amateur rapper just hit on me in a Wal-Mart parking lot . Thanks , dude , I needed some comic relief . 
Stuck . 
Doctor's appointment at 9 AM Wednesday . :) 
About to write a paper about I Corinthians . I have to attempt to rationalize < PROPFIRST>'s conflicting statements about sexual immorality without suggesting that Corinthians has multiple authors ... This is going to be masochistically awesome ! 
Roommate , please stop having phone conversations in our bathroom . I know you think your conversation with your friend is so super private that you need to hole yourself away in there , but I really don't care about whatever you're discussing , and I really , really need to pee . Also , why do women do this ? I've yet to have a roommate who hasn't . Sincerely , me . 
Jeska Rais , the competency of your neighborhood police force has restored some small faith in mine . 
Rattled . 
I love my parents . 
Nap before bio . 
Cleaning . :( 
For the love of God , roommate . It's after 1 AM on a school night . Either send your boyfriend on his way , or at least put out so he'll STFU and fall asleep . I expect that you'll have made up your mind about which of these solutions is the best fit no later than 3 AM , because I'd really like to get some sleep . > l 
<3 Jeska Rais finds the best dubstep . 
Excited for finals to be over . 
Having a really hard time waking up . 
Carbohydrates and electrolytes ! 
Sup paresthesia . How long are you planning to stay ? 
At first I hated my last name because it's so common , but now I think I might keep it forever . 
Just started getting the weight loss side effect . :] Well , toprimate , you made me nearly as lethargic as a chemo patient , took away feeling in my hands and feet , and tried to sucker punch my kidneys , but you're behaving more nicely now ; I think we can still be friends . 
Was just given flowers for the first time ... 
Feeling like a fuck-up . 
Okay , papers must get done . When you suffer a psychotic breakdown and I'm the MD who gets called to talk you down , you'll be glad I spent my five years of undergrad thoughtfully considering new testament prophets and the structure of scientific revolutions , I promise . So I'm doing this , and pending any long overdue apologies that I may be only wishing to receive , none of you will stop me . 
Just finished off the last Rockstar Recovery in my possession , and now I can't stop grinning . I feel like the Chesire Cat . I'm laughing that none of you tried to steal it from me before I consumed it , but alas .. This paper ought to turn out very humorous and cheery . 
Could just about slap the shit out of my roommate . Stop snapping your fingers to shitty R&B while you do flash cards for business finals . I'm writing finals about real stuff for real majors . 
Doctor Who , Mortal Kombat , hip hop , Pop's Pizza , doing science , < PROPFIRST > Cash , and let's not forget < PROPFEMALE>'s paper . A pretty good break from finals . <3 
How big are bed rooms in < PROPMALE > compared to East Quad ? 
Cutting marionette ties . 
< PROPFIRST > Hartman , I am now seriously considering an independent study on the SPK and groups like them ... 
Power nap , then delineating the views of < PROPFIRST > on sexual immorality . 
Just spent ten minutes trying to like trance . How does anyone listen to this ? 
Listen , in every story , someone has to be the villain . 
Say it again , seriously . The next time you do , I swear to god , I'm just going to transmogrify into one . Meow . 
\Good News\ 
How is it that I file my FAFSA with less adjusted gross income than the year before , and my EFC nearly doubles ?! WTF , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Now I'm registered for Cell & Molecular lab ! Whoever just lost their lab spot is not getting it back , so you might as well hand over your lecture seat , too . 
Traffic court stuff dismissed . Toprimate 50 mg , I hate you . Stop trying to make me a Haitian zombie . 
< PROPFIRST > Hartman , get off my Facebook . 
Pleased with my B+ in biology . Not pleased that my philosophy professor gave me an F after saying he'd give me an Incomplete so I'd have time to finish my final project in light of medical circumstances , but whatever , if we can't resolve this bad < PROPFIRST > agreeably , there are less agreeable venues for removing it . 
So , I'm confused . I'm applying to MD/PhD programs , but my PhD is going to be in neuroscience , not biological sciences ( yes , the specific programs I'm applying to allow that ) . So , do I need to do research through the biology department , the psych department , or both ? And which one more so ? 
Summer classes paid for , textbooks on their way , and dorm successfully moved out of . Now I just need to knock out these papers , get my more official medical documentation from my GP , and finish titrating stupamax to a therapeutic dose . 
You're a poor man's son and precious jewels weren't found in schools where you came from . 
I pulled out of < PROPFEMALE > Grey's driveway in reverse on dopamax and no one died . I am now an experimental psychopharmacology rockstar . 
\Look at all my boyfriends here in one place . I'm winning at evolutionary biology . \"" 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY < PROPFEMALE > Smith ! 
Sustained a hyper-extension injury to my hand that I can't even remember . What ? 
Fell asleep without drying my hair , now it's expressing its natural curly phenotype . > l 
Thanks for being there , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Too many Virgos in my life , I'm going to have to get crabby with some of you . This horse/dragon thing seems to be going well , though , in other exciting pseudoscience news . 
And I don't know why I expected any better . 
That terrible Beyonce song came on the radio right after a conversation with < PROPFIRST > . How apt . I see lots of DM and the Cure happening soon to make up for this ( the radio , that is ) . 
PAPERS ALL DAY . 
Sad I missed < PROPFIRST > Decker's apparently awesome music making . About to head into Charleston , then back to Columbia so I can make it to Doctor Who . 
I'm going through an undergraduate genetics curriculum on MIT Open Course so I can go straight to BIOL 665 ( Human Molecular Genetics ) in the spring . This might be sufficient by itself , but if anyone has any genetics texts I can borrow , or any other ideas , let me know . 
Make-up . :D Then Doctor Who ! 
Portal 2 , Bojangles , and Doctor Who . Tired now . 
Biphasically switched . 
Dropping matches . 
Summer classes start this week . 
Does Desire2Learn look better in IE , or is it really just this ironically named ? :( This is a pretty grievous example of why contract bidding and public education don't go together . 
Feeling like I'm running off source code and my assembler is about to break . : l Going to find some Advil . 
Finally finished my homework for < PROPMALE > Bullshitting ! That took forever . 
Long day . 
Music sounds like noise , unless it's sad . 
Why is traffic so backed up in Irmo ? Does anyone have any good news for today ? :/ 
It's like instead of real anatomy , I just have a heart-shaped glass full of M&Ms , and you just dropped it . Now it's broken and there's chocolate candies everywhere . Why doesn't everyone just take a piece ? 
Competent , responsible adults ! 
Debating the subcultural differences between the < PROPMALE > Bar and PT Cabaret . I think tonight is going to be okay after all . Ha .. 
< PROPFIRST > Hartman and I are now leaving for Crippling birthday extravaganza ! 
Internal turmoil , shower , and homework . One of these things sucks more than the others . 
Actual Multiple Monitors is made of awesome . 
Watching Repo ! while I do homework . 
Royksopp and RELG 102 homework . Why couldn't USC's religion department couldn't be cool like the anthropology department , and agree to waive their 100 level survey course requirement ? 
Doctor Who cliffhanger . :( 
Too many spiders , < PROPFIRST > Hartman . 
I don't want to write papers , let's just skip to brain surgery . 
Thinking of subscribing to Adobe ExportPDF , if the \optical character recognition\ " is actually any good ... " 
The ACCT department won't let me enroll in their accounting classes unless I declare a business or accounting < PROPMALE > , but I need to know basic accounting stuff to start a non-profit . Wat do ? : l 
I wish I could borrow Hermione Granger's time-turner . I have too much stuff to do . >_> 
Thinking about doing a master's program in bioethics during my gap year between undergrad and med school , instead of Peace Corp or Americorps . Hm . This would help for when I want to use my MD to serve on medical ethics boards , but I don't want MD/PhD adcoms to think I'm just collecting degrees when I apply , because I have legit reasons for wanting a PhD in neuroscience , too . D: 
A on my < PROPMALE > quiz . :) 
McDonald's has Rolo McFlurries ! :o This is amazing . 
Two teacher-student sex scandals on Fark in one day . And it's only 11:30 AM . On a Saturday . In the summer . All riiight ! 
According to MTC's Career Guide , you can now administer radiopharmaceuticals to patients without a medical degree and design houses without understanding physics ! Blackboxing has killed the four year degree . > _o 
DOCTOR WHO MID-SERIES FINALE . Who's the daddy ? 
Just watched Resident Evil IV with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . A+ for being the comic relief of the zombie apocalypse genre . 
E-mailed Dr. < PROPFIRST > to begin convincing her to let me enroll in PSYC 702 as an undergrad . Shower time is now . 
New Order > Joy Division <3 
Yahoo ! Questions is the best . 
My section of physics overlaps with my section of chemistry and I don't want to change chem professors . > _o 
Playing with leopard geckos . :] 
Registered for physics lab ! :) Heading downtown soon to get medical records and talk to a professor . 
As safe as houses . 
I couldn't find a single med school or neuroscience department on the west coast whose mission statement or philosophy I actually liked . I guess this means I get to stay on this side of the country , at least . 
Fed chickens . Now eating watermelon and swinging . :D 
Debating my survival chances in 16th century Puritanical < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > Hartman . 
Anonymous Youtube comment : \You haven't found the right girl until ? you found one that likes The Smiths . \"" 
The y chromosome inhibits the natural human ability of mind reading . Recommendation : fix immediately or discontinue from the human genome . > l This is about you , < PROPFIRST > Hartman . 
Hellraiser boots and rooftops in the rain . 
I want to buy a new gaming notebook . I think a good feature for this PC would be to prevent me from accessing the Internet while manic . I will need someone to equip it with a security mechanism that checks for relevant biomarkers . How about a retinal scanner that disables the network adapter when pupil diameter exceeds a given limit ? This should work . 
God Module in the morning . With a side of orange juice ? 
Sick . :( 
Cookies . 
Used all of my birthday money to have my hair professionally dyed back to the natural color ( dishwater blonde ) , and now I am a brunette . :( 
\Fire removes individuals from a population . \ " This has to be the best quote in my entire anthropology book . " 
Disappointed by L&O SVU for the first time ever . :( 
Why is Train using autotune ? :( Nooo . 
Watching comp sci majors empty the trash 3 times in an hour for their senior internship makes me glad I'm not majoring in a technical field at USC . 
Tacos . :D 
My dog is distracting me from homework with her cuteness . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I hit up B&BW , Regis , < PROPMALE > , and best of all , the cookie store . Then I got to test run a 1.5 carat solitaire . :D All in all , an awesome day . 
100 on my religion exam re-take . :] 
Watching some girly movie with < PROPFIRST > . 
Oh my . >_> < PROPFIRST > threw back two White Russians and three shots of vodka and is babbling about how he wants to raise my and < PROPMALE>'s babies . Let's hope alcohol dehydrogenase shows up to the party soon . 
Bad day is getting better . :o 
Another A on my second < PROPMALE > quiz . :D 
Had a good night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Finished homework with two minutes to spare , no thanks to CourseSmart . 
My phone is destroyed and I won't be able to replace it until Friday , so if anyone needs to contact me , you'll have to use FB Chat , AIM , or call < PROPFIRST > . 
I had an orange juice and < PROPFEMALE > , a malibu , a whiskey sour , a shot of < PROPFEMALE > , a shot of vodka , and a shot of whiskey in 45 minutes , and I survived . 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and Moose . <3 
I am strangely attracted to fat girls with Southern accents . I would be a terrible cardiologist . 
The video card in my MacBook might be failing . I don't really care to pay a 30% mark-up over retail value on components mass produced in < PROPFEMALE > to replace it . :( Apple , I liked you better before you became a hipster < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lilu stole my Gatorade . :( 
I didn't even get 5 minutes out of this 5 Hour Energy . D: Falling asleep ( again ) . 
It's kinda lame that USC won't count American Sign Language for their foreign language requirement . We have enough physicians fluent in Spanish already . 
A on my anthropology test . :) 
Put in my volunteer application for the fall at Palmetto Health . Now I need to decide which doctor to shadow and sweet talk my way into an RNA lab . 1/3 done , at least . 
My volunteer application has already been forwarded to the PH Baptist Personal Touch and PH Richland Volunteer people , awesome . I hope they have spots open in their neurology units . 
Finding labs to volunteer in , taking my religion midterm , and making a pizza . Replacement phone should be arriving shortly . 
105 on my religion midterm . :) 
Rocking my pajamas and making breakfast at noon . Friday is like Saturday in the summer , which almost makes up for the semester I had a three hour lab on the weekend . :] 
Build-a-Bear just offered me a job interview . Does anyone know what it's like to work there ( either first or second-hand) ? I could really use a job , but I don't have the best impression of mall employment . 
I'm a preferred applicant at Publix , whatever that means . (: 
Midterms are almost over ! 
97.67% on my < PROPMALE > midterm . :) 
Finishing my paper on the group dynamic of five player dungeons in World of Warcraft for my cultural anthropology essay . Then sleep ? 
What a terrible yet comedic dream . Lunch . :] 
I'm realizing now that it'd be really convenient if I didn't delete all my essays and research papers as soon as they've been turned in . 
I know some of you are in the Charleston area , so if anyone needs an iPod , iPad , or iPod Touch repair , you should check out Mobile Device Express . 
If anyone knows someone who is using the AIM screen name < PROPFEMALE > Voyant , would you inbox me , please ? Thanks . 
Tonight's the night ! :) Snape <3 < PROPFEMALE > forever . Who's going to see HP7 ? 
I hate how all my clothes just disappear after a matter of weeks . Where is my Gnomeregan Bombardiers tee ? Where are my USC flipflops ? I can't even properly rep my second < PROPMALE > , because I can't find my neuroscience shirt . If you find any of these things , give me a call . :( 
I hope one day I can update my Facebook activity of \Neurovirology\ " with the addendum \ " with < PROPFIRST > Yolken . \"" 
My dog learned a new word -- \walk ! \ " :] " 
Fixing my Shuttle with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Why does Raisin Bran have more sugar than Frosted Flakes ? 
\Do not put your mouth on things that don't belong to you . \"" 
Well ... the \therapy and medication\ " idea went well for all of two weeks . " 
Today will be made of Daft Punk and math homework while still wearing pajamas . 
< PROPFIRST > gets off work soon . :) 
Watching a vampire , were-wolf , and shape-shifter movie ( not Twilight ) with the Hartmans while I finish math homework . 
Pick you up in my < PROPFEMALE > ... if I had one . 
Waking up is hard to do . 
24 hour migraine . > _o 
Every < PROPMALE > day is a good day . <3 
I hate being in a battleground where everyone chases around melee and doesn't focus fire healers . 
Math with < PROPFIRST > . <3 
I HAVE AN EFC OF ZERO . It's the best day ever . 
Covered in chocolate , somehow . Paper-writing is a messy affair . 
Finished my final for < PROPMALE > 101 contrasting Christ from the Deesis mosaic with < PROPMALE > Nolde's Prophet . Now the weekend can begin . (: 
Signed up for < PROPMALE > 502 - Continental Rationalism in a moment of masochism . < PROPFIRST > , I wish you could take this class with me like we planned in May . <3 
If I can get an override into a different chem section , I won't have any Friday classes ! (: I hope the lab coordinator can help me out . 
Eskimos ! 
Facebook mobile hates me . :( 
Five police cars have driven past and none of them have stopped to help us . > l 
Thanks to my amazing boyfriend < PROPFIRST > Hartman for waking up early after a long night to make sure MTC wouldn't drop my class . <3 
Third time's a charm . 
Still alive and going out for Tropical Smoothie and retail therapy . +10 cog resil 
FAFSA finally handled stuff on their end . Now I just need USC to actually issue me a financial aid award . > _o 
I need more actual money dollars so I can succumb to my peach smoothie addiction . 
Fragbook soon , maybe . :D 
Just watched my dog pull a treat out of my cat's mouth and try to dart off with it , tail already tucked . Now she's in time out . :/ 
Late start on Monday ( 4 PM ) , and no Friday classes . :D 
I should be waiting in line at financial aid to ask why I don't have any yet , but instead I'm trying to figure out why my CarolinaCard won't let me into my overpriced parking garage . 
Financial aid ran out of need based grants and work study awards by the time they approved by dependency review , so I got pretty f'd . :( Trying to figure out how I'm going to afford cost of living , but I only have $389 a month to work with , so it's not looking good ... 
Wait-listed for work study . (: 
Royksopp and neuroscience . <3 
I am surrounded by graduate students who look like they haven't seen civilization in years . Worst of all , the one who sat next to me has cough drops . D: There has to be another class I can take . 
< PROPFEMALE > broke the TV . :( At least she's not hurt . 
Chem , signal transduction , human molecular genetics , < PROPFIRST > , and then physiological psychology . At least one good thing will happen today . (: 
Yay apartment . :) 
Boo , packing . :( 
My insurance company is being a bitch and trying to replace my MacBook with a MacBook Air , and somebody is trying to hack into my PearsonEd account ? I only woke up 30 minutes ago . :( 
One more day of nomadic unpleasantness , and tomorrow I move into my apartment . (: 
Here's the problem with losing the syllabus : class is either not taking place today or starting in five minutes with no one here , and I have no idea which it is . 
Dr. Chen just used a PacMan with vampire fangs to represent effector caspases in our Signal Transduction class . 
My new apartment is pretty awesome , except for the keys . First they gave me a bad key to the front door and a functional key to somebody else's bedroom . I traded those in and got the same door key and a bedroom key that didn't work on anything . Now I've upgraded to two working bedroom keys and no door key . 
I have an HTC Thunderbolt on Verizon and it's a POS . It only stays charged for about 2.5 hours with general use . VWZ's 4G is fast , but I have to disable it if I want to actually have my phone on for the day . On 3G , I'm lucky if it lasts more than 4.5 hours , and I still pay the 4G service fee , regardless . Is anyone on a different carrier that they're really happy with ? I'd even consider staying on VWZ if their other 4G phones don't suck , but this Thunderbolt has to go . 
The last two episodes of Doctor Who have been less than expected . :( Bed time ! (: 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > for helping me assemble my shower caddy . Calzones for lunch , then gaming through labor day . :D 
Cars are useful . 
Bad day meets strong shot of bad vodka . :/ Tomorrow should be better . 
Everybody wants to eat my groceries , but nobody wants to help replace them . :( 
Can't decide where to do National Student Exchange next year . 
I need more free time . 
The hobbit you just called fat ? He's skipping 2nd breakfast . The dwarf woman you called ugly ? She spends hours braiding her beard so you can differentiate her from a dwarf man . The Uruk-Hai you just killed ? He's been abused by Saruman . See that Gollum creature with the gangly limbs and large eyes ? For 500 years the Ring poisoned his mind . That Elf you just made fun of for crying ? She just lost her wizard friend to a Balrog . Put this as your status if you're against bullying in Middle-Earth . 
Jittery , but I want to sleep . D: 
Headed to < PROPMALE > Bar ! 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s pre-birthday night at < PROPMALE > Bar ! (: 
Just waited over an hour to get into my apartment complex . > _o 
I have a cold . D: 
< PROPFIRST > Hartman , I am now awake , and going to Krispy Kreme without you . 
FACTs terminated my payment plan during a week nothing was due , so now I just have a balance with Midlands Tech that I guess I am supposed to pay outright ...? Has anyone else had this problem with MTC ? 
$35 to replace my CarolinaCard , ouch .. 
What happened to Express having worthwhile deals ? No , I don't want 80% of some\ 
crummy white jeans . Why does Express even have four different kinds of white jeans ? Let's go back to \25% off your purchase of whatever you actually want . \"" 
Dark Asylum got a better DJ , finally . 
With < PROPFIRST > in his office . <3 
So it's Saturday night -- I need something to do . 
Starting to feel well enough to go to class again . :) This makes me happy . 
Off to Urgent Care . > _o 
Transferring back to Providence , I hope . 
Getting a CT scan to rule out appendicitis ... :( 
Got back from the hospital around 8 last night . After one make-up test and a day of bed rest , my near death experience will be concluded . :D 
