Nothing . My mind is empty . 

going to stab somebody = ] and enjoy it . 
Finally getting better . Going back to school tommrow . 
Have to get ready for stupid pictures when im sick , Pain in the ass . 
some people make me want to shoot my head off 
headache ; ( 
Desires , desires : ) Headache is raping me ! Getting off text me = ) 
Kind of down . I guess this is how its like when your trying to become self dependant rather then depnding on a guy . 
= [ school tommrow , so im out . 
Just resting , bored . Talk = ) 
tired . = [ my ass is beat . 
Just taking eachday as it comes , dont really care anymore . 
Finally home , in a crypt of sicklings . Get to see Destin after a tortechous 5 days without a phone . Got to meet the family though = ] 
Fuck my dad , going to Destins . wreck of nerves . 
Just woke up , trying to coax my body to believe so . Hopefully I can get my nose done today ayee ? = ] 
Destins show tonight = ] 
Sell outs . 
Nature amazes me : ) 
In such a comfortable mind set 
The leech of everyday routines . 
Feel like someone is clutching my brain , Really want some kind of release . 
It's a shame we have to waste our youth on schoolwork . I am crying out to be living ! 
I need to conjure up some motivation because I'm going down . 
I honestly am done with the anxieties of society . I'm alive and life is a passing stage . I will enjoy myself . 
We're concentrated on falling apart . 
I must have read a thousand faces and all these voices won't give up sickened thirst , sickened thirst glues it together 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > Marley . 
celebating 4/20 with my dog and some much needed mood lifting . 
Apperciate mother nature . We seem to forget we are apart of it and not just a spector . 
Fire deep within my soul , I dont feel the warmth just the burn . 
Mmmm , nothing like starting the day with a nice hot cup of French Vanilla coffee . Well I'm sure theres better ways , but I am feeling pretty content . 
Humans are going to be the end of this planet . Idiots < PROPFEMALE > the oil pipe offshore so now we are going to have oil washing up to the coasts of Florida . 
Going to the < PROPMALE > musuem tomorrow so physced !! 
So many concepts , so many beautiful realizations on unrealization , yet how beautiful the complex simplicty of the fragile web of life . So many overlooked peices to this masterpeice that we so blindly stare at . Break out of the normal screen that willingly blinds us and step back to soak in it all . 
In the process of planting a beautiful garden . : P 
In the pit of darkness all we have left is the hope of light . Use your mind as your one weapon . 
I believe \complete\ " is just a cruel illusion . " 
Love is its own mental illness . 
Trying to sub come to the stubborn illusions of my mind , and apperciate the love I have . Replacing hate with a much gentler veirson ; ) 
Falling asleep thinking of somewhere untouched by humans , with a beautiful shore where the < PROPFEMALE > and stars cradle the land in a magestic silver . 
Wherever you are wither its a oasis of water and trees where its always perfect out , or just in an everlasting rest , I hope my love finds its way to you and cradles you . 
Sun on my skin , let the positivity sink in . 
Pain is being alive . 
The heart beats in its cage- The Strokes 
We all lose heart occasionally 
Ever get to the point where everything seems to be burning in a wreckage and you just start laughing at it all . 
This oil spill is fucking ridiculous , As soon as in 2 days its going to affect the florida panhandle . Humans really are going to ruin this world . Lets all have a nice summer in the oil infested waters yay ! 
I want to swim away but don't know howSometimes it feels just like I'm falling in the oceanLet the waves up , take me downLet the hurricane set in motion , yeahLet the rain of what I feel right now come downLet the rain come down-blue october 
Feels comforted by the flow of life :) 
Crack these thoughts open and let the creativity or feelings leak out cuz im getting nothing 
Wake me uppppp 
Getting out there and seeing the peoples opinions 
Fuck Normality 
Gold lions gonna tell me where the light is 
Battling the dark when the sun comes up 
Ok that last post kind of sounded like some superman thing but thats not what it was intended to be at all ahahah . 
When you really open your mind up , and open your heart up you meet some really kickass people . 
I just want to find someone random , someone Ive never meet before , and just stand there with them and spill everything i'm feeling inside , 
Its a new day , After every storm inside of ourselves is a rainbow and a rising sun . I feel today will be a rising sun . 
Theres blood in the streets up to my knees . 
Cure the mindset 
How my heart aches with cordinance to my hungry arms . 
Going for a vacation on an island youd think youd have room to breathe but nope not with parent fucking control . 
In considered paradise but the only place I want to be is in your arms = [ 
Underwater life is so beautiful , it slows down time into this peaceful flow with hidden wonders of color and life , where your body just becomes that flow . Weightless and free . 
She wants to talk , but tonight it isnt their going price , In a world of lust , our bodies are eaten alive by hungry eyes . 
Home sweet home 
Lucid Dreaming . A new frontier to be explored : ) 
Feel the love generation 
You got a fast car But is it fast enough so we can fly away We gotta make a decision We leave tonight or live and die this way 
All the news does is bitch about politics , and stick its nose in peoples personal lives , why cant they actually use the publicity for a greater purpose , 
Life gets rough , Money gets tight , but Ive come to realize in life the things that really matter , and thats the people I love , and the soul inside of me . 
the runaways , Fuck Yeah . 
All I have to say at this point is that music and words have saved my sanity . 
How can people have the mindset to kill , to hurt , to devastate . Why do we have to waste this life on wars , and hate and pain . I wish people could see that love and compassion is so much more whole , and complete than empty hate . That evergrowing hunger . 
People put way to much into the exterior of things , constantly judging and making a fit out of it when really its just a big deceivement to whats on the inside . So shallow and unimportant to the bigger picture . 
Listening to some Indie , Overlooking the negative , and focusing on the positive . 
People so often become the thing they hate most , by always dwelling on it . Your thoughts define you if its a constant stream of the same idea . 
Peppermint Tea , Peace of mind . 
Going insane . 
Free the mind . 
People in Iraq and Afghanistan burn american flags every day , and one little pasture wants to burn a Koran on Semptember 11th , and < PROPFEMALE > flips shits . Good job . Its called freedom of religion and speech . 
Our chains are our demons , our freedom , the victory in our own minds . Words perceive of simplicity , but in actuality its one of the hardest struggles in life . 
Knowledge is terribly mistaken for how much shit you can cram in your head then forget . Wisdom is a whole other thing altogether . I believe the wise man would be laughing at our perception of it all . 
You are just flesh . 
Submitting and receiving positive vibes really is one of the greatest gifts in life . 
All I can say is be grateful . We overlook and undermine everything we have each day . 
I'm honestly done with the negatives of the past and ready to embrace the present . 
We all go to sleep in the same place , and in the morning hope that we're all the same . Just sit down like broke down cars in the lot waiting for repair- Brand New 
So if I'm a liar and you're a thief At least we both know where the other one sleeps , So lets end this tonight . 
Can't believe how strange it is to be anything at all 
Sousa we miss you . : ( 
Well I love you so much , but do me a favor baby don't reply . Because I can dish it out , but I cant take it . 
I'm just a wandering soul walking the bridge of words to nowhere .... 
Oh , darling darling , if you stay , my love will never change . Feel the power when our two hearts will combine . The power is yours and the power is mine . When love is born , you know , the sky must cry-slightly stoopid 
My souls flying higher than the stars tonight . 
Writters coffee house tommrow after school at 2:30 . 
I am so grateful for love and wellbeing . 
Respecting all life forms , no matter how different or simple . 
Need some freeing of the mind . 
Sweet breathe in my lungs , is all I need to remind myself life is beautiful 
Riding your bike with no hands and singing is an odd delight . 
I just want back in your head . 
If i only could be running up that hill ..... -Placebo 
I'm honestly done with the competition the constant hunger for success out of us . I'm done with the stress . i just want to spend my life surrounded by the things I love and believe in Instead of being told whats important and what I should do to live right . Is that to much to ask for with our little time we have here on earth . 
We really should love our generation and the people that surround us today because we are all cycling together through life . Why not stick together on this ride people . 
Just go outside feel the cold air on your face , inhale a deep breath and let peace flow through your body . Its going to be a fun , cold weekend . : ) I am happy . 
And the sign said anybody caught trespassing would be shot on sight So I jumped on the fence and yelled at the house , Hey ! what gives you the right To put up a fence to keep me out or to keep mother nature in If God was here , he'd tell you to your face , man you're some kinda sinner-the doors 
Maybe when we are all homeless < PROPFEMALE > will realize whatever we are doing isn't working . 
Done trying to dodge the human condition . Embrace . Thats all I can say . 
The flow isn't a bad way to go . 
The whole span of ocean between here and Thailand cannot sever my love for < PROPFEMALE > Sousa . 
When the blade of true love cuts , it cuts deep . Even deep enough for a selfish person like me to feel the sting ... 
Its a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown- T&S 
This household is such bullshit aha , I cant wait to have a place of my own with my own vibes 
diversity 
< PROPMALE > Morrison is one of the most talented poets of all time . 
An overbundance of food to make us realize how fortunate we must be , but do we really see ? Today I am grateful for love and not lust , air in my lungs , indivuduality , hardship which has made me stronger , inner beauty , happiness rather than wealth , and meaning instead of words . 
wake me up inside . 
Its so sad how many suicides there are each day . Just try to output love and positivity to everyone you encounter , because you have no idea how their life is going for them at that point . Why add onto misery ? If only they could realize how many people their existence has affected and how many it would of if it continued . Bless these lost souls = [ 
Finding that interdependence 
i've seen this room and i've walked this floor \ 
i used to live alone before i knew you \ 
i've seen your flag on the marble arch \ 
but love is not a victory march \ 
it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah \ 
\ 
hallelujah ... 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys <3 
going down down down to that burning ring of fire . 
When is everyone going to realize that we all arent so different from eachother . We all have hopes , dreams , fears , ect . We all walk this earth for this little but beautiful time we have here yet we make it so ugly . We waste our time in hate , killing and corrupting good over opinions . ( cont ) 
We could make the most out of this life but no . We all let greed power and predujuce tear us to pieces . And all the people who get into fights at school over what he said or she said . Its fucking stupid . If you were leaving this earth that very day would that be on the top of your giving a fuck list . Wheres the morals ? 
Why dont you make a purpose out of your days here instead of just wanting to leave a negative impact on others because your insecure and lost . What if you hit that person the wrong way and they died . Aha its really fun highschool shit then isnt it . This is a fucked up place , because we make it that way . Because we cant apperciate the beatuy all around us , and instead have to make conflict . 
Who cares if someones different from you , we are different to them to , who cares about all this petty labels . You can sit here and laugh like most people do when someone actually shows they care , but maybe when people start caring we could actually make earth a decent place . 
Good vibes <3 
Honestly fuck image . Everybody is puppets to a bloodsucking mainstream media . 
Life is all a mindset , 
Im sick of all this pointless bullshit , I just want to get out of here 
Intoxicated with the maddness , Im in love with my saddness-smashing pumpkins 
Honestly < PROPFEMALE > , lets stop potraying the whole fucking people who we dont even know their name image like its a good thing . 
I love holding people close to me with such beautiful minds and independent , uninfluenced takes on life . 
Its upsetting how at a young age you are subject to the insult and disrespect of elders without being able to do a thing about it . It'll make our acomplishments even sweeter though I suppose . 
Maybe instead of tearing apart everyone we see , we should admire and aperciate the variety of people in this world . 
Sometimes I feel my life can relate to Buddhas struggle with < PROPFEMALE > , and the temptations trying to stray him away from peace of mind , 
No matter which way the wind blows , Ill be okay . :) 
I cant wait to get out of this hellhole and laugh in their face when i make it somewhere just as the person I am with the people I love . 
I really want to go to space , take a vacation away from the human race . 
Going to float on maybe , would you understand ? 
Teens & their mistakes =] 
Sometimes life feels like a bad nightmare . 
I just want to make a shout out to all my close friends , you guys are my family & I would do anything for you . Idk what Id do without you . 
< PROPFEMALE > oceans can't even sever our friendship . : ) 
hit me , knock me out and let me go back to sleep , please lol 
but who am I ? A cold shoulder used to cry , you feel bad , welll so do I . 
I need < PROPFIRST > , my phone < PROPFEMALE > . Gay shit . 
Whats a bird without its wings . 
As beautiful life is , its full of pain & cruelties . Survival of the fittest . It also dosnt care about fairness but admist all the maddness ill stay true to my lifestyle and the people i love . I want to live the way id be proud to go out . 
dead eyes , dead eyes , & are you just like me ? Her eyes were as vacant as the seaaaa . 
Free falling , 
self independence is the greatest gift 
sun is shining : ) 
Next time think before you make a thoughtless rude comment , why leave a negative impact when you can leave a positive one . Time we should all stop being so ignorant . 
A new lesson everyday , : ) 
Sooo happy its spring break , im not sweating the little stuff from this point onward . 
freedom at last . 
and as spring break comes to an end the grounding begins . 
