has a strong feeling that 2010's going to be a great year . 

Muse . Baltimore . March 3rd . I'm going . Who else is in ?!? 
Dualbooting XP and Vista now since Vista sucks at games . 
Ow . Ow ow ow ow OWW . Note to self : next time you decide to play DDR for a few hours , STRETCH FIRST , IDIOT . 
Powdered donuts + beard = problems . 
Gundam 00 = Fantastic . 
Well after 8 years of her ferrying me everywhere , we finally sold the Red Fury . So long , friend ... 
is exterminating Schmoos for a Crissaegrim . 
Back to Indiana in less than a week . Excitement abound ! 
Leaving for IUP bright and early tomorrow ! 
Back at IUP and back on the internets . 
Last year's apartment was Shadow < PROPMALE > , this year it's Tartarus because of the ginormous staircase you have to climb to get up here . Jeez . In any case , give me a call if you want to stop by and visit . 
Ok .. So there's a \Tea Party\ " happening here in Indiana . On the courthouse steps . Yeeeah . " 
All hail the ' Splode < PROPMALE > . 
The Daily Show and Colbert are back with new episodes tonight . Finally , something good to watch on the 200+ channels we get . 
Yet another bruise that I have no idea how I acquired ... Weird . 
I like being 24 . It's a nice , round number . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Blahs bloo . 
The wheel of fate is turning ... 
Apparently the Commonplace Coffeehouse is opening another location right next to my apartment .. Bad . Ass . 
Hello library 3rd floor , I missed you . 
My landlord should have included a comically large shoehorn with my parking spot as part of the lease agreement . Seriously , < PROPFEMALE > parking lots for the lose . 
Is the opponent cursed ? -> Yes -> BEEEEEEES !! 
Our skycam captured footage of the accident , early reports indicate that two ICECARZ were involved . 
wants to play Settlers of Catan . 
has been banished to the library once again . 
..... 
is trying to take things one step at a time . 
Nothin's gonna keep me down . 
Looks like I'll be chilling in Indiana for most of break . Anyone else in the same boat ? 
Change of plans .. Back to Erie ' til Wednesday night . 
Back in Indiana . Had a fun couple of days back home ! 
Didn't participate in today's frenzy of consumerism , and I'm completely okay with that . 
is building an epic Stepmania rig . 
I got a full night's sleep and woke up at 8:30 today . Something is wrong here . 
is feeling much better after a brief bout with food poisoning . 
Snow :D 
Releasing Murakumo Unit ... 
Fact : Facebook is ten times more entertaining in Pirate English . 
Whew ... The Wednesday from Hell is over and done with . 
One more week ... Let's do this . 
< PROPFIRST > Lieberman exemplifies everything that is wrong with modern American politicians . Seriously , this asshole needs to go . 
One more final , then back to Erie on saturday . 
Whoops . Just spilled < PROPFEMALE > barbecue sauce all over my cognitive psych notes . Good thing I won't need them anymore after about an hour from now . 
Back home in Erie with nothing to do . Call with ideas ! 
I'd like to thank the Ravens for getting over 100 penalty yards today . Great job ! 
Making some more changes for 2011 ... Happy new year , everyone . 
Amazing that one brick can bring about the downfall of 3 other nations ... 
Leaving to go back to Indiana on Wednesday . Erie folks , give me a call if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out before then . 
Continuum Shift - Main : Lambda , Sub : Tsubaki . 
Back in Indiana after a great break . :) 
is strangely excited about classes starting again . 
\Let's look at the bright side ... Isn't it great to live in a country where a cigar-smoking dog puppet and a masturbating bear are considered ' intellectual property ? ' \ " - Conan O'Brien " 
is a work-in-progress , ever-evolving . I wouldn't have it any other way . 
If there is a hell , I hope Sigmund Freud is burning in it . =/ 
I've reached the phase of sleep deprivation where everything is 10x funnier . Overall , not a terrible thing . 
is in the midst of a knock-down , drag-out fight against Senioritis . 
Massive Attack is excellent paper-writing music . 
I think cleaning the bathtub gave me more of a workout than jogging on the treadmill . Whew . 
It just had to be < PROPFIRST > Crosby ... Damn . 
wonders how the HELL he ended up on < PROPFIRST > Dobbs's mailing list . Bizarre . 
is traveling to Baltimore tonight to see Muse and Silversun Pickups . So freakin ' excited !!! 
Muse . Incredible . Voice gone . Sleep deprived . Awesome trip . 
Erie , we meet again . 
The weather today was nice enough that I could pop open the sunroof . As Tallahassee would say , you've gotta enjoy the little things . 
< PROPMALE > Edgeworth = personal hero . 
Kinda sad to see the snow go , but at least I can start running outside again ! 
Freakin ' beautiful outside . Playing some tennis with < PROPFEMALE > Man ! 
Southern Tier makes coffee-flavored beer . What ?!? 
Baa . 
is actually pretty proud of himself lately . 
PSN ID : Demif1end . Add me , folks ! 
We grow further and further apart from one another , even as we become more and more connected . The paradox of the digital < PROPFEMALE > . 
Life is good . :) 
Contrary to popular belief , I am indeed diurnal . 
Didn't fall out of the raft . :) 
is slightly medium-rare , but had a great time whitewater rafting and hiking in WV ! 
Burning the midnight oil at the library ... 
< PROPFEMALE > taste of moonshine , teardrop in my eye . 
At the Goo Goo Dolls concert in Erie . \God it's good to be alive . \"" 
is 99% sure that Krispy Kreme injects crack into its cream-filled doughnuts . 
Two weeks to go until I'm done with IUP ... Whoa . 
Great job Habs , but now that you're taking on the Pens , I'm done cheering for you . Sorry ! 
made the mistake of forgetting how completely badass and fun Der Langrisser is . 
Alright , finals week .. Bring it on . 
Dominated his Biopsych and Industrial/Org Psych finals .. :) Now to get this stupid paper written ... 
just finished his last final , and is officially done with IUP ! 
is moving to his new place in Erie today . I'd like to thank everyone who helped make my past several years at IUP a memorable , worthwhile experience . I'll miss Indiana , but above all , I'll miss the great people . Stay in touch , kids . 
Is wandering around Wegmans with a slack-jawed expression . 
my errant roommate < PROPFEMALE > Mueller comes back from vacation tonight ! Good times . 
feels so naked without his beard ... 
is a house . 
needs a waterfall . 
Wow . Waiting for Mass Effect 3 is going to be excruciating . 
\What do we want ? UNFAIR ! When do we want it ? CHANGE ! \"" 
Congrats , Chicago ! 4-3 in OT ! 
Find one last flaw , keep it safe and free from harm . 
is extraordinarily excited about the coming weekend . 
And now we resume our coverage of the 2010 World Cu-BWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
The DDR machine at Family First is still broken . How depressing . =| 
\Drive 96 < PROPMALE > on I-79 South . \ " Groan . " 
To the douchebag with the California plate who passed me doing about 90mph : thank you for getting pulled over about 2 < PROPMALE > farther down the interstate , I don't think I've laughed that hard in a long time . 
After half an hour of frustration , I've finally mastered the windsor knot . But I still hate neckties . 
< PROPFEMALE > Kovalchick just icecar'd me so hard , my Xbox froze and I got kicked off Live . True story . 
finally landed a job !! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > does not disappoint ! 
will be playing videographer at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding today . All the best to you two ! 
Well I messed up my back somehow , but at least I have Continuum Shift to tide me over . :) 
Back from Ocean City , and I start training for the new job tomorrow . 
RAMDA WEEN ! 
Still getting used to this whole \functioning during the day\ " thing . Bedtime . " 
It's godawful o'clock and I have to go to work . Tuesdays are now officially my least favorite day of the week . 
Someone just ragequit on me in a BBCS player match ...... Really ?? Come on . 
Day ... off ? Does not compute ! 
Biking through Oil Creek State Park today , 20mi roundtrip . 
\I don't want no < PROPMALE > Barker ! \ " - Great moments at Abraxas . " 
Gawd I feel awful . I hope it's just a 24-hour bug . 
Now that I'm finally over this illness , I realize that I haven't had a good night's sleep since tuesday .. And I have to work an 11-7 night shift . This should be interesting . 
Turns out I spoke too soon last night . Still sick . This is seriously the worst thing that's happened to me all year . 
The bad news : I have pneumonia now . The good news : I should be something approaching \better\ " and back to work by monday . " 
is feeling much better now . :) 
Not a great day at work , for various reasons ... 
In 3 hours I'll be a quarter of a century old . Weird ! 
My birthday consisted of : taking my car home to be repaired , buying a desk organizer , and spending 8 hours with juvenile delinquents . Guess I'll just celebrate tomorrow ... Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
has a lot on his mindgrapes right now . And is craving queso . 
Completely exhausted . NERRRRR ! 
Argh . I get stuck at work every time there's a Pens game , it seems . One of these days I'll actually get to watch one ... 
< PROPMALE > Collins . 
Let's go Pens !! 
starts his new work schedule today . Kinda weird to start the work week on Sunday ... 
Watch out cupid , money is a sick muse , pull your little arrows out and let me live my life . 
Today ... Was an interesting day . Wow . 
needs to have some fun this weekend . I've been working too hard . 
Just bought a washer and dryer for the apartment .. It's like I'm a bona fide adult now , or something . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesn't get nearly enough credit . Dude is good money . 
Sigh . 
An extra hour tonight ... Gee , I could get extra sleep , do progress notes , play vidja games .. The possibilities are endless ! Rock on , Daylight Savings Time . 
is having an extremely productive day . Sundays in the office kick ass . 
be starvin ' like a poor fiend up in here . 
I'm waaaay more impulsive than I previously believed ... Might as well embrace it ! 
Off to court with one of my clients ... Cross your fingers that I don't stammer like an idiot if the judge asks me a question . 
Playing Baldur's Gate . THAC0 is wacko . Holler ! 
Watching football and making hand-turkeys with the clients ... Best day at work ever ? I think so . 
Snooooowww ! :) 
Welp , I neglected to remove a couple of pens from my pants pocket and then laundered said pants . Ruined a perfectly good load of clothes and now the inside of my dryer looks like I murdered a Smurf there . I know what I'm doing for the rest of the night ... :/ 
Come on , people . You live in ERIE . Learn to drive in the damn snow , some of us have to be at work this morning . 
Just haven't been myself lately ... 
Recommend me a song , any song you think I'd enjoy . I could use some new music in my collection . 
Age and Maturity are NOT positively correlated . In fact , as I go through life I'm more and more convinced that no relationship exists at all . 
I wish someone would have warned me that the 2010 Parade of Idiot Drivers was happening in Erie today . 
SCM ( Restraints ) re-cert today ... Fun fun . 
14-Hour workday , wooooooo ! 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 11\ 
INT : 17\ 
WIS : 16\ 
DEX : 15\ 
CON : 13\ 
CHR : 14\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
The route from Erie to Abraxas I in Marienville goes something like this : Erie -> Union City -> Titusville -> Tionesta -> Huge swaths of BFE -> Marienville . 
You know what this is ?? It's called hospitality , and you can't piss on hospitality !! 
Wow , what a second half ... Congrats , Green Bay . 
Almost 4:30 AM and I'm still at the office filing stuff in charts for this coming audit , and my hands won't stop shaking . I don't think this is a good thing . 
Neeerrrrrr . 
feels relaxed for the first time in weeks . Aaahhhh . 
In my place , in my place ... Were lines that I couldn't change . I was lost , oh yeah . 
Starting today , the world sees a whole new side of me . 
Court tomorrow in Philly with a client ... Gonna break out the lucky tie for this one . : X 
You picked a fight with a warlock . 
Dried Cranberries : great snack food or GREATEST snack food ? 
Wow ... That is all . 
Der Dersh . 
Dear Facebook : if you message me on chat and I don't reply , please don't be offended . Half ( or more ) of the time I'm using the FB app on my phone and the messages simply don't pop up . Apologies . :/ 
Bust a move . 
Went snowboarding for the first time today . Thankfully , < PROPMALE > Ginn Reininger is an excellent teacher . Too bad the season is basically over . :/ 
Needs a new profile pic liek whoa . 
Why hello there , spring . Nice of you to stop by . 
\If we learn how to play tennis ... We could play tennis !! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
One week ' til vacation ... 
is in the midst of an existential crisis . 
Taking tennis lessons starting today . If my time actually playing the game is greater than chasing down errant tennis balls , I will have considered this whole endeavor a success . 
So a client told me tonight that I was \looking dougie\ " and asked if I had a hot date after work . This is my life . " 
Just touched down at ATL and is officially on vacation . 
Somehow I still get 3G reception way up in the Appalachians . Well done , Verizon . 
So today I hiked part of the Appalachian Trail to the peak of Blood Mountain . Winning ! How was everyone else's day ? 
Back in Erie . Had an excellent time in Atlanta , it was exactly what I needed ! 
Pens .. You lost this series not because of an abundance of skill on the opposing team , but because your offensive prowess was flaccid at best during the latter half of this series . I expect you to bring it next year . 
Today's experiment : practicing tennis in the basement . Didn't work out so well , after we smashed the circuit breaker a few times we decided it'd be best to stop ... 
