is trying to go on Facebook more often , for my work buddies 

Can't believe I'm checking facebook this often now 
gahhhhh , facebook ! 
wants a burrito :) 
can't breathe from the congestion of being sick ... have to breathe through my mouth :( 
got treated to a chile relleno burrito today and it was AWESOME :) 
“Trying is having the intention to fail . You got to scrap that word from your vocab . Say you’re gonna do it . And you will . ”\ 
-I Love You , Man ( 2009)\ 
\ 
New Year's resolutions anyone ? 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to me ... ef this ! I was supposed to have a fun night ... see a movie , grab dinner to go , enjoy the time ... :-( 
is hopeful ... ? 
is becoming a fan , just cuz i can ... lol , that rhymed ! 
knows everything is going to be okay ! 
is excited for tomorrow's macarena/cha cha slide/ymca club with the kids ! It's gonna be amazing and SOOOOO much fun ! 
is on Spring Break from work ! I love my kids and all , but so excited to have a week to myself ! Yay ! 
Why is it that we get less and less cute as we grow older ? I was looking at some old pictures of myself and friends and it seems like we had natural beauty that just radiated and now has somehow disappeared and we don't radiate and glow as much anymore . 
needs coffee .... NOW ! 
is thinking of auditioning for Glee ! Haha , let's see how long it takes for me to chicken out of this idea ! 
Despite our girls movie night being cancelled , I still did a movie with another friend ! Grabbed some munchies from my car and watched \The Eye\ " with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Overall the best part of my day ! :) " 
really hates the feeling when you're mad at someone , but they don't know you're mad at them . It's such an awful feeling :( 
first REAL day of work tomorrow ! I get to see my kids ! 23 amazing second graders ! :) 
is striving to be an annoying teenager by blasting my music , at least for the last few days i have left of being a teenager ! :) 
Oi-vay ! 
is excited for a new day ! My kids don't have homework this week and my partner is our specialist this week , so we've been having lots of free time and dance party time ! Love it ! :) 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . It was a pretty great day ! :) 
Thank you for all the birthady wishes , everyone . Overall it was a great day :) 
is discovering that a great amount of our high school classmates are pretty much shallow A-holes that judge people on things they have no idea about and most of them aren't even worth my time anymore . I'm done with all your high school drama ... you know who you are , so goodbye ! 
Four < PROPFEMALE > paper due in exactly 23 hours ... I have my cover < PROPFEMALE > and the first paragraph done . Now looking to the internet for inspiration . 
is so stoooooooked for Safari West with my kids tomorrow ! :) 
Please suppport me in the Human Race to raise money to buy book for 1,500 kids this summer ! Please help me raise my personal goal of $750 . Even one dollar makes a huge difference ! And thank you to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for donating ! http://humanrace.kintera.org/frias 
Gahhhh ! :-P 
is drowning in mounds of clothing . I think I need a big walk in closet . 
Crossing my fingers that I get the job . I would be making double what I do now and working 20 hours instead of 35ish hours that I do now ! :) 
Time to hit the batting cages 
is just hours away from happiness :) 
is taking at least 5 pies to the face tomorrow ... If not more :-O 
getting pied in the face by at least 5 kids today ... my oh my ! :-O 
loves her job but hates being unemployed during summer :-( 
Lol , quote of the week : My hands are like an old man's hands . - < PROPMALE > 
48 hours of madness and 4 emotional breakdowns later . I can't believe it's over ... :-( 
Cry it all out today , cuz tomorrow there'll be no more crying on my watch 
had a pretty amazing day today . Glad to have such fun people in my life :) 
Of course I have to do the psalm tomorrow and of course I didn't practice it and of course I don't have the new book ( cuz I was gone all month ) and of course I figured it out ... and finally , of course it has to be the hardest psalm in the history of psalms . Oh butt munch !!!! :-/ 
is downloading Glee music ! :) 
thinks it may be hotter inside the house than outside . Can't wait to get back to the pool and cool off :) 
I'M WALKIN ON SUNSHINE ... AND DON'T IT FEEL GOOD :) 
saw Eclipse and accidently fell asleep for an hour after turning off the alarm clock ... woke up 20 < PROPFEMALE > ago , now heading off to work , blech ! :-/ 
CLEANING :) 
made a record of most time ever spent on FB today . Usually it's 5 minutes a day 3-4 days a week . Today I spent more than an hour just browsing through friends , browsing photos , and catching up on others ' memories and life events . It was quite interesting and shows how much I really don't keep in touch anymore . Anyway , I love you and miss you all&hearts ; .... and I will try not to be such a school/workaholic anymore :) 
& hearts ;s < PROPFIRST > the Party Animal :) 
Mother dearest , i love ur hybrid car ... Carpool < PROPFIRST > all the way !! 
It's looking a little gloomy for the fair today :( 
Regardless of what people say , it's my #1 worst haircut ever ... avoiding public places at all costs :( 
Dear headache , you're hurting me , please go away !! :( 
can't make a graph without a clicky pen ... thanks , Torre !!! 
Let justice roll down like thunder , but please God , dont strike me with a lightning bolt just yet 
Just 25 days until Rock Of Ages ... Who's down ? 
< PROPMALE > and some homemade < PROPMALE > n cheese ! This is heaven ! :) 
What the heeezy !!! Netflix sent me < PROPMALE > season 4 disc 4 before disk 3 .... Whaaaaa ????? 
Schuster hit the nail right on the head today on exactly how i'm feeling 
Just treated the whole family to dinner for the first time ever and felt really good to have my own money and be able to pay for everyone :) 
Hmmm , it's been a tough week , what with this ear ache , blurred communication at work and tables turning on the homefront ;\ 
BUT overall , making cookies with the kids , carving ( not-so-epic-as-other-times)pumpkins , laughing it up , and hanging out at karaoke , made this week pretty A-Okay ! :) 
is still hurting A LOT , but quite calm . Moving on , making a new tranformation for new things to come , and hopefully changing enough to fix some old things ... just looking to the future now :) 
I lost the game ! Muhahahaha :) 
Can't really do much except laugh . I was worried that something had happened that really didn't happen ... It's silly really ! .... NOW , to fix that other thing . Hmmm , not happy about it but gotta make sure it NEVER happens again :-/ 
Good morning and goodbye facebook ! I'm out of town for 2 days and hopefully this will serve as a much needed break from the drama that is RP . 
Great day , but a little frustarting at the end . I feel like i'm all over the place right now and just overwhelmed with all these turns of events and changes going on . I have to slow down !!! 
I'm walking on sunshine :) 
Watchin Glee on the new laptop and sippin mango juice . I'm in heaven :) 
Hooray for iPhone ! I waited forever to get mine and now I feel so overwhelmed by it and all the awesome things it does :) 
Went hiking and rock climbing yesterday and now sore all over , but feeling great and had a ton of fun rock climbing for the first time and making small accomplishments of my own :) 
What's on your mind ? Good question ... I have a million and one answers to that . 
Excited to get 20 hours of work during the winter break :) 
Just got home from a 90-min yoga session at Bikram Yoga in Petaluma .... That was pretty intense cuz they heated the room so you're guaranteed to be dripping in sweat . Good workout though . 
is being paranoid ... how silly :-/ 
is trying to keep busy with all this extra free time 
just finished writing half of a rap , that is soon to be finished . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for having faith in my abilities and advising me to just let things roll and be myself and thank you to someone else ( you know who you are ) for being the inspiration and subject of my rap . 
My Mom made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Saw me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ... and , drove me a little crazy at times ..... But A Mom is a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom whom you love ...! 
iPhone 3GS at $49 now . If I had known , I definitely would have waited , though iPhone 4 is pretty awesome :) 
Pineapple 
Shoes !!! :D 
I'll risk the fall just to know how it feels to fly :) 
Spring break has officially started ! Can I get a whoop whoop!!!' 
Filed my taxes on Friday and getting a really good tax return thanks to my dad letting me file as an independent , even tho I'm not . Spent the whole weekend relaxing with the family and watching < PROPMALE > Potter with my brother getting caught up on movies 4-6 
Free pool at Buffalo Billiards for SRJC and SSU students tonight at 7 ... Meet us there if ur down :) 
Hoping that Sunday drags on a bit , not quite ready to go back to the waking up at 530 routine :( 
Yay for tax returns !! Just got my fatty check in the mail today . You still have 26 days , people . 
What is it with parents and putting their kids on leashes ? Lol 
