Going up to Schweitzer tomorrow to negotiate a wedding contract ! Does anyone have experience or advice to share on coordinating events at Schweitzer ? 

Has returned from Oklahoma where the wind comes sweepin down the plain to Spokane where it seems even the wind is frozen . It is supposed to get up to 25 for the weekend ! 
Is a bit mystified as to how I used over 1000 cell minutes last month !? I am going on cell phone diet so if you want to chat use email or IM .... or send me some cash to help pay my phone < PROPMALE > ;-) 
<3 New Skiis ! <3 
<3 First camping trip of the year ! <3 
Yesterday I bought Brutus a < PROPFEMALE > harness and leash . Today he got to go outside and he did SO well ! I am a very proud < PROPFEMALE > mama . 
Survived an amazing but rainfilled weekend at Glacier National Park . No grizzly sightings ... only rumors , poop & tracks . 
Thinks swedish fish probably go better with white wine than red . 
Looking for whitewater raft rental ( or borrow ) in or around Spokane this weekend ... suggestions ? 
Have raft will travel ! 
The touch screen on my phone quit working , so if you are trying to text me I cannot get to my messages . 
Switched to Verizon and lost all the contacts in my old phone ): I still have the same phone number . Message me your < PROPFIRST > ..... 
Went to Priest Lake last weekend . Saw a moose ( twice ) , a coyote , & a couple deer ( < PROPFEMALE > with spots too ) on the way in but almost 0 wildlife while we were at the lake ( this includes fish ) . We did see a beautiful blue heron and a saint bernard .... of course it was amazing regardless of the absence of fauna <3 
Awww ! Thanks for the b-day wishes everyone <3 I had a fabulous evening being wined and dined ;-) 
My mom is taking off to climb Mount Rainier , my brother is in the mountains of Nepal , my sister and niece are on an epic road trip through the Southwest .... how did I get stuck scrubbing toilets ?! 
New helmet , new jacket , new skis .... bring on the snow ! 
Electron Dynamite tonight ( 6ishPM ) at The Seaside ( 230 W Riverside ) . Their FB < PROPFEMALE > says something about dancey synthetic pop and heavy new wave electronica ... blah , blah , blah . Really all you need to know is that they are like a cross between The Beatles and < PROPFEMALE > Spears . 
First snow in the mountains :) 
VOTE !!! \ 
Don't let us loose < PROPMALE > ! She was right about the war in Iraq , supports our troops , is a huge advocate for early childhood education and education in general . Perfect ? No , but definitely the better choice . \ 
Rossi IS big business and has been accused of crooked practices numerous times . We have voted against him several times ... times have changed but Rossi is the same crooked politician he always has been 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Why don't cat food manufacturers come up with more logical flavors like squirrel or sparrow ? 
I had forgotten how much I enjoy the eccentric , intoxicated , and just plain crazy people on < PROPMALE > Metro's #49 ; they make everyday life so much more interesting ! 
I wonder how many people wish they could change they way they voted this November now that we have seen how the lack of tax revenues have affected the governor's budget . Gregoire seemed close to tears when she presented the budget this week . 
