I just bought Auto Insurance ... 

Great food , great beer , great company a good forth of July does make ... 
Everybody's working for the weekend ... 
Its a < PROPFEMALE > Sunday ... 
Today , I wore the wrong sandles into the shower and now my good sandles are soaked . Awesome ... Off to work . 
I cannot wait until we have a < PROPFEMALE > colony and I am stationed there . I'll make the < PROPFEMALE > beer .... 
I'm going to kill the doggy beer can ..... 
unfortunately there were no photos taken of the time spent working on the house to share with everyone , but if one were to look at the house you could probably see the changes that were made and then maybe understand the time , effort , and love put into the projects . 
Life is short and hard like a body building elf Lift your head up high and blow your brains out ... 
just playing yo 
So sad to see the Phizzy go ... 
Finally got someone else into brewing to the point that they made their first batch tonight ! 
GUESS WHO HAS ACCESS TO GOOGLE WAVE !!!! 
BAck in the Big O !!!!!! 
Back in the Big O ... With the milk and cereal ! 
when you cross the street make sure that there is enough room for the oncoming car to stop you jackasses !!! 
no one was hurt except the egg that fell from my front seat and was crushed by the milk I had just bought from the store . 
Turkey is in the brine for overnight , gonna have the best bbq/smoked turkey ever ! 
boys club ... 
tires ... who needs them .... 
new tires on the civic ! 
lazy sunday ... 
another day of the grind ... wish us luck again , hopefully its a real Tuesday and we can get caught up on some of our backed up work 
Last day of work for the holiday weekend ! 
schleep ... waking early to have b-fast in Potown , then back to Orono at some point tomorrow . 
i want it to just be Thursday at 4 ... 
happy new year 
I need to brew ... 
< PROPFIRST > ... 
Gonna go brew my English Pale Ale now . 6 oz of Willamette total in the kettle ! 
work work ... 
sipping a Rogue Dead Guy Ale .... 
not workin ... 
mayne today we will drink out of the keg ... just because we can ... It is almost ready ! 
Keg will flow for the USA CANADA Gold Medal Game !!!!! 
I need to get the internets working in the apartment ... No internet is killing me . 
pirogies = yumms 
everybody is working for the weekend ... 
hanging out with the family and the lady at home for the weekend ... 
quiet night off to bed . tomorrow grabbing stuff for a early next week brew . Hooray < PROPMALE > and 82% eff . with the new barley crusher !!! Working on those hops bro ... 
my phone died figures i left my charger home again ... almost done here in gray < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are both sleeping after our walk in the woods . Coming home soonish . Than listening to BN for some great info on starting my own nano brewery ( i just hope this helps me get a job a regular brewery ) . 
ESB from kennebec homebrew store is boiling right now . I really hope it comes out well . Didn't really feel Zeth who was the manager there . 
At BCB ... Having a great time I love and am proud if my boys 
Red Sox baby ... Yeah !! 
Worked this morning . Then lunch w/ < PROPFEMALE>'s parents at City Park Grill . Tonight NRA banquet . Should be a good time ! 
Happy soggy Maine Day everyone 
Welcome to The Machine ... 
Well a great day in acadia not wasted ... Cadillac thunder hole sand beach bubble pond lunch in dt barharbor ... Atlantic brewing was closed however ... Good day 
< PROPMALE > to < PROPFIRST > ... Go change your tampon girly boy ... < PROPFEMALE > oh I have one if you need it ! 
Laundry ... 
Less than one day before I see my baby 
“Who cares how time advances ? I am drinking ale today . \- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe " 
At the Brew with work family and < PROPFEMALE > ... Happy birthday baby ... almost . 
Come on sox .... 
a win for the Sox and a decent brew day ... few things could make it better ... now for bed 
Hanging out with Maxi at < PROPFIRST>'s for the night ( puppy sitting ) watchingthe game . 
That is quite the rain cloud that is looming overhead ... 
Kegging the watermelon wheat for this weekend ... 
Oh no !! Out of CO2 !!! Gotta fill it tomorrow so I can get the watermelon carded for memorial day 
\working on a carbuerated Honda is like trying to make beer taste like marshmellow and unicorn shit ... You know what I mean ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
Brew with friends so glad to have em around me ... Thanks guys 
Happy Memorial Day ! Had agreat weekend with many loved ones . I hope all of yours are just as great ! On another note the watermelon wheat went over well w/ fam . 
< PROPFEMALE > day in Orono spent at work ... ughh 
Done finally 
Finally done at work ... possibly listening to @Brewing Network tonight 
Work work ... 
Work is done now for Monday night ... 
Well one more day of work then a fun filled week including seeing < PROPFEMALE > , rents and @ACBF 
VACATION !!! Looking forward to an awesome week off ... Gray with < PROPFEMALE > ACBF on Saturday in Boston then to visit the rents for fathers day . 
Busy day today I rode a horse and took a nap and a shower ... who knkws what the night will hold 
Rainy day on vacation ... could be worse it could be < PROPFEMALE > and I could be at work . 2 days to ACBF 
With < PROPFIRST > his car may explode ... 
Tomorrow is the big day for < PROPMALE > and I ACBF It's going to be a great time ! For today hanging out with fudgey at the barn w/Rae 
Off to Boston !!! Here we come ACBF . < PROPFEMALE > in the cockpit 
At ACBF its starting to heat up here looking forward to a great time ! 
Hanging out in the sketchy motel with < PROPMALE > and my baby < PROPFEMALE > . ACBF was awesome ! Can't wait to bring her next year ! 
The morning after ACBF . Still amazed by how cool it was . 
Freedom Trail ... why not were here and its free ! Beautiful day here in Boston . 
Wishing my baby was here but hey tomorrow is great too . Tasty Crack Cans ... 
poolside with me baby and my family . An amazing day !!! 
Last day with my girl . The family is off to the coast and I'm heading back home . This has been a hell of a vacation . Thanks to everyone ! 
Home again home again ... feels good to be here . But I already miss the family and friends . Back to work tomorrow . It was a great vacation ! 
Off to my work function I almost forgot about it until this morning ... I guess I have to do a rap of sorts at it ... that should be interesting 
What to do tonight ? Anyone around Orono looking to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Damnit the NLC is out of Belgian yeast strains looks like a bavarian hefeweizen it is . Brewing ... wish me luck 
I hate you mr blue aluminum can maker man ... here's to you * middle finger * ... 
Another rainy morning ... 
Work work ... something need doing ? 
Looking forward to the weekend ... now if only I ccould skip over all of work tomorrow 
Wow what a day at work ... that was a crazy day all together . Well its over now and get a visit from the beautiful one tonight and the weekend ! 
A walk in the bog of Orono ... just me and my baby ! Should be fun see all kinds of cool endangered fauna . Then dinner and TKE for a little fun ! 
A badass 4th of july weekend so far ... hanging with loved ones chilling at the house 
Going to the fireworks in bangor ... after 8 years it seems like I should see if they are as good as L/As fireworks ... fun night with loved ones 
Rain rain bring the stupid humidity away ! NLC.is out of base malt until next week stupid canadian taking all my malt ... 
Ok I'm bored now amd you should be here 
nice rainy day out good for watching movies ... too bad I couldn't ne brewing ... Stupid Canadian 
Screw it gray is a great idea 
Great visit . .. good luck nbf girls too bad I have to go to work 
Back to work ... back to work ... I should make a song about it ... id call it \back to work \"" 
Drinking a Unibroue Maudite , first impression is wow ! Where are they hiding the alcohol in there ? This tastes/smells like a 5% beer awesome ! 
drinking a Shipyard Fuggles IPA at Dewys in Portland ... with my baby ! 
Haircut and beard trim ! Work is calming down a little Oxxfest with my baby this weekend ! this week is shaping up to be much better than last ! 
Crawling down rt 1 towards oxxfest 
Finally the weekend what a work week that was . Time to kick back and enjoy the breeze on this finally cooling off evening ! 
Strikewater heating up ... simple SMASH all pale malt and all chinook IPA . Should be a keeper ! 
relaxing at home with < PROPFEMALE > and papa biz 
I want it to be the weekend again ... 
Powers out at TKE ... however brewing doesn't need power just propane ... BREW ON MY BROTHERS !! 
Brewing second time this week ! Jamil's Nutcastle recipe . Crushed with < PROPMALE>'s mill . This should be a good time 
Tux sizing ... fun stuff 
Bubba the BN Army dog ... brewingnetwork 
Little < PROPFEMALE > without a name ... so far what will we call you ? 
Work on a Saturday ? I thought I got a job at the bank so I'd have weekends free ? 
gonna watch the sox kill the yanks while my baby and my < PROPFEMALE > sleep .. 
only 2 more days of work left then party in Old Port for Charlies Bachelor Party !!! 
I'm officially on VACATION !!!! 
Now leaving Orono . Next stop ... picking up Philipodante . Then portland get prepaired you have never seen the likes of us before ... 
< PROPFIRST > doesn't know ... don't tell < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > doesn't know 
Go karting was amazing now to the old port ... charlies bach party is now in full force 
First stop ... $3 deweys 
I found dj verbadum ... at the < PROPFEMALE > ... stop #2 
#3 is OPT 
Obvious next stop was the purple catepillar 
Well the night ended with a crazy cabby trying to tell us he wouldn't hjave a problem killing us if he had to ... 
But he couldn't and he dropped us off at dennys ( 20 feet from our room luckily ) and everyone is now passed out . 
Wish I could be in bed with a special person . < PROPFIRST > is now ready to get married . Thanks to all those who could make it out for him ! 
Best man and last man awake saying much love to you all for following along with our adventure 
I will say that keeping a log of the places we went and the things we did would have been easier if i wasn't so worried about my phone dying ... I could have posted pictures of the shenanigans as well . oh well fun was had by all regardless of how it was documented 
Going to < PROPMALE > pythons spamalot with < PROPFEMALE > :) so excited ! 
Smackfest for free !! Downtown bangor waterfront working at the golddigger ... Come on down 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I had a wonderful time and the only was it could have been better would been having more of you people around to < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
Relaxing for my final day of vacation . Tomorrow work for a half day then to Portland until Thursday for work training . 
Guess who's driving a charger for the week ... that's right me baby ! 
lazy halloween saturday so far ... Tonight should be a decent night with some wine and friends and wine . Lets hope next week brings some happy news !!! 
Making a chocolate portrt for my baby based on jamils recipe for brown < PROPMALE > adding chocolate at kegging . 
Hi mom 
Well My room in TKE is pretty sweet , well why wouldn't it be its mine . Some more stuff to move and also have to get my storage space ( old room ) reorganized . It will be a busy morning but for now to celebrate with a few spirits ... 
To pick up Fester from the hospital ... hopefully . 
Happy thanksgiving I hope everyone gets to see loved ones or at least gets to eat a shit ton of food in celebration of a day off from work ! 
Mash started on Jamil's Cream Ale ... thanks to the guys down at @farmhousebangor 
Homebrewed oatmeal stout ... it'll pick up when they realize what they're missing out on 
Mashing and am . Ipa while kegging my cream ale life is good ... 
cleaning my room 
What a day it has been ... up nice and early 430 to stoke the wood stoves then at 7 to go up to the barn to take care of the horses . Then lunch and a quick siesta followed by feeding the horses again . oh and did I mention all the damn snow ! 
TRON !! With my baby 
Bones ... after dinner bones . Be kind please rewind 
First tatoo pics to come later when I get the bandage off 
@farmhousebangor congrats ! Now I'm really going to be poor ... 
“Who cares how time advances ? I am drinking ale today . \\ 
Snow day out of work early !! 
brewing up my Special Bitter from Jamil's recipe . Reusing the WLP002 from the ordinary Bitter brewed a few weks back . Exciting !!! 
Change your profile picture to a photo of your pet , or any other animal . The idea is to not have any humans pictures on Facebook until February 28 to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse . If you are also against animal abuse , copy and paste this message on your wall . 
I'm about to watch burlesque ... my manhood is safe right 
2 more days then vacation ... heres goes one of them . 
Vacation ... beans and beer ? perhaps yes I think ... 
