I moved to < PROPFEMALE > , Murrell's transfering to Alaska , < PROPFIRST > is leaving to the < PROPFIRST > Islands , < PROPMALE > is being sent to Iraq ; all within a few months . God bless the Sippy boy's as we span across the earth . 

Home from work after a fourteen hour day getting equipment ready to go to Haiti . 
Remember text Haiti to 90999 to donate ten dollars to red cross . Will be added to next phone < PROPMALE > . What an easy way to donate . 
I volunteered to go to Haiti but probaly won't go because I am waiting for my surgery . I wish I there was nothing holding me here . I would really like to go help . 
Remember to text Haiti to 90999 to donate ten dollars to Red Cross 
Conservative Supreme Court just ruled that corporations can donate unlimited amounts of money in all political races . Everybody has been fortelling of the demise of goverment caused by secular progressives ( fear tactics ) but now thes crazy cronies on the bench just turned our Democracy into a Corpocracy . 
currently watching State of the Union ! I hope you are too ! 
I am glad Pres . Obama criticized the Republicans for being a hindrance of progress and reminding the that the recession was not his fault . I am looking forward to see what Pres . has to say to the Dems tomorrow , they can use a bit of chastisement as well . GO OBAMA !! 
I am tired of hearing people think the economy to be fixed overnight . It took ten years to lead into the fall and will take at least three to five years to recover . There has been obvious improvement and could have been much worse . 
Another big snowstorm . El Nino rocks !! 
Alright so the healthcare reform has passed so let me clear something up that has been confused by a lot of people . The government can not fine you . They collect taxes from you . This so called penalty for not having insurance is actually not being able to claim a tax credit that has been created for those who do have insurance . So in the end you are not being fined or charged for not having insurance 
Recieved a 100 percent on my HAZMAT inspection . Best in the battalion . Now I just need to get certified . And my boss says if I ace the annual inspection from the materials center I will be put in for a reward . 
Is anybody really suprised about the violence and the threats coming from the Tea Party Movement . I'm not . Maybe they should fly a plane into Congress to make there point . These people scare me . 
I will pray for the Las Vegas Mormons that they can understand that there actions are completely opposite of our gospels teachings . My fears have come true and maybe my hopes will too if this is adressed in Conference . 
What wonderful sessions today . Preisthood session was exceedingly great . I feel refreshed and ready to charge forward . Can't wait til tomorrow ! 
Beautiful day in my neck of the woods . Over ninety degrees and it felt great !! 
has never seen so much pollen . It has covered everything in a fine yellow sheet including all the vehicles . It is a waste of time or money to clean your car because in less than half a day it is covered again . 
is curious . Out of these three which are you willing to sacrafice first . Undo Bush tax cuts , reduce defense spending , increase retirement age . 
The average American paid 4.38% in taxes this year . Just to let you know for those who like to complain about taxes . 
I am officially enrolled into school !! I start on the 26th . And the doctor gave me some drugs to help out . Look out now , here I come . 
just spent all day at Busch Gardens ! My feet are killing me . I am completely worn out . 
needs to schedule eye surgery . Remind me later :] 
is currently moving into a new barracks . Much nicer then the old one . I get my own room with a huge closet and it has a full kitchen . Yeah , baby !!!! 
forgot I might need a functioning brain for school , it has been idle for so long . Still working out the cobwebs and < PROPMALE > gears . Got to tinker with my thinker . 
Thank you everybody for all the birthday wishes . Thanks Momma for the Make a Cake in the Box and my favorite snack , TRAIL MIX !!! Thank you Disney for the free Blu-ray movie . The birthday was good , everybody here says I do not look thirty . It must be my youthful heart . I am going to buy a new suit for my birthday , a new birthday suit ! 
enjoying my memorial weekend . These last few weeks have been stressful . Took a really tough two week class worth four college credits . I am now Hazmat certified and can legally < PROPFEMALE > poisonous gas in my trunk . 
has a life . 
If someone sees my Pops wish him a Happy Father's Day for me ; I can't get a hold of him . 
sweats a lot . Humidity sucks . 
Eclipse can kiss my full < PROPFEMALE > . I am going to The Last Airbender first thing tommorrow !!! 
Sat under the Washington Monument and watched fireworks . Awesome way to spend the fourth !! 
Walked around D.C. today and saw all the memorials ! It was a good experience but very hot and tiring . Most all the other tourists were from other countries . Weird for being the day after Independence Day , I guess the Americans had to get back to work . 
Had the yummiest watermelon today . Now I know why they are so popular in the south . Sweet all the way to the rine . 
All Combat troops withdrew from Iraq , But I guess < PROPMALE > is part of the fifty thousand sustainment and training troops that are still there . 
Going to pick up my brother at the airport and we are off to FedEx Stadium to watch Boise State !!!! Score ! Happy Birthday Momma !! 
is being random ! 
on CQ duty again . Will be up til six in the morning and then I will finally be able to catch up on sleep . My body is aching for some rest . 
Flyleaf Concert or Greater Richmond Interfaith Council Meeting ? I don't know , I think I will enjoy either or . 
Had to take a Pt test this morning after getting a nasty cold yesterday . Still passed though , it was rough . 
Saw Flyleaf on Thursday . Awesome !!! 
I've been admitting this for years . 
Tu t-t ut , it looks like rain . 
Breaking News ! President Obama says he will not freeze military pay raises . 
I might as well own a Taco < PROPFEMALE > . I eat there so much ! Yum !! 
Someone who listen's but doesn't care\ 
Somone who laughs at you\ 
Someone who eats all your food\ 
Someone who throws a punch\ 
That's a true friend 
I wish the Constitution which is offered , had been made more perfect ; but I sincerely believe it is the best that could be obtained at this time . And , as a constitutional door is opened for amendment hereafter , the adoption of it , under the present circunstances of the Union , is in my opnion desireable . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Washington , September 24 , 1787 
DADT was voted for repeal . President needs to sign and then I won't have to worry about my battle buddies getting kicked out of the army just because they are gay . It is a good day today ! 
The new advertisement window at the top of the < PROPFEMALE > really sucks . I wonder how to get rid of it . 
It's oficially the end of the world . Natural Disaters around the world have caused more deaths this year than any other time on record . 
Congress START's the day off right ! 
\Flipped\ " is a charming film . I know my mom and my sisters would like it if they haven't seen it . I recommend it for next pizza and movie night ! " 
just one a TV from the PXtra drawing . Swweet !! 
Just got the Red < PROPMALE > for Blu-ray , best movie ever made !!!! 
Well I didn't know if 3D would catch on for homes but now that I see Sony is pushing it makes me believe it just ight , after all , they did champion the Bluray into mainstream . 
Marry up !! 
Get Well Soon Congresswoman Gifford . 
Talk this Sunday , actually had the feeling it was going to happen in church last Sunday . Holy Holy Ghost ! 
Dangit ! I went to Fort Pickett today and dropped my phone somwhere . I hope it shows up tommorow or I'll have to get a new one . 
Phones still missing . I'll have to get a new one now . 
I really enjoyed the State of the Union . Smart . 
On CQ duty again , so will miss church today , hope I can go next week . 
