Anybody want to help detail the burb on saturday inside and out ? 

< PROPFEMALE > , I tried . You did'nt have any Price is Right questions dear , I can remember those back to 1983 . Why ???????? Love your beautiful smile , it was good to see you at the get together at willies . 
Headed to Lake Chelan with kids for a fun 4th and sleep out under the stars . < PROPFEMALE > thanks for the invite , looking foward to a great time and seeing a bunch of your relatives that I have not seen since 1982 dear . Again , thanks for the invite . House on 
Had a great date in Spokane last weekend with an amazing gal . We met on the internet , at Christianmingle.com, She spoiled me all weekend , She will be coming to Wenatchee next week to spend more time together . Awesome , Happy guy here ., 
My new gal friend had lunch delivered to me today at work and she is in Spokane , how lucky can I be . Headed to Spokane on Saturday to visit her and her family at lake cabin taking kids with me should be a lot of fun , yes and taking more sunscreen . 
For those classmates of mine : I have recently come in contact with the Late < PROPFEMALE > Larkin Powell's daughter < PROPFIRST > . She has accepted me as a friend here on facebook and looking to hear stories of her late mother as she has only heard stories from family members and would like to hear some from the people she went to school with . Please contact her with any stories you have of her late mother . Thank you . 
< PROPFEMALE > , thank you for contacting < PROPFIRST > she was real happy to hear from you . 
If anybody else has any stories they would like to share with Witney Powell about her late mother < PROPFEMALE > Larkin , please contact < PROPFIRST > here on facebook please . She is wanting to know as much as possible about her mother as she was very little when < PROPFEMALE > passed away . 
Lets see , cleaned kitchen , done laundry , folded and put away laundry , cleaned toilets , cleaned tub/shower , changed all bedding , vaccum floors , getting ready to scrub floors , dusted , done dishes , all that is left to do is clean the inside of the car because the rain is cleaning the outside . have I forgotten anything ? : ) 
FANTASY FOOTBALL DRAFT LAST NIGHT : I think i got a pretty good team last night here are my starters , QB : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , RB < PROPMALE > PORTIS , RB : < PROPFIRST > RICE , WR : < PROPFIRST > MOSS , WR : < PROPMALE > SMITH CAR . WR : , < PROPFIRST > DRIVER , TE : < PROPMALE > HEAP , K : < PROPMALE > N GOTKOWSKI , DEF : PACKERS , not a bad team but a pretty good one should be consistant . 
Hey Ace >>>> Picasso's Pizza's Italian cheese bread with bacon , not a bad suggestion huh ... only $6.99 better than pizza . If there is one thing I do know and that is food , dad wouldnt ever give me an allowance going up , said i got paid every night at the dinner table and it looked like I havent missed any meals . 
Happy day , laptop keeps crashing mother board going bad , call HP for support to only find out the warranty expires tomorrow 9-23-09 . Hp to pay for all repairs $300-$500 , cant get much better than that . Oh ya , free shipping also . Glad I bought the kids a laptop so I have something to use . 
Nice job Panthers , knocking of Southridge this evening . < PROPMALE > , your guys played an awesome game this evening dominating from the start . NICE JOB . 
Listening to HAIR NATION 80'S HAIR BANDS ON XM RADIO ON TV , Bringing back memories . Windows and doors open , sorry neighbors : ) 
Scorpions \Send me an Angel\ " hope on is coming soon " 
Thank you to all for all the Birthday wishes , and < PROPFEMALE > thanks for the video . Its great to have a bunch of great friends . Thanks again , Marv 
PANTHERS ROCKING RAINER BEACH , 4TH QTR WENATCHEE UP 31-0 
Anyone want to help rearrange the living room ? will be starting on saturday as soon as i get up . 
Remembering one of the greatest Football players of all time today if not the GREATEST . < PROPFIRST > PAYTON , today is the tenth anniversary of his passing .. He was not only a great football player , but a great person and father off the field . As you watch football today , please remember the late < PROPFIRST > Payton . Nobody did it better than Payton . Sweetness #34 . 
I guess I did not know I was so popular at Golds Gym and in Wenatchee till my divorce . Maybe some people should focus on there work and there own life and not what I am doing or not doing in my life . I am here to be a good father to my kids and to be happy . The only person I need to answer to is God , and not the people of Wenatchee and surely not the people of Gold's Gym . Get a life and stay out of mine . 
What a day , started Christmas shopping this morning at 6:15 and finished around 9:00 am . Its nice to shop while everyone is still sleeping , and the the strores are not as full . Oh ya , did I mention you have your choice of parking spaces also . Now , its time to clean house and then wrap presents while watching some football . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE . 
To all here on facebook , I am going to deactivate my facebook account for awhile ... for those of you that need to get ahold of me , you know where you can reach me . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year to all . 
Nice job TCU 21-19 ......... Horned frogs < PROPFEMALE > bowl champions ....... 
Drive Defensively please ....... and dont Drink and Drive .... give someone else the keys . 
< PROPFEMALE > , dances today in vegas with awards this evening .... hope she does great , along with the rest of the girls that are there as well . 
YOUR PHONE < PROPFIRST > ARE POSTED HERE ON FACEBOOK , GO TO ACCOUNT , CLICK ON EDIT FRIENDS , CLICK ON PHONEBOOK ON THE LEFT , THEN EDIT AT THE TOP OF THE < PROPFEMALE > . ITS PULLING THEM FROM CELL PHONES . PLEASE PASS ON AND LET YOUR FRIENDS KNOW .................... 
CAN YOU SAY VACATION STARTS TODAY AT 5PM PACIFIC TIME ..... 
Kids want pizza again tonight , here I go back to the kitchen .... the house will be smelling good in just a few minutes . I guess it's great when the kids want me to make them dinner ... maybe Im not such a bad cook after all , but tonight will add a ceasars salad to dinner , and tea . 
Ok , all sides of the house are getting washed along with the windows .. should of put some soap on before this storm . Kind of nice though , sorry for anyone that has cherries left out there . 
Has anyone else noticed that for 100 days we had millions of gallons of oil leaking into the gulf and gas prices were under $3.00 a gallon . Then they put a cap on the leak and now as prices have started to go up to over $3.00 a gallon . But for 100 days we had no shortage as millions of gallons went into the ocean and gas prices were lower than they are today . 
Hey , looking for a roomate to split the cost of rent or part of it . All utilities included , direct tv , internet , 2 blocks down from the college nice neighborhood . Will have 1 one of the large rooms upstairs and full reign of the house and backyard patio area . Looking for non smoker , non partier , someone responsible , honest , and trustworhty . All you need is bedroom furniture and your ready to move in . $400.00 a month . 
GREAT LIGHTENING SHOW GOING ON RIGHT NOW , 
Its noon and Im still laying in bed , what a great feeling ... go at my own schedule . But tonight is a different story ..... its football season , it may be canadian football but its football . 
Ok , What the Hell is going on with the weather ? High winds and dark clouds coming in from the west again . Looks like were gonna get another show . 
Ok , time to get this cooking going for this week ..... Need to make homemade dough for pizza and calzones , after making the trip to costco and giving them an extra $50.00 for membership that sucked , was going to get out of there for $39.00 ... then to URM for more pizza pans and bacon ....... I can smell the house now , and fridays going to be awesome ...... Kids get ready for some fun times and some good food . 
I know today why I have not watched a Seattle Mariners game all year . THEY SUCK .... Maybe the Mariners front office could do a job swap with everyday guys in the seattle area , softball players . They could change jobs for one day , and see how the real life works . Then and only then will they see how lucky they are to play professional baseball and get paid for it . ITS A KIDS GAME , worst lossing streak since 1977 
Im not going to brag , but I am ..... I will put my pizza up against any pizza place in town anytime , anyplace , anywhere . All meat , chicken < PROPMALE > with bacon and mushrooms , and cheese bread , working on the cheese bread . Nothing like homemade .. :) 
Life is good , Direct TV just got my HD back up and running ..... sweet . 
Just had a great conversation with a old friend , that I have not seen in 28 years . I hope she see this and knows she has a friend for life here , and my doors are open if she ever needs anything . Facebook can be a wonderful source . 
GOOD NIGHT ALL 1:45 am , good thing today is a short day at work . 
FYI ... IF YOU HAVE DIRECT TV AND HAVE SIGNED UP FOR THE NFL SUNDAY TICKET AND ALL YOU WATCH IS THE REDZONE THAT COMES WITH THAT PROGRAMMING AND NOT THE SUNDAY TICKET . CALL DIRECT TV AND DISH OFFERS THIS PROGRAM FOR $7 AND YOUR GOING TO SWITCH , I JUST DID AND I CANCELED THE SUNDAY TICKET AND GOT THE RED ZONE FOR FREE . A 48.00 SAVINGS PER MONTH . WENT FROM 105.00 , DOWN TO 46.46 PER MONTH WITH THE REDZONE AND HD SERVICE . 
With Happiness thier is sadness , You can't be happy unless you have experienced some sadness in your life . Enjoy your day and Enjoy your life and Enjoy being Happy . 
thier is like 20 friends on here to talk to this evening at almost midnight , what are we all still doing up people ? 
Im hungry , < PROPFIRST>'s boneless chicken sounds so good right now . I have none and they are closed . Damn ....... 
Wenatchee would be the best town in the world to live in if there was not so many clicks of people . You either have to have lots of money , be popular , be part of the social network , and like to gossip , and attend the CLUB to be accepted in this town . I am none of the above . If you like me for who I am great you have a friend for life , If not Move on cause I dont need your trash in my life . 
Had the best talk with with two very nice people last night , and they both know who they are . I appreciate there time and conversation last night . Thank you ladies . As for all the good wishes today , thank you all . It really means alot to me to know who your true friends are . Yes , this valley is a tough place to live without all the gossip . I can play that game , but I am taking a higher road . 
Got a great vote of confidence on the Pizza today from < PROPFIRST > Reddick former owner of the Original Pizza Inn at Valley North Mall , says it was very good .. how many remember that place growing up ? I have someone willing to provide a kitchen to cook from legally , dreams do come true and maybe sooner than I thought . Thanks to everyone for the feedback on the pizza , hopefully coming to your home soon .. :) 
Good morning everyone , its a beautiful day ...... Were all above ground . 
Today as just been unbelievable thanks for all the orders everyone . I hope you like what I have to for you to taste . My kids say its better than pizza hut and abbys , < PROPFIRST > says its very good , friends say its awesome ,.... Im going to work it from home for awhile and see how it goes . Thank you everyone , I am truely blessed to have great friends .... Someone just need to keep the EX wife away from me . 
Thank God its Friday ...... busy day tomorrow ... off to URM after work for more supplies for pizza's togo ..... going to be a very busy day , but well worth it to get the word out ..... Have a great day everyone . 
Good things are happening .. :::: )))))) , pizza business just took off like fire , Roommate moving in next week , so nice , sweet , and cute to boot ..... I see a welcome to the neighborhood party coming very soon . 
To < PROPFIRST > Harlow , < PROPFEMALE > Gill , and < PROPFIRST > Vickery : Thank you all for all the nice compliments on your pizza's . Im here to make the best pizza's in town and I believe I am on the right track . Thanks again , Marv ....... 881-4628 
Hey , fellow facebookers .... My friend < PROPFEMALE > runs a business KLB PHOTOGRAPHY on the westside of the mountains and is willing to come to eastern washington to do your next photo shoot , family , couples , senior pictures .... check out her work here on facebook . \ 
Thank you ,.. Marv 
cant sleep to many things on my mind , have to be up at 5am ... hope today is a good day at work .... guess I better get used to it ... such is life . 
Looking forward to the end of the work day so I can come home and prepare and cook < PROPFEMALE>'s pizza's for tonight . 
Just got up and feel like going back to bed ... its like I have a hangover and I have not been drinking ... off to work I go instead .. have a great day everyone . 
Just finished cooking garlic chicken to go with chicken < PROPMALE > for tomorrow's order ... the house smells soooooooooooo goooooooooood . no pre-cooked packaged chicken on my pizza ... all cooked here ready to go on your pizza . 
Such a great friday , 5 pizza orders to do by 7:30 , 3 already for Saturday , and roommate finally moving in on sunday :) , what could be better than this ... SHAKTI , I think I'm ready for that drink dear . 
Can't keep my landlord out of the pizza this evening ..... the crust sells itself ... should do the crust with no toppings but butter , with cheese ..... ummmmm good idea bread sticks . 7 pizza's out the door tonight , and 3 for tomorrow so far ... new pizza idea coming will share after my tasters give me feedback . Im tired but in a good way .. :) 
Starvin < PROPMALE>'s will be closed Friday September 3rd , due to fantasy football draft but will re-open on saturday ... if you need a pizza for saturday let me know ahead of time of what you would like and the time you need it . Thank you , Marv 881-4628 . 
All done cooking Pizza for the night , and tomorrow .... is a cleaning day ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , hope you both have a great day at school tomorrow and your mom wakes up in time to take you there . < PROPFEMALE > , Its time to take charge of the alarm clock again for another year .... good luck ladies , see you this weekend ... love you both .... 
Won 4 tickets this morning to the PUYALLUP FAIR , have never been . going to be a fun thing to take the girls too and spend some quality time with them ... :) 
FOOTBALL all day and all night ........ AWESOME ..... NFL REDZONE ..... ::::: ))))))) 
HOW ABOUT THEM COWBOYS .... WHAT A STUPID PLAY TO END THE HALF ..... 
ok , I think 4 bottles of wine and 8 beers with roomie and landlord and my 2 neghbors is enough for 2-1/2 hours of fun for this evening on a work night ..... yippie for tomorrow .... :) 
Off to have a great day with the girls rain or sun ... its going to be a fabulous day and evening spent with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > although 6 hours in a car not good at least I have great company ....... PUYALLUP FAIR HERE WE COME ...... 
Had a great dinner tonight with < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPFEMALE > Trans , and had a great conversation with < PROPFEMALE > as well . It was great to see her , and as always the food was just wonderful . 
Can't wait for saturday night ... good friends , beer , wine , food , fire pit , and above all a great time to be had ....... GO BSU BRONCOS ....... HEY SMORES SOUND GOOD TOO !!! am I glad I dont work on sunday ... it will need to be a day of rest for sure . 
I would like to say thank you to < PROPFEMALE > , JENN , KAT , AND < PROPFEMALE > , for a great night of football , food , drinks , and conversation last night .... nothing better than ladies that love football ... thank you ladies .... :) 
Does anyone know the status of the person that was hit by a car this morning as they were walking from the student living quarters or the link bus stop to the college outside the crosswalk . Just thinking about them , and praying they are alright . 
Well lets see .... I guess that when one goes through a divorce one should get what they can at the time of the divorce , INCLUDING KIDS BABY PICTURES .. Never assume that the other party is going to give you anything in a timely manner when they say they will . Just venting .... its been 5 months and about to start month number 6 ..... I GUESS I WILL GET THEM WHEN SHE IS GOOD AND READY .... ITS JUST GETTING OLD . 
THANK YOU ALL FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES , I am so blessed to have so many great friends . Had a great day at work , and a great dinner with MY girls at < PROPMALE>'s Classic . Thank you , Marv 
Had a great day with the girls , sitting on the outside deck at the COFFEE CABIN having our drinks and great conversation with a 13 and 8 year old ...... tonight roasting hot dogs over a open fire and SMORES ...... ::::: )))))) 
Hey , to all you Canadians out there Happy Thanksgiving ..... yes today is the Canadian Thanksgiving Holiday .... 
its 2am and wide awake ... what gives ? 
Are the Minnesota Twins taking notes on how to beat the Yankees ? YANKEES SUCK ... GO RANGERS ................. :) 
LETS GO RANGERS ....... :))))) .... Nice job KIPPER >>>> not sure how many of you know that 1982 wenatchee high graduate ... < PROPMALE > Fagg is a scout with the Texas Rangers ... Again Nice job Rangers and < PROPMALE > .... 
Went to be past 1 am and am up before 7 am , wtf .... well guess I have lots to do today ... pizzza's are coming ...... trying a new one today ..... garlic < PROPMALE > sauce with cajun chicken , mushrooms and peppered bacon . 
Today on this great Saturday Oct . 23rd , 2010 . I would like to give thanks to my EX for finally giving me my kids baby pictures . It took almost 6 months , but I finally have them . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Anyone need a very little used Maytag Washer and Dryer ? I am moving and do not need them where I am going .... Paid $682.00 Plus tax will sell both for $400.00 White in color need to have gone by the weekend of November 20th . 
Its 4:10 am , have not slept a wink yet . This really sucks , to many things on my mind with moving out of my place and other things ...... Will someone shut this mind down ..... and or text me so I atleast have someone to talk too please .... Chat < PROPMALE > where are you now ? your always up in the wee hours of the morning , but no not today ... I could use some great conversation if you see this .... 
For any and all friends here and your friends as well . If your looking at remodeling your home , your friends home and or building a new home . We at the home depot can help you . Please contact me for your needs and we can do the phone sale over the phone , and have the product delivered to you from your nearest Home Depot location . Please call me Thank you .... direct line to me 509-664-1402 ext . 388 mon-fri 8-5 ... 
BBQ pork in the slow cooker for tomorrow .... mmmmm good . 
TOO ALL ....... REMEMBER TO SET YOUR CLOCKS BACK NOW ....... 
Hearing reports tonight that my nephew < PROPFIRST > Crail is headed to Afghanistan tomorrow morning to fight for our freedom . Please say a prayer for him and his troop , so they all come home safely . 
Damn , its fricken cold outside 36 degrees at 9:45 ...... I see frost on the windshield tomorrow morning ,..... 
Had great evening tonight , went on a date with a old girlfriend from 25 years ago , everything from dinner to conversation to meeting her mom again was just wonderful . Its amazing , when you let something go from so long ago how nice it is to have back , it's like why did we split up in the first place . We will deffinitely be having another date soon .... :) Thank you for reconnecting with me . ::: ))))))) 
SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW ........ To have someone come back into your life after 25 years is just so special . And that is 25 years of not seeing each other and or talking to each other , and then out of blue we have reconnected . But the feelings , are still there after all these years . Another great evening together . 
Off to bed everyone , time to go dream about a special person back in my life . Good night . 
BAXTER OUT AS WILD COACH ..... BREAKING NEWS ...... WENATCHEE WORLD 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , and now Christmas is right around corner . Remember Christmas is not about receiving girfts , although nice ........ We need to get back to Celebrating the true meaning of Christmas , and not this Commercialized World we live in , of spending till your broke . Spending time with Family , and getting back what Christmas was ment to be . 
Im really not sure how u can go 25 years in this town and not see or talk to a person , but all I have to say it that I am glad we are back together . 
COSTCO ........ sells stamps ....... did no know that .... save . 25 a book .... 
Im so so very blessed to have someone rom my past back in my life . My heart is filled with so much happiness when we are together . Its like we were never apart 
Love the sound of rain on a metal roof . 
Not sure if life can get any better than it is right now . For all of u wanting to know who this person is in my life you will know soon enough . 
Great weekend coming up ..... anna's in the nutcracker , and < PROPFEMALE > me and my date going to watch and then to dinner with the girls . 
Great night last night at the nutcracker with < PROPFEMALE > and my lady watching < PROPFEMALE > and then a nice dinner at McGlenns . The snow could have stayed away though . 
If u get a post from me with a link attached ..... do not open it ..... I am not sending anything . 
TGIF .......... VACATION ALL NEXT WEEK ....... SPENDING TIME WITH MY GIRLS ....... NOTHING BETTER . 
Great date tonite with < PROPFEMALE > at the < PROPMALE > black concert ..... tickets she won in a coloring contest ..... thank you < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > ads . 
On this day 9 years ago I got too watch the birth of my second daughter Megan .... Megan your a beautiful and wonderful big girl today .... happy birthday dear . 
Ok ...... for those of U that want to know who im dating here it is .... her name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > she graduated from WHS in 75 .. we a very happy 2 b back 2gether . 
At the movies with megan ...... yogi bear ... 
Here's our great city tax dollars working today .... they are plowing asphalt ..... why ?..... don't have anything else for . tie employee to do today ......??????????? 
Seahawks game moved to prime time sunday night what a waste of tv time ..... Go EAGLES tuesday night .... VICK TO MACLIN ALL NIGHT LONG ...... I NEED POINTS .... 
Spent a great evening with < PROPFEMALE > talking about alot of things , sure is great to have someone special back in my life .. GLAD UR BACK .... ;) 
Should not have drank two mtn . Dews ....... still awake .... sleeping with the windows open .... love the fresh air even at 32 degrees . 
I have been hacked .... if u get a email from me wit a link do not open it ........ I am not sending out any email wit links attached .... thank u . 
Watching it trying to snow ..... one flake at a time .... boring 
Nice job eastern eagles 
So we took a poll at work on how many passes till hasselbeck tosses a interception ..... 3 passes .... 
As the saints go marching on HOME !!!!! 
Before one talks about another person , one should look at oneself in the mirror and ask yourself . Am I perfect . If u are great , if not one should stop talking about others . Oh , I forgot .... you live in wenatchee where you do what you do best and that is gossip . But again your perfect ..... why don't you try to be happy and enjoy life , and stop talking about others . GROW UP . 
Great evening with my 2girls and < PROPFEMALE > at the wild game . I think < PROPFEMALE > is starting to like hockey or at least the fights . 
Ok ... woke up wide awake .... who's out here ? 
Taking the afternoon off to spend with my girls ... :) 
Another wild hockey tonight with < PROPFEMALE > ...... sure hope we win the seat upgrade with the seagals ...... :) 
Wlid lost 5-3 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > .... 
So here is a funny thought ..... the worst team record wise to make the playofffs SEAHAWKS .... will host the packers next week if they win tomorrow . 
GO PACKERS .. NICE WIN 
Sure glad I didn't jump on the seahawk bandwagon after one hasslebeck good game ..... GO PACKERS .. GO PATIOTS . 
GO PACKERS .... PACKERS ..... TOUCHDOWN PACKERS ALL DAY LONG . 
Touchdown packers ...... 
PACKERS VS STEELERS ..... should be a good game ... GO PACKERS ... 
Just went through jet pro ... tore the trailer wiring off the burb ... too bad the kid drying the burb didnt say anything . eveveryone else driving down the road did 
Just had a great afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > ne the girls looking at houses .... NICE . 
Its19 outside < PROPFEMALE > and no snow .... take that midwest and east coast . 
Hey facebookers ..... building a new house or remodeling an old one ? Let me help u with your materials . Utilizing our bidroom can save u money . 664-1402 
Rothlisberger should be in prison not the super bowl .... Go Packets .... 
Nice job packets ...... Rodgers has as many championships as < PROPFIRST > farve ...... ( 1 ) .... 
