is tired !.... second day of work and gheez these kids are a hand full ! lol .... gotta love them though !.... well turning in early tonight !... BIG day tomorrow and I'm ready to see what all it will bring ! ( besides work ) lol 

thanks EVERYONE for the birthday LOVE !.... I had a good day !........ I thank God for allowing me to see another birthday !! 
is tired !.... and going to sleep good tonight !..... shower , eat , then straight to bed !.... another work day in the morning ! 
is about to go and wash < PROPFEMALE > then come back home and RELAX !! Really tired and in need of a long hot shower !...... kids were extra active this week at work !! Lol 
is headed to work !.... hoping that the day goes by fast because I'm tired and already ready to come home and go back to sleep !... lol .... 
is headed to Greenville to spend the 4th with Bubba and the wifey .......... really hoping that I have fun because so much of me wants to stay !.. lol ... oh well ... we're off ! back on Sunday then work Monday ..... 
is really looking forward to going to work tomorrow !... ( WEIRD , I KNOW ) ...... Teen Camp begins and so does the fun I guess !..... hoping my boys behave !............... in the meantime wondering why I'm not sleepy and have to get up at 5:45 !!! UGh !... 
is tired ....... about to finish watching Drag me to Hell and call it a night !...... Night , Night Facebook !! 
this was a really boring weekend !...... I got a lot of rest though so I guess it wasn't so bad after all !.... 
is thinking .... hmm ??? What am I going to do today ?? 
had an okay day ...... just want to relax and get my thoughts together ..... wishing that the day went better but not everyday is exciting I guess ..... oh well , maybe tomorrow will be better . 
is really hoping to have a wonderful night downtown ..... asking God to keep the rain away and let the dinner cruise be oh so memorable ...... can't wait to see my aunt's face when she realizes what's going on .... MOOD = HAPPY !... lol . 
is looking forward to a fun-good rest of the summer !. haha .. so far pretty good !... job has ended and back to sleeping past 6 a . m .... but I do miss those guys at work !.. lol ..... oh well , hoping to see them again next summer !.. 
is mad I'm still up doing this dang on essay !... ugh ! Procrastination gets me every time and just comes and bites me in the BUTT !.. lol .... well praying this hard work pays off !....... ( Missing MY < PROPFIRST > ! :( Gheez it seems like months since I talked to you Hun 
is bored ! 
slept all day and now I can't go to sleep !.... guess I will have a late start tomorrow ..... hoping that nothing is wrong with < PROPFEMALE > or if it is somethig simple .... taking her to the shop tomorrow then hopefully a makeover nxt wk ... lol .. 
is about to watch t.v. until I fall asleep .... Nite , nite Facebook ! 
is turning in early tonight !... going to try and do some housework tomorrow and possibly some yard work !.... well until next time , DUECES FB ! 
today was a great day !.... slept late , lounged around then went out to eat with my Boo !... now I'm full , happy , and relaxed ! 
just woke up from a long nap , now wishing I would have stayed awake because it's boring and I can't go back to sleep !! 
is really just feeling like getting in the car and going somewhere !...... too bored ! 
is getting over the boredom , laying it down for the night and hoping that it doesn't take me hours to fall asleep !.... gotta early rise in the morning !.... Patience gotta go to the doctor , to actually get fixed them time before that darn tire have me in the woods somewhere !.... well , until next time , Goodnite FB ! 
is thinking , thinking , thinking , AWAY ! Ugh ! Today really sucks !... my < PROPFEMALE > had to stay at the doctor cause the ppl didnt have the piece for her ! TEAR ! LMBO !...... oh well guess it's off in the Buick tonight or maybe not because it is NOTHING TO DO !! Oh so bored and disgusted !!!!!!! 
is thanking God for his blessings !..... hoping that Revival is reviving tonight and that it doesn't last all night ... lol ... countdown is on .... 12 more days home then packin up and headed back to Florence !... Aww ! Tear and happiness all at the same time !.. missing the family and friends already but gotsta get that education ! 
is home from church and just relaxing !...... preacher sholl did bring a good word tonight !! 
just got home from church .... just relaxing ..... and thanking God for the message given on tonight !... ( Is this better < PROPFEMALE >?) hahahaha 
is thinking .... hmm ? I really need to upload some pics from my camera and take some more pics period because the ones on here are kinda old now .... oh well , not tonight !... going to bed FACEBOOK !!! lol 
is sad and bored because it's nothing to do !!... Tyree is at work and doesn't get off until 7 !!! and who knws where anyone else is ..... about to hop in the shower ( yes , at 4 in the afternoon ... hahahaha ) and then just do nothing I guess .... sad ! lol 
is thinking ..... 8 more days .... then Home Sweet FMU !!.... this packin is going to wear me out !!... all my stuff is everywhere and I'm really in no rush to put it together because that's hard work MAn !... hahahaha ... oh well a lil bit time left .. in the meantime ... BORED , LAZY , and did I mention BORED .... lol ... wondering what should I get in ... any suggestions ?? 
is excited about going back to school now because I got a job !!... lol ... a lil pocket change for gas and stuff ( stuff meaning : clothes , shoes , etc . ) lol .... okay maybe just occasionly !.... hoping that this semester is just as successful as the first two were and FUN !!!....... FMU bound in a wk ! 
started packing some things tonight .... trying to see what I already have so I won't go buying things in vaiN !...... kinda of excited to go to FMU unlike last year !.... lol .... new things going on for me .... I'ma Diplomat now ~ YAY ~ and I have a job !.... and of course there's < PROPFEMALE > so I won't have to be stuck and bored on campus all the time !! 
just got home from grandma's house !..... had a good time !.... nothing but laughs when I'm there !!... she keeps something going on !... enjoying the last few days home before it's back to school then back to the books ! 
has attempted to begin packing twice and still hasn't gotten far at all ...... but one thing that I have discovered through those attempts is it's time to go shopping .... my clothes getting scarce !... guess the scale aint lying !.... lol ... not fat but gained !. ... lose the gut and I'm satisfied wouldn't mind doing a lil shopping anyway ! 
is still packing ..... ready to go shopping tomorrw !!!... for food , school stuff , and clothes !...... and ready to get my < PROPFEMALE > back !... gheez !.... she was suppose to be going away for a day and ain't back yet !..... I trust that she will be in great condition when she returns though ! 
is extremely tired and still got a lil bit of packing to do !!..... HOME SWEET FMU tomorrow !!... didn't get much sleep last nite and been gone all day !......... but the best part of it all is that I'm In wayyyy better shape than I was last year to make this trip for those of you who know what I mean !!... LOL ) ... 
just got back from the party @ da Legion !.. 1st of the year !... now shower , maybe a lil t.v. then off to bed !... need to get some things off my mind and QUICK !!.. Lol ..... wonder what tomorrow will bring ?!?! 
is going to bed ... been on facebook long enough ........ got everything that I needed to do accomplished today though .... ready for work and I guess classes tomorrow !!....... oh , p.s. I'm mad I been in < PROPFEMALE > 4 days now and aint see or talk to my Big Brother yet , you knw who you are !!!... LMBO !..... 
is about to head to class !.... hopes that all my professors and classes are good and looking forward to my first day of work too ...... oh , p . s . and still mad I been in < PROPFEMALE > 4 days and still ain't see or talk to my Big Brother !... you knw who you are !..... LMAO ! 
is happy that my Chem Lab doesn't start until next wk !!..... wish I could say the same for Anatomy !... Stoeckmann ain't playing !.... gotta get my head right and back to the books !..... well , hypnotist show later ....... and still mad I been in < PROPFEMALE > 4 days and still aint see or talk to my big brother !.... you knw who you are !... LMAO !!! 
is up and thankful that he woke me up to see another daY !!.... Yayy !..... getting ready for 3 new classes this morning !!.... wish me luck ! 
okay , dressed !... fresh !.. now off to see what's left of breakfast before class !..... thankful to see another day and hoping that my classes aren't so long and drawn out today !! 
thinks I have the wrong book for Chem ... silly me !... lol ... glad I kept the recepit !.... now off to the bookstore to get the right one , if this one is even the wrong one ... lol .... really hoping that if it is the wrong one the right one is CHEAPER !!!!.. 
the nap was great ... now bout to do this Anatomy and log in to these program for Math and Chemistry ... and cook too .. kinda hungry !... 
stayin in tonight !....... long drive back home tomorrow after class for my doctor's appointment ..... tryin to get this work done .. but .. it is so hard to focus for some reason ... I need prayer !!!.. 
needs to be sleep !. l .. class in the a.m. but just one and I think I can last 50-minutes !.... hahaha ..... I'm beginning to get focused but sad to say .... starting back with the same bad habits from last year ... doing work at night !! UGH !... I'm so nocturnal !! lol 
Is about to head to class !..... glad it's only 50 minutes and praying they go by fast ! lol 
is back on camp .... praying that this is a very successful week and that I begin it by passing my Anatomy quiz tomorrow !... now I guess I should get off facebook and finish studying !.. lol .. had a good weekend with the Boo and family .... Frankies and bowling !... it was a blast ! Now back to the books ! 
just got finished eating .... now about to do this Math homework so I won't get behind , then Anatomy ... after that .... shower , t.v. maybe , sleep !.... calling it an early night because staying up till 4 dis a.m. got a sister worn out ! 
calling it a night !..... really gotta get on it tomorrow .... but I need rest !... no nap today and didn't go to sleep until 4 dis a . m ...... work first but my health and strength is important too !.... I'm tired !!..... thanking God for the ability to begin to focus again !!.... I was worried there for a minute but the big guy never lets me down and for that I give him all the praises !!..... GONNA BE SUCCESSFUL !! 
just got back from classes !... Tuesdays are sooo long !... from 9:55 to 3:25 ! Wow !!... missed breakfast and I'm hungry !!... but what should I cook ?... shrimp and fries maybe or something quicker .... Idk what , but something !!!.... then math work and study for my Anatomy quiz !.... and that's it for now ... update ya after all that has taken place FB !... LMBO ! 
just finished eating .... about to study this Anantomy ... then Greek Forum maybe or just take a nap !... whatever I feel after the studying .... and then maybe ... uh !... Idk ... we'll just wait and see what happens ! 
about to finish my work ..... logging out of facebook !... it's so distracting !.. lol .. I want to go to bed early for a change and the work ain't much tonight so maybe I can watch a lil t.v. too ..... instead of just falling out as soon as I hit the sheets !! 
is really frustrated with this Math homework ... I can't get them all right for nothing !!....... so , I'm calling it a night .... LONNNNNNG day ahead of me !.... and my first night class from 6-9 !.... I just knw I'm gonna be pooped !.... lol ... somebody pray for me ! 
finally back in my room since 11:20 besides the 10 minutes after work !.... today was lonnnng !... I survived though .... quick nap then start my Chem homework .... and we'll just have to wait and see what's after that I guess !...... 
calling it a night !.... really tired !... breakfast in the a.m. then calsses , work , and maybe even a nap !.... we'll see !.... Dueces FB ! 
is mad me and < PROPFEMALE > just got jipped by Dominoes !!!...... 10 wings and a dang on Sandwich $25.84 ???... what the ??????...... that man got some explaining to do when he get here and he bet not be lookin for a tip !!..... Heck , for 25 dollars I'ma have to make that food last till next week !.... LMBO ! 
about to head to Wal-Mart to get this expensive behind calculator , then take something back to It's Fashion and Payless and its St. < PROPFIRST > bound !!! 
is back on camp and got a lonng night ahead ..... got ten chapters to read for English and study for my Anatomy quiz tomorrow ..... I did absolutely no work this weekend !!!!.... Now I have to pay for it with a sleepless night !... Sucks being me right now !!... lol ... 
is praying for a successful semester ..... and with that I mean A's and B's and the strength to get through all the work my Anatomy teacher feels fit to give us at once .... and a quiz everyday !!.... WTF ??... please be with me Lord through all the late , long , sleepless nights and help me to keep good health and not crash and get sick at the end like last semester !... 
about to head to class ..... this is going to be a long day ... but if I stick to my plan I will be turning in early !.... please God help me to hit the sheets by a decent time tonight instead of the usual 2 , 3 , or 4 in a . m ..... my body needs rest !!....... well , hoping that the day goes well ! 
is still up !.... my plan to go to bed early is obviously screwed !.... I'm so mad right now at this teacher !!!..... all this dang on work .... a quiz everyday ... I mean I do have other classes and other work to do !.... she act as if she my only professor ...... anyway ... today was fun .... did a lil bit of shopping while going to buy my calculator for class ..... 3 classes tomorrow ... I'ma be so worn out !! 
just got out my Chem Lab ...... now off to do more work , study for my Anatomy quiz , eat eventually , and study some more I guess ..... hopefully I won't be up all night again .... but guess we just have to see ..... 
doesn't have much to say ...... day started off bad ..... hasn't gotten much better .... nap and then finish my work ... hopefully it will be better when I wake up ....... how I feel right now just can't get any worst !!! At least I'm hoping not ... 
still up !! 
is about to call it a night , finally !!.... I've had enough for one day !.... 
about to finish up my work , go turn in my work , pack , and then headed home ..... can't wait to spend time with my cousins tomorrow !!.... SHONTAY\S COMING HOME !!!... YAY !!.... can't miss it and then there's the fish fry Saturday in front of Wolfe's Floral shop which will be continued at my house !.... It's a fundraiser so it aint free ppl but good ... lol .. so stop by and help me out !! PLz ! " 
FISH FRY this afternoon at my house !... sorry guys but it's a fundraiser lol ...... to help me raise money to help me as I try to become Miss . Lovely Hill ... Please come out and help support me !....... NEEDS ALL THE HELP I CAN GET !!..... Thanks in advance !!!.... 
finally getting started with the fish frY !!.... taking orders !!.... in front of my house !!... Hudsontown Commmunity !.... Please come ot and help support me ! 
is looking forward to spending time with the cousins tonight ..... know that we will have a good time ..... plenty laughs , love , fun ! 
had fun this weekend !!!..... the fish fry went well and it's always fun spending time with the family ( specifically the older cousins ! ) ....... now back to the books !!.... feeling much better about Anatomy and school period after the encouraging words from Mama Dine !.... hope that lasts !..... lol 
has so much math to catch up on due to all this dang on Anatomy work !!!... Ugh !... Long night again looks like .... hopefully the math isn't that long and I can get some sleep !!!... as of now .... bout to get something to eat because I'm soooo hungry !!! 
is stressed , not giving up but going to bed !..... too tired !!.... seems like I'm trying my hardest and giving my best but it's not working !!..... I hate this feeling and is praying for better results !!... this is a HARD semester !!!.... I ; m giving to God and going to try my best not to worry about it !!! Pray for me somebody !! 
was so excited taking my quiz and really thought I knew what I was doing , honestly !.... I was like I learned something after all and then I didn't do good at the end !..... I so gettin back in the bed .. and wait until things get better I guess !... Diplomats Retreat in the a.m. then Idk .... 
is feeling better today !..... took a lonnggg nap after the Diplomat Retreat .... now about to do some work and maybe watch a lil t.v. afterwards ..... trying to relax and release the stress .... letting go and letting God have his way ! 
has so much to do and so little time ...... another lonnng night ahead looks like !.... this Anatomy is really gettin on my nerves , a quiz every lab ?!!?... is ridiculous !... I'm so ready for this semester to end but successfully ! 
is really going to call it an early night ..... or so I'm trying !!!.... bout to get on this Chemistry and then English and then shower and laying it down .... 
has a lot to get done today !!.... focused and ready to study so I can learn this Anatomy and pass my test/quiz/pratica next weekl !!!... then bowling tonight with the Dips !! YAY ! 
studying Chemistry and Anatom with dingy Sineada !!... long night ahead !! 
if it ain't one thing it's two and three and the list goes on !..... 
waiting on Firestone to call and tell me to bring Patience !... hoping that the parts come in today and I don't have to wait until tomorrow to get her fixed ... I need to go home !!... 
still waiting on Firestone to call !!!...... I'm bout to call them and just maybe , maybe they will say oh yeah < PROPFIRST > we have your parts you can bring your car now ..... out the door I go !!.... Please God let me be able to get my car fixed for odd reason I totally don't want to be here this wkend !!! 
is stuck on camp for the weekend !!!... Ugh ! It really sucks !.... Patience has really let mama down but I won't put all the blame on her .. I guess . lol .... she costing me though ( BIG , BIG TIME ! ) ..... anyways my family is the best !... they called me on speakerphone and made me feel better !!... 
well I'm back on camp !...... getting this work done so I can call it a night !.... I got to go home after all ( < PROPMALE > really came through , that's why he my Boo .. lol ) ... he surprised me Saturday a.m. and I surprised my parents that afternoon .... they were so happy to see me !... felt like I hadn't been home in years ! LOL ! Daddy gave me a big hug and kiss !!.... AWW !!! 
thinks the week went by pretty fast !..... Fall break has officially begun well after I submit this quiz ... then it will begin .... my only class for today was canceled ... Labbe ' rocks !!.. lol ..... it's Firestone to get my tire fixed , Columbia to get the hair did up nice , then HOME SWEET HOME !!... so ready ! 
is having a very relaxing day !... glad to be home and glad the pageant went well and is over ! lol ...... But even more happy to be MISS . LOVELY HILL 2009-2010 !! Yay !... all the had work paid off .... so happy to have the family and friends that I have because without them and God on my side it would not have been possible !! 
Busy day ahead ... hitting the sack early tonight .... or at least for me this is early .. 1 in the a . m ... WOW !... if I could do this every night I would be so much better physically and mentally !... lol .... well nite nite folks ! 
is in need of a financial blessing !... all these tire problems < PROPFEMALE > has had has really caused me suffering and then on top that the freshman/summer 15 has caused my wardrobe a < PROPMALE > decrease !.. lol ... spending money aint fun when you have no real job to replace it !! lol 
is calling it a night .... it's what's best .... going jump back on the work tomorrow ... I'm super tired and all that dozing off in class on T/TH aint working .... gotta do better and starting tonight .... Nite Nite FB !... Somebody pray for me !!! 
is beyond stressed !... just loosing it seems like !!... lol ... no , seriously ! 
has had a long week !!..... taking it easy today , going home for the weekend !... waiting to hear my Daddy's story that he's so eager to tell me about something that happened at campmeeting ... Idk !.. but whatever it is I knw it's sure to be funny becasuse hey , he's a funny guy !! Lol ..... 
HAD A WONDERFUL WEEKEND !.... got some rest and had so much fun !!.... now back to the books !... trying not to stress .... giving my best and leaving the rest to GOd !.. so ready for this semester to end though !! 
is in need of a nap !... or better yet , a shower then to bed for the rest of the night !... HAHAHA I wish ! 
is determined to get some rest tonight !...... relaxing and just chillin out !.. lol ... I deserve it ! 
had a very relaxing weekend !..... I was determined to take me a break and that I did !... loved it !... now back to the books !.... church was nice today !... attended Lawson Grove Baptist with Mr. Peterson and his wife !.... had dinner afterwards !.... looking forward to going back next Sunday ... God is good ! 
doesn't know what to do !!.... I'm seriously having a struggle this semster .... never felt like this before .... I'm scared to be honest ... feels like I'm loosing and there is nothing else that can be done !.... God help me , please show me the way ! 
is feeling so much better !... thankful for the people in my life !.... you guys are truly a blessing !... LOVE YA !.... not giving up now , without God on my side I wouldn't have made it this far and I'm going to keep on pushing !.... taking back what the devil has stole from me !!... MOOD : Better than yesterday ! 
still upset that we got locked out the probate tonight !.... over capacity ... watever !.. lol .... anyway , Congrats to ya < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > and everybody else who came out !!... Proud of ya !.... now bout to get on this paper !... UGH ! 
hoping that I have some fun tonight ..... taking a few hours off from doing work before I go crazy !! lol 
well this weekend was fun !.... went out to eat last night and just relaxed !... eatched a little t.v. and stayed up all night doing nothing !.... the best part of it all ! lol ... No work !.... but now its over so back to the books !....... saying to myself : you can do it < PROPFIRST > and successfully despite of all the setbacks !!... the semester is almost over and God is not done with me yet !!... Yay ! 
to the family of the late < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Dobbins I say to you that today may be hard but remember that you will get through because God will put no more on us than we can bear !... it's okay to cry just know that joy will come ! R.I.P. Quana , Madi , and < PROPMALE > 
About to head to the bank , then go take care my business , and it's 95 South to 20 ... Columbia bound ..... going to stay the weekend there with the cousins !.... too bad I have all this work to do and it can't just be a get-a-way trip , but its okay Ima make the best of it .... being round fam is always nice anyway ! 
is praying for the strength to make it through to the end of this semester ..... tired of stressing and besides its not good for the health !!... enjoying the weekend with the cousins ... dreading that it's almost over !.. Ugh ! 
finally got this paper done and this Anatomy with the help of the cousins !... now I have to get some rest for my drive back to camp in the morning .... my time was fun in the Met now back to the books !.... just a few more weeks and it will be over for a while !.. anticipating the day of the last exam of the semester !... I am totally worn out ! 
just don't know ...... whatever happens is what is obviously meant to be ..... few more weeks and it's over .... 
feels a little better ... but now I think I'm getting sick ! UGH ! 
is tired ..... long weekend yet so short !... if that'spossible ... lol ... but anyway , only two more days till break ... and a long two days because I have two tests ... somebody pray for me !!.... so ready to get on 95 South !... aint been home in a month and I miss my ppl ... ready for my daddy to make me laugh and my mama to laugh at us cracking jokes !...... ( R . I . P . Shondra ) 
is sick !... night fever , runny nose , frequent chills , sneezing , coughing , sore throat !.... and the worst thing of it all is that exams coming up !... I have to get better soon !.... just seems like the devil won't stop !... but God is in control and I know he aint bring me this far to leave me ! 
is ready for the break !!... but until then .... Ima pray hard , study much , and get as much sleep as I can cause I must and I will RIP these exams ! Its beeen a HARD semester , many obstacles have gotten in my way but I aint stoppin now .. must go out with a BANG ! 
is FINALLY done with exams and must say that I'm content . I know I did well on all of them !.... all the late sleepless nights and stress is over !... for now anyway ... lol .. most importantly Im still standing and God bought me thru !... now the best part , TIME TO GO HOME !!!... Miss the fam !... and I'm ready to see my Daddy !.. lol .... ( clearly I'm a Daddy's girl ! ) 
doesn't know how to feel .... still can't believe my aunt has died . I just talked to her , was just with her and then I get a call saying she had a stroke and before I even make it there she's gone . Guess it's true what they say , \Here one day and gone the next . \ " No warning at all .... Wow ..... Thankful God brought my daddy made it through his surgery though ... proof that no matter what he's still good . " 
instead of saying New Year , New me .. Im going to say , New Year a BETTER ME !! :) 
is praying for a better year .... thanking God for alllowing me to see 2010 .... obviously a lot of people didn't make it .... and unfortunately I had to lose some of the people that were and still are so close to my heart .. but God knows best and all I can do is trust him .... staying focused because I know he will bring me through and bless me tremendously { ~R.I.P Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle Allen ! ~ } 
had fun today ..... spent time with my Boo ... watching movies and stuff ..... reflecting on the years .... boy we been in this for a long time .... the boy got letters I wrote him in 2003 .. lol .. I was tripping off that !..... time has really went by ... it definitely doesn't wait on anybody !... well , ready to see what tomorrow has in store for me .... 
hoping that whatever < PROPMALE > decides we're going to do tonight is fun .... trying to end with a bang since my break is finally coming to an end .... and honestly its been one HELL of a break .... from the hospital , to the heart doctor , then my aunt's death , and her funeral on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , then my dad's surgery and all type crazy stuff !....... I had enough for a lonnnng time ! 
Had fun tonight ! ? ' s the Boo !..... hoping tomorrow is even better !!.... 3 more days then back to Florence !... which means back to the books !... UGH ! lol ...... God please don't let this semester be as hard as last semester !! 
back on camp ..... settled in .. FINALLY !..... now quick snack and off to bed ..... only one class and wrk in the a . m ...... thank GOD !!.. I miss my Mama and Papa Bear already .... lol .. and the Boo of course ! and everybody else .... seems like the break just wasn't long enough !... oh well back to the books !! 
today was relaxin ..... only one class and didn't do much at work .... hope this lasts and even if it doesn't I have made a vow to myself .. NO STRESS this semester .... like my mother said it ain't worth making myself sick !.... this year will be different I'm making changs to better me !!! 
is so proud of the Boo !... he going back to school !... YAY and TEAR !! lol .... I'ma miss him .... but as long as < PROPFEMALE > can crank up and go Ima definitely be visiting !..... it doesn't stop here we going all the way !! 
is super excited !!.... I saved a ton of money by renting my books on Chegg !... ppl you should really consider renting instead of buying !... now I can buy me a new pair of boots !.. lol .. YAY !........ I spent 97.10 when I would've been spending like $300 buying .... if you consider get at me for a code to get a discount ! 
had fun last night ... now Im up and bored .... bout to read this stuff for class then chill I guess ..... oh and remember buying textbooks is a thing of the past ... LOL .... Chegg dont buy em !... use CC113890 for a discount ..... Mood : Mellow 
is thanking God for his many blessings .... I am excited about life .... I will be successful and no one can stop me .... so devil you can try but you will be defeated .... trhough obstacles and I will jump right over them .... and keep going !... I've came to are and with the support and the faith that I have I know I will make it ! 
is going to Columbia for the weekend .... hopes that < PROPFEMALE > cooks this time !!!... lol 
so < PROPFEMALE > cooked lol ..... and the weekend was fun !.... getting my hair done tomorrow then back to Florence !!.... ( mission accomplished .... insider) !! YAY ! 
well , didn't make it back to < PROPFEMALE > tonight but I will be leaving in the morning ... definitely dreading the drive .. UGH !.... but oh well , fun's over !... at least I did accomplish what I came to and must say that this has been an INTERESTING weekend !.... you learn of new things everyday ! ( insider .. lol ) 
praying tomorrow is a great day and the weekend is even better !! 
is excited that so many ppl are Chegging !... lol .. Yay ! Promotion Code for Discount : CC113890 .... the best new thing ... buying books is a thing of the past .... LOL ... on another note : Im hungry !.. wsihes < PROPFEMALE > would hurry up so we could eat ! lol 
is glad to hear that my round is still my round ( < PROPFEMALE > McFadden ) ... YAY !!!.... thought that distance was putting a damper on the friendship ... :( TEAR !... glad to have that all cleared up .... guess it really is true that ppl come into your life for a reason , season , or lifetime .. more on that to come ! lol 
is looking forward to a productive week ..... passing my Chemistry quiz tomorrow will set it off !!.. fingers crossed , prayer sent up ! 
it's naptime .... super sleepy .. then up to do some work .... be back after these messages facebook ...................... lol :-) 
is up ... well rested and ready to study ! 
had a great day .... relaxed and just took it easy .... study , study , study tomorrow !.... MOOD : Missing the Boo ! :( ..... really thinking bout making that trip to St. < PROPFIRST > sooner than intended .... the meet last week just wasn't long enough ! Ugh ! 
super tired !!!... in desperate need of a nap !..... and still has a long day ahead .... class at 6 and studying for the rest of the day ! 
tonight was interesting .... < PROPFEMALE > Moultrie really got me into something this time .. LOL !.... totally wasn't expecting that !.... too much going on for me !.. WOW !.. on another note ... really feeling the Boo right nw to a whole nother degree .... he's totally being super nice !... Idk fb might be up to something ... lol ... oh well I like it ! 
is happy .... got to see the Boo this weekend .... AWW !... I had fun ! now its back to the books ..... Chem test coming up this week .... well its bed for now .... and then tomorrow Im hitting it hard !... Must and will pass this test !.. Night Night FB ! P.S. Im ready to go home !!.. Miss the Papa and Mama Bear ! TEAR ! lol 
thought I was doing something that was considered normal by staying away from home for a while and not going back and forth all the time ..... but when I tell ppl I aint been back since I left they look at me like Im crazy like how the Heck I do that and why !?!.... no wonder the parking lot be scarce on the wekends !! Dang !! LOL 
Chegging is cool !.... LOL .... so remember , Chegg don't buy ! Discount Code : CC113890 ... ( anyone can use it ) buying textbooks is a thing of the past !!.... thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Moultrie I was put on to a wonderful new thing !.. Renting textbooks !... almost Friday ... St. < PROPFIRST > bound .. finally ! YAY !! lol 
back on camp and back to business .... focused .... spending time with < PROPMALE > was awesome !... nice Valentines's wkend Babe !... and so much fun with Mama and Papa Bear ... but still mad I got a ticket 2nite ... could've so used that 15.00 to buy me something nice !.. oh well , he caught me this time .... lucky him I guess ..... but I was so not about to walk from wayyyy cross the way with all those groceries and stuff ... lol 
embrace who you are and celebrate your differences , never imitate others or allow your style and uniqueness to based on that of someone else . Love you for you ! 
you know its so true that people really do come into your life for a REASON , SEASON , or LIFETIME ... and sometimes people often hold grudges against the wrong people who are simply only there temporarily ... they weren't permanent so let it go and them .. and < PROPFEMALE > the people who are here to stay forever ! ? 
is really getting upset now ... UGH !... finishing my essay and calling it a night ! 
thanking God for a wonderful family !! They are a great support system and always there when you need them ! Im truly blessed ! ? 
is super tired !! Naptime for now then up to do my work if this website acts right !.. ugh ! Technology can sometimes be a pain in the rear !... > SN : Happy Birthday to my Roomy < PROPFEMALE > !! Hope you are enjoying your day whereva you are !... P.S. WE GOT YOU !! LOL 
Goal for today : get as much work done as possible , before Lil < PROPFIRST > takes over ! lol .. and for those of you who don't know him he's SLEEP ! lol Well , off to my last class for the day ..... later FB ! 
well , off to this play for Theatre !... it better be funny !! 
well the play was good ... must say it sucked being the only African American and having to sit there while listening to the actors imitate how slaves talked and stuff ... lol ... oh well not all situations in life will be comfortable .. lol 
on the road agian ... lol ... to St. George that is ..... weekend mission : getting everything on the to do list accomplished ! 
things happen so fast .... but God definitely knows best ... still can't believe that little Miss . Jaylen has so soon departed her life .... makes it seems even more true that ppl are here one minute and gone the next ... R . I . P Little Miss Jaylen < PROPMALE > December 28 , 2009-March 8 , 2010 ~ 
today was long !!.. Been up early .. didnt get a nap ..... had an appointment and accidentally left my phone home !.. I was totally lost without it .. lol .... and tonight's going to be longer .. got history to do and finish my lab report !.. Sucks to be me right now !! Ugh !! 
is so tired right now ..... I don't feel like doing anything right now .. so , IM NOT ! hahaha ..... going to bed unlike last night ! lol 
tonight was such a good night .... it's official .. I am now a member of < PROPFEMALE > KAPPA < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Inc ....... my oh so beautiful sorority ............ day and night , night and day I'll work hard for AKA and I'm proud to tell the world that I GOT MY PEARLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !! \ FMU Spring 2010\ " 25 U.P. #2 ! ~ Subdeuce ~ " 
Is thanking everyone for the Congratulations ! Love you all ! I am definitely a proud member of < PROPFEMALE > KAPPA < PROPFEMALE > SORORITY INCORPORATED ! I love my sisterhood ! \Skee-Wee\ " ~ Subdeuce #2 ~ " 
is going home today !! YAYYYYY ! I haven't been there in a while !... MOOD : Ecstatic : just left the pool from my new sisters and it just reminded me so much again of how blessed I am to have them and to be apart of my beautiful sorority : < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority , Incorporated ! All smiles this way ! 
is so ready for the end of the semester !.. definitely in need of a break ! 
is really disturbed about Patience ... seems like she went to the doctor for one thing then turns out 2 then 3 and 20 other things wrong !... why did this have to happen to ME !!!!!!!!! Ugh ! 
is feeling so loved right now ! :) AWWWW ! 
wishing the bestie < PROPFEMALE > McFadden a very Happy Birthday and to my wonderful grandmother Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > M . Felder Happy birthday you two !.. LOVe you Both ! 
is going to try and be as productive as I can tonight !! Please Lord be with me !... Im getting the end of the semester blues but no time to slack now with exams right around the corner and most important SUMMER VACATION !!!!!! Yay ! 
is ready for the weekend !... ATL with the Sorors ! :) Yay ! 
had a great weekend with the sorors ! :-) now back to the books for a short while .... ugh ! so tired ofschool and ready for a break ! 
3 exams down ! 3 to go ! So far so good ! definitely closer to the end now than ever before !... God is so good ! He has brought me this far I KNOW he won't leave me now ! 
2 exams t go ... gone rip them like all the rest .... then headed home sweet home on Tuesday ... funny thing is .. it's Monday and I haven't packed a thing ! and so not in the mood ! So not feeling like the packing thing but ready to go home ! ugh ! lol ... 
Well 1 exam to go ... counting the hours till Im out of < PROPFEMALE > and back in the Town of Friendly People ... LOL .. so ready to be able to jsut sleep late for a change and relax ... still haven't packed yet though so its going to be a lonnnnng night ! Urrrgh ! 
back home for the summer and so happy to be here .... now I need to find a job ! lol .. no need to let the summer pass me by and not make any money ! lol 
it's funny how some people will hold a grudge all their lives ... do people not know that you not liking me is only gonna hurt you in the end ... SHOUT OUT TO THE PPL WHO GREW UP !.. seriously .... I mean will you live in the past all your life ?... have to grow up sometime I thought .. guess some people are just exceptions to the rules !.. lol ... smh 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's! Be blessed ! 
looking through this stuff for this scholarship paper ... nothing else to do might as well be productive .... really need some scholarships .... and a job .. lol .. hopefully that's in the making though .. but anyway God is good ... already did 2 yrs in college ... 2 more and a semester ( hopefully .. lol ) .... Although I had my ups and downs over this past year ... God brought me through ! And for that I am grateful ! 
its really time for some new pics ! 
was looking forward to the summer now that its here I don't have much to do but better than being at school stressed out . lol ... but I must find a hobby ! Huhm ? Wonder what it will be .. SN : had a nice time with Tye today looking forward to the next time .. awww ! lol :) 
yesterday was nice ... hope today is better and tomorrow is great ! 
< PROPFEMALE > got < PROPFEMALE > last night but could have been worst ... Thank God for life ! 
spending time with the Boo .... bout to watch some movie ... SN : things definitely happen for a reason and some things I can't be mad at because they make you realize so much ... gotta get this thing back right ... we belong together ! ? and yes I love you < PROPMALE > M . Stephens ! 
callin it a night ... up early in the morning to take dad for surgery ... already claiming healing and a speedy recovery ... God has already worked it out ! 
dad's surgery went well ... thank God for allowing him to make it through fine and back home for recovery ... he is a might mighty good God ! 
code to rent books from Chegg for summer school to receive discount : CC113890 .. anybody can use it ! 
aww ! I feel so special right now ... da Boo just surprised me wit a < PROPFIRST > V bag .. so sweet ! Tear ! lol and remember code to rent books from Chegg for summer school to receive discount : CC113890 .. anybody can use it ! 
Wow ! There are a whole lot of June babies .... 12 more days until my big day ... wonder what it will hold ? As long as I live to see it will be enough for me ... and a little gifts won't hurt ! lol ... well Nite FB up early in the morning to go workout God knows it's been a while ! 
calling it a night ..... the Boo goes back to work tomorrow ... it's really bout to be boring now ! URgh ! can't wait until I start working !.. SN : praying that things in my life begin to change for even better .. just feel so blah lately like things are good but something just isn't right ! 
If my team win or lose ( and right now they doing pretty darn good ) Im still convinced that these games are Set Up !! Hey , they gotta make their money too ! .. but its gettin too obvious .. gettin 7 games this finals they made < PROPMALE > paper ! 
Thank you God for allowing me to see another year ! To be alive and well is the greatest gift that I could ever ask for today !! ( and a few material gifts wouldn't hurt either ! lol ) but seriously God is good and worthy to be praised ! I feel special already with all the b-day love ! Today is going to be great !! 
today is already off to a great start ... out with the Boo for a little while until he goes to work ! then movies with the family and later game night with Papa Bear and guests ! lol ... Fun continues on into the weekend ! Aww ! Loving my life and EVERYONE in it ! Mood : All smiles on this beautiful birth-day ! 
I am in total awe right now !! What a great birthday from start to ending !!... God is so good !! I had a blast today ! And then on top of that ... WHAT ABOUT THOSE LAKERS !!! lol must say they had me pretty nervous for a sec but nonetheless they WON !!!... SN : Thank you everyone for the birthday love ! You are great ! Muah ! :) Mood : ECSTATIC !!! 
Special shoutout to my FAMILY & da BOO 4 makin dis day xtra special .... he worked all night , slept for 2 1/2 hrs .. got up & still took me out for my b-day after I insisted I could wait so he could rest !.. he is the freakin best !! & he said Part II comin soon ! ? you < PROPMALE > M . STEPHENS ! Always & 4eva ! ... All :) ' s this way ! Nite FB ! 
bad weather on the way ... so guess I'll just relax for now .. then to the Hill later on 2nite with DJ Lady Tee ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) .. still so thankful for yesterday and its outcome !... best birthday I had in a while and you would think I did < PROPFEMALE > o much lol but just being around the ppl I love and what they did for me was < PROPFEMALE > special ! SN : Boo off to work .. miss him already ... but still the MOOD is : H ? ppy !! 
back home now ... wish I wouldn't have taken that nap earlier cuz now Im not sleepy ... oh well , guess I'll just wait until he gets off work and call .. ready for tomorrow ! Why ? Idk ! lol .. guess cause everyday is a blessing ! :) 
@ Skynyrds ... then back home church in the a . m ... birthday weekend almost over ... it was awesome ! 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO THE COOLEST , HIPPEST if thats a word , FUNNIEST , BESTEST FATHER IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD !! Keeps me laughing and always there to cheer me up ! Never a dull moment with him ! Love you Mr. < PROPMALE > ! I will forever be Daddy's little girl ! muah ! 
needs to be sleep ! training in the a.m. but as usual I took a nap and now Im not that sleepy but thinks that this shower will surely do the trick .. hope so anyway , if not oh well doubt I'll be real sleepy becasue Im too excited ! lol thank GOD for my job back !!! 
BET Awards was nice ... now calling it a night .. work in the a.m. and Im excited !!.. feels so good to be able to say that ! lol .. YAY ! Miss the kids ! ready to see them again this summer ! 
is praying for a friend , my soror , and church member lol < PROPFEMALE > Stephens ! Hopes that it is Gods will for her to be Miss . South < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Good Luck < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had fun with the girls today Tazzie and Kristle ... didnt do much but just sittin around and talkin was fun enough .. lol ... now looking forward to what tomorrow brings for us ! YAY ! lol :) ' s this way ... now off to bed cause Im tired !! Nite Nite FacebooK ! 
has had a great day ! hopes tomorrow is even better and I know it will be ... I mean hey , he says he's taking me shopping ! YAY ! Gotta ? em ! Goodnight ! Have to be well rested ! lol 
is really sad ... Kelsey(my hair ) will grow one minute then the next minute she having complications ... didnt know it would be so much to take care of hair .. lol well guess this means time to get back on track with my hair apptments if that even helps !.. Ugh ! guess its just our time to go through .. lol .. so sad ! :( 
Stepped out of my element for just a minute ... forgot how public facebook was .. lol ... but Im back .. and family no worries no one will never ever make me anything that Im not ... at least you knw me .. lol and that wasnt me !.. another side ... SN : @ Mrs. Marthas bday party nxt stop < PROPFEMALE>' party @ da Now Ladies 
is blank ... going to bed .. work in the a . m ... OAN : really wish ppl would get their priorities straight and grow up ! Can't be a kid forever !.. do something in life worthwhile ! You only get one shot ! No one owes you anything !.... God I pray that you help me to stay on the right track ! Mood : So :( URGH ! 
trying to get used to not being with the Boo all the time because soon we'll have to part again ... but God knows he aint makin it any better calling me saying he feel depressed without me .. gotta love him ! ? SN : callin it a night , x-rays in the a.m. 
tuned into to Love and Basketball ..... this movie is so good ! remembering why this was always one of my favorites ! :) 
really wishes that < PROPFEMALE > Footman would stop it with all the sweet and heart touching comments ! lol .. its really bringing back so many memories and tears to my eyes ! lol .. literally ... time has really went by and time has brought on so many changes ! 
So I like what I see when I’m looking at me When I’m walking past the mirror\ 
No stress through the night , at a time in my life Ain’t worried about if you feel it\ 
Got my head on straight , I got my mind right I aint gonna let you kill it\ 
You see I wouldn’t change my life , my life’s just .. fine fine fine fine fine fine whoooo ~ MJB ~ .. after I actually listen to the lyrics of this song .. its so real 
is feeling some type of way !!.. and really wish I didn't! makes things so complicated ! Urrrghh ! 
loves my new computer !... had fun shopping yesterday !!.. ( Its so addictive !. ) . and a great day spending time with the Boo .... so sleepy now , so callin it a nite ... CPR training in the a.m. 
loves the feeling of being accomplished !!!.. no more procrastinating !! 
revival was really good last night made me sad that I missed it on Tuesday but excited about going the rest of the week ! SN : Thanking God for the things he has done , is doing , and will do in my life . He is worthy to be praised ! God I will trust you that you will bring me out of every situation that you bring me too even better than I was when I went to it ! 
dad begins his journey tomorrow !.. knowing that this is all going to end up amazingly great !!.. Knowing , believing , and trusting that God will bless us as he has already been ! God is truly great and I have learned to praise him even during the storms !! He will bring you out !.. for he sometimes allows them as a test of your faith , well God we trust you ! 
just skyped with my cousin Shontay in Texas ! 1st time skyping .. it was sooo cool ! Technology is a beast ! lol she gave me a tour of her house online .. lol So amazing ! 
Thanking God for Chegg.com! Gonna save hundreds for my books once again this semester !.. and God knows that I need the extra cash ! lol Discount Code : CC113890 <<< anyone can use it ! :) 
should be sleep because its FMU bound in the morning !. so headed to bed now .... long day ahead with all this stuff I got to pack and unpack .. oh well , it has to be done .... SN : guys dont forget , Chegg.com ' em ! lol Discount code : CC113890 Bow ! lol :) 
back on camp and finally settled in ! Thanking God for my parents for I couldnt have done it any of this without them and of course the Boo lol ?..... looking forward to a very successful semester ! claiming that God has great things in store for me and very excited about it !!.... so here I go , back to the books but for now a nap ... exhausted ! lol Mood : Motivated 
time to start my day .. boy wast that sleep needed !... hoping that the day ends with me accomplishing everything that I need too today and is great !! 
today was a lonnng day ! Longer than I wanted it to be .... now its time to lay it on down .. hair appt in the a . m ... 
Don't forget to Chegg ' em ppl !!.. your books that is ! Discount Code : CC113890 Happy renting ! lol Goodnite Facebook ! 
kinda excited about starting classes ... I guess until the work gets too intense ... lol but hopefully it wont be so bad ! Im prayed up !! :) So , this is going to be a great semester ! God is going to work things out in my favor , after all he does favor me ! lol ... SN : havent seen anyone from my hs here yet at FMU ! Dang campus aint that big , maybe tomorrow ! 
headed to classes for today , really hopes that this getting up early and not being sleepy lasts all semester !! but I doubt it , seriously doubt it ! lol SN : Discount Code for Chegg.com-CC113890 
time for a nap until my Dip meeting !!... SN : went to the bookstore today and they robbing ppl ova there lol ... rent em while you can ! Discount Code to rent books from Chegg.com CC113890 .. 
callin it a night ... 8:30 in the a.m. urggh ! lol Already know that Im gonna hate Tuesdays and Thursdays !.. but still gonna rip it !! lol study ! Study ! Study hard this semester ! Key : No stress just hardwork , constant prayer , and no procrastination just dedication ! I got this ! 
well the first mini week of classes out the way and so many more weeks to go .. lol but Im ready !... however now Im takin a nap !.. been a long day , then up to get ready to hit the road to GA with the sorors ! :) 
laying it down for the night ... good weekend with the sorors and good laughs at the hypnotist show , now back to the books ! SN : miss the Boo already lol and its just a wk been with him tooo much this summer ! and no need to start on how much I miss my Mama and Papa Bear and the fam lol 
is really gone dread Tuesday and Thursdays this semester !... super long days , feel like Im back in high school except with no lunch break .. lol guess Ima have to < PROPFEMALE > lunch .. lol 
looks like everyone going out but me ! Tear ! I feel too bad for that tonight ... nose just started and head is so light ... looks like dinner , meds , and bed for me !.. next time , maybe ! * Sigh .... at least I'll be well rested for the drive home tomorrow ... SN : Sorors beautiful job tonight as usual ! ? 
is really happy I came home ... had a good time sitting up last night laughing and talkin with the fam , cooking fish and shrimp 1 in a.m. lol .... now off to Charleston in a few ..... MOOD : happy , always a good time with family SN : for those who haven't gotten books yet , CHEgg.com ' em ! lol Discount Code : CC113890 
callin it a night ... back to < PROPFEMALE > in the a . m ... weekends are sinply too short but it was good .. got to be with the fam and the Boo ... definitely always a good time with them !.. now back to the books , weekend got me off track a lil .. lol 
well the Boo made it to his destination safely , now he begins the next chapter in his life !... in the meantime , I gotta get my mind right ! lol so I can successfully complete mine .. just really not focusing like I should ! I need prayer ! lol no , seriously ! Mood : Agitated ! Urrggh ! 
really wish I knew the reason to why things happen ! People always say and even I say , that everything happens for a reason but you know it would really help out a lot to know what those reasons are a lot of times .. sure wold make me feel better and Im sure a lot of ppl can agree .... 
at Crabby < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFEMALE > and Keita ... should not have been allowed to eat this much ! lol bout to leave and the fun continues .. gonna sleep good 2nite then back to the books !! 
had a blast in < PROPFEMALE > Beach today !!!.. food at Crabby < PROPFIRST>'s was great !.. walking the strip was great ! arcade , etc ... everything was great ! lol Just a great spur of the moment little outing !.. I wanna go back now ! lol but its back to reality !.. gotta hit the books and hard ! Tests coming up startin Wednesday ! 
today starts a new start in my life ... really haven't felt like myself lately , cant get into the swing of things , struggling to focus and retain , but I am determined to defeat Satan and that starts now , IM TAKING A STAND !... this semester is critical and must not let it get the best of me ! 
Happy Birthday to a beautiful , loving , and caring woman : my mother ! - Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! ( one who possesses so many wonderful qualities that if I would list them all it would definitely exceed the space for this status lol ) I love you Mommy and I hope you have a wonderful night ! ( Surprise ! Surprise ! lol ) I really appreciate you in my life and thank God for placing me with you ! Muah ! ? 
headed home in the a.m. , scoop the parents up .... next stop Columbia .. baby shower for the lil one !.. can't wait !! if anybody knows me then you knw I love anythng about a baby .. lol .. and wish she would hurry and come ! gheez < PROPMALE > , seems you've been wobbling forever ! lol SN : gonna lay it down for the night .. after a bowl of Fruit Loops ! lol 
had a great time in Columbia today !!.. so many laughs ! from my mama choking on the baby , to Shann not drinkin half an ounce , etc . it was so fun ! < PROPFEMALE > Moultrie said I wouldnt make it back to < PROPFEMALE > today and I didn't .. lol but moments like these are ones you can look back on and laugh about and I couldnt miss that for anything !. Well , callin it a nite church in the a.m. then back to school 
has been thinkn .. I really think ppl 4got what it takes to have a baby anymore .. it seems like the norm is becomin that as soon as a baby comes in2 da picture the relationship is doomed !!.. everytime u lay down with someone ladies/gents there's a < PROPMALE > u can get up knocked up or knock someone up lol so if he/she aint worthy enough to father/mother ur child then it just may not even be worth ur time ! : random thinking .. 
had so much fun at SAA's game night ... although I sucked at Taboo and cost my team points ... it was still fun !.. anxious to play again ... 2nd times gonna be the charm .. lol now bout to finish this work and call it a night ... SN : today was a wonderful day !! got a dream cathcer in the mail today from my parents and a card , yes , I cried it !! It was so sweet ! 
sittin at the hospital .. wishing that Miss . Irii didnt have to sit under the phototherapy light so I could hold her again .. lol she's so precious !!! Congratulations again LaQuinta < PROPFIRST > 
well , one test out the way for the week and I ripped it ! lol now one more in the a.m. , hair appt , then NC bound for the weekend .. so excited ! 1st visit , now thats surprising !... in the meantime , have to study ! 
made it to NC safe .. gheez seems like I been driving forever ! lol but glad Im here nevertheless ... great weekend ahead .. Goodnight facebook ! 
bout to head out with Tye for awhile and see what we can get into then back to the apartment for the night MOOD : Happy , however already dreading the drive back to camp tomorrow ! lol but in the meantine all smiles ! 
had a good weekend ... now back to reality or in other words back to the books lol OAN : RIP to < PROPFEMALE > and praying fore < PROPFIRST>'s recovery .. my prayers are with his ( my ) family ! 
is looking forward to getting my test back and having a good grade and haven't even taken it yet , that's because I know my God is good and he has already worked it out ! SN : today's gonna be quite long , but such a good day , I feel it already although Im kinda sleepy ! OAN : still praying for the Summers family , wish I could be there :( 
feeling confident about my tests !... patiently waiting on the results ... but for now , eat then nap time .. busy rest of the day ! 
calling it a night ! really tired ... this is bout to be some goooood sleep .... and Im gone ........ but just for a little while lol 
is really excited about the first Open House tomorrow !.. on that note time to lay it down and get some rest because gotta hit the floor at 6 ! Whoooooo ! that nap afterwards is gonna roc ! Always does ... lol night fb ! 
really enjoyed myself at church today ... was really tired this morning and didnt feel like moving but neverthelesss I got up and went .. my motivation was me just knowing that I wouldnt even be here if it wasnt for him and if I can make it to class each a.m. I can make it to serve my God one day ! SN : nap time Mood : revitalized :) 
bout to call it a night ... OAN : been thinking , mama always told me its not good to run from a situation when it gets rough all the time because sometimes you run into something even WORST !! SN : today was great ! Hopefully this week will be even better ! Determined not to let anyone steal my joy ! Prayer changes things ! :) 
hates it when people complain all the time !! Ugh ! Never satisfied about anything ! It's really a pet peeve ! OAGN : my advisor made me feel better today and really offered some great advice ! Its as if she knew how I was feeling and going through .. now I know what I have to do just gotta get to work !! I can do this ! Encouraging myself !! 
going home tomorrow ! and I am so excited ! I feel like packing up and leaving now ! lol but I'll wait till after the heart walk .. lol ..... havent seen my Papa and Mama Bear in over a month !!... gheez I miss them and everyone ... can't wait to see and be with my family ! They freakin ROCK :) SN : play was interesting , good job < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Adkins 
had a great weekend ! but now back to the books ... really excited about the Carn-Evil Masquerade on Thursday @ 7 p.m. hosted by us ( the Diplomats ) , UPB , and Residence Life ! It's gonna be a fantastic event and you ought not miss it !!! SN : in the meantime gotta study , test Friday 
back from the debate and it was a great first experience .. very heated and a lot of verbal attack ... Hey , I enjoyed it ! lol Both Sheheen and < PROPFEMALE > have good viewpoints but the decision has got to be made and minds pretty much made up so November 2nd I shall be at the polls making my vote count ! SN : time to eat , study , then bed 
Happy Birthday Aunt < PROPFEMALE > ! May you forever R.I.P , you may be gone but never ever forgotten ! I will forever love you ! Still hard to believe that you're gone , everything happened so fast but you will live on in our hearts forever ! 
putting on my costume .... bout to head to Carn-Evil at the UC ... excited !! lol big event for the Dips , Residence Life , and UPB tonight ! 
guess I'll just watch some tv .. feeling kinda lonely right now ... lol wishing for some fun and excitement tonight lol doubt that seriously lol wishing I was a kid again so I could go trick or treating ! lol 
doesnt look like anything fun is coming my way tonight .. darn it ! lol maybe better luck tomorrow .. SN : sometimes wish I could turn my mind off and stop thinking because it aint always good for ya ! lol too much can have damaging effects lol 
guess Ima find me something to eat and relax some more ... feels so good to be on break and not in class ! wish there was actually something to do , but resting is perfectly fine with me ! 
back on camp ... now back to the books .. being with the family was fun as usual while it lasted ... fall break was def needed 
confident about my test today , few careless mistakes but nevertheless I know I passed it !... and just found out that I made a 100 on my Psychology test , boy I tell ya its just getting better and better ! lol SN : really sleepy from staying up late studying last night , gonna sleep good tonight after I feed my face lol 
had fun with my sorors last night at USC's stepshow .. back in the < PROPFEMALE > now , just wanna relax tonight watch a lil t.v. for a change lol ... gotta lot of work to do tomorrow though and it all must get done !!.. gotta GPA to maintain and a degree to obtain ... and Im on it ! lol ~ GONNA be successful . End of story ! 
what a day !! a long , long day and it still isnt over yet !! SMH the busy life of < PROPFIRST > lol 
My unlce ended his battle with lung cancer today , no more pain and suffering . Remembering that weeping may endure for a night , but joy cometh in the morning ! Praying for my family that we will make it through , yet another hardship . R.I.P Uncle < PROPFEMALE > 
is going to go crazy with all this work I have to get done with all that's on my mind and so little time to get it all done ! again , thinking can really be detrimental ! lol Giving it all to God though for he knows best ! 
Gheeeeez ! Im supposed to be doing work but this game seems to be getting a little interesting so I wanna play ( since I didnt get in on the last game ) , but only for a little bit since there is work to still be done . lol so ask me some questionsss ! lol 
Q : Are you still dating the guy that you have been with forever lol if so when yall getting married ? A : Yes . He'a great guy and I love him ! Married ? Not anytime soon !! lol 
Q : could u see us hookin up ? A : well , Im in a relationship and its good so I dont see myself hooking up with anyone right now lol 
Q :D id you know that I appreciate our friendship more than you'll probably ever understand , and that I wish we could have more fun times together before we take that final step into the mean and ugly real world ?? :-) \ 
A : Yes I do and I appreciate our friendship soooo much too ! I love you Pookie lol and we really do need to get together more ! 
Q : Am I gonna get an invite to the wedding .. whenever to whoever ? A : OF COURSE ! You must share in my special day because you're special ! 
This game is fun ! lol or either Im just making an excuse to take a break from all this work .. lol keep em coming friends ! lol 
Q : did u kno that a girl like u makes me wana hav a real girlfriend ? A : Aww ! That was sweet ! and no I didnt know . thanx 
Q : can i get yo number A : If I wasnt in a relationship Hun lol 
Q : do u know that im so glad i spoke to u that day in math lab , because now ur one of the best friends that i have and i know if i needed someone to have my back or hold my life in there hands it would be u lol A : Aww ! Tear ! Me too Boo ! The feelings are def mutual ! 
Q : can i take u out dat ( relationship ) A : well Im happy so nah Im good :) 
Q : do u think Im attractive and can i get < PROPMALE > know u A : Yes ; get to know me ? well Im taken so that might not be a good idea lol 
See what you did Darrius Daniels now nobody wants to ask me questions anymore ! lol 
Q : y we never got together ???? A : because I had a bf 
Q : did u think i was attractive , n rate me ??? A : Yes thats all the rating you need lol 
Congrats to the neos ! You girls did a beautiful job tonight ! Made a wise choice to become a member of the first and the finest sorority < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Incorporated . Make the letters ladies , dont let them make you but live up and support the values of our oh so lovely sisterhood . SN : study a bit more , pray , then bed . Mood : irritated have GOT to shake these feelings ! Ugh ! 
Riot of the Rim , then home , funeral tomorrow .. really not up for the drive but last time to tell Unc goodbye !... so Saint < PROPFIRST > bound for a day .. then back to the books ... matter of fact its crunch time gotta take the work with me ! lol SN : gettin the feelings together , slowly but surely ! Trying to think less and keep myself occupied and surely there is enough to do !! lol 
really wishes that things could go back to being the way that they were , but afraid that that will never be , because at the end of the day our friendship is what matters the most 
food almost done , eatin , then relxing tonight ..... 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way !!! 
really wishes I didnt go to sleep when I got back here because Im wide awake and nothing to do ! feelin kinda lonely lol OAN : really wants some icecream and went grocery shopping and still aint get none ! smh lol 
church was good this a.m. , hey , got up this morning in a good mood altogether so I knew it would be a great day , almost finished cooking dinner know its gonna be great lol , maybe a nap now exhausted from cooking lol , then up to eat dinner and finish my work ! 
it hasn't been perfect and some mistakes have been made but with each mistake was a lesson LEARNED , and they have only made me value the ? we share so much more ! What we have is def special ! Your a great guy and Im a great girl lol NEVER to be compared to any other ! SN : missing the Boo , been almost a month , cant wait till Thursday ! 
in Charleston at Trident .... looking forward to dinner tomorrow !! feels so good to be home again on a semi-happy occasion ! lol 
Happy Thanksgiving fb friends !!! Hope you had a good one and enjoy the rest of the night ... I had a great time with my family , today starts the day that we bring tradition back alive and Im excited !! lol now off to see what Black Friday has good for me ! lol La'Tazzie Calloway and < PROPFEMALE > Footman hope yall ready !! Indeed its bout to be crazy in Charleston but Im ready !! 
never imagined I would be up this late tonight ... oh well bout to lay it down now ... Thanks a lot to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Free , Meyoshi < PROPFEMALE > , and Lashanna Dedakation Green for being here for me during my time of need ! lol You guys rock ! lol I feel so much better now !! SN : break was great , ended too soon but nevertheless back to the books for a few wks to end this semester with a success ! 
I am soooo looking forward to the Fashion/Talent Show tomorrow at 7:08 hosted by your pretty girls in Pink of the Iota Xi chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Incorporated in Chapman Auditorium , and you should look forward to it too and come out and support us and your friends ! It is gonna be a great show ! 
Fashion/Talent Show show was great !! Good job participants and contestants and to those of you who put the show together ! You all did a beautiful job tonight ! Really enjoyed the show ! Those of you who didnt come sure missed a fabolous event ! SN : time to study now , back to the books well after I eat lol !! 
Cold ? Warm up with a cup of hot cocoa and a < PROPFEMALE > snack being sold right now in the Founders Hall/ CEMC Brezeway by your FMU Diplomats !! Thanks for your support ! :) 
been thinking lately of things that I thought I would never be able to do or assignments I thought I would never make it through and as I think , each and everyone got done and each task was completed , just when I thought it was impossible God showed me that all things are possible through he that strengthens me ! 
well what do you know , my phone has magically begun to work again , hope it keeps it up , really wasnt up for going to Verizon tomorrow , maybe I can wait now till the actual upgrade date but must admit its < PROPFEMALE > time for a new phone and Im ready !! lol 
just woke up from one of the best naps ever !!... so refreshed and starving !!! lol really dont feel like cooking but girl gotta eat .... so off to the kitchen to whip up something good ! lol SN : jealous that it snowed in NC today , < PROPMALE > on the phone going on and on lol and it just started feeling like Winter here ! smh lol Mood : content , pop in a movie maybe and just relax 
just went outside since earlier today and it is so cold ! lol and OTN : Happy Founders Day to the ? ICB of < PROPFEMALE > Phi < PROPFEMALE > Fraternity Incorporated !? Skee-Phi ! 
so it's official , Im a night owl ! Slept all day and now Im wide awake , seems like I just can't function as well in the day as I can at night , oh well get it together soon enough OAN : hates when the things you try to clear from your mind are the things you continously think about and have images of !! Urggh ! lol smh everything happens for a reason ! 
well two exams down ( the hardest 2 at that ) , now one more to go tomorrow ... praying that God makes a way because he knows that 1st exam was a struggle ! lol but he has brought me this far and I know that he will continue to make a way ! About to head to the Sista Project then back to the books for the rest of the night again lol SN : tired and in need of a break but its litearally right around the corner now YAY ! lol 
officially done with exams !.. Thanking God for making a way !!... this semester went by pretty fast , good to be free from schoolwork for a while though , clean up my room ( it's a mess ) , pack up , get a bite to eat , stayin in the < PROPFEMALE > tonight , then it's home sweet home for the holidays !! Mood : Happy and feeling pretty accomplished ! GOD is < PROPFEMALE > good ! 
guess I'll just lay here and think about some things till I fall asleep ... ready to go home tomorrow .. my work here for the semester is done ... however , right back next week for graduation lol but then its really home till January .. lol well nite FB 
shower , then I-95 South towards Saint George .... home sweet home ! :) Lord knows there's no place like it ! 
did nothing all day after church but sleep and relax ... just like I like it ! Oh the joys of holiday break ! All smiles ! Watch a lil t.v. , wish I had somebody to talk to though , the Boo has checked out on me ! lol 
phone broke again ... just ordered another one ... so thankful right now because that wouldnt be possible if it wasnt for < PROPFEMALE > M . < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks bunches !! ? SN : ready to do a little Christmas shopping but not much , on a budget ! lol Praises to God that this holiday season is so far better than last year .. last year this time things were just about to get real crazy !! lol but even from that still I stand and stronger ! 
no luck tonight going to Purple Tree .... 30.00 at the door !? Wtheck !?! lol They really done lost their minds ! A celebrity mustve been in there we aint know bout ! lol well better luck next time ! lol 
really wishes my phone comes today in the mail , tired of getting text messages and not being able to read them ! lol its realy gettin sad now Man ! lol well , fingers crossed sure dont want to drive back to < PROPFEMALE > with this broke thing ! God forbid there's an emegergency and I gotta voice dial , half the time the lady barely understands what Im saying ! I will be in a fix ! 
phone came in the mail today ( I'll be back in business soon ) , just confirmed my schedule for good this time I hope anyway lol , God is just so good ! He keeps on blessings me and Im so thankful ! Now gotta get ready , was tryna be in < PROPFEMALE > before dark but doesnt look like that is going to happen . Oh well ! MOOD : Happy ! 
Back in the ole < PROPFEMALE > @ Applebees with Ashley .. wondering what we gone get itnto ... 
Such a long day .... * sigh * 
Congrats to all the 2010 college graduates and a special congratulations to my wonderful sorors who graduated !! Wish you all the best in your future endeavors ! Love ya and will miss ya ! SN : long weekend , but it was great , went to see the lights tonight and they were so pretty ! full and tired so callin it a early night 
looking good , feeling good , smelling good ! lol Skynrds bound .... good laughs coming shortly I just know it .. lol 
sleepy as usual !! sometimes I think I have a disorder lol then again I am always up till the sun comes up lately .. or just a few hours before it comes up then I cant help but sleep all day .. gotta get it together !.. college has me all messed up lol ... well not tonight , goodnight world ! 
about to go and do a lil Christmas shopping havent done any yet and it's already 4 days before Christmas !! smh time doesnt wait on nobody !!... well , hopefully I run across some good deals because Im on a budget !! lol SN : in a good mood ! just been extra jolly lately lol really feeling the holiday spirit ! 
well off to try this Christmas shopping thing once again ... hopefully Im successful this time !! 
Christmas was great !!... thanking God for seeing another Christmas and a BETTER one by far than last yr ... enjoyed spending time with my family .. always good times and laughter with them ! Looking forward to a wonderful New Year ! 
loving spending time with the little cousin , LaQuinta Irii'sMommie < PROPFIRST > , she's so sweet until she has a fit but then she's back sweet again ! lol and now she's sleep for the fourth or fifth time today ! lol 
Me and Irii up watching t . v .... she had her food now I gotta find me a snack ! Lol goodnite fb 
time to reflect upon 2010 before the New Year comes in .. gotta see what worked and what didnt ... then make positive changes for the New Year ! 
my rabbit is being EXTRA nice lately .. Lord I hope she aint bout to die !! Havent had this much fun with her in a while due to her mood swings Lol ... seriously though 
bout to head to the store with Mommy ... hope she buys me something or somethings ! Lol just might be able to convince her that I need some more stuff . Lol 
at this game feelin like I been gone from high school for longer than I have been I dont knw half these kids lol smh 
on my way to church ! Praise God ! Sure gotta pray about this packin thing , so nt feelin it lol smh OAN : feeling greeeeat !!!! 
back on camp ... not quite settled in and unpacked yet but nevertheless I made it back safe , thank GOD !!.... had a list of stuff to do tomorrow but doesn't look like I'll be doing much with the \expected\ " weather and everything closing up ! lol " 
dont know why I thought I could unpack all this stuff tonight and get my room back in order ... should have beeeeeen went to sleep cause I still aint done , now gone be sleep all day lol smh Nite Nite Bookers ! 
today was fun , slept half of it lol ... just came back in from snowball fighting , learned how to play Spades , still got a long way to go but Im getting it ! lol now time to eat , food done and Im hungry !! 
room clean enough ... bout to lay down and watch some movies ! bored but relaxed .. 
gheeez dont knw what movie to watch lol smh 
needs to be sleep so I can be well rested for class but I aint even sleepy ! smh maybe I should start a movie I already saw that always does the job ! guess its Marriage Counselor cause I sholl aint watchin a scary movie by myself ! smh lol no way !! 
Up and off to a great start ! Waiting on the teacher to come so I can officially begin the semester ! Excited ! Knw that only great things lie ahead .. thanking God in advance ! Oh what a great day this will be ! :) 
at the game .. then back to the room to cook dinner ... today has been great !! :) great first day of classes ... nw if only I could find these last two books for cheap and it would be better ! 
looking forward to another great day !!.... OAN : Happy Founders Day to the women of < PROPFEMALE > Sigma Theta !!!! LaQuinta Irii'sMommie < PROPFIRST > dont feel too special !! lol and before you even say something , I LOVE YOU TOO ! lol 
1st wk dwn , now @ the hair salon about to fall asleep like last time , smh but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do ! Lol OAN : had fun last nite havent been out in 4ever and boy I was Hot if I must say so myself ! Lmbo ... and now its back to All wrk and no play ! Lol 
It was in 1908 , 103 years ago ! Soror < PROPFEMALE > had a dream and God saw that her dream came true ... and then it was , the FIRST and the FINEST sorority was founded : < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Incorporated !!! Being a part of this sorority was one of the BEST decisions I have ever made !! I LOVE AKA !! To Iota Xi and all my sorors , Happy Founders Day ! ? 
I'm pretty one time\ 
I'm pretty twice\ 
This AKA is pretty nice\ 
... \ 
I'm pretty three times\ 
I'm pretty four\ 
I'll have your man beating down my door\ 
\ 
I'm pretty five times\ 
I'm pretty six\ 
No other sorority can imitate this\ 
I'm pretty seven times\ 
I'm pretty eight\ 
Even in my sleep I look great\ 
I'm pretty nine times\ 
I'm pretty ten . \ 
You love me once , you'll love me again 
today was definitely a serious matter !! Great Founders Day with the sorors !.. Leaving the Beach on the way back to camp to be alone lol but no partying for me tonight .. Oh yea , I am a beautiful woman of AKA and I RocK ! :) 
not your average girl ! Im better than her ! gheez , I love being me !! lol Not only am I a pretty girl who rocks , Im truly one of a kind ! You'll never find another like ME !! Blessed !! and thankful to God for his many blessings and for being the woman I have become , looking forward to many more great things in life ! 
great church service today .. I needed to that word .. was at NEBC but Good Hope was on my mind ... thanking God for his many blessings and for whats still to come ! 
I dont care what the astronomers say or anything about the Earth shifting , I will always be a GEMINI !! People got tattoos and stuff of these signs I mean ppl really believe in those daily horoscopes now they want to change them , OH NO WAY ! lol 
great day of service with the sisters ! now its naptime since someone can't come visit me !! Urgh ! Hate not being able to get my way and this is getting frustrating ! lol oh well , I'll survive ! OAN : Happy MLK day ! 
Being hacked by her < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > she needs to be sleep !!!!!!!! 
anybody good with printers and computers and stuff like that ... really need my printer to work !! and my computer is saying that its installed and everything but its not working !! Somebody , anybody please help ME ! lol 
so in need of a nap ! and I cant wait till this class is over !!! Really gotta get my sleep pattern in order because this aint gone wrk ! Ugh ! SN : taking it one day at a time all I can do anyway 
really focused on this work ! ( bout time .. lol ) finished cooking , bout to eat , then back to the books for a lil while I guess .. then think myself to sleep as usual lol 
every semester there's always that one class that I cant seem to stay awake in ! welp , guess this semester that class will be Music ! Smh its too boring ! 
< PROPFEMALE > bored right now .. and kinda hungry , maybe I should cook or go get something to eat !! SN : everyone in my apartment must be gone , it's TOOO QUIET !!! lol feeling kinda lonely :( 
and we end up at Creek Ratz .. oh the Adventures with Ashley ... lol nice to try something new though every now and again ... better than being bored at the room alone lol ... 
where's my < PROPFEMALE > godmother when you need her ?? lol I just need three wishes or maybe four or five or six ! haha 
just made a great dinner !! now its time to eat !! then relax I guess and just take it easy for the rest of the night ... 
nothing like that good ole Sunday nap after a good church service on a full stomach ! Oh yeaaaaaaaaaa !!! :) Thanking God for another day ! 
God blesses the child that has his own ! and that a lone is reason enough for me to continue striving for success ! 
yesterday was GREAT , today was long , but AWESOME ! actually looking forward to what the rest of the week will bring , hope nthing but GOOD things !.. but for now I need a nap ! lol ........ 
just came back frm the Health Fair at the UC ... everything checked out good , except my BMI tryna say Im really close to being overweight ! Huh !?? Wats up with that ! Need to diet I guess ! Lol smh .... well just got comfortable , naptime ! 
I tell ya I have the weirdest dreams !! and like most ppl dream every now and again or some nights , uh uh not me ! I'm always dreaming ! even when I take naps ! lol smh If I believed all these dreams I would be crazy !!!!! lol 
just me and Pandora tonight ... OAN : really gotta get my sleep pattern together because this staying up all night is not working !!! guess I'll start with shorter naps and less procrastinating , yes Im a college student but I can do a little better ! lol Not getting the proper rest that I need is just making me be tired all the time ! Ugh ! 
people will only use you for as long and as much as YOU ALLOW them too ! Until you decide it's enough they will keep on getting while the getting is good !! <<< Im just sayin , but its true .. 
and my changes officially begin tonight ! Know it's going to be hard but I can do it !! Hardest task is sticking with it and not going back to the same old habits ! * Sigh * You got this < PROPFIRST > lol nothing like Self-Motivation ! ? 
learned some interesting things in class today about dreams ! Oh gheez , are my dreams really things that I wish to fullfill !?!? Can't be ! Because some of those dreams I have are really , well we'll just say not good ! lol SN : good day so far , naptime till wrkstdy then scholarship program and back to the books .... 
seems like everybody gettin it in tonight , guess I should get up and bless these spots with my presence haha just sooo lazy tho ! and the rain aint making it no better , just wanna lie in bed and Netflix it ...... Idk ...... * sigh * 
all the Roomies gone now ... just ME , Pandora , and this work and maybe a movie(s ) later !... time for me to go home too shoot lol I miss my Papa & Mama Bear , fam/friends !.. * sigh * guess I'll be productive and make the best of it ... 
Tye just asked could he be my < PROPFIRST > ? I told him he had to put in an application cause I was having auditions ! lol He told me he ripped them all up when he came in the door ! HAHAHA now that was funny !! 
Wish I could be home with my Papa Bear watching the game ! Gheez , if I didnt have this 8:30 in the a.m. Saint < PROPFIRST > bound it would have been ! Oh well , guess I betta make the best of it here !.. Come on Steelers !?!? Wats really good !? lol 
Good game Steelers , Im still a fan !! at least we made it this far ! Packers aint have one in a while it was time for them to get another one ..... You guys came back and played a good game !! OAN : going to drop my < PROPFEMALE > off to the doctor then back to read and calling it a night ..... 
week going pretty good despite not sleeping well the last few nights .. still dreaming though and they only get crazier and crazier ! lol OAN : a test everyday for the rest of the week , praying to God my hard work pays off and I pass them all , claiming it already ! :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !! 
never allow yourself to be 2nd best , their loss , somebody elses gain ! < PROPFIRST > TheSuperstar Montgomery and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Free yall feel me !!?! < PROPFEMALE > I know you do ! hahaha OAN : getting it together slowly but surely ..... 
had a fun day with my fellow Dips .. and < PROPFEMALE > lol bout to call it a night , Open House in the a . m ..... SN : each day a little better , a little stronger , you got this < PROPFIRST > ! * insider * Nite FB Family ! ? 
hates it when the very thing(s ) I try to repress , I go to sleep and dream about it !! Ugh ! Lol 
Vote < PROPFEMALE > Manning for Homecoming < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !! OAN : If you still need your ticket for the Pretty Devestating Affair , this Saturday at the < PROPFEMALE > Fairgrounds , get at me ! 
had a nice time at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding ! Everything was beautiful ! Congratulations Mr. & Mrs. < PROPMALE > ! Wish you the best ! SN : gotta hurry and submit this work so I can get dressed and bless this PRETTY DeVaStAtiNg Affair with my presence lol ater FB ...... 
had a great weekend !! < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s wedding was beautiful , the party was PrettY Devestating lol Hey , best Homecoming wkend I had since I been here haha ... but now its back to the books , after this nap right quick lol 
hasnt anticipated a nap this much in a long time lol feels like I havent slept in days ! Im bout to be outtttt !! 
so excited ! Why ?! Im going home tomorrow !! Whoooo hoooot ! Haven't been home since I came back to the < PROPFEMALE > ! I miss my family !! Can't wait to see them ! 
Home SWEET Home !! awww feels so good ! All smiles this way ! but Im hungry !! lol time to go and get some food , wonder what Uncle < PROPFIRST > can hook up for me and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > at Skynrds tonight ... Hmm ?! Guess we have to go and see ... 
had a great weekend with my family and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! We must do it again sometime Roomie just a little differently haha ... I miss them already though , ready to go back but in the meantime back to these books till break .... 
* sigh * .... what a day it has been ! Definitely has some decisions to make but knowing that through it all what God has for me it is for me ! He already has it figured out just have to trust and believe ! Sometimes where we want to be and what we want is not what he has planned for us ! 
decisions , decisions , decisions ! New yr was suppose to be about a better me , not that Im a bad person but there is always room for improvement in life & changes for the better , some things are working & some are simply not ! Time to re-evaluate some things & do what's best and healthy for me ! 
Great day ! Church in the a.m. so Nite Nite friends ! OAN : so although it's been said that the earthquake and tsunami hasn't done much damage where my < PROPFIRST > is in Japan I need to talk to him to be at peace ! Ugh ! Just need to hear his voice ! 
Really enjoyin this break ! Rest and relaxation and just spending time with family ! Couldnt ask for more right now 
felt so good to beat < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in Wordfeud ! All that junk he talked about him being the best and stuff haha I believe not ! Maybe next time < PROPFIRST > .... or not ! lol OAN : its already Friday , dang ! Spring Break , Spring Break where did you go ???!? Ugh ! lol 
Would like to wish a Happy Birthday to my best man , my friend , my father , Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Moote loves you papa bear with all my heart ! and I wish you many more to come ! & a Happy 89th Bday to my grandma in heaven ! ? 
Would like to say Congrats to the new members of DST that came out tonight ! And a special Congrats to my Boo Sineada McQuiller Smith You did your thing Boo ! Love you Hunny ! Skee-Oop ? OAN : Back hurts , feet hurt , tired , yep its bedtime & Im ouuuuuuut ..... 
feels horrible ! Fine time for me to be getting sick at the end of the semester ! Why couldnt this have happened when I was on break doing nothing !!?? lol My whole body aches , fever , sore throat , chills ! Bout to take some med and lay back down .... 
feels a lot better , still not a 100% .. but soon hopefully ! (: OAN : studying for this music test , Pandora on .... 
One yr ago I became a proud member of < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Incorporated ! Happy AKAversary to me and my 24 beautiful Ls's! I love yall ! Skeeeeeee-wee 
I know Im the best , Im the Im the best , Im the best he ever had , best he ever had ! haha feeling myself tonight lol Fun day today , turning Pandora on , study , then lights out 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy ! 1 more class then nap time Whoo hoo ! lol .... 
