would say 2010 is a success so far . 

alright . I need phone number before summer begins . and I want to celbrate the end of the year . Any takers ? 
today is my last day of being a sophmore . And this is the only day I will ever be able to say that . tomorrow I will wake up , and have the option to just lie there . I will not have a backpack until September . wow 
you know what's silly ? my mother , thinking I would share my ice cream . haha mom . haha . 
wrote a lil ' somethin ' somethin ' . 
I find it rediculous that facebook gives me the option to \like\ " a status or not . It forces me to look at someone's status and declare in front of all my friends whether I like it or not . That's just too much pressure . " 
just went canoeing and is slightly sunburnt 
has been editing and decided ... editing sucks . Bad . There is not a single thing more boring than editing . 
< PROPFIRST > from Twilight says ; \We consider ourselves vegetarian because we rely on the blood of animals\ " FAIL " 
is trying to fix his computer , with no prior knowledge of it's workings . 
wonders why he is so fat . 
back from camping . showers are splendid 
made an idiot of myself at the gym . I should be embarrassed , but I'm too humored . 
misses my VSAA family . How are you guys doing ? 
says \Hooray for most things ! \"" 
when to Idaho with family . Mostly just for the hell of it . I have never seen so many Idahoans at one moment in my life before ! Stand by for pictures tomorrow .... 
back from Idaho , and with the weirdos once again . Home sweet home . 
gone camping . Be back sunday-ish . Miss me . Wish me good luck . Hopefully < PROPMALE > will be back when I am . Bye . 
back from camping . If you're wondering , it was superb . Plans ? School's coming . We only got so much time .... 
is going to the mall soon . I guess I should be getting ready , but .... 
wishes he can cuss so he can describe how frustrated he is , but he has several respectable adults as friends so he cannot . So I'll just say this ; GOD POOPY NUTTY FLIBBERJEEWIBBETS ! 
We've learned how to make a living , but not a life . We've added years to life not life to years . We've been all the way to the < PROPFEMALE > and back , but have trouble crossing the street to meet a new neighbor . We conquered outer space but not inner space . We've done larger things , but not better things . We've cleaned up the air , but polluted the soul . We've conquered the atom , but not our prejudice . - < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
< PROPMALE > had so many interesting things to say 
has yet to regret waking up at 6AM . I don't know why you guys don't like it . Only 6AM feels like warm tea and blue air . 
faces his biggest challenge . I will survive , in the end . But in what condition will I turn out ? 
who loves 4 hours of sleep ? I do ! 
feels like chirstmas . I'm alone right now , so I don't feel like the festive kind've christmas . I feel like the cocoa-sipping-christmas tree-light-watching-in-the-livingroom-at-midnight kind of christmas . 
sometimes thinks the heart is the worst place to write from . 
realizes that nobody will take me seriously with the default picture I have . 
went on a date yesternight . I didn't realize it was a date until she said it was halfway through . I thought it was just a friendly ge t-t ogether among two friends . It was still nice though , putting all my ignorance aside . 
woke up , stayed in my sleeping clothes , had a small bowl of cereal , listened to < PROPMALE > Pope , going to take a shower , then get out a good book . All I need is to make myself some tea and I'll have all the ingredients for a good morning . 
Had a dream that I skipped class with Mr. Winkley . Later I saved a minit mart from giant killer bugs . I had a car that folded into a convenient suitcase . Also , I pulled some friends from a rampaging bus 
occasionally feels like Life's crash test dummy 
you know those moments when you have to pick up the pieces ? You ever think the pieces are already together , and you're just the missing link ? 
Woke up peacefully at 5:30 AM . I am now drinking hot cocoa and looking around my room , whose walls were once white but are now oddly blue . It's moments like these I feel closest with whoever this God guy is . 
is wondering what I should do . My heads spinning with energy , and I got nothing to do with it 
watch Thundercats for the first time in 8 years . Strangely , it reminded me of Zak York ...? 
Found all those classic singers and saved my iPod of musical mignorance . Hello < PROPFIRST > Sinatra , < PROPMALE > Torme , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Astare , and all you other musicians nobody my age knows of but from music soundtracks 
gets his car back from his moochin ' mom . 
woke up at 2 AM , yesterday and today . That's crap my friends . 
has something I need to not say . Which is much harder than having something I need to say . 
just survived my own driving with stick shift 
thinks it is completely respectable that his whole today is one big build-up for HOUSE's season premiere . Not sad . 
OH MY GOD ! HOUSE ! T-minus 4 minutes ! 
So I saw HOUSE . My life is closer to completion . But still so much to do . 
Did you know that apple juice and brushing your teeth makes apple cider ? 
even though Wikipedia is not a legit site , the fact that VSAA is on it makes me feel like it feel like a more legit school . 
even though wikepedia is not a legit site , the fact that VSAA is on it makes me feel like it's a more legit school 
it's monday . You know what that means .... HOUSE ! 
took a touf of life taking , snapping pictures with the camera behind my eyes . I made a scrapbook from them , but they're for me alone . 
feels very much like humming for the rest of life . hm hm hmmm 
wonders where the beauty hides today and where it shall find me . In recent days , it has has been me finding it , and I appreciate this change . 
is spending the night at a haunted graveyard with his cousin in early celebration for his birthday . Wish me luck on finding a ghost . 
I have just realized that every day of my life was Christmas , and my heart always held Spring . And no matter what time it was , I was always dreaming . This is another step towards enlightenment . 
my memoirs from eternity . Beyond time , brushing against the bounds of space . Within and without this universe . I can see this place . 
Life , Life , Life ... I think you and I are gonna need a little sit-down talk , yeh ? 
is trying to find the Quiet inside my Mind . 
Seriously just considered breaking ties and living as a monk in a < PROPFEMALE > in a far away country . I have not reached a verdict as of yet . 
flips bitches like pancakes . 
is very annoyed with how NEWS FEED on Facebook is not in chronological order . 
\had a bad night . I mean a night so bad I thought I was < PROPMALE > of the world . \ " Great quote . Thank you for existing < PROPFIRST > Montbleau . Sing your heart out . " 
thinks < PROPMALE > is very copacetic . Copy , for short . 
.......... 
thought I wouldn't eat for the remainder of November , but then the Tummy demanded more ... voracious tyrant . 
it's the first day of December ! Is it appropriate to go caroling and put up the mistletoe yet ? 
might be getting a mohawk . I figure I have about 10 more years until I'm unable to radically change my style and remain a functioning part of society . Someone help me convince < PROPFEMALE > Moelhman to give me a mohawk . 
wow . Within the last 24 hours in which I have had this badass haircut I have defeated Darth Vader in battle , caught < PROPMALE > Kong and sold him on the black market , and saved a kitten from a burning building which exploded in slow-motion ..... yeah , badass 
still has a grudge from when God took his superpowers . 
has alot of work to do . But if you detract the amount of homework I can't possibly do with the knowledge I now hold , and the divide it by the amount of motivation I'm trying to contain we end up with ... oh ! No work ! Yay 
Kringle , Kringle , make it snow . Red chimney sweep , lay a gift under my tree . Take some cookies in return . Until next year , I'll be seeing you . 
is not a pokemon ! 
It is Christmas . To some , a birthday for Jesus Christ . Others , another consumer's marketing trap . Other's again , a twisted and changed pagan religion . To me , it is a day to celebrate love . Not < PROPFIRST>'s Day love . But the kind of love reserved for those friends that were there last christmas , and will be there the next . Or a love for the season's . A love for existence in general . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
wonders what worth is in unexpressed love 
can shine . I'm sure of it . 
The year I move out to make young and reckless decisions . The year I accomplish good < PROPMALE > . The year I become one withthe universe and no longer have to poop because all my food turns to pure energy . The year we live anew . 2011 , here's to you . 
wants to change the world 
woke up to find that it's a new day and I can do whatever I want with it . Isn't that grand ? 
is young and hopeful and you have no idea how grateful I am about that . I can do whatever I want , and be whoever I choose . This world is mine to mold . I will achieve great things and share great things . I am the < PROPMALE > of this planet and I am young and hopeful . 
can dance 
when you get grounded for doing something you think is a small crime , it makes you want to do something real bad so you can justify the exaggerated punishment . 
To the 10% of you facebook friends that I added and don't really know : Hi . How are you ? 
I can breathe and that exuberates me . I can't believe how often I forget these things . 
wishes he had a witty and humorous status update . But since he is too tired to create such a thing , he'll just use this status . 
what's the point of being a licensed teen when fossil fuel is costing too much to drive ? 
make a wish ! 11:11 ! 
This paper is half research paper and half BS paper 
I do good because good is good to do . 
Life is complicated . 
is single . Still . 
Did you know hot cross buns actually exist ? My mom bought some from the bakery . I am going to try one for the first time ! 
... You guys ... Don't eat hot cross buns . 
I am flooded . Drowned . And this there is this stream of memories that flows through my mind . Sometime between here and back then , I became flooded . 
there is nothing more dangerous than reminiscence 
somewhere in all this is another damn thing to learn . 
well ... at least there is a showcase today . 
Isn't it strange how you can go to bed in a foul state and wake up completely refreshed . 
isn't it strange that money makes a man grown ? 
Wow , once I got started , I realized how little four pages of memoir really is . 
Cirque du Soleil was the most amazing thing I have ever seen in all of everdom . 
That's the plan . Rule the world . You and me . Anyday . 
why would life give me lemons ? 
is Gleeful 
loves . 
is anyone else still creeped out by that guy who came to our dance that nobody knows ? 
how we be ? 
I became the calm , Little center of the world . I'm the Zen master . Calm as Hindu cows . When I pass people in the hall at work , I get totally ZEN right in everyone's hostile little FACE . 
let the drummer kick . 
am I the only one who thinks \what can I write that will make other people ' Like ' my status\ " when writing an update on Facebook ? " 
drown kittens and blind puppies . 
happy mo fo's day . 
does it ever seem like the right and wrong thing are one in the same ? Sometimes there is no best decision . You can choose one thing or another , or nothing at all . It doesn't matter what you end up doing , it will end up with similar results , which will not be particularly bad or good because by now we know . That's just life . 
[ Insert something profound here ] 
Good day . Altogether good day . 
' Like ' this status and I'll post on your Wall something I like about you . Re-post as your status if you're up to the challenge . 
Beautiful day . 
Is it just me , or does anybody else feel like summer break is here and we are just dropping by school for the hell of it ? 
don't you hate it when you think you are a powerful space cadet sworn to defeat the evil emperor Zerg and then you find out you are a child's play thing ? 
Did a little spring cleaning . I have deleted 21 friends from facebook ! That means if you are getting this update , Congrats ! I actually reckognize your name . I have deleted all those pesky middle schoolers that I have never spoken too , as well as the people that said they knew me and I didn't remember their face but I pretended I remembered them and added them anyway . 
Cannot show my face in public for awhile . Until I fix my face that is . 
camping for the weekend . Be back Sunday in time for Swing . Miss me . 
Did you miss me ? 
has so much life to live for . 
is expanding to something grand . 
< PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Saw the funniest movie title the other day . Get this : \The 41 Year Old Virgin Who Knocked Up < PROPFEMALE > Marshalls and Felt Superbad About It . \ " Sounds like a must see to me . " 
You would think we wold sleep more during the summer , rather than get deprivation . 
It is a good day . I think my boxers are the best attire for a day like this . 
40+ year old cougars : I appreciate the compliment , but please stop trying to friend me . 
just beat Guitar Hero on medium . Hells yeah . 
has mastered some badass breakfast skills . I can crack an egg , fry it , fry some hash browns , and make toast one handed with either hand . \ 
When my ambidextrious poers are complete , I will finally be able to rule the world . 
If I were a wizard , I would invent a spell that would make me act as though I were from a musical and have all those around me immediately know my choreography . 
How did < PROPFIRST > get more friends than me ? 
Dinosaurs are Jesus ponies . 
thought of the perfect status ... but forgot it . 
You know what would be better than getting the sleep I need ? \ 
Going dancing again . 
Physics < PROPFEMALE > ? I don't know math , why would you sign me up for physics ? 
If Pokemon were real , what percentage of them would you think we would be eating ? 
The Sixth Sense is probably the best thing that has ever happened to Shyamalan . 
You would think in this day in age movies wouldn't have a fake cartoony sound every time somebody punches someone else . 
So when does Captain Underpants get his own movie ? 
has heard that Mosters Inc . 2 will be released in 2012 , an dI can't help but believe this is a reckless idea . 
wants to nominate Coby Folk as world leader . 
has discovered that in the state of Washington it is illegal to have sex with a virgin . So I gotta go outta state to lose my virginity ? 
First day of skipping school . 
< PROPMALE > Potter is about good versus evil and the importance of the power of love against the soul-stealing of hate . Twilight is about the importance of a boyfriend . 
Is anyone missing Christmas as much as me ? 
So I have pink eye and I think it looks pretty badass 
You are just dandelions and daisies . When all those people say otherwise , don't listen because you are simply fantastic . They don't matter . What matters is that you followed your goddamn dreams and stuck with it . So get out there champ . And be a champ like a champ . You hearing me chief ? 
Read my mind . 
Fight apathy . Or don't . 
I haven't been on facebook in a couple days and I am sad to discover that I have no updates . 
Saw an article of Westboro Baptist Church claiming < PROPFIRST > Bieber will lead < PROPFEMALE > to Hell . 
Hey guys , just < PROPMALE > here . Yep , just cigar smoking , porn shopping , issue voting < PROPMALE > . Nothing out of the ordinary . 
Today was a success . Now to survive another year . 
For honesty's sake , events should have a \Probably not attending\ " option . " 
When street lights go off when I am under them , I feel like an omen has just announced my death . 
14 people requesting my friendship .... \ 
14 people who are going to be ignored . 
My God ... Hey < PROPMALE > isn't wearing a kilt ... its an untucked shirt ... My poor childhood , ruined . 
I'm too much of a lightweight to have more than three sips of eggnog . 
The problem with getting dressed is that you need to get nude to do so , and it's too cold for that kind of nonsense . 
I am wearing briefs today . It's an odd change from the norm , but it seems warmer than boxers , so at least there is that . 
I wish I could get a tattoo that would countdown the days to graduation , then disappear . \ 
Also , I want a tattoo that changes with the weather , so I know what it looks like outside . 
And somehow , through all the difficult times we are forced into , we still find the time to taunt the neighbor's cat . \ 
It keeps us going . 
Oh , you know us kids . One minute we're superheroes , the next our arm has fallen off . \ 
Just give me a popsicle . I'll be fine . 
Sometimes I feel an indescribable emptiness within me , and I would search voraciously in my heart for what could possibly be missing in my life . \ 
Then I remember parent's liquor cabinet , and no one's home . 
Adventure is just one mistake away . 
And suddenly : Mistletoe ! Mistletoe everywhere ! 
Yes , we were naughty . Completely naughty . So , so very sorry . But just between you and us , it felt quite good . 
... But then I found half a cookie on the floor , and everything was better . 
If the fire dies burn me . Keep the cookies baking at all costs . 
Day 2 of being a badass . 
I have too many friends for it to be genuine anymore . Best start deleting . 
Me ( talking a peer ): \I wish I knew how to . \ " \ 
So .... my computer has a virus , and it's not allowing me to open any programs . My most cherished of which is iTunes ... \ 
I still have internet though . 
Never worn a cardigan before . We're making history . 
Slowly , but surely , I will be ruler of the world . One small act of kindness at a time . 
So they have a show making fun of Portlanders . 
\Stop crying before I punch you in your face . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Sundance Gonzalez " 
How is one to do all this research with so much stupid on the internet ? 
Totally did a wall flip . 
has this overwhelming sense of powerlessness . Reading about corrupt laws , an increasing gap between the wealthy and poor , a growth in crime , the decay of environment ... All of it appears unstoppable to one person . What can a single , poor , youthful to the point of no reputable credit person meant to change anything in the world ? \ 
I can't even decide when I'm allowed to go to bed . 
I had a bad night . I mean a night so bad I thought I was < PROPMALE > of the world . 
When I grow up I'm going to happy a crappy little apartment with a half dead car and a mediocre job and it will be incredible . 
Since when did < PROPFIRST>'s start making peanut butter ? My lips are stuck together . 
The most exciting part about learning the meaning of the universe is that I will finally understand why taking math that has nothing to do with anything is so important 
When it hails really bad it looks like God is salting us for an excellent meal . 
