$300+ worth of fireworks to do the new years some justice ...... and we got outdone by the neighbors who lit off $1000+ worth of fireworks , lol . happy new years . 

misses my fam . 
peligroso es mi nombre medio 
werkin 
ragin . 
lightin fireworks with ze nephew 
tonight was a night well celebrated . 
check out my all new state of the < PROPMALE > temporary website . http://j10oreo.x10hosting.com 
out to watch < PROPMALE > potter as i put on my robe and wizard hat 
meow mix meow mix plz deliver 
If you cross me , here’s how your life story would begin : Once upon a time thee end - Crooked I 
i'm dead after dragonboat practice . good night ( in the morning . ) 
took the nephew to see G-Force in 3d ... he thoroughly enjoyed the movie as I was fast asleep . 
headin to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow for a wedding . 
< PROPFIRST > Budden ; Escape Route >>>>> 
just played my first round of golf in 10 years .... got my first par on hole 13 . F YEAH 
have a killer headache and need to pack bags to head back to florida . nice time in < PROPFEMALE > seeing family i haven't seen in almost 15 years . 
back home . just me and my music . good times in < PROPFIRST > Land . 
lol ... i use to be unstoppable in madden while playing with the 9ers . it looks like they finally succeeded in making the 9ers suck . 
sigh .... dumb drive to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . good night . 
\my **** be in they head like psychology \"- < PROPFIRST > da 5'9\ " ( censored for G-rating approval ) " 
<--- needs opponents to dominate in madden . 
exhausted from dragonboat practice . 
35 minutes until 49ers take the field . fap twice for football . 
49ers vs Raiders was actually a very good game . Too bad A . Smith didn't have a better game . He looked good , but stats really make it look bad . Running game + O-line looked crazy nice . 
k im bored . good night . 
k im awake . good morning . 
just saw District 9 .... good movie . 
lol driving all over without my wallet then remembering when i get home . = win . 
gotta be up at 3am .... do i sleep or stay up ? 
lol having dreams that make no sense = win . 
k i gotta wake up in an hour . good night :) 
finished working on my dragon boat racing team's logo . 
having a grandma that believes everything i tell her = win . 
great workout this morning . got to call out Auntie < PROPFEMALE > . RESPECT MY AUTHORITAH !! 
oh god ... incoming caffeine crash . early morning nap time . 
need a shape-up . 
JT + AJ = Bad News 
puke in neighbor's yard = wasn't me . 
Night out with Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Auntie < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and AJ ...... ruined a < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > classic .... and drank a Das Boot with a team of 3 , nuff said . 
my feelings were hurt on the last play of the game . 
had my first Dragon Boat Race competition yesterday @ Disney World , had a lot of fun . 
j10oreo = my xboxlive gamertag . see you on the frontlines 
Happy new years to family and friends 
ate my nephew's pizza ..... whoops . 
don't want to sleep ... but have to wake up in 4 hours . sadface 
wise words of the day : \All my farts will come out if you break my butt\ " - Malachi 3/6/10 " 
enjoying my first day off in 2 weeks being called in to work . dolla dolla bills yaaaallllll 
quote of the day : \you fail at life\ " - my waitress " 
fact : i'm tired . 
what a fine day it is to cut my grass .... -_- 
i watched a chick flick and i liked it .... yeah i said it 
my favorite part of getting my herr did is when they spray the rubbing alcohol and my neck and hair line burn like hot fiya 
i would like to thank the stranger woman for buying me all the free beers tonight . i hope you get this message 
i wanna see how goood i am wehn playin call od duty drunk 
\i'll have you feelin like a fire hydrant in a room full of dogs\ " lol " 
pooped out from dragon boat practice . plus i smelled like poop . :\\ 
restarting my fitted collection ... from 0 . -_- 
running blows . 
need new pantalones los gatos 
today is kind of booty . 
can't fall back asleep . booty . 
got me a few new fitteds , i feel at peace now 
pineapples ... nom nom nom 
fittin in last sec runnin b4 work ..... sadface . 
i'm even at work in my dreams ... just cant catch a break . 
runnin , then goin to sleep in the sun .. 
oh god late night of Call of Duty ? i'm down . 
scratching an itching sunburn ..... hurts so bad , but feels SO good 
good times @ old chicago . 
people of facebook , my laptop is being repaired .... and i hate this one , so good bye for now . 
where is the dislike button ? 
there's vomit on his sweater already , mom's spaghetti . 
' Cause sometimes you feel tired , Feel weak , and when you feel weak , you feel like you wanna just give up . But you gotta search within you , you gotta find that inner strength And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up And not be a quitter , no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse . 
going to the store without your wallet = fail . 
good day of dragon boat practice ..... but now i smell like poop water . 
give me some good reggae music to listen to .......... 
Kick Ass kicked ass . 
not at the table , < PROPFIRST > . 
off to the HardRock . 
night at the Hard Rock was too funny .. 
another good day of practice .... another day of poop water scent . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > FROM RUTGERS GOING TO THE 49ERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYEYSEYSEYSYESYEY !!!! 
lost at a few games of darts ..... need to play some call of duty to cheer me up . 
Big race tomorrow @ Tampa ! Come down to the St. Pete Forum and watch the races and we can grab some drinks afterwards to cancel out the good workout with some liquid courage . Races goin on all day pretty much . SPIRIT FINGERS 
the dragon boat races were badass .... placed 9th out of 66 teams . 
wow i got a crazy case of the itus right before i have to get ready for work ... 
Iron Man 2 is where it's at 
even when i act like i'm oblivious , i know that i am fortunate . word 
we're renegades of funk ..... 
for the first time in a few weeks , i don't have some sort of illness ( the shits ) on practice day , today is a good day ... 
for the first time in 2 weeks ... i smell like poop water . good work out ... 
anyone down for fantasy football ? 
i'm crazy sloppy . 
no matter how good you feel after doing it .... running still sucks . 
cold as a cold wind blows 
some things are too easy to take for granted . to my brother in jersey , your mother was like mine and i share the pain you're going through . my heart goes out to you and your family . 
planning my way back to my hometown which resides in the armpit of < PROPFEMALE > . wish they could have been under better circumstances . 
back in jersey . nice to be back with my bretheren . not looking forward to tonight though 
really good to see the friends i grew up with 
back in florida . was nice to see fam and friends for the first time in years . things are different but it feels like nothing has changed . 
words cannot take back foolish actions ... all i can do is ask for is forgiveness . 
FACT : if it weren't for mp3 players , i'd prolly opt to not run and stay at my current weight . 
i realize through genetics , i enjoy cuttin the grass ... 
< PROPFIRST > Budden - Short Summer 
starcraft 2 , i want you ... 
all it takes is my pretty face , and my gangsta whip .... 
fantasy football = goodness 
The Other Guys = funny . 
my socks were too high yesterday , and i got mad . 
so the 9ers sign westbrook .......... Gore/Westbrook ???? yes please . 
been losin weight like crazy ... needless to say , i've been pooping alot more too 
how many times i gotta tell ya i'm second to none , no magazine top10's cause i'm negative one ... so i don't pay attention to em dumb folk , cause imma always be in first like the clutch broke ... 
she prolly won't ever see this but i can't say i'm fortunate enough to have my girl apart of my life . she's been a real positive for me and has been a good reminder that i still have alot to learn . 
hi , im at work 
sick ... my left nostril is shooting booger missiles 
LETS GO NINERS 
miss you jersey . and ur garbage air scent . :( 
This HTC ego is pretty dope . 
New job and more money . Things continue to get better 
At work .... tryin to find some work while watching football on a wall full of plasma and led tv's 
San < PROPFEMALE > Giants baby ! 
WOOT WOOT 9ERS !! I can officially talk shit next sunday ! 
Had A great bday get together , and it wasnt even intended for me !!!.... fits the budget 
Authenticate < PROPFIRST > Gore jersey from my better half ...... < PROPFEMALE > niiiiiice 
LETS GO 9ERS SONNNNNNN 
man ..... i'm burnt out from the gym , i stink , feel gross ........ so i'm gonna do somethin about it and play some Halo 
Find that news funny like it came straight from < PROPMALE > Burgundy 
work was slow tonight , ready to get home 
i sat out this halloween ... i'll make my triumphant return next year ... 
LETS GO GIANTS ! 
FK YA GIANTS ! 
proud new owner of a ps3 thanks to my girl's pressuring .... add me j10oreo 
lol . forgot to put on deodorant and my lunch when i was suppose to go straight from the gym to work .... i lose 
it feels like i've been with homegirl for years when it's only been \ 
several months . It's been a real privilege for me , unfortunately being away from eachother for a week and a half feels like months . im so psyched both my girls coming back home . love you trouble and jaja 
shout outs to fake people . you keep life interesting 
Somehow , morning poops have replaced my morning pees 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > for job training . Baltimore area 
judgement comes for you 
Trapped in an airport 
back home . feels nice to be back home with the misses and fam 
sneezing sloppy boogars out 
Seems like I don't have everything , but the thing that matters 
Might need to use the two finger technique to make some room ... 
Only 7 and out of redbull 
I LOVE MY HOT HISPANIC GF I LOVE SUCKING HER TOES 
9ers blow . Need new coach and < PROPFIRST > needs a change of scenery to prove the team is sloppy , not just him 
Hard nip free Friday , feels good 
Do it rhyme for rhyme , be competitive coke heads and go line for line 
Ugh . What a night 
Damn I hate how after the gym I gotta go pee every 5 minutes 
Yo 
Dead tired at the gym ... can't stop won't stop eh-eh , eh-eh 
That's rock bottom ... 
Running nose while bench pressing = messy 
Dear diary , today I was having a bad day . But then I took a poop , and then I felt much better . 
made a gym visit after a week hiatus and ready to puke . 
