It's 43 minutes past 4:20 .. Time to catchup 

One anecdote of a man is worth a volume of biography 
Without a < PROPMALE > heart wealth is an ugly beggar 
Hitch your wagon to a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine percent per cent perspiration ..... { question : Who spoke these words ] . 
Who spoke these words , \All I know is just what I read in papers\ " ...... Clue date of birth 1879 death 1935 " 
I wonder what was going through Christ mind today , 2000 years ago . 
It's a great day for being alive . 
I just spoke with < PROPFEMALE > Askew Yates , < PROPFIRST > passed away yesterday and she I trying to find his brother < PROPFIRST > .. please friends tell friends .. I would hate to miss my sisters funeral ................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
spoke to < PROPFEMALE > Askew Yates , < PROPFIRST > passed yesterday , she is trying to find < PROPFIRST > Yates .. If anyone has info please post . 
please take this as kindly as I can say it with nothing but love . I don't like Farmville or any net driven games .. I am so sorry . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I am going to call . 
tHERE IT IS 420 . EVERYONE HAVE A RELAXED FRIDAY 
Arbitrary messages about a video on the net of me . Grow a pair and send me a personal message of the sight . Have some since of decorum 
Great day to be alive !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Gym , here I come . We need a pill to reverse this age process and as you breath you would burn 1000 calories . Utopia . 
Hey folks , Have a killer day . Look outside . Who could say there is no God . Peace to all my peeps 
' Cant sleep . I give up . get out the brushes and start something 
Having a just so day , scroll down and listen to a tune to put like in perspective 
What a day . Breathe , yes I am talking to the voices in my head . Got new paints today and it's time to create . Best drug of all . 
2 AM AND i AM UP AGAIN .. START PAINTING 
I am just over it . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the gift . Spirits were low yesterday and that is not my style . I can't believe I voiced it on face ! I am so glad of sweet friends such as yourself . Today , a different light shines and my smile has returned . Just look outside . God kissed this day especially for us . 
To market to market we go . Everyone have a great day . Heading to Market with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Wilkes Cox Morrison Oberg . 29 years and counting . Thank God for lasting friends . Dined with the ole crew at Sir Pizza . Oh what fun . 
To all my peeps , may this day be full of joy and fulfillment . If you feel unloved , listen to that voice in your heart . You are !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Off to Market again with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Slow starting but ready set go !.. I feel 30 at heart but the body .. Good gosh where is my cane ? And my teeth ? 
Good night all and I pray we see a better tomorrow . Good night peeps !!! 
a group off us got together and celebrated < PROPFIRST>'s birhtday 
I'm out for the count 
Everybody , this is going to be a great day ! Right ? 
My Daily Motivator : Belvedere Vodka and Chelsee Handler 
, Coble needs to retire . We need a fresh Republican in office . Younger with an understanding of todays real issues 
Good morning all , Saturday and a funeral sounds like a movie but it is life . We have several around us suffering from family loss . Time to take pause for that Prayer cause . 
Good night peeps . Church tomorrow ! have to bed down now 
How the heck is everyone today ? Splendid day to lay in bed , but I am dressed and ready for a day with family . 
Beauty is truth and truth is beauty .... Keats 
Our lives are merely strange dark interludes in the electrical display of God the Father !...... Eugene O'neill [ Strange Interlude ] 
Sin has many tools , but a lie is the handle which fits them all ...... Oliver < PROPMALE > Holmes 
There's a sucker born every minute ......... PT Barnum 
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul 
Another great day here on God's home for us in our earthly bodies . 
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root ...... Henry < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Chilly to night .. be nice to be thinking that soon school will be out and we would have the whole summer to swim and play .. So long ago .. but it seems like yesterday ! 
Up early today , sister called and needs help at the store .. Not feeling it but family is family .. I would swim to Mexico for them . Hope everyone has a great morning . 
When I look a friends online the faces make me think that I am walking down old school halls . Thought most of you graduated years before me ! 
The winds of the misguided and ill content are blowing again .. 
This demon box is keeping up and way from more important things , the idiot box ! famous quote ..... < PROPMALE > Reddick on Face Book 
Commercial , what is going on ? 
Love all the music shares ... I can depend on < PROPMALE > to keep us up on the jazz . Loads of talent right here on Face Book . I am fortunate to call you all friends . Lets rock this day in .. 
Happy birthDAYS TO ALL WHO ARE celebratINg TodAy .. Must move off this box !!!!! 
The mountain views hear are great .. everyone needs a vacation from life and Archdale 
Time has come for a little Belvedere V . on the rocks .. Be responsible , invite others ! 
Still in the mountains and I lost my cell phone .. What to do .. Chilax !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time to head home 
Well , back in Archdale and I can't wait to go back .. Went to < PROPFIRST > and stayed in Weaverville outside of Asheville .. God's county .. you can't dispute that fact .. 
BElvedere time ... 
Can't believe how wonderful this day is .... 
Another wonderful day to go to church and be surrounded by those that love you .. We are all blessed , big and small , seen and unseen for we all have a God given gift of love and the capacity to spread the love . 
What a week ... nice and cool in the mornings .. good day for Golf 
Another Blessed day .. Truly .. in my wicked childhood I must of done something good . 
I love the rain , but I have a yard to tacklel 
I don't have any nails boards or stuff to build things with .. And if I had a farm or Zoo .. I would not name the animals .. they will be diner 
MORE fARMVILLE REQUEST .. STOP THE MADDNESS 
Belvederee time 
This message goes out to the one who looks for misspelling on info pages .. truly your an idiot .. 
Kid sat for my best friend last night . 47 and still sitting children .. two good kids .. Amazes me that I remember when they barely spoke . 
Another great day ... it's my nephews birthday today .. He keeps getting older and I stay the same age . 
A new week , new scares , new out look . May peace be your guide through the day and your pillow when you sleep . 
What a difference a day makes .. 
420 came early today ... where does the time go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > seems to calm the beast in my heart ..... So when I hear words spoken by others but directly about me shows the level of integrity a person has and whether the example that you go to your brother or sister if you have issue .... 
Walls of protection 
Never left Archdale , but PC didn't travel with me last night .. Good creative time 
Listen to waves crash .... 
Batteries are getting low .. time to plug in and recharge 
Big head jocobs is in the house 
New morning , new day , new week and new everything ... time to enjoy . 
< PROPFIRST > , have a awesome day , time to see something new ! 
Morning has broken new things to be done .. There is hope and joy for everyone .. Is that from a song ? 
Time to take stock of the important things . Have you told your family you love them , is there someone you should call . Is it time to take stock and review your moral compass ? 
Heaven's gifts are waiting , are you there for the taking ? 
There are dreams to be completed ! 
Who says Dreams don't come true ? I have a confession , I am hooked on utube .. Hi my name is < PROPMALE > and I am a utubeholic 
There is an answer ..... 
These days , are the best days I have ever lived . The only thing that is different is I realize I am blessed and have the compassion to care . Thought I had lost that feeling 
Nothing ventured nothing gained ! 
Better to love and lost than to never loved at all . 
Violence is a solution for the weak of mind and a tool of the ignorant . I can name one 
My computer is going to crash anytime . May be away for a month . Info has my tele < PROPFIRST > 
Crisis has been adverted .. System is back in the game for now .. Would prefer to just get a new lap than have this one fixed 
Are you living or just existing ? 
My old computer is tired and has to go to the doctor . How I got on today is a miracle ! 
As long as this box has power We will have music ! 
Another day and this crank case of a computer is still working ! Freaking amazing ! 
Where is the rain ? 
Has anyone seen my sanity ? 
If Pluto was a dog , then what the heck was Goofy ? 
Half way to Christmas , can everyone believe the year is half over ? 
Computer is back on the offensive .. Time will be the ruin of this computer 
How can a person be so blessed ? I don't deserve my good fortune , but I will bask in the sunshine of love I feel from close friends and family 
420 came early today ! Oh Friday 
Well , this crank case decided to come to life again ... This machine lives on the edge ... inherent from the owner ! 
computer is down .. Hope all are well ... back on soon 
com[uter is down 
Due to a friend they < PROPMALE > lowed me to use their computer . don'T know\ 
when I will have a working unit .... I miss < PROPMALE > of you ! 
My computer is still down ... good friends have been helping me 
My computer worked today .. tried to catch up but I am getting old . 
well the new phone application I have has connected me back to face book . 
to market we go 
Kansas rocked market last night . Rocked like it like 1982 
where has this year gone ? 
After market the house is a mess . Where is < PROPFEMALE > when you need her ? 
there was a thief that just entered a dark home when he entered he heard a voice saying I see you & Jseus sees you . The crook turned on a light to find a parrot saying , I see you then said jesus sees you , then the crook looked down to see a large dog , that moment the parrot said , jesus attach ! 
Homecoming at Welch Memorial tomorrow ...... Service at 11am 
Homecoming at Welch Memorial is unreal full church 
Welch's homecoming was fantastic . Children galore ..... what a turn out ! 
boy I wish I could find a really great deal a HP computer . With Christmas so close , I hope < PROPFEMALE > thinks i've been good most of the year , except at my nephews birthday , one night at long horn , that night at After hours , then there was that day at Badin Lake , then that weekend in the mountains , that Wednesday in < PROPMALE > , well maybe I was under the radar ! 
This is for you < PROPFIRST > , people have a 1000 wishes , a cancer patient has one , to get better ... < PROPFIRST > , I like being the 3% !..... keep fighting ..... 
someone said something about a < PROPMALE > & some trees , all I see is an empty lot 
up at three , to the DVR , my organized friend 
These days , I support those whom we so often forget . I know I am so guilty 
< PROPFEMALE > morning & sunshine 
In this life , some things hold true . the love of family , the joy in friendship & believing in the unknown with an ultimate hope that can only be called faith . 
It was a great day yeaterday on my 48th and thanks for all the notes and messages . For the goodness of a friend , I was able to get to FB and take a read ! May this hoilday be filled with the joy we all deserve ! 
2nd day off luxury on the computer and I am loving it . Dear < PROPFEMALE > I need a working computer .. Somebody put in a good word . Lie if you have to ! 
Back on and running ..... Now it is time for some tunes and catchinng up 
I am digging this HP computer ... it was worth the wait .. The old crank case is ready for the grave yard . Maybe it could be be turned into < PROPMALE > . 
Snow is falling . What a day for a day dream . Go figure out your dream ! 
Lifes moments are jewels , but when you hold hard with your hand alone , they sift through your fingers like sand , but hold them in your heart and they are a locked treasure . 
life is crazy and in a good way 
Logs on the fire and a warmth surrounds my heart . Reconnected with a long lost friend and I know that provided a blanket for my heart . 
A day full of endless possibilities ... & opportunities 
Looks like a road trip to < PROPMALE > is in the cards . 
theres a place I ' ve been looking for , Still looking out the same back door , Finding sky with that color blue , Familiar like a scent , That that envokes a dream , Where hope and fear colide . And in this oil - water mixture , A poition is formed . It's strength is great . With no acceptance of fate . You move forward with a knowledge all itself , The risk your heart is taking is worth each minute of the wait . 
Sorry I have such an obsession with < PROPFEMALE > Krauss . Something her voice does . Like there is an unseen light , reflectively shining into my heart . 
I want to hit a club . That's wrong of me ! right ? 
I am going to be a good boy and stay at home and work on my horticulutre project 
This is for a close friend in Raliegh .. Rivers run deep both narrow and wide , As a child stays close to ones side , our friendship was blessed with truth that was glue , that we always keep both fresh and new . Here we are , at a latter stage , and just like you , I don't feel my age 
Been up since 3:30 with the worst indigestion . But sitting up I want to call up 20 people and have a party .! 
Every artist was first an amateur . 
Nature is methodical , and doeth her work well . Time is never to be hurried . 
All mankind love a lover 
A good fiend of mine has a new boy , < PROPMALE > is his name . May this child see a new world full of love , hope and faith 
Man is a piece of the universe made alive . 
Our knowledge is the amassed thought and experience of innumberable minds 
The first wealth is health 
let not the emphasis of hospitality lie in bed and board ; but let truth and love and honor and courtesy flow in all your deeds 
Read read read and read some more . My eyes are getting weak with every day that comes .. Time for glasses 
DVR time 
Does anybody really know what time it is ? 
Today I met a friend and waited for her to finish work and I skimmed a rag from cover to cover . In the middle , photos appeared with and without makeup . Ever notice the expressions without makeup are always grim & the one with have a smile . I bet with a good nights sleep and the same expression on the face , they would look just as good without the coverup than with . Just an observation 
Light is the first of painters , There is no object so foul that intense light will not make it beautiful . 
Shirt ironed and suit ready for A Celebration of Life .. May peace and comfort be the word of this day . 
What a celebration of Life for < PROPMALE > Andrews .. Touching and such a peace was there in the church . The hair on my arms stood the whole time .. 
Life is not so short that there is not always time enough for courtesy . 
Okay , this is sad , I am hooked on the movie \The Blind Side\ " . I have watched it 12 times .... " 
A slow and easy Monday ... I wish it would snow ! 
The finest poetry was first experience . 
Up with a low grade fever again .. Man I thought this was over after Christmas 
Without a < PROPMALE > heart wealth is an ugly beggar . 
Nothing is more simple than greatness ; indeed , to be simple is to be great . 
Hope everyone has a great weekendRoad trip to < PROPMALE > for the weekend .. 
< PROPMALE > was a great trip .. renewed a close fiendship and I will ba going back very soon 
Adopt the pace of nature ; her secret is < PROPFEMALE > 
The one thing in the world , of value , is the active soul 
30 years since Graduation ... where did the time go 
Music is the universal language of mankind . 
Into each life some rain must fall . 
Well the crud is back and I am out on the sofa ..... 
In this world a man must be either be an anvil or hammer 
All things come round to him who will but wait . 
A boy's will is the wind's will , 
Sin has many tools , but a lie is the handle which fits them all . 
Had a vulgar post today because I was posting songs .. I want this person to see my response and then I will clear the post all together . I apologize for the cuss word . 
Time to test the Pillars of the Church .. They crack everytime I walk through ! 
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms . 
Need a little prayer .. My fever just hit 103 and brother I feel like . Well , fill that in in your mind .. I need a nurse & doctor & all the meds one can spare .. 
Well , two nights running my fever topped at 104 . The sound of the refrigerator motor makes my ears ache . Another day sitting on the sofa watching HULU PLUS , with the volume low . Time to take my temp and see where it stands , so I can have something cold to drink . Feels like a cat slept in my mouth . 
Man has his will , -but woman has her way .... { That's a quote so I'm just saying } 
Is anyone elses FB < PROPFEMALE > just run off the screen .. this lap top is a month old and nothing or I should say no other sight is responding in this manner . ? 
get a little done and then I feel done .. too done ...... spring is coming 
Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtaxed .. 
Any man more right than his neighbors constitues a majority of one . 
A great day for friends , Reconnected with best < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Hope & < PROPFEMALE > 
I heard at church Mrs. Myers from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is not doing well .. 
what is defeat ? Nothing but education , nothing but the first step to something better 
Skipped church ... the sofa feels so nice .. 
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root . 
It is life near the bone , where it is the sweetest . 
Man this way a great day .... Ya just never know ! 
Common sense is instinct , and enough of it is genius . 
The mind grows on what it's feeds on . 
I have no mockings or arguments ; I witness and wait . 
I dislike that last.fm will not allow to post songs from there sight . 
I like to spring forward , I just forget to until the clocks should have been turned forward . So church was misssed . That's my story and I am sticking to it folks .! 
5 to 7 The Wet Whistle ... featuring the cool menthol stylings of Serendiptiy .. Archdale .... 
For in everyday and every night hope prevails .... 
What an intense green the leaves of the Rivier Oak have as they appear on the branches . What a nice calling card from Spring . Today is the first day you know . 
Heading to < PROPMALE > for the train station .. Then back home alone in the car .. I need a plan to spice this adventure up . 
How do you measure the worth of a man ? Hint : HFL 
Dig the extra time when I wake early , but why do I want a nap 4 hours later ... 
Each day I venture , never knowing if the efforts are worth the time , For there are thse things i ruch to but I want results quick . 
Ever think your the one putting out all the effort ? Well today is a new day and my effort is out with the old , and newly reaquainted old .. 
Feels like Christmas in my heart today ! Let's take that old Oral Roberts approach , \Something good is going to happen to you today \"." 
Amazing how one works hard at reconnecting with some old friends , but with all the effort put forth you feel it is so invain . Well at least I know I have tried . Bye gones ! 
Ever find yourself pandoring to others likes and ignoring your own wishes ? 
Each time I read or see a panel add for < PROPFIRST > Trumphet , rep for the bumpit , just stagers my whole day . I have to say it before I start with a some positive notes to boost everyiones day and mine .. I could never vote for < PROPFIRST > T . It is like a real life skit written for SNL , but it keeps playing over and over again .. I could think of 12 great business men that could make better canidates .. How about < PROPFIRST > Mouse ? 
Off to a design appointment with my second sista .. Siked .. 
It maybe raining , but there is a lot of sunshine on the inside ... 
Stuck on the DOC channel .. Meat and Veggie Dinners ... Man I am getting older ! 
This is a beautiful day and the sky seems so blue .... Now let me look outside ... 
Deep in a book ... sorry if classical gets boring .. easier to read by .. off to it .. say mate 
Everyday , I wake so thankful for four things , \ 
my faith , my family , my friends & Chelesea Handler on DVR ! 
Love , the one game you loose if you don't play ... 
Happy B Day Girl ! 
Needless posts that cannot be liked only force one to drop a FB friend . What's the point , I read and listen to enough and then to not comment .. bye gones . Nothing personal 
Would you loose your life , if one gave you a choice of their way or no way ? 
Time for some HULU time .. 
I am amazed home many are appauled by hate groups but grasp on to the same word like a comfort blanket . I find this shallow and ignorant . \ 
Also , someone tell Aunt Hagatha , she has a attitude with her strick note .. Was never my favorite character on Bewitched anyway . 
Seriously , it is time to walk away . Romance is dead and human kindness is faltering . Pointless ... 
Hate is not on my list to listen to or receive .. 
Nothing personal but I thought I would cater to the Southerns tonight with music postings .. Got good buddies up north and out west but I have to feed my local folks too . Mostly those that went to school around here .. 
HULU PLUS time .... 
The world has lost it's romance , but some people haven't . There lies the promise . Craigism 
Okay folks , gather around .. personal friend has another person in their life dealing with cancer . Take that moment .. take a pause .. pray for the cure . 
Cancer : Has it touched you ? I have lost many and now a dear friend has another person she loves dealing with cancer .. Pause .. Pray .. send the cancer away . 
Apathy : Why do we grasp at it like a brass ring .. Lift a friends friend that has cancer .. Let this be the day that a cure reveals itself 
There is never a battle that is not worth fighting when innocent suffer .. The weapon needed is a cure for cancer .. Per her request , I am posting on the hour everytime I think of a new phrase . In this pray for a cure .. 2011 is the year .. 
< PROPFEMALE > , there are so many warriors out there .. My typing and spelling is not par but the message is getting thru . 
Let's take a pause for the cancer cause .. < PROPFEMALE > Andrews has a needful post go to it and follow your heart . 
< PROPFEMALE > Andrews , I can do this for hours and watch TV and listen for the popcorn and wth all that going on you know God is listening .. too cool .. go to her wall and read the request and follow your heart .. til there is a cure 
Cancer , needless suffering .. pray for a cure ... 2011 .. Susan Andrews wall post has a special request go there and follow your heart . 
We can stop cancer .. til there is a cure .. pray 
< PROPMALE > we know ! 
The tile store awaits ... say a little prayer ... 
If in the year you haven't loved , laughed or cried , are you really having a good year ? 
Tada ! 
Nothing is ever easy as it seems 
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journeywork of the stars . Whitman 
In gathering items to complete the week , I feel the presents of a long lost friend . Feels as thought the veil is quite so thin . 
Sometimes I feel like a long tail poll cat in a room of rocking chairs .... 
Break is over and this is a weekend thing .. What a day ! Sun and the work looks great .. No more time to hesitate 
Dusk is vanishing and the gloming is almost gone .. The lights shimer across Badin Lake . Truely a lovely day and productive . The quite almost has a sound all it\s own . For in the quite I feel the presence of God " 
Still on location and my UTUBE feed sucks , but I so enjoy not posting and lettting others feed me with music .. thanks folks 
