has had a big first day of her senior year ... tons of ap/dual credit classes and got my driver's license ... 

trying to figure out what to do with the rest of my evening ... im caught up on homework and already finished the book i was reading ... i have basically nothing to do ... 
anybody who took 101 or psychology last year ... can i buy your book off of you ? 
watching glee ... it's hilarious ... had to go back a redo part of my blog for psych ... 
had a great birthday ... 
Already finished my coat of arms for 101 ... thank god ... finishing up my first physics lab report ... i hate them already ... how many am I going to have to do this year ? 
finally figured out what to be for the halloween dance ... 
watching wheel-of-fortune and then jeopardy because I'm a dork like that ... 
watching jeopardy and very upset that the book i got from the school library is practically destroyed ... i think i might get them a new copy ... i will be embarrassed to give back that book like that ... even though i received it that way ... 
is staying home from school today ... not feeling so well ... 
home , not feeling well ... watching clay-mation christmas movies ( like The Year Without a < PROPFEMALE > Claus ) ... trying to feel better ... wish i had some hot cocoa ... 
home ... still not feeling well ... 
finally finished \The Lovely Bones\ " ... its a great book ... " 
is still sick ... but sucking it up to go to the game ... go billies ! 
ready to finally be coming back to school ! 
one really good thing about the twilight saga ... for the next 3 years i will feel perfectly fine about being so pale ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > meyer ... 
watching jeopardy instead of reading like i need to ... 
finished all of my psychology homework in one night and have finished my physics ... but still need to start reading for 101 =( 
managed to leave my physics book in Athens with my lab report ... i hope that doesn't set the tone for the next week ... 
way to go Billies ... going to Wheeling next week ... Wal-Mart will be sold out of HotHands next week ... 
hoping that almost everything goes smoothly ... 
i got absolutely no sleep last night ... that 5 hour nap yesterday really messed me up ... 
as sad is it may be ... i might have to resort to sparknotes for the first time in my life ... i honestly am embarrassed to have to do that ... but i will need a miracle to finish \Gone With the Wind\ " by friday ... pray for me ... " 
so i just finished Gone with the Wind ( the movie ) ... it is a million times better than the book ... i can't believe i just said that ... 
I'm finally finished with Gone with the Wind ... after watching it 7 times , reading the awful book , and writing my research paper it's all over =) 
way do teachers have to give homework over holiday breaks ? im starting to think it is just unethical :-P haha ... 
of course ... the only time i've ever wanted to read the sparknotes of a book , it isn't there =( 
if they are only going to give us a two hour delay they should just go ahead and make it regular schedule ... i wish they would just cancel school already ... its not going to get warmer ... 
so i just read a report that said in the next year dvds will be obsolete ... that's just fricking wonderful ... now im going to have to buy a blue-ray player ... but im still holding on to my vhs/dvd player ... i love that thing ... 
please let's have a least a two-hour delay ... i don't want a physics test ... 
is sick ... 
im getting very frustrated ... everytime i try to call < PROPFIRST > my phone loses signal ... 
im up way too early ... and i hope school ends up on a two-hour delay ... 
ok ... just in case their is anyway < PROPFEMALE > can see this : JUST BECAUSE THE ROADS MAY BE CLEAR IN < PROPFIRST > , THAT DOESN'T MEAN THEY'RE CLEAR EVERYWHERE ! I live in South Man and my roads are covered ... I don't even want to think about how they are in the hollows ... 
i love watching the american idol auditions ... until the actual show starts and it interrupts the much better show \Bones\ " and probably \ " Glee\ " this year ... " 
I love when stuff is on tv that has to do with what you learn in school ... im watching E ! Investigates : Addicted to Pills ... 
yay !!! Bones is finally back from break =) and that was an unintended pun ... 
this my sound weird and inconsiderate ... but i think if the state would flip-flop the budgets for jails and education , then more people would be better educated ... and maybe they could pay for everyone's college ... just an idea ... and also , since people are better educated , then less people will commit crimes and end up in jail ... its worked in other countries ... 
does anyone know of some scholarships i could apply for ? 
i just figured out how not to get those annoying notification e-mails every single time someone comments something I have commented ... 
i'm getting sick and fricking tired of having to do practically everything at my house ... why can't anybody else seem to do anything here ??? Like washing their dishes off and just setting them on the empty side of the sink ?!?!? 
so i just finished Schindler's List ... its a great movie ... but it will make you cry ... 
The Beta Club will be raising funds to donate to the American RedCross Disaster Relief Fund due to the recent earthquake in Haiti . Each morning in Homeroom Beta Club members will be coming in to sellpaper hearts for $1 each . If you are interested in helping , please buy some hearts in homeroom , or stop by < PROPFEMALE > Saunders ' room to buy some . 100% of the money will go to Disaster Relief in Haiti . 
conquered the FAFSA =) 
i have had a very shocking day ... my dad apologized to me for being a ( in his words ) \horrible and crappy\ " dad ... " 
I'M COMPLETELY AMAZED AT HOW MORONIC PEOPLE CAN BE ... My stepmom never ceases to amaze me ... 
so i slept for most of the day yesterday ... and now im still sleepy but i can't go back to sleep ... 
though I usually don't do this stuff ... IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother(s ) and/or sister(s) ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings ... 
2 HOUR DELAY !!! 
i find it funny that yahoo has pictures of people for black history month ... but google does not ... usually google has the animated logo ... 
gets to job shadow at Pikeview next friday ... i really hope mercer county doesn't have a snow day that day ... sorry guys but i really need school that day ... leaving early would be fine ... i just need one block ... 
sick ... 
where do they get seeds to plant more seedless grape plants ? Because if they are seedless then they can't have seeds to plant more plants ... 
i see snow falling outside =( 
2 hour delay !!! 
i feel awful ... sick of being sick ... if i don't feel better tomorrow then i won't be at school ... someone let mrs. < PROPMALE > know so she doesn't get all senior project stuff on me ... 
so i went to the dentist today and get a tooth filled ... turns out when they number my bottom jaw i sound like < PROPFIRST > Fudd and Daffy Duck's love child =P 
i just saw a commercial for GLEE =) yay !!! please let it come back soon ... 
so i am watching the news ... funny thing ... they are talking about Concord basketball ... haha ... that really never happens ... 
finally finished my paper for my senior project =) let's hope she likes the paper and i don't have to change much ... 
is it so bad that i REALLY don't want to stay at home all summer ? 
I'm know officially 100% finished with my Senior Project * happy dance and squeals * which means i have more time to spend on my other papers that have been neglected ='( bring on the psych and 102 ... 
snow , snow go away come again another day some people want the sun and warmth all day snow , snow go away 
\Let it Be\ " by the Beatles ... makes me cry ... its sadder in Accross the Universe though ... " 
anybody know if we're still having the dance tomorrow ? 
just found out : Unless we get a < PROPMALE > blizzard tonight ... winter formal is still tomorrow ... 
so I'm trying to think warm thoughts ... maybe buying a swim suit will help ... 
i really really really really really dont want to go to school today ... 
So I just got an email from Amazon ... and my < PROPFEMALE > ( from syfy ) is on its way ... i should get it tomorrow ... im a dork ... 
I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! I will get through my senior year without going insane ! 
I GIVE UP ON PHYSICS ! i will be going into class early tomorrow and asking for help ... but i can't do it tonight ... its impossible for me to finish this work sheet ... 
if it wasn't going to rain so much this week ... i would have washed my car today ... the poor thing needs it =( 
It never ceases to amaze me how ridiculous and unfair Man High School is to the AP and dual-credit students ... 
YAY !!!! NO MORE SENIOR PROJECT !!! 
I'm looking forward to June 13th at 9 PM !!! 
is anyone else's myspace not working ? 
why do beds have to be so warm and the rest of the world is so cold ? 
psych paper here i come ... and then apgap stuff ... mrs. mccoy im so behind ( can i take that psych test in the morning ? ) ... but i got my prom dresses and some pictures for yearbook stuff =) 
ok ... only 4 more days until spring break ... i can make it without being absent ... haha ... except for friday ;-) 
i should really be working on my English paper intro . paragraph ... but i have yet to come up with a subject that she wants me to write about ... this will be fun ... 
god ... could you please let the rest of the school year go by fast ? But let this summer be slow ? 
and i just finished my last physics lab report ... hopefully ... 
watching The Shining with < PROPFIRST > =) 
i need a book to read ... but not by < PROPMALE > sparks ... he's a great writer but i honestly love his movies too much to ruin them for myself by reading the book ... 
Got the PROMISE scholarship !!!!!!! 
cannot wait to graduate ! 
english 102 paper ... done ... now i just have to survive the 14 school days i have to go to fourth period ... 
finished half of my apgap questions ... guess ill work on them at school tomorrow ... sorry mrs. mccoy ... 
nails at 2:30 then hair at 3:30 ... why im i awake now ? 
back to school ... ap test this morning ... nervous ... but at least i don't have to go to four of my classes =) 
no homework ... what shall i do for the rest of the day ? nap ? clean ? or text < PROPFIRST > when he gets home from school ? hard choice ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > niffenger and < PROPFEMALE > wells can do no wrong ... i love their books ... 
trying to decide whether to go to school at lunch or not ... 
so tired ... the only reason i have to go to school today is for a physics quiz ... then i do nothing for the rest of the day ... but at least its only 4 days until graduation ! 
off to < PROPMALE>'s graduation soon =) yay !!! and GOOD LUCK BILLIES BASEBALL ! 
got a 4 on the ap government exam !!! 
so hot ... need air conditioning and a nap ... 
today was fun ... got my stuff moved in ... went to all the useless meetings ... i have an amazing roommate ... and i got to spend time with < PROPFIRST > ? 
if i spend the money on a fan thing for my computer so my computer doesnt over heat every five minutes ... and it doesnt work ... im saving everything from my computer on a flash drive ... and the computer is going out the window ... i hate technology ... 
FINALLY HAS INTERNET IN HER NEW DORM ROOM !!!! 
hates waiting for phone calls ... 
must buy bleach , air freshener , and a has-mat suit ... its going to be a long evening after class ... 
sick + having to give a speech today = not fun at all .... 
nothing like bohemian rhapsody and vampire weekend to start a friday morning =) 
i am now myself in 9th grade again ... if i had carried a backpack ... so many books ... and binders and pencils and pens and paper ... oh and highlighters ... 
yummmm ... cheese ball =) 
was just rudely awaken byvthe wonderful fire alarm of north towers ... happy that it works ... but i wish people wouldnt burn their food ... 
fb : i need some help ... please ask your parents at which age you started talking ( if you don't know ) ... and let me know in a comment on this post ... its for a speech i have to do in public speaking =( 
is going home this weekend ... i just have to go to three classes and work first ... 
does not feel good ... 
off to the library ... lets hope my powerpoint works when it needs to ... and i hope i don't have to give my speech until monday ( fingers crossed ) ... i really don't like public speaking ... but it is a necessary evil of a class ... 
off to the pikeview game 
YAY !!! i finally found my 10% off concord bookstore coupon !!! =) 
curly hair+rain = poofy 
has only one class today =) 
left her keys in her purse at alberts again ... 
has studied for this history mid-term until she will be saying these id's in her sleep ... 
leaving for man with < PROPFIRST > 
there is a rain/snow mix in EARLY OCTOBER ... WTH !!! 
SO sleepy ... but i need to read history ... and geology =( 
humans-vs-zombies = one of the stupiest yet funniest things i have ever seen ... 
getting ready ... then down to pipestem to ride horses with my family for Lakie's birthday ... then maybe chinese later ... 
had fun today ... tried quail , which is AWESOME ! and got to spend time with my family =) 
i do not want to go to class ... i havent felt good sense yesterday morning ... im sleepy ... and i just want to stay in my dorm and sleep =( 
lets hardly pass a geology lab practical ! haha ... 
pumpkin spice lattes are awesome ! 
knows that today is going to be a good day =) 
hoping math is cancelled ... 
my hopes are crushed ... i am having math =( 
college has made me dependent on coffee for energy ... 
likes singing obnoxiously loud to Journey will driving ... 
is going to eat breakfast at home ... then go back to athens and to charleston for the day with < PROPFIRST > for my birthday ... 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ... 
has 11 days of tuesday thursday class and 16 days of monday , wednes , and friday classes until the semester is over 
oh how i wish i didnt have to go to speech and hear other people give speechs ... i would much rather not go ... 
wishes november 19th was here ... then i could see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie ... 
does not like when mercer county has a winter weather advisory for the next two days ... 
doesn't get to go home due to possible snow =( 
its snowing ... 
just has to wait for < PROPFIRST > to get out of english and i can go home =) 
just wants five minutes of quiet to be able to go to sleep ... is that just way too much to ask ? 
thank you , neighbors ... i didn't really need too much sleep last night ... its not like i had to get up at 6 and get ready for two tests at 8 and 10:45 ... oh wait ... i do ! 
watching clouds in walmarts parking lot ... 
is not upset that her computer has broken down so she cant do school work ... there are plenty of other places to do that ... she's upset because of all the pictures of friends and family she will lose :( 
history paper ... finished ! 
made chocolate covered cherries and peppermint patties =) 
dear snow , \ 
college students that want to get finals over with hate you . please stop ! 
making sugar cookies for my sisters to decorate ... 
i got a kindle ... im so excited ! 
chinese food ! 
Concord , \ 
I would really like to know when I'm supposed to move back into my dorm and who my roommate will be . 
the day college students get check change is like a holiday ... 
telemarketing texts , REALLY ! can we never escape them ? 
i am really starting to believe that < PROPFEMALE > palin should not use words or phrases she doesn't know the meaning of ... the world would be a much quieter place ... 
got my check change ... now its time to go spend it on books and a new computer :-( 
TO EVERYONE WHO HAD < PROPMALE > ARMS WITH ME IN 11TH GRADE :\ 
Arum said in an interview . \It requires academic rigor ... You can't just get it through osmosis at these institutions . \"" 
you just know it is going to be a good day when you get out of class at noon and have no homework :-) 
concord , please cancel classes ... i know you tell commuters to use their best judgment .... but have you seen the weather forecast ? 
i don't like when the power flickers ... and its cold and snowy outside ... 
my first college snow day ... 
dear sony , \ 
thank you for saying my computer would have two day shipping . but you should really consider that you are sending it from < PROPFEMALE > to WV in the middle of winter . at least i didn't have to pay for shipping . 
today is going to be a good day ... today is going to be a good day ... maybe if i keep repeating that , it will happen ? 
MURPHY DAY ! =( 
it takes a bad day to realize how good the rest of your life is ... yesterday i had a horrible day , but today i realized how blessed i truly am ... i have a f < PROPFEMALE > ly that loves me and just wants me to be happy and i have an amazing boyfriend who i truly believe treats me like a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
best day of the week ... its friday plus my last class was cancelled so i could go and relax :-) 
you know when youre a dork when ... you are 19 and will buy Fantasia on dvd ... 
loves days that < PROPMALE > is cancelled :) 
and now it's off to housing ... wish me luck ... 
kimono's ... yum ! 
does anyone know where Novosiberisk is ? I do ... i do believe i will pass my geography map test =) 
thank god , i have 2 less tests to worry about this week =) 
never thought she would be yelling \LET'EM PLAY REF ! \ " ... to of all things ... a game of Jeopardy ... " 
oh how i wish i didnt have to go to math class ... in fact ... i wish that after this semester , i would be finished with math ... 
