Wow haven't been on in like a week ! 2010 , 3 weeks until my birthday :( 

Just got on and getting used to everything !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for either accepting my friend invites or sending me one !! 
Is bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Check out my youtube < PROPFEMALE > . http://www.youtube.com/user/thesampleman 
is tired 
wants a box cutter for when I do truck . My hands are freaking sore !!!!!! 
What a long day ! And no < PROPFIRST > I still have no f'ing idea what the hell I was going to ask you . 
Going back on my youtube account on my day off . 
Have so much on my plate right now . 86 subscribers to me , numerous youtube friends , and trying to play farmville on this site . 
so tired . Have many thing to do on my day off ....... 
Going to be working on more youtube videos . 112 subscribers and about 80 in 1 month . 21000 video views worldwide . Friends in Canada , UK , and the US . 
Hope everyone had a fun Halloween ! 
going to kill firefox yet ! 
27,000 views world wide 135 subscribers , I'm going to take over youtube . Watch out < PROPFIRST > you little bastard . 
Knee is really sore . Going to play some 1 vs . 100 on XBL tonight maybe ? 
will be watching NFL RedZone in a few hours . Also , not doing anything today because I'm lazy :) 
157 subscribers and 35,000 views worldwide . Goin ' great . Having fun making videos . 
Hope everyone has a fun , safe , and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
231 subscribers and 55 , ooo video views . My b-day coming up and that sucks . 
239 subscribers and 58,000 video views world wide . Made so many youtube friends it's silly . 
Little over a week to my birthday . Number 27 is coming way to quickly , it could slow down you know . 
274 subscribers worldwide , 64,000 views worldwide ! Had my first ever day on youtube over 1,000 views for all my vids combined . Things are going good there !! 
I'd like to thank everyone that wished me a happy birthday . Now if only i could win the lottery ............ 
302 subscribers worldwide . 72000 video views . nearly 10000 channel views . making new friends . All is going good . 
Why is my internet going slow ? 
I'm eventually going to find a pic and put it up on here . 
http://www.youtube.com/user/jefflarz 
http://www.youtube.com/user/griffinlobster 
Oh Zaid here's my link http://www.youtube.com/user/thesampleman 
people are finding me 
tired right now ! Zaid why the hell haven't you actually watched the dang videos ? 
Donkey Kong Country my next walk through . 
Going to bed ! Work starts mighty early . truck tomorrow . 
Not good at those games . Not good at all ! 
I gotta come on this stupid website more . So tired 
So tired going to get to bed . 
376 subscribers though wooooo ! 
damn < PROPMALE > that freakin ' pic is just sick . Mad hops 
so tired gotta play through some games eventually . Gotta play some Bioshock 2 . Maybe this weekend though . 435 subscribers though . And I'm hearing some psychopath screaming outside right now . SHUT THE HELL UP CAN'T YOU TELL I'M THINKING AS I'M TYPING . YOUR SCREAMING IS DISTRACTING ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will beat < PROPMALE > in Tetris Marathon it is written in the stars . O.K. did that just sound like the Lion < PROPMALE > right there , or Miss < PROPFIRST > ? 
Everyone become a fan of < PROPFIRST > Rowden . He is my hero 
Actually bought a Pokemon game . I guess hell has frozen over ..... 
Otherwise the youtube thing is going great . Now time to play some MW2 . 
stimulus maps are great , eventually going to get a pic up here . 
part 32 of Conker has like a 2 minute song intro . I can already hear the people complaining now ...... 
Can't wait until Sunday , my freaking day off . 
:( Red Wings lost . Game 7 , they better not play like they did today or they'll surely lose again . 
So tired , but recorded a new < PROPFIRST > vid . Planning something for my 1 year anny of making LP's . 
Going to get a proper picture up soon . LOL at < PROPMALE>'s response because he will have one . 
Man I stunk at family feud tonight . No bonus rounds for me :( 
Gotta get on skype more !! 
Gotta get another episode os Sunshine up tomorrow . 
Going to listen to the new Avenged Sevenfold album right now . Should be awesome ! 
Hit 1700 subscribers on Youtube . Crazy to think about to tell you the truth . 
Super tired !!!!!!! 
My beloved Detroit Lions . Can't even sign Suh . Psssshh yeah right , beloved , LOL ! Go New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts ! 
LOL , LL Cool J at Caesar's Windsor . Is that how pathetic those tickets are selling that they're advertising them to me ? 
< PROPFEMALE > really needs to tell me who made that baklava , it was exceptional ! 
LOL might open up my facebook to my adoring fans on youtube . But then again I don't want most people to know my last name . 
Dang has been a long time since I last logged on here ! 
Why can't I hit the dang lottery ? 
prediction for this years Detroit Lions : 2-14 :) 
Will get on skype tomorrow . At least sometime tomorrow . 
I will be going into first place this week in the football pool . That means even if drastic measures are necessary :) 
Super tired today . Just going to watch football and relax . maybe work on editing a video later on today for upload tomorrow . 
Everything checked out good with my stitches . Everything is healing up great apparently . On track to having them taken out this Thursday . 
Got the dang stitches out of my hand . Nearly all back to normal . Or as normal as I can be . 
New profile picture coming soon . No more awkward angles for me . Just can't wait until < PROPFEMALE > gets the ole haircut done lol ! It looks like I've got wings on the side of my head . 
Should I RSVP Christmas yet ? Thanks Facebook I haven't laughed so hard in a while . 
So sick today ! My sinuses are totally f'd up 
And the mysteries of Facebook continue . Now I can not access my chat box . May I just say , Facebook fix your shit ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Don't know if I'll be on tomorrow at all . So I figured I'd share this now eh ! 
Tired as all heck ! Tomorrow I work on figuring out how to work on Windows 7 . 
Gotta get it all up and running by Sunday so that I can record and upload < PROPFEMALE > and DKC3 . 
More TP to go through tomorrow , plus redownloading skype , figuring out what Kapersky labs problem is , doing test recordings , and test out widescreen capturing tomorrow . File sizes are going to be huge but oh well :P 
