< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Dead and you know what im glad i think he was a child molester or have ever u spell it but ya i think he deserved it and i wouldn't be suprise if he didn't go into cardiac arrest from pumping a small kid in the ass 

Getting My tattoo drawn out and then im going to get it priced i hope to have it soon 
Man goes to doctor . Says he's depressed . Says life seems harsh and cruel . Says he feels all alone in a threatening world where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain . Doctor says \Treatment is simple . Great clown Pagliacci is in town tonight . Go and see h " 
IM Done 
home sick from work Gosh i hate being sick when it cost me money 
Trying to get moved but we got no truck so it's hard to do 
Went to St. Joe got my stuff for saturday now i just wish i won't rain 
I got a 208 out of 200 on my American Government test 
I don't fell so great how bout anyone else 
Are you quitting on me ? Well , are you ? Then quit , you slimy fucking walrus-looking piece of shit ! Get the fuck off of my obstacle ! Get the fuck down off of my obstacle ! NOW ! MOVE IT ! Or I'm going to rip your balls off , so you cannot contaminate the rest of the world ! I will motivate you , Private Pyle , IF IT SHORT-DICKS EVERY CANNIBAL ON THE CONGO ! 
Holy dog shit . Texas ? Only steers and queers come from Texas , Private Cowboy . And you don't look much like a steer to me so that kinda narrows it down . Do you suck dicks ? 
Thought : If God created the Earth , Space , and all of that if 6 days with the seventh day being the day of rest . Wouldn't this be wrong if the concept of time is a human concept how do we know it was Sunday when God decided to rest . 
Thought : Why is it illegal to kill someone but when you join the Army its all legalised 
Thought : If man wrote the bible so that means man wrote what god considered sin , so what if man was wrong and all the sins that the bible considers to be the sins that keeps you out of heaven are wrong that means no matter what you do your choices in life can't keep you from heaven and send you to hell 
Thought : If god gave us the 10 commanments and wanted us to follow those 10 rules why did he give us the freewill to break them , why is he setting us up for failure and thus makeing it impossible to get to heaven 
Thought : For years < PROPFEMALE > oppressed Blacks by using them as slaves then < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > fought the civil war and abolished slavery , Since then we stopped oppressing Blacks and started oppressing anyone who might be poor , < PROPFEMALE > puts down anyone who doesn’t make as much money as everyone else and the ones who do make the money are thought to be better but poorer people have more heart than someone considered to be < PROPMALE > 
Thought : The thought going aroung would be about 2012 and the end of the world but think of this the Mayans had predictited several thousands years so maybe they got lazy and quit predicting the future and the other that is science , well how do they know there right i mean something can happen to change that 
Thought : Why is it black people can call white people crackers or honkey and they have things like BET ( Black Entertainment Television ) or Black History Month but if white people use the N-word or have things like WET(White Entertainment Television ) or White History Month they would be Racist . 
It's pretty sad when I have to resort to sleeping pills just to get to sleep but I guess when you spend 4 of the last 7 days staying up all night you do what it takes 
I have roughly 546 days to lose 120 pounds wish me luck 
I think i need to get laid 
WHooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Go SAINTS 
It's Time the kick ass and chew bubble gum and im all out of bubble gum 
1 question , 1 < PROPMALE > , 1 honest answer . You can ask me 1 question TO MY INBOX , anything no matter how crazy . No catch . Dare to post this to your profile and see ! 
I figure it this way ther 2 kinds of people in the world Those who like me and Those you don't , if one of those who like me then tell me and if who don't then why the hell are you reading this 
Way to go Saints way to win Super Bowl 44 
Thought : Why do people always dwell on negative details of a loveones death , I know it hard to cope with there death put who shouldn't blow up at someone who might say that they saw a car in the ditch just because your loveone died that way , 
I think i want to become a CNA 
Got a new phone today so i need < PROPFIRST > people 
Ok New Game : Take your first intial of your first name and then the first 4 letters of your last name . Post this on your file with you name and comment on mine with yours . Mine : A-Coll 
I think it's time to accept that i can't have what i want 
Im in a damn good mood even for haveing only 5 hours of sleep and it's all because of one special person 
I really hope this weekend goes as planned 
Hell ya < PROPFIRST > Bress is on the cover of Madden 11 so guess who's right . Thats right me im right and your wrong 
I love it when the plans you make go just like you want them to 
???? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?? ????? ????? concrats , ?? ?? ?? ?????? ??????? ????? 
Yep 
No longer have my phone but o well 
I know i need to be perfect I could be God and still not be satisfied 
Who Love's ME 
1 week til summer 
Thinks is alittle fucked up that my parents will drop everything for my brothers but when i need to go to saint < PROPFIRST > they tell me to fuck off . O well i guess thats life and saint < PROPFIRST > will have to wait 
Last day of skewl 
Hell yeah got my phone 
Put the lime in the coconut 
Yep that's just great 
Haven't quite got used to useing the keyboard on my iphone 
Hmmm subway 
Board as hell , Hot as hell , And I think I'm losing my mind 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died how sad now we will never know what wilis was talking about 
Fine then don't talk to me then 
Fuck you 
Almost burn the house down trying to make pizza roles 
No one tells DJ request what to play 
20gig White Xbox 360 like new asking 150$ but will negoiate maybe ( has all cables and controller ) 
Selling my Xbox 360 it's a 20gig hardrive that i will wipe clean it comes with all the cables nessecary including a cargeing cable for the controller ( which is also included ) and a 50 foot ethernet cable for the internet . Asking 150 OBO would like to know if interesteed by thursday 
Damn now I need to find a way to st < PROPFIRST > at 10 tomarrow 
Yep it's been one shitty week 
Who wants/ on needs a roommate who can pay part of the bills 
You know how hard it is for a man like me to admit he needs help 
Ladies when your on a date let the man pay for everything trust me it makes us feel better 
I think I've lost just about every friend I had 
< PROPMALE > from twilight is not a werewolf he is just a wolf bc a werewolf walks on 2 legs and only turns at night and < PROPFIRST > is not a true vampire bc true vampires can't be in the sun 
Sooooo fucking board and I think that god hates it when I Try to plan something 
Got my new xbox 360 he'll yeah 
I need someone who can draw off of description only 
Senior picture-$200 , Chiefs game-$450 , Tattoo for birthday-$650 , Comedy show with Family-$150 , Amazing senior year-$Priceless 
Turning my phone for the weekend so yeah 
Loud music all night , partying all night , lighting fireworks til 1 in the morning I can let go hell you beat some dudes ass on my front lawn and I wouldn't care but hitting a Woman , damn straight I'll call the cops on you 
Had to take my dog to a animal shelter because he bit me and tried to bit my mom so yeah Goodbye < PROPMALE > 
I don't have to many friends anymore but I think I know why bc even though I wish I was I am no longer that funny , don't give a shit attitude , easy going person that I was 
1:23 AM and I'm still up that's not normal 
Life is like a < PROPMALE > sometimes it just gets hard for no reason 
Life is like a < PROPMALE > sometimes it just gets hard for no reason l 
Who Knows Me Best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Best friend[s ] . 
Tired and board ... O what to do 
O joy i get to go to work in half an hour and work this weekend , man my life is good 
Loves how even though I got dragged to a movie I didn't want see I still get told \No\ " . Well this is the start to a shitty weekend " 
Ok even though she said no I had a great time with my baby girl 
Man I'm tierd 
Friday- < PROPMALE > out with family and < PROPFIRST > , Saturday- < PROPMALE > out with friends and almost catch on fire and have exploding light bulbs try to kill me , Sunday- < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > , Monday- almost die again and then went to work but this sure was a damn good weekend 
I got a new puppy 
I absolutely love my new puppy 
I'm a little board how about everyone else 
Seriously I'm going to lose my Internet privileges in school all bc I used f5 to refresh the < PROPFEMALE > to get a counter up . Fucking stupid people 
I think I may join the Navy 
If you brake a pencil in half you get 2 pencils but if you brake a pen in half you get 0 pens . Think about it 
If your day , week , month , year or even your life sucks right now . Just smile through it because at some point it will get better 
Well ain't this just a bitch my day was going good until half an hour ago 
Chip , I'm all jacked up on mountain dew 
Hell yeah getting my tattoo in two weeks 
Don't count the day but instead . Make the days count 
I fail at life 
Id like to know why most fat guys are dating skinny girls but me . I'm mean serially does god just hate me . I really think I fail at life 
Yeah I got a appointment Monday to get my tattoo done 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes I hope you all had a good day to 
Just got inked 
To the COD Cave batman 
Ugh my tattoo is peeling and it itches but o no I can't scratch it or it will be ruined and I think I may have to go for some touch up work I can really see the spot that were missid 
That ain't no etch and sketch . This is one doodle that can't be undid 
It's not how you fall that matters . It's whether or not you decide to get back up 
Your korn bro you r korn 
I've always told people that the worse thing a girl could tell you was \No\ " and you could always get over a no . But I realized that those words are way easier said than done and the no is way worse than you could think " 
I really think that personality is just not that important to teenage girls or he'll any women in our age and time 
Question of the day : What is the first thing that attracts you to another person and I don't mean like a \ man I wish I could bang that\ " attraction I'm talking about a \ " I would love to date that person so I could get to know them\ " attraction " 
All that's work for a no . Man what a shame 
What to do\ 
1 : start on my back and finish in about 4 months\ 
2 : get one on my chest then start on my back after about 6 months 
If the floor is lava than why isn't the furniture melting 
I'm going to go home and but a big enough bathtub to drown myself in the only problem is it'll take a week to get here , 3 hours to set up for something I'm only going to use once 
I think maybe I need a girl that likes me for me 
Someone once told me that I was trying to hard and you know what I think that maybe I am 
Found out today that I passed algebra 2 for the semester so that means I only have to go to 3 classes a day next semester 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQlIhraqL7o&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
I'm not the most confident person but the idea of talkin to someone makes me feel a little better even if nothing happens between us 
Hates not being able to drive it kinda prevents me from enjoying life and getting a good girl 
Muffins are just ugly cupcakes 
I don't want to hurt you but it's still on my list 
This baby food taste nothing like babies 
I'm in shape . Round is a shape 
When nothing goes right . Go left 
Why does life suck . I mean really why is it I can play out ever possibility in my head and the people that can change all this will always use the worst possible outcome 
Woohoo I got a date for prom 
Damn both super bowl teams knocked off in the first round by scrubs haha it's kinda funny 
Look guys you have a choice in a relationship you can either be right or Happy you can't have 
Can you say snow day tomarrow 
Look girls you can't get mad at us guys for who banged when we didn't even know you when we banged them 
So it looks like we have school tomarrow 
So can someone explain this to me how can a school let its students walk to school and let then walk back and forth between buildings when it's -6 outside with a wind chil making it -16 
I just had a thought ... 
Just the thought of talking to you is worth even if we go nowhere 
I swear to god the next person to ask me what's wrong when I keep saying nothing is . I may have to develop a problem just to shut people up 
What the fuck is this every may have a new zodiac sign bc the dates changed 
Here's what I want my facebook friends to do today : Leave me a message and tell me what you really think of me 
It's cold enough to snow and I'm in shorts but yet I'm sweating like crazy bc of a high fever ain't that some shit 
Some family this is 
I think there just may be school in the morning but hey prove me wrong 
I think trying to hard dosnt get me anywhere bc when I be myself I can make someones day and maybe that helps lead to morr 
Same ol ' shit different day 
Nothing sounds all that fun tonight well nothing I got here . Damn these are the night were I wish I had someone to go to the movies or something with but I'm broke so that wouldnt work either 
Pretty shitty day but hey tomorrows a new one right 
Just smiling through is getting tougher 
It's Sunday and if god has the right to a day off so do we 
Yep it's a pretty shitty day again 
I think Mendenhall was giving be some pointers for his next night out 
So what's the worse thing that could happen to me if I drink the water without boiling it first 
So think about this our school won't let us bring in outside drinks I to the building and we can't drink from the fountains bc that's contaminated and there sure as he'll won't buy everyone a bottle of water and even if they did what are the chances of someone using just one a day so how do they expect us to go to school 
No school 
Wind 29/35 close enough\ 
Visibility almost 0\ 
Lasting all day \ 
Yeah I think this may qualify as a blizzard 
Wait what ur telling me no bc I'm to nice WTF 
And I'm back a square 1 
So here it is again and it's like any other a Friday night with nothing to do but hey at least I'm nice right 
And here we are yet again nobody wants to do anything 
Green and yellow . Green and yellow 
And I repeat green and yellow bitches , green and yellow 
Now what < PROPMALE > fucked it up I think u need to quit looking at the crowd for women ur going to rap after the game 
And that would make 2 
Yes Cap it worked 
WTF there's a road condition warning out and we still have school 
One shitty day 
Is there such a thing as being to nice or to confident I guess so 
Hell yeah I get my new Tat tomarrow 
Off the get another 
Ok now I'm hurting 
If this is as far as we go I'll at least have this time and you know who u are 
1 step forward and 2 steps back 
Thank god it's Friday and we all know what that means 
Yeah that was a brand new level 
Ding < PROPFIRST > mother f***ER Ding < PROPFIRST > 
I don't care to fall as long as I have someone to pick up my gun to keep on shooting 
Trying to decided if I should be a < PROPFEMALE > or not 
Life lessons should be learned through experience not taught by words 
Navy or marines 
I can say for certain but I think we have a < PROPFEMALE > in the family 
Week 1 \ 
Weight : 271\ 
Weight to lose : 66 
New chapter in this book called \Life\ " entitled \ " This is my Choice \"" 
\If theres so much free porn out there how do porn companies stay in business \"- < PROPFIRST > Collins " 
4 pounds my first week 
End of week 1\ 
Weight-267\ 
Last weeks-271\ 
Total loss-4 pounds\ 
Weight to go-62\ 
Target weight for the week-achieved and then some 
Well great weekend only now to top it all off I got charged twice for one meal and I'm getting sick 
I really do hate potheads 
Hella stoked for prom 
Yeah guys I think everyone was staring at us 
