Its really boring at 330 in the morning when the hubs is at work and i am not ! 

farmtown is down ! that sucks !! 
I think my depression is back full blast 
i am so tired and my friend < PROPFEMALE > is going to be here in 2 hours to go to her baby shower . 
I jst checked out my hubbies myspace < PROPFEMALE > and one of his friends wifes said ---- i am so glad you finally posted pics of your wedding it looks wonderful*snickering* --- i am in a WTF kinda mood now why would anyone say that mother fucker 
On my way the ob urgent care because my happy ass passed out a few times and im getting hella paranoid and jumpy - these are signs of dehydration for me 
My baby shower is today - and i think only about 3 people i invited are going to show up . the rest are going to be my MILs friends and family . 
Freaked out by strange noises in the house , my electricity keeps cutting out and my big dog crammed himself behind the couch ??!! 
Im doing laundry and forgot to start the dryer -- OOPS 
Dinner is almost cooked . POrk chops rice a < PROPFEMALE > and brocoli -- yum 
I am gonna have a < PROPFEMALE > today !! 
I am off the the hospital .. 
I need company .. 
I really need company 
greys is going to make me bawl 
To my friends who play Cafe World . Please add my hubby < PROPFIRST > Terrel he needs friends and neighbors 
if anyone plays fishville could they add my husband < PROPFIRST > he needs neighbors .. Thanks 
is bg down ??? 
Yeah so I am pretty sure i dont give a shit about anything any more ... 
yup yup just because 
Happy 7 Months Dayanera 
Off to trikke in the park ..... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F14xwuJdyOg 
Sick today .. Why am I sick ?? 
Aww thanks ladies 
I am a grown up ! Knitting is NOT the boss of me ... Okay yes it is ! I am sorry please don't ... No .. Not the needles ! 
Went to the meramec caverns for fathers day 
Will just asked \Why do they put salt on French fry's . It makes it so you cant taste the French or the fry . \"" 
Home 
in Pa . Everyone is ok 
Daya is 9 months today !! 
its to fuckin early -- night 
off to work 
Daya has a toof !! 
My phone keeps typing backward ! wtf ? 
I was baby wearing at the grocery store in my $200 didy ... I was asked of I wanted a stroller , needed a snugi ( baby carrier ) . Then in the parking lot i had a mad look at his pregnant wife and ask her \Why don't we get one of those instead of a stroller ? \"" 
Pagan pride day September 18th 
So its like 4:11 am i have had 5 or 6 margaritas and 2 bottles of beer ......... Why dont they sell beer 24-7 ? I am not drunk enough yet . I can still type and use spell check .. WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Something is making me feel like shit 
The fear Daya just got excited over me putting a hat on her baby dolls ' head 
I am off to see the dickhead that runs Oz .... 
bored 
It feels great to quit ajob you hate !! 
I really hate when things happen and no one makes you aware that they happen 
The worst things ever toddler/ baby shoes with dog toy squeakers 
Getting weird looks at work Manson is on the headphones knitting in hand . 
It just got better shuffle I thank you for the Beatles , Manson , zombie , shakira , odd mix I have going on lol 
What way is up ? 
I fuckin hate getto . Mother fuckers . Go away leave me the fuck alone 
U want a cigarette 
drinking tonight 
well well fuckin hell 
i miss my monsters 
If vodka was water and I was a duck , I'd swim to the bottom and never come up ! But vodka's not water , and I'm not a duck , so hand me that bottle and 
Shut the fuck up 
1 year old ..... 
Fuck'em fuck'em fuck'em all ! 
where the fuck did my chat bar go 
yep i think it may be one of those days . My filter setting seems to be on low : :O 
Its 7:3 am , I need to make 2 pumpkin pies , pumpkin cookies , and 2 pumpkin rolls . Because I work 32 hours in the next 3 days 
gooble gooble all 
Totally digging my new phone . Now to decide if I want to keep it 
Dayanera just headbutted me so hard in her sleep that she gave me a bloody nose 
I have a new phone NONE of my contacts transferred . If you want me to know who you are please message me with your name ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > this meansvyou two also . NO < PROPFIRST > ! 
Two years today 
Blah 
I hate the spring time change 
Just found my half sister ..... 
What a day ! Met my sister , my cousin , found 2 aunts one of whom i have never met as well as added a cousin that i didnt know was on fb .. so again what a crazy exciting day ! 
going to the store to get stuff for dinner . fun fun 
I don't wanna work 
Its < PROPFEMALE > and crappy out . This IIS a day made for sleeping and being lazy watching old movies and drinking wine . Not listening to people with to much money whine .... 
Been at work for 2 hours and I'm still asleep 
Still . At work still asleep ... 
No no no . 
here is to a long weekend ! I should go get my patron ! 
I really hate petty shit 
Damn it I have heartburn . 
Everyone got burnt at the medfaire but t'was fun ! 
Random fact . If you peel a banana from the bottom rather then the top it doesn't have any strings on it . 
