got a baseball game on my mom's birthday and i'm pitching i better do good . lol 

had a baseball game and hit a homerun . 
Has a baseball game today and hopefully does good . 
Getting ready to play a baseball game today 
relaxing . 
getting ready to play baseball tonight . 
Going To a PARTY !!! YEAH !!!! 
............... 
thanks guys . finally 16 !!!! 
16 Baby ! 
CC and A-rod r BEASTS !!!!! 
Smallvile is the best tv show in the WORLD !!!!!!!!!! 
I'd give it all to you Letting go of me Reaching as I fall I know it's already over now Nothing left to lose Loving you again I know it's already over . 
Happy ThanksGiving Everyone ! 
Getting ready to go to my Grandma's 
The refs blew the game again 
Chillin 
happy its the weekend ! 
Cause what’s true , about you , Who are you when I’m gone , Wanted to be with you . Don’t know what I was on 
You texted me to say you made a mistake Couldn't say it face to face You thought you wanted him and got what you deserved Now look who's getting played They say < PROPFEMALE > comes around Used to want you , but I don't now 
neck is hurting again from chatting with a friend :P ;) 
I'm sorry for changing I'm sorry it had to be this way Believe me , it's easier just to pretend But , I won't apologize for who I am . 
You think you know me so well You put me down , it builds you up You’re kicking me around You just can’t get enough And all your friends surround you Oh , without them by your side You start to show your weakness It's something you can’t hide 
I'm not afraid when I'm with you I'm afraid when I'm without you And I don't know what to do Cause I'm afraid when I'm without you Put me in a padded room Cause I might go crazy I might go a little bit insane Without my baby My whole world doesn't look the same I'm so afraid without you 
You did it to yourself Now you're all by yourself Acting like you hate me left because you made me You played me to the left Now there's nobody left to hear your complaining I'm gone and all you're hearing is your own < PROPFEMALE > . 
You think you’ve heard this before Well , I’ll try and say it differently As long as it comes naturally to me It’s been makin’ me sad Cuz I can’t find a better way To speak the words I wanna say to you Oh , how I love you Oh , how I need you That I want you to know Won’t let you down No , I can’t let go And I want you to see Everyday I wear my heart on my sleeve . 
Game at 7:30 at St < PROPFIRST > 
tired out from my game zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Despite the lies that you're making Your love is mine for the taking My love is Just waiting To turn your tears to roses I will be the one that's gonna hold you I will be the one that you run to . 
Who's gonna fight for what's right Who's gonna help us survive We're in the fight of our lives And we're not ready to die Who's gonna fight for the weak Who's gonna make ' em believe i've got a hero I've got a hero livin in me 
Go Hard or Go Home 
happy he is not sick anymore ! 
Farmville neighbors : Please help with my expansion for my chicken coop . I need four more friends to click on my profile < PROPFEMALE > under the chicken coop in the next two hours . Please any help will be greatly appreciated !!!!!! Thanks !!! 
Game 7:00 at St < PROPFIRST>'s Tonight !!!!! 
championship game against st. pats tomorrow ...... 
Championship game tonight . LET GO ANGELS !!!!! 
kinda bored :P 
Ohh when I'm around you I'm predictable Cause I believe in loving you with first sight I know it's crazy but I'm hoping To take a hold of you 
You know you love me I know you care And I would never not be there You are my love You are my heart And we would never ever be apart 
Appreciate everything you have . < PROPFEMALE > every moment u have with the one u love and don't take it for granted . Some just don't know what they got till it's gone . 
what to do what to do ? 
going outside to have some fun :D 
Know y'all been patiently waiting , I know you need me , I can feel it , I'm a beast , I'm an animal , I'm that monster in the mirror , The headliner , finisher , I'm the closer , winner . Best when under pressure one second's left I show up . 
really really bored 
is very hungry and does not know what to eat . :| 
going out later 
is really tired had a LONG day zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
I will survive as long as it's you by my side 
so far has had a great day :) 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous 
they might say hi and i might say hey but you shouldn't worry about what they say cos they got nothing on you baby 
:( 
\every time i see you its like i'm seeing you for the first time all over again \"" 
had a really great day :) 
\lying awake for hours just thinking of you \"" 
Cuse :| 
Weekend <3 
imma be 
but all i know is that im missing you i dont care about nothing else but you 
uhhhhhhh 
watching a movie :) 
I got so much love for you darlin 
I just wanna get your attention 
Sometimes I wish I could save you And there're so many things that I want you to know I won't give up till it's over If it takes you forever I want you to know 
Doctors yay :P 
what to do today ? 
what the heck happened to the \who's following you\ " app ? " 
I look around me But all I seem to see Is people going no where Expecting sympathy It's like we're going through the motions Of a scripted < PROPFEMALE > Tell me where's our inspiration If life wont wait I guess it's up to me . 
Don't wake me cause i never want to leave this dream 
When it’s you I’m dreaming of I don’t wanna wake up 
going to my cousins :) 
Breathe your life into me I still need you 
hmmmmm ... 
That if you fall stumble down I'll pick you up off the ground If you lose faith in you I'll give you strength to pull through 
Happy its the weekend <3 
going out to go play some hoops later 
had some fun and now is tired :P 
Don’t wake me We’re together just you and me 
I've got so much love for you darlin And I wanna let you know how I feel it's true that I love you it's true you're the only one And I do I adore you 
i thought it was become a fan not like :P 
i liked the become a fan thing better :P 
i'm afraid when i'm without you 
bro's got a baseball game at 5:45 what to do before then :P 
dead tired 
long exhausting day :P 
can finally relax :P 
had lots of fun today :) 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind For me it happens all the time 
Cause when I'm with you my senses come alive Almost like the puzzle piece I've been trying to find Falls right into place you're all that it takes My doubts fade away when I'm with you 
going to my bro's game later 
No other girls on my brain and you the one to blame 
After 3 hours i'm finally done mowing the back yard :P 
after 3 hours i'm finally done mowing the back yard :P 
mmmmmmmmm french fries 
Another baseball game today this is what you get when u have brothers on different teams :P 
eh :\\ 
I'm swimming in the deep end Only you can rescue me There's no need to pretend You're the missing piece of me I'm so afraid without you 
There's nothing left to lose the fight never ends I can't face the dark without you 
Just got back for Dommer's baseball game they Won 8-2 and he got 3 RBI\S and came and got the the last out pitching GREAT JOB !! " 
Just played a hectic game of baseball in our backyard with my brothers and sisters ... its kinda fun playing when u can't see the ball lol 
Hey Grand ...... PA !!! ;D 
Man this is one of the best nights i've had in a while :D 
Skype can be < PROPFEMALE > much fun then it can be a pain in the butt :P 
i now know what tired really means :P 
Fruit Rounds r the BEST !!! mmmmm 
hmmmmm .... 
the day turned out pretty good 
Bro has a bball game later 
Dommer hit a home run YEAH BABY !!! 
FINALLY !!! 
I think our furnace hates me :P 
This is why english is like my least favorite subject :P 
Done :P 
what to do :P 
YEAH !!! the twins finally got a win lol 
Too many times I’ve been wrong I guess being right takes too long I’m done waiting theres nothing left to do But give all I have to you 
I love weed wacking :P 
Shower then dommer's game 
1 for 2 with bball games Twins won by 1 and Dommer lost by 1 in extra innings oh well :P 
Really ??? snow in May ???? WTH 
Do you know what it feels like loving someone that’s in a rush to throw you away 
Well atleast its not snowing :P 
Roast Beef , Turkey , or Ham ?... personally i like roast beef mmmmm 
Let's not lose this < PROPMALE > Hold onto my hands Let's not waste this time 
I don't need no other one all i need is you 
Dommer won 15-0 lol 
Twins won like 17-7 finally a blowout lol 
Really Cavs ??? 
No other girl's is on my brain and your the one to blame 
Do you ever hear me calling Cause every night I'm Still trying to get to you 
hopefully the day is good :P 
pretty good day :) 
Running a thousand < PROPMALE > trying to get to where you are 
just umped his first game ;) 
OMG !!! 
lots to do today 
Had a blast today and now is tired :P 
is wicked tired from the party yesterday :P 
Baseball game 
Don't you worry about them other girls They don't really mean a thing to me I'm just trying to be what you deserve 
I could dream of ways to see you I could close my eyes to dream I fantasize about you 
All i need is you 
You think you’ve heard this before Well I’ll try and say it differently As long as it comes naturally to me It’s been makin’ me sad Cuz I can’t find a better way To speak the words I wanna say to you Oh how I love you 
wants to do something exciting ..... very soon :P 
Had a blast today :) 
what a nice way to start my day by waking up at 6 :P 
had an ok day waking up at 6 didn't help :P 
She's like a < PROPFEMALE > 
Going out to my cousins later 
Had a blast at my cousins my little cousin wouldn't let me leave Hahaha love you < PROPFEMALE > 
hmmm ... :\\ 
Dommer hit a GRAMD SLAM !!!!! YEAH !!! 
just got done mowing the lawn for 3 hours :P 
later all going to a baseball game 
just got home a little while ago close game but they lost 8-6 The twins played really well Good Job 
Not feeling so good today :P 
hopefully i feel better tomorrow :P 
Kinda feeling better :P 
People say follow your heart and you can't go wrong but when you do it just gets broken most of the time 
Going to Dommer's game later 
i hate this i'm feeling better then i feel crappy feeling :P 
Relaxing Tomorrow .... and Birthday Party 
I hope to is a good day .... Wait I Know today is going to be a good day :) 
The day is going pretty good Just played some basketball and now i think its time to go play some baseball :) 
Had a great time today we just had a bonfire :) 
today was pretty good :) 
Had fun playing baseball 
pretty happy :) 
I'm So EXCITED !!!!! 
Had a GREAT time today :) 
Running into a chain link fence is allways fun while playing tennis :P 
Beautiful Monster 
Baseball is starting in like a week :) 
Dommer has a baseball game later .... then maybe relaxing ? 
Other then this headache today has been good 
I don't like headaches :P 
lets see to baseball games tomorrow and thats about it :P 
Headache is going away .... i think lol 
Dentist tomorrow morning FUN !!! lol 
2 Baseball games to go to later 
I wanna be forever young 
I like it 
Just got back from my first game struck out 4 guys in 2 innings :) 
Heading out soon 
just got back from the grad party had some fun :) 
tired but that never stopped me before haha 
There’s so many ways to love ya Got me like oh my gosh I’m so in love I found you finally 
Crazy lol 
I'm ready to fall asleep :P 
Going to the park :) 
The park was fun had a homerun derby :) 
Never say never 
Won 1 0-0 pitched 2 innings and was 1 for 3 with a walk :) 
Forever is a long time I'm not gonna lie Is that a promise you can make 
Baseball game later :) 
Your heart's the target But every time I fire I can’t get through I fight my hardest but I'm runnin out of weapons to use But losing's not an option So I keep shootin my love away but she is bulletproof 
Had fun at my Uncle's 50th birthday party 
What's wrong with me :P lol 
Round and Round 
Baseball game at 5:30 
Can't wait for tomorrow :) 
We won 9-1 i think lol was 1-2 with a walk and pitched 2 innings 
Is going to have a very busy Month of July lol 
You see me standing there And act like you dont know me But last night you were calling me Saying you want me 
Baseball game later 
Just got back Won 1 0-0 
Baseball Game 
Going down to Long Island for a Baseball Tourny all weekend 
Just got back from Baseball heaven .... had a blast we went down to the ocean :) 
Baseball Heaven why did u do that to us ??? :( 
Going to Philly for a Baseball tourny tomorrow 
Can you say \ Miami Heat 2011 Champs ? \"" 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow for a bball tourny 
Why does < PROPFEMALE > have to be 5 hours away ? 
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap 
Getting ready to go to my game 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to D.C and had a great time 
Its good to be home :) 
Have you ever love somebody so much You can barely breathe 
Had a great time at my Cousins :) 
Baseball game today 
Has had a long tiring day :P But won both our games 
When\ 
I compliment her She wont believe me It's so Sad to think she don’t see\ 
what I see But every time she asks me Do I look okay I say When I see\ 
your face There’s not a thing that I would change Cause you’re\ 
amazing Just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and\ 
stares for awhile Cause girl you’re amazin 
Her eyes Make the stars look like they're not shining 
White Collar is AMAZING 
Going to go play some Basketball at BU later 
Had a good time at my Friends 
Game at NYSEG Tomrrow 
That's when she said I don't hate you I just want to save you while there's still something left to save that's when I told her I love you 
Game at NYSEG at 3:00 
Won 1 0-0 Pitched 2 1/3 innings struck out 6 out of the 7 guys i faced and was 2 for 3 
Wish you were here ..... 
Ouch ..... do not get an in-grown finger nail it hurts like hell when u dig it out :P 
Going to a B-Mets game 
The floors underneath our feet are crumbling The walls we built together tumblin ' I still stand here holdin ' up the roof Cause it's easier than telling the truth . 
Now the party's over And every bodys gone I'm left here with myself and I wonder what went wrong And now my heart is broken Does it really matter Or am I just < PROPMALE > over you 
Won 12-0 was 2-3 with a RBI 
Assassin's Creed 2 is Amazing 
You ever love somebody so much You can barely breathe When you're with them You meet And neither one of you Even know what hit ' em 
I Hate Flies !!! :P 
....... :P 
Baseball game 7:45 
Beat J.C 7-0 Pitched 6 innings and struck out 14 
Championship game at 6:30 
Going to go play some tennis 
Has is been that long since i checked my email ? 1388 things in my inbox ? lol 
Has a busy Weekend this week 
I swear now I can't take it knowing somebody's got my baby 
Going to BU tomorrow for a baseball camp 
Here's the start to a very long baseball day 
Is exhausted from basball camp but had a great time 
Had a great time yesterday with his friends :) 
It's a Love Hate thing ..... You love it when summer starts but hate it when it ends 
There are some dreams that you really wish were real 
Who do you think you are Running around leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold From the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me 
< PROPFEMALE > much wood to split :P 
what a long tiring day :P 
School tomorrow yay :P 
i forgot how much i hated school 
Girl if perfect what ur looking for then just stay the same 
Being sick is so much fun :P 
I'm missing you so much Cant help it i'm in love A day without is like a year with out rain I need you by my side Don't know how i'll survive 
Hopefully i feel better tomorrow 
Played alot of Football and Basketball today 
Take a bite of my heart tonight 
I want to make you feel like your the only girl in the world Like your the only one that I'll ever love Like I'm the only one who knows your heart 
Can today get any worse ? 
............ :P 
Am I just wasting my time ? 
Send me a sign Turn back the clock Give me some time I need to break out 
Going to my Friends house :) 
Had a great time :) 
CALLED IT !!!! way to go TEX !!!! 
LET'S GO YANKS !!! 
Yanks 2-0 Rays 0-2 things are looking good :) 
They say were flying to high well get use to looking up 
Thats how its done Yanks !!! 
Way to go YANKS !!!! on to the next round 
4 More Days 
Had a great time today 
Your heart's the target But every time I fire I can't get through I fight my hardest but I'm runnin out of weapons to use But losing's not an option So I keep shootin my love away But this girl is bulletproof 
Who would have thought after all this time its tomorrow 
Thanks Everyone for all the Birthday Wishes :) 
Way To Go YANKS !!! thats how its done 
Having a GREAT time with my friends :) 
Heres the Start of an Exciting Day :) 
HAD ... A ... BLAST today 
Gave you all i had and you tossed it in the trash 
Going to BU to meet with the Baseball Coach 
Had a great time with my sister :) today she took me to her classes hahaha 
this was one of the best and most fun times bowling hahaha 
I want you To want me I want you To need me I want you To hear my confession I want to be your Obsession 
It’s a little too late to say that you’re sorry now\ 
You kicked me when I was down 
Going to BU 
Had a great time at the Hockey Game Great Job < PROPFIRST > 
Here's the situation Been to every nation Nobody’s ever made me feel the way that you do 
Finally i've been waiting for BBall to start Game at 4:30 
Pretty Good first game if i say so myself 
2-0 is a pretty good way to start your season 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse , copy and paste to your status and invite your friends !!! 
Feeling semi better haha 
Double overtime win .... Wow 
Black ops is like the best game ever 
Game later 
I enjoy owning my brothers in NBA 2K11 haha 
BBall game later 
Great all around game tonight boys 
Going to a Basketball game 
Gonna go play some BBall tomorrow morning 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Every One 
Had a great time with the family :) 
Won our basketball game and now Black Ops all Night hahaha 
Had a great time playing basketball with my friends for over 3 hours haha 
Going to BBall practice soon 
BBall game tonight 7:30 at St Marys 
I never been in space before But I never seen a face like yours You make me feel like I could touch the planets You want the < PROPFEMALE > girl watch me grab it 
Now thats a team win lol 
BBall game at 7:30 
Would you hold it against me 
But you just cannot deny There’s a spark between us 
Had a GREAT time at my Friends 
Pretty pretty please if you ever feel like you're nothing You're perfect to me 
:) 
I hate my brothers soooooooooo MUCH !!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a pretty good time last night 
BBall Game at 7 at St. < PROPMALE > 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us !!! 
All i have to ask is WHY ???????? 
BBall game 7:30 at OLGC 
BBall Practice soon 
I think the \TurtleDuck\ " is my new favorite animal hahaha " 
Hope St Pats is ready 
hmmmmm 
Can't wait till tomorrow get to < PROPFEMALE > out with My Cousins 
Had a GREAT time 
< PROPMALE > be the city where we like to do the dance Flex to the left throw some money out ya hands We do it for the city and We do it for the fans But to ball like Wall Boy you gotta do the dance 
BBall game at Newman 7:30 
BEST GAME EVER !!!!! 
All < PROPFEMALE > Game tonight at St < PROPFIRST>'s 
First Play-Off Game of the Year !!! Vs . St < PROPFIRST>'s 7:00 at Seton Middle School 
I know you better than you know yourself So don't say I'm crazy I know very well It's you and me against the world That's what you said If you can't be honest with me Then I'm afraid this is the end 
Happy Valentines Day Everyone :) <3 
Who do you think you are Running ' round leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold From the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me Who do you think you are 
CYO CHAMPS !!! 
Wants to do something exciting but probs won't lol 
Although there's pain in my chest I still wish you the best with a ... Forget you 
Got my teeth cleaned .... Went out to Lunch with my Mom Dad Sister and Grandpa ... pretty good day 
Bosh .... why did u have to shoot 1-18 ? 
Hey girl you know you drive me crazy One look puts the rhythm in my hand Still I'll never understand why you < PROPFEMALE > around I see what's going down 
What turned out me thinking today was only going to be Ok .... Turned out to be Great ... Had a great time with Logan .. and i guess < PROPFIRST > wasn't to bad jk 
Did you know I'm thinking of you everyday 
UNC !!!!! 
I hate the snow ....... 
I'm about to lose my mind You've been gone for so long I'm running out of time I need a doctor Call me a doctor I need a doctor To bring me back to life 
< PROPFIRST > Durant what more can i say BEAST ! 
I think that all the silence is worse than all the violence Fear is such a weak emotion thats why I despise it We scared of almost everything afraid to even tell the truth So scared of what you think of me I’m scared of even telling you 
its < PROPFEMALE > cold in my basement :P 
My brothers don't know how to be quiet ............. 
i'm < PROPFEMALE > bored :P 
I'm letting you go You're letting me down Been caught in your rain and I almost drowned I'm letting you go our love's black and blue How many words does it take To say I'm through 
I thought that we were building something strong he apologizes and now you're gone and i wont put up with this you wanna go , go just hope you know baby you're gonna be lonely , lonely again 
After Forgetting my SS card the first time then getting sick the second i Finally got MY PERMIT !!!!!! And to Top it off i got to drive home in our < PROPFIRST > ( aka Bus) !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Durant best player ever 
ooo Yeah UNC 
Ohio St-Kentucky game < PROPFEMALE > good 
WHAT A GAME !!! 
i just don't understand you must like punishment if you get hurt again just remember that you asked for it 
Now all we need is for North < PROPFEMALE > To win 
