Gotta go get ready for church ... Mafia Wars is SOOOO addicting ... LOL 

Would all the North Shore alumni look through my elementary school pics and tag yourselves ... you might be surprised at who you see .... LOL 
Please tell me life is not so cruel ... < PROPFIRST > , you will FOREVER be missed !!!! 
OMG !!! Bonjovi's Never Say Goodbye is playing on the radio !!! Talk about memories .... 
Hey Everyone !!! I am working at Lander's Dodge Chrysler Jeep in Bossier City , LA !!! We have some great sales going on right now !!! If you are looking for a new vehicle , let me know . I will gladly work with those of you in other areas over the phone and computer !!!! Talk to you soon !!! 
Hey Everyone !!! I am working at Lander's Dodge Chrysler Jeep in Bossier City , LA !!! We have some great sales going on right now !!! If you are looking for a new vehicle , let me know . I will gladly work with those of you in other areas over the phone and computer !!!! Talk to you soon !!! 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > !!! A little over 4 hours to go !!! 
I am very frustrated . My chat on here keeps messing up . Anyone else having trouble ? 
Back at work !!! Yay !!!! Anyone need a truck , car or < PROPFIRST > ??? Please ??? ( lol ) 
I borrowed this from a friend ... so appropriate !!! I pledge allegiance to The Saints , and to the great city of New Orleans ; and to The Super Bowl , for which we will win ; One city , below sea level , under God ; with Mardi Gras & alcohol for all . AMEN ! Who Dat ! Geaux Saints !! 
Ok my man still catches me by surprise .... I got home today , well tonight , with him ushering me into the bedroom ( and shooing the kids out ) then leading me to the bathroom . The bathroom was very warm and candlelit with a nice hot bath already for me . I had to give him a great big hug and kiss for that one . It was so nice !!!! Thank you , < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
My mom had two masses discovered in her lungs a couple of weeks ago ( one in each ) . Her biopsy results are in today . We are just waiting for the doctor to call . Please pray !!! 
Well , I am waiting for my sister to let me know what the doctor said . So far I have a little bit of info from my brother-in-law . The tests were inconclusive . They have to do some more in depth testing . It is not the same as what she had before but still not sure if it is actually cancer or not . 
ATTENTION !!! We have the MOST UNHEARD of sale this week at Lander's ( in Bossier City) !!! It is called the WHITE CHRISTMAS WISH !!! Come in between today ( 12/11 ) and next Friday ( 12/18 ) , make a purchase of any Dodge , Chrysler , or Jeep product THEN WHEN IT SNOWS ON CHRISTMAS DAY , we will cover the purchase price of your vehicle !!!!!!!! Who can pass that up ? Call me at 318.797.1233 or directly at 318.200.1371 !!!! 
Please pray ? My niece called me earlier . My nephew ( who has a brain tumor ) is not doing so well and needs our prayers . I pray for peace for him and all the family . God knows what is best , we have to trust in Him . 
Ok Everyone !!! Today is the last day !!! If you are thinking about getting a new vehicle , today is the day to do it ! When it snows on Christmas Day , your vehicle will be free !!! Come in to Lander's and see the GREAT vehicles we have !!! 
Ok ... how many out there are in upheaval over the Saints/Cowboys game !?!?!?!?! ( As I sit with my hand raised ) 
Thats ok !!! Even tho the Saints lost this game , they still have a better record than most of the other teams !!!! MY Saints will be ok !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 2011 Here we come !!! 
THis is hilarious !! Im watching 6 kids on tjhe go cart track and they are all mine !! Well , 4 of them are , the other two I claim ! 
THis is hilarious !! Im watching 6 kids on the go cart track and they are all mine !! Well , 4 of them are , the other two I claim ! 
I am trying so stay positive but right now I have so many things on my mind !!! 
That is supposed to be \trying TO stay positive \"" 
Everything you face , good or bad , changes you . It all makes me stronger !!! :) 
Please pray for my nephew , < PROPFIRST > Ayres , and family . He is coming to the end of his struggle with a brain tumor . I am going to < PROPMALE > this weekend to visit with my brother's and family that I haven't seen in WAY TOO LONG !!! 
To all who have been praying for my nephew and his family , he passed away this morning at 2:30 am . Thank you for your prayers so far and please keep his 8 year old daughter and the rest of the family in your prayers . We love you < PROPMALE > !! 
WOOHOO !!! WHO DAT !!!! 
WOOHOO !!!! WHO DAT !!! YAY !!! SAINTS ARE SUPERBOWL BOUND !!!! BOURBON STREET IS CRAZY !!!! 
It is first born appreciation week . Make your first born your profile picture and post birth stats in comments . ( repost this ! ) < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Swilley : 6 lbs , born at 12:09 am July 4 , 1988 
Well 3 of my 4 children now have their license !!! Congrats Bubba !!! 
at Texas Motor Speedway ! All I can say ... AWESOME !!! 
Ok , can anyone help ? I am trying to upload some photos but it isn't letting me .... UUUUUGGGGGHHHH !!!! These are VERY important photos too . From Texas Motor Speedway !!! 
I am heading to < PROPMALE > later today . Can't wait to spend a little bit of time with my son !! Also going to look at wedding dresses with my Sis !!! 
Off to class I go !!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the GREAT Mom's out there !!! 
My 13 yo daughter is going to be singing in the talent show at her school today . She is so nervous ... or so she says . Even tho she says that , I never can tell . Wish I knew how to record it to put on here . She would kill me tho ... LOL 
Anyone ever feel like you just can't take another breath without going to pieces ? On one hand I know God's plan is at work and I trust that more than anything .... but its like my mind doesn't want to accept it ... lol . If that makes any sense . 
2 tickets to < PROPMALE > Dunham - Centurytel Center ( Bossier City , LA ) on June 25th @ 8p . Section 7 on the floor . We paid $108 for them . Anybody want a go ? 
I'm ssssoooooo sick !!! Never take children to the store when u dont have a voice . I tried to say no but it came out in sqeaks . Thankfully my point got across . 
After being in bed most of last weekend , this one is starting out a bit better . Hopefully it will continue to be GREAT !!! 
And they tie .... GO SAINTS !!!! 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me do chores , go to church and school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the things I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic and respect for the law . I tha ... nk God every day for my MEAN parents ! ( copy and paste if you agree ) 
Well some good news today ... Ariel went to the doctor last week and the doctor told her the knot on the side of her neck \might\ " be cancer . Lab results are back and no indications of cancer !!! " 
wow ! Thanks everyone ! I was gonna say my younger daughter and soon to be stepdaughter were the only happy birthdays I've gotten today ... then I checked FB ! Thank you all , sooooooo much ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!! GOOD FOOD , FRIENDS AND FAMILY !!! THANK YOU LORD FOR THIS DAY !! 
has lost herself somewhere along the way , doesn't even know where to begin looking 
The wisest person follows three rules in life : See all , hear all but say NOTHING . 
Finals are over for this semester !!!! I know I made an A ( 92 ) in Anatomy and Physiology , and I know I made a 92 on my Swedish final . Not sure what my grades are for CPR/First Aid and Palpation yet . I know I made 100s on all my CPR test except 2 ( which were both 80s ) . 
Yeah , I have to second < PROPFIRST>'s comment .... this Christmas SUCKS !!!! 
Alright !!! There we go !!! Keep it up , Saints !!! 
Stuck in Texarkana !!! 
