Have a Hollywood Christmas and an Undead New Year 

And I cant get ' round the way you left me out in the open , to leave me to die . So how can I forget the way you lead me through the path into heaven , to leave me behind 
You are the one who made the decision , stuck in a prison , shattered and broken 
So you look to me to find the truth And what I say is what you do But everyone you look up to Is really as fucked up as you Time is getting shorter With these enforced disorders And we get blamed to pushed around Whose the fuckin’ villain now ? 
Its been one week since you looked at me , threw your arms in the air and said you're crazy 
I want you to know , I want you to see . I want you to look beyond your own eyes . past your afflictions . I want you to hurt , want you to bleed . I want you to look beyond your own face . past your infections . 
Peel me from the skin Tear me from the rind Does it make you happy now ? Tear meat from the bone Tear me from myself Are you feeling happy now ? 
ducks are the most useless animal and they taste terrible 
Let it all burn , I will burn first . God I've tried , am I lost in your eyes ? Just let me burn , It's what I deserve . God I've lied , am I lost in your eyes ? 
Just a little story about last Christmas . About some bad kids who were full of wishes . We gave some gifts and then we gave some lovin ' . The weird kind of love that you give to your cousin 
so we jumped in his sleigh and it started to jingle , funnier than fuck you can ask < PROPFIRST > Kringle . so we all took flight but something was fishy . he asked for road head and started to kiss me . underneath his suit was just a bunch of pillows . instead of bags of presents , he had bags of dildo's . I pulled down his beard and it was a monster . it wasn't saint < PROPMALE > it was a fuckin imposter 
Fuck ! Father , bastard , I'm the Devil's very own . Mother , know not , just who I've become . Father , hate me , for being all your not . Mother's baby , I hate what I've become . I hate what I've become . I hate what I've become ... 
with a thousand lies and a good disguise , hit em right between the eyes , hit em right between the eyes . when you walk away nothing more to say , see the lightning in their eyes , see them running for their lives 
ever haunted by the trappings of this life , sweet redemtion just in front of me 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost . It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over . Trials in life , questions of us existing here . Don't wanna die alone without you here . Please tell me what we have is real . 
why < PROPFIRST > Ragan ... WHY ?!?!?!?! 
take my place and look inside , I'm trying to find a place to hide , hide . lost my faith but don't you cry I got a hole inside and it's ten < PROPMALE > wide . 
I see my vision burn , I feel my memories fade with time , but I'm too young to worry . A < PROPFEMALE > , a memory , or just one picture 
So take me and make me , weakened and save me , this hate that you gave me , keeps saying the same thing : to sing when you hurt , and to sing when you cry , to sing when you live , and to sing when you die . And here at the end , at the end of the hurt , all the pain ain't the same , when it's your turn to burn . 
It feels like I'm killin myself . Just wheelin myself . Just to pray for some help . I'd give it all just to have , have your eternity . Cause it's all that assures me . It's worth all that hurts me . I'd give you my heart , And let you just hold it . I'd give you my soul , But I already sold it . On that day that day , The day I walked away in december . I will always remember . I'll regret it forever . 
Say , is that rain or are they tears ? That stained your concrete face for years . Crying , weeping , shedding strife Year after year , life after life . A narrow freshly broken ground . A concrete angel laid right down . Upon the < PROPFEMALE > that swallows fast . It's peace at last . Oh , peace at last ... 
Would she hear me , if I called her name ? Would she hold me , if she knew my shame ? Your tears don't fall , they crash around me Her conscious calls , the guilty to come home Your tears don't fall , they crash around me Her conscious calls , the guilty to come home 
Can you hear the thunder ? Can you feel the raining force ? Melt down all your windows , that barricade the doors . Mother nature's fury takes you by the hand , showing all but mercy wrecking death upon the land . 
Demand me nothing . What you know , you know . From this time forth , I never will speak word . 
On and on although you're gone , candles burn without a flame on . Our final call to you , I know you're listening How could you leave us that way ? Where did you go ? ( ten years today ! ) 
In a world that I dont want to know , With a message that I never want to send , To be free from all of this , I want you to quicken my end . Don't tell me I cannot go , When the wound in me refuses to mend , Deliver me from all of this , I want you to quicken my end . 
So what's wrong tough guy , why the tears ? You drove me to this now you disappear . Now all those acts repaid , Your turn to be afraid . Not longer almost done . Oh god just what have I become ? Try to fight you only make things worse . Screams of agony your final verse . 
This battered room I've seen before . The broken bones they heal no more . ( no more ) With my last breath I've choked in , Will this ever end ? I'm hopin ' My world is over one more time . 
Candles burn slowly , Flames shine so brightly . Light in the darkness , Save me from madness . Only the lonely , could possibly know me . Heat keeps on rising , Fire engulfs me . 
What's going on today ? Why must it be this way ? We're going nowhere and We're still knocking the need to bow down They think we're all the same . And always we're to blame For shit I think is lame . It's time to stop the game . I think it's time to pay for everything you made me say . 
Round and round you're turnin ' me . Inside out you're burnin ' me . Down , down , down you're spillin ' me . To the ground you're killin ' me 
It's my funeral , welcome you all . This is the end of the line , so thank you for coming along . My time has come , I don't wanna leave you behind , but this one I'll do on my own . 
Theres not much longer so dont try and fight , Your bodies weakening so walk to the light . All those painfull times so alone so ashamed , I'm not coming back there's nothing to gain . 
God has spoken hrough his conscience . As I scream aim and fire , The death toll grows higher . 
She's got a smile that it seems to me , Reminds me of childhood memories , Where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky . She's got eyes of the bluest skies . And if they thought of rain , I'd hate to look into those eyes , And see an ounce of pain . 
I'm 6-6-sick . 6-6-sick . I'm bleeding from internally and burning in eternity . I'm 6-6-sick . 6-6-sick . 
My time is ending ! I feel its only just begun ! Now I'm frustrated ! I can't believe you're not the one ! My ears are bleeding ! Her voice resides inside my head ! Now I'm choking ! Release this noose around my neck ! 
The clock is ticking , my heart is bursting through my chest . And now I'm crying , the tears are pouring off my face . The chair is creaking , her voice resides inside my head . And now it's over , you put this noose around my neck . 
You will believe my lies , that I'm not like other guys . That < PROPFEMALE > in my eyes , is part of my disguise . You're in a place for fear , lips are for biting here . lets make this moment worth the while , lets kill the night and go down in style . 
WE WILL NEVER SLEEP ! KUZ SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK ! NO WE WILL NEVER REST ! TIL WE'RE ALL FUCKIN ' DEAD ! I'VE SAID IT BEFORE AND I'LL SAY IT AGAIN ! IF YOU THINK YOU'RE ALIVE THEN YOU'RE BETTER OFF DEAD ! 
One By One , We Bite The Dust . We Kick The Bucket And Begin To Rust , Give Up The Ghost When Your Number's Up . We All Fall Down . 
I saw you look away , Is what you've seen to much to take , or are you blind and seeing nothing ? I saw you run away . Is what I've done to much to take , or are you scared of being nothing ? 
I'm not gonna blame this on you , I know I gave it all I got , No , I'm not gonna blame this on you , I'll tell you that its not your fault . But honestly , you're killing me , I'm sick of us wasting time , I took your heart , tore it apart , Watching us die tonight . 
5 A.M at Georges house : George : ( looking up at me ) Guess whose on the 30-yard line ? Me : Who ? George : ( shaking his head ) Forget it Me : Whose on the 30-yard line ? George : ( laying head back down and saying angrily ) Just forget it 
The sun is up , I see things clearly . Your bruises show so bluntly , For me this must be tempting . Body shaking . ( Body shaking ) Darkness fading . ( Darkness fading ) Can you please keep screaming , Screaming blood for me ? 
This is a test of your strength , and your will to survive . If you give up now , they're gonna eat you alive . 
Master of Puppets are pulling your strings , twisting your mind and smashing your dreams . Blinded by me you can't see a thing . Just call my name ' cause I'll hear you scream . 
I'm coming home . I've been gone for far too long . Do you remember me at all ? ( I'm leaving ) Have I fucked things up again ? ( I'm dreaming ) Too much time without you spent . I've been far away . When I see your face my hearts burst into fire ( hearts burst into fire ) You're not alone . I know I'm far from home . Do you remember me at all ? ( I'm leaving ) Do you wait for me again ? ( I'm screaming ) No more days without you spent . 
Welcome to where time stands still , no one leaves and no one will . The < PROPFEMALE > is full , never seems to change , just labeled mentally deranged . Dream the same thing every night , I see our freedom in my sight . No locked doors , no windows barred , no things to make my brain seem scarred . Sleep my friend and you will see , that dream is my reality . They keep me locked up in this cage , can't they see it's why my brain says rage ? 
When you came in the air went out . And every shadow filled up with doubt . I don't know who you think you are , But before the night is through , I wanna do bad things with you . I'm the kind to sit up in his room . Heart sick an ' eyes filled up with gloom . I don't know what you've done to me , But I know this much is true : I wanna do bad things with you . 
Have you no honor ? Have you no soul ? What is there to die for , do you really even know ? Have you no backbone ? Have you no spine ? Whatever happened to \no one gets left behind \"?" 
I don't wanna be here anymore , in < PROPFEMALE > Letters . Carved in two , what once was me . Once was yours , no more . 
Don't know what's going on , Don't know what went wrong . Feels like a hundred years . I still can't believe you're gone So I'll stay up all night , With these bloodshot eyes . While these walls surround me with the story of our life . I feel so much better , Now that you're gone forever . I tell myself that I don't miss you at all . I'm not lying , denying , that I feel so much better now that you're gone forever . 
I'm on the hunt , I'm on the prowl . I can almost taste it now . I'm on your scent , I'll track you down . I'm on you now ! Drain your blood ! Watch it pour ! Drain your blood , bleed no more ! Please forgive me ( please forgive me ) I don't know what I'm doing . Someone help me , start begging for your mercy . 
Waking up , with just one thing in mind . Eyes sewn shut , so tear them open wide ! 
Say , do you remember that guy < PROPFIRST > next door ? Well , he always was the neighborhood clown . Like the time he took my pants off and he took those color pictures And posted copies all over town . Or the time that he dumped toxic waste on my lawn , Or those wacky prank phone calls from midnight ' till < PROPFEMALE > . What a crazy kid < PROPFIRST > was , always foolin ' around . 
Say , do you remember when I lost all my hair ' Cause Lar ' gave me that Nair shampoo . And hey , how ' bout the day he put < PROPMALE > Gay inside my jockstrap And filled my toothpaste tube with glue . All those wedgies he gave , all those shoestrings he tied All those brownies he made with the Ex-lax inside . Oh Lar ' , I swear , it was a laugh a minute with you . 
Punk ass , are you listening ? Can you hear me ? Or are you deaf and dumb to my language ? Do my real words , seem to hurt you ? Well put em ' up motherfucker . You'll feel it , when I stamp it on your forehead , so you will never forget that you're a reject , and you're no one , and you're nothing , little impotent one . 
Me : Hey dude how did you do it ? I cant . George : You don't have the magic touch . Me : oh * frown * George : You cant even magic touch yourself ! * laughter for about three minutes * 
Am I precious to you now ? Ooooh am I precious to you now ? I cannot stop this , pure emotion falling from my eyes . You are vindicating , liberating saviors of my soul . 
You were told to run away , soak the place and light the flame . Pay the price for your betrayel , your betrayel , YOUR BETRAYEL ! I was told to stay away , those two words I can't obey . Pay the price for your betrayel , your betrayel , YOUR BETRAYEL ! 
Loosing the battle I’ve waged on myself . Lock me up and toss the key ! Toys in the attic , it’s all getting worse . Why won’t I let me be !? Oh god make it stop ! 
Can't explain , what's come over me ( come over me ) Can't explain , why it's so hard for me , so hard to see your side . 
Mr. Crowley , won't you ride my white horse ? Mr. Crowley , it's symbolic of course . Approaching a time that is classic . I hear maidens call . Approaching a time that is drastic , standing with their backs to the wall . Was it polemically sent ? I wanna know what you meant . I wanna know , I wanna know what you meant . 
If you could only read my mind , you would know that things between us aint right . I know your arms are open wide but you're a little on the straight side , I can't lie . Your one vice is you're too nice . Come around now can't you see ? I want you , all tattooed , I want you bad . Complete me , mistreat me . Want you to be bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . 
You felt the coldness in my eyes , it's something I'm not revealing . Though you got used to my disguise , you can't shake this awful feeling . It's the me that I let you know , cause ' I'll never show , I have my reasons . I hate to say that I told you so , But I told you so . 
I will fight , one more fight . Don't break down in front of me . I will fight , when you fight . I am not the enemy . I will try one last time , are you listening to me ? I will fight , one last night . I am not your enemy . 
Things not what they used to be , missing one inside of me . Deathly lost , this can't be real . Cannot stand this hell I feel . Emptiness is filling me , to the point of agony . Growing darkness taking < PROPFEMALE > , I was me but now he's gone . 
Finished with my woman cause she couldn't help me with my mind . People think I'm insane because I am frowning all the time . All day long I think of things , but nothing seems to satisfy . Think I'll lose my mind if I don't find something to pacify . Can you help me occupy my brain ? Oh yeah ! I need someone to show me the things in life that I can't find . I can't see the things that make true happiness , I must be blind . 
Times gone by , it seem to be you could have been a better friend to me . Mama I'm coming home . You took me in and you drove me out , you had me hypnotized . Lost and found and turned around by the fire in your eyes . You made me cry , told me lies , but I can't stand to say goodbye . Mama I'm coming home . I could be right , I could be wrong it hurts so bad , it's been so long . Mama , I'm coming home 
Life , it seems to will fade away , drifting further every day . Getting lost within myself , nothing matters , no one else . I have lost the will to live , simply nothing more to give . There is nothing more for me , need the end to set me free . 
Been ten long years since the Devil laid his fiddle at < PROPFIRST>'s feet . And it burned inside his mind the way he suffered that defeat . In the darkest pits of Hell the Devil hatched an evil plan . To tempt the fiddle player , for he's just a mortal man . 
When my time comes , forget the wrong that I've done . Help me leave behind some reasons to be missed . Don't resent me , and when you're feeling happy , keep me in your memory . Leave out all the rest , leave out all the rest . 
I feel it deep within , it's just beneath the skin . I must confess that I feel like a monster . I hate what I've become , the nightmare's just begun . I must confess that I feel like a monster . I feel like a monster . 
Everything would be all right , If I could just get out alive . Guess I could pray if all else fails , even though it's bullshit , but I might as well . I'm running like a rat now through this maze , with a bottle of booze and a hand grenade . Screaming bloody murder at the top of my lungs , death's a mother fucker but it sure is fun . 
Don't wake me . Cause I don't want to leave this dream . Don't wake me , cause I never seem to stay asleep , when it's you I'm dreaming of . I don't want to wake up . 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is to hold her when I'm not around , when I'm much too far away . We all need that person who can be true to you . But I left her when I found her , and now I wish I'd stayed . ' Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired . I'm missing you again oh no . Once again . 
I don't belong here , I gotta move on dear . Escape from this afterlife , ' cause this time I'm right to move on and on . Far away from here . Got nothing against you and surely I'll miss you , This place full of peace and light , and I'd hope you might take me back inside when the time is right . 
Some live so wrong , with what we do is each his own . Living in fear , endless shame for countless years .. I never lived in fear I knew I'd die another day . I never viewed my life as something , slipping away . 
Wo-h o-o h . Forget about the shit that we've been through . I wanna stay here forever and always . Wo-h o-o h . Standing here in front of all of you . I wanna stay here forever and always . 
A lonely road , crossed another cold state line . < PROPMALE > away from those I love , purpose hard to find . While I recall all the words you spoke to me , can't help but wish that I was there back where I'd love to be , oh yeah . 
I Know that it sounds strange . That I Want to eat your brains . Creeping through the mortuary , bite your nails it’s getting scary . Creeping crawling in the murk digging through the dirt . GRAVEROBBER ! Average everyday cadaver . Blood spatter , what’s the matter ? Corpse grinder body thief , let me be your trick or treat . 
I hope you're unhappy and hurting inside . I want you to choke when you swallow your pride . Lay in your coffin asleep with your sins . Give me the nails and I'll hammer them in . 
It's hot as hell in here , everybody wants to lose control . The music's turned up loud . The lights , we'll turn them low . Wound up like a hurricane , and my heads about to explode . Can't wait to self-destruct . Can't wait to let it go . 
Don't tell me , where I will lay in your cemetery . Dont try to silence and bury me . Don't push me ' cause I won't go quietly . I'm ready to die with dignity . 
So rip my pictures from your wall . Tear them down and burn them all . Light the fire and walk away , theres nothing left to say so take the ashes from the floor . Bury them to just make sure , that nothing more is left of me . Just bittersweet memories ... memories ... 
So lets go and releive some pressure . Anarchy can only make it better . We can't , we wont surrender . We can't we wont surrender ! We're not scared ' cause we like the danger , reality will only make us stronger . We can't , we wont surrender . 
So I'm lookin ' for a spark , I've got a body to re-ignite . Don't worry you won't get burned so dont , don't put up a fight . Pushed hard to breaking point and I'm ready to overload . No limits and no regrets , it's time to sell my soul . 
As I was going over the Cork and < PROPFIRST > mountains , I saw Captain Farrell and his money he was counting . I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier . I said \stand and deliver or the devil he may take you ! \"" 
This is the year where hope fails you . The test subjects run they experiment , and the bastard you know is the hero you hate . But cohesion is possible If we try . There's no reason , there's no lesson , no time like the present . Tell me right now , what have you got to lose ? What have you got to lose , except your soul ? 
Raise your head and taste the courage , the one of light . Fall from grace , unholy night . I've come here to kill you , won't leave until you've died . Murder born of vengeance , I closed my brothers eyes tonight . 
They say those teenagers scare the living shit out of me , they could care less as long as someone'll bleed . So darken your clothes or strike a violent pose , maybe they'll leave you alone , but not me . 
In an abandoned warehouse with no lights , just shadows and soon no rabbits . The purpose of the event is to pass the torch from one generation Heavy Metal to the next and there by . In his black leather hunting outfit and a shotgun guitar with spikes coming out of it , Ozzy Fudd , the rabbit slayer . 
You're frightened so am I a world of Demons wait , watching the movements and filling my heart with hate . 
Vivid as a raging tidal wave . \ 
Every last illusion washed away . \ 
Taking life for granted , lead astray . \ 
Saved by catastrophy . 
Sick of being sick and tired , sick of understanding . Tired of feeling sick to my stomach . \ 
Demons inside command me . 
Push , your sins aside . Nobody cares your heads fucked inside . Embrace , your apathy . I don't care for you , you don't care for me . EMBRACE YOUR APATHY , EMBRACE YOUR APATHY ! 
Ozzy's new album kicks < PROPMALE > ass 
Let it all burn , I will burn first . God I've tried , am I lost in your eyes . Just let me burn , It's what I deserve . God I've lied , am I lost in your eyes ? 
You see the distant flames , they bellow in the night . You fight in all our names for what we know is right . And when you all get shot , and cannot < PROPFEMALE > on though you die , La Resistance lives on . You may get stabbed in the head , with a dagger or sword . You may be burned to death , or skinned alive or worse . But when they torture you , you will not feel the need to run for though you die , La Resistance lives on . 
Can't wake up and sweat , ' cause it ain't over yet . Still dancing with your demons . Victim of your own creation . Beyond the will to fight , where all that's wrong is right . Where hate don't need a reason . Loathing self-assassination . 
What to do at 4 AM ? 
Some search , never finding a way . Before long , they waste away . I found you , somthing told me to stay . I gave in , to selfish ways . And how I miss someone to hold , when hope begins to fade . 
It’s in your head , all the voices mistaken . Shake it off , shake it off . We're all dying in the end . 
Hush little baby don't say a word , and nevermind that noise you heard . It's just the beasts under your bed , in your closet , in your head . 
Now , did you read the news today ? \ 
They say the danger's gone away . \ 
\ 
But I can see the fire's still alight , \ 
burning into the night . 
No signs of life here , save the embers , the occasional flame . We know the way but can't remember , < PROPFEMALE > to the grave . Shout confessions from the greatest heights , where no one can hear . All my fears , my insecurities are falling like tears . 
This grip loosens but it never breaks , \ 
we < PROPFEMALE > nothing but a name you will forsake . \ 
Your words are always there to break my fall , \ 
in them I find the comfort to see through it all . 
Give me the drug , keep me alive . \ 
Give me what's left of my life . \ 
Don't let me go , whooaa . \ 
Pull this plug , let me breathe\ 
On my own , I'm finally free , \ 
Don't let me go , whooaa . 
Open your eyes child , let's be on our way . \ 
Broken windows and ashes are guiding the way . Keep quiet no longer . We'll sing through the day , of the lives that we've lost , and the lives we've reclaimed . 
Loved ones back home all crying ' cause they're already missing me . \ 
I pray by the grace of God that there's somebody listening . \ 
Give me a < PROPMALE > to be that person I wanna be . \ 
( I am unbroken ; I'm choking on this ecstasy)\ 
Oh Lord I'll try so hard but you gotta let go of me . \ 
( Unbreak me , unchain me , I need another < PROPMALE > to live ! ) 
Bonfires burn like beacons , guiding the lost and weakened . Flames dance on crashing waves , guiding ships who've gone a stray . 
It's cold tonight as the clouds turn grey , and from my hands to my brothers grave . You took his side , you took his gift , feel the power of a fallen man , crestfallen man ... 
All because of you , I believe in angels . Not the kind with wings . No , not the kind with halos . The kind that bring you home . When home becomes a strange place , I'll follow your voice . All you have to do is shout it out . 
Just when they thought you were through , \ 
You've burned their lies , now you're strengthened it's true . \ 
Turn your backs on your enemies , and let those mother-fuckers rot in their jealousy . \ 
They can't stand that the worlds up for taking and we are adamant , hell bent . \ 
Determined to dominate everything . 
And now I see it's you that's tearing me ( ensnaring me ) . This is me dying in your arms , I cut you out , now set me free . 
Livin ' after midnight , \ 
rockin ' to the < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Lovin ' ' til the morning , \ 
then I'm gone , I'm gone . 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > Voorheese a very Happy Birthday ( ch ch ch ch ha ha ha ha ) 
I know I'll never know a peaceful night again . \ 
Afraid they'll hear me , \ 
they don't fear me . \ 
Punishment for me of a moral crime . \ 
That Debt was never paid completely . 
Madie : \do you know what time it is ? \ " \ 
I remember when all the games began . \ 
Remember every little lie , and every last good-bye . \ 
The promises you broke , words you choked on and I never walked away . \ 
It's still a mystery to me . 
Taking life granted , lead astray . \ 
Saved by catastrophe . 
Hernando : That mofo could re-arrange your internal organs . \ 
Me : Yeah dude one push and they'll be re-arranged all over the floor . Exit hole ?... my mouth ... \ 
Hernando : No doubt . 
For the animal’s soul is mine . And the world around will never hear your cries . An unholy crime . And now we both shall dine in Hell tonight . 
My bed so cold so lonely , no arms just sheets to hold me . Has this world stopped turnin' ? Are we forever to be apart ? Forever to be apart ... 
Your corruption is like , a cancer growing inside . You owe the world an apology . You've been taught all your life that truth is easy to hide . You'll face your judgement another day , and suffer eternally . 
can't find a song for status DX 
I was caught up in the moment , we were alone and you seemed to harness the light . Even though I felt cold inside when you told me it would be alright . I had given up control and I didn't focus hard enough to see the warning signs , your heart is serpentine . 
This moment will pass if you just leave it alone , leave it alone , every time my dysfunction is on your mind . When you find that you're at odds with your < PROPFEMALE > . Just leave it alone , leave it alone every time , my destruction is on your mind . 
Here I am with you . \ 
I'm back ' til the end . \ 
Memories are calling , \ 
so farewell my friend . 
I can feel the calling again , \ 
the primal need is filling me . \ 
Changes are about to begin , \ 
and now my blood is boiling . \ 
I can see the fear in your eyes , \ 
but you can't bring yourself to scream . \ 
Time to shed the mortal disguise , \ 
for the beast is coming to life . 
Although we have no obligation to stay alive . \ 
On broken backs we beg for mercy , \ 
we will survive . ( BREAK OUT ! ) \ 
I wont be left here , behind closed doors . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Gold . The Reason I Want To Be A Counselor . 
It's hot as hell in here , \ 
everybody wants to lose control . \ 
The music's turned up loud . \ 
The light , we'll turn them low . \ 
Wound up like a hurricane , \ 
now my heads about to explode . \ 
Can't wait to self-distruct . \ 
Can't wait to let it go . 
I walked the fields through the fire , \ 
taking steps until I found solid ground . \ 
Followed dreams reaching higher , \ 
couldn't survive the fall . \ 
Much has changed since the last time , \ 
and I feel a little less certain now . \ 
You know I jumped at the first sign . \ 
Tell me only if it's real . 
And still you feel like the loneliness is better replaced by this . I don't believe it this way . And I can see the fear in your eyes , I've seen it materialize . Growing stronger each day . 
The trail of crumbs you left somehow got lost along the way . If you never meant to leave then you only had to stay . But the memories that haunt us are cherished just the same , as the ones that bring us closer to the sky , no matter how gray . Yet I fall , through these clouds , reaching , screaming . 
Now I find myself in my own blood , the damage done is far beyond repair . I never put my faith in up above , but now I'm hoping someone's there . 
There's nothing here for me on this buried road . There's no one here while the city sleeps , and all the shops are closed . Can't help but think of the times I've had with you . Pictures and some memories will have to help me through . 
I know , I know it's not your time but bye-bye . And a word to the wise when the fire dies you think it's over but it's just begun . Baby don't cry . You had my heart , at least for the most part . ’Cause everybody's gotta die sometime , we fell apart . let's make a new start . ’Cause everybody's gotta die sometime , yeah , but baby don't cry . 
I believe my sins have been forgiven , and I believe my choice will save me from this life . Please don't question why my sins have been forgotten . I believe I'll find peace in afterlife . Please don't question why I left this way . 
I don't belong here , I gotta move on dear . Escape from this afterlife\ 
’Cause this time I'm right to move on and on , far away from here . \ 
Got nothing against you and surely I'll miss you . \ 
This place full of peace and light , and I’d hope you might\ 
take me back inside when the time is right . 
You will release your life , joining with the goddamned world of the dead and the lonely . You'll never leave alive . Now do you think you're too damn good for the killing kind ? 
Raise your head and taste the courage . ( the One of light . ) Fall from grace , Unholy night . I've come here to kill you , won't leave until you've died . Murder born of vengeance . I close my brothers eyes tonight . 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost , it's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over . Trials in life , questions of us existing here . Don't wanna die alone without you here , please tell me what we have is real . 
Crack of < PROPFEMALE > , all is gone except the will to be . Now they see what will be , blinded eyes to see . 
Don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground . I don't need your help now . You wont let me down , down down . Don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground . I don't need your help now . You wont let me down , down down . 
In a way it seems there's n o-o ne to call when our thoughts are so numb and feelings aren't sure . We all have emptiness inside , we all have answers to find . But you can't win this fight . 
All because of you , I haven't slept in so long , when I do I dream of drowning in the ocean . Longing for the shore , where I can lay my head down inside these arms of yours . All because of you , I believe in angels . Not the kind with wings , no not the kind with halos . The kind that bring you home . When home becomes a strange place , I'll follow your voice . All you have to do is shout it out . 
And now I see it's you that's tearing me ( ensnaring me ) . This is me dying in your arms , I cut you out , now set me free . And now I see it's you that's tearing me ( ensnaring me ) . This is me dying in your arms , I cut you out , now set me free . 
When I see your face my hearts burst into fire , hearts burst into fire . You're not alone , I know I'm far from home . Do you remember me at all ? I'm leavin ' , do you wait for me again ? I'm screamin ' , no more days without you spent . 
Well it's ghouls night out , creeps on parade . Creatures of the night they serenade . A < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts , pennies for your eyes . I cross my fucking heart that I hope you die . 
The blood became alive when I was trapped inside . And I can feel the dark passenger coming . My mother's blood and mine , uniquely intertwined . Help me father , push her memory from my mind . 
My hunger to destroy , when I was just a boy . It pulled me deeper into something that I now enjoy . The ritual begins , evil will meet it's end . In your destruction I will finally feel whole again . 
A world that sends you reeling from decimated dreams , your misery and hate will kill us all . So paint it black and take it back . Let's shout it loud and clear . Defiant to the end we hear the call to < PROPFEMALE > on , we'll < PROPFEMALE > on . And though you're dead and gone believe me , your memory will < PROPFEMALE > on . We'll < PROPFEMALE > on . And though you're broken and defeated , your weary widow marches . 
Boys and girls of every age , wouldn't you like to see something strange ? Come with us and you will see , this our town of Halloween . This is Halloween , this is Halloween , pumpkins scream in the dead of night . This is Halloween , everybody make a scene , trick or treat till the neighbors gonna die of fright . It's out town , everybody scream , in this town of Halloween . 
I can feel your fever taking over , can you see your fever taking over me ? I can feel your fever taking over , got a dirty feeling that you're the remedy . 
Sever , now and forever . You're just another lost soul about to be mine again . See her , you'll never free her . You must surrender it all and give life to meet again . Fire , for your < PROPFEMALE > . As she begins to turn cold and run out of time . You will shiver , till you deliver . You will remember it all , let it fill you mind again . 
Say , is that rain or are they tears ? That stained your concrete face for years . Crying , weeping , shedding strife . Year after year , life after life . 
Take\ 
a bad boy and make him dig 5 feet , the dirt in these shovels will give \ 
us a beat . Okay , you've gotta find somethin ' never found before . If not , \ 
we'll just have to dig some more . Na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , \ 
na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na , na . 
All that I have left inside , is a soul that's filled with pride . I tell you never again . In a brave society , didn't end up killing me . Scream with me , never again . Not again . 
I've medicated myself again . I feel I'm killing my only friend . I've torn this world asunder , as I am slipping under . 
Vivid as a raging tidal wave , every last illusion washed away . Taking life for granted , led astray . Saved by catastrophe . Coming again . Signs will descend , ride on the tide that marks the end . Time to unfold , life will move onwards . Breaking the waves . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielsen 
<3<3<3 The\ 
time is here again , prepare to be apart . And it drives you crazy . Each \ 
time I go away the distance gets longer , but it makes us stronger . \ 
Should it all come crashing down around me , would you be there should I \ 
stumble and fall ? Pick up the pieces . <3<3<3 
Two worlds collide whenever I step to the front . I look for a new place to hide while tearing my color away . I swallow my pride but never forget what I want . Starting to long for a time , not fearing the war in my mind . 
So give them blood , blood , gallons of the stuff . Give them all that they can drink and it will never be enough . So give them blood , blood , blood . Grab a glass because there's going to be a flood . 
Rise Against , why are you so awesome ? 
Someday I'll wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , and wake up where the clouds are far behind me . Where troubles melt like lemon drops , high above the chimney tops . That's where you'll find me . 
I believe in the kingdom come , and all the colors will bleed into one . \ 
Bleed into one . But yes I'm still running . You broke the bonds and you loosed the chains . Carried the cross of my shame , oh my shame . You know I believe that . But I still haven't found what I'm looking for . No I still haven't found what I'm looking for . 
finals blooooooooow 
Making my way through the night , you're still in my sight . You're running away cause you know you can't hide . My instincts are cold blooded hate , to you I'm the bearer of fate . Wrong place and now the wrong time , now terror is all that you'll find . 
Well Mother , what the war did to my legs and to my tongue . You should've raised a baby girl , I should've been a better son . If you could coddle the infection they can amputate at once . You should've been , I could have been a better son . 
Bold motherfucker don't you limit your mind . Can't you see that the messages have fallen behind ? All the hate in your heart will be leaving you blind . So bold motherfucker don't you limit your mind . 
So tear me open , pour me out . There's things inside that scream and shout . And the pain still hates me . So hold me until it sleeps . 
I love the way that you bleed , it's drippin ' over me . My tongue is lovin ' the taste of skin between my teeth . It's like a dead masquerade , so come and dance with me . My flesh it starts to decay , I'm dropping to my knees . 
We booked our flight those years ago . I said I loved you as I left you . Regrets no longer in my head , but I promised you and now I'm home again , again , again . I'm home again , again , again . I'm home again . 
I could have bought you roses or a < PROPFEMALE > ring . That's just material things . \ 
This day I want you to be mine . I'm your blood stained < PROPFIRST > . 
ME : * laughing * \I cant breathe\ " \ 
When you go , would you even turn to say : \I don't love you 
I sit here and smile dear , I smile because I think of you and I blush . \ 
These bleeding hollow dials , this fuss . Fuss is made of < PROPMALE > and travel , roadways are but stones and gravel . A bleeding heart can conquer every crutch . 
Well , the sun is shining but it don't feel good . Don't smile down on this neighborhood . When i go walking through this stinking town , Mister , I keep my eyes down . 
I can see the patterns on your face , I can see the miracles I trace . Symmetry in shadows I can't hide , I just wanna be right by your side . 
There is no reconciliation that will put me in my place . And there is no time like the present to drink these draining seconds . But seldom do these words ring true when I'm constantly failing you . Walls that we just can't break through until we disappear . 
