' Success and Rest don't sleep together ' - Russian Proverb 

' When your inner voice is greater than all external voices ; success , happiness and peace of mind will follow ' 
FB : If anyone is looking for a hilarious book to read ; please check out ' Then We Came To The End ' by < PROPFIRST > Ferris . The character build is on point ! Can someone recommend a good book to read ? The funnier the better . Love , H 
' Who you are speaks so loudly , I can't hear what you're saying ' ( Ethics ) - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Living abroad has really assisted in my personal development , open-mindedness and ability to embrace different cultures ... but when did men start wearing Ugg Boots ?! Are women co-signing this now ? Well , guess I still have some growing to do ... smh 
Please Pray For Me ! Alright , recently I was accepted to pursue my postgrad studies at the University of Cambridge ; the goal is to create groundbreaking research in the area of Social Psychology ( Phd) ! Right now , I am researching funding opportunities to cover the next 3 years ( or link to a funding site . lol ) . So all I ask is for your prayers . Thanks FB Family . Alright , back to this grind . Much Love & Best Wishes , MoH 
I remember when my mom would send me to pick up an item around the house : if I took too long she would yell ; and if came back with the wrong thing she would ' dish out some licks ' Guyanese style . lol . Ahhh , the memories . Happy Mother's Day to minez and yourz ! Gotta < PROPFEMALE > ' em . Love , MoH 
\Vision without action is merely a dream . Action without vision just \ 
Women are crazy : I gotta have a good job and education , great credit score , low debt , be handsome and sexy enough to warrant attention , but spiritual enough not to yield to it ; hood enough to keep the males in your family off my a$$ , but classy and intelligent enough to keep your co-workers on it ; immature enough to play fight like we're kids , but mature enough to take care of kids that ain't mine ... 
Thanks for all the BBMs , Texts , Calls , FB Love , Tweets etc . I tried my best to hit everyone back , if I missed you ... just blame it on the alcohol . Love you guys , and enjoy a Blessed week ahead ! 
' Poison deadly moving it slow , looking for a \ 
mellow fellow like Devoe/getting paid laid , so ya betta lay low/schemin\ 
on house , money , and the whole show/The low pro hoe she'll be cut \ 
like an aaa-FRO .... ' Was that really 20yrs ago !!!?... song still \ 
bump though . lmfao 
I never thought pursuing my passion would be this rewarding . I'm smiling without having to look forward to the weekend . :-) 
People always tell me , ' I like my job , but don't see myself doing it in the next 5yrs ' . Didn't you tell me that 5yrs ago ? Hmmmm ... Follow your heart friends . 
Been watching and playin hoops for 2 decades ... and Im gettin chills watchin this . epic 
It's 4:40 am over here ... I promise ya'll I'm drinking to a Lakers win . lol . I promise ya'll!!!!! Let's Goooooo !!!! 
10 hours and I'm in Nueva York ! jerk chicken , roti , chicks w/ swag n moxy , bk pizza , bbq'z , money-makers , my west indian folk , cuzo's wedding , salt-fish n bake , cook-up rice , henny in da park after dark , my nieces , my fam , summa ya'll ... O-kkkkAY !!!! ( ummm , where do people party now ? lol ) 
Last few hours in New York .... shout outs to Sobriety , catch up with you tomorrow in < PROPFIRST > . lol . 
Breakfast in NY , Lunch in < PROPFIRST > , and Dinner in London ... and I'm still hungry as ever ! Thanks for treating me well in BK folks . Love , MoH 
They say ' Fake it , till you make it ' . I say , ' THINK it , till you BE it ' ... 
Men look at women , the same way they look at new shoes . We Just tryna put ' A FOOT ' in them . So y get mad when we stare a lil ( appreciate) ? Isnt it all the same ? Women are confusing . smh 
I'm finally getting comfortable on Twitter ... catch me at @asunspromise ... o k k < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Pray all is well w/ my fellow beautiful fb'ers . If anyone knows of a Book Editor/Consultant , please inbox me details/info ! Much appreciated in advance . Love , MoH 
What's up beautiful people !!!? I pray all is well in your lives !!! * shrugs * Just felt like showing some love . :-) 
Ladies : if you smile too much , have a positive attitude and optimistic outlook on life and yourself ( important ) ... you will HAVE any Man you want . I PROMISE !! 
To My Philippa Schuyler heads : will not be able to make today's reunion ( in London ) ... but have too much fun and be safe . Love , MoH 
Using my Self-Esteem to Power these Dreams .... 
Quickie Question ... Do you know what your Passion(s ) is(are) ? 
Raining outside ... Listening to some Blues ( Herbie Hancock ) and Writing inside . #MyPassion 
Thinking about ' A Suns Promise ' n getting goose bumps . Our Pursuit of Passion(s ) is moooooving ! I promise ya'll . #ASPromise 
No , No ! I simply refuse 2 believe women r more attracted 2 power , presitge n money vs . honesty n compassion ... 
Thank the Lord for ANOTHER Beautiful Day ! #GodIzGood 
I ask what's your passion . People always respond : ' you mean career-wise or things I enjoy ?... Why isn't it the same ? 
Jazz Music ( < PROPFIRST > Byrd ) , Kenyan Black Tea ( Calming ) , and Writing ( Passion ) ... beautiful way to open up a Saturday morning . #GodIzGood 
Thoughtful & Thankful for everything you did , are doing , and plan to do in my life .... Jesus . #GodIzGood 
YES , another day to invest in #PassionsAndPurpose !! - @asunspromise 
GREAT Convo w/ my shorty re : ' What's NOT Wifee Material ? ' Personally , if I smash in less than 3wks , or my ( close ) boy's been all up under that , or I ' speculate ' > 6 guys smashed ... I can't Wifee ! I mean , is this wrong ? lol 
Thx all for getting me across the finish line 2day . DEADLINE MET !! Toast w/ me . Luv , H http://yfrog.com/ep1qwvj 
Book Recommendation : ' A Moveable Feast ' by < PROPMALE > Hemingway ( autobio ); just finished reading and it's truly amazing for aspiring writers ! 
Question : Should the ' Middle-Class Mentality ' be Praised or Feared ? 
Being Mindful can turn the simplest event into a < PROPMALE > learning experience #BeCognizant #Mindfulness 
Early morning research/writing session went well . Time to hit the next phase ... Another day to succeed ! #GodIzGood 
Remember when ur mom/dad would say , ' I can't WAIT til u get older , and realize what I'm saying is .... ' lol #irealizenowmommy 
She said ' sleeping only 5hrs a nite is not good for u in the long-run MoH ' . I replied , ' so is not pursuing ur passion ' #ThinkGreatness 
4am wake up call ! Good Morning(Night ) folks , Pray all is well on your side . Another Blessed day to Pursue these Passions ! #GodIzGood 
Would people take better care of their Mind if it were ' Tangible' ? #ASPromise 
Morning Prayers have me ENERGIZED ! #GodIzGood 
Shorty @ McDonald's didnt get her whole order , so she eatin her Big < PROPMALE > AT the counter ... going all out too . lol . smh 
Last nite , drafted top 10 goals to drive my next 12 months . Completing it now ! #PrayUGotUrs 
I see ppl doing just about Anything to make it seem like they're really doing Something . Pursue ur #PassionNotPerception 
Is it me , or do the elderly take this getting onto the bus process a bit too seriously ? they get all types of strong for that advantageous positioning ... LOL 
My Mentor just said : ' Remember that the things which make you successful will also make you lonely . Don't forget Eagles fly alone!' 
Good Morning Folks . I'm excited about today !! #puttingGod1st 
Spending 80% of our Minds worrying about the past/problems/negativity ; leaves only 20% for attaining goals/passions/joy . #UrChoice 
My Mentor said earlier : ' MoH , do what you NEED to do Now , in order to do what you WANT to do Later ' ... @asunspromise 
After everything I've been through the last 11 months , I can't seem to Thank ' Him ' in enough ... #GodIzGood 
Are u the best at what u do for a living ? Do u even want to be the best at ' that' ? If not ... #PassionandPurpose 
REQUEST : Who wants to co-author a book with me called , ' Why Men Don't Date or Marry Grumpy Women' ?.... Any Takers ? 
FATHER GOD !... why did you give them ' Women's Intuition' ?... WHY !????!... What did we do to deserve this ?! Love , Son 
Leaving London for good right now ; En route to permanent stay in Cambridge .. A New Chapter . I'm going to need all my FB FAM's support . That means YOU reading this ! :-) Love , MoH 
For those asking me what is the focus of my research ... ' Qualitative Aspects of the Modern ' Hater ' : Correlation of Low Self-Esteem and Propensity to Hate ' . Sound Interesting ?... LMAO !!! 
Success Looks Real Good On You ! 
The Lord did ' His ' part , and now I have to do mine ... 11:30 pm and in the Library working on this craft ( Psychology ) ... Let's Get it Folks !!! 
HEY ! Am I the only one thinking , ' damn , Imma be 30 next year' ?!... smh 
My lecturer asked : ' what's the Happiest Continent in the World ? ' ... < PROPMALE > in the back screamed out : Costa Rica!' #ExtremeFail ... not a continent pal . smfh 
They say only God can judge ... true , but we're a Shade off 2011 and you're still styling with ' The Conk ' bro ?... smh ... somebody please explain ? 
My Lecturer for ' Philosophy of Qualitative Psychological Methods ' quoted Flavor Flav today ... #LordHelpUs 
The novelty of actually pursuing my passion has passed . Now it's time to ' architect ' the broader vision . #MoreWorkToBeDone 
Imagine a life where you look forward to 5 days instead of just 2 ( the weekend ) ... #YouHaveAChoice 
it's amazing how being Down on your Mind , can bring you Up on your Knees ... honest Prayer is so beautiful ... #GodIzGood 
I stood silently and watched the other team laugh at us before the game started ... my teammates didn't see it , but I did . So , we won by 30pts . Don't think this school is full of Nerds ... it takes heart to get and survive here ! At least they know now ... 
Are You Living Your Passion(s) ??... No , Seriously .... #WakeUpTweet 
I remember when parents , uncles , aunts and everyone else use to encourage us to try new things ... when did it get so serious ( i.e. restrictive) !?! High School or College Graduation ? First day at ' Real ' job ? Rent ? Marriage ? First kid ?... lol . Keep Dreamin fb fam .... 
FOLLOW ME on twitter @asunspromise ... Let's Take over 2011 together ! 
LADIES ! Why when you voluntarily walk into that ' Grey Area ' with a guy , do you get mad when he voluntarily chooses to leave you there ? * kanye shrug * 
Every . Single . Thought . Counts . #CreateUrFuture #ASPromise 
Should I criticize the 30pct of my life that has just passed , or passionately look forward to the next 70pct ? #putlifeInPerspective 
For 21yrs , Momz woke up at 5am , seasoned food ( for dinner ) at 5:30 a , hit the gym at 6:30 a , got to her 1st job at 8a , then her 2nd job at 4pm , then her 3rd job at 7pm , and finally home at 9:30 pm ... in time to deal wit us ( kids & husband ) ... so please understand why I < PROPMALE > GREATNESS ... #BlackWomenAreHustlers 
To that 3rd grade substitute teacher who lept out his seat because of the firecrackers I threw on his desk ... would you accept my apology after 20yrs ?... Well , I'm truly ... nah , I'd probably do it again ! LOL 
If I closed my eyes tmrw knowing that one person pursued their passion as a career bcuz of my research ... then it was a life worth living . 
i know 2day is a day of rest , but what r u doing to take 1 small step closer to accomplishing your primary goal ? #ASPromise 
Really wish I could read Women's Minds ... #TimeSaver 
I look 4ward to the day when ppl choose ' jobs ' bcuz it's their passion n not bcuz , ' It'll look good on my Resume/CV\ . #ASPromise " 
At 11 , my neighborhood OG told me , ' Women love going to the Circus , but they won't pay to keep seeing the same routine . ' #KeepHerHappy 
From the Towers Falling to Obama's Rising , this decade has been historic . Let's shape history in the next ... #ASPromise 
A thought can take you somewhere you've never been , and where you've always wanted to be . - @asunspromise 
Struggling with the realization that some people you have to love from a distance ... ( am i wrong ? ) 
Can't go for it ( success ) alone ... need inspiring and aspiring people around you . #circleofTrust 
For nothing is impossible with God . - < PROPMALE > 1:37 #HappyEaster 
momz always said , ' i know they came outside looking good , but make sure you check the trail ( dirty room ) they left behind . ' ( lol ) 
... that moment you look into your lover's eyes and look away ( slightly ) bcuz the intensity makes you feel vulnerable . #ubeenthere (?) 
