Happy New Year ! 

is trying to find a way around the things he doesn't want to do ..... and it's not working out . 
Is slammed with homework this weekend ..... Who isn't ? 
Is working out . 
Finally has the < PROPMALE > to go to bed early ! 
Is writing a new song . 
has just figured out that his papers that need to be corrected , were saved on a computer that has a registry problem , and now have to be retyped by tomorrow . 
Working on his Yearbook Project for history . 
Homecoming ! ( I hope the weather makes it's mind ) 
Is sick ..... Yay ...... 
Tired , got an unusually small amount of homework , kind-of looking forward to Wrestling practice tommorrow . 
is really looking forward to the next two weeks . 
Just got up out of bed ...... After having got home at 7:00 A.M. from going to Baltimore during the blizzard . 
My window is almost covered with snow !!! Now I have something to do ... 
is thinking about shoveling snow off the roof .... 
is mad at his dog for eating his peanut-butter sandwhich ... 
Is proud to be a Christian ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
has finished writing another song 
Can't wait for the weekend 
Finally finished the long procrastinated paper ! 
Bible study tonight , finish up everything for tomorrow , then it'll be bedtime . 
School was actually pretty good today 
Hope it snows and gives us some more inches ! 
had a great week in spite of the lack of sleep , and is looking forward to the coming week . 
is finishing up a paper for tomorrow 
has twenty-eight friends online ... is that good or bad ? 
is still sore from Saturday , even though I did have a great time 
might join a rugby team tomorrow 
just got back from playing mud football 
had a long day and has to wake up early tomorrow to get some things done .... BED TIME !!!! 
Youth Group was great . We just started on my favorite book of the Bible , Revelation , and I am very happy that school has a holiday tomorrow ... WOOT !!!! 
hoping Patriots don't make it to the superbowl 
was watching his 35 pound dog play with the little threads sticking up out of the carpet .... 
Math Quarterly \Part 1\ " tomorrow ....... ugh " 
There are three words I like to repeat to myself : glass half full . Just to remind myself to be grateful for everything I have . 
Nothing improves the memory more than trying to forget . 
Remember , today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . 
is glad that school was cancelled today , but is also stuck with nothing to do ... 
Trying to finish a song ... but can't think straight ... ugh 
Always laugh when you can . It is cheaper than medicine haha 
loves fresh air and < PROPFEMALE > days !! 
Trying to work out , but it isn't really working ; since I pulled a muscle in my arm , and my leg today ... ugh 
Church was good . Now I can't wait for Bible study tonight on Revelation , and Bible study on Tuesday night . 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . Today is a gift . That’s why we call it the present . 
NOOOOOOOO !!!!!! Vikings shoulda won !!!!!! 
Forcast says : Sunny .... hmmm , well ain't seeing any sun .. 
Found his old Pillar sweater that he got from a concert in 6th grade ... Really brings back memories haha . 
New phone number : 540-660-5453 .. just text that phone number and say who you are , and I'll add you to contacts , Thanks 
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend . 
Had a really bad day , but I always have to remind myself that it could have been worse . 
Had a nice day today with being able to look at the sun rays during classes ... for once ... and it was very refreshing from yesterday . 
Just when we think we're done with it , we get more snow haha 
just finished watching the Bourne Ultimatum for the second time .... Very good movie ! 
Tired ... Really hoping we have a delay tomorrow . 
How did I manage to get five A's and two B's on my Report Card ? 
is very grateful that God has provided more snow ; and instead of keeping us in school until July because of snow days , Sherando should just teach the bus drivers how to drive in the snow . 
So what are the odds of a school cancellation tomorrow ? =) 
Has nothing to do tomorrow ... Call me up if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Just finished working out , and is gonna eat lunch ..... Don't know what I'll do after that 
Has to speak in a Boston accent all weekend long for a school project . 
Taking his learner's permit test tomorrow . 
Almost Aced the learner's test with only one wrong answer . 
The snow is very beautiful , but it's gonna be a lot of shoveling . 
We cleared all the snow from behind the car , but we still have a small mountain around the < PROPFIRST > haha 
COLTS !!!!!!!!!!! 
NOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
I wonder if we can donate all this snow to Vancouver .... haha 
another day for shoveling snow , and I hope we don't get a lot of snow in this next snow storm coming through . 
No school for the rest of the week ...... School days in July , here we come ! 
Going to bed ... Finally haha 
Mmmmm ..... Coffee ... 
It's funny how playing in the snow seems less entertaining when you get older . Either that or it's just because we've got too much of it . 
I really need to get out of the house . I'm starting to go crazy . 
Ugh .... No school .... again .... I wonder if it will be like this the rest of the week haha 
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool , than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt . 
Be of use , but don’t be used . 
< PROPFIRST > White is beast haha 
Maybe some hanging out , gonna watch some olympics , and probably hit the sack around 12:00 haha 
wants to write a new song ... But I'm stumped on ideas haha 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . ( I like this one haha ) 
Going to a party , gonna work on a new song when I get back , work out , watch the olympics , yeah ... That's my day in a nutshell . 
Church was awesome , and I really hope I'm gonna be able to keep up with the amount of workload we're going to get this week . 
Still recovering from a twenty-one < PROPFEMALE > test .... ugh 
If you want truly to understand something , try to change it . 
adding the finishing touches to his new song 
Had a great day hanging after church with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , and had a very nice time studying Revelation tonight in Youth Group .... I only wish tomorrow would be as promising .. 
A wise man does not need advice and a fool won’t take it . 
Always forgive your enemies ; nothing annoys them so much . 
I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying . 
You got Dye'd!! 
Today it's beautiful outside , but just watch it rain again tomorrow haha 
Just finished writing my first Country Song ... and so fittingly named it \Country Song\ " . haha " 
Got back from playing basketball ... Now I'm gonna work out , and try to finish a new song before that Talent Show tonight ... Gotta love Saturdays haha . 
All of it was awesome ... Church , Dinner and Chill-time at the Webb's house , Youth Group ; just wish I could repeat this weekend about six more times before School starts again ... ugh 
I believe most of us would do some pretty crazy stuff for the ones we love ; so why can't we do some pretty crazy stuff for God ? 
I am pretty sure that the creek by my house just turned into a river today haha 
Tomorrow = Church , Church Pot-Luck , Mud Football , Shower , Youth Group , and Chill Time .... So goodnight people . 
Mmmm ... Burger < PROPMALE > Steakhouse burger haha 
A smile is the lighting system of the face , the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart . 
Copying from a single source is called plagiarism , copying from multiple source is called research . 
Today was very beautiful outside , and was an awesome Friday ... And yet it's not even over ! 
Had a lot of fun hanging and playing football with a bunch of \miniature\ " < PROPFIRST > Cena's haha " 
Finally finished a four-page packet on Punnett squares bleh .... now off to bed and praying im not still sick tomorrow .. 
Hmm .... So most of my grade for this quarter depends on how tomorrow goes in school .... Ugh 
Barack Obama has been president for 434 days , 9 hours , 45 minutes , 05 seconds 
Walked off the bus , and was instantly scorched by heat haha 
D.C. was very awesome today with all the < PROPFEMALE > Blossoms in peak season , and getting to meet some pretty interesting people .. 
Looking at a pile of homework .... Atleast 5 hours worth ... Gotta love procrastination haha 
Record high today .... 91 degrees compared to 85 degrees in 1929 ...... Now that's ridiculous .. 
finally got the yard looking half-way decent today .... Other than that , the weekend is going way too fast 
Starting to consider places to work , or jobs to do . Any suggestions or offers please let me know . 
Been an awesome day .. 
Worn out .... Devotions right now , and then lights out . 
Feels like hiking ... 
Wow .... that's the first time my back has ever cramped on me while im Benching 
Just drove back from Winchester ..... It's amazing what some people can do while driving .. 
On the way to harrisonburg and the mountains look awesome 
Ughh ..... heat + lawnmower = ....... 
Just got home from driving to and from Harrisonburg .... what a day ! 
Awesome day ! 
Beautiful night out tonight .... makes me wanna go camping .. 
Took a 194 question certification exam today ... ugghh 
Very busy day , but quite beautiful nevertheless . 
It's funny how a few seconds during a specific moment can change the way you think for the rest of your life .. 
Biology < PROPFIRST > first block tomorrow ... ugh 
Shoulder got strained pretty bad today , no idea how .. haha 
worked all day , now time to chill 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without \ 
having their motives questioned 
where did < PROPMALE > keep woodpeckers on his ark ? 
coming home tomorrow next week will be busy 
1 ) H Alg II -Cain\ 
2 ) Mixed Chorus -Jennings\ 
3 ) US History -Wade\ 
4 ) AP Eng 11 -White\ 
5 ) Lunch -Fedorov\ 
6 ) Chem I -Arnold\ 
7 ) Natural Resources -Whitacre\ 
8 ) Latin III -Sperry 
Got back from < PROPFIRST>'s party , it was great . Can't wait until next summer haha 
Finally got my schedule changes taken care of , and I have to say i've got a lot to catch up on in concert choir .... Hopefully it isn't the same for my other new class . 
sick .... ugh 
Leaving for Florida tomorrow morning ... Can't wait haha 
Just got back from Florida 
A few more papers to write , but very glad the weekend is almost here . 
Been a very long week , and I finally got some quality sleep . 
Getting ready for another week of school . 
Just got back from about 2 & 1/2 hours of Alg . II makeups ...... Tired ....... 
Just registered for PSATs today .... definately looking forward to it * Cough * 
Just finished working-out , and now probably going to the music store to pick up another set of guitar strings for my 12-String Guitar .. 
Going to the Sherando game tonight , might even go to the dance afterwards 
In the middle of recording my songs with the new mic . 
PSAT tomorrow along with a Chem Test , and I can't remember the rest of the stuff .. haha 
Exhausted .. 
Just got home ... now time to sleep ... 
Just talked to the US Army recruiter today , got some good questions answered with good answers , and I think it's safe to say that the Army is a strong possibility next year .. 
Tomorrow should be an awesome day .. 
Got a job interview scheduled with Chick-Fil-A on Friday .... sweet .. 
SAT tommorrow .... ugh 
\Ohhhhh Yeeeaahhhh !!!! \"" 
Today was a bad day .... Yet I'm in an incredibly good mood ! 
tired all of a sudden ... ugh 
So tired ... I cannot wait for the weekend 
Watching the Spanish channel .... don't ask 
Good job OSU !!! 
My voice is gone , and I got a concert at 7:00 ..... great .... 
Finally got a haircut lol 
Yeah .... That was definately one of the best parties I've ever gone to .. 
Practice tonight , then going to see Tron at the Alamo .... Today's a good day 
I got used to writing papers for English and History ; but writing papers for Math ? When will it end ..... 
Finally finished my newest song , which took me a few days to write because of the lack of time , but on the bright side , I think this one actually sounds good haha 
Finished working-out a little while ago , and now I get to be lazy for the rest of the night !!! YES !!! 
So many things to pray about , so little time .. 
Choices I make now will effect the rest of my life ..... No Pressure 
Go Bears ! 
Go Jets !!! 
Well that figures ..... two of my three least favorite teams are gonna play in the Superbowl .... Awesome ... I guess I'm stuck with the Packers now ... 
No school .... now what .. 
I'm loving this snow 
Well last night was interesting .... I fell asleep watching The Dark Knight and then I woke up during the ending of Legally Blonde ..... Must have been a very long day haha 
\Everybody was Kung-Fu Fighting \"!!" 
Been a long week .. 
Nothing like an awesome workout .. 
Packers !!! Woooo ! 
Wow .... it's gonna be a long week ..... Atleast monday is out of the way haha 
Let's see how Creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a one-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be one word ! Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy ... That's no fun . 
Been a long week , but it sure had a great ending . 
Happy Valentines Day Peoples !! 
Just got back from a long walk ..... and just realized it's 5:55 P.M. haha 
Just got off work .... so tired .. 
It definately does not feel like a Thursday , but more like a Friday ... So I think we should just get rid of Thursday all together , and have two Saturdays ...... I need some sleep .. 
....... I need to get a REAL job .... just like the one I used to have .. 
Got back from work ... maybe bed early . Tomorrow I got some rugby , scheduling work for next week , dinner with some friends , and then the talent show ... gonna be a long day haha 
Home from practice ; gonna take a shower , and then get some good sleep . 
Just got off work , looking forward to practice in the morning , and now i'm trying to figure out what to do for the rest of the day tomorrow ... hmm ... 
Was just looking at old family photos and portraits , some dating back to the early 1800's ..... wow 
Finally finished that essay , and i'm definately not looking forward to getting up in the morning .. 
School , Rugby , Bible study , and now homework ...... It's been a loooong day 
Rugby practice tonight , then maybe bible study .. 
tired from this week , but i'm so pumped for the Rugby game tomorrow .... It's at Weaver Field in Winchester if anyone wanted to come .. 
Going to practice , then gotta do some schoolwork ... hopefully tomorrow i'll have a little more time to waste lol 
Got off work early , now time to chill 
There's nothing I can't stand more than getting on facebook and seeing everyone's drama on my homepage .... just saying 
This weekend went way too fast , but now looking forward to our game on Friday 
If there is one more cold and snowy day after today , I will make it my life's mission to find and slaughter that stupid groundhog that predicted an early spring ... 
Going to practice , then gotta start on that research paper 
Working until 7:00 ..... Hopefully it won't be as boring today .. 
