thinking 

got facebook to work 
confused again : - ~ 
cant wait till 6:00 oo o 
feels bad 
oh yea won game spenceport 51-0 i scored all the touchdowns jk lol 
is waiting 
came bak from lessons 
be bak on around 430 
won football game 49-13 ////6-1 :) 
wachin drumline :))) again lol .... 
i dont get how people talk to you one day the dont talk to you the next .. its weird 
haha 2011 fun time this morning 
having sleepover at Grashens house .. good times playing { video}games haha 
its really late and imm boredd 
lol 
easterrr 
Moving this year either to aquinas or < PROPFEMALE > ... 
summmmer ... got a concert tommorrow 
should i move ? yea no 
Prreety nice night ... concert tommorow , bored text me 3034045 ( please dont stalk me :) : > lol 
Hahahahahaha ? 
RE : |Yep ---------- Your status has been updated :\ 
Brandin 
Going to play at music fest in lil ... 
Just goin to school now ... 
If ur car runs out of < PROPMALE > do u have to replace it ?.. Lol sorry had to take it < PROPFIRST > 
English tommorow .. finished essay in global , mr. resch is a funny guy . cu :) 
Schoooool ... ? 
Football game saturday , need people ask gracien . 
..... boredd ..... 
Haha .. put the cookies in the oven set the timer went to lay down waked u by my mom at 12:00 telling me i burnt the cookies lol 
... if ur going to see the movie SPLICE that came out dont be suprise that movie is so freaky especially the ending u will wish u never saw it haha .... 
Add( ? 
RE : |undo 
Crazy dream last nite :/ ... global regent ? Final ? today . 
Grouned :/ ( 
Good day .. but bOrEd 
Manhunt was sooo fun last night . 
Probraly shouldd go to sleep didnt sleep at all yesterday :]} 
sheS allways on my mind , i love it <3333 
Just got done swimming :) bbq and fireworks lter 
I love listening to music .. babysitting my sister for the week cant wait tilll monday 
Just going to sleep now . if u wanna call or text go for it . 
I dont like it when my friend is crying and im not there with her . 
\Happy are those who dream dreams and pay the price to make come true \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cardinal " 
I sure theres a difference between waiting and giving up ... prob party today 
Going to the beach sounds reallyy nice right now :) 
Haha i talk and laugh in my sleep thats preety creepy .. 
May not be moving idk kinda want to but not for other reasons . 
The italian festival was the best i had fun dancing to songs i never heard before haha these guys thought we were all gay haha good times 
Phones gonna be oof at 12:00 ... going to italiano fest 
Im so bored haha biking to family video with gracien 
my moms house is < PROPFEMALE > boring ... heading back thursday hopefully 
i kinda want to move i dont want to go to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is wayyy better but idk yet mabey mabey not 
graduation party sunday haha at the beach it gonna be preety fun :]] 
Dont let anybody hold you back no matter what people say you know the best choice for you so do it ... 
does anybody know where you can do parkour any groups to join any info ?? 
havin fun :) 
about to go to Manhattan Square Park and practice 
tireddd .. goin to seabreeze tommorow at 5 with my bro dad and cuz :) 
school starts thursday for me .. rochester is getting boring mom messed up plans moving soon 
Football practice tommorow school the day after i hate how you cant pick ur classes but sat going to the movies with a couple of ppl :) 
HAHHA 
Havent been on in on whilee 
Wow ... now that i have something to stay for i dont want to go im so confused bad day :/ 
i feel so messed up right now i really hate this :( 
Thanks everybody for the happy birthdays 
im starting to feel the same way again theres like n o.o ne to talk to who understands not even my parents :/ 
party friday gonna be a fun week .. 
just chillin at friends house .... i guess text me idk 764-9107 
I really need someone to talk to :( 
I wanted to thank my friends and sis :) for helping me through tough times like now :/ i wouldnt be here right now if it wasnt for everyone and i apreciate all of the support . 
Even though its over are friendship isnt I Still Love You . Half day School then hospital :/ .. 
Boy : Your not pretty , your beautiful . I don't want to be with you forever , I NEED to be with you forever . And I wouldn't cry if you walked away , I would DIE 
in a stable mood not good not bad :/ , text me or whatever in school ... 
Sooo alone :/ 
yeah so i try to give you my best and you give me leftover shit and i take it well not anymore you can go fuck yourself im sure you good at it ...... Oh and fuck you . Hate the drama im done :) :/ ... 
HAHA i love it 
everyone needs someone or something there for them , you might not realize it now but without it your alone in a group of ppl , lonely , afraid you wont make it .. :/ 
im so pissed my mom is a bitch , i cant go anywhere this weekend so no party or bowling what the fuck :( .. 
im so f'in depressed theres nothing to do in this damn house and theres nobody to talk to :( 
i really need someone to talk to :( 
haha i love you wish i was with you lol jk but i still love you ... :) :D 
i love you i guess :/ , waiting for you to miss me , then text me ??? I dont know .. 
