I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one 

Oh how I love homework ! 
so sore so sore so sore ... I LOVE IT ! 
PAIN IS AN ILLUSION 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
homework time :( 
rainy day ... tired ... time for coffee and loads of homework .... 7 days left 
Submitted my retraining for SERE yesterday ... about to go buy a ruck and kick my ass at pt 
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you . 
Can't wait to go home !!!!! 3 weeks ... :D 
i knew it wouldn't snow here !! FML 
UGH ... pharmacy law is sooo thrilling ! 
is anyone else gonna do that CNA training 6 april - 1 july ?? 
finally got my order of FRS .. and it is amazing ! FRS.com ... you can get a free trial . trust me , it's awesome . 
woo woo ! In one week I'll be a staff sergeant ! Nco induction ceremony tomorrow ... wis my family could be there :( 
That's what she said . 
anyone running the gate to gate run this year ? 
thank you so much everybody !!!!!!! :D you made my day ! 
wooo wooo ! < PROPFEMALE > shots ! 
ugh ... i deeply regret last night . now i know why i quit drinking . never again . never . 
Happiness is a butterfly , which when pursued , is always just beyond your grasp , but which , if you will sit down quietly , may alight upon you . 
I can't wait til payday so I can get my violin !!!! 
woo ! Got my violin .... hope the neighbors have earplugs ! 
passed my EOC .... sooo glad that is off my shoulders . Life is good :o ) 
gonna run the air force marathon this september ... anyone else down ? 
beer o'clock ... whats everyone doing tonight ? 
surfing :D life is amazing 
sushi , surfing , beer , nap . best day of my life . 
The greatest gift is who you become by overcoming obstacles , road blocks , and setbacks . 
lifting weights and then attempting run number 2 for today ... WOOOO ! 
ran , worked , lifted weights , ran again , sushi , homework . I am exhausted , but couldn't be happier :D 
Making mini cupcakes and playing Left for Dead 2 
at the beach . Anyone wanna go to bdubs later ?? 
Homework . Wish there were some decent waves ... 
1.5 weeks til vacation ! :D 
sooo sore . <3 marathon training 
< PROPFIRST > bowlegs and mcguire's tonight ... heck yes !!!!! 
kicking some zombie ass 
1 year 5 months 13 days til I say toodooloo mofos !! 
2 days until the best 3000 mile roadtrip ever . So excited to leave this piece for a little while . 
vacation time !!!! 
just passed big < PROPMALE>'s boobie bungalow ... wtf tennessee 
in chicago doing beer bongs with my bro and his wife and bradley ... best vacation ever 
playing call of duty with my 13 yr old brother and his friends ... me and < PROPMALE > vs them . Funniest thing ever . 
goin to see the wizarding world of < PROPMALE > potter in orlando ... heck yes 
wizarding world of < PROPMALE > potter = total waste of time :( 
< PROPMALE > - \harry potter thinks i'm a hufflepuff . That < PROPFEMALE > can kiss my white ass . \"" 
Happy :) 
at home sick ... drugged up and watching the sound of music 
playing call of duty with my sweetheart :) 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves . 
you are the biggest loser I've ever known . Just had to put that out there . 
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me . 
Done with people trying to take advantage of me and tell me what to do ... I'll live my life the way I want , thank you very much . 
I love my family and < PROPMALE > Teague . 
goin to the Y to get my < PROPFIRST > phelps on 
swam 25 laps yesterday ... doesnt sound like a lot but I'm feelin it today . I'll be up to 50 next week ! 
mmm .... monday . The only reason I can tolerate you is because I have this delicious triple latte . 
I wish my brothers would stop kicking my ass in call of duty 
the pool better be open today !! I need a hard workout today 
swimswimswimswim . < PROPFIRST > Phelps , someday I will shatter all your records along with your hopes , dreams , and dignity . 
calm is the sea ... the salt enters the wound ... 
oooo yeah ... beef stew and call of duty 
beat my swimming record ! :o ) gonna celebrate with coffee and homework .. such an exciting friday night ... 
lost 5 lbs ... then ate 2 brownies . i'll be at the Y bright and early tomorrow ... 
me .. \what are you thinking about ? \ " my lil bro ... \ " my finger . It's weird\ " me \ " why ?! \ " my bro \ " it has creases in it\ " what the fudge ? Lmao ! " 
took 3 days of leave ... peace out a holes !! 
Can I finish 4 months of schoolwork in 3 days ? Ready .. set .. GO 
how did I get a cold ... Again ? 
Fool me once , shame on YOU . 
I can't tell you what it really is ... I can only tell you what it feels like ... And right now it's a steel knife in my windpipe ... I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight ... 
I can't keep living this way . So starting today . I'm breaking out of this cage . I'm standing up , imma face my demons . I'm manning up , imma stand my ground . I've had enough , now I'm so fed up . Time to put my life back together right now . 
Hmm ... good night ... gonna finish drinking my wine ... probably will regret this in the morning ... 
mmm .. coffee coffee coffee 
I don't give a damn what you think . I'm doing this for me . So f the world , feed it beans . It's gassed up if a thing's stopping me . Imma be what I set out to be . Without a doubt , undoubtedly . And all those who look down on me , I'm tearing down your balcony . 
what is everyone's favorite cake ? survey .... 
wine ? ok ! why not ? 
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now . You kicked me when I was down . F * what you say , just don't hurt me no more . That's right B * , and I don't need you , don't wanna see you . No more . 
who wants to go to ihop wednesday ? i do ! 
hmm .. had plans but they changed .. so what ? i'm happy . just ironed my uniform while drinking a glass of lambrusco ( sp ? ) and listening to the fray . extremely mellow and nice for a change . maybe being alone isn't so bad after all :D 
I'm alive again . More alive than I have been in my entire life . I'm not ever giving in again . Caution to the wind . Complete freedom . 
UGGHHH .. wishes the week would hurry up . Kayak trip Saturday .. YAY . 
OMFG i need a nap 
Living on the beach = best decision I've ever made 
:D 
what's everyone's xbox live name ? i just got it .. my name is ... choosingterror ... i know it's ridiculous . i was looking through the suggested names since mine was taken and i accidently accepted it . and now i can't change it . wtf . 
HAHA ... \ur so gay\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > totally reminds me of someone i know ... ROFL " 
still sore from surfing with the SCONY ! ( the game ) 
Woot ! Put in for retraining today ... got my fingers crossed ! Now to celebrate with beer and COD :D 
did really well on my DLAB . putting in my papers for linguist retraining tomorrow :D 
who wants to play left 4 dead ? i need 3 people . 
AHHHH ... i spilled beer on my bookshelf :'( and why are paint brushes so hard to clean ???????????? 
It's the beauty of confession .. and the sound when the levees break . 
Most of ' life ' is just people faking it , trying to stay busy so they feel important and not afraid of their shadows . But I know that this busyness is like collecting < PROPMALE > mint plates .. and you have to fight for meaning in your life , for truth and goodness and authenticity . 
deafening silence-A silence or lack of response that reveals something significant , such as disapproval or a lack of enthusiasm 
r.i.p. Ingle . you were a great friend and I will miss you :'( 
What a horribly emotionally draining day . Gonna go watch the waves with some beers and try to relax . 
Mousehunting with < PROPFEMALE > Clouse and getting crunk . Burr bur Burrr !!! 
\cau ; se i sent you some uhh mozarellaaa cheeese ? \ " omg < PROPFEMALE > Clouse " 
I love the minions .. theyre so cute . Are yo on your knees ? 
I JUST LAPPED YOU , BITCH ! exclamation point fer sher 
Wow ! Was not expecting to wake up so early and feel great . What a great surprise :D coffee+game time <3 
It is good taste , and good taste alone , that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning ... Salvador Dali is my soulmate <3 
Should not have came home for lunch ... the waves are beckoning me . AWOL ? Ok ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > \There's always a party ... even if we're not invited .. \ " LMFAO " 
but i’m alive poking , stoking old fires , to burn you\ 
from within . 
4 mile run + sprinting at every loud part of every tool song = the most refreshing , tastiest beer on earth 
it's my 5 years in the Air Force anniversary today ! <3 
who keeps locking all these doors ?!! 
1st retraining board is tomorrow ... wish me luck ! * fingers crossed * 
Llish Peeps \Respect my hustle ! \"" 
RETRAINING APPROVED ! AWAITING A CLASS DATE !! 
About to go to my 1st violin lesson ... after the spicy wing challenge last night and the hot sauce challenge today ... this could get interesting .. 
half marathon at 6 am ? sure , why not ! 
Ran my 1st half marathon ! Now I cannot move ... 
California , here I come . 
Welllll ... I re-enlisted today . 
Long run followed by beer and 11 days off work <3 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
I need a pot of coffee and/or a lobotomy to get through today ... 
Wow what an awesome run ! 
I love the morning news ... Lol @ drunk Russian jr. Hockey team . And what's up with the birds and fish dying ?? It's definitely time to start reading my bible again :-/ 
Kicked my ass in the gym this morning . #beast mode 
LMFAO .... listening to the lonely island while working out was an awesome idea ... 
:( 
I won't let anybody bring me down today ! #Stronger 
Got locked inside my bathroom ......... 
If you knew Who walked beside you in every moment you would never doubt yourself again . 
I need a piñata 
Help me < PROPMALE > Cruise ! 
