... life is awesome !!!!! 

is loving facebook , and is very much enjoying getting caught up with old friends ! 
will be sleeping with the fishes tonight ..... 
had a good discussion tonight about how the Lord works in mysterious ways , and how when one door closes , another one will open ... this certainly has been the case in my life lately ... our God is most certainly an AWESOME God !!! 
..... just thinking ... what would YOU do if you won the lottery ??? 
is thinking about < PROPFIRST > and missing him ... his birthday is tomorrow . HAPPY 35th BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
can't believe that Verle is so mean ! 
... if the world were run on hugs instead of money , what a happy place it'd be !!! 
is thanking God for sending him into my life .... her whole world has turned around since then !!!!! 
soooooo enjoyed her dinner and a movie last night ... as well as the two comedians sitting at our table ... it's been a good weekend !!! 
wonders how it is that being in his arms or having him in mine feels so much like home , and can , for at least a short time , make the rest of the world disappear ... 
... been thinking about how things happen for a reason ... had I not lost my license that day , but met him at the Suzzie Q as planned , I might not have seen his kind and caring heart so soon . We hadn't even met and he was asking if there was anything he could do to help , and he hasn't stopped helping since ... 
is in her happy place ... but the vacation is already going too fast !!! 
is going to < PROPMALE > for church on Sunday ... Jordan is preaching ... said his sermon was about me and < PROPFIRST > ... sure wish you could have been here < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is enjoying an amazingly relaxing vacation ! Got to spend a little time with family and old friends , as well as some time learning new things with new friends ! Here I'd thought my life was over at 50 , but it's truly just beginning ! 
gets sad whenever she thinks of this vacation ending .... 
is starting to believe this may all work out somehow . God most certainly works in mysterious ways ! 
can't believe Christmas is only a few days away !!! I'm soooooo not ready !!!!! 
0000000 I love p45eanuts ... and im a r+651atard . im drooling . someone wipe0 3 it up . 
...... < PROPFEMALE > and I are getting a Family Y Membership from Verle and Theo ...... best Christmas present ever !!! We can all work out and get healthy together , and have a great time in the process !!! Thank you so much guys !!! I love you both !!! 
had an absolutely AMAZING Christmas !!! Was awakened at 7 a.m. by a crazy man telling me it was Christmas ; finished cooking and wrapping ( and unwrapping ) gifts ; spent the afternoon with the best family ever ... old AND new ; and got to talk to my oldest son for the first time in years ! I LOVE CHRISTMAS !!! 
still can hardly believe all of the joy that has come into her life in this past year ... no , I should rephrase ... all of the joy that brought her BACK to life this past year ... and is excited , for a change , to see what the new year will bring ( praying especially for better health for < PROPFEMALE > ) ! 
just needs to want it badly enough and believe to make it so ..... 
..... it's a new day ... new job ( same place ) ... essentially the first day in the rest of my life ... time for a new , more positive attitude !!! 
is still amazed at how quickly things change , and the mysterious ways in which God works . I'll be moving in with Verle and < PROPFIRST > ( I thank God for sending them to me everyday ! ) , and < PROPFEMALE > will be moving in with her friend Lexi in Dayton until she can afford a place of her own , and trying to find a job in the medical field . Thank God for Lexi too ! 
... My oldest son turned 30 years old on February 4 , and I feld OLD !!!!! On February 5 I became a member of the Y in < PROPFIRST > . Gonna work out , get fit and thin , and feel young again ... even though < PROPFIRST > will still be 30 ( and I will still be 50 ) ..... 
... now that Valentines day is over , just remember ... it's not the gift you received that's important , it's the love that got him there . I'll still be smiling when I look at my ring 30 years from now , and I hope it still < PROPFEMALE > s as much ; but more than that I hope his eyes still < PROPFEMALE > as much when he looks at me and tells me I'm still cute , or that my eyes are still so pretty and blue ... 
wishes she had a script , and background music to set the tone for each of life's little situations ... for instance , if the music from Jaws started playing in the background for no reason , one would know things weren't looking good , and to get out of the water . Of course the script would have probably already mentioned this , as well as exactly what to say in this circumstance . Just thinking .... 
..... it's gonna be a gooooooood day !!!!! 
is living an AMAZING life right now ... if only we could win the lottery and never have to worry about our finances again , things would be PERFECT !!! 
has been thinking a lot lately about how her life has changed in the past year . A year ago she was dreading that big 50th birthday . She was alone and thoroughly depressed , just sure her life was over . This year she is engaged to an amazing , wonderful man , and has an awesome 14 year old almost stepson . Life has certainly had it's ups and downs , but this has been one of the best surprises ever ! 
... the good days just keep coming ..... 
In loving memory of both my excellent father , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a wonderful father to my three children . Thank you both for everything you did for us . We will love and miss you always ... on Fathers ' Day and every day . 
My mother turned 83 today ( 7/18 ) . Physically , she's in great health . But she has alzheimers , and can't remember much , sometimes even from minute to minute . As sad as it is , it is also a blessing ... she used to be a worrier , but now she doesn't remember to worry . She still remembers to pray , though , and she still prays for us daily . She's always been an amazing woman , and I will always love her with all my heart ! 
I've given birth 3 times ... two of those 3 times I went through labor and delivery totally drug free ( 16 and 12 hours , respectively ) . Piece of cake . I've had a toothache for the past few days . I'd rather be giving birth . I WANT DRUGS !!!!!! Dentist tomorrow . 
The wedding is only a couple of weeks away , and I am SOOOOOOOO not ready ! HELP !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have determined that I have the awesomest , amazingest friends in the whole wide world ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Roseann ... thank you all for EVERYTHING ! I love you all ! TODAY IS THE DAY !!! ( oh help !!!!! ) 
It's back to work tomorrow ( Tuesday , Sept . 7 ) after an absolutely amazing weekend ! Thank you to all who put together the most stupendous wedding , to all who attended and to all who wished us well . Thank you also to my family , whether blood related or not , who supported and encouraged me through both the good times and the bad . I love you all ! 
Never been in so much pain . Can't sleep , yet that's all I want to do . And it's all from a stupid tooth . Pain meds stopped helping days ago . Pain going up into my eye , down into my throat , causing migraines and upset stomach . Finally got a tentative appointment with the dentist for Friday , contingent upon approval from the clinic on Wednesday . Hopefully the antibiotics will help . Otherwise , just shoot me ! 
It's not quite 5 a.m. Been up since 3:45 . Tooth hurts . Gonna try to make it to work today . Miss my peeps . Sure wish I could've gotten more sleep though . 
Enjoying a leisurely day off : slept in , did a little cleaning and laundry and dishes , took a nap with hubby when he got home , now up and on the computer . This is the life ! 
Dear Bobby : Hope you're having an awesome birthday , celebrating with your family and my daddy , eating some sort of fruit pie . I know it's selfish , because you're happy where you are , walking and feeling no pain , but I still miss you terribly . Oh ... and I know you had something to do with sending Verle to me , because he's so much like you ... THANK YOU ! 
Isn't it funny how babies and puppies and kittens can make one smile , even on the roughest of days ? And how just being with the one you love can make it all better ? 
Fought tears all the way home from work today . Arrived home to Verle's hugs , which were amazing , as always . Held off until he left for bowling , then I let it rip . Tired of never feeling good anymore . Tired of working and not getting anywhere . Just want to crawl into bed and hide under the covers until the world goes away . 
Again I must say that I work with AWESOME people ! I am amazed and touched daily by their thoughtfulness and kindness ! 
... jammies ... bed ... covers ... ZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ............ \ 
( hope to feel better sometime tomorrow ) 
... too old for all the drama . 
An afternoon and a delicious Italian meal with my incredible hubby , and Tiramisu for dessert after bowling ... it doesn't get much better than that !!! Now just praying that the CAT scan results won't bring bad news . 
Happy 15th birthday < PROPFIRST > Potts !!! Love the new tattoo , but I can't wait for our shopping excursion tomorrow ( and maybe a movie ? ) ! 
We live in an awesome world . Make it an awesome day . Peace To All and May God Bless You . Live simply . Love generously . Care deeply . Speak kindly . Leave the rest to God . 
Time to get dressed for church ! Looking forward to another lazy Sunday off !!! 
Would whomever has the voodoo dolls representing the Potts family PLEASE give us a break for a while and put the pins down ?! Seems we've all been cursed health-wise since even before the wedding , starting with my stupid toothache . It'd sure be nice for all of us to feel good and to have a < PROPMALE > to truly enjoy each other for at least a little while ! All this illness is really getting me down ! 
Dear God : Please < PROPMALE > me the SERENITY to ACCEPT the THINGS I CANNOT CHANGE , the COURAGE to CHANGE THE THINGS I CAN , and the WISDOM to KNOW THE DIFFERENCE ; LIVING one day at a time , ENJOYING one moment at a time , ACCEPTING hardship as a pathway to peace ; taking , as Jesus did , this sinful world as it is , not as I would have it ; TRUSTING that YOU will make ALL things right if I SURRENDER to YOUR will ...... 
Though I've very much been enjoying work these past few days ( and still not gotten much of anything accomplished that I wanted or needed to there ) , I'm really excited today , because I am now officially on a 6 day hiatus ! Looking forward to getting to spend some quality time with family ... and with any luck some quality time on myself as well ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! I am so very thankful for my wonderful family and for the most special friends in the whole , wide world ! I pray that you all get to spend time with your families over the holidays , for safe travels , for great health , and for much happiness for all ! 
My first Potts Thanksgiving , and what a wonderful day !!! Verle did all the driving ( over 2 hours each way ... in the rain ) , Verle's daughter and daughter-in-law did all the cooking ( a delicious and amazing feast ) , and all I did was sit on my fat rump all day and eat ( I did OFFER to help) ! Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! And if we're so lucky as to be invited back next year , I INSIST on contributing !!!!!! 
Just finally got home after three days of running , and still more to do tomorrow ! It's been a totally AWESOME 3 days , though ... got to spend time with Verle's family , then my oldest son , < PROPFIRST > , and then with middle child < PROPFIRST > and family ! Tomorrow < PROPFIRST > comes back , and then visiting with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > . Hope for some R & R on Monday , before going back to work on Tuesday . 
Oh ..... and pictures from this busy but amazing weekend yet to come ...... 
We've been together for MOST of 6 straight days ... through the packing , the over 1270 < PROPMALE > of traveling , the unpacking and the cleaning up . But today is back to reality day ... we're going back to work . I'm really going to miss him :-( 
So now that I've worked my first day after my 6 day holiday , I've decided ... I don't wanna go back to work again ... I just wanna stay home and hug the hubby all day long !!! 
Time for bed after yet another perfect Sunday . Thank you , Lord , for my new family ... and for Sundays off . Amen 
A friend and I had a discussion today about some of the many things that we have to be grateful for this holiday season . For my own family , just when things had started looking pretty bleak , we received a wonderful blessing . I pray that you and yours are blessed as well , and that we may all go into this coming year with a new hope for the many blessings and wonders that are to come . 
Opened gifts with Verle and < PROPFIRST > this morning , then actually got my Christmas shopping done BEFORE the stores closed on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Now to finish the wrapping , clean the house and start the cooking ... the family comes tomorrow !!! It's been an awesome day , but I can hardly wait to see my grandson , < PROPFIRST > on Christmas Day ! 
P U P P Y !!!!!!!!!! Still no definite name , but leaning toward Rosebud or Petunia < PROPMALE > . Will try to get some good pics to put up tomorrow . She sure is a little cutie , and very sweet ! < PROPFEMALE > is a VERY happy girl ! 
Requesting prayers today ... for Verle who is in surgery , and for the family of < PROPFIRST > Buchler , a family friend who passed away last evening . 
Verle made it through his surgery and is , thankfully , still as rotten as ever ! He's still in a lot of pain , but they say they'll have him up and walking tomorrow . it was a very long day , but his daughter , < PROPFEMALE > and son < PROPFIRST > were there for us both . God is good !!! 
Verle was up and walking ( a little ) with a < PROPMALE > today ! He's feeling better gradually ... though he's still in a lot of pain , the numbness in his left leg is almost gone ! It felt so good to see him upright again ! I can hardly wait to see how much better he's doing a few weeks from now ! We've been so blessed !!! 
Praise The Lord and the Droid's navigational system , I made it to the hospital by myself for the first time ! I , and all those in my path remained safe ! 
I asked Verle ( jokingly ) about a month ago just how he intended to out-do the beautiful engagement ring he bought me last year for Valentines Day . Now I know . He's coming home today !!!!! No fancy dinner and dancing yet this year ( maybe next ) , but this is even better ! Happy Valentines Day all !!!!! 
Verle is getting healthier day by day ... only uses his cane now when he knows he's going to be walking quite a bit . He still has pain , and there are still a few things he needs me to help with , but soon he'll no longer need me , and he'll be sending me back to work . We have so much to be thankful for !!! 
An awesome , lazy Sunday spent entirely with my boo ! I love you Mr. Potts ! Thank you for the wonderful life you've made for me and for < PROPFIRST > ! 
Verle got a great report from his surgeon today , and since we bought him a sock-putter-oner yesterday , pretty much the only thing he needs me for now is to keep him from going out and doing something stupid ! Not sure how we're going to keep that from happening once I go back to work next week ... 
My brother just informed me that he will be taking my mother back to < PROPFEMALE > with him on Thursday in order to place her in a nursing facility there . He has power of attorney , and I have no say in the matter . For all intents and purposes , I won't see her again until she is dead ... assuming he chooses to send her back after ... because we certainly can't afford to go there . 
I have no inclination to live in this world , such as it is , where evil is rewarded as good , and good is punished as evil , and those in power take from the weak . 
My brother texted < PROPFEMALE > last night to let her know that he and my mom made it to < PROPFEMALE > . He said she is worried about her cats ( she has 2 ) . We were fortunate to get to spend several hours with her the night before she left ( and my son and his family as well ) , and then we got to go and see her off the next morning . Many tears have been shed since . < PROPFIRST > had better know what he is doing . 
Had an enjoyable Saturday night ... Casie and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding was absolutely beautiful ! The chapel was simple yet stunning , and the Pastor spoke so eloquently of love in marriage , it made me cry . Then Verle and I came home to a houseful of teenagers , and decided to order pizza from PaPa John's ... spinach < PROPMALE > and Italian meats ! Yummmmm !!!!!! Had forgotten how awesome their breadsticks are ! 
