im proud of < PROPMALE > brunner and mish < PROPMALE > good job you 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

yes winter break ! thank god this semester is over 
i want som tao pictures who has some ? 
school stars once again 
my life is changing and its getting better . im dropping alot of bad habits , and i have had clarity . 
pendulum at beyond wonderland oh yeah 
woman are intresting . 
life has been great lately 
not more debt . 
so pissed i have a beyond wonderland ticket but fucking work wont let me have it off 
THE VOICE INVITING ME AWAY ! 
i just did my firts night bar tending yeah ! 
i might be going to New Zealand ! 
i had a great time at fresh this weekend ! 
Rock the 40 oz ! Its the taste that counts ! Who knows this song and the band ? 
problems will we ever run out of them ? 
finally off probation ! FUCK YEAH ! 
Is anyone else sick of this town and some of the people in it ? I am ! when friends take advantage of you , and people think they can get away with stupid shit . You people need to get out of your SLO bubble , and relize in the real world shit doesnt happen that way . 
MURS was sick 
whos my friend ? 
we just threw the biggest party at our house . it was epic 
one week left of school . Hell Yeah ! 
have you ever tried to talk to someone you think is your friend , and they never respone or ignore you ? makes me think of some people are so fake . 
finished my essay , and summer just started ! Hell Yeah ! :~p 
time to do what i need to do . 
san fransico here i come ! 
i walked for 7 hrs yesterday through SF . today im going to walk some more , and go to FULL MELT . Hello Dub Step . Goodbye realality 
dude the fucking subhumans slept over my house last night . have youy ever got drunk with a uk punk band ? 
check out the party comming up if you wana go 
thank you everyone . 23 and still kickin 
should you enjoy the woman that makes you happy , or should you love the woman you are attracted too 
All my friends have left . Now its time to recover from my bday . 
I want to thank everyone that help make my bday great and fun ! I hope you all had a great time and enjoyed yourself . Thank You\ 
- < PROPMALE > 
leaving for audiotistic right now . Oh Yeah . 
party time . i get to party with an awesome group too . 
To all my friends . I Love You ! 
Kids are fucking stupid . 
i dont understand how people you care alot about can use you . they know they have that power and use it to better themselfs . its a sad thing when this happens 
Girls come and go , but friends always stick around . The problem is when you mix the too . 
summer cant end already ! 
Here i come LA . Good old home 
im starting a new chapter in my book of life . i hope this is the one that changes everything , for a better life and to improve myself 
its nice to be in school again . i also cant wait till saturday . paty time excellent . 
I can't seem to shake this feeling ...... I can't seem to shake this feeling ..... I can't seem to put it down down downnnnnnnnnnnnn 
Enough to hold you to the brightest of lights , \ 
to place you dangerously close to that sun , \ 
enough to acknowledge the flaws you can't ignore \ 
and recognize the cause of what's done is done , \ 
more than enough to put my name behind my ideals , \ 
and neglect my logic twice daily . \ 
enough to keep me looking for my < PROPFEMALE > in the sky with gems , \ 
when I remember how you used to call me baby , 
enough to look in my mirror with detest for every tear you shed regardless of \ 
\ 
why you wept , \ 
enough to curse any man who can't appreciate the depth of the ocean i swam \ 
till i ran out of breath . \ 
I love you , don't ever fucking question that , \ 
that's why we'll probably never get along . 
my world is changing . i hope my good friens will be there with me 
people should be careful with the media monster and the goverment chocker chain . just keep you sanity and your soul . they can never take you will or mind . stength come from within . never forget it 
Who is going to nocturanl from slo town ? 
Surfing is fun . i just need to get alot better 
mean people suck , and selfish people ! 
leaving for nocturnal hell yeah ! 
just watched < PROPFIRST > jump in the bay . :~} 
i hope i did ok on my midterm 
< PROPMALE > Aoki , im so ready for you ! 
life has been real good . :~} 
this morning i got surf with dolphins . i have never done that before . :~} 
what a great night and a wonderful morning 
ok i just had one of the coolest dreams ever ! i was Disney world with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . we one a week stay in the giant castle they have , and the whole castle was made of chocolate . we statted to eat different part of it , and the chocolate was different everywhere . then < PROPFIRST > came and stated to DJ inside this castle . let me just say it was one of my best dream . 
having a house party on saturday . if your a homie and ant to come your invited . no cover charger 
television rules the nation ! dont let the media monster choke you with a government chocker chain ! 
hose party ! audiobit , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , panther , the professors and more . come party . 
im so happy for thx giving 
ready for finals to be over 
ok , so i won two tickets to see the grouch , brother < PROPFIRST > , eligh , and los rakas last night . it was a sick ass show too . im so happy that i won two free tickets 
i need someone to take my hand up higher . i cant seem to shake this feeling 
Here i come LA . cant wait to eat good food again 
home sweet home . i love my family and i had a great < PROPFIRST > tmas . thank < PROPFEMALE > , jess , mom , grandma , < PROPFIRST > , uncle , nate , and dad 
to all the DJs tonight and tomarrow , i cant wait to dance my legs off to you guys . < PROPFIRST > Happy birthday 
I love when Drum N Bass puts guitar in the mix . If anyone is intrested in a good song like this check out ., Fuck What you Heard by TC feat . scratch pervs . 
i love my mom so fucking much 
These up comming few months im going to see megadeth , slayer , metallica , anthrax , and rammestien . whos jealous ? 
