I got a job at < PROPFEMALE>'s today ! 

just got back from the pool , feelin good ! 
Today at work , I had an old lady bring a pair if her worn ( and hopefully washed ) panties so I could help her find the same ones !!!! 
gotta go get ready for work ! 
i just mixed up some burgers , my first attempt ever . not sure how they will taste . I don't usually cook things that don't come in a box :) 
wanna know what sucks ? when you just want to talk to an old friend and none of them answer ..... Brooke , < PROPMALE > , or < PROPFEMALE > ?????? 
So I attempted public transportation for the first time today . Not as easy as one would think . I got off the < PROPMALE > ( the train ) I missed the last bus going home . I just walked at least 4 < PROPMALE > in flip flops to get home . Nothing like taking about 2 hours for what would have been a 20 minute car ride .... what an adventure ! 
my feet stilll hurt from walking 4 < PROPMALE > on tuesday 
really nice day today in portland , waiting for < PROPMALE > to come home ! 
good night . i love talking with old friends . its makes me feel good :) 
rain and cigs = what do you think ? 
kinda missin ' slc . missin friends , hangin out , etc ., call me tomorrow . Some familiar voices would be nice . Hope people haven't forgot about me .... 801.870.9519 .... ya thats me ...... 
thats right ! I got a promotion ! 
more money for me this holiday season . i start the new position on sunDAY ! 
Kinda bummed I won't see my family this year , but I still have a nice group of people to spend the holidays with ! 
got a tooth pulled today . should be feeling better soon ! 
I have to work at 6 am and I am so tired . So , why am I still up ? 
I just finished my 10 day stretch at work so HAPPY to be home and have a day off tomorrow ! 
It snowing like crazy here in oregon ! I am so excited , it makes it feel like home a bit ! 
Am i really still up watching a jersey shore marathon . I wish i could fall asleep ! 
Just finished cleaning the house it smells reall nice right now !!! 
Now I have started dinner preparation ! I will be an excellent housewife someday !!! HAAAHAAAA HHAHAAHHHA . 
NUDE !!! 
One more night of inventory to go . Hopefully everything will go smoothly tomorrow night ! 
Watching the 20th year anniversary special on Pretty Woman . I love this movie ! 
I need to get my hair did .... soon 
I am going kick boxing with < PROPFEMALE > and Triina . Gonna be sore tomorrow ! 
I am not a good cook . The recipe I followed for Cajun Chicken Fettucine < PROPMALE > is not good . I don't know if it's me or the recipe I got off the internet .... either way I am not a good cook ! 
One more day of work , then I am leaving for 9 days ! I can't wait . 
So now I am leaving Portland , just as I met some of the best friends I have ever had . I willl miss you .... But as < PROPFIRST > put it , now she has a reason to come see the Mall of < PROPFEMALE > . By the way its AWSOME !!!!!! 
So I now know why I had a bad feeling at the start of today ..... My grandarents and cousin are in the hospital are in the hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning . They will be fine . My < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , didn't make it :( 
Be in Salt Lake on the 23rd , can't wait to see everyone ! 
One more week of work at < PROPFEMALE>'s! No more coupons , or opening acounts , or One Day Sales ..... 
Well we made it to Salt Lake ! 
So I love < PROPMALE > and Busters . I won 500 tickets , which is the JACKPOT for the \spin the wheel\ " game . DUDE I ROCK ! " 
Its my first day at < PROPFEMALE>'s all over again !!! 
Motorcycle ride to Wisconsin today , my butt HURTS ! 
One more day of work to make a total of 9 days in a row !!! But Thursday I get to go to Salt Lake for a whole week ! 
I hate packing , I always feel like I am forgetting something ! 
on the plane ! 
I have been stuck in the airplane now for almost an hour the problem is its still on the ground ! There is a dent in the plane and they are checking it out . 
I'm Here ! 
Last night the couty fair and today , Back to the 50's car show !!! 
tornado and flash flood warnings . Stuck at macy's:( 
I got a promotion to sales supervisor of shoes . Go me ! 
Today is my Friday ! 
Time to clean house ! 
Gonna win some money at the horse track ! 
Bettin ' on some ponies 
I wish I was at least half as cool as my boy friend why his is he so sweet . g golly I'm a nerd ! 
At the Minnesota State Fair ! 
Had a nice day on the motorcycle riding next to the Mississippi River ! 
Off to Valley Fair ! Gonna go on every ride 
What a nice relaxing day off ! 
I am so excited to go to bed , this is the best part of my crummy day ! 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > , my little shadow . I will miss you making sure that all my daily activities were ok under your watchful eye ! You will always be a a biscuit !!!! 
Home in time to shower and go to the Twins game !!! 
Been working for 9 days in a row , 2 more to go for a day off !!! It will be worth it in the end ! 
I hate the dentist ! 
Twins Game tonight !!! 
We are picking up our < PROPMALE > dog tonight ! 
So , the < PROPMALE > dog still doesn't like me !!! 
I am watching The Labrynth . I forgot how awsome it is ! 
Now that < PROPMALE > is out snowplowing I can make a cocktail and watch the second half of the Bad Girls Club on demand . Maybe I can squeeze some Real Housewives in as well ! 
Note to self : next time you eat turkey dinner at someone else's house bring TUPPERWARE so you can take some home ! 
All i ever wanted was to pick apart the day , put the pieces back together my way 
< PROPMALE > and I went and got a tree tonight ! Pictures to follow .... 
This is the worst episode of hoarders i have ever seen ! 
Playing BINGO ! 
Just got home from inventory ! 
I just say the most disturbing thing on tv ..... Pajama Jeans ! 
everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of what happened in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , the knife did it not O.J. , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Repost this if you feel the same ) 
