Rain Rain Go Away , Come Again Another ( Much Later ) Day . 

Happy new year !!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow , just wow . 
Why is it so slow today ? Is it because nobody can find the store ? 
Were saaaaaved ! Its just a boulder . Its not a boulder ,! Its a rock ! 
Dinner was amazing . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
Vacation ! :) 
Smores with jumbo marshmellows , yum . 
There was so much blood ! It was everywhere ! It looked like a crime scene . Dad says he aint saw that much blood since the big war . 
Huzzah ! Rain ! 
Well , we have pleased Galadrial , and the wood elves ( the wood police ) have not come to kick us out . :) 
The tree that was struck by lightning has healed very well . You almost cant tell that it was hit at all . 
Day 5 over , awsome day . Night all . 
Yeah ! More rain . Makes it kinda hard 2 cook over a fire . But alas , what would a camping trip be without a downpour ? 
Got the beach all to ourselves . I love swimming in the rain ! 
Well today is day 6 . Our last full day here . I am going to miss it . 
End of the last day . It has been a amazing week . Now back to reality . 
Hell yeah ! Bought a boat for $2500 
Hope fades\ 
Into the world of night\ 
Through shadows falling\ 
Out of memory and time\ 
Don't say : « We have come now to the end»\ 
White shores are calling\ 
You and I will meet again 
Lay down\ 
Your sweet and weary head\ 
Night is falling\ 
You’ve come to journey's end\ 
Sleep now\ 
And dream of the ones who came before\ 
They are calling\ 
From across the distant shore 
< PROPFIRST > is so totally my cats bitch :) . She totally has him whipped . 
Why do you weep ? \ 
What are these tears upon your face ? \ 
Soon you will see\ 
All of your fears will pass away\ 
Safe in my arms\ 
You're only sleeping 
Had a wonderful night with his bro . 
Work 6-2 tomorrow , it's gonna be another long one . 
Mangos is amazing ! The pizza is the best . I would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > for the suggestion . 
Just got back from seeing \The Other Guys . \ " It was a fantastic movie . It was so funny . A must see by my standards . :) " 
Inception was unbelievable . Just , purely , a fantastically mind-blowing movie . 
Had a wonderful day with his Father and Brother . Thank you both . 
Cant wait for the storm . :) 
Watching The Patriot . Awesome movie . 
Just saw Machete . Flipping sweet movie . 
Batman under the red hood is a freakin epic movie . 
Whenever I find myself about to do something morally questionable , I sit back in my favorite chair , and I think quietly to myself , \what would Batman do ? \ " . And then I do that . " 
Is not excited for today's shift . 
Is happy his shift is over . 
This season of Top Gear is going to be great . 
What to be ? There are so many options . 
Got mortal combat vs . DC universe today . Good game but I can't figure out the whole fatality thing . All that I can manage to do is touch them and then they fall over . Real epic . 
Well , I'm going to be Green Lantern for Halloween . As for < PROPFIRST > , well I have only one word .......... QUAILMAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So , who's being what for Halloween ? 
A person has 100 wishes . A cancer patient only has one - to get better . I\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are \ 
......... still ... fighting it 
Had a great day at the Ren Faire . 
Ugh , just got the damn Internet back , no facebook , no email , no texting from the iPod , or the phone because I live in a dead zone . No Netflix , no Runescape , \ sorry Bryan\ " . You never realize how much the Internet contributes to until it's gone . " 
QUAILMAN outfit going well . 
Ok , time for a poll , everyone knows that QUAILMAN has two white stripes on his cape , < PROPFIRST > says nay , all in favor of putting the stripes on his cape anyway , say aye . All those who say leave it alone and be untrue to QUAILMAN , say nay . 
Bored in downtown mystic 
WTF snow , I just love waking up and the first thing that I said was what , try again . 
Forgot my wallet today . You never realize how much you use it until you dont have it . 
Poor < PROPMALE > attempted a move that was above his level . The backlash was just too much for him to handle . 
Watching Top Gear . Booyah ! 
To everybody that was in on the plan between me and < PROPMALE > for when I graduated . It is going down Saturday night ! Give me a shout if you know what I'm talking about and you want to go . 
Change\ 
your FB profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to \ 
not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec 6th . Join the fight against\ 
child abuse . Copy & paste on your status and invite your friends to\ 
do the same 
Yay a day off ! 
Yay got the Christmas tree up and I got me a copy of LEGO Batman for five dollars . Pre ordered DC Universe online game . It was a good end to my Monday . 
I love being secret < PROPFEMALE > . It came in . It's flipping awesome . Everybody that knows anything , don't say nothing to nobody . 
Ugh , so bored , bed I guess . 
I love watching people who keep making the same mistakes , wether it be in a game or what have you , and then they can't figure out what they are doing wrong and why they are getting nowhere . 
Night everybody . 
Ugh , what to do . 
I love wrapping presents . 
It's not the breath you take , \ 
The breathing in and out , \ 
That gets you through the day , \ 
Ain't what it's all about , \ 
You just might miss the point , \ 
Trying to win the race , \ 
But the moments that take your breath away . 
Today was a good day . < PROPMALE > with a friend , and reunited with an old one . 
I'm pissed , first total lunar eclipse to coincide with the winter solstice since 1554 , and Its $@& : !? & snowing outside !!!!!!!!!!! 
The president of the united states closed down the last remaining submarine base in the country , located in Groton Connecticut . When asked why he had done such a thing he responded that \those funny little black ships just kept sinking anyway . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
My socks smell like crunchberries !! 
0 . o hmmmm 
Hau’oli Makahiki Hou 
Watching Firefly !!!! Booyah ! 
Ohhhh , I'm gonna go to the special hell . 
Watching Firefly again ! Booyah !! 
Today is gonna suck . 
< PROPFEMALE > Treader anyone ? 
Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader was a great movie . 
Ok , I'm liking The Cape . 
DC Universe Online ! I can't wait . 
Green Hornet marathon on Sci fi Tuesday 
Three days off in a row again , what to do , what to do . To the Playstation ! 
Today is annoying . 
Its not about luck , its about skills ! 
Its only the end of the world , i dont see why everybody is freaking and making such a fuss over it . 
I shudder at the thought of Nyquil , but i must admit , the crap works . 
Watching rugby ! 
We are the Wolf Pack ! 
Top Gear marathon for the next three days ! 
What the hell is this ! I remember them being better in the 90s . This is just sad . 
Sup 
In a warcrafty mood . I think . 
I got < PROPFIRST > on my AIRSOFT team ! 
Its a beautiful day today . To bad im stuck at work till its over . 
Free at last ! 
I just vaccumed an oven . 
Happy Valentines Day . 
Today is just dragging . 
In so glad today is over . 
And then mini vacation was over . 
Why is it that break is the quickest part of the work day ? 
Time for another three day vacation . HUZZAH !!! 
I enjoy Army of Two . 
Sons Of Guns tonight ! 
Its very busy today . Everybody just seems to be in a hurry . 
Just saw the new karate kid for the first time , they did the original justice . It was an awesome movie . 
I love days off , I just got up . What did I miss ? 
Just learned how to clean and strip my Springfield ! Good day . 
Sons of Guns !!! 
This day is just flying by . 
Outside looks like crap . Again . 
Anybody own a spare forestock for a springfield m1903a3 30- . 06 ? 
Day off tomorrow ! 
Two days off ! I dont know if its a good thing or not tho . 
Barn island boat launch . I love it here . 
Gotta love fridays . Heading to the woods after work . 
WHY !!!???? Is it snowing . 
Watching Top Shot on History ! 
Snow ! 
If you dont know where you're going , you might end up somewhere else . 
That's what we do here , we convert guns and make them mo ' better . 
Just got Fallout New Vegas ! 
