not having the new years i was hoping for . if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > , give me a call . 

is bored someone please help ! 
just got back from a early morning run 
downloading everything he needs onto his new laptop 
District 9 
Just got home from an awesome weekend in Mackinaw with my girlfriend :D 
Nazi ain't got no humanity . That's why every soldier wearin ' a Nazi uniform , they're gonna die . 
Imogen Heap's new album Tuesday ... yeah im gonna buy it . 
Leaving for LSSU in 7 hours 
All moved in . Missing home . 
Is enjoying his first day of class :D 
is already stressing about his classes , and so far all he has got from them is syllabuses ... 
made it home safe , planning to spend alot of time with his mom this weekend :) 
I may just be ambitious , but I though I smelled roses during the U of M game ... 
Fearing tomorrow's 6 am physical training ... 
got his bike stolen :( 
almost got arrested at the border coming back . 
is going home tomorrow . 
The football gods have forsaken us ... 
Ready for Friday ... 
is going home tomorrow ! 
got the last copy of Modern Warfare 2 in Sault Saint < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just beat Modern Warefare 2 ! Quite possibly the best game I have ever played . 
Oh my god im bored ... 
needs a friend to come to lssu to < PROPFEMALE > with , any takers ? 
Anger is a killing thing : it kills the man who angers , for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him . I have nothing left to take from ... 
' s phone is dead , and the charger is in Sault Ste . < PROPFEMALE > . If you wanna do something let me know via facebook or call my house if you know the number . I really need a friend right now . 
made it to Sault Ste . < PROPFEMALE > , not sure how I feel about it ... 
is debating this whole firefighting thing . I never realized I could write before , well anything other than < PROPFEMALE > tales of breakfast items . 
I would wait for you until all of the protons from the universe were gone , and the last light from a dying < PROPFEMALE > was extinguished . 
should be doing homework , but its not videogames to television that have caught my attention ... I must say my heart looks much more attractive when it is splattered all over Microsoft Word . 
could not possibly be less motivated to write a summary about a summary of a fire that no one cares about . 
canceled his World of Warcraft accout . Good riddence . 
Thank you for listening to me when my walls come down faster than thoes of Jericho . You know who you are . 
wants to go home ... only 2 weeks to go ... 
watching Planet Earth , be jealous . 
watching October Skies , then cleaning up an oil spill . Ready to go home ... 
is the happiest he's been in weeks , just doing homework and listening to music . 
LSSU is closed ^.^ 
watching Blood < PROPFEMALE > . 
Two exams down , five to go , forgot about the EMT practical , still ready to go home though . 
getting lulled to sleep by Imogen Heap , I think she likes me ... 
not a fan of -10 degree mornings . 
3 finals down 4 to go . 
5 days until im home . Can't wait . 
5 exams down , 2 to go . 
6 finals down , EMT final on Thursday , then home . 
EMT exam at 3 then home . 
is finally home . 
is at Cabin Creek . Anyone wanna do something ? 
dinner anyone ? 
watching < PROPMALE > Gump . 
Sault Ste . < PROPFEMALE > and back by 3 . At cabin creek if anyone wants to do something . 
I'm sick of getting guilt tripped on all of the ASPCA commericals with the sad animals . I can't addopt all of them ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
I am intoxicated right now , but I'm with my best freinds in the world :) time for bed . 
BIG BOY BREAKFAST ! JUSTICE TEAM , ASSEMBLE ! 
Two days and nights of good times and video games with my friends . Time to catch up on some sleep . 
Its biggest skeptic just became its biggest fan . Avatar is the best movie I have ever seen . 
woke up this morning , depressed he wasn't surrounded by floating mountains , glowing plants , and really hot blue alien chicks . 
Home from < PROPFEMALE > Arbor and already can't wait to go back . Best new years ever ! 
I really need to stop staying up so late . 
Planning a dinner at 6 or so at like the owl or something . Everyone is invited , let me know if you wanna go . 
just got back from sledding . I feel like I got hit by a truck ... 
anyone wanna do something ? not involving physical activity ... 
Last day in town , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
In Sault Ste . < PROPFEMALE > , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Ready to go home . Only 4 more weeks . 
might be more like 7 weeks until im home ... 
Work , Class , Hokey game , Wal-Mart , grilled cheese on the < PROPFIRST > Foreman for the roommates and the party girls . Successful day . 
I misss my Alpena friends 
Ok facebook friends , I need help . I am sick of my music on my ipod , and since I love you all so much I am requesting one song from each of you to add to my music library . No country please . 
Everything is going to be alright . 
just got one of the best massages of my life . I owe you one < PROPFEMALE > . 
Exhausted from search and rescue and dragging firefighters around for 3 hours . Most fun I've had in class since I came here . 
ready for summer . 
Be nice to me , I gave blood today . 
Go to urbandictionary.com to look up the meaning of your name . Then copy this in your status and post the definition in the comments . 
first 9 hour shift of clinicals sucked . 
brb , Canada . 
got a round trip ticket to dreamland . The return flight is tomorrow morning . Gate 143 , can't wait to see you when I get back . 
on my way home . 
made it home :) 
at cabin creek . come < PROPFEMALE > out with me . 
well , I guess I'd better get back up to LSSU ... 
had one of the best weekends in a long time . Can't wait for spring break . 
bored . anyone wanna come visit me ? 
in Alpena 
I miss you so much Mom . I'll always love you . 
I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who has kept my family in their thoughts and prayers over the past few days . It means the world to us . 
made it home . 
just hanging out at cabin creek . 
spring break isn't fun when no one else is on break with you . 
dreamin ' of the Osaka sun . 
8 hours of clinicals , hope it goes by fast 
class outside on a beautiful sunday afternoon ? sure , why not . 
Homework and laundry both completed at the same time . -Mission accomplished- 
can't decide between Converse hi-tops or low-tops . What do all of you think ? 
WTF IS WRONG WITH MY COUNTRY ! 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us 
Thank you so much to everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had an amazing 21st ! 
looking for something new 
first live fire training today was awesome :D 
in Alpena , just hanging out . 
can't wait for summer vacation . 
brb , clinicals 
brb , more clinicals . then alpena :D 
2 a.m. home 
Only as much as I dream can I be 
Last clinical shift tonight , midnight to noon . It's cool I got this . 
couldn't save them all . 
passed my E.M.T. practical ! 
can't wait to get home . 70 hours to go . 
Last final . State firefighter certification . 12 stations . 8 hours . Lets do this . 
finally gets to go home , as a firefighter . 
new climbing shoes = happiness 
wishes he had a rock wall climbing partner . 
wishes he a had a running partner . 
Everyone has to have a passion . Mine just happens to be somewhere else . 
had a most excellent day hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > LaHaie and seeing tons of people I missed . 
anyone going to lake superior state university next year and is looking for a roommate let me know ! 
took 1st place for the 20-29 year old bracket at my mom's 5k ! 
had the most perfect night . 
Quite possibly , the best weekend ever . 
NOW WITH A WHITER AND BRIGHTER SMILE ! 
wishing for a running partner ... 
and I will continue to endure what life throws at me , because my breaking point isn't even in sight . 
considering all hangout ideas for the evening . 
skinny dipping in long lake during fireworks , mission accomplished . 
left some skin back on that rock wall ... good thing i wont be needing to use my ring finger anytime soon 
5k tomorrow morning . Someone should come run it with me :D 
had a most excellent day and night with the best people in the world . 
had the best 4th of July since 1776 . 
would like to see where this new path takes me . 
is exhauseted , but passed my physical agility test at the fire department . 
sitting down to the most epic sporting event in 4 years , FIFA 2010 World Cup !! GO SPAIN !!! 
Be nice to me , I gave blood today ! 
is in desperate need of a roommate for school this year ! let me know if you wanna like live with me and stuff . 
beyond ready for this weekend . 
loves feeling those butterflies . 
is one lucky guy . 
had an amazing night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , who looked absolutely gorgeous if I do say so myself ? 
time to go lay out by the pool ... like a boss . 
so glad i got to spend time with my girlfriend today ! i loved every minute :) 
lets < PROPFEMALE > out . 
has had better days . 
lets go do something amazing 
last day in town . lets do something ! 
Christ almighty , where the hell did my summer go ? 
I like shorts , they're comfy and easy to wear ? 
strawberry yogurt+freezer = my only defense against this heat . 
A toast ! To new friends and new adventures ! 
blink-182 and writing letters . 
home for the 4 day weekend . 
There is a way to be good again . 
just had the best tea ever . Flown in from Palestine and made by a Palestinian . That's how I drink my tea , like a boss . 
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Whoa ! I'm all like , in Alpena and stuff ... 
Time to go north ... two weeks won't go by fast enough . 
Ahhhh , what a great day to clean out my friends lists with everyone's football loyalty displayed on their statuses ! State fans .... delete . :D 
Father Time , here is 9 dollars . It's all I've got in my wallet . Can you please make it the weekend now ? 
back in Alpena . 
training tomorrow morning , then a most excellent weekend . 
Good three hours of training this morning , especially after only 3 hours of sleep . Ready for a night of epic proportions . 
Well that was one hell of a weekend . 
losing my damn mind . 
needs to go overseas for a while . 
Iron Chef 
Gonna be in alpena this weekend . If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out or knows of any halloween parties , let me know ! 
In Alpena . Lets < PROPFEMALE > out . 
feels old ... 
Back to the North . 
You can't run . 
Remember , remember , the 5th of November ... 
No rest for the weary 
Went to Wal-mart with only 35 bucks in my pocket . Walked out with all the groceries I needed . Total : $34.50 . Didn't even break a sweat . 
Days gone bye 
studying for the NREMT exam . Nervous ? Completely . 
Dear Imogen Heap , \ 
Lets face it , we were made for each other . We should probably go get married right now . \ 
Love , < PROPMALE > 
survived the drive . 
Be nice to me , I gave blood today :D 
I need to get off of this continent . 
Wake up this morning :\ 
\ 
Anchorage , Alaska , 1 degree above 0\ 
Sault Sainte < PROPFEMALE > , Michigan , 21 degrees below 0\ 
sweet ... 
ready for a long relaxing drive home with nothing but my satellite radio . 
just hanging out at home . 
is officially a licensed EMT ! Perfect early Christmas present . 
Bye Alpena ... 
All moved in to my cozy new room ! And my laptop is finally back with its master :D 
has a very hard time saying no . 
I cannot seem to operate , \ 
And you , my love , are gone . 
When life hands you : High Fructose Corn Syrup , Citric Acid , Ascorbic Acid , Maltodextrin , Sodium Acid Pyrophosphate , Magnesium Oxide , Calcium Fumarate , Yellow 5 , Tocopherol , and Less Than 2% Natural Flavors ... \ 
make lemonade 
You are the product of 4.6 billion years of evolutionary success . It's time to start living up to it . 
Going home for the weekend :) 
anyone wanna do something ? 
If anyone out there is selling an ipod , zune , or whatever , let me know . 
wishes his life was more like an Angels and Airwaves album . 
Getting mail makes my entire day :) 
is not attending SNOWPOCALYPSE 2011 
can't wait to be home . 6 hours to go . 
home for the weekend :D 
9 hours of training , transports , and run reports ... time to chill . 
I want to get on with getting on with things . 
For a long time , I've been wanting to leave , for an even longer time . 
For those who believed in me , \ 
when I no longer believed in myself . \ 
For those who swept the darkness from my face with a smile . \ 
For those who exchanged my burdens for their heartfelt joy , \ 
and never sought a better bargain . \ 
For those whose love and laughter gave me wings , \ 
and a blue sky . \ 
For those I cannot thank enough , \ 
in this life or the next . \ 
For my friends and family . \ 
You mean the world to me . 
staring at half-written letters in my hands , and heartfelt letters on my wall . 
What would you try if you had no fear ? 
