is feelin ' scruffy . 

wha tuh guh ? 
\That sucks . \"" 
is slaying dragons . 
is playing at the fair tomorrow . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays ... Why ? 
Who would be down for some dungeons and dragons at some point ? Im gonna host a campaign eventually . 
still stands in the face of the night . 
is fuckin lonely . 
Excelsior . 
just got blown the fkk up . 
well played Mr. < PROPFIRST > . 
is i wazahd . 
grows tired of WoW ... TF2 anyone ? 
if you have a steam account tell me the name . 
returned from judas priest . 
wants to know if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out some time , cause im dying over here . 
is finally done with class . who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ? I might head uptown . 
shadow of the colossus is such win . 
beat shadow of the colossus on hard mode . Forgot how the ending is so nostalgic ... and makes ... no sense ... 
Goodbye , Petaluma High . 
Tomorrow begins an adventure . A new land awaits me ! 
just got home from inglorious basterds .... arivaderchi . 
and the digits < PROPMALE > fuego . 
canceled his WoW subscription . Its time to focus on the more important things . 
mesaaaage iiiin a boootleeee , yeah . 
needs some purple paint ... 
just died a little on the inside . Unpleasant at best . 
is bored out of his mind . Mehh . 
seriously hopes that people arent as shallow as this theory suggests . 
salvation ! yusss . 
Good night to all . One imperticular ... 
is playing the song , thinking about someone . 
has obtained a sweater vest . 
finished his new lyrics . the best yet i think . 
is a chump . 
is drowning in a sea of uncertainty , fighting leviathans and krackens hes all too familiar with . 
has slain the leviathans and whatnot , for tonight at least . 
has obtained nutella !!! 
enjoyed walking shoeless in the rain today . :D Talkk ?... 
??????????????? 
just got home from walking across town solo . 
takes a big sigh and closes his eyes . Things will change eventually . 
is at home on turbulant seas . 
is a chump . fuck relationships . 
takes a second wind . Time will play its part . 
returns from treasure island and a japaneese feast . 
would enjoy some light conversation . Text 7074909898 . 
wants to talk to new people . 
meh 
is revisiting the magic of Tool . 
peppermint tea . 
byah pum pum ! byah pum pum ! 
picked up an accordion . 
Its been a long time , long time , long ... 
... So basically after 3 days of playing accordion , my left arm is already getting turbo buff ... Nobody raise your voices , ohhh ! Just another night in nantes . 
.. arms stopped cramping , back to the accordion grind . 
anyone got a djembe they want to sell ? 
is crafting his costume ... 
beat the Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time again . Reminds me of better times . 
is seventeen tomorrow ... 
is seventeen today . 
says Gyorg must be slain . 
is contemplating weather or not to forsake operation novembeard . 
just got a new ipod ... :3 
will return soon . 
enjoys Explosions In The Sky . 
has returned from his adventures . 
is looking for a bit of conversation . 
just got CoD Modern Warfare 2 ... 
picked up his own accent apperently . 
needs a purple sweatervest ... 
wisdom teeth are out . feels like i sock stabbed in the face with a sodering iron . 
is working the jaw . 
is bored out of his mind . 
is prepared for an adventure . 
thinks he may be down for some busking tomorrow if the weather allows it . 
No busking today . Id dig a good chat right aboot now . 
felt like today was going to be a good day , dead wrong . fuck life . 
is having tea time . 
casts magic missile . 
\A wild Ditto appears ! \"" 
2:00 and still chuggin . 
is taking care of a little bird his cats caught . 
saved a baby bird today . 
has adorned a fresh sweatervest . Mmm . 
is burying a bird tomorrow . 
pulled an all nighter . no < PROPFEMALE > . 
woke up at 2:00 pm on christmas . 
go to cleverbot.com 
just ordered an xbox 360 elite . 
is working on his embouchure . 
spiffy . 
O fate , when will thy merciful < PROPMALE > be given ? 
has been feelin ' pretty cynical lately . 
just woke up after a 5 hour nap . 
is working on trumpet . 
I posted some new lyrics under notes . Tell me what you think . 
is gaining some trumpet exp . 
got some pumas and a purple sweatervest . 
is recording his sailor song . 
is playing accordion in his wizard robes . 
thinks he shall pay a visit to petaluma high tomorrow . 
is currently running a proxy to bypass petaluma high block lists . 
has more sweatervests than he knows what to do with . 
is singing his sailor song . 
is hooked up to xbox live , gamer tag is IndigoBoot 
wants to have an adventure . 
needs peoples gamer tags for xbox . 
aquired some red wine . 
is printing out d&d character sheets . cause d&d is the best medicine . 
is looking into some music books ... 
is writing a novel . 
had a bit too much cabernet . humm . 
is in one of those contemplative moods . 
has found hope confiding in a kind stranger . 
is feeling strange today . 
just got home . Maybe tomorrow will be better . 
got a shave and a haircut . Uhn . 
has a new favorite show . That spartan kicked the shit out of that ninja . 
gah . 
is writing a story . 
trumpet mantinence . 
is fatigued . 
is wanting to say words , and ask questions hes not quite sure about . 
finnally found the sound to express this feeling . 
has composed a new song . 
feels like the lock on his noggin just got unlocked . 
is reading a book with fuckin ' wizards n shit . 
zinfadelll ! 
is catching some early Zs . 
is recovering from the epic adventure . 
slays dragons . 
has some delicious mango nectar . 
wonders . 
needs an adventure . 
is feelin ' swell . 
begins his quest at < PROPFEMALE > . 
had quite the night , 11:11 , wish time . 
feels grounded and helpless . 
sits in California while his mind is far overseas . 
edelweiss , edelweiss ... 
has obtained a sweet antiquated nylon string guitar . Dusted off and tuned up . 
is now fiddling with his violin . It's been tooooo long . 
would greatly enjoy slaying this < PROPFIRST > Bieber kid , not unlike a dragon . 
ran from the police tonight . 
is curing his battle wounds from yesterday . 
is feeling sassy . 
can't shake this feeling of melancholy . 
has all his recurring shots ( complete with tetanus ) and a court date tomorrow . Bullet please . 
loves his new shirt 
is feeling spiffy . 
is hitting petaluma high school tomorrow . 
just feels like packing up and leaving sometimes .. 
2:22 ... sticky tape . 
raises his sword and shield . . . 
is devouring some freshwater eel . 
watches patiently as the world floats by . 
finished draft one of his new lyrics , which are under notes if you wanted to see . 
attained slacks . 
feels as though his brain is exploding . 
Jolly maternal unit appreciation day . 
just watched Revenge of the Nerds . 
needs a dragon to slay . 
needs something to do today . 
believe it is time to decend into the abyssal realm that is his dreamscape . 
returns from a night on the town . 
can't write lyrics for this one ... 
sees all these beautiful stars , but no one to share this moment with . 
\you have to call me dragon . \ " \ " you have to call me night hawk . \"" 
ahhh , my lungs . 
batman versus dracula . . . roichus . . . ? 
keanu reeves is in bram stokers dracula ? what is this shit ? 
DEBAUCHERY ! 
sometimes feels like there is no one out there . 
night life . 
has been listening to amazing music all day .. Ulrich Schnauss and such . 
infomercials . 
is off camping . see you when i do . 
has returned prematurely . Whaddup yall . 
needs a place to go and people to be with . 
needs out of the acursed house .. 
is on a tropical adventure . 
has returned at last . 
aside from Beirut im at a loss for what i should learn on the uke . suggestions please . \ 
ive added numerous songs to my repertoire already . 
is on ukulele break , be back in 10 mins ... maybe 30 mins ... maybe more ... 
ground control to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
here am i , sitting in a tin can , far above the world , planet earth is blue and there's nothing i can do . 
carousels twirl around exicted youth , i do not mind at all . 
Hey , Novato/Sonoma friends , lets < PROPFEMALE > out soon . Kthanksgubai . 
just beat a normal computer in warcraft 3 : frozen throne using nothing but peasants . 
is a super saiyan . 
has his permit test tomorrow morning . 
http://www.formspring.me/xeronix 
got his drivers permit . 
can't quite explain this feeling . 
is making some magic decks . 
2:00 and on facebook ? Just go to bed . 
is wearing a sling . 
is hitting the sack , text if joowanna . 
spent 14 hours playing magic yesterday . 
is gonna try for lunch at petaluma high tomorrow . 
has learned < PROPFEMALE > Ball by Keane on Uke . 
is a creep . 
thinks he has what they call \clairsentience \"." 
is learning elephant gun on the accordion . 
if i were to host a spirit summoning get together who would be down ? Ouija and such things . 
is thinking of new lyrics . 
a cool morning . yes . 
Is pretty sure he has like 500$ worth of first edition pokemon cards .... 
aime sa classe de français . 
Roses aren’t good symbols of love , I mean roses\ 
only last a few weeks and that’s only if you put them in water and they really\ 
only existed to be pretty . So that’s like saying , “my love for you is\ 
transitory , and based solely on appearance . ” 
“Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for , great enough to die for . ” - Dag Hammarskjold 
best . default picture . ever . 
is slaying dragons , yet again . 
add me on xbox live - new tag is Ireless 
new strings on my uke . feels good man . 
wonders about all these thoughts darting back and forth all the time , and who might be feeling this same way , at this very moment . 
Ai-je été oublié ? 
what good are my melodies if I can't gift them the words that are on the tip of my tongue ? 
is trying to learn calligraphy . 
finished his larping short sword . now all he needs is some lumber that could constitute a shield . 
wrecked some shit larping today . 
has a need to take up his sword yet again . 
oui , oublié . 
shall take up the sword yet again . 
finished his shield . 
oh well hello there fall , kinda late ey < PROPMALE > ? 
has spider fingers . 
is contemplating deleting his facebook . 
slept for twelve hours . 
whew . 
Tu me manques . 
to all you guys who play LoL , add me , Ireless . 
deux jours . 
< PROPFEMALE > jour . 
manhood . 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes ! 18 , huzzah . 
is getting an alienware < PROPFEMALE > for his birthday , gonna be outfitting it with some music recording gear as well as some amazing games , so hopefully i shall be distributing cds of my music soon enough ! 
Of course I would pick daylight savings time to stay up all night . 
oh maiden , thou must not know what spells thy cast upon me , for so few a word drawn from your lips may cure these sleepless moons . 
O fledgling years , how thou hast faded ! 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
I reach out to take your hand , but no one is there . 
kinda getting into arcade fire , heard of them for ages i dont know why i havent looked into it until now . 
while you wait on the others , to make it all worthwhile .. 
oh piracy , how i do love you . 
I want you to know , when i look in your eyes , with every blow , comes another lie . 
cabernet , you never let me down . 
Façadebook . 
You say its too late to start got your heart in a headlock . 
take that Florida . 
somebody save me from my boredom . 
my ukulele sounds so much better listening to recordings rather than when I'm just playing it . 
is making for downtown . 
does anyone play borderlands ? 
Anyone who plays LoL should throw me their users . 
is seeking a job at a coffee shop someplace . 
is a champ with Mordekaiser . 
is beginning plans for a free-form expedition in Europe . 
has been trapped in this house for about a week . Anyone in particular wish to get together ? 
its all night one man awake-o-rama . Hello sleeping world , thine name is < PROPFIRST > Cannon-Nelson . 
ill sing of the walls of the well and the house at the top of the hill . 
is making cities in the clouds . 
Audacity thy name is < PROPFIRST > Cannon-Nelson . 
is searching his soul for the < PROPFEMALE > of his times . 
still looking for the < PROPFEMALE > of my times .. 
found the < PROPFEMALE > of his times . 
Oh Zach Condon , I wish my music would inspire a holiday in Brazil . 
is casting his < PROPFEMALE > in paper mache . 
dragonite dad , so sad .. 
would anyone like to give me titles of any movies they enjoy ? I have too much time on my hands these days . 
has no purpose other than to find one . 
I really hate those websites that are the shitty mistyped URL of popular websites , like yotube for instance , damn you , yotube . 
Paper maché . 
Craft cheese american single over a hot slice of apple pie . < PROPFEMALE > . Fuck yeah . 
god damn it finch . 
Off on a quest to Oregon , back in three days . Happy Valentines to all . 
has braved the frozen north . 
No I wouldn't have it any other way .. 
new obsession : Efterklang . 
step aside .. 
new song lyrics in my notes if your curious to my projects of late . 
Malade . 
An artist is the man who beholds that < PROPFEMALE > to which he cannot attain ; who is not vanquished by it , but who suffers of it . 
I need an orchestra . 
Damn my router . I can't slay the unholy powers of chaos with a sub-par connection . 
I tire of people posting memes on facebook . 
Gee , life sure is dull these days . 
Out of sight , out of mind . 
Fuck you , Dr. Manhattan . 
I still sing songs of you . 
DDoS , uhg . 
They don't think it is like it is , but it do . 
playing a recorder . 
why do good recorders have to be so expensive .. 
A cigarette at < PROPFEMALE > . 
I want a girl with a mind like a < PROPFEMALE > . 
The creature always has a way of lifting my spirits . 
shes got a silk dress and healthy breasts that bounce on his Italian leather sofa . 
The fury of the ocean is upon us . 
Strung up my electric . back in business . 
My six string prowess is returning to me . 
You're just a ghost , but your fingers burn like embers . 
Looking back , I don't feel like I have lived my life as I wished . That changes today . 
I need a righteous Telecaster . 
< PROPFEMALE > thy name is Vanlereux . 
Get your hands off my heiney baby . 
< PROPFEMALE > is but an hour away . 
Another night of sleeplessness , when shall I have something during the day to remain conscious for ? 
People no longer think about the undertones of carefully chosen words . 
oh the things that can fall into your lap . 
Oh gee , I rather like The Strokes . 
the old man awaits at the barrows . 
