is tryin to get ready for biking to work and college :/ 

college is where its at . hell yeah this is fun for some reason . 
640 is waaaaay to early for a math class . i basically killed me stamina by taking this class hahaha . its a good thing that ms singh is funny 
i hate how long of time i have inbetweem class ughhh so bored 
Quote Time : \A People that values its priviledges above its principles soon loses both\ " - < PROPMALE > D . Eisenhower- " 
hates english 101 with a passion . sooooooooo boring . 
beer is so good when winding down from a 9.5 hour work day :DD 
is on ooVoo now :D 
YESSSS a 3.692 gpa so far for college . im happy . damn it was pretty close to being 4.0 . why is Ohlone so much easier than Irvington lol . 
hates hangovers that are so bad you still feel a little drunk 
Already ready for todays work day to be over D: 
new year . waita be hecktic already :D 
getting so sick of childish stuff 
suppements are so confusing DD: 
whooow up 10 pounds so far . 155 to 165 yesss :D 
i never thought it would happen but i think that working out has become my hobby :D 
I guess the only word i can come up with is tired , completely and uterly tired ... 
dont know what to do .. ive got a lot of thinking to do .... 
is still confused :[ 
not confused anymore thank god :D 
sooo bored at work 
hates english . so annoyingly boring . 
Finally finished his essay and hopes to get a good grade on it tomorrow :(((((( 
ughhhh time to work out DDDDD: 
whooow i feel confident about that paper now 
ohhh my god Fulltime school and full time work on top of trying to have a life is getting me soooo tired lol . i fell asleep at work for like half an hour .... luckly the machine i was working on takes half an hour to finish :D lucky me lol 
hey my trig teacher told , me that there is a march on the 22 on sacramento , who knows if that is the actual date 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh im dying of boredom 
sucks at writing essays . i so wish i was better at it , but theres always so many thoughts going through my head and it always comes out wordy D: 
D,: writing sucks 
checkin out the fall 2010 classes makin sure i know my codes way far in advance so i get my stupid classes . all the classes i need have crazy horrible teachers in them by ratemyprofessor.com . hope i get the classes when it comes time 
great i have a jury summons and i have to miss my chem lab and lecture and make it up later great . 
loving life ...... :/ 
anyone have some funny jokes . could use a pick-me-up 
pretty done ... 
fucking hates homework . 
why must chemisty be such a boring class 
hell yeah . i walk into the main hall of the newark campus to find out bingo is going on . so why not you know lets play . a game later i actually won :D helllls yeah free target money . i F-ing love bingo 
Not looking forward to writing my course paper on Memento . This movie is so F-ing confusing . 
I need to find a way to get back into going to the gym . i haven't been in so long . I was thinking maybe i should do that P90X thing my brother had for a while it had worked goo d the week i had it but i don't know . help me D: 
yay for spending half of my weekend hungover and the other have partying it up :DDD 
is hating anterograde amnesia its sooooo confusing :(( and there is so much to read and a lot of it has nothing to do with anything 
great im getting sick : c , i hate colds !!!! 
FUCKKKKK YEAHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i finished my Psychology paper , sent it in . i soooooo hope its a good paper . i tried my darndist lol . wish me luck 
trigonometry is so much more boring in college than high school 
HP are the worst computers in the universe . every single god damn day there is a new mother fucking problem with this god damn computer . piece of shit 
loves going to the gym and doing a workout so intense that you lose complete track of the workings of the day because all of your concentration is put on to not pucking . Great form of therapy . solves so many problems , and makes you tone as FUCKKKK 
Whos taking the same class as me ; Chemistry 101A-01 , Computer Science 102-03 , Engineering 101-02 , Mathematics 188-05 or 02 
does any one have a crazy adventure idea that doesnt cost to much but is out of the ordinary . Im so sick of school and work and all of this stupid mundane day to day tasks . i need to get out of the normal and just go do something different . Road Trip , anything pleaaaaase help me 
holy moly we have to right a personal response for any reading and let me just say my personality is not responding to me . dammit 
OK so i was looking at the photos from when we all went to ice skate and that one crazy kid was there . dude whos down to do that shit again that was hella fun :D 
i hate work ... 
mother fucker almost every class that i have to sign up for is almost taken . im so pissed 
does anyone have suggestions on good ohlone classes if all of mine are taken ? 
great i so hope that i do not fail my english class . Damn you english why must you be so very hard 
finished all of mymathlab trig homework 100% hellllls yeah 
anyone know anything fun to do or want to do something im soooo bored 
who has any interesting points about the play Hamlet i have a test on it tomorrow and id like to have a lot of it covered 
fuck english i need to pass this final so i will never have to take another stupid english class in my life . OH english thou ar't the lothing of thyn life . 
is so sad . last day of work is proving to be pretty sad . so nice though :D ima miss Twin Creeks Technologies 
off to work on my car and hopefully make it not look like an old piece of shit , so i can drive it in style 
hell yeah did pretty damn good on my psych final and aced my trig final without even studying 
So i was just looking ove the body of my ' 63 < PROPFEMALE > and what i though would be some minor panel replacements and a bit of bondo , has turned into < PROPMALE > panel replacement and crazy bondo . Guess i have a good summer project 
all i can say is 40 year olds trippin off acid and burning shit made my weekend . i love flame mountain . best camping trip , but it could definitely use more young people and attractive women hahahahaha 
ohhh my god i drank wayyyyyy too much last night . just one of those night where you think you can take a 12-pack and forget it will never work hahahaha 
ahhh the bordom of fremont got to love it 
yaaaayyy my friends are getting motorcycles finally ill have some people to actually do the rides ive planned with . to bad they will have better bikes than me D:< 
alcohol oh how i love you . your my bestest of best friends 
just had the longest weekend ever that was a kinda big let down but i spent time with good friends so it was fun . but i neeeeed a fucking beer lol 
dang i found a skimboard when i was in sb that just needs a new layer of resin on it . i had no clue how hard that would be D: 
a bounce house and a keg is two of the best ideas in the world and put together they are incredibly amazing . 5 stars , 10 out of 10 , two thumbs up , and any other complete win 
ok so warmsprings is official the most retarded place ever . so we're chillin at the school and the snackshack alarm goes off . we get out of there , now my neighbors mad at me . and get this 10 < PROPFEMALE > after it stops ,, chillin at my house , it goes off again for no reason . what a bitch lol 
needs to find something to do with my life 
needs to find a passion for life . get that spark of life . truely see . i need something ... 
all i can say is im done ... just freakin done . 
very productive day :D felt like i needed more storage in my room so i made a shelf with a drawer :D hellls yeah didnt think i could actually make it 
hmmm went running and still wanna be productive . Read a book or try to build something . If build what to build :DDD 
why is there never anything to do in fremont . this place is slowly distroying me happiness in things . 
i need to stoppp dinking ...!! 1 
Good will Hunting . all i can say is man that movie , fucking love it . abhishakh we hella should watched but im glad me and < PROPMALE > watched it when we did cause shit did it just hit home right there . that movie made me feel great . if you havent seen it go get it and watch that movie trust me you'll love it 
why does life have to continue to be so confusing but even in the confusion be so very very pleasant 
....... yeah 
Super confused , bored , thinking way to much about something i really dont want to . Not really a fun day today 
thank you friends . helped me see i was acting like a little bitch ahahaha . you guys seem to have to do that a lot XD 
Life is good . I gotta say im feelin it right now :D 
Inception ...... SEE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i cant move . sun why must your burn hurt so very much D: 
' s surgery got moved up a week . now a camp meeting has to happen , because it might be off ..... 
Thank you Epicurus for your simple words that are just so impowering . I cannot believe I let myself forget it . And Mystics i wish i could see what you guys believe in , it would be quite interesting . Philosophy waita mindfuck me XD 
attempted falling asleep at 11:30 actual time fallin asleep ...... still havent . And now i have a hole in the wall .... lose lose situation yayyyyyy :/ 
Ok so i think im getting a tattoo . and i believe im going to do it on like rib cage . what do you guys think would be a good place to put it . its a quote too btw 
have you ever woken up and not known where you were ? today i woke up and found myself in a bathroom . not fun at all . but great night otherwise 
im so hungover that my eyes literally hurt . this has never happened 
I love how even in life's most simple points , you can be the most confused . Though while in all clouds of the confusion you could never be happier . 
Ok everyone im about to head off to the hospital . I just wanted to say thank you everyone for your support and keep wishing me luck . Good bye retarded jaw and hello new one . 
Wow surgery it has come to me cutting up grapes so that i can eat them hahaha 
Hey everybody so my classes wont allow me to continue my internship . I need to find a night job with hours from like 5 to night . Anybody know some places that would be hiring around now , in the fremont area . 
So i decided to go recycle some crap and got 26 dollars but it was so hot that i almost passed out . i hate being this weak , stupid surgery recovery . 
Ahhh college why do you have to suck . And math you ...... oh god why must you be so easy to forget in like a month 
god i hope i have all the classes i need to transfer on time . i cant be in the bay area another two years . 
So im pretty sure im still ontrack with my classes but i dont know if cal poly will except me so im going to TAG a backup . what do you guys think of engineering : UC < PROPMALE > , UC < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , or UC San < PROPMALE > ? 
Ahh finally finished my engineering memo . God that thing looks like a legit business memo helllllll yeah . toook forevvvererrererr 
aHHHHH psuedocoding !!!! why must you be so confusing , and look exactly like an algorithm . i dont get youuuuuu !!!!! 
I'M FUCKING BACK 
You have been defeated carls jr cheesesteak burger . The first day home after being iv fed for a day and only some liguid jello , i lay on my recliner out of it and hungry as hell . Guess what is the first thing on when i turn on the tv . YOUUUU you fucking carls jr burger , you looked so beautiful and yummy . AND you WEREEE XD 
I love my new wireless mouse . It can even go back a < PROPFEMALE > on it . It is also the only accessory that has not given me any difficulties when trying to apply it to my computer . Thank you mouse , you made me happy . 
Holy crap im writing one portion of our design report of our bridge comp . Im already at 5 pages and im still not done . Stupid pictures take so much space . 
Fuck programming . Worst homework ever . 5 of the longest function composition problems i have ever done . This is freaking math not programming . AHHHH 
yay programming i love when you start to make sense . cant wait until next semester when you turn into a 65% drop rated class XD 
Is it sad that my only plans for halloween so far is volunteering for my works halloween carnival .... :( wheres the parties at ????? 
FUCK EXCEL !!!!!! 
mmmm a beer or two sounds pretty good right about now :D 
Wow . Thought working out would be really tough after not doing it for 7 months . Not to bad , not to bad . 
Fuck fremont . Im so sick of never having anything to do . I cant believe i have two more years of this . 
is any one else thinking of getting a tattoo that might know any good places ? 
who knows a good classic font for a quote ? 
Good workout , quite proud :D . The mirror never lies 
kingdom hearts . why must your endings to every game mind fuck the shit out of you , and have you beginning for more . Oh that is why i love you . \ 
\ 
If you havent played birth by sleep DOOO ITTTT !!! 
oh my god i hella wanna do the drive throught XL coca cola grenade lol 
Damn , ratemyprofessor.com is not working . Who has any suggestions about < PROPFEMALE > M . Nguyen , and Nha-Huyen N . Nguyen for Calculus 101A ; I don't really want to take Homna again . 
FUCK LATER REGISTRATION . I'm so sick of one class i need always filling up and then having to mess up the whole schedule just for that class 
4 minutes to go before i sign up , 7 spots left in the class i want . holy shit IM GOING TO GET IT :D . IM SO F-ING HAPPY 
FML i need to overload for Calculus but they wont approve it until < PROPFIRST > 10 so everyone can try to get into classes . thats fucking bull let me sign up now dammit 
hahaha i love how all the games i played signing up for classes which no one had played , now have like all of my friends playing ; and BEATING ME DX 
FLTK why must you be so hard . I just want to make a window that shows a FuCking picture of the battle ship game . Why must you be so hard to CODE DAMMITTT 
Wow i like how for the programming projects one of the simplest was a virtual piano and it was kick ass lol . they even played jiggle bells . 
Wow i just added the coding for the robot we built in engineering class , and it added 4 pages to the Design Report . MASTER CODER !!!! 
F you precal , you have me hella stressed for your final . Why must you be at 7 am , and why is it that every class i attended seemed pretty easy but miss two days and great now three whole chapters dont make sense :( * super sad face * 
Math why must your final be so hard D; 
One more final to go . Programming final im going to warn you know your about to get rapped XD 
is a jerk for making < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > go sad . face cause i can`t make it to her birthday >:O 
Oh my god i so freakin cant wait for one more day of work . Its fuckin rage time come monday . FUCKIN RAGE TIMEEEEE !!!!! 
hahaha i love foreign accent syndrone . Makes some funny ass sounding people . 
< PROPMALE > Hay , your song Overkill is nice . 
Kingdom Hearts you have officially surpassed Final Fantasy . FTW 
is a chocolate covered penis enthusiast 
Everyone , from Monday January 24th to the end of spring semester , you will probably see almost none of me . Yay for 20 units and 20 hours of work a week 
why must winter break end :( super sad . Anyone know of anything going on . I want break to end fun :) 
Why is it that every time i set my cruise control on mission , all the lights seem to turn red D:< 
Fuck yeah investment program homework , SUCKKK ITTTTT !!!! you just got doneee 
HOLY SHIT i might actually be able to due stuff this weekend i think i almost finished all my homework . 
holy shit one day in chem i have 85 online assignments due . WTF 
Wish me luck everyone . Formal Evaluation time at work . I hope I've been doing really good . 
Just had a rockstar 10 minutes ago and i'm already crashing . how the hell am i going to make it through chem tonight :( 
Fuck online chemistry homework .. < PROPFIRST > one dame thing have to redo like 10 that you got right ... piece of shit 
cycling .... you have once again kicked my ass . 
Damn calculus . 5 hours today doing homework . 1 and a half of which making a program for our calculators to do the problem for us . 
Road you best be ready for a gpz 900 . Cause its coming out to play in the morning 
YEAHHHH suck it chemistry , you just got did !!!! 
You can still get an A and not do all of the homework . Fuck you Chemistry why do you have so much Fucking homework :( 
Amazing timing :D 
God there are curtains on the showers in the gym for a fucking purpose you awkward ass old men . I swear are you like fucking retarded or something 
type in \how do i find < PROPMALE > norris\ " and hit im feeling lucky on Google . Be ready to laugh " 
motorcycle parking at the top of the hill ftw 
Fuck Programming !!!! 
Calculus you need to go die . Die in the most cruel and unusual way possible 
Fuck yeah braces off on march 15th 
Chemistry why must you be so tedious . 
Damn Calculus test . You win 
Rage quit !!!!!!!!!! fuck you program !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Hey everyone . So I'm trying to bring some more members into the Engineering club . We meet Mondays and Wednesdays from 4:00 pm to 5:00 pm . We're going to be doing some pretty awesome stuff this semester . Robotics competitions , Catapults , trips , and talks ... sound fun ? Come on through . 
Chemistry you will be the death of my sanity . Owl creators you can go suck on a giant nasty penis . 
Any one have any suggestions for my engineering computer design courses final project . I have to receate anything on the computer in 3D . I was thinking < PROPMALE > Da Vinci's glider ...? What do you guys think , and i swear if any of my friends say a penis I'm already taking the time to say FUCK No RETARD !!!! 
Ahhhhh , I'm finally free of your wrath braces . 
If there are any other programmers on here and understand what this error is ... please help me out :\ 
Job . cpp : 19 : error : `double operator < (int , const JobBid *)' must have an argument\ 
of class or enumerated type\ 
I'm trying to overload the less than operator and it is being a little bitch . 
YAy !!!!! One more 200 line code . One more assignment closer to being on break . Super procrastination finishing OWL homework D: 
Holllly shit . I've heard so much shit about that friday song so i was like why not lets see how bad it is ..... WTF has come to this world . That shit is fucking horrible . There like twelve what do they do on their friday parties . pin the tail on the donkey . they need to fire her as quick as possible 
yeaaaaaay !!! work with a super headache :((( 
< PROPMALE > over as fuck this morning 
Fun ass night 
Shuffle , why are you so much fun now that i actually now the real one . Thank you < PROPMALE > Renojo for showing me the right one . 
Damn , never taking 2 weeks off of working out . I can barely stay awake in class right now . good thing its AutoCAD and i finished everything . 
so bored i played bloon tower defense for like an hour and a half :( fml 
