Happy New Year ! Start off great by doing something awesome ! 

Yea for it being Friday night ! 
Back home .... time for a nap and then tie to work ! 
Wondering about that interview , I hope I get it !!!!!! 
Yeah , Christmas Break !!!!! 
Yeah , my car is going to cost way too much , but I will make it ! Somehow , it always seems to work out . 
I am really tired , and ready for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > services to be over now . 
Everyone , have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! May you find joy , peace , and love , and share it with others ! 
So , do I have to wake-up . I need sleep !!!!!!!! 
So , I shouldn't be frustrated , but when people who have no expertise in some area where you have expertise and they tell you what has to happen , that just pisses me off . Good , that is off my chest now ! 
Yes , it is time now to do the impossible . Clean My room ! 
It is finished .... my room that is . 
Do I want to do anything today ? ......... Hell no ! ........... But I'll do it anyways . 
Now for some rest , ish . 
So , I think that it is time for bed , Yo ! 
So , I do not want to practice , but I know I have to , so I am going to anyways ! 
Happy New Year ! Party safely ! Do not drink and drive ! 
So , yeah , school starts again tomorrow . I wish I had another month ! 
So , I think that I am going to do something different . I hope it works ! 
tired , but friendly ! 
It is way to early for this ! 
Life is like a box of chocolates . You only eat the ones you like , then you give the rest away . 
I get to be up all night , but that is what I get for procrastinating ! 
Glad it is the weekend ! Here soon , I will have a new batch of students . YES ! 
I think that tomorrow at about 10am , I am going to have a small party ! I will have new kids on Tuesday ! My stress is about to go way down ! 
Things to think about ! What am I really to do ? hmmmm ........ 
Snow , snow , go away , and never come back because I hate you ! 
Naps are the greatest ! 
tired and a little frustrated 
So , is sleeping early on a Saturday night a sin ? Hmmm ...... 
hmmm ... how can people be so hateful ? 
Do I have to ? 
I love pizza ! 
sleep 
Do I really have to go to school early tomorrow morning ? I wish students could figure things out on their own sometimes , instead of me leading them through . It is just tiring ! 
Dance it away ! 
I vote that nap-time should be mandatory ! 
The snow is leaving ! At least for now . I will be sad when it comes back :-( 
I am tired ... time for bed ... good night ! 
So go ahead and hate you neighbor . Go ahead and cheat your friend . Do it in the name of Heaven , you'll be justified in the end . There won't be any trumpets blowin ' , on that judgement day . On the bloody morning after ...... One tin soldier rides away ! 
I want sugar , but am refusing to eat it ! Trying to keep my new years resolution in tact ! 
The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars ; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth . H . L . Mencken ( 1880 - 1956 ) 
Not working on things I should be working on . Well , guess I will have to work harder tomorrow ! 
Tired , but accomplished ( at least for now ! ) . 
I need practice time ! Where will it come from ! AAHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
so , what to do ? Go to Chi-town ? hmm ... we shall see ! 
finally home ... go colts ... have way too much work to do ! 
Grading sucks ! 
Wish my arm would stop hurting ! Do not wish to go to a doctor tomorrow instead of making money . 
Yes ! My first snow day ! 
Too much to do .... ahhhhhhh ! 
Yes ! I love S.A.D. ( Singles Awareness Day ! ) 
I am tired . I am sore . I am a little upset . But most of all , I enjoy playing the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Have the night off , awesome ! 
Sounds like I am having a great and restful weekend ! Woot ! 
What do we want ? PROCRASTINATION ! When do we want it ?... Next week . 
You know , as a musician , you would think I could understand artist . I don't! 
So , I cannot procrastinate any longer . Gotta get things done ! 
Tired ... Bed ... hmmmm ... zzzz .... 
So , I may not have a job for this summer ... any suggestions ( all comments must be reasonable) ? 
I need to practice , because I have to be awesome ! 
Tired , but feeling good ! 
Do I have to ?... But , but , but , I just don't wanna do it ! 
Back in Funcie Muncie ! AKA , here to see Ayriole ! 
Going to chi-town , getting some Bar-B-Que ! Yes ! 
Finally applied to grad school ! Wish me luck ! 
Need to get out of Elkhart , so I am going to Chi-town ! Yes ! 
Whoever thought that we should \change time\ " needs to be slapped ! I hate loosing an hour ! " 
Off to Michigan , guess I like to travel a lot ! hehe ! 
um , lonely in St. < PROPFIRST > , but enjoying the break anyways between my rehearsals ! 
Ready to leave Elkhart ! I must go ! I just have to little cash to do so ! It sucks being poor ! 
In the drive through , \I would like a McChicken and a hot fudge sunday to go please . \ " I am stupid ! hehe ! " 
is needing to practice , because I have to do very , very well in less that 2 weeks ! 
I just tried to practice , and it kicked my ass ! 
tired , but good ! 
Here in Michigan , playing a concert ! I love Barber . 
I have got to practice , practice , practice , but I think that I deserve a small nap first ! 
Work to do ! Work to do ! Work to do ! Cannot have a day off ! 
Practiced a lot today , and I feel grrrrrrrrrreat ! 
I am trying to be ready for Monday , but have tomorrow and Sunday to jump through first ! Oh how things love to pile up ! 
I just lost the game ... damn it ! 
In Chi-town ! Yes ! 
Audition went ok ... some little mistakes on the Brahms , but overall it was good . I will let you know when I know if I got in ... cross your fingers ! 
I am tired , but had a great day ! Not so sure about tomorrow , which is the day before spring break ! Kids are going to be CRAZY !!!!! 
Have to clean the car today , and other than that , I am pretty much on break ! Woot ! 
Wish there was something to do in Elkhart ! 
Happy Easter ! Enjoy the weather ( hopefully it is nice everywhere , it is ok here in Indiana ! ) . 
No motivation today ! This has to change fast ! 
Going to Ohio to gets me a job ! Yahoo ! Tomorrow Morning ... that is ! 
Forgot to find a cantor for tomorrow , guess I have to do it ! oooppss ! 
Need a sub job , but don't want one ! Would like a day to just sit around and do nothing . But then I make no money . \Welcome to Life \"..." 
Taxes done ... Uncle < PROPFIRST > has my money ! 
feels he is being pushed out before he is really not really available anymore . 
Uh , too much stuff to do ! 
It is opera week at Notre Dame , and I am the only violist . Isn't there a joke in there somewhere ...??? 
Tired , long rehearsal , one impossible part ( It cannot be played by one person ! ) . Time for sleep ... 
I just received a letter of acceptance to VanderCoiok College of Music in their Masters of Music Education and Certification program ! I am excited . Chicago , here I come ! 
Oh , opera parties are something to behold ! 
is thinking about what to do for an apartment next year . Should he find a roommate ( is this a good idea) ? Should he just get something cheap , even if it isn't the best ? Feel free to post your thoughts , because < PROPFIRST > is a little clueless ! 
Going to a cookout ! Fun times ! 
Lots to do , but yet I feel that I can get it done ! 
Fixed the screen on my computer ! Taking a laptop apart is much different and more challenging than a desktop ! 
Wow , I have too much stuff ! Cannot believe how much I consolidated ! And that was just what was in the attic ! I still have to go through my room ! Wow ! 
Happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there ! May your day be wonderful and blessed with showerings of love and appreciation ! 
Needs more time .... 
At camp , loving it , missing Glee ( which sucks ! ) . 
Tons of practicing .... 
Just heard on the radio that McDonald's is recalling all of their Shrek cups because of a toxin in the paint . They will be posting refunds online . As soon as I have the information , I will post it here . Do not drink from these cups . 
It is almost time for camp ! 
I just put up my address for the summer , so if you feel inclined to send me something , do so ! 
Happy 4th of July ! 
Hopefully get to see the parents today ( YAY ! this is the only time I may get to see them till August ! ) 
Have my new Motorola Droid and I love it . 
Waiting for campers to arrive . The store is boring without them ! 
Has been a relaxing day ! I needed that ! 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful b-day wishes ! I had a great night win steak and buying a new outfit for the camp staff banquet ! A good day overall ! 
It is awesome that prop . 8 was overturned . May it continue as it goes through as it appealed . May justice be served . 
In Pittsburgh shopping with Ayriole Frost . 
So , my brake line to the back brakes of my car just started leaking ... again ! It was fixed 6 or 7 weeks ago . I could have been in a huge car accident because someone did not do their job correctly ! I am pissed ! 
So , my brake line to the back brakes of my car just started leaking ... again ! It was fixed 6 or 7 weeks ago . I could have been in a huge car accident because someone did not do their job correctly ! Praise God Ayriole and I are OK ! I am pissed ! \ 
Thank you also to my friend < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , who has been driving me around . I am not sure what I would have done without him . 
Waiting ... that is all I can do ! 
What to do , What to do ? I feel busy already . I NEED A BREAK !!!!! Although , I am enjoying school and Chicago thoroughly ! 
Need a job ... Need my parking permit ... Need to do something , I am bored ! 
Someone broke into my car today through the passenger seat window . They went through my whole car , but only took the change . It sucks that my window is broken , but I am glad all they took was my change . If anything , I feel very sorry for them that they did this , whether it be out of absolute need or out of malice . In any case , I am OK , my car is mostly OK , and I am not stressed about some change missing . 
A little frustrated ... they are just NOW working on Grad Plus loans ... this means that I am not going to get any of my loans in until probably October ... This is not good ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wood ... you help me ... Anita < PROPMALE > ! 
Things are starting to look up ... I am finally working on climbing that mountain instead of sliding down it ! 
Did not think that looking for a job would be so difficult in Chicago . There just is not anything out there that would make me enough money . What am I to do ? 
Trying to load videos on youtube . Didn't think it would take this long ! 
Tons to do this weekend ! Such is life ! 
So ... I need chocolate ! 
Today : Homework , Find a Job , GLEE !!!!! 
So , the job thing is still not looking good , but I am getting my homework done ! 
Well , got most of my homework done , but still a lot to do . Guess I will have to find a way to fit it in tomorrow ! 
Too long of a day . I will be sleeping here shortlyish ! 
O , Job , how I need thee ! 
Tired , didn't finish what I needed to finish , and ready to go to sleep ! I will be working really , really hard tomorrow ! 
I am hoping that this latest job idea would work ! It is exactly what I wanted in the first place . 
Lots to do today ! Homework , Homework , and more Homework ! 
Really enjoyed Glee !!! As always ! 
Is it too late to watch a movie ? 
Have to write , write , write ! 
Done with my percussion tech paper ! Yes ! Now , to study for the U.S. History and Government mid-term ! 
Tired , it is time for bed , but I have < PROPFEMALE > much to do ! Hopefully time will fly and I will < PROPFEMALE > n be in bed ! 
Tired , why am I still up !!!! 
Was glad to have a break , but tomorrow , it is back to work ! 
is happy that he is getting < PROPFEMALE>'s food tonight ! 
I am tired ! 
What to do ? 
Motivation , I would like to be friends now ! 
Staying inside , until 6:30 , then I am going to Jenn Wroblewski Alvarez's apartment for dinner ! I am excited ! 
Why would I touch her ? She is covered in airplane germs . 
Wow , again a day without motivation ! I hope that I can get everything done that needs to be done this weekend ! 
At home , need to do homework , will try to get started ! Got a check today , and it was higher than expected ! I feel as if I had a good day ! 
Have to get orchestra 7 to 9 next semester ! I really do not wish to be here at 10pm in the evening on Wednesdays . 
I want to go to bed and am really tired , but I am not sleepy ! This sucks ! 
Slowly , motivaton is coming my way ! Keeping it up may not be easy though ! 
Thanks to momma Frost for everything ! Got my laundry done ! < PROPFEMALE > Wood , I give you my apologies and look forward to Saturday ! 
The IIT alert is over according to IIT security . 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a lawsuit ? Everyone is happy when the case is closed . 
This being cold at home is crap ! 
Looking at random < PROPFEMALE > concertos that I have never heard of before ! It is fun ! I am a dork ! 
Going to hear the Chicago Philharmonic ! If you are in/near Chicago and want to go , let me know ! I will be driving up there ! 
Thinking about my kids from this summer and how much I miss them ! I also miss all of my wonderful friends from Camp Mowana ! 
Ready for that motivation again ! However , I did get some practicing done today ! 
About to be Gleeky ! 
is really happy ! 
I dislike strongly the practice rooms at VanderCook . They are too small and the sound is awful , making me sound awful , which in turn makes me not want to practice ! 
Atlantis Frost is so amazing , and so is Lucian ! 
Head hurts , body hurts , tired . I am not sure what is going on , but I hope that tomorrow I feel better ! 
Reading < PROPMALE > Potter fan fiction ! There are some great stories out there ! 
Great day learning about choral conducting ! I am bored and wished I had something to do tonight though ! 
Nap in a little bit , then work , work , work ! 
Just made some delicious chili ! What a wonderful thing to have on a coldish rainy night ! 
Oops , forgot to bring my stuff to write essays this morning . Guess that means I get a break instead ! 
What's the difference between a chainsaw and a < PROPFEMALE > ? You can't fake cutting down a tree . 
You make the underflaps of my breasts burn ! 
I am not one to just befriend someone on facebook ! Especially if we have never had a conversation in real life . Seriously , we are not friends , because friends do activities together and talk . We have not done this , therefore , I am not your friend in real life or on facebook ! 
bed ! 
Got my Financial Aid check , but it is not enough to cover everything . Have to figure out what I am going to do ! Anyone know of a job in Chicago ? 
need to get that research paper done , now for the motivation part ! 
thinks that he will do fine on his paper ! 
On < PROPFEMALE > 3 1/2 of 6 , just gotta keep going ! 
4 1/2 pages of 6 . Will write the rest tomorrow morning . I need rest because I have work to do tomorrow as well . 
Paper finished ! 
I enjoy how they group the \friends on chat\ " section . I am usually surprised at who is where according to the pictures . " 
They look like baby seals . - < PROPFEMALE > 
A blender full of nutrition . - < PROPFEMALE > 
Is there such thing as being too gleeky ? 
Sometimes I wonder how I could be so dumb ! 
Is glad that there is not school today ! I need a break ! 
Eating dinner , getting ready for church tonight for a Thanksgiving < PROPFEMALE > service , then off to see Ayriole ! 
Currently , nothing is happening on facebook ! Just thought I would share . 
I am completely thankful for all of my family and friends . I would never have made it to this point without your love and support . Have a great day ! 
Busy week ... too much to do ... not able to be social ... :-( 
Got some good stuff done today , but am going to have to continue to work hard in order to get the rest of this done ! 
Second verse , same as the first ! 
Need to rest so that I can work tomorrow ! I hate winter , it is just depressing ! 
First part of a final this morning ! I know that I still have a lot to do , but the semester is less than a week from being over . 
Babysitting my cute little nephew < PROPMALE > ! 
I am so happy that my portfolio is coming together ! Still have a lot to do to make it great , but I am excited that it is getting done well . 
Just remembered that I could ask for an extension for my portfolio until Thursday ! That makes my finals week soooo much better ! 
I have to be up early , so why I am up again ? 
Totally finishing up my 1st small essay paper . I still think I need a break , but I think I need to \just keep swimming ! \ " Hehe " 
Papers done , world music to study , 4 hours of practice in , I am doing great ! 
Things are wrapping up quickly ! I still feel as if I have too much to do , even if school is over ! 
Done ! 
is drained . It has been a long 1 1/2 weeks . Nothing got done today . It just was what it was . 
OK , off towards bed . Good Night All ! 
Have a rehearsal in Michigan , then going home for the night ! Pretty much busy all weekend , but please feel free to text me , and if I am free ( I have some freetime ) , I will make sure to call ! 
Home at last ! 
Someone beat me to the punch ! 
It is Sunday night , and I am bored ! 
Trying to figure out what I am going to do for the next few moments ! 
Stop chuckin ' my wood you woodchucks ! 
Damn being awake before the alarm ! 
At the < PROPMALE > . Sweet ! 
\ You're a teen mommy . You are treiler trash where I come from\ 
I'm pissed ! 
I need to get much work done today on my audition material . Altough I am tired , I am going to work up a recording each day . I must go do this as soon as possible . I know this is contrived , but it was based on my top ten words of 2010 ! 
Ah , angry birds , why do you entice me so !? 
has more than he thought he had ! 
Thinking about going to get something chocolately ! What do you think ? 
Brownies that are warm are just the best in the world ! 
Brownie , then housework . Call me if you wish to talk ! 
Home , but not ready for bed ... What to do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! Hope you have a wonderful day ! 
Hmm ... not sure what to think . 
Get to travel home through lake effect snow ! How exciting ! 
Sleeping ... ' tis what I should be doing ! However , Christmas Break ruined that schedule . Glad I do not have to be at school until 12 ! 
Day 2 : Only 2 classes today ! Unfortunately they are separated by 4 1/2 hours . 
Day 3 : Feel like crap ... forgot to pack a lunch ... not sure what to do ... guess it will be < PROPFIRST > Johns today . 
I'm tired of treading upstream ... I just need my money so I can live ! This is completely frustrating that I get the shaft while other students are just revered . WTF ? I am so sick of it ... almost literally ! 
Just don't know what to think ! Hope I make it again ! 
Widor 6 is the Best ! 
Ah , Mahler , one of the great orchestral writers of all time ! 
Tired , but not sleepy ! 
Watching Constantine .... Hanging with Lucian ... Life is great ! 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day ! 
A solution may be in the making ! 
I hate being emotional , especially when there is no reason to be that way ! 
So , I think that I could care less about the Bears vs . Packers game ! I would rather practice , do homework , enjoy a movie , eating tons of chocolate , and the list goes on ! 
So , I feel that our President wanted to make ground and peace with all , Democrat or Republican , or even Independant , and the Republicans response was against him wanting to help cut spending and government , which is what they want . Does this make sense to anyone ! 
Facebook question of the day ! : So , can you say orchestrated if it is an arrangment of a choral piece for band ? Like , \This choral piece is orchestrated for band . \ " What is your opinion ? " 
Why am I still here ? Oh , well ! 
Tired ... long day ... hope that everybody decides to do well in ensembles this semester ! 
How can we skype if you are not online ! 
I am ok with the storm as long as I don't loose power and I get a few extra hours to sleep in ! 
No School = I don't have to take my test tomorrow ! 
Snow is fine , as long as I don't have to go out into it ! Guess tomorrow will be fun ! 
You know , when I have a fire under my ass I can accomplish great things . Maybe I should make sure there is a fire under my ass more often ! 
I hated the half-time show , it was the worst ever ! 
Damn snow keeps piling up . I hate snow . Are you here yet Spring ? I want you now ! 
Tired ... but , ready for glee ! 
Oh , and my car is finally dug out ! Yay ! Now , I just need gas to drive it ! 
What a night ! 
Tired ... but ready to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Schlaf ! 
Way too many performances for one weekend ! I am tired ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Even though I am single , I plan to share my love ! So should you ! 
Long day ! Valentines delivered ! Still single ! 
Who wants Bieber fever ! Not me ! The song from rent was the best , and Bieber fever has to go ! 
My serpentine belt broke on my car ! I had to wait 2 1/2 hours for the tow truck . However , I am mostly just tired ! 
Interesting glee this evening ! 
I need chocolate ! 
I love when I go to the store expecting to pay a ton of money and in the end paying much less ! 
Just got a hug from a stranger on the subway for helping her find the T.J. < PROPMALE > on State Street ! 
Damn Civic audition excerpts ! You are tough , but I will beat you ! 
I need to stop staying up late ! This being tired throughout the day thing is just not good ! 
This trumpet thing just isn't working out ! 
Well , my audition is tomorrow ! Guess there really isn't much more I can do to prepare , so time to rest ! ( However , I plan on being on facebook for a little while longer ! It is still a little too early for bed ! ) 
My audition went really well today ! I am happy with my results ! As soon as I know anything , I'll make sure to post ! 
wants today to be over already ! He needs rest ! 
I need a plate and a fork ! 
Class gets out a half-hour early ! Yay ! 
When everything is going well , sewage decides to dispose of itself into my apartment ! 
