I don't work this week ! 

I leave for Vegas Sunday 
Hopes he does not have to work in the men's department for a while . 
moves in 18 days ! 
Has finished moving in ! I should have brought more clothes . 
Please , just stop raining 
classes start tommorow ! I can't wait ! 
Saturday class is going to be the death of me 
Is annoyed with the e-mail server . It refuses to let me check my mail ! 
Multicultural Educational Resource Center Open house today . 2-4 PM at Hedgecock . Stop by and visit us ! 
Another mandatory house meeting ! At least this one was only 45 minutes . 
Strongly dislikes afternoons . 
Is sitting in the NEST at MERC again . Come visit us ! ( Across from Temaki & Tea o nthe second floor ) 
Off to take a Biochem test at 1 . 
Is wondering why everyone has gone home for the weekend . 
Just had one of the BEST saturdays ever with a great friend ! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho ... It's off to the NEST I go . 
Michigan residents @NMU : Go to the academic mall and see ASNMU before 3pm to call your state representative and ask for a vote to SAVE THE MICHIGAN PROMISE SCHOLARSHIP !!! This is your < PROPMALE > to affect your future ! 
My only class tomorrow is canceled ! Free day !!! 
Thanks everyone ! 
just spent five hours building a house out of cardboard to raise awarness for homelessness . Hidden City Rocks ! 
Laundry , laundry and more laundry 
Hopes you have a bright , < PROPFEMALE > monday ! :) 
is going to teach 300+ kids a science project this afternoon . Glue and starch mess here I come ! 
Currently has green hair , but survived the museum relatively unharmed ! 
Obama to address the HRC at 8 ! 
It's snowing !!!!!! :) 
is rather bored at the moment . And I ran out of homework to do ... 
is going home in 2 days ! :) 
I just attended an amazing presentation by two editors of The Onion . 
Thinks it's a little overkill to close all area public schools for two weeks because of H1N1 . 
is about to start the 18 hour bus adventure with ... a cab ride . Look out Kohl's AH , here I come . 
Finally finished by essay which I thought was due friday when it's really due tommrow morning . Great ... 
What would I do without best friends ? Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Arpoika ! You are the best ! 
It snowed last night ... and < PROPMALE > around for a while !! YAY ! 
So glide away on soapy heels And promise not to promise anymore And if you come around again Then I will take , then I will take the chain from off the door 
Saw a christmas commercial on TV last night ... It is way too early to start that . 
wants to scream . Registration is so stressful . ( I tried to register for seven sections and was only admitted to one ) AHHHHHHH ... 
NEST Meeting tommrow at 10:00 am . I hope to see you there ! It will be great . 
Procrastinating writing a 1500 word research paper due tomorrow . Still have not picked a topic . This will be a fun afternoon . 
does not like the idea of the university shutting the heat off for 12-14 hours tommrow . Am I the only one who thinks it's a bad idea when the temp is predicted to be 50 ? 
I'm going home tommrow !!!! Yay ! 
gets to work tommrow ! I can't wait to see all of you :) 
survived black friday and saturday in one piece . I was suprised at how UNbusy we were . 
Snow , snow , snow !!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
SNOW DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow ! A whole three degrees outside . How generous . 
I shall be going back a day early as I shall now be taking a bus . The joys of public transportation . 
Tommrow is the day for the adventure back to school . Good-bye boredom , hello new classes . 
Almost done with the first week ! This semester is going to fly by . 
is offically unofficially going to MBLGTACC ! 
Is there a party at the PEIF ? It seems popular today . 
I'm starting to miss my saturday class . At least it gave me something to do . 
Woke up to the lovely sound of the fire alarm . Today is going to be a good day . 
< PROPFIRST > Boies ( B ): Your document here says that civil unions were passed in Sweden in 1994 and now siblings can marry . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ( T ): Yes . B : You said you support civil unions but here siblings can marry after it was passed in Sweden . T : Yes . WTF ????? Is < PROPFEMALE > a complete idiot ? Or did he just spend a few decades under a rock ? 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure , but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does .... and make this your status for at least an hour ? 
Is jelousy an accecptable emotion , or is it just rude ? 
It's snowing again ! 
Three words that make me really happy : English Class cancelled . 
90% on Chem exam and sociology test , and our team won broomball . Awesome night !!!!! 
Skittle Pancakes = Yum .... 
needs to get dressed and eat somthing . I also don't want to move from this chair .. Oh the indicision . 
Just realized that for the last 45 minutes I have been looking for a piece of music under the keyword \Requiem\ " when it is really \ " Funeral march\ " ... great waste of time . " 
Made the < PROPFIRST>'s List 
This is a tough decision . Pay one printer $160 or another $306 for a banner . 
Wonderfully clear and < PROPFEMALE > day ! :) 
Broomball tonight ! 
Great job < PROPFEMALE > Sig ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Has a headach because some idiots in chem lab can't read their lab < PROPMALE > and put toxic chemicals on the counter instead of under the FUME HOOD like the instructions say to do in BOLD ! 
Spending the nightin the Marquette Childrens Museum , cleaning . 
Why does facebook hate me ? I can't find anything now . Make it stop . Change it back :( 
MBLGTACC Is next weekend !!!!! Yay ! 
MBLGTACC 2010 in 9 days !!!!!!! 
I jsut finished my econ exam online . One of the questions had identical answers for both A and B , both of wich I thought were right . great . 
Titrations today in chem lab ! Yay !!! :D 
Volunteering in Chem lab for science olympiad tommrow ! :D MBLGTACC in 6 days . It's going to be a great weekend ! 
3 Days till MBLGTACC !!!!!! 
To whomever stole my hoodie and pants from the drier : Why ? What could you possibly want with an old hoodie ? I hope you freeze to death ! 
Just recieved money for a scolarship that I had no idea I had been awarded . Thanks MI competitive scolarship ! :D 
Recieved new chemistry toys in the mail today . Yay superabsorbant polymers . Isn't science awesome ? 
Finally in < PROPFEMALE > . Conference tonight !!! 
Workshops Today !!!!!! 
MBLGTACC was AMAZING ! I can't wait to go next year at U of Michigan in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor ! 
My Life is now complete . I have made it in < PROPFEMALE > Hightower's quotes on facebook ! 
Borrowed from < PROPFEMALE > Hacker's wall : And on the third day , God created the Remington bolt-action rifle , so that Man could fight the dinosaurs . And the homosexuals . 
The only thing standing between me and spring break is a three hour chem lab ( and that is too much fun to be considered a chore ) 
Do they serve pickles in hell ? I sure hope so .... 
I was accecpted into SLFP !!! 
Found out today that someone got ahold of my visa card number and made a charge . Lovely . The same day my Mom had hundreds of dollars of make up charged to her account and sent to tennesee . Very lovely 
Spent the last hour and a half calling credit card companies , banks and credit reporing agencies . What fun . 
Does walking around with a 2000 mL beaker through the dorm hallways look strange ? I sure hope so . Yay Science Night ! 
Chem club's Science night a HUGE ( messy ) sucess . I hope it becomes a tradition . :D 
I sound like I've smoked 10 packs of cigerettes for 50 years . 
At the beach , watching the waves roll in . 
\I support Health Care Reform ! \ " Change your status if you do too ! " 
I think there should be a modified drinking game for outlook , but with food . Whenever anyone says OUTLook or < PROPFIRST > , everyone has to eat a Pretzle . And a dozen cookies to anyone sings the e-mail address when < PROPFEMALE > Hightower's around . :D 
Could it really get to 58 degrees today ? I sure hope so . Spring here we come . 
I feel like the seagalls are laughing at me from atop their light polls . 
So we lost to Michigan :( 
We made it to 216 !!!!!!! 
is now vice president of OUTLook 
The Jahova's Witnessses called me today and wanted to add me to their mailing list . I thought it rude to tell them no ... I hope they don't just show up one day . 
Finally registered for next year ! Yay 
Our SLFP block choose Gold ! Gold !? Really ? 
\Homosexuality is god's way of insuring that the truly gifted aren't burdened with children . \ " ~ Sam < PROPFIRST > " 
Wonders how I ended up listening to tecno music .. by choice ...... 
62 degreees you say ? I'll take it . 
Happy Easter ! 
Waiting for a fist fight to ensue between the professor and girl who does not stop asks pointless questions . 
shall be moving to Waterford this summer ! 
< PROPFEMALE > won ! :D 
Is any part of the ACP letter to the superintendants true ? I can't believe anyone could possibly print that ( or would want to put their name on it ) 
Stupak is retiring ? Wow . And he did it at NMU 
Only three more weeks !!! 
Our Silent Protest way exceeded my high expectations :) 
\How did I become so obnoxious ? What is with you that makes me act like this ? I've never been this nasty . \"" 
is still embarrassed that my roommate caught me singing to myself yesterday when I thought I was alone . 
Michigan Tech's drag show was awesome ! ( plus I got to see < PROPFEMALE > Schwab again ! ) 
is half way done with his sociology extra credit- outlining a chapter . so far the word document is 14 pages long and , again it's only half done . 
It's finally done !!! it took 8 hours and it's 24 pages long , but my Sociology 101 extra credit is done !!!!!!! 
105% on sociology exam ( after E.C ) YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Good News : I was offered a job at NMU for next semester ! \ 
\ 
Bad News : Someone has yet again emptied my bank account 
Why on earth is Kohl's open untill midnight ? Who goes shopping for clothing and waffle makers at midnight ???? 
Last day of work today untill October ! I hope it's a good one . 
I have sucessfully moved into my dorm room . I just have to find something to do until tomorrow evening . 
Students start moving in tomorrow . It's going to be a great week , and an AWESOME year ! 
First day of classes ! :D 
Good News : I took my computer in and had windows 7 installed :) \ 
Bad News : Apparently I did not completly back up my e-mail program , and now ALL of my emails for the last year are gone , along with my schedule ! great ... 
First week of classes done ! 
Could it possibly be near the end of the third week of classes ? Why are we rushing ? 
Another exciting adventure at the Children's Museum ! This time we investigated glow in the dark substances . Yay for hi-lighter ink and blacklights ! 
Fall Retreat 2010 was awesome . I didn't think it would be that much fun . 
Thank you so much every one ! 
National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . Donate your status and join me in coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aCsD4o . 
Today is National Coming Out Day . Donate your status and join me in coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aCsD4o . 
I hope it starts snowing soon 
There is a guy in a chicken suit sitting on the picknic table outside my window smoking a ciggerette . Ah college 
People are strange\ 
that's why we're strangers\ 
word's go in , \ 
they don't come out 
I'm registered for winter ! Yay 
It's only 5:30 and the sun is already setting . This is upsetting . I hate time changes 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only \ 
has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your \ 
status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who \ 
died of or is fighting cancer please post . 
Shirvell is FINALLY fired ! Oh happy day ! 
WHat adventures will Wednesday bring ? I can't wait to find out ! 
It's almost time for another exciting episode of Second Thursday at the UP Childrens ' Museum ! 
No one got hurt this time at Second Thursday ! Bonus !!!! 
Should work on Presentation for work , but watching a documentary on Jelly Fish instead . No wonder I never get anything done . 
First presentaion done ... Hopefully next time I'll remember the words \outline\ " and \ " notebook\ " so we don't have to play charades again . " 
Can it be Wedensday ? Where is the week going ? 
Blizzard !!! What a beautiful sight 
Time came a-creepin'\ 
Oh and time's a loaded gun\ 
Every road is a < PROPFIRST > of light\ 
It goes o-o -on\ 
Time only can lead you on\ 
Still it's such a beautiful night 
Almost time to pack ? I think so ! 
Does anyone have photos from the CHS Masquerade concert ? 
Thank you lady singing loudly in the Academic Mall . You just made my day ! :D 
Where is all of the snow ? It's December , and I am getting impatient ... 
Snow is FINALLY starting to fall , and the forecast predicts snow for the next five days !! yay 
Another 8 inches by Monday morning ? Yes , Please !!! :D 
My math exam is dead , DOA . I hope the same is not true for my final grade . 
My Leadership Theory and Practice papers are finally submitted ! 
Pizza + A Christmas Story + javascript assignment = great night 
JavaScript project done ! 
Packing or facebook ? Hmmmm ... 
oops of the day : rebooted a register in the MIDDLE of printing receipts . Left < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > with an ANGRY customer for almost 45 minutes . I owe you one , BIG ! 
Roll away your stone , I’ll roll away mine\ 
Together we can see what we will find 
Today's Kohl's adventure : I was lectured by a grumpy older gentleman and mocked my a six year old . Good times . 
Medical Microbiology lab is my new favorite class . 
Tarawa house is the best ever ! 
There is always that one annoying kid who won't go away . Ah social skills , please don't fail me now . 
Where would be the best place to leave a stack of important papers I need NOW ? How about in a locked microbiology lab I have no access to ? Yep . That's a great idea ... 
0 degrees felt so luxurious this morning . i hope it's like this the rest of winter ! 
OUTLook's Student Travel Fund Request was granted ! Even better , they approved the full amount ! Look out < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , here we come ! 
great ... \NMU is closed for the day due to a serious threat . \"" 
So NMU still under lock down . At least the MP has yummy sandwiches . It kind of feels like a prison , you can go to eat , but then have to return to your room ... 
Ok . Now that there is no longer an \active threat\ " can the pop up's telling me there is a lock down please stop ? Please ? I hate being told something I have known for 12+ hours every 60 seconds . Please ? " 
Don't forget that SLFP applications are due today ! Be sure to get those in to the Leadership activities office in the UC for an excellent opportunity to join a wonderful leadership experience ! 
President Obama is coming to little old Marquette Next week to promote wireless networking !!! 
I received an invitation to the president's speech Thursday !! 
So the secret service officers around Marquette aren't so secret . They stick out like pickles in a cookie jar . 
MBLGTACC is in two weeks !!!! Who's super excited ?!?!? 
Forget regret -- or life is yours to miss . \ 
No other road , \ 
No other way , \ 
No day but today . 
Went carrot shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Schroer ! It's the best ! 
4 days until MBLGTACC 2011 !!! 
Thank you , Dr. Wickenhauser , for turning our chemistry class into an algebra nightmare . Would it hurt to , I don't know , maybe explain the concept before giving us 7 or 8 math problems associated with it ? 
Oh the things i do for OUTLook ! Look out < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , here we come ! Yay MBLGTACC ! 2011 
I suddenly realized in math today that I nod vigorously for two reasons\ 
1 ) I completely enjoy what you are talking about , and want to hear more OR\ 
2 ) I am completely lost and have no idea what you are talking about . By appearing to agree I hope you will change the subject to something I understand . Weird . 
Procrastinating on my Med . Micro report like I'm getting paid . 
Hey OUTlook members ! Do you have any photos from group activities that you would be willing to share ( everyone in the picture must have known that the picture was taken and be ok with that . ) If you do , please bring them to tonight's meeting , or e-mail them to me for the leadership recognition banquet ! Thank you !! <3 
Why do we have a fire drill at 10:00 p.m. ? There should be a rule ... 
Today's the day < PROPFEMALE > Schroer and I pick out the apartment we'll be in next year ! The taste of excitement is palpable . 
Is it time to curl up and hide yet ? 
Awesome Saturday evening movie night ? I think so . Thanks ! 
Who wants to help me concur the world ? ( Or at least the greater Marquette area ) . 
I thought I was 20 minutes late for work this morning . I was actually 40 minutes early . Oh well . 
I registered for all of the classes I needed without a single error message . Strange ... 
Snowing and < PROPFEMALE > ? Love it ! 
MTU Drag Show this evening ! 
Thank you Keweenaw Pride for a great drag show this weekend ! It was fantastic . 
Here comes the rain again ... 
