The Aquabats are a seriously super rad group of guys ! If you can go to an Aquabats show and not have fun , that is non-sweet ! 

There should be a way to set up polls on this thing . That way I could ask people for advice . Then I could see what people have to say and promptly ignore the responses ! 
Summer jobs are done ... I get one day off and then back to school ! * sigh * Being a Bisy Backson is not for me , but I guess I will keep it up for a little longer . 
< PROPMALE > and I have sucessfully achieved a new level of nerdiness ! Our trip to Arizona was great ! I am convinced that the honored Knight is one of the coolest people walking the face of the planet ! I wish I could have spent more time around him ... Anyways , I will probably put some pictures of the geekiness up , but look at them at your own risk . You may not want to be seen in public with us afterwards ... 
Ouch . Today . Wednesday . Monday . Wednesday . Ouch ouch . 
I've been learning a lot of very cool stuff recently ! If only I could actually remember it all ... 
Oolooloo 
The Brothers Bloom . Great movie ! It makes me think that < PROPMALE > and I should become a team of con men ... 
Feels like a chump ! 
I realize that yesterday was an exciting day ! Hopefully today follows suit ! 
Aho ! The Megapode ! 
Are there any CSU students that would want to help me out by completing a short ( 22 question ) survey ? I procrastinated and only need a few more . If you're interested and can do it tonight , feel free to call me at ( 303)847-3482 . 
Almost there ... 
Perhaps a very small leopard can change his shorts ... 
I have a test in Metaphysics soon ! But whether I do good or bad on the test , all I ever needed to know about metaphysics I learned from the Librarian ! 
Feels like the last two days have been very cathartic . It's been a long time coming too . How fitting that it's raining now ! 
* is whistling nonchalantly * 
So far Pin Points and Gin Joints sounds amazing ! \The Route That I Took\ " and \ " Sister Mary\ " sound particularly good to me !!! I have abused their 30-second clips already ! DECEMBER 8TH CAN'T COME QUICKLY ENOUGH !!!! " 
I don't like when streets go from two-way to one-way . Were they ever really two-way ? 
Attention : The number 9 is off limits for the next couple of days . It should not be used . This means that the movies 9 and District 9 are now terrible . Luckily they're old news . If Sesame Street chooses 9 as the number of the day , please report that attrocity to me , and God have mercy on those muppets . Finally , the hour 9:00 should be referred to as \pain o'clock . \ " Said number can be used if really needed I suppose . " 
Alright . The number 9 is now safe to use again . In the case of an actual 9 event , the policy may be reinstated . 
Roooolll over , sit up and beg 
PIN POINTS AND GIN JOINTS IS HERE !!!! IT'S EARLIER THAN I EXPECTED , BUT IT IS SOOOOO AWESOME !!! GOTTA LOVE IT !!!!!! 
Bummer . My paper will be turned in late . Oh well . Some points are better than none I suppose . 
Don't overestimate me !!! 
Maybe my alarm clock should play a Poke-flute tune ?.... 
has been dancing like < PROPFIRST > Brown ! Do do doot do do doo doooo doo ! 
Had a good moment this morning . I was feeling pretty blue . I started to clean my bathroom and put my iPod on shuffle to listen to some tunes whilst cleaning . Third song in is my favorite song of all time . I love the song very much , and it was even cooler because it was very appropriate . I started feeling better . Since then a few songs have come on and they've been awesome too ! Pretty nice ... 
< PROPMALE > is mostly a figment of my imagination , but I like him anyway . 
I learned a very nice lesson from my doggy yesterday ! Very nice indeed ! Thanks pooch ! 
My iPod put on an eerie playlist lastnight ! It was supposed to be random , but it sure didn't seem it ! Next thing I know , it's going to want to be called < PROPMALE > and when I ask it to open the pod bay doors it will say , \I'm sorry < PROPMALE > . I can't do that . \"" 
The campus geese are hilarious . I would like to hug one . 
My email informs me that my copy of the new Streetlight CD has shipped to me today ! That means it should most definitely be here by it's release date on Tuesday !!! 
Had fun talking about kung fu tonight ! 
Man I love when I randomly feel like a monkey ! ( Clicking away ) 
Let no person say they are lamer than me ! I have spent a good deal of my morning contemplating the virtue of my new pen ! Yes , that's right ! 
Garyuu X returns !!! He's in the springtime of his youth !!! 
How do the angels rise up , rise up ? How do the angels rise up high ? 
Lately I've been learning a lot of lessons , so I want to thank everyone who has contributed to them in some way ( which is everyone I interact with in some way) ! The hard part is actually getting myself to utilize and adapt what I've learned to my life ... 
Wow . I kind of want a < PROPFEMALE > badger ... 
I wish I wasn't such a scaredy cat ... So I'll be a scaredy dog instead ! 
My right foot is mostly numb ... Hmmm .... 
I've seen 2 praying mantises today ! I feel like the double rainbow guy , except about one of natures most efficient predatory creatures ! One of these awesome guys is hopping around on my window sill !!! COOOOL ! 
Instead of going to class , doing homework and going to work later , I'd much rather listen to my music for awhile . Oh well . 
You can make it Apachai ! 
Had a fun time today . I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some people who are incredibly genuine and can gladly recognize and appreciate good character in others ! 
Haha ! < PROPFIRST > Rollins is awesome ! 
Listened to some songs that I haven't listened to in a while last night . It was refreshing and I've decided to spend this week enjoying some past favorite tunes ! It's made all the better by going to see a fantastic concert tonight ! 
APAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAPAAAAAAAAA !!!! 
Wow . I was going to stay up even later to work on my final paper , but the internet just told me to go to sleep ... I think that I might have to obey ... 
Thanks Bubbles ! 
Thanks to everyone who alerted me of the lunar eclipse tonight ! I hurriedly got in my car to go watch it in a location with less light pollution ! I need to do that sort of thing more often . It was good . 
Listening to some good tunes ! It's awesome when iTunes reads my mind ! 
Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
I think I'm going to watch movies and do a puzzle tonight ! If you think that sounds lame , may you live in interesting times ! 
This weather is awesome ! 
The Aquabats are cool with me , and I'm cool with them ! They really made my day today ! 
Feeling like a mudlin . 
Training and toilet humor at the park . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
God help the poor soul that tries to get between me and my bowl of chili tonight ! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
It's okay Thor ! You did your best ! Your compatriots in thickness still support you ! 
Thanks < PROPMALE > ! Usually I wouldn't entertain the idea of doing scurries after Wednesday , but today was a big help . I'm thinking we need to scurry about on Saturday too ! 
I wish I had more money so I could give more of it away ... 
The Dalai Lama is stepping down as political leader of Tibet ? That's both very sad and super cool . 
Maybe not the brightest bulb , but so quickly dismissed that if you blinked you'd have missed it 
Thank you < PROPMALE > and Cobra ! It was a fun evening ! 
Person : Knock Knock ! \ 
Monkey : Who's there ? \ 
Person : Legs ! \ 
Monkey : F *** you and your legs . Elbow combination ! 
Love ! We all do struggle with loneliness ! Love ! I am often very afraid ! 
The ride home from class today consisted of colorful bouts of road rage . Alas , my wrath was impotent . That's probably a good thing for the legal system and myself . 
