returned from bowling with the teens . 

So this is what it feels like to have vacation time :-) 
I smell more vacation coming !! 
Looking foward to 2010 ! 
I think it's going to be an interesting year ! Don't you ? 
I could learn to like snow if it weren't so @ ! ~ & cold ! 
A message from my 6th grade square dance ( and Math ) partner , < PROPFEMALE > Pomella ... Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ? 
Jeez ... I'm suprised nobody has commented on my silly fuzzy ski hat ! How nice :-) 
enjoyed the Fencing tournment last weekend . Nothing like teens running with sharp objects :-) 
is sharing a little work trivia ... here are my rules for propelling 590 ton aircraft near Mach 1.0 : Rule #1 - Ensure your action ( or inaction ) does not cause aircraft to fall from the sky , Rule #2 - always think of better ways to make it go , and Rule #3 - Execute rules 1 and 2 with style that promotes like behavior ! 
finished the budget and didn't let have to let anyone go . Is this a sign of better times ? 
watched his daughter leave for her first high school dance tonight . Where's my little girl gone to ? 
was listening to < PROPFIRST > Flatow ( NPR Sci Fri ) discuss definitions of time and wondered how the conversation migrated to how we know we exist . Someone needs to ease off the water pipe for a while ! 
is picking the Saints thinking they'll host a better post-game party :p 
is admiring daughters medal for out-poking the others at the CT state Fencing tournament ... that's my girl !!!!! 
is likin ' the notion of ' podcasts . ' 
is happy to have the ' work from home ' option ! 
is bummin ' his SD-800 flash didn't do so great at the last sports photo shoot . The built-in was better ! Why did I spend the $$ again ? 
had a dad's night out and had a great time at ' beach night ' 
finished the taxes ... man this is getting old ! When do we stop givin ' and start receiving ?! 
devoured a barrel of B&J Chunky Monkey . Now its time to Wii ! 
is tired after a long day of teleconference web meetings . Time to step away from the electronics for a while . Maybe I'll take a walk to the engine test facility and listen to the eagles ( fighter jet engines ) scream :-) 
picked up a new set of tires for the Pathfinder . The list of spring chores has begun :-) 
dusted off the bike and did a short local ride . I'll need to add a few new parts to get back into shape for the season . CT rocks take their toll .... 
discovered the daughter topped out at over 17,000 MP3 files ... yikes ! 
is wondering what to do this weekend . Ideas ? 
says the daughter is 15 today and she has a stack of well-wishes a mile high on her facebook page :-) 
saw < PROPFIRST > Benson today and checked out is new Yamaha . Happy retirement < PROPFIRST > ! 
is burping double mint oreo ... mmmmm ... oreo :-) 
mixed oatmeal , < PROPFEMALE > and crunchy peanut butter into an IED ( improvised energy delivery ) . Mmmmm ... crunchy :-) 
is cleaning up after the historic rain & flood here in new england . I guess this is one was of motivating people to clean their basements ! 
is returning daughter to her origin in Chesapeake , < PROPFEMALE > for a long spring vacation . We'll be visiting friends and enjoying authentic BBQ ! Pierce's , here we come ! 
has officially christened the new bike with bug splat on the windshield . It's a great machine and I love it already !! 
IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter(s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . < PROPFEMALE > Smith 
says it was twenty years ago today , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > taught each other how to play . They've been going in and out of style , but they're guaranteed to raise a smile . So may I introduce to you , the couple you've known all these years . It's < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s anniversary day man ! 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been . Check my friends list and you see many of them :-) Still missing a few , but the search goes on ... V.O. Jones where are you ? 
finished the CT basic rider course and has a sore rear from scootin ' along on a Honda Reble 250 ! Still learned a lot though ... 
says four day weekend ... wooo hooo ! Tomorrow is a man day !! 
is thinking about < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > as their daughter < PROPFEMALE > graduates from HS . Also thinking of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fast and their hoard of kids :-) Wonder what < PROPFIRST > Hinson and < PROPFIRST > Pollard are doing now days ? 
is off to Belgium again at the end of the month . Can anyone say beer and chocolate ? 
says we're hiring again ... things are lookin ' up ... I think ! 
is thinking about another hike in the desert ... love the dry heat ;) 
has returned with 5 more Belgian beers under his belt ( so to speak ) . Only 297-ish to go . Also < PROPFIRST > down their national inventory of chocolate by ~ 4 kg . Momma's happy :-) 
noted daughters latest photo received over 9,300 views and 500 comments in the first 24 hours of posting . Is it going viral ? Link ... http://fav.me/d2tezs1 
want to know who else has a spousal unit that says , \beer me ! \"" 
knows a few good things ; starting the morning with a cup of < PROPFEMALE > Monkey tea , sharing lobster rolls and chowder on the waterfront , and that sense of satisfaction when your kid makes the right choice(s ) when you're not watching . Oh , and beer ;-) 
took the daughter out for a bike ride along the shoreline . Been long time since we had a daddy-daughter night . 
is growing couch potatoes this weekend . Lots of sun and a little refreshment should make for a great yield ! 
is sharing a little engineering fun ... check it out ... http://www.walyou.com/blog/2010/08/06/smart-car-designs/ 
has been wondering , if ants had opposable thumbs would their colonies look ( even more ) like our cities ? If they had a written language , would they make billboards ? 
enjoyed the horse pull at the Hamburg Fair today . I posted a few pics on facebook profile and my Nat Geo < PROPFEMALE > for the curious :-) 
enjoyed the ride home . Took a detour through Old Lyme / South Lyme for the scenic views . Nice :-) 
is sending the Sophomore off to HS for another year of mind training :-) 
recalls that too much of something , even a good thing , causes it to be valued less , and a scarcity , even of bad things , confers a value of its own . So I am left wondering if the approaching hurricane , rare as they are , will be good ( we could use a little rain ) or bad ( I said a little rain ! ) . 
had a great time at the Bennington ( VT ) < PROPFEMALE > Music Festival ! Band were great ! Food was great ! Weather ... cool , but manageable :-) 
got really loafy for the remainder of the long weekend ! If I could only lift one more lobster roll ! 
is not like'n the weatherman who promised a great weekend ... NO takebacks damn it !! 
finally got rid of the noise source in the V-Star's belt drive system . All that edukation made it possible for me to apply mechanics and materials knowledge that I picked up from Boy Scouts at the age of ~ 10 . 
had a great movie night with spousal unit and the daughter . 
is prepping for New England fall colors . Camera clean ... battery charged ... reconing sunrise landscapes . 
Caprica's back premiering Tuesday , Oct . 5 , at 10 pm . Sci Fi fans take note ... Michelle :-) 
has a Daddy-Daughter night w/Aussie Pink < PROPMALE > in November ... nice ! 
is headin ' to Las Vegas to inspect some jets at Nellis . Should be interesting :-) 
is back from Nellis and enjoying the New England fall ! 
thinks the wind and rain are dulling the fall colors . Bummin ' 
updated my profile pic just for Mr. Moore :-) Gotta love it < PROPMALE > ! 
Ok , Michigan week is over so I'll give everyone a break :-) Happy Halloween !! 
saw the news article on the Quantas Airbus A380 engine issue this morning . Quantas chose the Rolls < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 900 engine . Emirates Airlines , Air < PROPFEMALE > and now Korean Airlines flys the GP7000 engine ( I used to work on this one ) . I'm glad nobody was injured and hope RR can get the issue resolved quickly . These things are bad for everyone and we all work hard to keep them from happening . 
Got the day off and Daddy-daughter time tonight ! Dinner and the Aussie Pink < PROPMALE > concert at the Oakdale Theater ! 
Aussie PF best concert EVER ! < PROPFEMALE > & I had a GREAT time :-) 
Whittling down the backlog of ' honey-do ' list items finally ! Maybe I'll really have time off at Thanksgiving afterall ! 
Feelin ' frisky tonight so try this on for size ; If there is an exception to every rule , then every rule must have at least one exception ; the exception to this one being that it has no exception . 
another day of paint and drywall . Hopefully done in another two . 
Ok , time to go christmas shopping ... oh boy :-) 
mmmmmmmm ... gingerbread coooookieees :-) 
Nothing like 2 feet of wet snow to slow the pace :-) What a mess ! 
Thinking about firsts tonight ... first album I owned ... Rush Moving Pictures ... first 8-track ... < PROPMALE > Miller Band .... Anyone else feelin ' it ? 
Rain , rain , snow away . \ 
Will it come back another day ? 
Just say NO to the snow ! 
I can still hear Coach Sleeper today ... The pack is back !! Sorry coach , I'm rootin ' for Pittsburgh :-P 
Headin ' for Ole El Paso next week :-) Maybe some dry air will kill the sniffles ! 
75F and < PROPFEMALE > in Alamogordo . Sinuses clearing ;-) 
Back from the white sands of NM , but still seein ' white ... bummer :-( 
Looks like the 6th Grade YB was a big hit and many have added to their profile pic ! Don't forget to tag your friends and share the joy :-) And YES < PROPFEMALE > , you were rockin ' those lapels !! 
Daughter is off to State Finals in Epee next weekend after holding her own in Regionals this weekend . Nice !! 
So my dad is doing fine after an anurism took his right leg early last week . I visited him at < PROPFIRST > Ford Hospital in Detroit last weekend and he's as strong ( cranky ) as ever :-) The nursing staff is remarkably tolerant of his persistent teasing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and in the 40's ... that's good enough to get the motorcycles out ! Man , that felt good !! 
Happy b-day to my little girl :-) 
Dad's back home now and at the mercy of the physical therapist . Thanks to all for your thoughts & prayers :-) 
The daughter received her Varsity letter and a medal for best Epee ' win/loss record . Not bad for a Sophomore :-) 
Recovering from the college planning seminar I attended last week . Wow ! Have things changed a lot ! 
Did I mention how much I loath tax season ?! Oh yeah , go Huskies :-) 
Spousal unit is complaining about my soft feet ... why does she care ?? 
Scratchin ' cold damp cats at the book barn . Man , they were happy to see me ! 
So the original < PROPMALE > is back in Gladwin and hoppin ' around just fine for an 84 year old :-) He's working pretty hard to get strong so he doesn't have to revisit Detroit ( that's motivation for ya ! ) . 
UCONN won :-) 
Anyone else sick of gas prices yet ? Paid $4/gallon yesterday and did NOT fill-it-up !! 
Modern dance group MOMIX is in CT this coming weekend . Doc Fast introduced me to the show many moons ago . Lookin ' forward to sharing with the daughter ! 
Having a paranoid moment ... what if gas prices were going up to motivate consumers to buy new cars from our woefully depressed auto industry ? I noticed a great many fuel efficient cars have suddenly appeared on the market ... hmmmm . 
Anyone see the regional jet get spun around by the Airbus A380 at JFK ? That's a new one for the books !! 
Ok , it's \conspiracy\ " Thursday folks so I'll start it out ... I think televised wrestling might be rigged ?!! What's yours ? " 
Installed the 1TB server/network drive last night ... easy peasey :-) Now we're cookin ' with gas ! 
Back from Apache Lake . Nice hiking ... tough cactus territory :-) 
Great day for a bike ride . Even caught a little of the < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > show this morning . Does that make me an anglophile ? 
