I have a very particular goal for 2010 . But I'm not going to tell you what it is . 

Its days like today that make me miss New York . You know , the days where the Vikings detroy the Giants . 
In bed now . 
God damn , that was a long weekend . 
Thinking , thinking ..... Thinking . And thinking . Thinking . 
I hope you're happy . You haven't wanted me to be friends with him for the last three years . And you've finally accomplished your goal . 
In bed . Its gonna be hot as hell tomorrow . 
16 hours to go . 
???? ????. ?????????? ??????? ???, ??? ???????? ??? ??????. ? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ???? ???????. 
? ???????, ??? ?? ? ??????? ??????????????. ?? ?????????????? ??????? ???. 
I hate people . 
Bed . 
Ready to get out of here . So ready . 
My god damn world is falling apart . 
My family may be assholes , but I love my piercing . 
I may be a socialist , but don't ever think I don't love my country . Happy 4th of July ! 
Just because I'm losing , doesn't mean I'm lost . 
Lights out , ETA 5 minutes . 
One more stupid long day . 
Sitting at Scootie's listening to all violin Aenged Sevenfold . 
Gotta figure out how to get the forks back up to put tge through bolt in the bottom of the spring . 
Going to the beach with all the old people . This outa be fun . 
Another Friday I'm in bed at 9 . 
\Huddle House with them = some very awkward conversations ! ( Starburst and Lip Gunk) \"- mf " 
Damn its early . 
Just a 6 hour day . 
The power of the force stopped you , you hosers . 
Way bored . Text me . 
Going for a bike ride in a little bit . 
I'm so pissed off right now , and I don't even really know why . 
In bed , already . I love my life . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , please forget to go down . Hey < PROPFEMALE > , don't you go down . You are at the top of our lungs . Drawn to the ones who never yawn . 
ETA 18:53 
Researching the different branches of the military then headed to Scootie's . 
Long term goal : One year from today I will be on vacation . Either in Moscow , Tokyo , or London . 
Going to bed . Listen to < PROPFEMALE > Piaf . Its amazing , and so peaceful . 
Going biking . Scoosh Douche , let's get going . 
Douchebags , invavded my facebook mobile . 
I'm so pissed off ! But I'm gonna go watch Watchmen now . 
Why ? was I programmed to feel pain ? 
Doing an extensive cleaning while listening to Avenged Sevenfold . 
I've been involuntarily playing with my lip ring for the last 5 minutes . Not done cleaning , but gonna go bowling now anyway . 
Had a wicked fun night . Lots of laughs . 
Anyone ever wonder why at the beginning of that stupid lollipop < PROPFEMALE > commercial , that one dudes gets off the ground with that other dude putting his clothes on ? 
I don't know what the hell is going on today . 
Room is clean enough to get in the bed , so that's exactly what I'll do . Goodnight . 
Hell week again . T-Minus 6 hours . 
Vote on the Mohawk poll . Going to bed . 
Is it really that time already ? 
Dammit . 
Nothing like Modern Warfare before bed . One more day . 
Going to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Lets hope I can go to school this semester . 
They think this will stop the bloodshed ? 
Bed , gonna try and get some stuff done tomorrow . 
Back way too soon . I'm not ready . 
Can't wait for Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 to come out . Everyone is ruining COD : 4 for me . 
Playing Modern Warfare for the rest of the night . 
Sitting in my boxers , watching what I believe is Runaway Bride . Getting ready for bed . 
??? ???? ????, ?? ? ??????? ? ??????. ?? ??????, ??? ??? ?? ???????. 
Just finished watching Fast & Furious . I have to say thank you to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . You saved the franchise and this movie was up to par with Tokyo Drift . I say its time for a movie with < PROPFIRST > , Dom , Mia and < PROPFIRST > to be set in Japan . 
So ready for Sunday to be here . 
About to clean . 
Bed , 12 hour day . But then they'll be here . 
Stupid cat , let me sleep . 
Beachbound . 
Fantasy Football Draft . 
Who's on Playstation Network with their PS3 ? Send me your ID . 
And I don't do nothing I'ma fucking ball . 
Every night you drink the money left to pay all the bills . No room for us , but there's another fucking bottle of pills . 
Bed . Charleston tomorrow . 
My sister is leaving . :( 
Going to bed in Charleston . 
????? ????? ? ??????????. ????????? ??????? ? Coll ????? ????? ???????, ????? ?????????? ?????. 
Researching the USCG . 
I'm tired and wussed out on watching my favorite race of the year . Bed , only one amazingly long day this weekend . 
Doesn't want to be up yet . Fuck . 
Grown up She just turned 16 Stuck in the moment Dead at the scene And it's on tonight This is the life that you wanted , right ? So turn off all the lights 
Tapping into my artistic side , something I only do like three times a year . 
Bull Semen Gives You Wings !! 
Freshly shaven . But the Gillette Fusion is the worst razor ever made . 
Getting ready for bed . 
Only two classes today . Then DMV . 
The Datsun is registered and insured . Going out . 
Friday afternoon and I'm bored as hell . I don't get a weekend . 
I officially hate myself . 
??? ? ???????. ?????? ??? ??? ? ??? ????????. ??? ??? ????? ????. 
Why am I up now . 
Nyquilled up ! Flu like symptoms won't beat me ! Bed . 
God , I feel like shit . 
That Nationwide race was one of the craziest races I've ever seen . 
Watching Casino Royale . Not too long for bed . 
Nyquill . Bed . School , AM . 
\If you ever wanna eat a sauerkraut samich again . Take your wienersnitzle lickin ' finger and point out on this map what I wanna know . \"" 
Bored . Vikes are on tonight . 
Watched < PROPFIRST > . Now time for bed . 
Headed to school . Couldn't get my computer science book . It outa be fun . 
Full day , then nap . 
Watching the Beatles Anthology . 
Done with class , gonna eat some lunch . Hella headache so nap is prolly in order . Go Cocks . 
Go Cocks . 
College Football is back . GO COCKS ! 
That's the way to get it done . 
Touchdown ! 
Gamecocks ! 1-0 . 
Two classes today . Shouldn't be so bad . 
Going to play a round of golf . 
It's this time every week that I hate my life . Awake T-minus 6 hours and counting . 
God , I don't wanna go to work . 
Bed , one more work day . One more 12 hour day . 
? ?????, ??? ? ????, ? ? ????, ????? ??????? ????? ????. ? ???? ???. 
Classes , on labor day .? Anyways . 
Tennis time . 
Let me take you down , ' cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields . Nothing is real and nothing to get < PROPMALE > about . Strawberry Fields forever . 
Writing and listening to the Beatles . 
Wants to get ??????? ?? ??????????, ???? ????? ????? ???????????. ??????? ?? ?????????. tattooed on his back . 
Bored , and I want to do something , but I don't know what . 
I am so bored . 
Full day of classes . 
It was twenty years ago today . Sgt . Pepper told the band to play . 
Hannity is full of nothing but bullshit . Plain and simple bullshit . 
I miss having a Honda . 
Bed as hell . I do not feel good . 
9-11 . That's all I need to say . 
I decided that I want to play baseball . But I'm too old , and not good enough . Shit , I'ma try anyway . 
Gonna play some Call of Duty . Join me . 
Everyone needs to turn on the History Channel . The worst day in American History . 
Bed till 4 . Uggg , please shoot me right in the face . And please god , let NS be approved on Sunday . 
Why ?.............................. Why ? 
Come on Cocks . But bed now , pull one out for me . 
Please let us VLE . I jus want to come home . 
is laying an ass whooping in my fantasy game . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Brees , and < PROPFIRST > Flacco . 
For well you know that its a fool who plays it cool By making his world a little colder . 
Im pathetic . All you people and your Kayne comments made me go to the awards , now the only < PROPFIRST > Swift song I like is on . 
This VMA is a poorly organized spectacle . It's pathetic . 
Time to head to school . Full day . 
One more class today . 
Do you need anybody ? I just need someone to love . Do you need anybody ? I just want someone to love . 
Headed to me last class . 
Ba ord . 
Eveytime I root for a team , they decide that they suck . Come on Bills . 
I hate sports . 
Ready to put my clothes in the dryer and go to bed . 
??? ? ?? ????? ?????? ??? - ?? ??? ???? ? ??????? ?????. 
? ????????????? ???????, ?? ? ?? ?????, ??? ?? ??????????. 
Enchilladas , Pawtucket Lemon Juice , and MUSE . 
They will not force us They will stop degrading us They will not control us We will be victorious 
I don't know . I really just don't know what to do . 
\ ??? ?? ????? ???? ????????? ??? ????????????? ???????? \ " . -Lennin " 
On the outside , watching myself die a slow painful death . 
Bored , and depressed . Thinking about going to the gym . 
Getting to bed soon . 
Shower , then school . 
A little Call of Duty , and an English paper to finish . 
Bed . Why is Friday here already ? 
Shower , two classes , then done . 
\Christianity will go . It will vanish and shrink . I needn't argue about that ; I'm right and I will be proved right . We're more popular than Jesus now . I don't know which will go first — rock ' n ' roll or Christianity . \"" 
I've lasted 19 minutes so far in my poker tournament . 
42 minutes and still going strong . 
65 minutes . Down to 760 playes from 10000 . By far my best finish no matter what . Previous best was 6400th place . 
I'm out . I finished in 518th place . Just about top 5% . Hell yeah . 
Bed already . 
Home . Smell ripe . Chafed . Feet hurt . Home . 
Trust Me I'm not okay I'm not okay Well , I'm not okay I'm not o-fucking-kay I'm not okay I'm not okay 
I have decided that < PROPFEMALE > Watts is beautiful . 
I've done a lot of military research today . Talking with a few recruiters tomorrow . Tired now , bed . 
Two classes then off to the recruiters . 
Going to talk to an ARMY recruiter and a NAVY one . 
Got back from the ARMY , they're looking good . The NAVY on the other hand , not so much . 
2 classes today , then calling the Coast Guard . 
Updating my iPod and listening to Dethklok . 
Go Cocks ! 
now has Watchmen on his iPod ! 
Bed , two classes then Columbia to talk to the Coast Guard . 
( 954 ): I hope you fall in a pool of < PROPFEMALE > in an immensely populated region of bears . 
I'm real hungry . 
Reading 518 and 516 texts on Texts From Last Night . I miss NY . 
Work fot the next 14 hours . 
A good friend once told me you are memory without them we equal nothing And all I can see is the place I wanna be Suddenly my life was so free 
About to give the Clevland Show a < PROPMALE > . Then the season premier of Family Guy . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . This should be interesting 
I got a 92 on the ASVAB ! Now bed , school in the am . 
class 
Well then , I suppose I concede . 
Gonna maybe do some PT stuff ? Push ups , sit ups . Who knows . 
I smoked your V8 and you call me a cheater . You're just mad cuz you can't < PROPFEMALE > with my 2.0 liter . 
English , then Columbia for Coast Guard . 
Sorry I got in a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party . 
I've spent 3 years trying to fully understand VTEC and now that I do I can describe it with one paragraph . Now to write a four < PROPFEMALE > paper about it . Watching my boy Flacco at the same time . 
I'm all for lawyers and civil rights , and talking the law word for word . But even this goes too far . I saw a commercial for Pavilock law saying the want to fight the new SC DUI laws . WTF ! That kills people , and lets let people who get charged get away with it . WTF ! 
So I feel bad for the person who does my paper's peer review tomorrow . 
I think I'm a bad or weird person , until I read Texts From Last Night , or look at peopleofwalmart.com 
Gonna go test drive a 2010 Mustang in a little while . 
Went to the gym , lifted and ran . That was awful . Got a long way to go before I am ready for basic . 
When the < PROPMALE > wage war , its the poor that die . 
Had a meeting with my teacher before lab , but instead I really had a flat tire . 
Yesterday in Health class , my teacher was talking about how abstinence is the only 100% contraception method . I then brought up that < PROPFIRST > never had sex but had Jesus . Without a word he got up , went the computer and changed the 100% to a 99.9999% . Jesus : 1 Health : 0 MLIA 
Toy Story 1 and 2 with Coll and < PROPFEMALE > . 
1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) Any question , anything . No matter how awkward it can be , ill answer it honestly , no catch . But i dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask 
Going to the gym . 
Coffee . 
Our ancient heroes , they are turning to dust ! And these wars , they can't be won Does anyone know or care how they begun ? They just promise to go on And on and on 
Doesn't appear to be a good sports night for me . 
Have to go to Colombia tomorrow for my USCG pysical on Tuesday , and I can't find my diploma . 
Needs to leave for USCG pysical now , but doesn't have his diploma . 
I'm tired and hungry and tottally useless . 
From this world you left behind I'm going to meet you I'm going to take you home . 
Just bought a Shiny Toy Guns CD , listening to it as I fall asleep . 
Will you still be there with your heart boarded up ? Nailed with my mistakes . 
Let's go Vikes ! 
If you can feel good about a loss , I do now . We played great and look good going forward in the season . Nothing to complain about with 6-1 . 
This Cowboys game is ugly , and disguisting . 
Having a really hard time writing this paper . 
That's the worst essay ever . I so feel bad for whoever reads this tomorrow . 
\COLLEGE : $100 FOR A BOOK $300 TO PROVE YOU READ IT . \ " Woody < PROPFEMALE > " 
The time my dad caught me a horseshoe crab And I asked him if throwing it back into the sea would bring our luck back 
S o B o r e d . 
Watching a History Channel thing about < PROPFIRST > Manson , and writing my paper . 
Just a matter of time I suppose . 
Watching Watchmen and working on my paper . 
And the all the whores and politicians will look up and shout \Save Us . \ " And I'll whisper no . " 
This rotting society , what it calls rehabilitation . Nothing short of compromise . Once a man has seen society's black underbelly he can never turn his back on it . Never pretend like you do , that it doesn't exist . No matter who orders him to look the other way . We don't do this thing because it's permitted . We do it because we have to . We do it because we're compelled . 
Finishing my paper . 
Bed . Wake up at 0415 . 
No , I refuse to believe that evrything happens for a reason . I will make my own < PROPFEMALE > . 
And I'm afraid I'm doomed to love you forever . 
My own thoughts are poisoning my mind , so I sit here and slowly kill myself . 
And your mother loved a man , a man she has has every reason to hate . 
Damn Yankees . 
Will you still be there with your heart boarded up ? Nailed with my mistakes . Should I stary giving up ? Or is it too late ? 
The plan is to be in bed at 2030 . Two days in hell then I get Modern Warfare 2 Tuesday at midnight . 
24 hours 2 minutes till I get Modern Warfare 2 . 
15 hours until Modern Warfare 2 . 
Modern Warfare 2 and Full Throttles . 
is gonna go ahead and call it a night . Can't wait till everyone else has it tomorrow . 
It's amazing how a game about killing people , can bring so many together . 
Thank you veterans . 
I guess you have owned the entertainment sales world when you cripple the entire Playstation Newtwork . 
( 203 ): im so glad i don't have to work tomorrow . I'm spendin all night on the new call of duty . ( 1-203 ): Wow . That's the gayest thing you ever said . ( 203 ): Look man i'm staying in playing videogames and growing a beard . Its not like i'm trying to get a girlfriend . 
Made it through 15 days of No-shave November before I just couldn't take it anymore . Freshly groomed and clean , its time to really get cracking on my paper . 
Paper not going well , but hey the Vikings are 8-1 . 
Just finished < PROPFEMALE > Trek . Now bed . 
Really not feeling work this weekend . I'm sick of going to bed so early on weekends . I want to be a normal college kid . But that's not to be . Bed . 
2035 and shutting down the computer and going to bed . I hate my life . 
I might do something I will be ashamed of . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift better not let me down . The last female artist I decided I liked , well it turns out she has a penis . 
Exhausted . Bed now . 
( 918 ): i guess i finally out drove tiger woods this morning .. 
I think my laptop is dying , so I'm doing a back up . 
Will be swearing into the US Army on Thurday . I look forward to saying : Hi I'm Private < PROPFIRST > Etman and I'm a 68Whiskey . 
\I'd let you suck my < PROPMALE > . But that's just because I'm a nice guy . \ " - < PROPMALE > DeFranco " 
I want to get an iPhone , but ATT is being a pain in the ass . 
Lot of stuff on my mind . Bed , school , recruiters . Then hotel , up at 0345 on Saturday then off to MEPS to swear into the Army . 
is too fat to be in the Army . 
God , the Vikings suck . 
Hello , I heard you are into good reading . You maybe go check this out . http://whybother-jiminiyxxz.blogspot.com/ 
I sucessfully made my own BBQ sauce . Next step TLC . 
I miss the drama of my youth . It was so simple . And when it was done , we all still loved each other . Now a days , no such luck . 
First three day weekend in what seems like forever . Not looking forward to it . Going to bed now . 
I just got home and < PROPFEMALE > Etman is still in bed . Who's going to entertain me ? 
Shower then bed . 
Shower then Modern Warfare 2 . 
Going to give < PROPFIRST > Klim his holiday present . 
Going Christmas shopping , and getting that last minute stuff done . 
Haooy Holidays . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Farron . She is so cool . 
What's the big deal ? We're all just one year closer to dying . 
Not to be mean , but watching the Panthers makes me feel better about the Vikings . They are so bad . 1 yard of offense ? 
Bed , bringing Coll back to Charleston tomorrow . 
And we're making Awesome-X dolls . And they're gonna kick so much ass , you'll probably go blind . And if you still have a problem with that , there's the big ass door . 
Oh , here's an idea , indicate north . Otherwise its not technically a map , its just a drwaring . 
I wrote this for you , for you , so . You need him . I could be him . I could be an accident but I'm still tryin ' . And that's more than I can say for him . 
Why is New Jersey and downstate New York filled with so many Itailians ? Hmm < PROPFIRST > Meccariello ? 
Well I've been off my face and off the floor for about ten minutes now . But the pain is still the same . 
cannot watch ESPN today . 
Before the story begins . Is it such a sin ? 
Trying to get [ T594 ] more out there and noticed . Lets get these clan wars brewin . 
Paintball was awesome . 
is gonna be posted up in derail . 
Watching the YouTube live coverage of the bipartisan meetings . 
Really really bored . 
???? ???? ?? ?????????, ??? ?? ??????? ??? ????. ????????? ????? ? ????. 
Its hard to make myself do it one more time . 
has discovered Chatroulette . 
After a weird night of chatroulette , its time for bed . 
I am so sick of opening Facebook to see nothing but ... beacame a fan of every gay thing ever thought of . 
Trying to get back into skateboarding . 
About to start hosting One-On-One matches . 
Will they find our hiding place ? Is this our last embrace ? 
My Blackberry is broken , so if I don't answer that is why . On my way to ATT to pitch a fit . 
I've seen enough now to know that beautiful things don't always stay that way . 
Got my new iPhone , text me with your number . 
Bed . Via Facebook for iPhone . 
I rise . You fall . 
“It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge . ” -Adolf Hitler 
Come with me and you'll be in a state of pure inebriation . You'll be tanked like the whole < PROPFEMALE > nation . 
Look you can't open a < PROPFEMALE > store , and sell hamburgers out the back , and be a scientist and an animal trainer school . 
I'm the new Sinatra . 
I know this is creepy , but last night I had a dream . In it was < PROPFEMALE > Carabis < PROPFEMALE > Eaton and < PROPFEMALE > Eaton 
Listening to some piano and reading for the last few minutes before bed . 
Painfully , I prepare a release . And poison takes me away . 
The world will look up and shout save us . And I'll whisper no . 
Finnally got Skype . 
< PROPMALE > Cervantes is the shit . Good looking out tonight . 
Go home < PROPMALE > . Drink wine , make love to your wife . Tomorrow we'll have our war . 
Thanks everyone . I love you ! 
Sitting , sipping on some < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hello motherfuckers , I am 21 . And therefore I am headed to the liquor store now . 
Thanks again for the birthday wishes everybody . 
This is < PROPFEMALE > . Where the lying , cheating degenerates prosper . 
\That's why people who drink can't have nice phones . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Shagwell Thornton " 
Spartans , what is your profession ? 
Tonight you will wander the underworld blind , deaf , and dumb . And everyone will say ' that's < PROPMALE > , the fool who thought he killed Achilles . ' 
Sir , the jams are revolting . 
Let's go Blackhawks !! 
A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles . Structurally , there's no discernible difference . Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts . Why should I be concerned ? 
Strasburg is the real deal . 7.0 IP 0BB and 14K . 
Finally home . Had a fucking ball tonight . 
You won't beat us Englandland . 
\It was better today . A little cooler than the surface of the sun . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Shagwell Thornton " 
I left my home in < PROPFEMALE > , headed for the ' Frisco bay . 
My heart is as cold as a robot . 
On the way to see Toy Story 3 !! 
Eyes watering on the verge of tears during Toy Story 3 . 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
How the hell can he get away with those awful call ?!?! 
USA !!!! Round of 16 look out ! 
Watching gamecocks baseball is annoying . Watching it with certain people is even worse . 
Enjoying my last night at the beach . 
On the way home from the beach . 
Face down , this carpet tastes like coffee grounds ground into my . Face now . And every < PROPFEMALE>'s covered with just another . 
Fuck cocks . 
?????? ????, ????? ?? ?????? ???????? ? ??????????. ?? ??? ????? ??????? ??????. ????? ?? ????? ?????????? ? ?????? ????????. 
The Last Airbender . Fantastic . 
Hates everyone who is enjoying this Independance Day . Bed in 75 minutes . 
I think that Playstation hates Modern Warfare 2 . They won't mention anything about the game , and will not let us know when they will put the Resurgence Pack in the store . But people on Xbox Live can get the game at midnight , a whole month before us . 
Thinking I'ma build a wine rack today . 
Will you still be there , with your heart boarded up ? Nailed with my mistakes . Should I start giving up ? Or am I too late ? 
Tijd om de eerste World Cup in de Nederlandse geschiedenis te winnen . Nou gewoon over tijd . 
Gotta wait another four years for that . Where is it next ? Watch out for us . USA ! USA ! USA ! 
I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die . 
I fell into to a burning ring of fire . I went down down down and the flames went higher . 
Headed to the green mountain state . 
Towing a 21 ft boat from Massachusetts to Vermont 
Hey my people in New York . I'm in Vermont with no service , but I wanna see you all . 
Hey everybody , I'm at Saratoga hospital because I rolled my explorer three times on the northway . But I'm ok , and < PROPFEMALE > should be too . 
Finally on the way back to South < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am home , thank god . 
Time to start looking for a new car . 
Having a hard time getting looked at by a doctor . 
Jersey Shore Premiere . 
So they approve NS all week for the douchebags on B1 , but of course won't approve it for A1 . 
Inception was incredible . 
Bed . Suit shopping then the car auction tomorrow night . 
Doing a little TV shopping , gonna get one in the morning . 
God help us all . 
God didn't kill that little girl . Fate didn't butcher her and < PROPFEMALE > didn't feed her to those dogs . If God saw what any of us did that night he didn't seem to mind . From then on I knew ... God doesn't make the world this way . We do . 
I died a little tonight . 
And in those days shall men seek death , and shall bot find it , and shall < PROPFEMALE > to die , and death shall flee from them . -Revelation 9:6 
Dogs can't open umbrellas . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5Ts4M3irWM 
When I was arrested I was dressed in black . 
With bloodshot eyes I watch you sleeping . 
Is rather bored and lonely . Sitting on the front porch drinking a beer . Join or text maybe please . 
It's not cool that after a long weekend at work I dream about having to turn HD mediums into HD smalls . 
Having problems playing Madden 11 with < PROPMALE > Cervantes 
I am about to go on a rapid friend delete . If I haven't seen or talked to you in years . If you and I weren't ever friends or if I honestly don't have any interest in becoming friends with you , then you may have one less friend later . 
Thinking about ordering the Tower 200 by Body by < PROPMALE > . Really need to start getting into shape if I want to give this whole military thing another shot . I've sat around and wasted another whole year of my life in that shit hole warehouse , and I've had enough . What do you think ? Tower 200 ? 
I miss my lip ring . 
Top Gear with a vodka tonic . 
Babysitting . 
Watching Dirty < PROPMALE > with my dad . 
Hey saints nation , Who Dat ?! < PROPFIRST > Favre ! 
Got my Tower 200 today . 
Never forget . 
With all the times that it hurt me to fuck you . 
T.G.I.M.N.F. 
You look like you're going to a funeral . \ 
Maybe I am . 
History is written by the victors . 
Fuck this . Phone's off . I'm done being treated like I'm shit . 
Headed to the mall in a few . 
Bed at 9 on a Friday night . Awesome . 
Paintball time . 
Never compromise . Never surrender . 
Headed to Lugoff . 
Can anybody out there tell me the song from the opening of the Boondocks cartoon ? The first line is \I am the stone that builder refused . \"" 
I am for real excited to get Beauty and the Beast on Blu-ray October 5th . 
Time to patch things up , I spose . 
I am the stone that the builder refused . I am the visual , the inspiration that made the ladies sign the blues . 
Laundry , some Call of Duty , then bed . 
Dear God , the only thing I ask of you . Is to hold her when I'm not around . When I'm much to far away . 
Only thing better than the Giants losing is the Vikings winning . And ps South < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Garcia has a ginormous head . 
J'veux ton amour\ 
Et je veux ton revenge\ 
I don't wanna be friends 
I need a drink . 
Headed to go get Iron Man 2 . 
I think I wanna learn to play guitar . 
I am the Stig . 
Baking a blueberry pie . Just put it in the oven . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , please forget to fall down . Hey < PROPFEMALE > , don't you go down . 
Catching a good buzz . 
Tonight , I get scared half to death on our track . We host our own < PROPMALE > exhibition . And the world champion is in our reasonably priced car . 
And another Mets season graciously comes to a close . 79 up and 83 down . But as many of us are used to saying , there's always next year . 
One day . 
Looking for a hat . For the next month , I'm a real Rays fan . 
The accumulated filth of all their sex and murder will foam up about their waists and all the whores and politicians will look up and shout \Save us ! \ " ... and I'll whisper \ " no . \"" 
Minnesota is marching toward the Super Bowl now . Welcome back home < PROPFIRST > . 
What the fuck is with all the \I like it ... \ " ? Damn I apparently missed something big . " 
Internet is finally working again . 
ESPNU College Town is kinda annoying . 
Is headed to go see The Social Network . 
I have a bit of a commentary to make on The Social Network . I will wait until all of my thoughts are gathered and I don't have to go to work . But I have to admit that I am astonished that around 13.7% of the entire world population is registered on one website . 
I've already seen too many statuses referencing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Is stuck in a loud restaurant with way too many annoying as hell Giants fans . 
Home to watch the Vikings . A loss today equals a wasted season . 
Scream , scream , scream . The way you would if I ravaged your body . 
My camera is broken . And I wish I could make my dazzle work . 
Honor is like the hawk : sometimes it must go hooded . 
Got to level 70 . So after I play tonight , I am turning off the PS3 until at least Friday . 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard\ 
When we drink we do it right gettin slizzard\ 
Sippin sizzurp in my ride , like Three 6\ 
Now I’m feelin so fly like a G6 
Well we got all that cream cheese we won at the fair . Can you tan through that ? 
I cannot find my voter registration card . 
Not really excited about < PROPFEMALE > as my governor now . 
So far dealing with the Town of Malta has not been too hard . The lady on the phone was very helpful . Now to put everything for my trip to New York in final gear . I leave in five days . 
I've got the import itch in my veins . Need to find something to wrench on . Maybe I could get lucky and find a shell . Maybe a Subaru . 
Honestly I expect nothing less from the Gamecocks . 
One down . Two to go . 
A few last minute things to be done . Bed at nine . Wake up at five . Play a few games of Black Ops ! Leave for New York at 6am . 
I can't get Black Ops to update . Awesome . Leaving for New York in 20 minutes . 
In the Empire State . 
Is it TWLOHA already ? Why did no one tell me ? 
Quiche . Is that a fruit ? 
Hit my inbox up for this Q&A thing , and I'll answer them in the morning . 
Q : What's with the facial hair ? A : I'm too lazy to shave . Simple as that . 
Had so much fun in New York , and a long drive home . So glad I got to see some of my friends . Tired now . 
I'm feeling really motivated . Time to get serious . Gonna try and fill my plate with some of these great ideas in my head . Tuesday is already busy and full of work , and I can't wait . 
I am about to undertake quite an intricate procedure . I'm going off the grid for a while . Deleting everything that is connected to my Yahoo account . That includes Faceook . I will be back asap , so I will re-add you . Here we go . 
Scrath that . Didn't have to delete my Facebook . 
I have a new email address . If you would email me send me a Facebook message with your email in it . 
Without condemning or condoning , I just have to wonder how long until we are at war with North Korea ? 
I like how all the status updates from my southern friends are < PROPFEMALE > Clemson related . And all the ones from New York are normal . They have no idea what's going on down here . 
Listening to Christmas music on stereomood and messing with my fantasy football team . Need a win to get into the playoffs . 
So pissed that we have mandatory overtime next week . 
< PROPFIRST > , she was pregnant . You gunned her down . 
You're driftin ' outta touch , Doc . 
There is no future . There is no past . Do you see ? 
I needed a win in my fantasy football game to make the playoffs . The score in my game was 155.30 to 155.27 . I lost by . 03 points . 
There don't seem to be many laughs around these days . \ 
Well , what did you expect ? The comdeian is dead . 
1- I always had so much fun in classes with you . I haven't seen you in forever and that makes me sad . I always had a big crush on you , but didn't do anything about it . 
721- I had so much fun with you . That was so back in the day . You left an impression too . My family still mentions you from time to time . I'm sorry that things got weird between us . I'm glad to see that you're so happy now . 
44- A lot of times you frustrate me , but sometimes you are fun to talk to and bs with . You need to relax . Don't be so wound up . 
34- I could probably 400 pages about you . You've brought me to my lowest lows , and made me show myself my true colors . I like who I am though , and I don't care what people think . This is because of you . So thank you , I guess . I hate you , and I love you . \ 
I wish you the best . \ 
Forever . 
4 . Oh god , where do I start ? You are my oldest friend in the world . Even longer than < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . I was so glad to see you last summer . Its too bad that you're so far away most of the times that I come home . You seem to be the most genuine and good hearted person I know . \ 
Don't change . \ 
I love you . 
1976 . You are on a different level . I couldn't imagine taking on a workload like you . I admire you for that . You are also one of the people I respect the absolute most . I feel like even though we saw each other more in high school , we are closer now . \ 
You know , I haven't seen you in forever . I don't like that . \ 
By the way , you get Black Ops ? 
314 . Even though I deleted you becuase I thought I'd never meet you , I am so glad that I did . You are so awesome . Simple as that . I think you two are so perfect for each other . \ 
Since I've gotten back home I've talked to you more than I have anyone else from NY , and I think that's really funny . Thank god for History , it gives us something to talk about all the time . \ 
I can't wait to see you again , we'll pull it off . 
2341 . You are my second oldest friend . And you left me . Boo you , you're a douchebag . I would have gone to the prom with you , but I chose warmer climates instead , ha . \ 
It was so good to see you a few weeks ago . Its so sad that I only get to see you as often as I do . I love you though . \ 
I def like your boyfriend too . 
2784021865 . Plain and simple , you are my best friend in the world . You are the most important thing to me on this planet , and I would do anything for you . I can't wait for you to come home , even if you will be a complete douche . I miss you so much every time you leave . I'm so glad to have you in my life . I'll use a word I rarely ever use , I'm blessed to have you . \ 
I love you so much , and I always will . 
24 . It was so good to see you a few weeks ago , it sucks that its been so long . I'm trying to plan a trip to a NASCAR race next spring/summer with some NY friends . We may need to get you in on that . \ 
In case you were wondering , PS3 > Xbox360 and GT5 > Forza . 
55 . I am really closer to you than I have been with maybe anybody . I assume all great friendships need a good fight every once in a while , ours seem to be about every two years or so , ha ha . We made it through the first one , and became even better friends . I want nothing more for that to happen again . 
I tipped a whole TR Medium pallet of shampoo from the highest level today . That was a hella mess . Made my day a bit more interesting . 
Now if I went ' round saying I was an emperor , just because some moistened bink had lobbed a semitar at me , they'd put me away . 
Easy brake pad change on the Mustang . New Vans . Free haircut at Sport Clips , and Chili's with my parents . Good day . 
I wanna be naked . And you're wasted . 
Really sucks at snake and will never beat < PROPFIRST > Hasty because she is the best !! 
GREAT NEWS ! 
Bedtime . Up at 8 . Paintball at 11 . You better be there , at Triggertyme . 
A Christmas with my family is always a good one . If it snows , the drive to work is gonna be so stressful . 
Had one hell of a day . Started with driving for an hour in an intense snowstorm . Then , I'm pretty sure I messed my hand up at work . And to top it off I'm pretty sure the transmission went in the Taurus on the way home . 
Where are all the Vick for MVP statuses now ? Way to shut up that dog killer < PROPFIRST > Webb . 
Is there a lot of things you didn't understand two years ago , but understand now ? \ 
\ 
\theres a few things ... others im still figuring out\ " - < PROPFIRST > Daley " 
Hopefully gonna play some Modern Warfare 2 , like the good old days . Big party time @ 10 . < PROPFIRST > Shagwell Thornton < PROPMALE > Cervantes < PROPMALE > Corrigan you ready ? 
Who is the Drizzle ? 
It's too late . Always has been , always will be . Too late . 
Well Huddle House , you've given me some interesting nights . But this ? This was just ridiculous . 
Let's do this motherfucker . 
Of course , must protect Veidt's new utopia . Well what's one more body amongst it's foundations ? 
Did a half day today . 4 hours working , and 2 driving home . 
Go Ducks ! 
Phone isn't working . Send me a Facebook message if you wanna get ahold of me . 
Going to < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFIRST > Klim < PROPFIRST > Pikago < PROPFEMALE > Pikago and their family . 
? ???? ??? - ?? ?????? ?? ?????. ??? ??? ????? ??????. 
Ready for my evening out with Ms. < PROPMALE > . 
Had another wonderful evening with Kaesi . Bed now , 4 is gonna come fast . 
I am genuinely happy for the first time in a long time . So fuck y'all hatin for no reason . 
Just experienced my three favorite letters in the English language . VLE . 
\Race cars shouldn't be confined to racetracks . \"" 
Can someone find me a video of when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Beltran collided in the outfield ? 
J E T S jets jets jets . 
I have the upper hand ! 
Happy as can be . 
I want a project car . 
I am really sick of Xbox's preferential treatment . It's just wrong for them to get all of the Call of Duty DLC first . What makes an Xbox player any more deserving than me , just because I bought a PlayStation ? 
Sick of the what the gaming community has become . Finally going to unsubscribe to Hutch . Can't handle the fact that he has become a corporate bitch , and has left behind all the ideals that got him where he is today . \ 
I know this doesn't mean anything to a lot of you , but the select few will understand . 
Had a great trip to Charleston with < PROPFIRST > Klim and my wonderful girlfriend Kaesi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Now its time for bed , two day work week begins tomorrow . 
Apparently it's been pretty nice out ? I wouldn't know having been in that nuclear fallout shelter for the past two days . 
Jar Jar Binks is like sticking an < PROPMALE > movie into the middle of Schindler's List . 
May have found a BMW . 
I never thought I'd say this but , go Pack go . 
Enjoy it . A well fought win . 
Now that football season is over , lets begin the countdown . 13 days until Speedweeks . 
Honestly , sometimes I wish I didn't have any friends . 
All i wanted was for you to stop me . 
Hey did anyone notice on < PROPFEMALE > 247 it says Jebus ? It's supposed to be Jesus right ? 
My awful work day will be capped off with the Budweiser Shootout , and the beginning of NASCAR season . 
Thanks douchebag Hamlin for ruining a sure Stewart-Haas win . 
Gatorade Duel at Daytona , then hanging with some great friends . Beside one nagging thing , it's gonna be a great day . 
The best sports time of the year is finally upon us . NASCAR starts today and baseball is heating up down in Florida , hockey is even in full swing . The best part is , no NFL . I'm honestly rooting for a lockout . That'll put the league in it's place . 
I am so excited about going to Charleston this weekend . So to curb my enthusiasm , I am building a liquor cabinet . 
\Nothing is harder than to wake up all alone . \ " I'm starting to forget what that's like . " 
I'm going to write a piece in which I will title \How ESPN has ruined the NFL . \"" 
Finishing getting ready to go to Charleston tomorrow . 
Haven't been this excited in a long time . 
Getting ready for dinner at the Charleston Grill . 
That is what forgiveness sounds like . Screaming and then silence . 
About to spend my wonderful girlfriend Kaesi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday with her . 
Come on NFL , do me a favor and just lock out . 
Look , you can't open a < PROPFEMALE > store and sell hamburgers out the back and be a scientist and a animal trainer school . 
Hey New York friends , what's gas cost up there ? 
About to watch the Cuse game . Go Orange ! 
UCONN is gonna be a tough game for the Orange tomorrow . Let's go Cuse ! 
Good game Syracuse . Let's get ready for the big dance . Should have a good seed . UConn is going to be hard to beat tomorrow night . \ 
Bed . 6 hour day tomorrow , then to Darlington for the truck race ! 
You're so busy being afraid of what the future holds , when really you should be afraid of a future without me . 
This is a lot harder than I ever thought . 
Aho do you think you are ? \ 
Runnin’ ’round leaving scars\ 
Collecting a jar of hearts\ 
Tearing love apart\ 
You’re gonna catch a cold\ 
From the ice inside your soul\ 
Don’t come back for me\ 
Who do you think you are ? 
I guess the change in my pocket\ 
Wasn't enough I'm like , \ 
Fuck you ! \ 
And fuck her too ! \ 
I said , if i was richer , I'd still be with ya\ 
Ha , now ain't that some shit ? \ 
And although there's pain in my chest\ 
I still wish you the best with a ... \ 
Fuck you ! 
I am looking at the stars . They are so far away , and their light takes so long to reach us . All we ever see of stars is their old photographs . 
For the second time I will be brought through a soul crushing breakup with the best writing ever . Watchmen . 
I tell her I don't think there is a god . And if there is , I am nothing like him . I tell her I still want her , and that I always will . As I lie to her it is September 4 , 1970 . 
The screen on my phone is broken . May not have a fix until Thursday . So if I don't answer you , that is why . 
I feel fear for the last time . 
Within three years he'd dumped me for some sixteen-year-old who ran around in her underwear . One day , he'll find out . He'll find out what it feels like . 
Imagine ... the perfect fighting man discovering a plot to put an end to war ... and end to fighting . 
It is not God who kills the children . Not fate that butchers them or < PROPFEMALE > that feeds them to the dogs . It's us . Only us . 
Failing to prevent Earth's salvation is your only triumph . 
Today isn't about you and me , or what happened between us . Today is about your adversity , and making sure you aren't in it alone . 
Winning . 
Rather irritated/frustrated . Gonna take a nice hot shower and just try to relax . 
I know you're only protecting yourself\ 
I know you're thinking of somebody else\ 
Someone who hurt you\ 
But I'm not above\ 
Making up for the love\ 
You've been denying you could ever feel 
32 hours and 49 minutes until the first pitch of the season . Let's go Mets ! 
Sometimes you have to realize some people don't even deserve your time . They will never appreciate the things you continuously do for them , and they will continue to spit in your face . \ 
Feeling motivated , but I'm not sure what I'm motivated to do . 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to see what I need to do to get back to school in fall . 
First pitch time . Finally it's official ! Baseball season is here ! Let's go Mets !! 
. 2% < PROPMALE > was right . No way in hell . Tomorrow's odds are up to 1.5% . 
Today's odds at 1.5% were a bit high . Tomorrow's original odds were at 10% , but that's going down to 5% . 
And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice , Eloi , Eloi , lama sabachthani ? which is , being interpreted , My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ? - < PROPFIRST > 15:34 
I've learned to live , half alive . 
There was a man from desert with rocks in his head\ 
The sand that he walked was also his bed\ 
The words that he spoke mad the people assume\ 
There wasn't too much left in the upper room . 
I'm live on Ustream ! Check out my show : http://ustre.am/hp93 12:44 PM EDT 
I just broadcasted live on Ustream ! Missed my show ? Check it out : http://ustre.am/:VXPG 12:58 PM EDT 
