Getting a tattoo later today 

New tattoo is awesome i will get some pics later 
I'm so tired . Time for some sleep 
Bored , Can't sleep , waiting for transformers to finish downloading so I can watch that shit 
Going to DJ's till Wednesday 
Camping was fun . Killed my back though . Oh well was worth it . 
I had to run from the damn cops hop a bunch of fences and , I threw out my back and , got stood up all in one night . Fuck it . I'm going to sleep maybe tomorrow will be a better day . 
Bored . leaving soon to go ... somewhere soon lol 
I believe it's about time I got to sleep . Not sure I'f I can but , I need to try . http://chatter.com/a/4r0pf?ref=nf 
Gonna go get some food . Haven't ate anything today lol http://chatter.com/a/4wudv?ref=nf 
Wow , Finally got clearance for the epidural shot i need . Hopefully this will be the end of this and I can get back to a normal Life . 
People seem to care far too much about the length of my hair lol . 
Definitely took a wrong turn somewhere . Gotta backtrack awhile . 
December second may just be my second shot at having a normal life . Not even sure how to feel 
Fuck yeah jedi wizard is now jedi < PROPFEMALE > in the old republic instead so stoked for that game 
fuck my life insomnia is damn curse I have been up for too damn long 
gotta love insomnia . Doesn't help that there are other people playing black ops in my room so I can't sleep anyway . 
I feel like i should have hit someone up before I smoked this blunt 
Life is bullshit all of it . What's the real point to living in a society where the only thing you do is feed a corrupt system . The sad thing is the fact that people are puppets will never change , 
Google has a new museum of arts feature . I'd rather be there but , some of the stuff you can look it is very cool . 
Fucking dope my new computer has a fingerprint scanner that I can use for any site and to log onto my computer . FUCK passwords lol 
When I dream people always die . 
no way in hell taking my dog on a walk should take this much out of me . She gets so excited though it's awesome . 
flashpoint's in TOR look fucking awesome . 
Happy birthday leyla ! 
one thought always burns like fire in my mind . The world does not have to be full of pain and sorrow . I will resist . I will find the answer or die trying . 
Holy shit it's weird to take a piss while your junk is completely numb 
Fuck yeah day two of the hiccups . 
Watched Tangled it's not half bad pretty funny for a kids movie . 
