always hates this part ... 

just wants to sleep ! 
wishes it would rain and just be done with ... the cold kinda sucks 
mmmm ... tacos 
is gathering more music . 
was really scared !! 
has a mango-flavored freeze ! YUM ! 
HOLY OW ! 
has burns on her burns . 
is watching a < PROPFIRST > Bond movie ! 
Just because you close your eyes , it doesn't mean it's not still light out ... 
' s scalp got burnt !!! D: NOT HAVING GOOD LUCK WITH THE SUN !!! 
just watched My Sister's Keeper ... stupid girls sitting in front of me ruined it ! 
wants to sleeeeep ! 
is gonna go to a movie ! 
didn't get to go to the movie T T-T T 
had a vereh good day ! 
is nerd ^-^ 
is still nerd ... >> 
has an extra ticket to the HP release on the 14th in LaCrosse , anybody want it ?!?!?! 
got soaked in the rain <3 
had a good time today ... didn't get much stuff , but twas still fun !! 
has awesome body was that smells like incense ! Yummmm ! 
has mondo cuts and bruises from the river ! x.x 
is excited for HP !!! 
thought the movie was decent . 
is super pumped for her pay raise !!!! 
doesn't really want to work tomorrow ... stupid mother and her being my boss ! 
is kinda meh 
is FANFRIGGINTASTIC ! 
has ice-cube toes ! 
is sick of her father ... 
O.O 
was flippin ' out ! 
can't wait .... to be < PROPMALE > ? >>'''' 
is really cold !! 
has new guages . Back to 0G wewt ! 
is being taken away , ha ha ! 
is lovin the rain , though her hair isnt !!! XD 
needs to escape from her computer and is looking forward to having school do that for her . 
hopes no one comes to the pool so she doesn't have to work ... 
is looking forward to having a few days of break before school starts ... >> 
IS DONE ! 
random random .... >> 
bleeeergh ... 
is totally pumped ! We creamed ' em ! Yay Blackhawks !!! 
is loosing her voice . Help me find it ? 
is having the worst day ever and wants to cry ... T T-T T 
isn't sick anymore !! <3 
wishes her mother would tell her things . x.x 
is finally getting around to grommeting her skinny jeans . THEY GONNA BE EPIC ! 
finished her jeans ... too bad the dumbass chick only gave me four yards instead of ribbon instead of five ... looks like I won't be wearing them tomorrow . :( 
finished her jeans ! Too bad the dumbass chick only gave me four yards of ribbon instead of five !!! D: 
got ribbon now and will be wearing her pants tomorrow ... lol ... not that I wouldn't be wearing any if I hadn't gotten ribbon . 
is wondering what she is going to do about her Zune crisis ... T T-T T 
is going to be fixing her Zune problem with a Zen ! 
is flipping tired .... 
is actually looking forward to rehersal tonight ! 
wishes her voice would get better . x.x 
is excited for tomorrow ! 
is 17 !!!!!! 1 !!!!!!! 111 
thinks this was her favorite birthday . ^^ 
just got her ZEN ! <3 <3 <3 
needs to start her report ... >> 
got a new phone and needs people to call her ( my old phone is broken so I haz no contacts !!! ) 608-412-3230 
made a difference today by donating blood !!! :3 
is loving her life ~ ~ <3 
gets so sleepy when it's cold . 
might be preforming at Carnegie Hall ! Let's hope I get choseeeen ! 
is deciding to go to Carnegie next year , the band trip is this year . :p 
doesn't feel well 
is home sick ... 
is still sick and is debating about school tomorrow x.x 
is sick at home yet again ... > < 
will indeed be going to school tomorrow . 
thinks she phailed her test today .... x.x 
doesn't really know 
is excited to haunt again ! 
likes iMesh . :3 
want's to sleeeeep 
is going to Decorah with her sister tomorrow . :3 
is nervous and excited at the same time . 
is sorry she didn't make it to the Haunted House ... slept for four straight hours when I got home . x.x 
is pumped for Redefined !!! 
has a feeling that this will be a very good weekend ! Redefined Friday , furst full run ghrough on Saturday morning then I gets to see < PROPFIRST > that night !! Woo ~~~ 
is completey and utterly exhausted ... 
can't shake this feeling that something bad is going to happen ... 
gets one whole night off ... kinda . woo ? 
just woke up ! Phew ... needed that extra sleep ! 
JUST ORDERED MY NEW CAMERAA !!!! as ; ldkfja ; sldkfja ; slkdfj !! 1 <3333 Thoooough , my mother says I don't get to have it til Christmas ... I shall try to weasle my way into getting it atleast Chrismas < PROPFEMALE > ! ^^ 
is all bleeergh ! 
is in a great mood now ! Love you , rain ! <3 
getting ready to go to work ... bleh . 
is watching a ridiculous \scary\ " movie . Hah ... scary ... " 
has almost figured out her christmas list ! 
well ... uhm ... yeah 
thinks she had too much sushi ! 
just bought the most epic christmas present EVER ! If the person doesn't like it , I'm keeping it for myself !!! 
ugh ... 
no no , woot now ! 
whistles a tune to herself softly .... 
gonna go finish christmas shoppin tomorrow ! 
has finished shopping ! Wooo ! 
was finally able to afford to get a FREE poster off of Swag Bucks ! Mmmm ... shmexy Lost Boys poster will look gooood on < PROPFEMALE > wall . <3 
has just gotten THE BEST present ever ! Good luck topping it ! 
is glad school is done with ! 
is actually enjoying the snow this year ! 
has fallen in love ... 
thinks the best thing about her camera is that photos need not be edited anymore ! YAY ! 
doesn't want to work tomorrow ... D: 
is deffinately going to sleep in ! 
let the earth crumble , I don't care ... you're my world now <3 
wonders if there's a single one out there that is different ... probably not ... 
really hope it works out tomorrow . o.x 
found out it will work ! :3 
is turning into a Clairecicle ! Brrr ~ ~ 
screwed up her hair majorly ... x.x 
will be fixing her hairt tomorrow ! 
creme/white 
HOT PINK ! 
has fixed her hair !! WOoOOooOooo ! 
doesn't like standing in one spot for hours ... my poor hips . D: 
is all like , \Wooo ! Two years ! \"" 
hopes her eye will be better by tomorrow 
is going to try and fix her eye ... maybe ? 
feels like an ugly blob ... T T-T T 
doesn't want to be her own Knight anymore ... 
is sick of tests ... thank god finals are next week and I can be done with this semester ! 
is very good at procrastinating ! 
has chapped lips from playing in pep . Twas a great match tho and plans to go to more next year ! 
had a super time tonight ! 
doesn't wanna study ... T T-T T 
only has one final tomorrow ... at noon too ! Woot ! 
is much too giddy and hyper right now ... >> 
needs sleeeeeep ... or braaaaaains ... either one works ~ ! 
happy happy , hyper hyper ! 
is excited ! WOO 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they have been eaten by dragons . 
WOO ! WOO ! WOO ! 
had predicted something bad was going to happen ... D: 
wants to escaaaaape ... and will be doing so soon-ish ...? n.n 
is somewhat happy to be home ... and mostly missed her bed . 
had a bad dream last night and hope it doesn't return ... 
wants a < PROPFIRST > ! 
is sick and hopes she won't still be tomorrow . :( 
has finally overcome sickness ! HUZZAH ! 
dropped her phone in the pool and is SO pissed . D:< 
has had a ' fantastic ' ending to a wonder-fucking-ful week ... :'( 
doesn't want to live like this anymore ... 
is sleeeeeeepy now ... 
is looking forward to tomorrow ! Pizza , Wii fun , and friends that make me laugh till I cry . n.n 
just got the corner of her laptop jabbed into her ribcage ! \OW ! \"" 
can't believe there are only two more weeks until Solo and Ensemble !!! 
doesn't like people that don't have things done that should have been done weeks ago ! D:< 
thinks , \Is it raining ...?!? WOAH ! NO WAY ! YESSS RAIN HOW I MISSED YOU !!!! AGH ! Spring here I come ! \ " <3 " 
doesn't really like it when girls only wear REALLY thick dark eyeliner on their lower eyelids ... it's just dumb ! 
is a ROCK LOBSTA ! 
loves Link ! Ahaha , such a geek ... n.n ' 
can't believe there's only 9 weeks left of school !!! 
belives in a thing called love . Just listen to the rythem of her heart ! There's a < PROPMALE > they could make it now , they'll be rocking til ' the sun goes down . She believes in a thing called loooooooove ~ 
has a very angry tummy ! D: 
says , \Happy Zombie Jesus Day ! \"" 
loves the rain and photography of < PROPFEMALE > water droplets on plants . <3 
wishes she had more free time for spring break . : < 
thinks it's getting much too cold again ! 
is working on her french report ! Woo ! 500 pts of extra credit here I come ... lol ... 
is excited/nervous/stressed for this weekend , have mixed feelings about it , I want it to come but I also can't wait until it's over . Hmmm ... :\\ 
is less stressed but will have another stressful weekend in like ... two more weeks . Wooo ... >>' 
is really tempted to go up to someone she doesn't know and act like she does just to see if they'd go along with it . 
now knows why people are in such odd moods lately ... DAMN YOU FULL MOON ... daaaaamn you ... * shakes fist at * 
has a food baby ... One word ... Culver's 
is loving the lilacs outside of her house . <3 
is sleepy and having a bad day ... just about ready to have this day end 
is glad her day of bad luck is over with ! 
doesn't know if anyone else has noticed this but this seems to be the longest week ever ... just my observation at least . 
has decided to stop caring about people that don't offer the same feelings in return , it's just too damn exhausting . 
is quite thankful to have someone , especially now . 
always has mixed feelings after these sorts of weekends . 
is thinking of wandering aimlessly after school tomorrow . Anyone want to join me ? Haha ! I have such an exciting life ! 
mayhaps be getting a new piano within the next week ! Hopefully it will work out ! 
thinks , \HOLY FUCK IT WAS HOT TODAY !!! \ " T'was the perfect day to go out on the river ! " 
doesn't know if she's worrying too much or if her paranoia is well placed ... 
saved a turtle today ! Woo ! 
sushi ... <3 Need I say more ? 
is just about ready to leave ! ACK ! D:< Anyone want a roommate ? 
dislikes humidity , it makes EVERYONE crabby ! 
loves the full < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just returned from a wedding . They make me feel so lonely u.u 
thinks it's silly when parents think that zooming in will make a picture look better , or fit the camera screen better when in all actuality you can just TURN THE CAMERA ! ZOMG ! Hahaha , oh technology-dumb parents ... tsk tsk 
wonders what people think sometimes , or do they think at all ? Mindless , blind zombies , 33% ... that is a FACT ! 33% of the world is blind to reality ! 
is super pumped for the school year to be done with ! La ~ lalala ~ lalalala ~ ~ <3 
asks , \Is it sad that I painted on hand of fingernails but am now too lazy to do the other hand ? Hah ... \"" 
sees a red jeep and wants to paint it black .... XD 
is done with school now ! WOOOOOO ! 
is overflowing with creativity for once ! WOO ~ Let's put it to good use ! hah 
is a ZOOOOOOMBIE ! GRAAAAWR ! 
thinks it's ridiculous how some people can be so just ... downright cruel to others . It really saddens me ... 
is goin ' to the Rendezvous with Kelten todaaaay ! Woo ! Exciting , and it's even better that it's such a nice day ! Finally , summer has started ! 
totally doesn't want to be at home right now ... 
has her first swim meet as a coach and already has hideous lifeguard tan-lines . LOL 
is crispy fried ... wooo 
thinks that sometimes those little moments make life completely awesome . 
has some kick-ass tan lines now ! Hah ... gross 
is still tired .... two weeks of not much sleep is no fun I can tell you that . 
sometimes hates those people who are so beautiful that they don't even have to try ! 
just watched The Butterfly Effect ... so good , wish I hadn't watched it alone though , some movies are better if you have someone with you to discuss things with . 
is finally doing her summer reading .... oh the pain ... NOT ! Sometimes I forget how much I like reading until I do it , again . 
is making an announcement to all ye people who only use song lyrics as your status : STOP IT ! Use some friggin creativity once in a while ! I mean seriously ... it's getting ridiculous , especially when it's practically the whole song , I understand a few words or maybe a phrase but ... sheesh . 
is sleepy and sick of self-righteous adults who think they know everything just because they're OLD , well the world works differently now than it did in the 30's , cookie , so just relax now before you break a hip . 
really loathes Farm Ville so stop friggin sending me invites ! 
thinks it's amusing how people say they can never be changed by another person but as soon as they get into a relationship they bend to every whim of that other person ... interesting , eh ? 
sometimes wishes game characters were real ... mostly just Link but whatevs . XD 
is planning on doing something super crazy to her hair sometime soon ... any suggestions ? I have a few ideas but ... there are so many ! Hmmm ... 
is THE pinball wizard ... 
wants a pair of < PROPFEMALE > Auris .... u.u 
just got done looking at antiduckface.com ... oh I love it . DOWN WITH THE DUCKFACE !!!! D:< 
wishes her boss wasn't also her mother , it's a pain in the ass trying to get off work since she bitches at me about it every time ! D:< 
is having a < PROPMALE > creativity block . 
believes that tall people are better than short people , no offence but we have more space to store awesomeness ! 
will have fun fun fun til her daddy takes the t-bird awaaaaay ~ 
is , for the most part , happy to be home ... mostly her bed ... but still ! XD 
thinks it would be fun if people had \Like\ " buttons . I know the first person I'd Like too ! ;D " 
likes this Friday the 13th so far ! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRAIN ! <3 
wonders if Jet Skis have a weight limit , if so it'd be quite amusing to see someone sink one . hahahaha 
really want to go to see Muse but on the other hand , really wants a car ... D: 
scored 20/33 on a Mensa test !!! * is genius * hahahahaha ... suuure 
finally put her retainers in after like three years and is severely regretting it . D: 
thinks it's sad when really cute girls make themselves look ugly by choosing bad jewelry for their facial piercings , making them look skankalicious .... :\\ 
is a dragon ... 
loves it when babies smile ! 
- awkward does not exist in Claireworld . XD 
just bought her first car !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
doesn't know why people are making such a fuss over the last day of summer before school ... if you wanted to do stuff this summer you should have done it instead of waiting until the last minute , durr ... 
had a great day ! Super easy school schedule , hair cut and new guages from one of my swim team kids just because I \was an awesome coach\ " ! Life = pwnage atm " 
hates allergies . HATE THEMMMMM D:< 
is holier than thou ! ( and has got the spirit now ... ) lol Musical has barely started and I already have the songs stuck in my head ! Oh dear ... musical season ... 
dislikes that Facebook tells her she has a group invitation when she really doesn't ... it has been going on for a few weeks now and it's quite annoying . D:< 
just found out that her favorite game of ALL TIME will have a sequel coming out soon ! 
knows that being up this late will really screw up her school sleep schedule , but she doesn't really care ... HA HA ! 
has a very strong urge to dress up as Lilu from The 5th Element at some point in her life ... not now of course ... very unattractive ! 
is in the process of taking her old Zune apart just to see if she can give it a ' hard reset ' and hopefully fix it ... XD 
really , -really- , REALLY wishes people could understand simple things that are QUITE obvious ... ugh , guess I can't count on that happening any time soon ... D:< * face+wall * 
- Wow , way to go and be a hypocrite ! You say you're different but really you're not ... respect for you = just about zero ... way to go ! :D 
just showed her mother a photo of herself ... Mom : \Pretty ! Who is that ? \ " Me : . . . me . . . Mom : \ " Oh ! \"" 
- 1 . have not been feeling well the past few days , so sorry to the people that I was rude/annoying/mean to 2 . forgot what else I was going to say D: uh ... OH YEAH ! Appointment for tattoo is made , woot woot , friggin expensive stuff though ... 
isn't ready for it to be Sunday yet ... u.u Don't want to put up with idiots at school ( note : only the idiots , you non-idiots , I like you . :D ) 
is totally gonna be sick in about 5 < PROPFEMALE > ... or so ... x.x 
- ugh , so many decisions to make ! D: 
doesn't like those kinds of people that yell/complain about something just to hear themselves speak , it's really really frustrating ... especially when they KNOW no one is listening to them ... but since it's the same thing over and over you know what they're saying . Ugh .... x.x 
is extraordinarily stressed out and has already snapped twice today ... how wonderful ... great start to my brithday ! Car-broken Zen-broken Money-none Wooo .... 
is rather excited for today and just hopes her father doesn't screw things up ... >> 
- Why didn't you guys say to set the time later ?!?! lol Been sitting here for about two hours now ... : < 
is in the process of watching The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show ... <3 Yay Luff weird movies ! 
- hahaha , melodramatic people are over melodramatic . 
is sorry about ranting about relationships but ... seriously ?!? It's so frustrating ! iloveyou doesn't mean any less than I love you , same with luv yew ... etc etc . STILL MEANS THE SAME THING ... GRR ! Just because you spell it different , it doesn't mean that the meaning is any less significant or powerful ... but since you who do that stupid poo sort of ruined the word anyways ..... thanks .... 
has nothing to do tonight ! D: 
doesn't say that kind of crap to you so why do you say it to me ? Definitely don't appreciate that ... 
- meh ... u.u 
is really tempted to go to sleep right now ... at 8:14 ... hah ... how sad 
- AAAGH ! MY BACK ITCHES SO BAD ! It needs to hurry up and heal ! 
wishes she had somewhere to escape to ... seriously am going to have a meltdown soon ... 
is sooooo tired ... 
- pie < PROPFIRST > zoo ... anyone ? Anyone know what I mean ?! YEAH !? 
really really likes those kinds of people that have a really skewed sense of right and wrong , not like murderers and stuff but just like ... well ... I think you know what kind of people I'm talking about * cough*idiotgirls*cough * 
- AHAHAHAHAHA ! HAHAHAHAH ! NO WAY ! I KNEW IT !!!! I KNEW IT ! 
is holier than though and has got the spirit now . lol ... jeez 
is getting more senior pictures tomorrow ... woo ! 
is worried ... :\\ 
- \And if you've got no other choice you know you can follow my voice through the dark turns and noise of this wicked little town\ " <3 " 
is a tappin ' fool ! 
' s aunt isn't doing so well ... it's not looking good ... :( 
is excited for next week ! 
needs a break . 
is so cold ! D: 
has a brand-new pair of roller skates , you've got a brand new key ! Oh noez ! D: 
really does not want to go to rehearsal tonight ... 
hopes she can remember all of the moves for each song tonight ! 
is not feeling well ... D: 
is currently in the process of designing her next tattoo 
is interested to see how things shall turn out tomorrow night ! 
had something witty to put here but forgot it shortly after thinking it up ... so goes life . 
has many a thing to do tonight ! First night off in like two weeks ... hah . 
- Yep , deffinately haven't done any of the stuff I needed to for school .. get to do it tomorrow , yaaaay ... 
- really likes the fact that she got her toes smashed today . Hope it won't ruin my performances , Thurs , Fri and Sat ... 
is sorting her first batch of senior pictures ! 
is thankful for the innumerable hours she has/will be spending playing video games . Oh how I've missed you . 
is online Christmas shopping ! 
loves snow but thinks it's a bit chilly and doesn't like being chilly ... 
excited for tomorrow ! 
I love my friends . <33 
At work ... yuck ... 
Don't really want to go to work ... I just wanna be a bum today ... Oh wait ... I don't do anything at my job anyways ! XD 
I have a new phone ! WOO ! :D 
TABLET ! I HAZ IT ! It's so purrrday ! < PROPMALE > time here I come !!!! 
Trying to figure out what I want ! Two $75 gift cards to Forever21 and Sephora ... best Christmas presents ever but soooo hard to decide upon something ! 
You ever get one of those moods where you wanna hug someone ? I have that mood ... but there's no one around to hug D: 
Cold ... why ? No idea . Two sweatshirts , t-shirt , sweatpants , fuzzy socks and two fleece blankets : what's wrong with me ? 
Please rain ... stay away ... or dry up right away ! 
I've got a busy five months ahead of me ! 
Has been officially accepted to UW Whitewater ! WOO ! 
Having really stupid moods lately ... sorry to anyone I've offended . : < 
High point of my day ? Drawing a triforce on the back of my phone with a gold sharpi paint pen ... Oh nerdlyness .... 
I love it when people text you and forget words so all you get is something like , \I and there you ? \ " XD " 
Hmmm ... burgundy hair ... interesting color though not what I was looking for ! Oh well XD 
Doncha ' just love it when creep-os comment on things ? 
Cool , gonna stay home and play video games aaaaall day ! 
Dear stomach , \ 
If you start hurting again , I'm afraid we'll have to get a divorce . Sorry ... but I can't deal with the abuse any longer . \ 
~ Claire 
Having your parent as your boss sucks majorly , lemme ' tell ya ... D:< 
Nerding out ... how ? Sorting old pokemon cards . Oh yes . If anyone wants to get rid of theirs I'll gladly take ' em ! 
Busy week this week ... blah , I just want to sleep through it all ... 
I was just about to put a nice status up ... but my father barged in and commanded me to go to bed ( yes commanded , not asked nicely , or asked at all ... just \Go to bed . \") ... happy mood ruined . D:< " 
I want to kill Nataly < PROPFEMALE > and steal her voice ... yes .... 
Love of mine some day you will die , but I'll be close behind . I'll follow you into the dark ... ( because 1 . I love that song 2 . It's stuck in my head 3 . I never post song lyrics and 4 . It's true ) 
Applying for FAFSA atm ... so fun .... >> 
You know what's annoying ? When you're on your laptop and your mother looks over your shoulder and starts asking questions about what you're doing ... \Oh who is that ? What are those pictures from ? \ " UUuuuurlge " 
Blaaaah ! Getting sick ! Thanks Sack ! 
searchin ' for stuff to buy for a certain someone's birthday ... 
anyone know where I could find a large wooden crate ? Preferably under $20 ... but free would be best :D 
Why am I so damn tired all the time D: 
Holy crap ... there is a hawk in my back yard ... eating a bird ... lol oh Wisconsin ! 
Ugh ... stupid people are stupid . Aye , ' tis what I say ..... 
Zombies ... more and more people are falling in love with them everyday . DON'T DENY THE TRUTH ! 
I really dislike uninformed people who think they know everything ... x.x 
So someone came looking for me at my house while I was gone ... no idea who it was ... weeeeeird ... 
How pathetic can one person be ? I mean , I already miss him and he only left like 10 minutes ago . :/ 
Just ordered my prooom dress . :D 
Ooooh man , revelation ! The world DOES NOT revolve around you and , yes , it's okay for you to have a different opinion than other people , it's not a criminal offense , dear . 
.... cool , thanks migraine for making my day complete .... 
Sick , sick ... and still , sick . Why couldn't I have been sick like ... two weeks ago or something ... not this week . D: 
mmmm cheeze .... 
There's nothing like coming home from school and changing into a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt . 
I wish I could live a make believe life with my pretend friends and pretend boyfriends , but I'm sooo unlucky ... I only have real friends and a real boyfriend :( LOL ! 
