IT'S SNOWING IN THE 505 !! To bad its not sticking ..... Snowboarding here we come !! 

Where did it all start ?? And when does it all end ?? 
Sometimes no matter how hard you try ...... You just can't please some people ! 
Hey all , Just wanted to let everyone know that my lil miss Faith will be performing tonight November 21 , 2009 , at the Lobo's Football game half time show !! She is a Razzle Dazzle now for those of you I haven't told .... If anyone is interested in going , tickets are only $14.00 at the gate . YOU MUST say you are there to see Razzle Dazzle ..... or you can call me on my cell for more info !! 
Faith performed at the Lobo's football game last night and was GREAT !!! She was even on the big screen TV . I know I was excited , imagine how she felt running out of the tunnel . I am so proud of her !! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!! 
I GOT ACCEPTED INTO SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!! If all goes well , I START ON MONDAY !!!! 
On waiting list for ALL my classes .... :-( 
Well it is official , after 11 years , I am going back to school !! Classes start on Monday !! OMG !!! 
MY BOYFRIEND IS BACK !!! YEEAAAH !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , AND < PROPMALE > LAWSON !!!! Hope you have a great day guys !! 
only need harness and horse shoes to finish stable !! 
Come on everybody , I only need one more to expznd my storage on farmville . Help me out please !! 
Going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow , Just so I can drive right back ....... Yeah !! 
HELP !! Last night ( 3-5-10 ) I took my kids to eat at IT'Z on San Mateo , between 7pm and 9pm . Someone broke into my truck and stole my laptop . It is an HP G-60 . PLEASE PLEASE , if anyone comes across it some how there is a cash reward to get it back . It means ALOT to me ....... I have tons of pictures of my kids on it . If anyone hears ANYTHING please get in touch with me ..... No questions . Really just want it back . Thanx 
My brave little boy went for emergancy surgery sunday night for his appendix ... He did < PROPFEMALE > good !! not one single whimper about anything . He was released Monday afternoon , and is recovering very well !! Thank you to everyone that was praying and thinking about us !! We love you all !! 
It's crazy , thinking you found the one that completes you , being BEST friends with that person , and sharing everything you can and have with that person , just to find out it was all FAKE .... another year and a half wasted on a < PROPFEMALE > tale .... OH WELL , glad I found out now !! 
Happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > !! Happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > !! HOPE IT'S a GRRREEAT ONE !! 
I just love being stranded 
come on guys you have to vote before noon on the picture !! the mini session give away !! 
HEY EVERYONE !! PLEASE GO VOTEFOR MY COUSIN'S PICTURE . GO TO MY PROFILE IT'S THE ELLET PICTURE . 15MINS LEFT 
First day at Toys R Us as a manager in training .... YEEAAHH !! 
OLC , can't wait til tomorrow !! 
good morning world . here we go again !! 
Sometimes when people are trying as hard as they can to do the right thing , it seems to be the people that want it most for them that keeps pushing them backwards . Once in a while everyone should step back and take a different look at the ones we love . Are they still screwing up ?? Or are we making it harder for them then needed ??? 
When loves hits you , it seems like you would give anything and everything to not lose it . But what if it is only you loving them ?? Where does the strength come from to say \goodbye\ " . You can't force someone to love you . you can't pick the ones you love ..... Is it really better to \ " hurt then feel nothing at all ?? \"" 
Romantic love is an illusion . Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames ....... 
Love - a wildly misunderstood although highly desirable malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain , causes eyes to < PROPFEMALE > , cheeks to glow , blood pressure to rise and the lips to pucker 
Amoris vulnus idem sanat , qui facit . Translation : The wounds of love can only be healed by the one who made them 
\One man by himself is nothing . Two people who belong together make a world . \"" 
i just don't understand how someone who is guilty of something , can stand there accusing you of doind what they are guitly of .... how in the hell does that work ?? 
I HATE PEOPLE THAT ARE DOUBLE STANDARD , AND LIE TO THE ONES THEY HAVE NO REASON TO LIE TO ......... PEOPLE SUCK !! 
No kids tonight !! What I wouldn't give to go out dancing !! shake off some pent up energy !! 
Thank you everyone !! I had a great day !! My babe came into town to fulfill my one birthday wish which was to spend it with him !! Thank you babe !! 
what a wonderfully boring day ...... 
Happy birthday to my aunties in ARIZONA ! miss you and love u guys ! 
My Razzle Dazzle team is performing this weekend .... AAAhhhh , I hope we are ready . This is the nerve wrecking part !! 
OH what I would give for a Dr. Pepper right now !! 
Our performance went FANTASTIC !! My Razzle Dazzle girls are awesome !! Congrats to all my girls . YOU DID IT !!! 
WANTED : Black and white Razzle Dazzle cheerleading uniforms . Need 3 or 4 . The body suit , skirt , shell , and bloomers as cheap as possible or even a donation . Please if you know anyone , let me know . THANK YOU !! 
I'M A BITCH !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell ...... don't deserve me at my best . If you're a BITCH , repost ! I dare you ! I'll be looking for the ladies who repost !!!!!!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , because they don't know how to copy and paste 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost nine Marines in four days . Please repost this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONES WALL " 
WOW !! yesterday was such a crappy day , and today whar luck I am having . Thank you brake masters !! 
My kids seriously need a break from eachother ... / What to do ?? 
What acrappy night ... aaahhh when does it end ?? 
Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together 
I work 24 hours a day ! Why ? Because I'm a MOM , a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , security , & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day & some of the night , on call at all ... hours . I am underpaid & overworked . Now tell me that YOUR job .. is harder than mine . Repost this if you're a great MOM !!!!! Love This 8 ) 
well my loser mom is flying on her broom , i mean plane to philly today .... we won't miss her to much ..... WHAAAA , why is she leaving us ?? :( 
I would like to thank my philly bro and sis for taking our mom for the week . HAVE FUN , and feel free to keep her longer if you want ... your abq sis , neice and nephew 
OMG , some people can be so freaking frustrating .... 
This Thanksgiving I am thankful for , my 2 very wonderful children . My wonderful family , my friends .... and the life lessons learned everyday !! HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
geeze , there sure are alot of albillar's on right now !! hi family !! 
Starting a new chapter in my life ..... This one will hopefully be alot better then the last !! 
OMG ... I hate getting in trouble for stuff I am not doing . PEOPLE MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS , unless you know the truth !! 
Wow , i am totally blown away by the 3 1/2 hour conversation I just had ..... Didn't want it to end .... thank you my friend !! I needed it !! 
What a day ... Back to school !! ohh yeah !! 
goodnite all you wonderful FB people !! See you tomorrow !! 
NEEDED : Furniture donations , or REALLY REALLY CHEAP !! Couches , 2 twin size beds , dressers , ect ...... 
Have a sick little boy today . :-( 
What is going on ?? My luck has changed so much !! And right before Christmas !! I must have done something good to deserve all this !! Thank you GOD , for hearing and helping !! 
... when you feel down , look at yourself through God's eyes . There are times when no matter how hard you try , you just cannot accept yourself as you are . During such times , think of how you look to God's eyes . In God's eyes , there is no judgment , there is only acceptance . God sees your light when all that you can see are your shadows . God loves you more than anyone could ever love you as you really are ... 
don't feel good ..... wanna go to bed !!! 
SAYING GOODBYE IS ONE OF LIFE ! S MEANEST LESSONS .... 
*•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have kids with attitude , drive you crazy and test your < PROPFEMALE > but they are still your world and you would give your last breath for them !!! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . •* 
gunna has a nephew today !! 
Still no baby at 2am ...... Come on girl PUUUSSSSHH 
WE ARE ALMOST READY TO PUSH !! MY LIL SIS IN LAW IS GOING TO BE A MOMMY !! 
7 lbs 15oz 21inchs long .... my lil sis is a mommy of a very beautiful baby boy !! Feb . 8th , 2011 ..... 
i din't mean to hurt him , i really didn't and i am sorry to you for doing it 
How do you say Im sorry for hurting somjeone you really care about without words ?? How do you ever make up for the pain that you caused ?? Or gain that trust and love back ?? do you ever ?? 
Wow I love my new phone ! What cant thos thing do ? 
Pineapple 
