might be leavin for boot next month y'all hopefully so 

BOONDOCK SAINTS II ALL SAINTS DAY OCTOBER 30th ! 
meh 
merrry xmas y'all 
love bein left in the dark and how everythin changes overnight 
the only easy day was yesterday . 
it's mind over matter , if you don't mind it don't matter ... 
if you figure out what you want let me know , i say what i mean and mean what i say , if you're gonna be mad then have a nice day . 
what are five really good movies ? 
It's 3 a.m. and i cant sleep 
Out . Gym in the A.M. , should schedule classes for spring quarter soon , cant wait for the end of february . 
Jew Babies 
dont you love when you're texting people and they stop ... and you dont know why !?! 
oops wrong one click this one if you like new < PROPFEMALE > : D 
1.5 mile warmup 12 minutes . couple minute stretch and 13 minute mile and a half run back .... im out of shape .... also ... 200's starts today today is day 1 , odd , do 200 pushups in as few sets as possible tomorrow is 2 , even , do 200 pushups throughout the day ... ill tell you when it ends ... any takers in the game ? 
1 day of 200's left to go then no pushups again till monday ! 
so between a drunk driver taking my driver side mirror off and not having insurance and the night i had with my bro and a friend and my girlfriend ima say im having a decent weekend so far 
So what do you do when someone you like pushes buttons you dont want pressed and they know it ? 
well this sucks .... 
so whoevers been trying to text me can stop .... im out of texts so call me . 
thanks y'all had a uneventful b-day but better than a bad one hope everyones doin good ? 
dislikes long hugs . 
Whats the Loudest Angriest Song you know of ? If you have more than one feel free to add more . 
the word is legs , now lets go spread the \ 
word :p , thats good but i still say mines the best of the list \nice shoes wanna f**k ? \"" 
going on a very long walk idk where too , maybe in town ? 
hates when people dont say bye when texting they just ... stop 
how do i < PROPFEMALE > join a group 
Wow , really ? oh the things you all shall never know . 
text iffin you wanna talk the computers down for maintanence ..... 
Hate people who honestly believe theyve had it rough in life cause they didnt get the car they wanted , or cause their parents are split up , or they dont have the hollister they want ! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccckkkk 
I got half a mind to paint a plywood sign\ 
\ 
And nail it up on a notty pine tree\ 
Saying I was here first\ 
This is my piece of dirt\ 
And your rambling don't rattle me ! 
whats for breakfast ? -food- mmmmmmmm foooooood my favorite 
< PROPMALE > of persia was pretty awesome 
party time , its been a while >:D 
Partyyy was great , too bad i was the DD 
yuppppppppppppppppp 
biked swam chilled , regret it . 
People would do retarded ass things for a klondike bar , so whys it so crazy when i do retarded things for love ? people do worse for less and you know it , but the people who do more for less are the ones to keep . or so i thought . 
2 hours of sleep in half hour increments , fuckin fantastic . not going to sleep until you get something done after 2 hours of sleep , even better . Trying to get that something done and not getting the cooperation you need , Makes me wanna punch myself in the face . 
Last < PROPMALE > , Listen well , Make yourself worth it , Do the impossible , Be the Unforgettable .... I can , I will , I am . 
I need a Job .... Yesterday . 
Happy fathers day , have fun with whatever you've been doing my whole life ..... 
3.5 hours of sleep . 5 mile run . swimming . chasing < PROPMALE > . only 3 o clock ..... fuck .... 
Last < PROPMALE > , Listen well , Make yourself worth it , Do the impossible , Be the Unforgettable .... I can , I will , I am 
box of < PROPMALE > n cheese and a quart of milk ..... almost full . Current issues = SNAFU 
shower then off to the temp agency .... wooooo ........... 
running in the AM peace 
My womans back from illinois , i miss her and i still cant see her .... makes me wanna punch myself in the face ..... 
ITS EASIER TO KEEP A HOUSE COLD IF ITS ALREADY COLD ! My brother somehow does not understand this . IT's only hotter inside than it was ALL DAY . AFTER THE SUN SET . Common sense isnt that common anymore . 
Undisputed 3 Kicked Some < PROPMALE > Ass 
She dont know shes beautiful .......... 
If you \ 
like me , Tell Me . If you miss me , Show it . If you love me , Prove it . 
If you're nervous , just remember this \pressure makes diamonds \"." 
Unexpected \ 
kisses\ 
Better then \ 
unexpected death threats , fines , throat slitting/neckbreaks , dog crap on\ 
the carpet , or partical accelators gone wrong !! 
boom maybe ? 
i went to bed at 2 , why did i wake up 20 minutes ago wide awake ???????? 
sit ? He gets a chair ? He kills bunnies !?!! 
almost to NC 
What would make this perfect ? my girlfriend ..... 
found a couple good seashells saw the sun rise . Its a lil chilly but north < PROPFEMALE > is pretty alright . 
miss me baby .... 
Hmmmm facebook sms . Well now isnt that handy ? Can i send picture texts and the picture show up on fb ? 
Beach food relaxing dolphin watching then who knows O.O 
ow my shins .... Oh and good morning to you world .... 
Why is it ok for your girlfriend to not be bothered durin her show but its not ok to watch mine ? 
Fuckin sweeeeettttt !!!!!! Mopeds ! we rode from the store home then road for a minute . The girls were gone for 2 hours on them . We go out and ones out of gas and the other stopped working . So much for a night of fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > splints gone ?!?!? Maybe :/ miss my bro and my girl . And running and not salty water . And dono and < PROPMALE > . And my car . And ...... Fun ? 
I feel like # ? * ! 
NC to ohio ..... long drive . My ass hurts .... anyone know anything about the fair ? 
fair Wed . 7 30 . MMA Fights . $10 dollars ringside ! 
Woo ct scan at mt caramel hopefully not appendicitis . 
Woo flat tire 
FIGHTS AT THE FAIR ! 
Pushups make you smarter ....... 
so the temp agency didnt file my background check yesterday so i have to wait till tues or wedn . they say . who's going to the fair ? 
Pennsylvania for the first time ever . 
gettin ready to drive back from pennsylvania .... 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > ..... long drive ..... ne < PROPMALE > another nap .... hunters < PROPMALE > classes later . 
Dont you just fucking LOVE how people dont want to fight one on one anymore ?!? Oh yeah I'm tough ima bring my whole family to fight my fight . Bitches ..... 
does anyone else think touchscreen phones are overrated ? 
Daaaadddd you cant make me marry luan , I'm only twelve years old . Yes < PROPFIRST > , i can , you're only twelve years old . 
does it bite ? of course it bites .... its a lion . 
I'm offering a fifty dollar reward for any information about what happened to my cat no questions asked .... no questions asked eh ? i killed your cat . * door slam * 
< PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > ! the griffin boy just killed a plastic reindeer ! gladus it took me two hours to build up the courage to rent this porno ... are you going to watch it with me or not ? 
you're not the same as you were before , you were much more , muchier . you've lost your muchness ... 
How about a little less questions and a little more shut the hell up ! 
anyone have oblivion goty ? idw to pay for the expansions .... 
found 20 bucks in the laundry this morning ... oh yea now to lose it again so i cant spend it >> 
boooooooo 
This dead end life , sweet dreams that wont come true . I'd leave it all for you . Cause if you jump , i will jump too . we will fall together from the buildings ledge . Never looking back at what we've done . We'll say it was love , ' cause i would die for you . On skywave avenue . 
omg i cracked my back and its finally stopped hurting thank any and every mythical higher being that could of possibly been involved :D 
just cause life is easier doesnt mean its better ...... 
dontcha hate when you miss someone ? this is like almost unbelievably worse . 
I miss the Gym x_X 
I'm < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and if you dont chew big red then fuck you . I'm a winner i mean i wake up and piss excellence . 
Jacket Off ! Jacket Off ! Jacket Off ! Jacket Off !..... lol 
mayday parade -- your song 
who wants to workout with me today ? 
boooooooo nothing to do 
I'm going back to bed . 
1 “This is why I can’t have nice things . ”\ 
“Why , because you shoot them ? ” 
gym in the morning woo ? 
soooo much food thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :D 
her : im more of a guy\ 
me : you have a vag ! \ 
her : doesnt matter\ 
her : mentally i dont\ 
me : bet that makes for odd fantasies 
woo friday . cant drive to the gym for one class .... what now ? 
i need a sparring partner local . about my size . any ideas how to make it happen ? 
going out . out where ? out there ...... 
who wants to see resident evil ??? 
status length too long ? Fuck you FB i'll take my status elsewhere ...... tooooo the notes ! 
regal movie ticket for resident evil $13 ..... other theaters .... not playing .... FML 
here do you get coloring books from ? 
you know what else is goin around ? Babies ..... lol booooo 
sickly :( 
Purposely ignoring the obvious is like walking backwards toward the enemy . not very ninjical if you ask me ..... 
Whoever put the tambourine in the dryer is a douche . Worst hangover wakeup ever 
@ the boys ... they know who they are Sorry you had to see that , but on the bright side ... at least I trust you enough to have sex in front of you 
car is kaput . boo . 
work tomorrow .... not like i have anything better to do saturday 
Work from 10 to FOREVER ....... sike ... thatd be an epic paycheck though 
i wonder how much it will cost to fix my carrrrrrrr ???????? / 
bummmmmmmmeeeeeedddddddddd 
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ............................... 
car wont get looked at till monday booooooo ....... 
gotta catch em all should not be applied to std's 
so after working four hours in mice excrement , flour sugar grease and crisco .... oh and broken glass and bugs while moving literally tons of outdated product , my boss is so upset she wont talk to me ? theres only one other man on the farm that would do that shit without complaining . why is it such a big deal that i did something that Needed done ? 
The hedgehog's \ 
dilemma suggests that despite goodwill , human intimacy cannot occur \ 
without substantial mutual harm , and what results is cautious behavior \ 
and weak relationships . One is recommended \ 
to use moderation in the affairs with others both because it is in \ 
self-interest , and also out of consideration for others . The hedgehog's \ 
dilemma is used to justify or explain introversion and isolationism . 
: ) 
i need something . bet someone knows what it is . 
Game over , you lose , i win . 
haha lets celebrate < PROPMALE > day by walking into someones house and telling them we live there now . 
if you cant duck it fuck it . 
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now\ 
You kicked me when I was down\ 
Fuck what you say , just don't hurt me no more\ 
That's right bitch and I don't need you , don't want to see you\ 
Bitch you get no love\ 
You show me nothing but hate\ 
You ran me into the ground\ 
But what comes around goes around\ 
That's right , and I don't need you , don't want to see you\ 
And I don't need you 
It's no secret , everybody knows\ 
Yeah we fucked , bitch so what , that's about as far as your < PROPMALE > goes\ 
We'll be friends , i'll call you again , i'll < PROPMALE > you around every bar you attend\ 
Never know what kind of car i'll be in , we'll see how much you'll be partying then\ 
You don't want that , neither do I , I don't want to flip when I see you with guys\ 
Too much pride between you and I\ 
Not a jealous man but females lie 
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't , this fuckin black cloud\ 
still follows , me around but it's time to exorcise these demons\ 
These muh'fuckers are doin jumpin jacks now ! 
nice little run ... 750 to fix my car [>: 0 ] angry robot ! 
I never thought I would ever miss you this much , if there's anything i could do to get you back i would , i would do it all again for you , only better . I thought it would be for the best , turned out to be for the worst . I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself , a bird will fall dead from a bough , without ever having felt sorry for itself . 
halloween party ? 
Halloween Parties ? 
I\ 
never thought I would ever miss you this much , if there's anything i \ 
could do to get you back i would , i would do it all again for you , only \ 
better . I thought it would be for the best , turned out to be for the \ 
worst . I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself , a bird will fall dead \ 
from a bough , without ever having felt sorry for itself . 
she twittered my yahoo until i googled all over her facebook ; ) 
Fuck it , Fuck them , and if you don't like it , then Fuck you too . Round and round we go , talk and talk and talk and talk , let's just knock it off . They don't know about me and you , you're just gonna keep hating me , we'll never know what it could be . I'm not perfect , neither are you , get down off your high horse and put up that finger that you use when you don't give a fuck . 
caught my break finally 
paperwork came after 9 months . 9 months for 2 pages so i can join the military . Bout Time ! 
The lion and the lamb shall lie down together , but the lamb won ' t get much sleep . 
lifting . hopefully life gets better . seein the recruiter in the morning . time to just let go . \ 
i know the truth . bitches and hoes bitches and hoes . if they aint one theyre the other . or both . 
When the sun shines\ 
We'll shine together\ 
Told you I'll be here forever\ 
Said I'll always be your friend\ 
Took an oath\ 
I'mma stick it out ' till the end\ 
Now that it's raining more than ever\ 
Told you we'll still have each other\ 
You can stand under my umbrella 
guess what facebook ? i'm naked ..... underneathe my clothes 
bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch . is that all you have to say and be .... man i'm glad i'im not you ... you sit on your throne , so much better than me cause you have no life and do your homework , you think thats real work . ha . I'm alive again , more alive than i have been in my whole entire life , i can see these peoples ears perk up as i begin . 
OMG today is friday . well tonight . is friday night . boo . 
I'm like an atomic bomb having sex with an earthquake inside a tornado getting struck by lightning 
And so the list shrinks . On to the next one . later facebook . out . 
who wants to bring me a soda . or vodka ? i'll make it worth your while . unless youre a guy ... 
1 . a day to remembers new album rocks . 2 . lifting makes me deal with feelings in a constructive way . kind of . 3 . rasberry lemonade may be my new favorite flavor . 
I hate this town\ 
It’s so washed up\ 
And all my friends don’t give a fuck\ 
Don’t tell me that it’s just bad luck\ 
When will I find where I fit in 
another week on the car im bout sick of this shit 
Lifting . Haircut . Shower . Homework . Fuck catching lightning he struck screamed shut up and thunder flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward . 
today is friday . who's gettin shit faced ? 
its international make someone uncomfortable day . \ 
i text someone that hates me and irritates me every time we talk and i suspect she knows this but she wont stop texting me(even though i ask repeatedly for her to not ) . especially every time i meet a girl . \ 
me : will you marry me ? dead serious . you're 18 now . \ 
she says : um . no ? you proposed through text . \ 
i think i should delete your number\ 
i feel like i'm the winner . 
WHOEVER KEEPS TEXTING ME MY PHONES SHUT OFF . \ 
tell me on here . i'm on here everyday . what would people do without cell phones ??? 
gator show sons of anarchy tosh . o top gun aladdin and family guy . good stuff . 
i watched an interview with the what what in the butt guy . its the gayest thing i've heard since < PROPFIRST > beibers last single . never since nirvana have i wanted a singer to kill himself so badly . 
dragon ball movies , nap , working out , homework , cleaning .... 
wish lots of things would of worked out different . you can wish in one and and you know what in the other . see which fills up first . sometimes you gotta be selfish . sometimes you'll stand by yourself . on your own two feet . then you'll learn what you're really capable of . 
who's going black friday shopping ? 
theres 1000 black guys and one white guy . whats the white guy called ? \ 
warden . 
you dont know how sick you make me . you make me fuckin sick to my stomach every time i think of you i puke . you may not think you do but you do . i was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem but off of the dome itd probly be a little more , more suitable , i got a million reasons off the top of my head that i can think of . 
working out twice a day . for . well ... ever . 
Kill hadji babies !!! 
So bad\ 
So good that I'm so bad\ 
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had\ 
Cause you ain't never met nobody like me\ 
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
i've seen cars taken apart and put back together in under 12 hours . why is my car taking 3 fucking days ? 
downloaded toy story 3 in less then 10 minutes ... bluray ... epic ... 
you're going to call somebody a professional hitman because he shot someone from inside a car so the shells landed in the car and he shot the only witness ? i hate the news . 
I am baking my first cake . yes i licked the bowl . yes i'm going to eat it all , and the leftover icing . tonight . for dinner . cause i can . jk i need my winter weight so i dont freeze to death :P 
booooooooooooooo ................ 
so in the russian alphabet a backwards N is the e H is n r is g , b is v , and thats not the worst of it lol 
you are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are gray .... 
you dont obtain happiness .... you feel it ... or dont in my case . 
You treat me like a staircase , its time to fuckin step . I wont be comng back dont hold your fuckin breath . You know what you've done no need to go in depth . i told you you'd be sorry if i fuckin left . I laughed while you wept , Hows it feel now , funny aint it you neglected me did me a favor though my spirit free and set , but a special place in my heart i have kept . peace out facebook . 
waiting is about one of the funniest moves of all time . past and future . 
chicken and fries or taco < PROPFEMALE > ? 
steak n shake yo 
DAMNIT I MISSED THE FIGHT TONIGHT > < 
YOU LOOK LIKE A LUMP OF DOG SHIT THAT JUST GOT HIT BY A CAR ! haha south park 
I hear if you dont eat meat you turn into a pussy .... got to love south parks morals xD 
loving me is like hugging a porcupine . its going to hurt . but i dont mean to . and it doesnt mean i dont love you back . 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx ......... 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family 
i'm half deaf in one ear . my car speakers have yet to blow from any music i've put in their . i've come to enjoy listening to music at a soothing Billion and 5 decibals . Is that bad ? 
90% confidence 10% cocky . okay maybe 20 ... KY tomorrow [: 
~ 20 hours of sleep since sunday the 12th , drove like 20 hours this weekend . somethings wrong with this . 
10 hour days are harsh when you're on your feet the entire time . need a better job >> 
thanks a lot for not breakin my kneecaps jerk .... 
you know whats awesome ? no food . 
Your emotions may be more in tune with the world around you today , Taurus . You could even feel a bit psychic . Go with your hunches . You will find that rational thinking may not be the best way to handle situations right now . Be the sensitive one who feels things before taking action . Discuss the issues with others and combine your resources for a more powerful alliance . haha a more powerful alliance 
i got a vocab like websters and a dozen pictures but still cant spill how i feel . 
i believe god is a hypocrite and i will live my life to the best of my ability and do my best to do what is right . if god is fair and just i will not be sent to hell for eternity for my sins . he \loves\ " you remember ? " 
jew babies 
its christmas , and a saturday night ..... why am i sober ? 
back from kentucky had a good time [: 
< PROPFIRST > mayes here , with just two easy steps i can just come over this chair and kick you in the balls .... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is now my official stalker .... let it be known 
God . Damnit . That is all ..... 
getting hacked isnt okay ... neither is the worlds strongest man being the bearded lady at the same time .... gonna go lift ! 
ohio state game with < PROPFIRST > 
hell on the heart 
Confused abused\ 
I’ve overused my walking shoes\ 
I never turn back cause i know the score 
too many people in this world get away with injustice . like the people in those louisiana swamps . \do you know which ways to town ? \ " -shotgun racking a shell- back the way you came ! " 
I will complete the primary main objective . > : ) 
SOMETHING TO REMEMBER GOING INTO THE NEW YEAR : A true Friend doesn't care if you're broke , being a pain , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your Family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been Months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you've at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! 
the only good house of terrorists , is a dead house of terrorists >:D 
boooo 
FACEBOOK IS A MEGAWHORE 
kentucky y'all . if you need to get a hold of me while i'm gone ... tough . 
< PROPFEMALE > = awesome . 
job interview at terminex monday . i hate bugs . not in a girly way , more like a godzilla crushing tokyo way >:] 
I LOVE LAMP !!!!!! 
you just nailed the baby in the face ! are my glasses okay ? Your glasses are fine < PROPMALE > ! 
crazy robot ?! i'm not a crazy robot ?!?! I'M JUST NOT USER FRIENDLY !!!!! 
lifting . mountain dew . and south park . meh . 
no stewie dont thats ... wait nvm 
i love having weird conversations with a best friend but youre such good friends its not weird .... someone should make that a group on fb 
By the time you can make ends meet , they move the ends . 
If you're dating someone right now , and their family is Whacked . And you think you're dating the good one ... YOU are Mentally Ill , they are like a psycho tylenol gel cap man , tick tock , crazy is coming . 
lol stewie is the real character in family guy 
boo ... 
that could of been a lot better but i guess it could of been worse . 
chillin like a villain ? naw fuck that i'm a fuckin ice cube . 
Cleaned up , clean cut , and clean shaved 
Have you ever loved someone so much , you'd give an arm for ? \ 
Not the expression , no , literally give an arm for ? \ 
When they know they're your heart\ 
And you know you were their armour\ 
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm ' her\ 
But what happens when < PROPFEMALE > , turns right around and bites you ? \ 
And everything you stand for , turns on you to spite you ? 
Let go of the past , that tore you apart . Embrace this < PROPMALE > for a brand new start . 
eff emm ellll 
beer sounds good 
maybe i can sleep for another 2 hours >> 
what the fuck ever 
sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow , i dont give a fuck i dont know what a fuck is to give it . 
list of goals for the year : gain weight\ 
learn more of another language\ 
get back into drawing\ 
get at least 1 tattoo \ 
get back into a shape\ 
anybody have any suggestions ??? 
you'll never know 
i'm about to roam the country stabbing hookers in the eye with a < PROPMALE > spoon .... 
the evolution of high schoolers ... \ 
freshman : try to be friends with everyone\ 
sophmores : try to be popular\ 
juniors : try to get laid\ 
seniors : hate everyone else lol 
let me go crazy on yoooooouuuuuuu 
cleaned up clean cut and clean shaved . interview . 
lifting and such . nothin feels quite the way it should .... thats what you get for thinking i guess . I know what i deserve . 
its been a long time since i felt this fuckin stupid . least this time it aint my fault . 
... But what happens when < PROPFEMALE > , turns right around and bites you ? \ 
on a scale of 1 to 10 i'm about a 6 million on the frustration scale . because i cant tell if nothings wrong ... or everythings wrong .... 
lifes not easy . i'm not scared of hard work . i've given up too easy in the past . now i wont give up at all . i wont give up on you even after youve given up on yourself . i'm not going anywhere unless you tell me to . 
You can't teach loyalty . 
lol so madea goes to jail was totally funnier than i thought it was gonna be xD 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the GUTS to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
Say , blah , blah , blah , just a jacking their jaws\ 
Got a letta roll off-a my back\ 
I don't give a dern what other people think\ 
What do ya think about that 
guess i know all i need to know .... 
FACEBOOK IS A WHORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
......... 
This is one of the few times I'll admit it to the world , but I'm not perfect . I'm complicated yet simple , strong yet weak , great but flawed . But I'll always be me . I know what I want , and what I don't . I know how to treat someone right , cause I've been done wrong . If you're just not that into me , then tell me ..... 
if you sleep in shifts and wake up 5 times in 3 hours cause you miss someone ... you might be in love ... heres your sign 
today has been ssssllllllllooooooowwwwwwwwwwww 
i met this girl and i dont know what she was after , shes so sweet but shes a natural disaster .... 
so every other time i've been electrocuted im usually fine . this time i'm all hot and my skins still tingly , hmmm ..... 
when you're down and god gives you lemons ... you find a new god ! 
sometimes you go crazy when the ones you need arent there for you .... 
back to fake it till you make it .... 
If you kick my < PROPMALE > , I won't break you're balls\ 
If you get drunk and vomit on me\ 
I'll make sure you get home safely\ 
If you cross the road and a truck struck you\ 
... And scrape you up and reconstruct you\ 
I'll cheer you up if you're depressed\ 
If you get murdered I'll avenge you're death\ 
... \ 
Friends borrow money never pay It back\ 
Friends do not let friends do crack\ 
Friends go out and grab a snack 
life sucks for everyone lately .... 
if i came with a warning label ... what would it say ?.. be honest and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you 
did you fall did you break did you make a mistake did you lose how it felt to win ? \ 
dont tell me that its over now ... if i said the right thing , if i say the wrong , if i showed you my biggest scar where i once had a heart , im sorry but youre all that i want ... 
________ 
You don't drown because you're afraid of water . You drown by staying under it . 
loves like a bird , hold it too tight and it dies , not hold enough and it flies away ... if it comes back it was meant to be . if not then it aint for me . 
loves like a bird , hold it too tight and it dies , not hold enough and it flies away ... if it comes back it was meant to be . if not then it aint for me . \ 
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right ... 
No ... just , fucking , no . 
eminem and lifting only a few things are better 
foooooooooddddddd 
Did you fall , did you break ? \ 
Did you make a mistake ? \ 
Did you lose how it felt to win ? \ 
Don't tell me that it's over now \ 
If I said the right thing , if I said the wrong \ 
If I showed you my biggest scar \ 
Where I once had a heart 
lost in the mood ....... 
FML , lather rinse repeat . 
ever wonder if theres someone out there as messed up as you ? 
Live the way you think is right , and if there is a god , be judged for being who you are , pay the consequences . If he loves you , he won't damn you to hell for eternity for stealing a pack of gum . 
I might have a reckless streak at least a country mile wide , if youre gonna run with me its gonna be a wild ride , when it comes to lovin you , i've got < PROPFEMALE > hands , i'll show you how a real bad boy can be a real good man 
not even close to ready ........ 
FACEBOOK MAKES ME WANT TO ROAM THE COUNTRY STABBING HOOKERS IN THE EYE WITH A < PROPMALE > FUCKIN SPOON 
Lord , I'm twisted . yeah . Lord , I'm twisted . oh yeah\ 
I dont know , I dont know , I dont know\ 
If I should wait or should I go , I just dont know . \ 
I'm gonna stay and stick it out for once . 
Best friends : Dont get mad when you beat the shit out of eachother 
And if you ask me too\ 
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird\ 
I'mma give you the world\ 
I'mma buy a < PROPFEMALE > ring for you\ 
I'mma sing for you\ 
I'll do anything for you to see you smile\ 
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine\ 
I'mma break that birdies neck\ 
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya\ 
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad 
Be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everybody you meet . 
You will receive a body in life . You may like it or hate it , but it's yours to keep for the entire period . Make it what you want it to be . 
What has four legs and an arm ? A happy pit bull . > : D 
i love you babyy !!! :) -your awesome girl brittttneyyy <3 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Back to the waiting game . Start work on Monday (: 
Chillin like a villain with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > (: 
tired headache things to do things to look forward to hopefully 
I want to bounce my head off hard objects until i'm no longer conscious . But i was cursed with a head harder than ... well i havent been unconscious yet . 
Ever feel like lifes out to get you and everyone you know ? 
(: packin up stuff . 
im always right about the things i wish i was wrong about and wrong about the things i wish i was right about . 
=\\ 
peace out facespace mybook and whatever else . you know how to get a hold of me . 
I was born the day you kissed me , and i died the night you left me , but i lived , oh how i lived , while you loved me . 
Fuck ... 
just had probly the most interesting conversation of my life . with a complete stranger . it was very helpful .... 
The only thing you can do from your past is learn from it , not relive it , not redo it , not undo it , just grow from it . I've learned dont throw a good thing away , dont burn your bridges , dont push away those who care . For lots of reasons . 
This is painful to watch .... 
superbowl was dissapointing , work tomorrow . long drive home . 
how akwardly true at this moment in my life ... 
you think you've seen love , you aint seen nothin yet , cause i aint ready to quit , dont start thinkin im ready to stop , im givin it all i got . 
i dont just wanna make love , i wanna make love last . 
have to work tomorrow >=\\ gonna be a long day . 
But I do love you\ 
You keep me believin ' that you love me too\ 
And I know it's true\ 
This love drives us crazy but nobody's walkin ' away\ 
So , I guess we'll to do it the hard way 
bitches and hoes . 
I hate ppl . Specially ones that cant drive ! Put it in D it stands for ... Fuckin Go ! 
days are hard , nights are the worst .... 
often times we're the ones that make lives hard for ourselves .... its fucked up but true . 
Landed in St < PROPFIRST > missouri ... Wooo ? 
Nothin like walkin around st < PROPFIRST > lookin for something to do ... Someone entertain me damnit . 
Someone make this night less fuckin retarded . Please . If you cant then just shoot me now . 
I swear if someone tries that shit again i'm gonna climb the side of this fuckin hotel and put my left boot heal through their fuckin chest . 
Finally a halfway decent mood . Somethin to look forward to (: 
I think my love for workin out has been rekindled . Lets hope i dont hurt myself again . hopefully this weekend will turn out good 
Fuck me runnin . Just cant win no matter what . Fml rather rinse repeat . 
Cant wait to get out of class and go for a run . Pass the time free my mind change it up and fuckin relax a little . 
1 mile aint shit 2 < PROPMALE > better yet 3 < PROPMALE > thats my style 
' mmmmmm budweiser 
another interesting conversation with a total stranger .... And they keep telling me what i already know . I just dont know how to make the things happen 
< PROPMALE > . Wise . Er . Epipheny while drinking ? Coincidence i think not . Never thought id be glad to go back to ohio . 
ima take a nap and skip lunch . Fuck this . Hopefully the weekend is better . 
too bad so sad . 
No Sprinkles .... for every sprinkle I find , I shall kill you .... 
gotta love waking up in the middle of the night thinkin bout stuff . 
On the real.to my friends that are there with unquestioning loyalty and limitless commitment thanks for not bein punk bitches that run at the first sign of trouble or stab me in the back . Life aint easy but yall help . Just thought you guys should know . 
Im as cold as a cold wind blows when it snows and its 20 below . I dont wanna be treated like everyone else in your life . cause im not everyone else . But fuck it . Now im ruined . Back to basics . 
Is someone else callin you baby goodbye aint ever easy so lay it on me hard . im goin out with someone too . Id much rather b somewhere with u 
i just wanna KILLLLLL 
i think people will stop blowing me off if i just punch them in the mouth . 
And I'm here now feeling the pain\ 
Of a thousand hearts\ 
Been to hell and back again\ 
I won't take this\ 
You try so hard to bring me down\ 
You can't break the broken 
bout fuckin time i had a good weekend . even if it was just one night . i deff needed this after all the bullshit lately . 
youll look in the mirror and ask where did i go wrong . But the list goes on and on . 
lifting and music . work in the morning . i hate seein people make mistakes i've made ... especially when theyre the ones you have to let them learn on their own . 
i said buy lemon curd woodhouse ! now what am i going to spread on my toast , YOUR TEARS ? 
its that feelin you get when you'd rather rip your heart out your chest , throw you middle finger up and scream i dont give a fuck . ima fuckin ice cube . we're all better off that way . 
Is your life everything you hoped it'd be ? The wrong guy the wrong place the wrong situations well why dont you come roll with me ? 
< PROPFIRST > Alfrey : dude i love you , < PROPMALE > Martin : are you trying to get in my pants ?, < PROPFIRST > Alfrey : yes if thats what it takes to get a dip from you ..... 
I know those dreams youre tryna < PROPMALE > and you want em now but they wont wait . Just keep in mind .... 
I might be able to get an amateur fight should i do it ? 
It was fate until you intervened . 
Its not what it could of been or should of been . Its what it is . I saw sparks i swear i did . like a tornado having sex with an earthquake in a volcano during an electrical storm , just all kinds of badass . 
Tell me what you know about dreamin’ dreamin’\ 
you don't really know about nothin’ nothin’\ 
tell me what you know about them night terrors every night\ 
5 am , cold sweats wakin’ up to the skies 
gonna start training for my first fight . Rah ! any suggestions ? 
I fuckin hate liars . I have when i believe them even more . 
hmmmm < PROPMALE > evans tonight ? i think so :) 
I want a truck somethin to toy with and go muddin in . 4x4 not a ford . Lemme know if you see somethin . 
had a good ngiht last night (: i think im on my way to a better me . ready or not here i come i spose . 
To all the people i've offended , yeah fuck you too , to all the friends i used to have , i miss my past , but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass . 
lookin for a mud runner lemme know if you see somethin 
When god gives you lemons u find a new god . When u watch your life walk out on u you get a new life . When ur lost u ask for directions . Only you can follow them 
wooo gotta love gettin paid for full time (: gotta love country gotta love havin real friends gotta love bein a halfway decent person . lookin for a sturdy 4x4 lemme know if you see somethin . 
why is it the chicks i get along with best are too fucked up for a relationship ? to all the guys that fucked them over i sincerely wish to break your kneecaps and your teeth . twice . just sayin . 
What do u want from me . Im tellin you i dont have time for this . Neither do my friends . 
roses are red violets are blue i have five fingers and the middle ones for you . 
Her evaluation of my cowboy reputation had me beggin for salvation all night long ... save a horse ride a cowboy 
I'm doin alright for the shape i'm in . I'm doin better at barely gettin by . 
lookin to sell my car 5500 or so let me know if you know someone that might be interested 
Finally off the job . Now back to the shop . Gotta love 11 hour days . i wanna enjoy this weekend give me ideas 
Waverly and the people there are awesome Party again tonight ? I think so . Time to get hammered again . Good times good times . 
Somethin i learned from that blueyed girl sometimes you just gotta give it a whirl 
i think i miss the kid more than the girl .... 
Almost done with my car . Pain in the ass but not bad for the first clutch . Gonna be late to work though . Good weekend made some new friends . Good times . 
You know who else is good looking ? ....... ME !!! 
just put together brads subs they sound pretty sick . work in the a.m. back to the daily grind 
slow day at the shop , work out to some rock music ? i think so .... 
good workout . work in the a.m. git r done . 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is\ 
to hold her when I'm not around\ 
when I'm much too far away\ 
We all need that person who can be true to you\ 
But I left her when I found her\ 
And now I wish I'd stayed\ 
' Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired\ 
I'm missing you again oh no\ 
Once again 
WHATS YOUR FAVORITE INSULT ? 
wish i could party . but no . work in the morning . on a saturday . all fucking day . homosex . 
PARTY HARDY IN WAVERLY [: 
who's in a good mood ? this guy [:< waverly never dissapoints (: \ 
had 300 bucks walked away with a . 380 2 twelves and a 1200 watt amp ran the piss out of my car got shot in the neck got pretty drunk . good times good times (: 
FRANKENSPEAKER PROJECT FOR THE WEEKEND 7 12'S AND A 10 IN ONE CAR . LETS DO IT . 
have too many projects in the works ..... faster car bigger truck more guns tattoos speakers fighting parties .... i say we combine them all and have a weekend of awesome .... goin to the gym 
off work . now to clean out the gaping hole in my hand and close it up 
I guess thats just the cowboy in me ... 
fixed half the squeek in my car now to the other half ! took it out and ran 133 and ran out of road .... bitch tits .. 
first game of pong .... Win . Like A Boss 
off work for the day after drinkin for st pattys day . 45 minutes of sleep . since wedsnday . should i drink some more and work on my car today ? 
party tonight ? all nighter to work tomorrow at 730 a.m. then sleep then party saturday ? sounds great to me hahahaha 
Girl just so you know it don't rain forever , it cant rain forever 
might be tradin my car for a mustang hmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
All the mistakes , \ 
One life contained \ 
They all finally start to go away \ 
Now that we're here its so far away \ 
And I feel like I can face the day \ 
I can forgive and I’m not ashamed to be the person that I am today 
5 ft truck and a civic ? i think so . 
got back from my lady friends :D at steak n shake with < PROPFIRST > . I think i can say im startin to love my life . Like a boss 
rear wheel drive is fun . not sure i like the mustang though \\= cant wait to get that truck . 
My truck is comin in on saturday (: roll with the good times . 
gotta love when good things dont work out ..... 
since when do i care if somethings a good idea or not when it comes to somethin or someone that makes me happy ???? 
I dont love you . Now if youll buy that ive got some ocean front property in arizona . if youll buy that ill throw the < PROPFEMALE > gate in free ... 
Tell me how im not good enough Tell me how im never gonna amount to anything Tell me that you hate me Tell me what i used to hear Tell me how you dont know me . 
if you april fools me i will punch you in the genitals . twice . 
off work . nothin to do . wtf ? 
-sigh- :( second job ? not like i have anythin better to do 
who wakes up randomly at 3 a.m. when they have to go to work in a few hours ? this guy .... 
guess who is eatin a whole pizza and a root beer float for lunch . This guy . then back to work 
Fml . Lather rinse repeat . Big nasty is bein trailered in in the morning . Got 12 hours today . Woo ? 
I was wondering why these grapes tasted like a mixture of metal and dirt ....... 
Nobody knows is but me .... 
