is planning his trip to California ! 

is leaving by the end of this week ! 
:D 
is leaving .. not on a jet plane .. I know when I'll be back again .. ( I guess it's not as catchy ) 
is gone ! 
Is in California ! .. not in L.A. , just hanging out in Idyllwild for a couple days ! 
going into the city tomorrow to find a place to live . the roommates seem like they'd be pretty cool , so wish me luck ! 
Is in the Treehouse in L.A. ! ( Apparently < PROPMALE > Morrison lived in one of these apartments ! ) 
You know something is about to go wrong when you meet the perfect girl . 
has most of the good pictures up so check them out ! It was an amazing trip ! 
erg 
I'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laughing at myself , lol 
I'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laughing at myself , lol . I'll put up a website soon . 
I'm checking out my headshots and can't help but laugh at myself , lol . I'll put up a website soon . 
I am very sick of looking at myself .. 
had a very interesting day . and got a second look from the actress who plays < PROPFEMALE > in that 70s show . :) 
I'm going with this one ! ( for now , but the others are still available , haha ) Thanks everyone for all your help ! :D 
just finished reserving some LOVE .. I wish it was that easy all the time .. 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It was wonderful ! 
is PISSED !! I'm tired , have been packing , decided to skip Death Valley so I would have some much needed energy for Vegas , and I get a FOURTH parking ticket for blocking the sidewalk when I was packing my car .. and it says on the comment for my ticket that the vehicle had no activity ! No activity ?! WHAT ??!! F**KERS ! I've wasted 200 hundred dollars on your BS half-assed reasons for ticketing a car with MD tags !! }: [ 
is in Alabama having a great time ! 
Sorry if I don't reply to your comments , posts , et cetera . I'll be busy . Had the best summer of my life ! And now I'm even more excited about this wild ride that is life ! .. Also if you commented on a wall post recently odds are I didn't get it because I was getting rid of other stuff and think I deleted those notifications . :S 
Sorry if I don't reply to your comments , posts , et cetera . I'll be busy . Had the best summer of my life ! And now I'm even more excited about this wild ride that is life ! .. Also if you commented on a wall post recently odds are I didn't get it because I was getting rid of other stuff and think I deleted those notifications . :S SOOO .. comment on it again please . :) 
is home ! 
wishes he did not try to find picture of the awesome hike we took during which my camera got lost because the pictures we took were better !! 
just got a call to be on Madmen - too bad I'm 3 time zones away .. 
is an idiot 
' s back to normal 
wishes I could have one more week . Still need to go camping , canoeing , caving , climbing .. hm .. what else starts with a \c \"?" 
What a night ! 
is now certified to play with guns .. theatrical - BUT STILL DEADLY - guns :) 
Why did I have to wait to do my homework on the first beautiful day in a while ! 
needs a break 
is ready and set . The starting gun will fire soon and I will < PROPMALE > . 
It's such a beautiful day ! .. too bad I have a performance tonight .. Can't wait to go enjoy the outdoors on Sunday ! 
wants an apple 
is tired .. done with one show and on with another . 
doesn't have rehearsal tomorrow ! Holy shit ! A day off !!!!!!!! 
I'll miss you , pup :`( 
ugh 
Where is the sun !!?? Come back ! I need that funky high from the yellow sun . 
just played with broad swords ! AWESOME ! 
Isn't it strange ? How we move our lives for another day ? It's like skippin ' a beat 
is trying to reply to the comments I got but it's not working .. 
wants to stop going to class and wants to go hiking . 
just had a waste of a weekend . 
went swimming this weekend . outside ! 
just thought of the perfect line today .. about 2 sec . too late . Shucks ! 
Why can't this rain be snow ?! 
is almost done < PROPFIRST > Brown's new book ! But needs sleep .. :( 
SNOW !!! :D .. bout time .. 
There's snow and ice on the ground and it thunders ? Oh Frostburg ... 
really wants to go rock climbing . hope it at least stays above 30 
is getting back to adding music to my iTunes ! 
loves snow ! About time .. but bad timing . 
wants to go hiking so he can use all the new stuff he got ! 
Well shit . Applications due Feb . 1st ? Apparently applications due before the quota is filled . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... 
is going to Mexico !! 
Not only is < PROPFIRST > going to Mexico this month , but now he's also going back to the awesome desert ! ( provided I'm not working at the time .. ) 
what is this shit ? 
This shit is nuts ! I Love It ! 
was just hanging out in an igloo < PROPFIRST > and I built ! 
We all float on okay 
I think I'm going to miss this daily workout of shoveling snow ... 
just sang the worst he has ever < PROPFIRST > on stage in his life .. on a Broadway stage , with the set of Avenue Q behind him ... epic fail 
Had an awesome weekend in Annapolis/Philly ! 
Doesn't know where his phone is .. so if you need to get a hold of me .. best bet is calling ( 301 ) 689-5064 .. or send me a message on here or an email mrbowling0@frostburg.edu 
Found my phone ! .. and more importantly , found my water bottle !!! 
This is nice . First Saturday in a while when I can just chill . 
is having outdoor adventure withdrawal :( 
Does anyone who is in or around Frostburg want to drive away from this rain and go camping ? 
is going to potentially going to be doing a lot of driving this week .. Here to New York to Annapolis to New York to Baltimore and back 
is in his hotel room in New York . It's comparable in size to his old apartment on Center Street ! 
just got his hair cut ! 
does not want to do this dialect work .. 
Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others . 
is Capt'n < PROPFIRST > ! 
That thing I sent everyone about IKEA was BS . Thought I'd take a < PROPMALE > . Sorry everyone ! 
thinks this background check for volunteering to help choreograph fights for West Side Story is a bit much .. or at least the video is .. 
is ready for a knife fight inside Folsom Prison !! Haha , yea right .. 
this weekend is going to be an epic adventure-filled fun time ! 
Why is it only Wednesday !?!? 
is excited for his rendezvous with his cougar lover , Mother Nature 
and then when I get to the ocean I'm gonna take a boat to the end of the world 
can't wait to have an audience !! 
Thanks for everyone who came tonight and helped us have a great opening ! 
It is SOOOO nice out !! 
sent his application and deposit in for Stunt School !!! 
is ready to fight !! GRRR :D 
Had an awesome day ! And as a bonus , passed his fights , and now is certified in 6 of 8 main weapons ! 
is gonna teach how to shank , Folsom Prison style ! 
dialects is kicking my ass . why did i choose Iraeli ?? 
Just got a call from < PROPFIRST > Boushey , Founder of the United Stuntmens ' Association , and I am in ! 
Is possibly more excited about going to the National Parks in Washington than Stunt School itself .. it's gonna be another amazing summer !!! 
Watch Religulous !! 
keeps forgetting he has no more work to do !! 
What a great day mountainbiking in Savage River State < PROPMALE > ! 
Hello hail ! 
Wild Things now has the best pizza in Frostburg . Expensive , but hopefully that'll go down . 
needs to get back in shape . And tonight was a good start ! 
had a four hour \nap\ " today from being knocked out and now can't sleep and is bored . clean the room ?? " 
is outta here !! :) 
is back . for now . 
Packing up my life .. well , at least the stuff I need for my drive west , for stunt school , and whatever else I can fit . 
is in Seattle ! 
Day one : Falls , falls , falls , rolls , more falls , some more rolls , diving rolls , one punch . Moderately sore ( BEFORE sleep . We shall see if that changes in the morning . ) 
Anyone wanna ( and able to ) come to Seattle at the end of Aug . and accompany me during the car ride to wherever I go next ? ( Las Vegas or California most likely . ) Must be willing to camp , possibly sleep in a car for a night or three , and make me sandwiches while driving so we can eat on the go ! 
fell down stairs today . Many times . It was apparently not my lucky day . :P It was a blast !! ... and then I sort of got blasted off a mini tramp ( and I'm not talking about a slutty midget ) onto a mat ! 
You say jump , I say how much will you pay me ? 
Had a great birthday ! Thanks everyone for all the good wishes ! 
Trust in God . But tie your camel first . 
thought about all he has to do before leaving Seattle . Like looking for auditions , and updating his resume , and sending letters to people ...... 
is going to LA and doesn't have a place to stay ! Anyone want to put me up for a night ? Or know of anyone who could ? Does anyone need a roommate , or know someone who does ? If not , where's a cheap place to live ?!?! 
Is in LA ! Good to be back ! 
They called him Blackheart . He was bold and bawdy . Cunning and cutthroat . Sexy and seductive . He came from no where and broke hearts everywhere . 
Wow . Just watched the most recent Burn Notice . Wow 
It is SOOOO great to see many of my friends from last year !!!! 
Back home for a week ! Hit me up ! 
Dunc's tonight ( for a little bit ) , Wild Things tomorrow ! 
Wild Things this evening . 
Wild Things again tonight if anyone's interested . Going a little after 10 
Is in L . A ... again ... It was great seeing everyone ! Love and miss you all ! 
just wants to have a place to put my stuff !! 
just looked again at the FSU theatre department's shows , and really wishes I was there to be a part of them , or at least see them .. 
just saw a guy wipe out on a skateboard riding down the street , hahaha 
found a place to live and is no longer a gypsy !! 3 bed , 2 bath in North Hollywood ! Now time to not be unemployed ... 
hopefully will be getting representation this weekend !! :D 
misses Winter Weather Advisories .. now \cold\ " is below 60 " 
has an agent !!! :D 
Thanks to anyone who already commented on my photos . I had to delete the album cuz I got rid of a few bad pictures so I could fit all of them into one album .. and now I'm reloading them . 
Has new headshots and needs people to comment ! I'm going to use one from each look , so if you can say one or two from each look that you like , that would be great ! Thanks !! 
Down to 47 pictures from 209 !! Still have some more narrowing down to do .. 
really needs to get outside and do something adventurous 
Will be back in Frostburg from December 16th to January 3rd !!! 
Who out of Frostburg students will still be around late finals week ? I come home the 16th and want to see as many people as I can before you all leave for break . 
\As a people we are here to learn . It is the act of learning that justifies our continued existence . \ " Think about it . Explains a lot ! " 
Had a great day of climbing ! I'll be feeling it in the morning . 3 Days til in MD , 4 til Frostburg ! 
had an amazing night watching shooting stars while overlooking Malibu ! It's been a great week so far - climbing and a meteor shower in So . Cal .! And it's gonna get even better cause I'm 2 days away from home with friends and family :D 
Is back in wonderful , snowy Frostburg !! Good to be home 
Anyone watch American Ninja Warrior ? If you do , you'll know < PROPFIRST > is a little bitch ! 
Good day , sunshine ! 
Beach yesterday for a bit , snowshoeing tomorrow ! Oh how I love Southern Callifornia ! 
AHHHH ! I JUST LOST EVERYTHING from my computer ! Pictures , documents , music , GONE ! :'( Oh boy . 
Fergie's rendition of Sweet Child O Mine made my ears bleed 
I do believe my Frostburg email account is finally ending . I cannot update my password , so I think eventually it will expire , not allowing me to get on that email ... 
was just checking out some old pictures and miss my friends SOOOOOO much . From people I've been hanging out with up until the last day I was in the burg to the seniors I haven't seen since my freshman year at Frostburg . Love you all . 
\thrill-seeking wayward dreamer \"" 
is thinking of cutting his hair short again . Probably will soon . 
Anyone in LA wanna go bunjee jumping ? $80 for one jump 
Zeitgeist Day 2011 . Watch the movies ( or just one ) . I dare you . 
passed 2 accidents on the way home last night ( one of which caused the police to close the highway , ) and saw someone spin out right in front of him . These Angelinos don't know much about driving in the pouring rain , apparently . 
So I just happened to notice this ad on here that shows a taco the size of a toddler with the caption \365 Things to do in Orange County before you die\ " and I couldn't help but think that I hope whoever does that has accomplished the other 364 first . " 
LOVES the fact that Pandora just played Mrs. Robinson on their Indie Rock station ! 
