crushed his phone . I feel like I'm on a deserted fucking island . 

gets to play with a real NSX next week , lets go Mr. Honda ! 
Such a beautiful day ! Too bad I'm stuck at UL because the < PROPFEMALE > sucked up a bunch of water . 
NSX's or Accords , it doesn't really matter wat < PROPFEMALE > you can afford . RSX or S2000 , bitches be like < PROPFIRST > brite and wanna crowd around him . CRX or prelude , bitches holla ' hey you wanna race dude ? ' 
Let me fix you a Type-R burger with some Vtec sauce , you can't beat my Honda that shit is the mutha fuckin boss . 
I found a way , to steal the sun from the sky ! I live that day , that I decided to fly ! From the insde ! 
is going to miss , \HI < PROPFIRST > MAYS HERE TO SCREAM ABOUT SHIT YOU DONT WANT TO BUY ! \ " RIP < PROPFIRST > Mays . " 
If I hear another < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > joke involving wieners , burgers , buns or legos I am going to punch someone in the face . 
You need to find , so you feel safe at home , don't look behind , cause you are not alone ... anymore . MIND CONTROL ! Gotta keep your head strong . MIND CONTROL ! Make your own opinion . - Tantric 
Just got his PGR4 disc to work . Preparing for some Toyko domination . 
Speed ... 
Apocalyptica , metal by cello . Amazing . 
< PROPFIRST > Swayze ! No ! May there be an ass kicking roadhouse up top man . Peace . 
is almost done upgrading his cold air modulation compressor . 
is playing a dangerous game and loving every minute of it . 
might slightly damaged a gallopalooza with his fatness . 
might have slightly damaged a gallopalooza with his fatness . 
has some advice : Piss lightning , shit success . 
is goin places .... as soon as he gets up . 
wants some damn snow ! 
is : fuck mountain dew . I'm jacked on Monster and doin ' English papers ! 
Can't wait to hit up Paoli Peaks ! SNOW !!! 
first I get my face hit with a Nerf sword and then I get slammed into the corner of a table . I will get you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ... Just wait ... 
can't wrestle . 
got an Xbox steering wheel and Dirt 2 for the Xbox 360 . Never have I looked so retarded yet had so much fun . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
beat COD MW2 and still doesn't like it . I'll stick to pretending im a race car driver in Dirt 2 . 
went to paoli and found out he was pretty damn good at snowboarding . 
New phone coming in tomorrow . Can't wait . 
new phone is here . It's TIGHT ! LG Chocolate Touch ftw . 
is going to do good in school this semester . It makes sooo much more sense when you pay attention ... 
Love the smell of sunrise and everything becomes so clear . I wish time would stand still and if this was a film , we would watch the clip all day , like a portrait of you and I .... 
successfully changed the alternator , removed and reinstalled the supercharger , and adjusted the sway bar of a < PROPFEMALE > C230 Kompressor with a box of tools , a < PROPFIRST > and a < PROPMALE > Mikesell . Thanks dude , this is gonna work ! 
has got 800 pounds of expensive German-engineering hanging on an engine stand made in < PROPFEMALE > with a couple tires and wood blocks for support . Crossing fingers . 
watched The Brave Little Toaster for the first time since I was like 5 . Best movie ever . 
is wtf is up with facebook spamming me saying people are tagging vids and pics of me ? I don't want to buy car insurance , a bunk muscle builder or damn gutter shields , quit spamming me ! 
It's been a longtime comin ' , and the tables turned around . Cause one of us is goin , one of us is going down . I'm not runnin , it's a little different now . Cause one of us is goin , one of us is going down ! This hardly worh , fighting for , but it's the little things , that I can't ignore . With my fist in your face , and your face on the floor ... 
is studyin . Statics test on my birthday , yahoo ! 
People know there are definate things that no one can lie about or fake but 1000 years ago people also knew the world was flat . People will never cease to amaze me , myself included . 
Only 364 days , 1 hour and 13 minutes until my real birthday starts . 
has a terrible joke to tell . After doing a brake job on my Merceedes I have more cuts on my hands than a Haitian trapped in a glass factory . Sorry just had to get that out . 
is , dayum Saints ! Givin those little blue ponies sumthin to worry about ! 
Welcome to your new , confusing-ass home < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Pullin ' the engine on the < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait ! Ultimate Sleeper v2 . 
This is one hell of a mix ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vyLbW9adRg&feature=related 
is trapped in Snowpocalypse v2 ! 
You know what . I've heard the < PROPFEMALE > song from Team < PROPFEMALE > a hundered times but I've never seen the movie . Fuck yea ! 
We all got a hillbilly bone down deep insideNo matter where you from you just can't hide itAnd when the band starts banging and the fiddle sawsYou can't help but hollering , < PROPFEMALE > Haw ! When you see them pretty little country queensMan you gotta admit that's in them genesAin't nothing wrong , just getting on yourhillbilly bone-ba-bone-ba-bone-bone 
got himself some engine parts , some material to build a new turbo manifold , some new intercooler piping and , oh yea , a big ass turbocharger . Can't really see the hood closing with this setup . 
is throughly fucking pissed . Lesson learned . Never stick a semi truck < PROPFIRST > in your trunk :( . 
is getting dominated by physics homework and a general lack of an attention span . 
is wondering how Honda manages to put the simpliest things in the most retarded spaces . I just want to reconnect a damn wire ! 
Soooooooooooooooooy < PROPFEMALE > perdedor . I'm a loser baby , so why don't you kill me ? Get crazy with the cheese whizz ... 
Rednecks are actually working class people ? who are outside busting their backs so lazy pastey assed fags can sit and bitch about their problems and mock those who work to solve their own .. 
So they are making a Cowboy Bebop movie next year ... TIGHT ! 
worked on a big box Chevy with crank windows and automatic start . If I stand too close the car alarm might bark . Oh yea and it's gotta Ice Cream Paint I-I-Ice Paint Job . 
needs to dehomelessize and go somewhere . 
Starburst jelly beans , solid chocolate bunnies and a beautiful day ? Can this get any better ? I believe not . 
Got to drive a G500 and change a wheel bearing on an NSX for Zander < PROPFEMALE>'s friend . Life = Complete . 
I'm sittin on top of a mountain . She's rockin that valley down below Switch back to the beat with the blindfold Bummin down at the top of my lungs screaming noooOOOOooo Straight out on a headwall oooooOOOooh Turned into a free throw . 
will do backflips for a dollar . 
Is not enjoying installing < PROPMALE>'s clutch . 
is going to burn Dereks car to the Earth . 
Owning a dog in the city is like saying your need for companionship is stronger than your distaste for picking up shit . 
Hmmm ... Drive by Wire Individual Throttle Bodies . Sounds like something I could pull off . I even got a little Scion here to try it on :D . 
is eating some ballin string cheese . 
Find a quiet place and sit comfortably on the ground with your back straight . Make sure you are in a comfortable postion . Close your eyes , breath in through your nose .... hold ..... exhale and release all your tensions ...... relax ...... feel your self relaxing . 
ITB's come in tmw . Can't wait to get those bad boys goin . 
Say what you say . Do what you do . Feel what you feel as long as it's real . 
< PROPFEMALE > Kagan plays softball , drinks beer , plays poker , and isn't a fan of brautwurst . So she's a single 50 year old , softball playing , beer drinking , poker fan who doesn't enjoy a big juicy sausage ? 
Beer makes corn , corn makes whiskey , whiskey makes our girls ... get a little frisky . I heard that on a New Country station today and thought , \That sounds like a in-depth breakdown of date rape .... \ " :| " 
Observe and Report ... Why the hell didn't I watch that movie before ? Freakin hilarious . 
What's up Brochacho ? 
feels totally and absolutely drained . What a weekend ... 
was told that he was dumb enough to invent the football bat ..... I believe it . 
I forgot how much filing piston rings SUCKED 
finally got a job . Woo ! 
Burn Notice is my shit . 
It's been 3 long years but Futurama is back ! 
Another great day at the best summer job ever . 
Imagine you had to run back and forth for 10 hours fixing a bunch of shitty cars .......... Congradu-fucking-lations you've imagined my day . 
Why must the most invicible men in our lives wither ? The kind of men you looked up to as child , the kind of men that struck fear in your heart when you acted out of turn , the kind of men that were so silently proud of the way you were growing up and the kind of men you never thought you were going to lose ... 
Finally got the ARP headstuds in and got that damn Scion tC engine built . Just waiting on the intake manifold and aluminum plate to make an adapter plate for the RX-8 throttle body . 
I looked up to him , I wanted to grow up like him and I loved him like a father but there's nothing left to say except he is gone . 
Children some how always seem to brighten your darkest moments . When Kaleb said \hi papa\ " as they brought < PROPFIRST > into the chapel I couldn't help but smile . It was the only thing that kept me together through the whole thing . " 
SHARKWEEK ! 
What my weekend entrailed : A nearmiss of getting punched in the face in Lexvegas , drifting a miata around a roundabout w/ a mall security < PROPMALE > , putting together a Scion TC(still ... ) and eating this cruncy plate of bacon I have bestowed upon myself whilst typing this message . 
So the manliest movie on the planet comes out tmw . Stallone , Schwartzenegger , Statham , Jet Fuckin < PROPFEMALE > !, and even more manly characters . Friday happens to be one of my days off so hell yea I'm ready for this testosterone injected film . 
Brainstorm\ 
take me away from the norm\ 
I got to tell you something\ 
this phenomenon\ 
I had to put it in a song\ 
and it goes like\ 
\ 
Whoa , < PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy\ 
whoa , shades of gold displayed naturally\ 
you ought to know what brings me here\ 
you glide through my head blind to fear\ 
and I know why\ 
whoa , < PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy\ 
whoa , shades of gold displayed naturally 
It took over 100 hours of work , a few trips to McDonalds and a Breathalyzer test but the Zombie TC is done . 
My dad had a laptop from ' 93 he gave me that ran Windows 3.1 and it went through 1 battery in the 15 years we had it . I've had my POS Lenvo laptop since ' 08 and so far I'm on my 3rd battery and 4th charger . I thought computers got better every year ? 
is fixin old reliable . 
They're back for my sweetness ! Save yourself Tasty !!! 
and < PROPFIRST > Rainville are 5/90 . 1/18 of the way there haha . 
worked on < PROPFIRST > Metz miata all day installing a header and fabricating a test pipe . Mission Success . Also now 8/90 . Workouts seem to be flying by now . 
Thanks to the new deck I can now sit outside with my laptop , be a lazy ass AND get on the internet . Life is good . 
P90X 10/90 . Seems to be going by faster . Lovin it . 
Broke the screen on my phone AGAIN . 
In 4 to 7 days I'll be able to read my text messages again .... 
Apparently it takes more than a freezer , a dove , and a popsicle stick to make a Dove bar . 
ROBOT DOLPHINS 
< PROPMALE > Sparks(yea gay whatever , go fuck yourself ) is such an extraordinary writer . The Choice was an awesome book , to bad none of my friends read . 
15/90 ... 
If I reach under my rib cage I can scratch my lung . 
p90x 23/90 
Jackass 3D on Oct . 15th . Can't freakin wait ! 
As it thunderstorms and lightning outside , < PROPMALE > Hughes has to fight urge to attempt to return his neighbors 8-foo t-t all CB antenna . 
22 unread txt's and I can't do a damn thing about it lol . Damn non-working touch screen .... 
Ugh ! No shoot fire stick in space canoe ! It cause explosive decompression ! 
Backflip tailwhip ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I wonder if Imogen Heap ever figured out what she said ? 
Sittin on the deck in this windstorm readin my book . The best part is the wind turns the < PROPFEMALE > for you ! 
What's racecar spelled backwards ? That's right ! FUCKING RACECAR . So which one's spelled fowards and which ones backwards ? racecar or racecar ? Boom .... 
My xbox is in precisely 43 pieces and I'm blasting the motherboard with a heat gun at 750 degrees . Reasoning ? It hasn't worked in five or six months and I've read over 30 books since then ..... I need my Xbox back .... 
What you think my pajama pants are gay ? Ask the fuckin bears printed on them if they're gay . They'll bite your neck off . 
I'm in a chair ! I'm in a chair ! Everybody take a good hard look at the motherfuckin chair ! 
Do the rules still apply if your gift horse has something stuck in it's mouth ? 
Fuck Manny , Moe and < PROPFIRST > . Manny can < PROPFIRST > my moe . 
I have fixed my phone for the 3rd god damn time . 2 screens and now a touch screen digitizer replaced , but all is well and now my phone doesn't look like a beat up piece of shit . 
Anybody remember the kids book about tikitikitembonosarembocharibar­iruchipiperipembo ? Bitches fallin in wells and shit ... 
I love showing up to work an hour late with no consequences . 
I had no idea < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg was an early 90's rapper .... Mind fuck . 
Lye is really hard to breathe in . Ow my respiratory system . 
I love my Russian hat . 
BURN NOTICE ! 
I require my engine back . Why do machine shops take so damn long ? 
Work + Loko = A decision so retarded it was genius . Air tools , heavy machinery , lifting cars ; what could possibly go wrong ? 
Attention : < PROPFIRST > was right , my phone now has another broken fucking screen . So if you have something to tell me then just call me . That is all .... piece of shit phone ... 
I like how the in the new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > game you can select which < PROPFIRST > you want . Before , inbetween or after plastic sugery haha . 
My mind is so dirty I make a coal miner look like Mr. Clean . 
Everyone knows you never go full retard . Rain man . Look retarded . Act retarded . Not retarded . 
If you need anything , you know who to look to .... someone else . 
IT'S BACK !!! Clue : It's got a huge V8 , it's big , it's convertible and I blew it up during highschool prom on I-64 . Anyone care to venture a guess as to what it is ? 
Experience : What you receive 3 seconds after you really needed it . 
I can't see the < PROPMALE > because of all these damn trees ! 
I like how even the most obvious avenues to pain are ignored when your determined to do something . Running up a half-pipe caked in ice just to see if you can do it ? Yeah that's one of those avenues and I have the busted < PROPFEMALE > to prove it . 
I actually got a snowboard ... This is the first time in the history of the Hughes family they have bought such a potentially dangerous device without my constant nagging . Definitely unexpected . TIME TO HURT MYSELF ! 
Got my board all waxed up . Looked easier in the videos than it was but fuck it , time to rock Paoli . 
Had a great time at Paoli . Learned to grind , air , spin and that you shouldn't < PROPFEMALE > back when you try to jump the biggest ramp they have . Ow my ass . 
Relaxing in the basement with yesterdays clothes on under a robe and a beat ass pair of slippers . The good life . 
I don't necessarily to be here for this ..... Mother fucker I'm awesome , no your not dude don't lie . I'm awesome , I'm drivin round in my moms ride . I'm awesome , a quarter of my life gone by and I met all my friends online . 
My hit man charges an arm and a leg but he delivers an arm and a leg . 
White Castle : You'll regret it in the morning . 
I want to turbocharge something .... Anybody got a spare riding lawnmower ? 
My weekend in a nutshell : Came within an ass hairs margin of driving my car down a 20 foot ditch , partied out in the Knobs and played N64 ... win . 
Homework or aimlessly browse facebook and rest of the internet ultimately accomplishing nothing ? hmmmmm ..... internet wins . 
Is it February 1st yet ? I would like to be 21 now . 
Don't try to run down the stairs and spin around at the same time . If your lucky like me you'll smack your < PROPFEMALE > on the corner of one of the steps ! 
Do you know what is the best god damned snack on Earth ? Pepperidge fucking Farm Cheddar GOLDFISH . Om nom nom . 
How good is my Chevette ? Well theres a huge puddle of liquid under it and it's not low on oil , transmission fluid and it has no power steering . It leaks liquid awesome . 
Ajax glass cleaner works great for cleaning grease and oil off your face .... and it leaves you with a fresh pine scent . 
And I'm 21 ...... to the liquor store . 
I don't have a single god damn traffic ticket or violation and somehow or the fucking other I have 6 points on my license . What the fuck Indiana . 
A few hours of sleep , copious amounts of alcohol , a man doing jumping jacks in a parking lot by himself and butt-cramps . My weekend . 
Bandit the Chevette(Shitvette ) almost lives ! It's got more dents than a golf ball , barely runs and is from the 80's but hopefully this trip to autozone will change the running part . 
I am so incredibly bored . This is why I don't sleep more than 5 hours a night , can't sleep the next one . 16 hours of sleep last night !? Christ , I'll be up for 2 more days ! 
You know you've successfully destroyed a bag of Doritos when everything you've touched is smeared with orange , flaky goodness . 
People must be drinkin too much from the retard hole because Inception was neither complicated nor hard to understand . 
I'll never drink that much again .... until next weekend . 
I haven't had the inclination to find or use my cell phone in the past 10 hours . What is wrong with me ? 
School , full time job , a turbocharged < PROPFEMALE > project and a SR20DET NX2000 project at the same time . Time management ? What the hell is that ? 
Another crappy day due to a lost cellular device . 
Aaaaaaand it's official I've read every < PROPMALE > Sparks novel and I'm still not gay . Check < PROPFIRST > on the Stupid-Things-Left-To-Do-Before-I-Die chart . 
Just watched a 20 year old win the Daytona 500 . Pretty sweet . 
Things < PROPMALE > truly does not understand : Competitive Cup Speed Stacking . A competition in which opponents try to stack and unstack plastic solo cups as fast as possible and in the process make more money than you do at your full time job ... WUT ? 
Why does everyone assume aliens probe people ? Are they collecting farts ? How much can they learn from an ass ? 
Got my new steering parts , springs and flares for the shitvette . Wide steelies are coming tmw . All I need now is to fix the idle in the old 1.6 lump until the new 2.0 goes in , then it's trail runnin time ! 
< PROPFIRST > Statham is so good you blow him up then steal his car and he blows you up because unbeknownst to you , you failed to blow him up because he is < PROPFIRST > Statham . 
Interesting weekend . Almost got punched at a bar , a hardass gave me a d-bag lecture , and I got to ride in a DMC DeLorean . It didn't travel back in time when we hit 88mph though :( . 
Facebook : Lets take that paper you could type in 30 minutes and stretch it out to about 3 hours . 
I now have an air compressor that can continously power all of my air tools . Take of your wheels ? No problem . Clutch change ? Hell yea . Cut your car in half ? Hell I'm sure it could manage that too . 
Chocolate chips , waffles , eggs , ham , bacon , all that shit , deep fried in beer batter and covered in < PROPFIRST > Daniels syrup ............... We're about to get drunk off pancakes . 
Cut the fenders for the flares on the Chevette , dropped the engine in a NX2000 for the SR20DET swap and .... oh yea , worked on a 65 Ferrari 330 GT 2+2 . Bitches . 
Good lord . Apparently last night was really bad for me but it's ok I can't remember shit . 
I get paid today in approximately 11 hours and 52 minutes and 35 seconds . Thinking too much about it ? Nah . 
Fever's suck , here it is 39 degrees outside and raining and I feel like I'm in the < PROPFEMALE > freakin Desert . 
Stop making fun of ? Japan , this is the biggest disaster they've had since Godzilla attacked . 
Drink and risk internal bleeding while on antibiotics or be responsible ... Well I pretty much know where this one's headed . To the bar ! 
If mama always said life is like a box of chocolates then this chocolate is the nasty < PROPFEMALE > filled one that no one likes . 
Supplies needed to tow < PROPMALE > Smith's Scion TC : Truck check , Tow Strap check , Tow Hook check , Cowboy Hat and Aviators check . 
Must resist the urge to scour the internet instead of doing homework .... must resist ... oh wait , I'm already on Facebook ... 
Reading a book , in a car on jackstands , listening to what is now pretty girl rock on the radio . Living the life . 
