got a wii this week , and loves it 

es en Florida , y mi familia es muy casada . si , es casada , no < PROPFEMALE > casada 
is sad that he will miss band camp for the 4th year in a row , but is so pumped for church camp . 
is looking for any pics from summer camp I was in . 
is so sad that school starts in a week , though it does mean seeing alot of friends 
is already is going back to cathedral today . man , summer sure passed by fast . 
just had a great time at gencon 
still needs to start his papers even though it is 3:00 
This is madness , THIS IS KEYESOPOLIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
how dare I be on facebtook when the game is about to start !!!!!! 
is studying for the Iliad . RUN , < PROPMALE > , RUN !!!!!! 
can't decide between watching the colts game tommorow or the heroes 2 hour season premiere . Decisions decisions . 
THE DOOR CAN SEE INTO YOUR MIND !!!! THE DOOR CAN SEE INTO YOUR SOOOOUUUL !!!!! Really ? Th-the door can do all that ? Heh No . 
is watching halo 3 top ten videos . A guy threw a sticky at an enemy , missed . It hit the elevetor , which sent it straight back . While avoiding the enemy , he gets stuck by his flying sticky . OUCH !!! 
loves that fall is finally here . Need jeans and a hoodie , but not frigid . Perfect weather . 
has to write a paper on the advantage broadcast media has in its relationship to the political process :( 
is having a scribblenautical time !!! ( it is a game fyi ) 
is so tired from the trip . and so sore . ugh . 
is done with his do/say/show/mean paper and his common app essay ! woot ! 
is so behind in physics . going to < PROPMALE > yesterday was a mistake from the schooling aspect 
has to write a personal statement for purdue tonight , even though I had not truely started and the real deadline isn't until Nov 15 
is almost done with his paper !!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Don't worry patriots . I saved a failure card just for you ... \"" 
is starting his AP gov't paper ... now ! I meannnnnn NOW ! nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnow ! ah , I will start eventually . 
may have a cold , but that didn't stop me from having a great thanksgiving . Hope everyone else had a great time !!!!!! 
didn't realize that vacation is for doing work , not relaxing . 
there sure is a lot to know about fusion power . I wonder if anyone else is still working on their physics debate ... Oh right , everyone !!!!!!!!!!! 
DECEMBER IS NATIONAL ' MAKE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE A POKEMON ' MONTH !! SWITCH NOW !! 
government vocab , religion test , psych project , psych test , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > DIED :( ?!?! Today sucks and isn't getting better . 
is so sad . memory eternal archbishop job . I really loved him , and he was the best archbishop I could ever have . You always came to our camp to talk to us , and I always enjoyed your company . 
All I want for christmas is an A in English ... 
done with finals !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wow , only one week left of break ... Short break sucks !! 
( 2 hours of sleep +12 hours of sleep)/2 = 7 hours of sleep for the last 2 days . That's enough ... right ? 
forgot how great a weekend is . 
saw the show \Worst Cooks in America\ " and I laughed and laughed ! " 
wow , I spent most of my saturday working on my english paper . I must be going crazy ! 
u best keep it up colts 
GO COLTS ! 
OMG the smoke moster is OP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
didn't see the moonwalking bear . LMAO 
so one day down , two to go . 
' s outline is his most ocd thing he has done . Three topics with three sections each , with each topic being explained with three points . and each point is intro/quote/explanation 
facebook looks so wierd now , but retreat was obviously worth everything ! 
is still working on god's time aka I have been wasting all my time so far . 
hates this paper !!! ARG !!!! 
Birthday was amazing . So glad we don't have school today ! 
physics project = done . The only calculation I care about now . 
even though the english packet is due wednesday , my dad is forcing me to go to a boy scout meeting I am not even in anymore . His reasoning : to support the troop . 
I think lacross is like soccer where you can beat each other with sticks . 
I am writing my psychology paper ... Wait , no I'm not ... IM ON FACEBOOK ! Must resist 
paper , paper , Im writing a paper . 
off to ireland 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > Trainor 
why can't it be friday already ? 
meatand dairy . Yeah , it is that simple . 
RIP Mrs. Fitz . You were the best teacher I had sophmore year , maybe ever . I never cam to see you oftem enough . I am so sorry for that . I love you so much . 
oh english paper . What do I have to do to get rid of you ? 
Wow , I can't believe my paper is going so well . It is a miracle ! 
mwah hah hah hah ! I only have to type up the edits for one paragraph and I am done with my paper ! one point for school ! MY SCORE TOTAL School-1 Senoritis- 1,000,000 
mon[X ] tues [ ] wed [ ] thurs [ ] fri [ ] 
so many graduation parties , so little time . Anyone know where to obtain a timeturner ? 
graduation ... hm ... 
lost will be on soon . Therefore , I won't be in contact for the next 3.5 hours 
back from camp . Soon I will be sleeping on an actual bed . 
back from summer camp ! Had an amazing time ! 
everyone else is already at school . What to do ? 
Off to college . Good luck everyone ! 
I finally got my school laptop ! 
first class with laptop available . Get away Facebook ! :) 
aint college grand ? 
The weekend . I had forgot how wonderful it feels 
Today's physics lab felt like mr. seal's class . Yeah , you should be scared . 
college prescreening of machete . Advice : This movie is awesome . Don't suppress feelings to laugh at it . It was made for you to laugh at . 
Get ready world , here I come ! 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
one more class ! 
I am finally on break ! 
shorter periods for class due to an event ? Sounds alot like CHS 
I am < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > becker , and i am awesome 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > , I want to go to bed , and yet I don't 
BLARG 
Our beaten , broken , spaztastic robot pulled out the victory in the end . It was grueling , but in end , there can be only 1 . 
That was quite an amazing day I had ; Lucky to have the best girlfriend ever ! 
well , it seems as if I have put homework off long enough . Time to get cracking ! 
week ten , more like week djdaoigdaiojIamsotiredofworkaocvjdijaofiejfoiadj 
officially 1 month dating ! Best month ever ! 
hmm . Just finished watching Matrix Reloaded . Choices left ? A)Get 8 hours of sleep . B)Watch Matrix Revolutions and get 6 hours of sleep . Hmmmm 
physics study 6:00 -730 ; ECE presentation practice 7:30 - 9:00 ; RH presentation 9:00 - 11:00 . Tonight is not going to be fun 
one presentation down , one to go ! 
last class of the quarter ! 
yup . We won 
One more final ! 
And Thanksgiving Break starts ... Now 
Best date ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
man , my dates with < PROPFEMALE > always seem to be the best ever ! This will be a tough 3 weeks until Christmas Break 
yeah , CHS won . Expectations are now met . 
back at Scharp . Let the good times roll 
new schedule ( mostly morning classs ) working surprisingly well . Feeling good about this quarter ! 
snow on december first . Makes me happy to be in Indiana 
Today in first class : For a normal good : income inc , demand inc ; income dec , demand dec ; for an inferior good : income inc , demand dec ; income inc , dema ... ARG , I MISS THE ECON POD :( 
1 more week ! 
bye bye school . I will see you in two weeks , once I have slept . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
seahawks for the win !!!!! They are going all the way !!!!! 
ya know , i like most fans am upset over the lost . However , at least it was to a semi respectable team like the jets , and it was a close game throughout . Unlike the Seahawks thrashing of the Saints . 
yay , I get to stay up and try to draw the flag for South Africa ! Not really very excited though . At least it is showing something ! 
got my laptop ready for class registration ... only to realize it doesn't start until Thursday 
third string for the bears is dominant ! If there was only reason to like the bears , it is because of him . 
it is friday morning , which means it is the weekend ! Phooy that the teachers think they should still teach today :( 
power fluctuations ? school still on ? we will see ... 
well , at least some teachers ( Props go out to Western and Doering ) got the memo ; I can decide which is better : Western postponing the test or Doering reducing my trips outside from 2 to 1 time today . 
and it is now offically closed 
weekend wednesday canceled ; redundant , but appreciated 
green bay comes up with the victory . Good game to all 
