NEW TO THIS SITE , HOPE ITS GREAT ! 

mery xmas 2 evry one .. happy holidays for the rest 
happy new years !!!!!.. wow it came by to fast , hu ? 
bonne ano ! 
Bonne annee 2011 ! 
so I had tasty menudo , spent time with kids , visited mom , saw brother today .... found a long lost friend .... my highlights of the new year commencement ... family n friends , thank goodness ! =] 
Before you were concieved , I wanted you . ? Before you were born , I loved you . ? Before you were an hour old , I would die for you . ? This is the miracle of life ? Put this as your status if you have children you love more than life itself ! ? 
No I swear I'm not drunk ( just buzzed ) :D According to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wl ... ohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
I am a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , nurse , handy man , maid , security , coordinator , supervisor , manager , secretary , nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , life coach , bookkeeper , laundry maid , motivational speaker , TAXI CAB , and friend . I don't get holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . I am on call 24 hours a ... day , 7 days a week . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder than mine . Repost if you're a MOM 
people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
mmmmm ! thank goodness for grandmothers ! i learn to cook something new frequently ! now if only i could master the salsas ! 
MAKE AMENDS AS IF IT THIS WAS YOUR LAST YEAR TO LIVE ! WE TAKE MANY PPL FOR GRANTED ! LEARN FROM EVERYONE YOU MEET , AND BEFRIEND . LOVE AND GIVE JOY TO EVERYONE AROUND U . MAKE EVERYONE KNOW WHAT THEY MEAN TO YOU , AND OFTEN . U NEVER KNOW WHAT DIFFERENCE YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT MADE ! 
Might not be pretty or sexy , might not have the perfect body or be beautiful ... might not be anyones first choice either , but I'm ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody else . I am honest ! Might not be proud of some of the things I've done , but I'm proud of who I am today . Copy and post it to your profile if you live your life being you and you are proud of it !! 
LOOKING 4 A SMALL DESK BLK OR BROWN WOOD . 
i like it on a chair ! 
EVERONE OF YOU ESPECIALLY IF U HAVE CHILDREN SHOULD CHECK OUT THIS ISTE , WIKISPOSURE . COM WHERE THEY TELL U WHO TO LOOK OUT FOR , THE DISTURBING THINGS THEY FEEL ABOUT PEDOPHILES , INCEST , CHILD MOLESTATION ! MANY ARE HERE IN CA ! 
u are invited ! thinking of hitting villa sorriso on 21st bday , giv u details later !! 
CANT WAIT TILL MY 21ST BDAY ! 
bitchy ! 
Astrology - Today's Gemini HoroscopeHere is your Today's Gemini HoroscopeYou're in the middle of what can only be\ 
called a gaggle -- it might be family , it might be coworkers , but it's \ 
practically impossible for you to concentrate ! Try to get along , but \ 
close the door to get things done . Compatibility : PiscesMood : FocusLucky Color : OrangeLucky Number : 95Lucky Time of Day : 7am 
so whos still down 4 tomorrow night ? 
so who is okay for friday ? pechanga , dinner , dancing , drinking laughing ? 
Aced my last final for the summer ! yey to me ! phew i get to relax for a couple of weeks off of school ! 
=( 1 day after my bday celeb was my aunts baby showr n i dint go , nott because i was hungover , my babys had been sick and still didnt hydrate , my < PROPFIRST > left me on the way 2 celeb the nite b4 so w/o the < PROPFIRST > therd b no a/c n i wasnt bout 2 put my babys 4 an hr in a small car i <3 her ! sry that no1 belvs me ! i didnt hav much $ and what i did i was going to use for gas 4 th rest of the wk ! how 2 make her undrstand ? 
so for all who do not know the epool party is not happening it got cancelled for tomorrow ! 
going out for some lattes ! mmm in a shake ! 
You cant stop the waves but you can learn to surd ! => 
dios aprieta pero no aorca ! 
i got online to send a resume to a behavioral health clinic and look \ 
where I end up !... the internet is distracting .. okay facebook is => 
i pierced my baby girl joellis ears ! 
* Being big or small isn't the crucial issue . \ 
If you don't move , you don't move * 
My baby is learning to stand on her own . Yesterday was her first time indoors and today was the first outside ! Lyla is talking and learning more each day ! I couldnt be more proud of my children ! 
CHANGE IS THE ONLY CONSTANT IN LIFE 
I deleted my Myspace ... yey . I finally got around to it . 
Due to an infrtunate tragedy in my husbands < PROPFIRST>'s family , my daughters 1st bday will be rescheduled to the following saturday on the 4th of septemeber 
I've carried 2 children within my body , \ 
comforted my babies on my chest . I have kissed boo-boo's , been puked \ 
& peed on , and had many sleepless nights . My body isn't TOP MODEL status , but when I look in the \ 
mirror , I see a MOM . There is no greater honor ... or BLESSING . 
I've\ 
carried 2 children within my body , comforted my babies on my chest . \ 
I have kissed boo-boo's , been puked & peed on , and had many \ 
sleepless nights . My body isn't TOP MODEL status , but when I look in the\ 
mirror , I see a MOM . There is no greater honor ... or BLESSING . \ 
Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOM ! \ 
Yes , A MOM !!! 
Been enjoying time out of Hemet visiting family , meeting new ! Excited for this weekend ! 
HerbaLife or no Herbalife ? 
At knotts hvin fun < PROPFEMALE > where r u 
Fuck my life 
sorry evryone but i didnt write that status ... i left my account logged in and i guess u all know from there 
Going to bed , not sleepy but will make do with a good book 
Looking for a job like crazy at least part time , if any one knows about anything please let me know ! im desperate , so im not being picky at the moment ! need it if im going to go 2 school next semester = L 
ok so im going to sleep , maybe dream of being at < PROPMALE>'s concert sharing a 24 pk with u kno whooo ! nite nite n helllooo < PROPMALE > ! 
new day 
im freezing ! \ 
why wont the weather make up its mind ? stressed but good stress , cant \ 
wait to go out n shake it off ! but nows time to make my grades better so\ 
g2 put that on hold =/ 
? \ 
how do u delete photos 
\It's not what you are that holds you back 
g2g to school ! 
so if you could go back and say something to the 15 year old u once were , what would you say ? 
Looking for a job ! at least 20 hours , open to anything decent ! 
YOUR CELL PHONE IS NOW ON FACEBOOK ! Go to the top \ 
right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left \ 
side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are \ 
now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is \ 
happening so they can remove their < PROPFIRST > by changing their privacy ... \ 
settings . ( Privacy Settings-Customize-Phone-Only Me ) . 
Who to trust ? When the 1 you were told was safe to run to and trust , when \ 
they were the 1 s'posed to protect you is the one attacking now ? i may be \ 
broken , but im still here ! I will get through this and anything for them\ 
and me . I am better than this , We are bigger than it . God help \ 
me , guide me , and bless me .... 
job hunting ! 
Just finished another application online ! Let's see who hires me !!!! 
I know Hemet can b real lame but seriously , on Halloween ? C'mon! Next year its def a dif city ! Other than that we had good tacos ! =D 
Is going to bed , praying that she gets a call from someone somewhere for an interview or something ! or else shes gonna go craaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzyyyyyyyyyy !!!!! 
So tomorrow should be fun ! Get to see the fam , and then go out for a wild night of surprises ! Woohoo cant wait !!! 
Had an amazing weekend , saw fam n went out to \Wee-Ho\ " loved it ! " 
okay , so my fortune cookie from Panda says \be careful with whom u confide in\ " ugh as If I wadnt stressed ou tenough already " 
I like my horoscope of the day \ 
Here is your Today's Gemini \ 
HoroscopeYou have everything \ 
to gain and nothing to hide . Less charitable people would call you an \ 
exhibitionist . Your fans will have to catch you when they can -- your \ 
season is already looking busy . \ 
Compatibility : Capricorn\ 
Mood : RushedLucky\ 
Color : Navy BlueLucky \ 
Number : 27Lucky\ 
Time of Day : 6am 
So right when I am about to finish a casino application online ( for the 2nd time ) i press the bacspace button to delete something I mispelled and then out of nowhere , I am on the previous < PROPFEMALE > ! The whole app < PROPFEMALE > is cleared and I have to restart for the 3rd time !! Mabe it's a sign that Im no good at casino n prob have no < PROPMALE > at the Soboba !, Nonetheless this is exaggeratingly ridiculous !!!! 
So I got my M . < PROPMALE > re-pierced .... I feel young again ! =) 
is cleaning the house away , while babies r sleeping on this lovely Saturday night . Had a nice day , ugh ... NOT looking forward to an entire day filled with homework projects !!! Nonetheless , thank whatever higher power there is for another day alive !! \ 
=) 
Watching my baby Jelly Bellys dance to < PROPFEMALE>'s map song ! Shes so cute ! 
Is shutting down for now ...... Goodnight ! \ 
, =) 
So i don't believe/trust and I get the heat , \ 
I then for once in a long time trust and believe again and I am then double screwed .... WTH ? 
Don't trust ... then ur stuck up ? \ 
Trust again , and get double screwed .....? \ 
So whats better ? 
Looking through next semester's class schedule and if I thought I was REALLy busy this fall , Spring is a tidal wave ... \ 
I hope I don't drown under !!!!! 
OMgoshness !!! \ 
So I drop my phone for the umpteenth time , I pick it up , put it back together ... as usual , \ 
and then it does not turn back on !!! \ 
Im going crazy !!! 
@Starbuck's , working on a project ... Checking in \ 
because I no longer have internet !!!! 
Happy Turkey Day everyone ! 
So my laptop is gone , I have no internet , and my phone broke ! Thats why i have not been on Fb * ....... Im using a messd up phone and the number is the same ... I dont have your < PROPFIRST > anymore !... =/ 
I just got a new phone ! yey ! Its the LG Optimus from Sprint ! Woo-hooo ! 
and I got a job ! \ 
Wow , December could not get any better ! 
would like suggestions for ringtone songs based on whats hot right now . 
Hey does any1 know the name of the song that goes something like this : ima let go for the night , thatll be the best remedy for me ... yea yea\ lol I like ir but I don't know the name of it " 
Mmmm ... just cozy on the house . enjoying my phone .. =] ... watching < PROPFEMALE > and the frog with my baby girls 
Uugh !!!! im at the point on which I want quit my diet .. its so strict n scheduled , I kno its for the best though so I am trying super hard not to give up ... 
Home 
for the next hour b4 my scheduled meal I'm going to clean so that I can keep busy . I think I do good strong the day but at night I feel like an addict withdrawing !!! It really sux !!!!!!! 
Stinks when u r hired but gave no schedule ... Still job searching =/ 
new year resolutions any1 ? 
wow ! just finished working out ... simple aerobic that earlier this year was a breeze is now so much harder ... only survived twenty minutes .. taking a break ! 
I'll ) in the workout video as soon as my daughter Is done watching spongebob 
so why would any one need skype ?.... dont u have phones ? 
it burns ! despite my exhalation I am not only glad that the workout is over , but more so that . I did it ... body strengthening times 3 a week , here I come ! 
soooo .... Im trying to take the xmas things down but Lylahs like\ noooo\ " I never noticd how into it she was ... lol she doesnt want xmas to b over ! " 
today not . a great day ... but tomorrow will be ... interview in lake elsinore ... evrybody hope n wish n cross ur fingers for me , great schedule and I can still go to school ! 
Cant sleeeeeeep ! have to wake up in 4.5 and I dont think I am catching any zzzzzzzz^s 
interview was nerve wracking ! but it went so well ! thank u all for the prayers ! 
Great day ! just waiting for kids nap so I can excercise , just bought a dancing with the stars workout dvd . looking forward to it ! =] 
lol ... dork .... so how r u < PROPFEMALE > ? 
just trying to sleep ! 
Describe me in one word . the word has to begin with the 3rd letter of ur 1st name 
I am soooo bored , the lazy kind . im too cozy , Ive cleaned a lot , took kids out to eat and play .. I spent time with my lovely sisters ... and I still feel restless ! Ideas ? Plz share ! 
Watching My Best Friends Girl ..... love it ... pump that ..... lol 
One usually meets with his < PROPFEMALE > on his way to avoiding it .... now thats something to think about ... 
Rearranging the apartment ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is something I definitely need to work on . It is absolutely not ne of my virtues ! = ! 
Delilahs bday party has been cancelled till further notice¡ .... Nancy talk to me about dates ! 
So , I got hired ! yey ! 
Good Night Fb ! Have to b up bright and early tomorrow ... need to get ahead of traffic ! 
Buenos Dias Fb ! I am soooo ready to take on my first day on the job . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
so , tomorrow night I start school .... Excited and nervous at the same time !..... Hope I didnt dive into overload ! .... lol .... id love it any way ! have a great day everyone ! =] 
why do crazy comments appear on your headline that u dont type ? thats one < PROPMALE > reason I quit on MySpace , would hate to hav to do it now ! 
morning Fb ..... have a great day ! workin OT ... training n getring paid .... Thank goodness its just the beginning of the great year ! 
ok even though I have yet tho weigh myself , im proud tho say l went from a 22/24 to an 18 in pants/ jeans and from a 3 x to a 1 and 2x ! almost sone with 1st phase of diet about 3 wks to go then the second phase begins ! 
Its Tuesday nite , tomorro will b hump day and then it goes downhill from there .... Friday hits and up we go , come down on Sunday And Monays starts a whole new cycle 
Need to implement some type of genius organization technique to make it all happen ! It's getting chaotic !..... Gotta love it ! 
excited ! Getting my hair cut and dyed ! not cutting ir A line , too short and dramatic . Long hair I think , suits me well * 
bored ! yes , right now I actually have the time in my hands to be soooooooo boooooored ! 
So much to do today !... not enough energy ! off to exercise . have a great day Fb ! \ 
=] 
Sigh * .... just smile everyone ....... \ 
long journey tho begin , but im taking this bull by the horns ! !...... have a good day Fb ! 
I reaaaaaaallyyyyyyy want a truck ! the more I think about it , the more I visualize myself in a beUtiful metallic blue or green Titan !..... god I know I will get there its just im running fast already , just let me catch up just a bit ! I know I can make it ! 
sooooo ..... i danced all my way to work ! luv it ! =] 
lazy day , had my fun yesterday ! 
feeling lazyyyyyy ..... need to get my butt out of bed !... Torture ! 
Life is a bitch n death is her sista , sleep is the cousin ..... 
im sick and not liking it , time to get something , hope ur day is better Fb peeps . 
still sick , in every way :/ I need to climb this mountain already because the more I sit there to loik and analyze it , the higher , bigger n steeper it seems 
so , Friday is here ..... what are your plans Fb ? 
so it is a quarter to 6 and both my babies are junping on my bed like theyre on a trampoline ! 
.... Really feeling lazy .... there's a list of things to do .... cant seem to get started ! for being sick , the weekend started out great this Friday \ 
= ) 
so ..... nobody said it be easy , nobody said it be this hard ..... CP .... sets the mood for the day ! 
Thinking of dying my hair blk ..... going bowling with my baby bro and my silly sisters n tots ... spend some family time :) 
having a great time gambling wit the fam in los < PROPFEMALE > 
Great day ............? 
feel a little more accomplished today.it has been a super long day , I am totally beat ready to call it a night . but very blessed with having my job ... even thoug 
in los < PROPFEMALE > ..... doin my taxes 
when you get to the end of your rope tie a knot and < PROPFEMALE > on ! 
so , mommies : whats up with midnight tantrums from ur tots ? cant deal with this anymore ! 
Beauuuuuutiful morning ! :) 
My poor bby , she feels icky pukey , ...... the flu sux ! I dont even take my kids out anymore and this is the longest they hav been sick ! I lov my immunity though 
can't sleep ! jelly belly woke up vomiting ! =/ 
Hello weekend ..... you couldnt have came around any slower , yet I dont think I'm going to be able to join you fully for chores beat u to it first . plus sleep and rest are knocking down my door . maybe on your next visit I can share the pleasure !... till next time ...... :) 
Ugh got an ickey feeling I cnt shake off ! 
Only who gets their way is God 
Ready.to call this one a night . Im beat .... talk about getting bit on the butt ! 
I cnt update my stat ! 
Life just sux when it zooms to fast thru the good times and drags slowly through the hard times\ 
=/ 
Dear day plz be over ,. Cant take any more bad news , pass it on to Week and while ur at ut , to Mr Month as well . Thank u 
Lookin for a 2/3 br to rent ..... dont hav great credit though need to move 3 weeks tops 
Dyed my hair blk ... weaved it with red ! Thnx < PROPFEMALE > ;.) 
Good nnight Fb ! ;) 
Mmm Chilled Moscato from Oliv Garden ... Beeeauuuuutiful afternoon ... now to look at cars :) 
soooooo .... im excited ! Came home in an 06 Chevy Malibu .... now to fix my credit n move into my apt 
Selling , mint shape 4 in 1 < PROPFEMALE > wood crib with tryndle , attached dresser n changing table ..... and playpen withthe toys , diaper holder , changing station and higher settin wot case gently used 
Good night Fb 
Good morning Fb ! Too awske , excited but terrified at the same time about meeting witn my trainer in the nxt couple of hrs :) 
Incredible Johns In MoVal was great ... i was just waaay too fn irritated :/ ..... wish the night coulda ended better ... cant sleep dammit ! >=/ 
If yesterday I was . irritated , today im fkn heated .. punk biotches and 50 cemt fkn hoes better stay clear outta my way . 
Want it to b next month already , ill get to c my gma for her bday , my dad , ill b in a different apartment making new , memories to wipe out stupid March ! 
Not one to want/need to cuddle in this kind of weather .... =( but I do today ..... 
Fuk being bi , I should juZ GO < PROPMALE > all the way ..... 
Bout to take off to the gym ! .... burn some fuel that way :] 
Sooooo wtf does it mean when someone pokes u on fb ? p 
o . m . g gtrrrrr I hate traffic !, bimpr to bumpr ! 
Im one bluberry pineapple flavored raspberry ?... ;] 
Get it get it ,...... break it ...... jeard u got that sticky .... lol put it dwn on me 
Cant wait for tomorrow !...... =] 
Im . sooooooo fd up 
Im so dwn to get so messd up n enjoy life ..... w/o the life part ..... lok 
Um ... Im so very bored , like a < PROPFEMALE > whose yarnball has been taken away :/ 
Gettin inkd 
I keep changing my profile pic and its not working ! 
Bk to work .. ;) 
Moving !..... getting my pak on ! ;) ...... cnt wait for this wknd ! 
Why is the world awake ? Lov u all but damn not today 
I like being missed ;) \ 
But u wouldnt hav to miss me if u had me ;) 
So for anyone that hit me up last nigh : I was sooooo f*d up ..... idk if what . i . said was good or bad happy or sad\ 
But frankly \ 
When im that tore up , \ 
I dnt giv a 
Night . Fb¡ 
Good Mooorning Fb !... already hav a . splittim head 
Lokes\ by Capone ... Really ? = s " 
Ppl suck ! = P 
When will a$$hols realize the world does not revolve around them ? 
hate the fact that while Im on my own , they fight n talk bs n they dnt kno they dnt care that im wriggling in pain ... im honest im faithful , those who cheat n lie , procrastinate n instigate r there just to hate 
Why is the world so cruel and cold ? I kno this is the time to stand up tall , to b strong and b bold . \ 
its as if I forgotten who I can be , but I need that given back , I want to be me . \ 
( mmm ) 
Whatever u give a woman , She will make it greater ... Give her sperm , She will give u a baby . Give her a house , She will give u a home . Give her groceries , She will give u a meal . Give her a smile , and she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , Be ready to receive a ton of shit !!!!!!!! \ 
( lov this .. thnx < PROPFEMALE > ) 
