FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . =) 

We , the willing , led by the unknowing , are doing the impossible for the ungrateful . We have now done so much for so long with so little , we are now capable of doing anything with nothing 
Sleep . Six-Shooter Pistols , tomahawk throwing , and potato gun shooting . Sounds like a good time to me . 
at the airport ... back to Fort Huachuca . 
When you get to the end of your rope , tie a knot and < PROPFEMALE > on . - < PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > 
\Well either < PROPMALE > here has a lightbulb up his ass or his colon had a bright idea\ " - Scrubs " 
Right now a United States military member is missing their family while protecting YOURS . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are saving , giving AND losing lives . It's Military appreciation week .... Repost if you are Military , love a military member , or HAVE MEMORIES OF A FALLEN HERO or just appreciate our Military 
66th anniversary of D-Day in World War 2 today . Thank you veterans . 
' You just did a double < PROPMALE > fist pump to < PROPMALE > englasias ' 
Promoted to E2 and certificate . Woo ! 
likes being kick ass at kickin ass 
\WAIT ! IT GETS BETTER ! That's just in the woods ! \"" 
28 days till bootcamp 
Helloooo San Antoniooo ! ;) 
taking a bubble bath in a jacuzzi tub and a shower in a steambox shower all in one night , because i can . this place is sooooo freakin awesome 
massage in an hour :) 
ugh . wish i could just shut my mind offfff . 
nothing comes easy . 3 words . Work , determination , and hope . 
hoooolllyyyy freckles . oh boy . 
When you get to the end of your rope , tie a knot and < PROPFEMALE > on . - < PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > 
anyone ever wonder why the dentist always wants to have a conversation with you when they're working on your teeth ? 
Mind is going a million < PROPMALE > per hour again . Ugh . 
Chicago here I come ! Woo ! =D !!! 
At the airport ! 
boarding the plane to Chicago ! Ahhhh ! :) :) :) 
Out of the chicago airport ! Taxi time ! 
Ahhhhh can't sleep ! :) :) :) !!!! 
Leaving for bootcamp graduation !! aaahhhhhh !!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Congratulations < PROPFIRST > !!! So proud of you !!! 
fliight back home was originally 9:40 . theyve switched my gate twice , delayed it to 11:18 PM , whats next ? 
rush hour traffic , 3 flight gate changes , 4 flight delays , an hour drive home after landing 3 hours past your original time . every second of it was worth it . wish i coulda stayed longer . 
Finally back in Pittsburgh . Good but bad . Ugh . 
\What is he ... no ... NO ... NO !!!! \ " \ " YES !!!! HE SO JUST DID THAT ! \"" 
3 days till boot camp 
tomorrow , staying over night in Pittsburgh at the 911th airbase . Tuesday , goodbye < PROPFEMALE > , hello boot camp ! 
at the sheraton . staying here over night . wake up 4am tomorrow . federal building . fly out to boot camp . call or text while you can 
USO at the < PROPFEMALE > Airport . Next flight to boot camp . Call or text while you can :) 
In boot camp . See everyone in a few months . 
Just graduated boot camp ! Text :) 
100% on my first test :) lovin army life . text ;) 
i swear by the beard of Zeus I will kick you square in the throat 
I'm gonna show ' em what a little girl's made of , gunpowder and lead 
phone is workin again ! and home tomorrow ! :) 
getting on my first flight . home in a few hours ! ahhhhh :) 
on my flight home . so close ! 
home sweet home ! just landed in pittsburgh ! text ! 
feels so good to be home for awhile . surprised my little sister at school and pens game tonight :) 
oh boy .. starting to look at college stuff for when I'm outta Fort Huachuca . 
lookin at IUP and Penn State Main Campus . 
anybody awake ? 
shopette soon . 
ugh ... 
Its bad that the latest time i've set my alarm to wake up is 4:30 in the morning . Yay 
ergh . gonna be a long night ... 
ergh .. mixed emotions . 
eh , whatever . Buffalo Wild Wings tonight . Cell's good ! 
in order to rise and succeed , you must fall at one point . 
60:120 ' s kicked my ass today . Good pt . Class , then dunno . 
cant seem to wake myself up today 
wiped ouuttttt . text . 
got mind raped by that test . holy shit . 
years go by and time just seems to fly , but the memories remain . 
