exactly 51 minutes and 20 seconds until the new decade ... 

wishing his friends happy new years on my chat box ! | ! | ! | ! 
this is intense !! 
I should probably shouldn't be on facebook on new years < PROPFEMALE > :-/ 
Happy 2010 ! I'm both excited and nervous about the new decade . 
New years resolution : keep my phone on during the day . 
first document of mine dated in the year 2010 : AP history outline . 
just doesn't seem to be thinking straight lately . 
Is it just me , or is AP history homework this enormous outline that doesn't have an end in sight . How long is this supposed to take ? 
Despite all the homework , which I started on Friday ;-) , life is good and I feel that tomorrow is going to be a good day . 
aw !!! aw !!! Latin !!!! wtf fml @#$%$#@#$%^& *(*&^%$#$%^&* &^%$#@#$%^&%$#$%^ Maybe I'm trying too hard . 
wondering if he'll be selected for closed beta testing ... 
Three more days and I'll have achieved perfect attendance for freshman year . =-D Wow , I'm a geek . 
Today is one of the best days in a long time ! no homework , no upcoming tests , and more importantly omgomgomg YES !!! totally geeking out over the Beta version of Cities XL ! 
got his key that lets him play beta version of Cities XL . The computer game geek in me is really showing right now . 
and now comes the fun part : excruciatingly long download !!!! :-( 
free game , free subscription ... yeah I think I can handle that . 
movie tomorrow ( Up !! ) . I'm a big pixar fan , then maybe a jog at great < PROPFEMALE > state park , other than that it's Cities XL all the way . 
I've noticed I seem to attract a lot a attention , I just don't know whether or not it's positive or negative . 
Vivaldi+Metallica+David Garret = AWESOME ! I sometimes doubt my taste in music is that good :-D . 
is sing Greek folk songs ( in Greek ) at a retirement home Thursday . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , may your memory be eternal ! 
$ 170,000,000,000 . 00 
wtf NO !!!! < PROPFIRST > Mays dead ?! D-: 
I finally have time to listen to some real music during the summer . 
Next Sunday is the first day in a really long time in which there isn't a picture of a cloud with rain falling from it on my igoogle < PROPFEMALE > . 
lamb chops for lunch :-D . celebrating independence of United States people . Then < PROPMALE > pops/fireworks at Sampas Pavilion tomorrow . 
Met many friends from Church and my homies from lhs at Sampas Pavalion and around the Vanderburg esplanade , then watched the fireworks . It was a good time . =) 
omg wow ! hahah arrg !! 40 livery bilge rats be sendin ' ye news ! Are there any people who really speak like that ? or is this language preference just for fun . 
is still getting used to this pirate dialect that has taken over facebook . Perfects I should change it back ? nah , I like it like this =D 
This looks like some sorta bag pipe . hmm . He could of at least got me some music sheets to go with out . I have no idea how to play it . blows * It sounds like a bag pipe except it has a higher pitch . 
We just lost contact . WTF ! no TV , CNN.com, Directv.com, and a lot of other websites are down !! What happened !?!?!?! 
Big bro appreciates American made cars ( those are the only cars he seems interested in ) . He's gonna go buy himself a brand new Buick Enclave when he get back to Bulgaria . As for me , I'm aiming for a brand new Cadillac CTS-V . Yeah boi !!! =D 
looking at the highlights * Oh wow , 24 friends are fans of < PROPFEMALE > Fox . haha never seen that many become fans of one public profile . 
YEAH BOI !!! new HD receiver and satellite dish to go with our HD TV !!!! ^__^ 
What's the point of buying songs from iTunes when somebody probably already uploaded to YouTube with the Same or nearly the same quality ? 
finished summer math assignment a few hours ago , halfway done with life of pi , yet nervous that I haven't done enough summer assignments even though i have a month to do chem , history , finish life of pi , and read another book . 
The US needs a free trade agreement with Bulgaria , if not all of Europe . 
wishes captains practice was during the afternoon and by merrimack river instead of what in my perspective is the other side of < PROPMALE > . 
finish Life of Pi and it was Awesome !!! Much better than that Stupid Life of Bees crap we had to read last year . Festival after lunch . 
Read Life of Pi , now what ? These books seem terrible . Anyone reading Feed , by M.T. < PROPMALE > ? WEIRD O_0 , but seriously considering it . Hmmm ... Northern Light by < PROPFEMALE > Donnelly seems normal , I mean nice . The Usual Rules by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ? Yuck ! Another 
What's this talk about Christian Bale . What is he doing in < PROPMALE > ? 
just realized that he lives just 3 blocks from where they just did a scene on Pine Street . 0_O 
just realized that he lives just 3 blocks from where they just did a scene for The Fighter on Pine Street . 0_O 
just realized that he lives just 3 blocks from where they just did a scene for The Fighter on Pine Street . 0_O They had just finished and the actors had just left . 
Saw a Maserati on the road ! Rare find ... Wonder who was behind the wheel ! 
Watching \Auto-Tune the News\ " makes me wish life was a musical comedy with nearly as much singing as a full-fledged rock opera . " 
Insane history assignment that should only be given for those just starting a post-graduate degree in American history . Making good progress 
Remind me if there are any Lyceum summer assignments I forgot about . They are , read two books ( one has to be Life of Pi ) , AP history assignment , geometry assignment , and Mr. Daley's Science assignment . 
Why the fuck is facebook spamming me with supposed \video messages\ " from my friends ? " 
doesn't understand how its possible to be compare someone who wants to provide health care reform to a Nazi . People are calling anyone who they don't like a Nazi these days . wtf 
Seriously planning on helping my brother open a stores in pheasant < PROPFIRST > mall and Burlington mall that sell fancy European soaps . If that works , we could open a soap factory and create some good paying American jobs in the manufacturing sector . 
feels like rubbing in people's faces the fact that he finished most of his summer assignments weeks ago . 
Hates it when my mom logs on to facebook because she always reads my profile , often without even checking what her other friends are saying . 
I have the power in me , I just need to learn to release it ! 
Almanac predicts very bitter winter with slightly below average percipitation ( opposite of what you expect with global warming ) . Coldest around the great lakes . A < PROPMALE > blizzard is predicted for sometime in feb in North East . 
Epic fail in nearly a week . Working hard to make sure it doesn't turn out that way . 
The next person to friend me will win a brand new Mustang GT convertible . 
thinks geometry homework is just plain stupid and useless 
There is way too much homework for me to handle !! and it's only the first weekend . 
hates it when they make us draw shit for homework 
Ran up the hill then he ran up the hill ... 
too tired to do anything . Going to attempt to do homework . 
Was curious to see what an obama-ized world map would look like behind me . 
No football , no house parties , just resting my legs and catching up on sleep . 
came home from the race to brand new Italian made leather sofas . They are so soft and they make my living room sound like a recording studio . 
So I'm behind every on the team . So what ? I would have quit by now if I didn't believe I could be the best . 
Apparently Lady Gaga is performing live tonight ( since everybody's talking about ) and me along with all my sophomore Lyceum buddies aren't watching it . Teenagers today need to learn to have the same work ethic we Lyceum folks do ... not . 
Just realized how insanely awesome it was last year when the entire cafeteria clapped for me for absolutely no reason but the fact that I bought a drink at the vending machine . 
It was VMAs last night and now this , everyone's watching the Patriots on what I believe is their first game ? I keep missing good stuff on TV , I better not miss the season 6 premiere on the The Office on Thursday . wow , no TV for me . 
has to learn Bach's Brandenburg concerto and Nutcracker on the VIOLIN by Christmas ?? or maybe just the latter by Christmas . 
Do you really think < PROPFEMALE > is going to want to direct Rent ? A musical about a bunch of lost boys in New York with AIDS and drug problems . What's worse is that me might be doing a \School Edition\ " version which basically waters down the emotional stuff . Some parents are even against the school addition ! " 
Needs to learn to separate his mind from his body when running . 
What do I do if I friend someone I don't know purely by accident ? 
Google street view took a picture of our bus on our way to the meet . Why would anyone < PROPFEMALE > them for violation of privacy ? lol I would want to be on Google Earth . 
Got a real violin teacher this time . I'm going to rock it out with the band orchestra at the < PROPMALE > High Christmas concert . Playing nutcracker . 
Wants to make it clear : I'm not < PROPMALE > Sanchez , someone else created that account . 
wants to do not go to bed really late . 
is exhausted 
just ate a wrap containing an assortment of dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets and shredded cheese for dinner . back to work now .... 
History is so hard !!!! This is shakespeare all over again + deep historical analysis . 
Has gotten a better at piano even though I haven't played all week . Listening to music really helps even if it's unrelated to what your playing , it just puts me on autopilot . 
Having the helicopter fly around the course during the race was too awesome . some actually got to ride in it ! damn it ! 
can't focus . 
Finished the DBQ !!! 
Ford Motor Company needs to stop spamming the internet !!! They've advertised on every website possible ! The 2010 Ford Taurus is a great car by the way . hahah 
1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) Any question . No matter how awkward it may be , I'll honestly answer it , no catch unless it's completely life altering ( those are extremely rare ) . 
Shaved 4 minutes since the first home meet . I don't know where my energy came from . My legs were sore all day and I hardly slept last night . A great race . Did we win ? 
Obama in Copenhagen+Chicago Olympic bid = epic fail :-( 
Just found out that there are such things as naturally glow in the dark mushrooms . 
Didn't see Holloweentown because he was doing Homework . I failed the Cross Country team . :-( 
An acorn hit me right on the head . ugh ... I though cross country didn't involve the danger of concussion ? 
I wasn't even planning on going to Shedd park today Johannah stole my ID and I couldn't get it back . So if anybody can get it to me tomorrow that would be nice . Or you can tell me where her advisory is . 
# 4 of my geometry homework is based on Lord of the Rings . 
is being decommissioned and brought into dry dock for the next week or so for minor repairs . no xc for me :-( 
changed his facebook language setting to \Lingua Latina . \ " and it's staying that way ! " 
Walmart is everything that's wrong with < PROPFEMALE > . 
studying for Latin .... looks at face book < PROPFEMALE > * \hoc tibi et < PROPFIRST > Boucher placet . \ " lets see \ " sententiam scribere\ " \ " mihi placet\ " I've totally immersed myself in the Latin using facebook . " 
Anyone heard of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? actress from the forties . Turns out she was born on my street . 
This status update was brought to you by Silicon ( tm ) , an integral part of the modern world , the building block for innovation . ( tm ) At Dupont chemicals we are committed to providing high quality silicon to small and large businesses alike . Our products have and continue to be used in integrated circuits , green technology , and a wide range of space age materials . 
I've been liking every status update related to snow so far today 
I AM NOT FAILING ANOTHER EVIL ENGLISH READING QUIZ TOMORROW !!!! 
Once that concerto came up on my play list , I suddenly got this flashback and felt exactly the way I did when doing that biology project on the immune response and the visual aids I used for it came into my head . o_0 
The bad economy has prevented me from selling any raffle tickets for xc . My only customer so far is Mr. Smulligan , but that's only if I promise to buy a raffle ticket or whatever the hell the football team is selling . 
What I learned in Latin class is ... Don't look it's not ready yet ! I can do this , I can do this , ugh . 
How is it everyone is giving a different answer as to what I'm supposed to do for my chemistry lab report ? 
anyone wanna buy raffle tickets ? from me . How about this , I do some fiddling and you through quarters at me in exchange for a piece of paper that you aren't going to use . 
Doesn't know what to say when a girl asks him if she is pretty . esp if she is . hahah 
how many races we got left ? when's our next one ? Not going tomorrow . Mom wants me at piano lesson ( which should have been today ) and I probably shouldn't jump right into racing , don't wanna hurt myself again . 
badly wants to take his violin ( < PROPFEMALE > ) to antiques roadshow , but they ain't coming until next summer . 
had lamb for lunch 
patiently waiting for time freeze as the eye of the hurricane passes over and the < PROPFEMALE > sea yields to the tranquil sea of uncertainty and I attempt to mend my shattered self . 
is so sick of those sesame street themed versions of the google logo that have been appearing every for nearly a week . 
omg I swear that was a famous rock band from the 90s/80s sitting in the front row of Battle of the Bands !!! I think I might have some internal bleeding and my IQ has probably halved from all the head banging , but it was worth it ! 
why is < PROPFIRST > fraser using a picture of me as his profile pic ? 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
is addicting to farmville can't think straight 
with 50 people out of my friends currently online , there's a lot to keep me away from work that needs to be done . 
Totally nailed that History essay 
< PROPFEMALE>'s buy'n this mighty shiny well ' pointed 2004 volvo V70 and Imma gonna take it fur a spin once I get my learners permit next year . < PROPFEMALE > -haaa !!!! 
omg wow , someone else copied my profile picture and made it their's . Is this a new fad ? lol 
Is missing the office because he promised himself that he will over achieve his way to straight A's this quarter . 
Is it just me , or has the Lyceum gotten a lot easier the last couple of weeks ? 
One of the triangles in geometry homework is \RED\ " and it's congruent to \ " BUL\ " hahah I just felt like sharing :-) " 
got report card today . I feel like killing myself , but I'm not , because there's always next quarter !! 
\stupid shiny Volvo \"" 
dippin dots are good , but they are not worth three dollars 
course cutters ruined the race for me 
my facebook default language is still Latin . 
This canker sore is getting annoying 
First in class DBQ , probably sucked , but I'm confident anyway . 
Music Saturday !! Piano lesson in the morning , string ensemble rehearsal in the afternoon , oh and its snowing !!!!! and we got a Christmas tree just in time for the first measurable snow of the season . long relaxing Saturdays make my life . 
Doing history outlines remind of cross country practices . They are long , they take hours , and they hurt . 
I hate Elf and all the other Christmas specials on TV and movies that keep promoting a watered down commercialized version of the meaning of Christmas that leaves out God or are completely trite , inane , or just overestimated ; + all the bad comedy and the constant recycling of the plots and motifs of < PROPFIRST>' Dickens ' Christmas < PROPFIRST > and that poem that starts with \twas the night before Christmas . \ " Back to homework ... " 
It's raining tomorrow , not snowing and it's just going to be another long day of school . Then it's going to turn into ice by Thursday morning . 
I'm probably too honest sometimes .... I need to cheer up ... 
I'm probably too honest sometimes .... I need to cheer up ... got too much on my mind ... 
Seems like every time it snows in the Massachusetts its like its the first time . plows are never ready and they have no clue how hard it is to get to school in this weather . What sucks even more is that all the after school activities were canceled . 
I feel like such an ass for being too distracted by school to remember to go to sports awards . At least coach < PROPFEMALE > was still gave me my awards . I have a certificate with my name and the words \varsity cross country\ " lol . " 
can't seem to think straight . My mind is a chaotic mess set to fast violin music . The light at the end of the tunnel seems so far . 
ooh finally it's over !! omg longest week ever . I have so much to catch up with on piano and violin . 
violin all day ... I should have started playing years ago . hours of practice every day to get anywhere near first violin . 
omg make up your mind guys !! the weather forecast on my igoogle pages is different every time . goes from snow to rain to snow then rain again and the forecast temperatures keep changing . 
finally lit the Christmas tree . It's been filling the room with the scent of evergreen < PROPMALE > that has been making me wish it was Christmas vacation . 
got 10/15 vocab sentences for English down , cant ' seem to do any more . How am I supposed to relate any of these words to Act IV of Shakespeare's < PROPMALE > Caesar ? 
If anybody is planning on studying and listening to music at the same time , stick to classical , trust me . 
Today was a glorious day . I nailed some extra credit for English class for my acting skills , raped a Latin quiz , and got to play violin for a live chorus instead of going to geometry . Best of all , what's better than coming home in a suit from theater rehearsals ? 
Winter concert postponed :-( 
Sunday's weather forecast is making me smile . 
show was amazing ! we'll start working on the musical right after vacation . It will be a < PROPMALE > for me to do a tribute to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! If I don't get a big part , I will do outdoor track in the spring . 
wants to start one of those waste of server space public profiles about random things just so I can have a million people join . 
observations on current chart topping music : rock isn't as popular as it used to be , too much lady gaga , everything sounds like hip-hop , too much swearing !! can you believe < PROPFIRST > Beiber is born on March 14 , 1994 , so we were born the same day . really ? I would be worried , if I were him . But who cares about puberty when your famous ? Lastly I was in classical music world for too long ... alternative rock sounds good . 
Discovered a glitch related to Nvidia drivers on Vista -_- . At least , that's what seems to cause it . 
I probably got in the low seventies on today's geometry test . I am actually good at geometry wtf , how'd that happen ? But I made for that by caroling about derivatives in calculus class . I'm not even in calculus lol . 
recovered his twitter password and finally logged on to that account that I completely forgot I had . 
No work due tomorrow , right ? woo ! 
who's seeing the new movie avatar ? 
is getting sick of farmville 
Back from Church . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! Keep its true meaning in your hearts . 
built a gingerbread house 
Sometimes something gets so hyped up that even the critics can't help but rave at its awesomeness even if it sucks . they can't seem to make a sci-fi thriller without stuffing it with political messages and ... am I the only one who noticed that they were literally having sex in 3D ? 
vacations make me realize I have no friends out of school or church . 
feels like reading a book 
which superhero profile pic should I use ? my finalists are Captain < PROPFEMALE > , Cyclops , Doctor Strange , Angel ( from X-men ) , Aquaman , and Captain Canuck ( Captain Canada ) 
had an unusually vivid dream last night . 0_0 
I'm starting to get a little sick of all those fan pages appearing . some of my friends are following 500 , or even 800 fan pages . I would be irritated if most of the status updates on my homepage were fan pages such \bubble buddy\ " or \ " I Dislike The People Who Don't Play Along When You're Telling A Lie\ " wtf . " 
I'm already in panic and getting nightmares because I didn't start any homework :-( fml . 
is watching a Twilight Zone marathon 
< PROPFEMALE > hora et quinquaginta et tres minutas ante MMXI !! 
< PROPFEMALE > hora et duodeviginti minutae ante MMXI !!! 
felicem annum novum habeatis MMXI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
I think nightmares evolved as a survival mechanism to keep me from procrastinating . 
got a fortune cookie . hopes the fortune comes true . 
Still can't find his chemistry book :-/ I lost it , then found it , then lost it again . If anyone sees a random chemistry book lying around look for my name in the front cover . 
So according to my dad , my chemistry book was stolen by a girl with an insane crush on me who kisses my name on the front cover . wtf ? hahaha I looked everywhere today , including the janitor's place , the top of the water machine in the cafeteria , the strings room and it was nowhere to be found :-/ 
Is psyched to be doing a yellow brick road tour around < PROPMALE > . We'll be featured in the Sun ! 
Is starting to really question his taste in music :-/ 
Still watching V for Vendetta and trying to put the pieces together . I afraid this movies just going to end up seeming pretentious at its worst . Overall , it's interesting so far . 
I don't care what people say , Simcity 4 is the best computer/video game ever released . 
Interesting day at Church . Served in the alter , lit a candle for my future wife , whoever that may eventually be ;-) . 
I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask , I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart . 
I don't believe in horoscopes , but Tarot.com describes my life on a daily basis :-/ 
Why the hell does everyone wanna know who I like if I have a crush on somebody ? It's part of human nature , and why should I say . I'm not a very open person and I keep my feeling to myself . I always have at least a < PROPFEMALE > crush on somebody . I can tell though , that she's on my friends list ;-) . 
Another night of serious procrastination ? I think so . 
I feel like geeking out over those piano arrangements I downloaded ... 
spring track maybe ? Got what I wanted . a relatively small part , but not too small ( It has a name ) + I'll be doing a few others with no names . 
No facebook for the rest of the night unless there is a facebook related emergency ? let me see if could pull it off . 
One of these days I'll put up a really romantic poem in Latin as a status update because I can and I want to . 
Needs to avoid getting over-confident , but I feel great :-) . I just have that feeling that something good is going to happen in the end no matter what . 
how about I stay in front of the piano for the rest of the day ? chopin <3 
Back to reality ... so midterms ? holy crap ! I'm ignoring them ( not ) ... Latin open response , ugh ! 
It looks like a painting from my window =) 
How come snow has been coming a day too early all this winter -_-* ? 
What is going to take to motivate me to start studying already !!!!!!?!?!?!?! WTF IS WRONG WITH ME ! 
Needs to understand : Why are runners from Tewksbury and Methuen adding me on facebook ? Makes me feel popular though hahah . 
today was crap . Snow is always too early/too late . Geometry is making me angry and Latin quarterly is making me nervous . Chem quarterly was easy , so I should have done better ( probably shouldn't complaining actually ) . 
why the hell am watching secret life of an American Teenager on Hulu ? maybe its because it makes me feel a lot better about my life . The show is a very bad representation of being a teenager btw ( at least by my experience ) . I should be studying ! 
< PROPFIRST > brown nine points ahead of Coakley 
got a huge ass stack of newly written on index cards for Latin . sao ( studying ass off ) 
idk , I don't feel like studying -_- I'm tired . shitty day , shitty week . that Latin test ? yeah , ummm , I don't know about you , but I don't think I did well . 
geometry quarterly better be as freaking easy as it seems . 
wishes he had some appropriate song lyrics to put up as a status , because I feel like posting something , but I don't know what :-/ . 
i'm gonna be the weirdo looking fresh with that silver bow tie ;-) and sporting some mad skills on the dance floor and playing that fiddle !!! ( not , but I wish it was loud enough enough ) . 
is hoping that the snocial will provide for a good profile picture . 
Ok , so I'm not riding to the snocial with friends or a date -_- . Why did I even bother to go . whatever , I'll make the best of it . 
WOW ... <3 hahahahahahahah OMG 
Did all that really just happen ? 
is listening to reggaetón because I freaking feel like it ! 
still doesn't know how to tag people in status updates wtf ! 
so it snowed heavily all day yesterday , yet zero inches of accumulation ... either that or I need to see a doctor . 
badly needs some good violin sheet music . 
There is actually a video of me singing a couple lines of bad romance on facebook :-P 
is a winkie , whatever that is :-P . that as well as Uncle < PROPFIRST > and a citizen , as I've already mentioned . first real rehearsal for me today . 
My parents have finally fully embraced American pop culture ... first it was The Grammy's and Lady Gaga , Rhianna , they are planning on going to the movies on Wednesday , and now , they discovered pants on the ground . 
buffalo chunks .... 
IDK what sport to do in the spring . I don't wanna be a hamster on a track .... 
I sleep way too much . This is just gonna be another night of working till the wee hours of the morning because I mostly slept since I got home . I'll do my best to keep off of fb . 
Despite the fact that Mr. Szecskas is probably no Mr. McCabe , tonight's history homework is going to be the death of me . 
concert tonight , look for me in the strings section 
Tired , confused , and worried about the usual grades sports , clubs , and colleges . 
Fixed a broken violin bow with black duct tape . 
damnit , why am I so confused ??? why am I worrying about things that probably don't even mean anything ?? 
was a beast at Academic Decathlon , met a couple of people I know at winterfest , got bored , left . 
dad just gave me $20 , anyone wanna go out ? haha 
shawty's like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head that I can't keep out got me singing like na na na na everyday like my ipod stuck on replay . 
I don't pay attention to football , but I ? New Orleans and the Saints deserved to win because it's an awesome city . :-P 
has no < PROPMALE > .... :-/ 
does not know if I am interpreting this right .... but there might be a subtle message . 
I shouldn't worry at all about the next few school days because I'll be in Italy for most of vacation . I need to get away from things and see the world . B-) 
If we have school tomorrow , someone from < PROPMALE > Catholic is getting a black eye . I'm mean seriously , they are closed at the slightest possibility of snow . 
Went on fb to see if there really is no school . what's up everybody ! 
d (^_^) b 
yeah !!! like a millimeter of snow out there :-D anyone wanna go tubing ? 
Should do something for Valentines Day . Anyone got any ideas ? 
If freaking feel like I'm the only who likes this kind of music 
now how do I prepare for this DBQ ? :-/ 
I think I bombed both a Latin test and a DBQ today . It could've been a lot worse of a day though . 
Rome !!! I probably should be more excited . 
stuff packed , I don't think i can sleep :-) 
see you guys in a week !!! Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! I Love my friends . :-D 
SO I'M BACK !!! a week in Italy is what I needed . Saw everything I wanted to see in Rome and had a great time at Capri and Sorrento (-; 
needs to start homework , facebook is being a bitch and I'm having trouble uploading a lot of photos , * opens fridge * I miss Italian food . 
< PROPFIRST > Cook removed me as a friend ? wtf ? re-friending now .... 
Timbaland/OneRepublic - Apologize LHS idol maybe ? I think I might go for it . Anyone wanna sing it ? ( I got the piano sheet music ) , idk if I can go solo . 
Life is back to normal . It sucks again . I failed that Latin test as well as the DBQ ( but only by a little for the DBQ ) . I think that dream I had a few months ago means something and I'm going to use its message somehow . 
I just freakin ' feel like posting a status update even when I have nothing to say sometimes , because , frankly , I have homework next to me , begging for attention . 
Ate a cheese burger at < PROPFIRST>'s pizza two days after I decided to go vegetarian for Lent ( or possibly longer ) -______- wow , that's retarded . 
just might do crew this spring ? idk what will happen with running ..... don't wanna leave the team , but lets face it , I sucked at XC but I still appreciate the awesome jacket they gave me ( state champions !!! that's going on the resume ) . who says I won't suck at all the other sports . I just need to practice . too bad I was to fat for sports freshman year . 
Cum dederit dilectis suis somnum ecce haereditas Domini , filii Merces , fructus ventris 
I can't seem to focus very well lately 
let me rephrase that , I can't seem to focus at all . Fuck !!!! 
try Goya cookies with Market Basket brand cream cheese . it's amazing :-D 
feels like listening to Korean pop music tonight . not gonna try to figure out why right now . 
my mom is creeping through my facebook . oh snap !!! 
can kinda sorta swim 
no one better write anything dirty on my wall while I show pictures from Rome on fb on my living room TV to my parents and their friends . 
going on facebook on this big TV screen is freaking cool . I gotta do this more often 
closing ceremonies ??? wtf , I hardly got to watch any of it from the beginning . 
anyone know of a public pool I can go and practice in over the week ? 
I don't know what to do anymore . I know what I want , what I've been wanting for years , and yet it seems so far away because I deny the truth and avoid saying what I really think . 
Would like to wish a happy 200th birthday to Frédéric Chopin 
less than two weeks till I'm sixteen , going to outwit reality and get myself ahead . I friggin sick of this . 
anyone know a good virus removal software ? my mom's desktop has suffered a full force attack . 
It's going down in Gym on Friday : < PROPMALE > Stanchev vs . < PROPFIRST > Bejaniance rules : whoever can finish one lap first wins . 
trying a new study technique : Whenever I study a certain topic I put on a certain concerto by < PROPFIRST > Vivaldi on replay to make it easier to remember . or Mozart . no lyrics allowed 
Wishing happy 332 birthday to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Vivaldi . He was a true head banger . No other classical composer that I know of can claim that title . 
got blisters from erging . So I've been unofficially initiated into crew , but I'll need to prepare for the baptism ( swim test , let's just say swimming ain't my thing . ) 
I needed a day like today , finish shit at school AND go to a field trip to see a play I've already seen . 
I love the UML pool . going there everyday ( except Sunday ) , til I figure out how to swim . 
Still a little sore all over and fearing carpal tunnel syndrome . crap . I shouldn't overuse my wrists like that . 
New violin bow , new sheet music , looking through acoustic guitars and sneaking over to UML pool today . ^^ 
looking for music to listen to ...................... logging on and off on facebook obnoxiously . 
wonders if AIM is still popular 
and out of nowhere appears < PROPFEMALE > Hyde who had previously disappeared completely off the face of Facebook . 
doing things like a boss today 
HAS WAY TOO MUCH TO DO AND WORRY ABOUT RIGHT NOW 
I'm actually finding this history chapter interesting , not just because it's about < PROPMALE > . 
CRAP , why am I back here , I still have work to do . 
I wonder if Mrs. O'Neil would notice if I just go around stealing song lyrics instead of trying to make this stuff up . 
Tomorrow's Friday ! last day before sports , hanging with friends after school probably . 
what do you know .... microsoft word spell check doesn't accept the word ' stoichiometry ' I hate chemistry . -__- 
listening to Tibetan meditation music on as Saturday morning . 
trying to figure out who's who on AIM is impossible .... 
What's the point of Facebook profiles if knowing something about someone because of them suddenly makes you a stalker ? :-/ 
Is in a band . 
wants to know where \it's 11:11 make a wish\ " came from . " 
needs an acoustic guitar . what happened to getting one for my birthday ? too busy ugh . gonna ask for one anyway . 
weird , today everyone seems to wanna chat with me either on facebook or skype . 
Is asking how is it possible to balance crew ( or any other sport ) with The Wiz . 
crew <3 but I won't be missing any more rehearsals . I just prefer it over ballet dances . 
wtf ? this thing is more expensive than either of my parents ' cars when they were brand new . how ????? there's something wrong if you can buy a Cadillac CTS for the same price as a wooden row boat for 8 hahaha . 
wow ummm ... i don't really know now . 
you know it's not winter when you've got your neighbors doing yard sails , people across the street moving in new furniture as others just < PROPFEMALE > outside listening to a boom box . 
lmao I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > de-friended me . 
wow , I have a crap load of homework . -_-* I probably shouldn't do anything but it today . the usual procrastinating with youtube and piano killing me . 
congress voted now . I honestly don't care anymore . I think this < PROPMALE > is crap that won't do anything but alright . if anything , bad , crossing my fingers for the best . 
so it's not possible to do both a sport and theater . 
So am I in crew or not ???? I found a bunch of fb pages related to crew I wanna join hahaha . 
Mcass got owned today . 
most tedious crappy rehearsal in a while . Completely re-learned a scene I thought I knew . 
went on an easy run of 3.85 < PROPMALE > ( I measured it on google earth ) and got a couple of blisters to remind me I'm in crew from erging . I wanna get on a boat !! 
What is it with this time of year and projects ??? April and beginning of May is gonna be rough since next quarter there's a latin project and maybe an English research project I vaguely remember reading about in this year's English classroom management plan ??? last year was rougher though . so far ..... 
so my mom randomly starts singing the Soviet National Anthem in Russian .... 
so my mom randomly starts singing the Soviet National Anthem in Russian .... and now I got it stuck in my head . someone kill me . 
pardon my language , but homework can suck it . get out of my life , you're not welcome , find someone else , and why do you always need all this attention ? I don't care about your problems and stop keeping me from my friends and staying up so late . or even better , f *** yourself , homework , I don't wanna see your face anymore . 
too many deadlines ... 
back from practice w/ the Frozen Eddys . car radio set to 107.3 because the dorks that bought 99.5 dont know good classical music when they see it . 
despite the fact I'm staying up really late tonight . I wanna make it a good Monday tomorrow :-) if there is such a thing . 
Ok , I'm screwed beyond comprehension 
so umm .... ok now 
got a friend request from < PROPMALE > Zuko 
whoa wait ??? what ??? so I'm not in rehearsal tomorrow ? so its crew then . 
Is in shock that I have no homework to speak of . 
(-____-') 
Holy Thursday . too tired , feeling under the weather , and I don't want my clumsiness in the altar to be an issue . 
made a new friend :-) 
you know what's pissing me off now ? why are they calling Easter \Spring Holiday . \ " It's like what they did to Christmas :-/ . It's Easter ! and today is Good Friday . " 
stuck at home . anybody here going for a run ? 
has to go for a run in this weather . 
went for a nice long run and met some friends at the boathouse . :-) my goal is to make varsity in the fall , but it's a long shot . 
played the fiddle while walking down a street <3 
up until 2 am . topped off today's strict vegan fast with burritos . 
??????? ??????! ??????? ????????! 
not exactly sure how to approach this English homework 
High School is going by way too fast . I want this to be the beginning of my freshman year again . 
got the inspiration to develop an Italian American alter ego from a role I have as a farmer in Kansas . weird .... 
I know anyone who's failing is really pissed if I complain about my grades , but I really need to get them up fourth quarter . 
still in crew , beasting on the ergs , gonna swim over vacation 
to do list : get straight A's , learn something more contemporary on the piano , get ripped , learn how to swim , get on a boat , learn how to play guitar , and reduce my fb usage by 90% <---- yeah good luck with that , piano will get pushed aside by all the other stuff which I have a high risk of not accomplishing . 
i wore that shirt lots of times last year . now people keep pointing how dirty it is . wow people have gotten really perverted . aparently the old Bulgarian alphabet is filled with phallic symbols :-/ 
went ON A BOAT after all ( w/ life vest cuz I'm special . still need to learn how to swim ) . 
Should have at least come to watch the Erg-a-thon . :-/ and < PROPMALE > out with my peoples there . 
Sunday at a pool with my parents ... 
I'm trying to exercise my right to listen to some music for free without having to borrow someone's ipod or download pirated music by going on youtube but it just has to stop streaming whenever the hell it feels like it . 
is questioning the legality of what realplayer 11 is allowing me to do . O.o 
I feel awkward today >_< 
ok , so why the hell is < PROPMALE > Bassett being tagged in random photos on facebook ? 
... 
found my parents were hanging out in the boathouse today after I got to shore . and Mr. < PROPMALE>'s dad is ending his anti-social streak and says he's maybe gonna make a fb account . 
OWN THAT BOAT ! RAPE THAT RIVER ! crew practice was fun .... thanks for offering your seat < PROPFIRST > Marasa but apparently I can go on since I haven't rowed before and I'd hate to be the freeloader with the life jacket . 
great news . LHS idol is going on this year ! :-D gonna probably sign up Frozen Eddys 
vacation to do list : pass swim test , learn how to row , play in a rock concert , learn something good on either the piano or violin , and do my homework before sunday night . too tired to relax 
a tik tok parody of my daily routine ??!?! daaayyyyummm hahaahahahahah I love you guys . 
what's this Katara+ < PROPMALE > Zuko bullshit that keeps appearing on my news feed ? Katara is mine , stfu everybody . rofl . 
anyone else going to lyceum community service tomorrow ? 
what ???? facebook changed it . it's not called \becoming a fan\ " it's now \ " liking something \"" 
This is outrageous I refuse to \like\ " fan pages . I'm also pissed that I can't like it when people join certain pages . " 
the \become a fan\ " button is back =D " 
history channel is filled with bullshit . seriously ?? A Rune stone in Minnesota ? Vikings , Knights Templar , mysterious writings , mysterious stone tower in Newport ... this is the makings of a < PROPFIRST > Brown novel . 
sick yesterday and today -_- throat hurts 
seriously just wasted a lot of time 
learned how to play a synthesizer ( I feel omnipotent on that thing ) , played some violin , chilled with people . looking forward to bigger concerts . B-D 
parents gone all day , at home and nothing to do . I guess that means HOMEWORK !! 
didn't leave my house all day -_- at least I can say now that I'm feeling 100% , no sore throat . 
I wish I was in Saratoga right now ( no joke ) . rofl I'm the wannabe rower 
Now here's a first , I'm finishing up most of my vacation homework before Sunday night . 
yeah I did most of my hoemwork yesterday , so suck it ! hahaha 
so you breath out under water and you take in air from the side ? oh God , I can't see ... -_- 
spending most of rehearsal doing homework . ( rebelious , I know ) 
make up :-( that+5 hour rehearsals make reconsider being in the musical next year 
my mom took the gym clothes outta my bag to make sure I don't run off after school , but that's actually never stopped me , but still , I guess you could say I'm grounded today . I could use it . 
so ummmm .... after the musical ? what to do ... I'll need to work things out . -_- 
lol I love it how my dad randomly gives long lectures on Soviet history , World War II , or once in a while , U.S. military history to any random stranger he has a conversation with . He really taught those insurance agents today . 
wants to see if we will need to use the balcony . 
The Wiz is over .... now what ? heading for a pool ? I've neglected my rowing duties . 
wonders if my Italian American accent is actually a good imitation or if people think it's funny because it sounds like a Bulgarian insult to Italian Americans . ( I really hope it's the first ) . 
I got like 450 friends ? so if anybody here is even a bit Bulgarian let me know lol 
I'm sleeping , getting bad guys in my dream of course , then this huge crack of thunder hits , I think it's a massive explosion in the car behind me and I wake up . homework time ! now this is where the real action is ... 
I'm supposed to relate a Holden Caulfield quote to a specific event in MY life ???? 
feeling depressed now ... good that's inspiration for English . 
I'm sure I won't actually get to row this season , but I'm coming to help out in the next Regatta . 
Within Temptation 
wonders of colleges will google my name and look for race results from xc season . 
blames greek people for this . 
Today is radio day in Russia and Bulgaria to commemorate the invention of the first practical radio receiver by Russian physicist < PROPFIRST > Popov . 
surprisingly happy , maybe not just because it's friday , but that's a mystery . 
walking past someone and going dayum ;) <--- story of my life :P 
daayyyyumm < PROPFEMALE > den Adel is wicked attractive . hahah 
is it just me that's being attacked , or does everyone who ever attempts to say anything to a freshman gets a blow dart in the neck from other freshmen . 
That awkard moment when you beat < PROPFIRST > Phelps in Swimming . -_______- really embarrassing . 
Shawty !!! oh s**t , get your books covered its about to go down ! everyone's got a f ****** translation so stay on your mother ******* toes , Arwe's running this lets go ! 
kinda pissed at the world right now .... freakin oil spill : killing wildlife , destroying the regional tourist and fishing sectors , bigger than Exxon Valdez disaster , The people at BP are the biggest phonies ; freakin budget cuts ruining public schools , keep me posted on budget meetings . 
ok so I just finished catcher in the rye and I caught myself thinking in the exact same sort of wording that Holden Caulfield uses . chemistry making me mad , so maybe that's why . 
flipped out in two classes today . 
lol I think I just went on the most intense < PROPFEMALE > liking binge ever . 
raped a geometry quiz I totally bombed to an oblivion earlier this week . 
catching up on shows on Hulu , a stay at home friday night well spent . 
< PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > on piano : EASY ! 
If that was me rowing that boat they wouldn't need to row , it would be all me rowing both sides in the middle and we would be in first place . 
getting close to making a piano debut on youtube . lol it's about time . I'll be missing tomorrow's Regatta cuz of Church and practice w/ Frozen Eddys . Regattas are like Sunday night football for me these days . 
ok , so I'm coming to the conclusion that facebook has just made it even easier to stalk people . why ? because I'm getting news feed notifications whenever people comment on certain status updates even they comment on statuses of people not on my friends list and I'm getting random links to photos and videos that my friends posted on the side where advertisements are usually placed . 
I don't think I've every procrastinated THIS much on homework . and i thought I had broken my earlier streak . I'm mad tired , slept ALL day . 
<3 MCAS 
made my alternative facebook name < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Sanchez becuase i can . 
final destination -within temptation . amazinnnngg 
So ... I was creepin on Face Book and GUESS WHAT ?!?!... ;) 
facebook doesn't work on google chrome anymore . wtf ??? I'm depressed now . 
lol 
concert ... so sick of the pirates of carribean theme music 
got accepted into ap calculus ! 
Thank you Mr. Smulligan for vouching for me 
is it just me staying later , or are people staying later ? it's the end of the year , admit it , you procrastinate the hell out of your time after school . 
sleeping too much and staying up too late . -____- 
holy crap that's amazing hahahahah . I pressed the google logo and it loads packman right on the < PROPFEMALE > . :p 
Never thought I would live to see the day someone I know reaches the maximum possible number of facebook < PROPFEMALE > likes . hahahahahahahah . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Michelson is now a legend . 
< PROPMALE > should not cut ANYTHING from < PROPMALE > High . how about raising the property taxes , which are the lowest in the state ? EARTH TO CONGRESS AND THE WHITE HOUSE : CUT THE DEFICIT . I hope you guys are right about healthcare reform lowering costs . you should also consider the fact that nearly half of Americans don't actually pay federal taxes and that corporations that outsource need to stop getting all those tax credits 
in a tux riding a extended wheelbase Chry$ler 300c Srt8 with a custom rolls < PROPFIRST > grill and chrome accents with gangsta rap playing in the background ;P . actually , my mom's station wagon . 
why is it I check the purdue owl and MLA format < PROPFEMALE > format is different from what I remember learning from Goggin freshman year ? not coool . 
Many of you may not have heard of Bulgaria , some of you may not know where to find it on a map , but you have all been there , in your dreams at night when you sleep . A land of cheap vodka , no drug laws , mechanical bulls on the beach , & waterslides . A land of cafes with inflatable furniture , the land of g-strings , & see through pants , the land of topless sunbathing . hahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah ;P 
WHAT THE FREAK !!! facebook pages need to die . stop joining them already and what about those ones that have names that take up PAGES . so obnoxious . ok screw it I'm a hypocrite . I hope everyone reaches that 5000 page/friend limit soon . 
you know , not every guy owns a copy of COD , including myself , and I personally don't like sandwiches . ;) 
so for my English research project it's a choice between working on something related to video games or girls . great ... -___- 
this is the kinda whether in which I take out my ol ' violin and play impromptu < PROPFEMALE > folk tunes to serenade the neighbors . 
Dear Latin , I know we're going through a rough patch in our relationship , but I won't let you go . I still remember when I first met you and we were doing so well together . \ 
Love , < PROPMALE > 
HOLY CRAP !! I can compose . ugh I don't have time to write it down and it's different every time I play it , but I think I got something really good going on them keys . 
OMG I just spoke in front of the city council O___O '' \ 
and ITALIAN MADE SHOES for 15 bucks , my life is complete . 
Garumna Flumen !!!! ahahah I just love the way it sounds . 
SAVE < PROPMALE > HIGH SCHOOL FROM BUDGET CUTS ! I'll be providing the torches , you'll have to bring your own pitchfork :P 
\Like\ " this status & I will write on your wall something I like about you . Set this as your status if your man enough :D .. keep it moving ! " 
feel free to txt me I guess . 
???????, ?????.? ?????? ? ??????? ??? ????? ? ??? ?? ??????? (///__-') 
ugh . why am I so damn clumsy and out of it lately >_< every other thing I do either gets me yelled at or costs me points on something . 
I love how songs by Eminem can easily be the soundtrack to my life . 
Holy crap I'm gonna kill myself if I forget to get a physical form before the end of the year . ugh I feel like I'm gonna forget . If I don't get my physical form I might end up having to do marching band . :/ 
it's amazing what skype convo's about latin disintegrate into . 
DONE WITH LATIN II !!!! to all the current freshmen taking Latin II next year : time nigrum ossem !!! 
I did it for me , Admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you , So I could come back a brand new me , you helped see me throughAnd don’t even realise what you did 
dream : become a famous composer after getting a degree from Burklee College of Music and be and keyboardist/violinist for a famous band while maintaining a career as a solo artist . ehhhhh , not , be a bio-chemical engineer or some shit like that . :/ 
so this is my first night with no latin to think about and I've been posting a lot of statuses . 
Frozen Eddys concert later . 
keepin it real in the hood 
back from an adventure down around appleton street 
wow lol they have an oregon trail farmville type game now . before you start sending requests , no I will not join your wagon train , neither am I helping you hunt buffalo , nor giving you medicine . or at least that's what I'm assuming \frontierville is about \"" 
i skip the tan and go directly to sunburn 
from tomorrow onward imma hit the boulevard , hit the pool , hit the beach , hit the town , and hit the gym , and spike up that hair = B-) . and get contacts ? 
sophomore year was terrible . end of story . 
This is why I need to learn how to swim WELL . 
if anyone is doing anything or hanging out anywhere or has any plans , or there are captain's practices for crew or xc or something .... facebook me , skype me , text me , or call me . :P 
First person to like this status will be my last name for the rest of next week . put this as your status and see who you get 
March 14 , 2015 9:26:53 will be EPIC . that's my 21st birthday !!!! not only is it gonna be digits of pi , but I'm also gonna be able to legally go to a pub and party it up !! hahahah awesome . that's going to be my best birthday ever . 3/14/15/ 9:26:53 
I'm still < PROPMALE > Stanchev and facebook hasn't let me change my last name . 
2:2 the U.S had that goal ! wth ref ? 
back from a 7.1 mile bike ride anyone up for toy story 3 ? 
oh Chheangkea Oukmohammedlongnguyenpangsuero Tivpatelmichelsonstanchevlimou hahahah dayumn that's crazy . 
now more people are staying later now that there's no homework due the next day ????? weird .... 
too hot to run and I got mad blisters 
lol just submitted an application to volunteer at < PROPMALE > Historical National Park . 
Me and ________ make a cute couple . ( fill in the blank ) Post this on your wall and see how many names you get . 
LOL LOL dad . your scared that I'll panic at the wheel and would crash , so you refuse to teach me yourself and yet you also refuse to pay for driving lessons ( which are required I think ) in which the cars have pedals on both sides . now how is a guy supposed to learn how to operate an automobile ? 
Random fact : mozart was a big fan of poop and butt jokes , which can be found in his letters to his cousin < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Thekla Mozart and one line found in his canons translates literally to \lick thou me in-the arse\ " or \ " kiss my ass\ " in American English " 
can't understand women . 
standing in barefoot in a muddy puddle in the middle of an old motor boat and whiping gunk offa bouys . yeah , i live for this shit . such is life on the river 
If you \like\ " this status I'll confess to you my first impression of you when we met ! Then Put this as your status ! " 
I seriously don't understand the soccer button on the youtube video player . All I hear is a crap load of vuvuzelas 
my dad is listening to radio broadcasts from Moscow with his super radio receiver . AWESOME they're talking about the Bp oil spill 
:( USA off the world cup 
lfiting weights while watching iCarly , enjoying my lifestyle as a bamf 
Downloaded an ancient waterbending scroll as a desktop background . heck yes !!!! but I would like to say , that i believe that earth is my true element . :D 
who says Americans don't care about soccer ? I mean football . whenever there's a goal in the world cup it floods my news feed with soccer related statuses . 
too hot to run -_______-''' 
would like an Intrepid Class Resolute Z1 . sounds like something from a scifi movie , but this shit's real . 
Lately , besides quidditch , and rowing , Bulgaria doesn't really have anything going for it . so apparently crew is a big sport in my mother country . O_O 
omg my dad just saw a black widow . i had no idea they went this far north O_o 
I'm such a lazy fool , it's starting to drive me nuts . At this point I can't seem to do anything productive unless I'm told to ... or forced to . 
come to The Miscellaneous Items Show tomorrow 5 o'clock at Rocko's in Manchester NH . Tickets sold at my house or < PROPMALE>'s house . if you're interested call or text at ( 978)-888-1538 or 978-761-2281 ( my numba ) 
reviews in : The Last Airbender sucks ... the big one . 
hey are you free friday night ? \ 
\ 
yes\ 
then why dont you come see frozen eddys . tickets $10\ 
sweet ! \ 
great , well be at rockos in manchester . \ 
manchester ? i just remembered i have work that night ... 
The fact that I have to go all the way to manchester NH is creating problems for me js ... and selling tickets was hard cuz it's that far . 
on the roaf with my ban !! riding a convertible B ) 
on the road with my band !! riding a convertible B ) 
how many people get to play in the first rock concert they've ever been to ?? lol I think it was my first , can't think of a time I've been to a place like Rocko's 
You may not realize this , but even though I'm Bulgarian and all , I love this country and I'm the type who buys American and blames all our problems on outsourcing . 
I'll let you in on a secret . Greek Orthodox alter boys usually talk mostly about girls . 
So the official < PROPMALE > 4th of July fireworks are tomorrow ? O_o that's wack 
I really have nothing to do right now , and it feels kinda depressing now . 
Got a pretty awesome volunteer job at the folk fest . I'll be helping to record performances and will be clarifying titles of songs as an archivist assistant for the Library of Congress .... I feel important . :) 
Frozen Eddys is performing tomorrow at Stick It To Em ' Benefit for LHS Budget Cuts . lulz if facebook is any measure of how many people are gonna be there , this might be our biggest event yet . 
you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ;D 
just found out that my dad has a paramilitary inflatable boat for six with emergency oars and room for a motor in the basement . he would ... :) 
I don't understand how the stereotype of popular people being assholes came from . the people I see as popular just have better social skills . I think it's just tv show producers reflecting on how they were rejected by the ' popular girl ' who went out with the jock they were jealous of . 
haha like this status & i will tell you what i like about you , dislike , my first impression , & confession . 
sorrry , but I'm sick of writing on people's walls now hahaha . like my previous status if you must , but you will be disappointed that nothing will happen . 
actually gonna watch the world cup final , haven't watched soccer since the U.S lost . 
< PROPFIRST > the Oracle Octopus HAS SPOKEN !!!! Spain shall be bringing home the world cup . I'm not really rooting for anyone since the U.S. isn't in it though . 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My horoscope just told me that I'm attracted to someone special , but I won't share my feelings but I could transfer the unexpressed energy into work that is truly appreciated . so it's basically telling to WRITE A SONG !! lmao . I was thinking of writing a song anyway . I kinda need to for my band , but I suck at poetry . 
LIKE BUTTONS ARE BROKEN !!!!!! Panic * hyperventilates * grabs paper bag * 
now how does one begin to write a song . once you start the rest should probably be easy . right ? 
just read a very dirty Scientific American article O_o 
I'm sick of most of the music I got ( except the classical stuff ) . NEED MUSIC 
Happy Bastille Day !! woot . my second favorite patriotic holiday next to July 4th . :D 
quatorzième heureux de Juillet ! 
I think I'll keep my french revolution profile picture . 
Grand Theft Auto IV is so badass awesome with a bunch of characters from eastern Europe , I want it LOL . so < PROPMALE > needs to get it along with a PS3 :P 
starting history summer assignment ... oh joy ... 
VersaEmerge currently favorite band thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
deleting facebook pages that are only completely relevant to me or totally off the wall badass or conceited ( which is also relevant to me ) :D . let's see if I can get it down to a couple hundred LOL 
got a letter with all my forms from the Athletic office lets see ... hmm should I report to the boathouse , August 26 or Shedd Park , or maybe skip it all together and join band . 
damnit crew or cross country ? :P I don't wanna suffer through another season of XC cuz I can't run , but I can at least be a decent novice with potential for varsity rowing . can't wait to go swimming monday . :D 
gaaaahhh you know you've hit bottom when you're addicted to a cheap facebook flash game . thank you < PROPFIRST > Rocha for giving me a massive high score to beat at warzone tower defense LOL . I'm getting offa this . 
columbian fiesta !! woot :P 
tired from my relatively unimpressive five mile attempt at a run . maybe I shouldn't have had a McDonalds Angus Burger and and fries an hour before I went . 
it's national ice cream day ?? why do I need CNN to tell me this shit ?? 
making a playlist on my phone for runs and exercise ... making it mad G and putting all rap and gangsta beats . B ) 
OMG I love rap music suddenly . O_O and it used to be just Eminem I listened to from that genre . 
HOLY CRAP I just heard an < PROPFIRST > vivaldi influence in rap . wowww . and I'm the only one who sees the connection probably XD . 
Me : wow can you believe 52 people are online at this time of night ? \ 
Dad : This is sick , you guys need to find something better to do and go screw each other . :) 
LOLZ SWIMMING :) 
recording , writing down logs , and verifying song names , and archiving for the Library of Congress , I'll be like that white lady from Black < PROPFEMALE > Sings . 
Skype shall be the next uber awesome thing that will be as ubiquitous as google , facebook , and ipods . I would expand to include full social networking maybe ? it's already insanely popular in Europe with every Bulgarian out there having a skype account . 
* I believe in Jesus Christ . Put this as your staus . DON'T JUST IGNORE THISbecause in The Bible it says if you deny Him , He will deny you infront of His Father in the Gates of Heaven . This is the simplest test : If you love God and you are not ashamed of it , post this on your wall :) * 
Changing my facebook language to Russian ... I'm not Russian , but I can understand it enough to make it my facebook language . 
I have a confession to make , I'm addicted to the facebook like buttons . 
now why does Russian have to use multiple long words to describe basic facebook functions . I'm tired of reading it all GAH , and I'm not used to working with Cyrillic letters . 
< PROPFIRST > lavender at the worthen house ! 
got to work alone on a table next to the sound engineers at Dutton and JFK plaza , with a clip board , a recording device , writing down logs for all the performances , talking to all the performers I worked for , and took a group photo with the Jamaican reggae band that was there . EFFF YES !!!!! 
Next time I sit down on a drum set , I swear I'm gonna attempt to do a power metal drum solo . I think I know how it's done , I wish I had a drum set to practice on , sick of air drumming and being a total wannabe . 
Hoping for a really awesome week ahead even though I have nothing planned . 
All these infra structure updates they're working on around < PROPMALE > is good . They're repaving half of the highlands , building a new storm drain by fox hall , but they're cutting my internet at random cuz they're putting in broadband cables and that pisses me off . 
It's my observation that relationship statuses have been changing like crazy the last 24 hours . 
a pool all to myself with 5 life guards . I has opulence . 
really underestimated the shear addictiveness of Spore . i thought I hated that game lol 
BEACH !!! 
just looked at my fb messages and saw that I had a conversation with Cat Woman some a month ago . 
the internet is so much more awesome now that they improved the infrastructure . I <3 fiber optics . 
Reunion with friends from before I moved to < PROPMALE > ?????? YES !!!! I used to live in Woburn . I've lived in < PROPMALE > since I was in second grade I only remember a couple first names . HOW DO THEY REMEMBER ME !?!?! btw , I came to American when I was 1 . :D 
I'm still remembered in Woburn < PROPFEMALE > :') . I must have really rocked the place . That was 9 years ago . 
Someone motivate me to do my summer assignments , please . 
Going to the library to do my work tomorrow , let's just pray they don't have wifi or that they have really crappy wifi so I don't end up on youtube or facebook -_______- 
There are approximately 8- 10.8 million ethnic Bulgarians in the world and up to 300,000 of them live in the United States . 
The giant Civil War frescoes on the second floor reading room of the Pollard remind me why I'm there , AP History motha effa 
I suddenly feel like writing a scientifically plausible and deeply spiritual scifi thriller . 
I love those people that I don't think I've never met before , yet I happen to interact with them a lot online , but that's only cuz of our large number of mutual friends . 
being forced by my old friend < PROPFEMALE > to sing < PROPMALE > , Airplanes , hot and cold , RESPECT , party in the USA , and I forget what through my phone . -__________________- I've lost all my self respect haven't I , 
after reading a bunch of review online , I really prefer to just go to Japan as part of a study abroad program lol , I'm assuming people to people sent that invite to A LOT of people and they aren't as selective as they say . 
listening to rap music while I ride my bike toward downtown makes me feel safer , it fits my surroundings ( I need to go through the crappy part of the acre to get downtown ) , and now I have a shirt with a picture of a AK-47 and a bunch of text in Russian , yeah that's right , don't mess with me . 
starting right now Imma stay offa facebook until I give in ..... 
I stop at a Papa < PROPMALE>'s in Woburn and two of the people there ( one of whom works there ) were Bulgarian ... weird . 0_o 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > Rojas I have been inspired to make piano covers of Lady Gaga songs , among other pop songs . I already got bad romance down . 
True overconfidence and hubris merely exposes insecurities , rather than actual confidence that has gone astray . 
through careful research and analysis I've finally figured out the meaning to the song \ < PROPMALE >.\" it's actually about a gay guy < PROPMALE > ( < PROPFIRST > from his perspective ) who's in love with a married man . " 
I feel like timing is really running out quickly ugh , I have shit to do yo and business to take care of and I feel uncertain about this upcoming school year . 
I love facebook chats with really ghetto language . 
went in a pool WITH MY PHONE IN MY POCKET , why do swim trunks even have pockets ??? took it apart , dried it off , put it mostly back together , leaving the screen to try off more , everything else in it works ... being a total geek right now and attempting to get shit done fixed !!!!! 
Phoneless ! I did my best and almost saved my phone .... the water probably permanantly damaged the liquid < PROPFEMALE > in the screen . :( 
crew or cross country ?? thinks for twp seconds * yeah crew , sorry guys , but I still love my XC pals . captains practices and maybe swimming later tomorrow . idk man , swimming ... hmm I think i got it :P 
Just made a Tumblr account , but I have no idea what to blog about . hahaha 
learning some web programming ... I think I'm starting to get this . hahah 
ANYONE WHO HAS MY NUMBA , TEXT ME !!! GOT a replacement phone in the mail , same number ... 
again , if you have my number , please text me so I can put you in my contacts . I just got a replacement phone . and if don't have my number , feel free to get it on my profile and TEST IT 
still needing < PROPFIRST > here ... 
I've come to the conclusion that my Tumblr mini/micro or whatever you like to call it blog , is BORING beyond words . -______- 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; Courage to change the things I can ; And wisdom to know the difference . \ 
reposted from Chandeliz Solymar < PROPFEMALE > Noonan 
freestyle raps * ... two hundred and fifty years of unrequited toil shall be sunk , and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword , as was said three thousand years ago , so still it must be said , that the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether . word . 
I've been seeing steadily more and more people online on facebook . That could only mean one thing , more people are doing summer assignments now . 
guys it's midnight , why are so many of you still online ?? 
Free calls to anywhere in the U.S or Canada directly from my gmail < PROPFEMALE > :D :D . ain't that shit cool as hell man ? 
strangely motivated to finish my summer assignments :) . < PROPFEMALE>'s Vineyard tomorrow . 
if you talk to the cashiers on marthas vineyaed , theres a good < PROPMALE > , they're bulgarian college students who come here for summer jobs ( or some other obscure slavic country ) O.o only language i spoke here was bulgarian . 
how come every facebook status i can see from my phone is about schedules ? i honestly dont give a crap . i dont know my schedule cuz im on the cape . 
pRACtisss wYth d@ crUe teMe @t 2 ? 
Mrs. O'Neil playing some role in my education for THE 3rd YEAR IN A ROW !!! EFFF YESSS !!!! 
just outa curiousity two see how screwed I am relative to everyone else . how far have you gotten on your summer assignments ? 
whoa so , am I the only one who doesn't seem to have a messed up schedule ? 
who else has Lunch 1 ?? 
missed a pep rally for < PROPFIRST > lavender , yeah , my mom couldn't take no for an answer :P 
? Taken ? Single ? Pimpin reposted from < PROPFEMALE > Ciccarelli hahahahah 
wait isn't tomorrow the last day of summer vacation ? unless you're NOT in highschool 
now that I realize english is due the 7th , I'm pumped for school , and proud of my flawlessly put together schedule ( pure luck ) . a little nervous about crew . 
i'm < PROPFEMALE > pumped to see everybody :D 
why is it every year i get outa my car to go to school i dont recognize anybody as if its a different school ? that what i love about < PROPMALE > high 
what ? the government can't afford AC ? but I'm relaxing comfortably in a working class home with greatly superior AC ? 
It's a miracle from heaven that my ORIGINAL schedule that I got in the mail was perfect and the one I got today was exactly the same . government bureaucracy loves me apparently . 
wait what ? did I miss Jersey shore ? oh well lol . :P I don't give a crap . 
BATTEN DOWN THE HATCHES ! WE GOT A HURRICANE A COMMIN !!! 
I need to practice some freestylin ... yeah . 
so why don't you sit down , listen to the tale I'm about to tell , we don't gotta trade no shoes , and you don't gotta walk no thousand < PROPMALE > . 
OMG gmail priority box is freaking psychic O_O . I didn't even have to do anything except press on their link and it organized my email exactly how I wanted . 
wow , I just found the most Communist youtube channel yet , all Soviet anthems , and Russian folk music preformed by the Red Army Choir . wow , just wow . it's amazing what free speech on the internet can lead to . 
AP calc is easy ;) 
I'm so dedicated that I do homework instead of watching US Open , well , actually I'm doing work that coulda been done a long time ago . 
yeuuh 100 friends currently online :D . first time I've gotten over 90 
I would pussy out in the deep end ... I would . 
Lock my belongings , line up for roll call , get escorted outside , walk four laps with a bunch of people that look like trouble , only talk to the men that have earned my trust , and get escorted back in . yeah , sounds like prison doesn't it ? no , it's my gym class . 
lol xc , then swimming in the winter XD and crew in the spring . idk , society , can you please let me just stay home and do my work ? sports are too much trouble . and I can't tread water for crap . 
all that's left to do is make lady gaga covers for the piano . sits down dramatically * 
gah , quick your bickering !! it's 9/11 , why did you guys have to ruin it by protesting right next to ground zero ? at this point I'm gonna make sure to keep shaving so people don't think I'm Muslim . btw , what happened to that Greek Orthodox Church that was destroyed in the attacks ??? yeahh ... I hear it hasn't been built shame on you . Orthodox Christian happens to be the one religion I identify with . 
wow this bed intruder video is really popular O_o 
im doing calculus instead of watching the vmas 
lady gaga !!!!!!! musical genius . 
so i was walking down one of the tunnels and a run into a fight . they were blocking the way so i went through it . 
my legs feel like sh ! t . and that's considered a good thing . 
wow first it was < PROPMALE > Dodson , and now a bunch of people are sharing the \Fighter\ " Trailer in a huge wave of facebook links . :O " 
being sent to a secret U.S high security prison in the Arctic would definitely ruin my weekend . 
hmmm application for headmaster's advisory panel ? oh crap ..... idk what to say . 
parents not home ... time to crank up the tunes !!! * opens huge ass binder , a calc book , and turns on the classical music * yea , that's how it's done . 
I'm so sick of my life , I hate how it's going . I'm a sleep deprived and soon to be psychotic because of a strife against maniac scholars , and I'm catching a cold , this is making me sick . maybe I'm trying too hard . 
too sick to work or race :( 
ran a mile more than necessary O_o now thats a first . 
looking up terms for AP history , can't find the one I'm looking for , but while I was at it I find out from the index that my book mentions < PROPFEMALE > . 
how does one find the motivation to do any homework on Saturday ? :/ 
watching hey < PROPMALE > on youtube thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Crowe and Aamer Zazu Nizami who reminded of it . 
hannibal crossed the Alps and invaded Italy with an army of elephants , what a bamf . 
race !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So here's the plan , take it easy , doing theater and a bit of volunteering at the national park in the fall , to get the grades up , and then once I figure out this school thing , maybe I'll try swimming in the fall ( what am getting myself into ) , and for the spring ? theater ?, nah I like working out , get me a seat on that varsity a boat will ya ? ( that won't happen ) . \ 
GAH MY GRADES !!!! D-: I hate highschool !!! 
tips for picking up the ladies : keep it real , under no circumstance can you wear a < PROPFEMALE > pack , make sure to mention that you're in a rock band , accents are always a plus unless faked , and believe me , they're not interested in your interpretation of The Communist Manifesto or a historical analysis of its impact . 
Sunday regattas are my equivalent of Sunday night football . and in other news , I wanna get back into cross country :/ 
The dopamine rush I get from getting a right answer on my physics webassign makes it addictive as hell . 
lol why not ? Dear _____ , Youre ____ . If we were in a room together I'd ______ . If you kissed me I would________ . I love your _______ . I'm glad _______ ! 
you know what , that's was the last time I ever write a status in which I'm obliged to write on your wall if you like it . O______O I can't write letters to 25 people . 
watching the Chilean miners being rescued :D 
LOL joining the swim team in the winter ???? ;D 
English essay I had no idea about until a few minutes ago ? let's get some sh ** done !!!!!! 
So I'm waking to my locker and Mr. Daley yells , \UP AGAINST THE WALL !!!!! \ " and he pats me down ( just my backpack ) looking if I stole his cookies and then he asks if I was responsible for there being none left . " 
College fair was fun . took a brochure from every college that isnt an < PROPMALE > school and the marines ( just curious ) 
Happy Birthday to both < PROPFEMALE > Hyde and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Som-Dubreuil !! 
I wanna be a pioneer and live on the first permanent human settlement on mars someday . 
so second day of head of the < PROPFIRST > was today .... anyone know if there were any boats from Bulgaria competing ?? :D 
LOL looking up a teenage chick flick that was released last month for an English project . It's probably still in theaters . AWESOME 
Applying as a Congressional < PROPFEMALE > ? this should be interesting . The U.S Congress won't know what hit it once I walk in . 
I enjoy the fact that all modern Bulgarian music I've heard so far has a Latin Rhythm . They know how to party over in the old country ;) 
going to that xc meet today made me wish I could run it . 
click \see freindship\ " on any wallpost and browse through all interactions among your friends on facebook since the beginning of time . " 
personally , I've never been into holloween anyway . \ 
but like this status if you can't go trick or treating because of homework ! 
just got an email with the congressional < PROPFEMALE > application ...... gasp :O I've never had a paid job and now I'm applying for a job in the U.S Congress . I'm really aiming high with this one . 
Yeah , I know nobody knows where it comes and where it goes , I know it's everybody's sin , You got to lose to know how to win 
I ask for help on my calculus homework and my mom pulls out a textbook in Russian outa nowhere ... 
literally stapled my thumb in history class today .... but strangely enough I didn't need a bandage , and I don't even have a bruise . 
I honestly don't feel like asking my parents for the $40 dollars I need for harvest ..................... 
gah !!! someone in Mrs. Earley's class needs to tell me what the calc homework is . 
< PROPFEMALE > Rogers is my probably one of the best friends I'll ever have ... j.s. and people shouldn't jump to any conclusion either way . 
Now I embody every characteristic of the egotistic\ 
He know , he so , f*****’ gifted\ 
I just needed time alone , with my own thoughts\ 
Got treasures in my mind but couldn’t open up my own vault\ 
My childlike creativity , purity and honesty\ 
Is honestly being prodded by these grown thoughts\ 
Reality is catchin’ up with me\ 
Takin’ my inner child , I’m fighting for it , custody 
how does one write a personal statement ?? D-: uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ....... 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran , or support the Troops 
My grandfather on my mother's side , was drafted to fight for an ally of Nazi Germany in World War II , but was able to escape the draft by having good connections , while my other grandfather was a medic , so he was never forced to fight for the Nazis . YES !!! they were lucky . 
i think I got beaten at piano by someone who's never taken lessons :'( >:( 
I hoped I stay feeling as good as I have all this week . 
wow almost all the names on my people you may know list are either spanish or ghetto sounding . 
wow ... i think i still wanna join the swim team ... 
Here's my take on the Thorton Wilder play , Our Town . Although it may seem the dullest thing you've read so far , it's message is that people don't appreciate what they have . Most of it describes the life of average Americans living in an average American town in New England ... but the powerful message is revealed by the end . 
I walked into < PROPMALE > Dominguez's physics class and I could hear Spanish guitar music come up in my mental ipod . hahaha 
Chopin Etude Op 25 No . 12 , and op . 25 no . 11 . best music humanly possible . I'm probably gonna end up learning it eventually just cuz I want to so bad :D . 
here we go again . same story as the vma's: my parents watching the ama's while i do homework . \justin beiber is gay\ " - mom . " 
if you're in AP physics ... can you tell me if there is any take home open response for the test ?? if so , what is it ? 
AP physics BEAST MODE ON so I don't have to ask < PROPMALE > for an extension , even though I deserve one cuz I never got the copy of his solutions for all the homework . 
lol I enjoy discovering music by googling people's poetic statuses ( cuz I tend to assume it's lyrics ) 
created one of those facebook posts that anyone on facebook can like and I have 91 likes in one day . yeah , I'm cool . 
who wants to see HP 7 with me ??? lolz xD 
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY EVERYBODY !!!!!! 
thinking about what you're thankful for is hard when it's easy to take everything for granted . so be thankful for that ! 
f *** shopping ! black friday is the day to sleep in and do my homework 
nearly done all my homework ... and it's not even dark yet . 
swimming and track start tomorrow :D I'm doing both , and skiing , but no , I'm not doing basketball I hate that sport . LOL 
not sure if I even have time for a winter sport :O 
way more variety this year ! I'm gonna half to be on stage for next battle of the bands . 
volunteering and doing absolutely nothing ... texts are good . 
an american outfitters shirt from 2008 AD behind a glass case in a textile museum exhibit ... now ive seen everything . 
I wanna learn how to sketch so bad !!!! making me look forward to the extra time of Christmas vacation . 
I look at everyone's cartoon pictures and frankly they are all exactly what I would expect from everyone considering their personality . 
didn't finish my xc season so eff sports awards . 
very unproductive night 
I don't feel like doing anything tonight 
should move up to mid-distance if not to a full mile . I did terribly and i wasnt at all tired . 
Vienna Boys Choir at the < PROPMALE > Memorial Auditorium . I'm too phosisticated for Jingle Ball . B-| 
I need some new music to listen too and I don't feel like browsing youtube 
I still don't own any early 18th century clothing for retro day . now how am I gonna go as J.S. Bach ? LOL everyone else is gonna go as either a hippie or an 1980s rock < PROPFEMALE > , but I'll at least aim for early 20th century . 
nhs thing . I wish it was as special and awesome as my gym teachers and the headmaster make it sound . 
probably gonna end up going as < PROPMALE > Shrute from the The Office B-| 
skype just made it scarily easy to get people's < PROPFIRST > and get people's skype contacts by adding a facebook feed . social network integration/consolidation = ultimate stalking too . 
came to school wearing a business suit and outdated glasses hoping to make a paper sale , that's whatsup . 
greaser tomorrow ? B-D 
caught someone stealing my motorcycle after school and then beat the crap outa them . they gonna think twice before they mess with me . 
This status is dedicated as a shout out to < PROPMALE > Suero who found out today that he was accepted at MIT as an early decision applicant . * pause for applause * \ 
thank you all for the support !! * more applause * 
by the way for those that dont know that wasnt an Italian flag i was running around , it was bulgarian . 
they changed the forecast AGAIN . now it's gonna snow tomorrow , Tuesday AND Wednesday . 
I just had sex and it felt so good ! 
c'mon!!! snow harder !!! alright , I'm gonna need a fire pit and a goat ... pagan rituals always do the trick . :P 
I think it should be against the law to have any school related < PROPFEMALE > nt on a day of religious observance . \ 
As a conservative talk show host like < PROPFIRST > Beck would say having track on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is a left wing conspiracy to reduce the priority of religion in order to push forth a communist agenda , control our beliefs and create an atheistic totalitarian regime . D-: 
salsa , beans , and chips at a Greek Orthodox Church for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and ABSOLUTELY no Baklava ??? the world's gone mad . 
I got a crowbar ready just in case the upcoming snow apocalypse also involves zombies . 
i know skippers lie about this a lot on track , but I actually had a dentist appointment 
I have 666 friends . woot ! demonic numerology ftw . xD 
felicem annum novum habeatis ! \ 
MMXI ! 
found someone else in the area from the Old Country . at least now I know I'm not the only high school age Bulgarian in the Greater < PROPMALE > area . 
So apparently the human brain has the been shrinking for the past 20,000 years , which doesn't mean that humans are getting dumber , but that it's affecting how compassionate our individuals are . I find that to be very good news for human civilization . 
gonna need a full 88 key keyboard for a history presentation < PROPMALE > Francoeur , you can keep my crappy keyboard , at least until I want it back , which is unlikely . :P 
they got f***ing snow in the deep South , I'm talking cotton growing , with a southern drawl , Alabama , Mississippi , and < PROPFEMALE > here . :O yeah , snow it would be nice if you get up here this week . so much for global warming . 
if you want something to seem all smart and phosisticated just put on Bach's Brandenburg concerto No . 3 in the background and boom you know what you're talking about . ;D 
my goal is to actually get some useful procrastination instead of wasting my time doing absolutely nothing . 
wait so was coach serious about there being practice today ? hahah yeah sure , good one . 
so a status update from one of my old friends in Woburn tells me school is canceled there for tomorrow . I used to live in Woburn lol . 
at this point I don't think < PROPMALE > is gonna close tomorrow . 
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD !!!! OHHH !!!!! yeah ... OH ! 
I miss the days when I used to rock the concert halls of Leipzig , Vienna , and touring across the lands , playing for popes and emperors . In those days I was known as the greatest harpsichordist and organist in all of Europe . 
I enjoy having a friend who would randomly on a saturday ask me to do calc homework with him through facebook . :D unusually productive saturday . 
Mrs. Earley and Mrs. Bascuñán joined forces to make a torturous calculus packet I spent 5 hours working on and I'm only halfway done . calculus , you win this battle , but I got Amaya Ngu and Johann < PROPMALE > Bach on my side . 
Attendance at track was HORRIBLE . Only 6 or so JV sprinters were there and only a few varsity sprinters were there . everyone who wasn't there should go on a 30 minute run . 
I miss the days when I rocked the concert halls of Leipzig , Vienna , touring all the lands , and playing for kings , emperors , and popes . In those days I was known as the greatest harpsichordist and organist in all of Europe . 
I've take procrastination to an atrocious level today ... in related news , Piers < PROPFIRST > is a surprisingly good < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > replacement . 
we're having school tomorrow 
truth is I'm terrible at static equilibrium problems , maybe it's cuz it's 1 AM 
5 to 8 inches ? im putting my money on the fact that the city plows will over achieve and there will be school . 
Robot Unicorn Attack O__O :D 
track people ... is the sunday practice mandatory for everyone ? 
no school tomorrow !!!!!! canceled indefinitely due to impending ice age . government officials warn of frostbyte and hypothermia while zombie experts are mulling over the unexplained increase in zombie activity . 
last time it was this cold they canceled school ( I'm serious ) . one time it was -9 in the morning with a windchill of -30 and they decided it was too dangerous to let kids go out in that weather and tomorrow's forcaste is a low of -10 . just a thought ... 
can't get to practice :( 
so there are people who like doing weird shit to pianos like setting them on fire and then putting them on sandbars in beaches as a form of artistic expression ? you ain't getting your hands my piano and don't even think about violins !!! 
funny how people seem to get bored so easily O_o . 
I got bored of the liberal bias on CNN ( more agreeable than conservative bias , but still ) and I'm actually watching jersey shore right now . this is my first time . I know crazy , I had trouble finding what channel MTV is . 
could the cast of jersey shore do us a favor and stop swearing so much ? those censor beeps are getting annoying . >__< 
jersey shore lacks the intellectual stimulation I crave ... for real ... time for some uhh classical music and looking up < PROPFEMALE > clips on the PBS website or something to restore my IQ to it's pre- Jersey Shore level . 
In the mood for some latin music . 
am I the only one looking forward to another 10-20 inches of snow this week ? 
5 day school weeks ?? what are those ? 
so my physics test tomorrow is all about music ? I could easily handle that if it was scales , chords , and theory , but it's all about wave dynamics and physics-y stuff . 
just as the birds lost their wonder once man conquered the skies , snow days have lost their wonder once they became a weekly thing . 
I don't get groundhog day ... if the groundhog doesn't see his shadow that mean's it's most likely snowing outside . would we he wanna come out ???? 
I've run better races ... but at least it wasn't too too off . 
so I just woke up from a long nap .... and I had this pretty vivid dream that for some strange reason < PROPMALE > Gervais moved from comedy to paranormal activity and that I was following his film crew in a new show based on hauntings in < PROPMALE > , but it turned out that all the ghosts were fake . this probably has meaning ... 
someone needs to scan me the pages on which the assigned calculus problems are located >_< 
I don't follow American Football ... or sports in general .... 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh people on the internet these days ..... how can you find it funny to go around \trolling\ " on \ " RIP\ " and memorial facebook pages by posting disgusting pictures and writing bull**** ? I really wanna know who are these people and how they can learn . " 
MIT the flash game > robot unicorn attack 
I find that I can't remember raps , but then I put on the instrumental , JUST the instrumental to Loose Yourself by Eminem , and I know all the words ... awesome ... 
I seem to have accidentally deleted a bunch of my contacts while my phone is squashed by textbooks in my bag ... so UNLESS your name is Aamer Nizami < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Nate Tenczar < PROPMALE > Mastas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Durkin < PROPFEMALE > Rogers < PROPFEMALE > Beaudry < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFEMALE > Larocque . TEXT ME ! 
all nighter ? that's what I get for being sick one day in the most homework heavy week since the beginning of the year . 
so now that Muburak stepped down from power , the 18 days of nonstop 24/7 protest is over , are they gonna now have a massive nonstop street party for the next 3 weeks ? get some sleep guys , seriously , I was baffled by those 3am live shots of street mobs , you got what you wanted . I think this will end peacefully , I've thought that from the beginning . 
Born this way released today and I already had a piano cover request for that song a week ago , time to get some listening done . B-] 
Valentines day is stupid and pointless regardless of relationship status ... 
:'( and I can't even watch the grammys now 
so I saw a commercial , I think it was by the california tourist agency and it had < PROPFIRST > Kardashian ( or maybe a look-alike ) sitting in a bikini at a pool reading a large book that said \quantum physics\ " on the cover O_o hahahaha " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was a classical composer ??? and a really good one :O .... I thought all he was known for was being the greatest astronomer in his day , most famous for discovering Uranus . It's people like that that you can't help but admire . 
so many huge revolutionary protests in so many countries at the same time ... does this even have any historical precedent ? Tunisia , Egypt , Bahrain , Yemen , Libya , and Iran ( maybe to a lesser extent ) . what do they even have to complain in Bahrain ? 
STFU - \Southern Tenant Farmer's Union\ " LOL New Deal alphabet soup <3 " 
whatever I'm writing , I know has to do something with transcendentalism ..... 
yeah yeah , some ghetto ass shit went down today in < PROPMALE > . no need to post a status about it , but I posted one anyway . 
Take me back to Italy !! :( I want to someday spend at least a month there ... just time , a good map , friends , and someone Italian to help me around . that is of course , unless I learn the language . 
sat on the piano and started playing runescape music with both hands harmonizing in the manner of the baroque style ... considering how long haven't played the game .. thats creepy . 
they finally sent out the invitations ! now what shall I wear to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > wedding ? I need to find a suit that stands out :O 
reliving my childhood on youtube ? YESS !!!!!!! I love how Disney and Viacom just let these 90s cartoons slip through their own copyrights :D 
Wiz Khalifa ? 
What if I start writing and performing gangsta rap :O * proverbial light bulb turns on * 
Dubstep ? 
colleges haven't been sending me junk mail yet :( . this is worrying me even though I probably don't need to give a crap about it . 
In order to give off the impression of high intellectual acuity , I have reached the decision to maintain a highly formal and cultivated form of rhetoric in all forms of discourse , starting with Facebook and any other online forums . 
I've been misplacing things way too much lately . >_< To whoever < PROPMALE > gave my physics notebook to , I want it back tomorrow . Thank you . 
realized that not acting in the musical this year was a really good decision . Otherwise , it would have destroyed me during AP test season since it premieres in early May ... and I would be screwed ... I highly recommend you go see it though . and now I have time to do whatever the hell I want all spring . 
rather than spending all that money to fix the suspension , I think my dad shoulda taken advantage of the situation to just leave it as a low-rider and invested in a high tech sound system , custom wheel rims , chrome accents , and totally pimped it up , so it would be my car once I get my licence . 
when in < PROPMALE > skip the dunkin donuts and get some grub from a cambodian store yo ! 
Tinie Tempah - Invincible 
Am the only one who doesn't get definite integration by U-substitution ? I feel like I am . 
you know if I was the school , I would just take a match a burn a huge pile of < PROPMALE > C . Giancoli physics books . I've learned a lot more from wikipedia and Mr. D's lectures , but this textbook isn't really speaking to me . 
It was like 50 or sixty this morning so I just went out with a raincoat , then it suddenly got like 20 , and I'm like , bitch really ? 
being the son of a Harvard educated man who's way beyond wangster , but downright ghetto ? I have way too much to live up to . 
just encountered a precalculus level problem that they have for homework in Philips Academy and I have no idea what to do . How am I supposed to find a numerical value for any of the 3 variables in just one two sided function ? 
possibility of a history test tomorrow ? Ms. Menasian hasn't been in all week ( I heard she was in monday morning at least ) . umad ? Anyway , I'm not sure if I should study a little maybe ? it's probably better to just screw it and then boycott if she demands us to take it . 
booom !!!! epiphany !!! * Mozart playing in my headphones * I figured out how to integrate . 
I'm getting worried about Ms. Menasian and I wanna know what's going on with history . Where is she ? 
so looking at a map of Japan on Google Earth , the put placement marks for the earthquake epicenter as well as the aftershocks . The epicenter was actually 230 < PROPMALE > from Tokyo ( pretty far ) and about sixty < PROPMALE > from Sendai ( which was flattened and flooded ) . But consider the fact that an oil refinery just outside of Tokyo caught fire and the city was shut down . Just goes to show how enormous this earthquake was . 
ahem , took the Scholastic Aptitude Test * at Woburn High , too easy , Watch me get a 1500 . 
I still can't convince my dad to let go of the fantasy that I'm going to Harvard definitely LMAO . I need actually look at colleges people get accepted to ( the giant stack of pamphlets I picked up at the college fair ) . 
oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhiiiiiittttttttttttttt !!!! there's a Latin quiz tomorrow , and I was too busy geeking out over physics . 
as if I have nothing better to do , college board personality test , umad ? you wouldn't want me running a nuclear power plant , or designing any buildings , and I wouldn't be caught dead majoring in business js . Other than that my profile fits me in some crazy mix between hard science and social sciences for recommended careers making it an ultimately useless guide . 
wait , how about i try this approach , I'm gonna escape my problems BY doing homework . I hope I could find a way to make an approach like that work . 
Yesterday was Thursday , today , it is Friday , we so excited , we gonna have a ball today . Tomorrow is Saturday and Sunday comes afterwards . I think I just hit upon something profound . 
Operation Black Plague extermination begin , I can't stand Friday ringing in my head . starting out with ragtime . unusual choice , but that's what I need . 
So < PROPFEMALE > Black is releasing her debut Album on 12/21/2012 ??? OK I GIVE IN !!! I believe it now !!! :O 
idk whats keeping awake . its probably gravitation affects from that giant < PROPFEMALE > . 
the usual attempt at swimming at UML ... 
got accepted into Harvard Summer school ??? YEEEUUUUHHHHH There must have been some mistake , but why question good news . 
listening Aria , forgot how f***ing awesome Russian metal is . 
I need a snow day tomorrow ... or maybe a nuclear fallout day , or something ! I still got 5 hours of homework left . 
uhhhh sports awards . ok fine , I'll go . 
I'm beginning to realize that my only aim in life is world domination O_o 
should I actually be able to use the n-word in an English essay when I'm quoting Huck Finn ? I'm arguing against it being censored from Huck Finn . If that's the case , why should I be afraid of using it myself ? I never mean any offense , but people are way too obsessed with political correctness . this is a serious question . 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Manning < PROPFEMALE > Diem Vo and Pac Son !!!!!! so happy for them ! any others get into any < PROPFEMALE > Leagues ? also congrats to Nate Tenczar , who I believe got into Tufts . and a class of 2011 , which beasted into the best schools in the country . 
SAT is BULL and I don't think any respectable institution should count it , especially after it put me to shame in the math section . 
weighing the possibility of a snow day . 5-8 inches tomorrow and 2-4 tonight according to weather.com 
saw someone being escorted by a cop in handcuffs in the halls yesterday , the school was in lock down and searched by canine units today ... some ghetto ass sh*t has been going down at < PROPMALE > High the past couple days . 
Finally saw the fighter as one of the last holdouts from < PROPMALE > . Very well made film that reminds that I need to get outa < PROPMALE > . 
more reasons to hate on < PROPMALE > . ive been finding a lot of those . no power on my street . 
facebook is automatically deleting an link I try to post in a comment . -___- wtf is that for ? 
ridiculously unmotivated now . 
I can't for this summer . I'll finally get my first taste of living alone outside of < PROPMALE > . But then I realize , 8 college credits in 7 weeks is definitely gonna mean working my but off , but it will be in a new environment with new friends in the greatest institute of higher learning on earth . Then again , I'll just stay here if they hold off on giving me good financial aid . 
who ever heard of a 7.1 aftershock ? smh ... The only reason I think there are no reports of damage is because that part of Japan is already in ruins anyway . :( 
Looking forward to possibly taking the train to Boston , a subway train , then transfer to another subway train every morning and then back the other way every evening , everyday in the summer . 
so last night I heard on a Fox News special that it's easily possible to make over minimum wage just by going out on a street as a hobo with a sign begging for money or work . Even if it is Fox news , I wanna try it out and see if it works . 
dear Bulgarian pop music producers , you're not Latin American , so make something original instead of using reggaeton and hip-hop beats to pass off as Bulgarian . 
what am I planning to do over vacation ??? am I going anywhere during vacation ??? helll no , Ima stay right here and do practice AP tests . 
anyone play World of Tanks ? lol 
I'm the best , I'm the snoop dogg of science , I'll dropping mad apples on your head from the shoulders of giants ! xD 
more than half my calculus packet done , and the intro paragraph of my English essay done . Am I crazy ? I should leave it for 9pm on Sunday . 
Dear physics book , I don't need an explanation of relativity , the Michelson-Morley experiments , and their results ( that last thing mentioned twice ) , just give me the formulas and tell me what they show , yours truely , a disgruntled physics master wannabe . 
yeah , midnight mass , going to bed at 3:30 AM , therefore this is the only time of the year I ever sleep in up to noon . 
I have 26 mutual friends with Dicky from the Fighter ? nice . 
spent 4 hours doing calculus at school , and it felt surprisingly good . 
haha my dad's watching about the U.S special forces on the military channel and is basically criticizing all their methods and training exercises . Only a bamf like him wouldnt be impressed . 
all this trouble they went through for a wedding is the monarchy's way of saying DON'T YOU F***ING THINK ABOUT DIVORCE , THIS S***'S REAL !!! And < PROPFEMALE > looked so drop dead gorgeous O_O . 
It's sunday night . everyone , including myself needs to get off of facebook and concentrate on homework and studying for AP tests . with that , I'm logging off now . 
rejoice ! the wicked wizard is dead ! 
To everyone going crazy about Osama being dead , he's only one guy . Keep that in mind . Osama gone , doesn't mean < PROPMALE > Qaeda's gone . He just becomes a martyr to the people that followed him . 10 years guys , it's about f***ing time . 
What's my worse enemy , makes me stand out , and my inner strength all at the same time ? ambition . 
Ideal Scenario : OH AP calc , too easy . Ima beast it with a 5 without doing half of the open responses . \ 
Reality : * runs around in a circle screaming in panic * 
* lose yourself instrumental plays in the background * I ready to f *** sh ** up tomorrow . 
AP calc , done . Regardless of my score , I know now I've been converted . Now , not to be get cocky with AP history . 
History AP , SAT's , and Physics to go , and I'm goofing off like I just retired and I'm gonna live in a retreat in Switzerland . 
AP physics done , AP test wasnt the epic fail i thought it would be . 
Atreyu 
now that I have more free time , I realize I'm not the bum I thought I was . 
my schedule for next year ? gonna be intense . 
I need a good book on Java based computer programming . I wanna know what's the best for my personal use . 
graph a smiley face on your calculator without just googling the equation : CHALLENGE ACCEPTED 
On my way to becoming the organist for the Transfiguration Greek Orthodox Church 
I hate that I feel like I care so much . Can't I just go to MCC , become an electrician , and get over with my life ? no , but I can't , I was put on this earth to enlighten mankind , right ? 
so the internet comes on just when my physics webassign is due . great ... so now I can study the kinematics of angry birds . 
apparently I did really well on the 400 considering a hadnt practiced for that event at all . 
Ok I just went on farmville ,, I know , lame , but I only did it for the free Lady Gaga unreleased single they offer . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhh !!!!! with the seniors gone and especially once they graduate I'LL have to take the responsibility as well as the rest of the class of 2012 as a senior . I'm not ready .... hold on , I wanna start again from freshman year . 
you know what , I'm ready . 98 days until cross country , and roughly the same amount of time until senior year . summer vacation , what is that ? it's daily runs along both the Merrimack and < PROPFIRST > River , and a full load of school work so I don't run into my < PROPMALE > year troubles . 
came onto the internet for the purposes of procuring further reading material on the subject of quantum entanglement , only to spend most of my time on facebook , youtube , and internet meme sites . -___- 
so prom pictures are going up on facebook , and now I have the impression that everyone but me went . 
lol too nervous to check my SAT scores ... 
I can't stand hot weather , and people actually PREFER to go outside in this ? All I want is a well air conditioned room . 
within range of my goal SAT score , s *** just got real . 
I love how I have a book on quantum theory written by Princeton professor with math no one in my house can understand . 
Its rampaging through the town , tearing your houses up , so you better hide yo kids , hide yo wife , and hide yo husbands , cuz its tearing up everything out here . 
so does this mean im a senior now ? 
Finally got a Rubic's cube of my own . f *** yeah . 
I took chem with Mr. Daley , therefore Doctor woodward is on to me . 
I'm so thankful of how much I've changed in a little over a month ... 
somehow I'm getting the feeling more and more , that regardless of what I or anyone else posts as a facebook status , no one cares unless it's something genuinely profound that ought to be publicly shared . Those sorts of statuses only come once a year , or once every couple years . The exception is for a celeb trying to promote something . 
The fact that you're only given a precious thirty minutes to use the computers in the Pollard Library and every single one I pass by is on Facebook , Tumblr , or on a strictly non-academic portion of Youtube is one reason I'm loosing hope in the human race . 
I don't wanna sound like a hater right now or anything or ruin everybody's moment or anything like that . but , WILL YOU GUYS QUIT POSTING STATUSES ABOUT THE BRUINS ! 
\instead of going to the Museum of Fine Arts [ your friends ] go to Six Flags and Canobie Lake the second to last day before school ?? \ " - Mom haha " 
