HAppy new years < PROPFEMALE > people . =} 

Happy New Year 
Gonna be okay , gonna be okay , one day , one day , that day never came , that day never comes , i'm not letting go , i keep hanging on , Everyone says that time heals the pain , i've been waiting forever , that day never came ! 
sleepy , but can fall asleep . want sleep , need sleep ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! what is stuff so funny when you're sleepy ? 
sry guys i ment : why is stuff so funny when you're sleepy ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter !!!! i can't wait for it ! 
He pointed the wand very carefully into the boy's face : He wanted to see it happen , the destruction of this one , inexplicable danger . The child began to cry : it had seen that he was not < PROPFIRST > . He did not like it crying , he never been able to stomach the s 
I'm an offical member of S.P.E.W. Hahaha !!! 
< PROPMALE > potter less than a week . midnight movie 
Hagrid : Spiders are really misunderstood creatures . its something to do with the eyes . Harry : Or it could be the pinchers 
is watching the first < PROPMALE > Potter movie . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > phreed is awesome ! <3 
Sleepy Sleepy 
Ok i need help . should i get color braces or braces that could take a few month off of the time i need them and will be less pain full ? i don't know what to get ! :( 
just got back from the fair . Sorry franny , me and < PROPFEMALE > went today . 
i can't wait for octuber . 
there are so many new cds coming out in the next months 
' Komm und rette mich , Ich verbrenne innerlich Komm und rette mich , Ich schaff's nicht ohne dich Komm und rette mich , Rette mich , Rette mich'- Rette mich Tokio Hotel 
is watching charmed and hating having to go to swimming 
swim camp in 3 days . :( 
i got my wisdom teeth out . and it Hurts . its bleeding , too ! 
i feel like im going to throw up . 
feeling better but mouth still hurts :( 
wishes her mouth would just heal 
There no real love in you 
might get her halloween costume today 
Hey Du is the best song on Humanoid by Tokio Hotel 
I love the way that you're heart breaks , With every injustice and deadly fate , Praying it all be new , Living like it all depends on you , Here you are down on your knees again , Trying to find air to breathe again , Only surrender will help you now , I love you please see and believe again , 
Best day of my life . doesn't have school tomorrow , then the swim team wins meet against < PROPMALE > , then coaches tell us that we don't have morning practice ! 
omg . i want a kindle so bad . 
i got braces today 
going to pull an all nighter . who's with me ? 
pissed at her parents ! 
hatingg everyone watching new < PROPFEMALE > right now 
refined i will be the most dazzling precious treasure ill be treasured over all the earth 
< PROPFEMALE > thanksgiving people and happy soon to be Chistmas 
JUST SAW A TOKIO HOTEL COMMERCIAL ... ok so it was for a cell but whatever :p 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , dont make it bad .... 
you are the truth outscreaming the lies , you are the truth saving my life 
You try your hardest to perfect your explanation You lie until they've run out of questions 
< PROPFIRST > in a sing-song voice \My Daddy shot your Daddy in the head . \"" 
did anyone else notice thatn the sience study guide Ms. devrise repeat like 15 questons ? 
Christmas break =} 
the computer won't let me load the pics from last night . :{ 
they rings final stop but i keep hearing flyleaf like the music is playing through a closed door . probably not good to to hearing things 
Woohoo its the holiday week ! Now its party time ! 
Happy Christmas everyone ! Enjoy the holidays !!!!! 
Guess what ?!?!?!?!?!?! There are pink dolphins in the Amazon River !!! 
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides Summer 2011 !!!!!!!!!!..... according 2 google :D 
i'm so sick . i can't talk , my nose is running , my throat hurts , and my ears are plugged . =[ 
Happy new year 
should go to bed 
reading Do Hard Things ! whgich is super boring and the people who wrote should not be writing books . it doesn't flow ! 
for some reason i'm happy even though i have no reson to be . School has started again , i did bad on some exams , and have lots of homework 
I'm coold !!!!!!!!! 
lol i forgot i left my computer on :) 
lol the capital is said to be huanted 
can't wait for presidents day 
i hate school ! its to early and u get work to do at home cuz the teacher think u don't have anything to do . we have sports and stuff theat happens after school . some kids also have jobs . moast of us are up to 2:00 doing the homework they gave us . they yell at us for being tired and falling asleep in calss . it just pisses me off . 
hello everyone ! 
playing monoploy on the computer 
For all who are wondering * Taurine * is an amino sulfonic acid that is found in high levels in the skeletal and heart muscles of humans , as well as in white blood cells , and the central nervous system . It is also found in some plants , such as seaweed , fungi and bacteria . 
Giving up doesn't always mean your weak , sometimes it just means your strong enough to let go ! 
i sleep with my peepers open 
lol i took pics of stephy while she was sleeping 
Gosh i feel < PROPFEMALE > FAT 
I really don't like people who get mad at others for using ' bad ' grammar when the cause/point is the real issue , not the grammar . 
Deep down in my heart there was a chasm , a longing that i couldn't fill , i thought i found what i needed in the dark , by changing my vaules it took control , i believed in the dark and its lie , in the dark came a light , it made me feel treasued , lifting my arms towards it i fell a pull in my heart , as if arising from a dream my eyes open to the light , now i say to you ' Arise and be all that you dream!' 
looking up how to build a fast mouse trap car ! 
going to try and make funnel cake 
my dad is so slow when ges texting . funny to watch 
on 39 clues wedsite 
sleepy . 
twichy+coffe = super active squirrel 
< PROPMALE > on idol next week ! 
Shit i have homework . AND i'm NOT doing it 
going to talent show 
\what you fell over for ? \ " \ " i didn't do it on purpose ! \"" 
My teeth are numb and the hurt like HELL . The braces are rubbing against my lower lip and digging in to it . 
I've got soul but I'm not a soldier 
the sun will set on this , my dear .... your labors aren't in vain . 
i don't have many minutes , so don't text or call me . 
Are things you're living for worth Christ dying for ? 
Thinking about IT , wanting IT , needing IT , yet still scared of IT . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in about THREE days 
My facebook hasn't changed ! 
downloading things off tokio hotel's website . 
watching the opening ceremony for the Olympics 
i need good scary movies . 
Birthday Tomorrow ! 
hate school . thinking about not going 
people stop texting steph please , she has no more minutes . 
listening to tokio hotel . happy :) 
going shopping 
Chile was hit by an 8.8 earthquake , which cause a tsunami in Hawaii with 7 ft . high waves . The tsunami also hit part of California , and will hit < PROPFEMALE > within 24 hours of Chile's quake . 
Death has been swallowed up by life ... this dead will rise ... dying to death and rising to life ! 
Started writing another book . might actually finish this one . hahaha :) 
Has anyone heard of Thoughts.com? 
Just saw the first mosquito of this year !!!! 
cleaning my room . 
PIE DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
June is WAY to far way 
night everyone :) 
Tomorrow i might go tanning and get gel or acrylic nails . 
my head hurts and my stomach hates me . 
I'm gonna write my english paper tonight , so i can sleep in class . 
I'm now a vegetarian , started yesterday . 
Don't look at the past again ... The first and last has made everything new ... And you are too ... So lift your head ... And let your story be told ... Life on earth will end for all conceived ... And prove to be only a breath ... A mist , a womb for what's to come ... How soon forever arrives !!! 
We were innocent once , but that was so long ago . 
no ? ???? ?? do ? d ???? o ? ??? ?? u ?????? 
Driver's < PROPMALE > starts next week < PROPFEMALE > awesome !!!! Anyone else want to so it at Sears ? 
dude , deaths that involve the young and are unexpected are so depressing :( 
playing with my candle . probably not a good idea , but it's fun . 
Just drink like 24 once of water in under 15 minutes . Stupid thing to do . 
\Pooootatooooe Eeeeeatterrrr ! \"- Satan " 
Going driving in about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hating all the pwoplw who aren't in Michigan enjoying their sun instead of clouds and rain . 
In the hearts of the blind something you'll never find is a vision of light ! 
Oh My God ! I was just on < PROPFEMALE > Meyer's website and her book The Host is being made into a MOVIE !!!!!!!!!! 
Yeah well then you thought wrong , cause you can't serve God and money , you can on serve one or the other 
should i cut my hair ? 
Started cleaning my room forever ago . Why is it taking so long ?! 
Passed Driver's < PROPMALE > . Might get my level 1 license tomorrow so I can start driving . 
got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s at like noon , ate and then slept for hours . 
Has anyone every heard of a band called Skillet ? 
Got my hair cut . 
I wish I could say fuck it to the science project . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > not gonna be able to sleep tonight . 
taking a break from the science project . 
the science project takes to much work 
almost done printing my articles . 
gonna shower and then get back to my project 
Almost done . Just have to put the trifold together and cited and give a small summary of each article . should be in bed by 3:30 maybe earlier . hopefully not later . 
Swimming at 6 
ain't tired , but should sleep 
When the kids in the class of 2013 are in 11 grade on 11/11/11 at 11:11 it will be a yahtzee for them ! 
those people don't hate them , please love them , we're not above them , you can have everything but have nothing . 
Reading The Host and loving it . 
Love the song Vois Sur Ton Chemin from < PROPMALE > Choristes/ The Chorus 
I'm gonna let my hair grow out . I liked it long . 
I want to learn how to play the violin . 
9:30 and I want to sleep 
making cookies !!!!!!! 
Going to get started on my homework . 
I want to sleep but have to do my math notes . Might do three and the rest on homeroom and lunch . 
Do we have to do the vocab of this chapter in history ? 
Forget homework . Schools Almost over . What can they do in a week ? 
Almost just jumped on my cat . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Open House later . 
French and English tomorrow 
have to do my thoe studying guide 
We would all eat healthier if there were no fast food places . 
super bored 
Swimming tomorrow 
going to sleep . i love summer 
Watching Tokio Hotel TV season 2 
lights just flickered . Almost hope that the power goes out . 
July 20 will rock ! 
Sick but might be getting better 
Tomorrow is just a future yesterday . 
Reliving my childhood by watching my favorite childhood TV show , Yu-Gi-Oh ! 
teeth hurt 
Calling all incoming freshmen and people at Lansing Catholic/Waverly for girls and guys swimming and diving . We need you . 
Michigan Adventure tomorrow . I think I might do the rip cord this year . 
I found out something weird about my family . My great-grandparents on my dad's side were named < PROPFIRST > and Bell(nickname for something I can't spell in polish ) . On my dad's mother's side there was a < PROPMALE > . 
\Then you will know the truth and the truth will set you free\ " < PROPFIRST > 8:23 " 
Second < PROPMALE > they don't ever matter , people never change . 
Loved the flash back part of Humanoid City Live where they showed Tokio Hotel when they were around 13 or 14 years old . Adorable . 
The sun will shine like never before , one day i will be ready to go , see the World Behind My Wall . 
High school swimming at 8:00 in the morning . 
First day of swimming went better then I thought it would . 
Second day of swimming over and sore from it . Only two days till I can rest and sleep-in 
Friday the 13th 
\Ma-li-ki-li-ki ! \"- Jack Sparrow " 
Just to let everyone know : Lansing Cahtolic starts in a week . 
Cut my toe at swimming on the lockerroom door . 
sick :( 
School tomorrow 
On < PROPFEMALE > 292 of Mockingjay 
Watching 300 
Listening to music from the 70s . Have to say the best < PROPFEMALE > for music 
I think I bruised the bone in my ring finger on my left hand 
Got my new camera ! Happy about . 
Why this there homework when we have classwork ? 
Remi Gaillard is super funny 
TGIF ... it's SPECIAL !!! 
This week is HELL !!!!!!!!!!! 
Made it through Hell ! Now the fun part starts ! :) 
Halloween should have been fun , but some DOUCHE BAG screwed it all up . Thanks Douche Bag ! 
Homework gets in the way of sleep and teachers wonder why we all fall asleep in class . 
This was a great weekend , but lots of homework to do later 
< PROPMALE > tonight . Good Luck guys . 
Watching HP3 :) 
I have to do geom , write a paper , rewrite a paper , take pics , read 5 chapters , and do a chen project . Thanks teachers ! 
Black Friday shopping in a few hours 
Penguin Pillow Pet from < PROPFEMALE > Oleniczak 
watching The < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret Fashion Show 
every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of , is fighting or has survived cancer 
Am I crazy for NOT wanting a snow day tomorrow ? 
Only one exam tomorrow and it's French 2 
\You are young ... Life has been kind to you ... You will learn . \"" 
Stupid clouds I want to see the total lunar eclipse . A total lunar eclipse on the Winter Solstice , it's like a once in a life time opporunity . 
Happy Christmas everyone 
Only got two Christmas presents this year . I got the iPod touch 4th generation . I love it ! :) 
Sick ! I have no idea if it's getting better of worse . :( 
Last day in 2010 and December 
\The strongest among you may not wear a crown \"" 
Most public schools have exams this week . Thank God Lansing Catholic took care of that before winter break . :) 
Mom took my laptop and used all the battery . 
Dude everything is closing . Lansing Catholic please closed !!!!!!! I mean even the colleges canceled classes . 
Pizza now , Taco < PROPFEMALE > later ! 
School sucks . Everyone knoes it . I mean even teacher are happy about snow days . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this 
I need a month long break from all responsibilities . 
\There's more than one way to skin a cat . \"" 
I went to the doctor in October because my shoulder was hurting he said I had tendonitis , gave me voltaren Gel , and said the pain would go way . 4 months later my shoulder still hurts . I go to a different doctor , he does x-rays and arm movements . I actually have an AC secpeartion in my right shoulder , which is worse . 
\Thank you oh my Father for giving us your Son and leaving your Spirit till the work on Earth is done\ " -Kutless " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48-qBKejLjE&feature=related 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
I can't do my english outline so I'm screwed . 
I might get the LG Banter Touch soon . tried to post a pic , but didn't work 
Guess who has to do more research for her outline . This whole paper bull . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends and family !! 
History project then sleep , scerw honors chem . I'm already failing 
Working on outline . 
Chem worksheet , to do or not to do ? that is the question . 
1st paragraph in my research paper is done !!!!! :D 
Got a 19 overall on my practice ACT . I hope that's good . 
Going to see a movie with my sissy :) 
Can't wait for summer , but I guess Spring Break will just have to do for now . 
For all WLC swimmers there is a swimmers , parents , and coaches meeting Wednesday March 30 at 6:30 pm at the pool to discuss what to do to prevent Waverly from shutting down the pool . 
Blueberry , Strawberry , and Grape 
I really want to go to < PROPFEMALE > next Spring Break ! 
Happy Birthday to my dad ! 
I don't know if I'll make it , but watch how good I'll fake it 
Dear Sunday's warm weather , no one likes a tease . 
Nighty night everyone ! 
Help ! < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > ? 
research paper do tomorrow , how much has been done ? I opened the document . 
Paper is DONE !! 
