Three days tell my family comes to Maryland .... soo excited !!!! 

< PROPFEMALE > left today :( 
Doesn't feel so good today :( 
Very Irritated 
Watching my sister attempt to get all dolled up for < PROPMALE > michaels tonight TOOOO FUNNY !!!! I should go in my PJS hahah !!! 
Wondering what the heck I should be for holloween yikes ! 
is reevaluating her life today , Very home sick !!! I love < PROPFEMALE > but my heart is in WI , lets face it there really is no place like home . :( I want my mommy cause my sister just isn't cutten it !!!!!!! LOL I only kid < PROPFEMALE > gosh don't take my head offf after readin that ! :P 
Anyone feel like paiting with me ?? lol 
Soo ... My dog decided to show me how upset he was at me by allowing me to come home to my brand new sofa all chewed up . Now he sits outside in his kennal in the rain , should I feel guilty ? 
Happy sweetest day .. 
How to rate a movie .. The \CrystalMeter\ " .... Level : holding blanket over her eyes to dry the tears sobbing . LMFAO " 
My head hurts today :( 
Dog park didn't go so well today , it's that time for sampson to get snipped .... PoOr guy ! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Moody . 6 : Spoiled . 7 : Mouthy . 8 : Random . 9 : Hot . 10 : Funny . 11 : Fit . 12 : Amazing . 13 : Tough . 14 : Cute . 15 : Bf/Gf Type . 16 : Player . 17 : The Best . 18 : Quiet . 19 : Adorable . 20 : Annoying . 21 : Rude . 22 : Boring . 23 : Charming 24 : Sassy . Dont be shy tell me now ... haha ! This shall be fun !!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > passed away on April 29 , 2009 . I could tell you his story but in no way , could do as great of a job his family had done , when they created a website in his memory . I ask you tke a look at it even if you hadn't known him . His story really makes you think how much the choices \WE\ " ourselves make can effect those we leave behind . http://www.jessejamesmason.com/ < PROPFIRST > s_Webpage/My_Lesson . html " 
Watching the game with my boo ............... 
Thhehhheee Ravennnns ssuuuuuckkk !! HAHA JK but my friends will not be thrilled I said that anyways :P nanana boo boo 
wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour . 
Thank you everyone for all for the congrats . 
WOW ! Lets just say my husband believes ive made some poor choices recently . Like blurting out to our friends & family how he bought me a new pair of shoes ! yep I said it again BABY ! So Mr. Michaels revenge was to paint our entire bathroom KIRMET THE FROG green OMG ! Yes , he got a few good laughs out of my reaction , but at the end of the day it took him THREE HOURS , and I got the last laugh . LOVE YOU TOo BABY ? 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , and a man you can thank God for every night . Copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date . 2-16-10 
People need to understand that kids with special needs don't have an illness , there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and treated the same . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
Another beautiful day to be outside in my \not so there yet\ " garden " 
Such a beautiful day here in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Mothers ' Day declaration ~ I wanted and loved you before you were born . I loved you when you were born , I saw your face and I knew that I was in love . Before you were a minute old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I still will . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life 
Tough girls come from New York , Sweet girls they're from Alabama , but us Wisconsin girls , we have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride horses , drive tractors , throw left hooks , and drink with the boys , all while making some beer brats , tending to the kids and baking a cake . And lord knows if we have an opinion , YOU ARE GOING ... TO HEAR IT ! Repost if you're a TRUE Wisconsin girl !!! 
Thank you everyone for the b-day wishes ..... xoxox 
Watching < PROPFIRST > and his brother lay tile .... Who would have thought remodeling is so exhausting !!! To hell with buying a fixer upper and personalizing it yourself , GIve me brand knew !!! But thank you to all my other friends who have helped during this time * muah 
Going to my daddies today with the boys to play with the BIG BOY TOYS .... Figure they need a break . Plus my hunny's paint ball gun looks pretty interesting .... Perhaps a little pointing it at the boys while there riding there 4wheelers ?? hehehe 
Just put my kiddo to bed ... Long Day when someone doesnt get a nap ! Now it's movie time with my hunny muah * 
Can't believe my little one has started school ... missing the mommy and me days already !!! HUmmmm now what ?? 
Wish < PROPFIRST > liked the heat as much as I do : ( Soooo not excited for this time of year . COLD and Foootball season ! 
Rain rain GO away , Come back another fkn day !!!! 
I need to get away 
What a crazy morning ! and now I forgot it was picture day at school . WHat was I thinking . \Bad mommy\ " .. Thank god for picture retake days . " 
I carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked on , peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child . My body isn't magazine perfect ( beauty is only fleeting ) , but when I look in the ... mirror I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom . ? 
I love you hunny !!! 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyones first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm too good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! Post this to your status if your proud of being you . 
Sanding sucks , our house is a mess plus a four year old who I am unable to cook for because mommy can't use the kitchen , tell who knows when . I thought this was going to be a much easier job , boy was I sadly mistaken . GuRr 
WOW , exhausted !! I got a lot done today in the kitchen , only took until 2 am . Can't wait for hubby to see . He will be so happy , because that means little work left for him to do . HAHAH 
Another day of painting , never ends ! 
So today was picture re-take day , and on the way walking into school < PROPMALE > went face first into the side walk . His face looks just awful , just our luck ! There for leaving us no choice but no pictures :( Mommy < PROPFEMALE > sad . < PROPMALE > , happy .... He says he's tuff !!! haha < PROPFEMALE > cute muah * \ Soon to come pictures \"" 
My first halloween in WI vs MD in three years without all my friends . I really miss all of you now :( tonight wont even compair to the memories we have made . Now it's time to make new ones . Thank you everyone for the great times we have shared together and please have a drink for me , or a few lol . LoVe Ya !!!!!!!!!! xoxox 
The next person that dare speaks , is about to get an ear full .... 
Coles in bed , hubby gone .... can't get use to this day light savings time now i'm bored :( 
Gone hunting all weekend 
Trying to figure out weather or not to like all the knew snow our to hate it . 
I can't sleep , wish < PROPFIRST > would get home already .. : ( 
Ugh ! please God give me motivation to get through today . 
Okay , so who has netflix and uses it on wii ? 
Just < PROPMALE > and I today and I couldn't be any more happier . 
UPDATE ::: On Friday , Facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile pages of your Friends . It's legal and is mentioned in the fine print on account creation . To prevent this , click on : Account , Account Settings , the \Facebook Ads\ " TAB on the top right . It may tell you about their \ " policy\ " ( click close ) and THEN choose \ " No one\ " on the drop-down menu and SAVE changes . PLEASE PASS THIS ON ! " 
I am so upset with my sons father right now gurrrrr !!!!!! 
