Facebook is for friends ... Not to bombard your friends with application invites ... <3 

Life's a bitch and then she has puppies ... 
Going to see Rabbit In The < PROPFEMALE > @ The Vibe Music Fest Tonight !! w0ot ! 
On my way to Daytona ! w0ot ! 
Is wondering why he's never received a compliment from the complimentary peanuts ... :-/ 
Private profiles are for pussies ... 
Have you ever danced with a midget in a thong too tight ? 
How much goo could a goo < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if the goo < PROPMALE > , got fucked , by < PROPMALE > ? 
The only ones who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors ... :-/ 
A baby seal walks into a bar . Bartender asks \what'll ya have ? \ " Seal replies - \ " Anything but a Canadian Club ! \"" 
Remember kids ... Only users lose drugs ... 
Peace , Love , Respect and Twinkies ! It doesn't get much better than that ! 
Be Who You Are and Say What You Feel Because Those Who Mind Don't Matter and Those Who Matter Don't Mind . 
Fashionably late for Chiaro Scuro , Baby ! 
If you think you can ... If you think you cannot ... Either way you are right ... 
The best things in life are not things ... 
I miss my bus .. :( 
I am your Love Turkey !!! <3 
Fuck facebook ... in the face ! 
Demonoid is back up !!! Fukkin A < PROPMALE > ! 
What's on my mind ? Hmmm ... Maybe your Mom ? Maybeeeeeee not .... DUN DUN DUNNnnnnnn 
Hope everyone has Safe and Happy Holidaze !! 
Remember ... Christmas isn't about opening presents . It's about how life should be ALL year round . Good Times with Good People and an Abundance of Love for everyone ! Take a second to think about all of the Love energy that is radiating all around us . This really is a magical time of year if you can allow yourself to stop and appreciate it . 
Had lamb chops for the first time ever tonight ... They were definitely different from anything I've ever had before . I couldn't stop thinking about cute little cuddly lambs while I was munching .. Between the taste and moral conflict .. Not something I would order again . 
PudLife * 
“It's not what you look at that matters , it's what you see . ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Shame on you America : where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . Please repost this as your status if you agree this is ridiculous . 
blah ... I really fucked that one up ... 
' insert something witty here ' 
Love is a sausage with extra mustard . <3 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status !! I consider myself fortunate to have friends like this . My frans r da bestest n stuffs <3 
Sex is a lot like a card game . If you don't have a good partner , you better have a good hand . 
Finally got the bus back ! w0ot ! About to take her down to Tampa for Busch Gardens . Let's hope she does ok . <3 
Working on curtains for the bus . Can't wait for Winter Jam this weekend ! Come to Daytona on Saturday to see all the VW Buses and vote for mine ! 
Last day to finish working on the bus . If you aren't going to help , then DON'T BUG ME ! :P <3 
The bus is * almost * done . Shit is taking forever but I kinda knew it would . Anyone wanna come help me clean the windows ? 
Life is good . :) 
Had a great time tonight . It was a pleasure meeting all the new peeps and seeing all the familiar faces again . It was a special night in celebration for a special guy . Much Love All Around !!! <3 <3 <3 <3 
Life's a bitch and then she has puppies and those puppies poop right in front of the bedroom door so it's waiting for ya first thing when ya wake up . :D 
Just got a couple of Snog's latest CD's . Life is good . :) * DAMN THE MAN , FIGHT THE POWER ! * 
Half the people want me , half the people want me dead ! :D ( not really on either count ) 
Good times with good people . It doesn't get much better . 
Might have a new web project in the works ... Pretty stoked . 
forgot how much he loves web design ... 
Life , < PROPFEMALE > and the Pursuit of all the Freaky Fun Shit ur not supposed to do . <3 
Taking the bus for a cruise with < PROPFIRST > . Such a beautiful day ! 
If you want the rainbow you gotta deal with da rain !!!!! 
Late night coding session . I always do my best work when everyone else is sleeping . 
I dun want ... Anybody else ... When I think about you ......... <3 
wants to move to Mexico and live off of coconuts , crab cakes and cannabis seeds . It's the simple things in life that make it worth living . 
is kind of a douchebag ... Who'duhh thunk it ? 
The end of the world ... is a great place to be ... 
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . 
blah de fukkin dah 
spent 9 months trying to get out . The rest of his life trying to get back in . 
I fart ... in your general direction ! 
What do a peroxide blonde and a Boeing 747 have in common ? 
Pud Life <3 
Gordita ! 
Maybe it's time to try different tactics ... 
Going to bed ... who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ? 
has gone out of his mind ... please leave a message after the ........ 
Censorship is a cancer ... 
Going to St. < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFIRST > for her birth canal evacuation anniversary celebrations . 
The way to succeed ... and the way to suck eggs ... ... ... ... STOP IT ! 
says what what , in the butt ? 
I wanna talk to Demetri again ... :P 
A man was talking to his friend and said \I wanna die in my sleep like grandpa did . Not like the other people who were riding in the car with him . \"" 
Today is gonna be an awesome day . I can feel it . 
Cafe 331 ... Dos Gatos ... Kickbacks ... Face down in a ditch ... Gettin ' freaky in a Burger < PROPMALE > bathroom again ... Who knows what this night has in store ... 
What a long , strange trip it's been .... 
\It lasted for a million years and for a split-second . But it's over and now it's your turn . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Leary " 
I dread success . To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth , like the male spider , who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship . I like a state of continual becoming , with a goal in front and not behind . -- George < PROPMALE > Shaw 
I was talking to a friend of mine and he was telling me about a conversation he had with his Grandpa . His Gramps said that the worst two inventions for mankind were Air Conditioning and Television . Before AC , people would go outside and talk to their neighbors and get to know what was going on outside of their homes . 
... it's time to wake up ... 
make sure your reach does not exceed your grasp ... no quarter asked , none given 
Using your brain is NOT endorsed by governments , religious , educational institutions and corporations involved with serious power and financial profit obtained from a brainwashed and enslaved population . Discomfort may occur as confusing independent thought challenges your current view of the world . 
Fear less , hope more - Eat less , chew more - Whine less , breathe more - Talk less , say more - Hate less , love more ... and all good things will be yours ! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there through thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt , if necessary ) then copy and post this to your status . She or He will know who they are 
What's the best place to buy organic tobacco in Jacksonville ? 
I am seeking a shaman ... If you know one , please share the details . <3 
Just say Know ... 
I don't consider myself a Floridian , an American or even a human for that matter ... I consider myself an Earthling , just like EVERY other thing on this planet . We have to stop looking for ways we are different and start looking at the ways we are the same . 
Cowardice = feeding your fears instead of your desires . 
The only REAL problems are the ones that are common to all Earthlings ... 
Happy Mommy Day !! I love you Mom !! You gotta get a damn facebook account already ... Jeeze .... 
Just posted a series of highly educational and enlightening videos . If you feel that deep sense that SOMETHING is terribly wrong , please take the time to watch this series . 
is so adorable ... ( for me to poop on ) 
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a manwishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND & INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her howwonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing hecould make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's ... a manstealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're againstDomesticViolence 
There is no limit to love's forbearance , to its trust , its hope , its power to endure . 
\Never use violence of any kind . Never threaten violence in any way . Never even think violent thoughts . Never argue because it attacks another’s opinion . Never criticize because it attacks another’s ego . And your success is guaranteed . \ " \ 
So whatcha , whatcha , whatcha waaaaaaaaaaaaaaant ??? BoooooIIIIiiiiII ??!?!?!? 
There is never nothing going on ... Take that however you wish . <3 
Love has a Soul-Mate named Trust . At times they seam apart but that is only an illusion as they are inseparable . Klaus Joehle 
Going out to Bourbon St. .. 
We MUST , at an accelerated pace , move from a \disposable\ " to a \ " SUSTAINABLE\ " mindset / consciousness !! PLEASE WAKE UP !!! " 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the World and to the Love for which it stands : All nations under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > , Justice and True Freedom for all ! Repost this if you are ready to tear down the walls between us and work towards PEACE ! 
Hell is watching your dreams die . \ 
Because it's not just your dream that dies . \ 
So we might as well die chasing our dreams . \ 
That way , at least , we have Lived for something . 
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at . 
wants to live a life worth dying for ... 
Rightful < PROPFEMALE > is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others . I do not add ' within the limits of the law ' because law is often but the tyrant's will , and always so when it violates the rights of the individual . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
All illegal narcotics are medicinal . Boredom is a disease worse than cancer . Drugs cure it , with little or no side effects if used as directed - < PROPMALE > Stanhope . 
Only after the last tree's cut , And the last river poisoned ; Only after the last fish is caught , Will you find that money cannot be eaten . 
To say we can't do something because \there isn't enough money\ " is equivalent to saying we can't do something because there isn't enough cooperation . " 
Just a thought ... Imagine if we spent the trillions of dollars on war to feed and clothe every human being from every country . There would be more than enough to do it several times over . Not one person excluded ... Just something to ponder ... 
In order to be interesting one needs to be interested ... 
The Truth will set you free ... 
You don't have to be afraid anymore ... 
If you continually give , you will continually have . True story . 
To solve the human equation , we need to add love , subtract hate , multiply good , and divide between truth and error . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
We are a < PROPFEMALE > of expression 
Nothing is something worth doing 
Life is good . Boycott BP . Think for yourself . Live FREE ! 
Anyone care to share a good mushroom field ?? 
Who loves his winky ?!?!? I DO !!!! I Love my winky !!! YAY !!! 
A friend asks only for your time , not your money . 
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago , the second best time is NOW . 
You've gotta love yourself before you can truly be loved . Love is like water in that it only flows ... You have to be the river and connect with another river who flows with you . It's only then that you will find the ocean of Love that awaits . 
Had some weird ass dreams that I did NOT like . Trying to get my head back into reality . 
“It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than ' try to be a little kinder ' ” Aldous Huxley 
Life is good . Don't let anyone convince you otherwise . <3 
The Universe dropped free Bonnaroo tickets in my lap so I'll be in TN Thursday to Sunday . Anyone have a tent I could borrow ? 
\Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it's like to live inside somebody else's skin . It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too . \ " – < PROPMALE > Buechner " 
I wanna say something but nothing is coming so I'll assume that means I should just keep my fukkin trap shut ... I love all of you . I'm really needing some good vibes right now . Care to share ? <3 
kinda feels like the story of the Phoenix ... Let this bitch burn so I can be reborn from the ashes ... 
\Sometimes its best to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve\ " - Thanks < PROPMALE > .. That helps a lot right now . " 
To accept something is not to agree with it . It is simply to embrace it , whether you agree with it or not . You give something your blessings when you give it your best energies , your highest thoughts . 
Nothing but Love <3 
Finally feels like he is REALLY in tight with the Universe . I am so grateful for everything and especially YOU !! Thank you for being in my life even though we don't see each other as much as we'd like . Nothing but Love yo ! 
It is time for the world to stop kidding itself , to wake up , to realize that the ONLY PROBLEM of humanity is lack of Love . Love breeds tolerance , tolerance breeds peace . Intolerance produces war and looks indifferently upon intolerable conditions . \ 
Love cannot be indifferent . It does not know how . 
Going Stargazing tonight ! I LOVE how you can see ALL of the stars during a new < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to start a permaculture food < PROPMALE > . If anyone has any extra food seeds they don't need , I'd love to have them . Nitrous infusing legumes are preferred but I'll take any seeds , cuttings or potted plants that produce edible food . 
You know you wanna ... >:) 
is highly allergic to judgmental , close-minded people . 
It's not a want for drugs , it's a want for personal freedom . Please keep that in mind at all times . - < PROPMALE > Hicks 
Good times with good people ... That's what life is all about . 
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind , and won't change the subject . 
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence . H.L. Mencken 
Happy Fathers Day to all you big Daddy Loves out there ... Those of you that actually stuck around deserve the best this world has to offer !! 
Life is a trip sometimes ... Gotta love it ... 
Do not search for life's meaning , or the meaning of any particular event , occurrence , or circumstance . Give it its meaning . Then announce and declare , express and experience , fulfill and become Who You Choose to Be in relationship to it . 
I'm doing computer repairs for cash again . Let me know if you're having any issues ... For friends , it's $30 /hr ... For friends of friends it's $40 /hr\ 
\ 
I can't make any promises when it comes to Macs but if it's Windows I can usually get to the bottom of the issue . 
Wants to get into something fun today ... Any suggestions ? 
Here is a great secret : Happiness is not created as a result of certain conditions . Certain conditions are created as a result of happiness . 
is gonna go on an extended road trip . Trying to collect funds before I go . Anyone need or know anyone who needs some computer repairs ? $30 an hour for friends . $40 an hour for friends of friends . 
Going to the Rainbow Gathering ... Leaving out Sunday . Won't be coming back for awhile . If you wanna see me before I leave , pipe up now ! 
Might be leaving sooner than expected but will be back in around 2 weeks ... Much Love you dastardly bastards <3 
My Mom can kick your Mom's ass ... Jus ' sayin'! 
Getting the rest of my shit in order . Sorry if I didn't get to see ya . I'll be back in two weeks or so ... Don't miss me too much ... 
Was about to leave NC to head to < PROPFEMALE > but the fuel pump in the bus is leaking so we're trying to patch it up so we won't have to spend gas money on a new one . Let's hope the patch job works . 
Got a new fuel pump but it didn't fit/work after many hours of messing with it . I think I got the old fuel pump working . Doing a couple of odd jobs to make back the money wasted on the new fuel pump . Gonna install the new fuel pump when finished with oddjobs and then hopefully get the fuck back on the road . 
is still is in NC ... going to go to TN in the morning and get the bus fixed . Probably going back to FL after that ... Even though this trip hasn't gone as planned I still feel like I am definitely in tight with the Universe . Life is good son ! 
Finally made it to TN ... It was definitely an experience to get here . The world isn't ready for < PROPFIRST > and I ... Somehow I think < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are ?!? Life is so good I could eat it with a spoon . 
So ... In TN and having an awesome time . The RIGHT fuel pump will be here Tuesday so we're fixing as much of the bus as we can until it comes in . Today is a relax day and then it's time to get to work to repay all of the AWESOME hospitality we've been shown . THANK YOU < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Do not withhold your love should another make choices you would not make . Indeed , if you believe their choices have been poor ones , this is precisely the time to show your love . That is compassion , and there is no higher expectation . 
likes a lil chili on his hotdog ... 
Back at home ... Feeling muchos lubbin's from Kelbasa and the Universe at large . I got presented with an opportunity while on the road so I've been busy thinking about the possibilities and the best course of action . Life is awesome yet oh so very confusing at times . Much Love Everyone ! <3 
doesn't understand why some people refuse to evolve . Not only do they refuse to evolve , they want to try to bring everyone else down to their miserable level . It's time for people to wake up , quit intentionally hurting each other and be grateful for all that they have . That means YOU < PROPMALE > . 
All of life is spiritual , and therefore all of life's problems are spiritually based - and spiritually solved . The only peace in all the world that is sustaining is Internal Peace . Let each person find peace within . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
Freedom begets truth , truth enables justice , justice brings peace , and peace nourishes love . It flows both ways as well . Start with Love and you'll find Freedom . 
Humans think that they are superior to nature , and so , they seek to subdue it . In doing this , they destroy the very habitat which was created to protect them and to be their paradise . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
Never offer the kind of help that disempowers . Never insist on offering the help you think is needed . Let the person or people in need know all that you have to give - then listen to what they want ; see what they are ready to receive . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
Gratitude is the attitude that changes everything . To be grateful for something is to stop resisting it , to see it and acknowledge it as a gift , even when the gift is not immediately apparent . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
Sometimes you gotta pick up the pieces and just keep on , keepin ' on ... 
Full < PROPFEMALE > Mushrooms ... Life is good <3 
is trying to forget what he did for the Klondyke bar ... /ashamed 
Much Love and Sweet Dreamy Dreams 2 U <3 
Thinks you should talk to your good friend Mushie !! Jus ' sayin'!! 
Nobody really cares if you’re miserable , so you might as well be happy . - Mars Montgomery 
Some people just don't know when to quit asking for shit ... 
When you bring an end to judgment , you bring an end to an entire way of living . This is no small thing . This is a life changing shift in attitude and behavior . This is a miracle . The way to move out of judgment is to move into gratitude . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
strikes again ... always hurting the people I'd NEVER want to hurt . Why am I such a douche bag ? 
A cool little perspective on life ... 
A cool little perspective on plants and humans ... 
\You are unhappy because you have forgotten how happy you are to be alive . \"" 
I got nothing ... 
It takes more than good memory to have good memories . 
Over it ... 
If I was gone tomorrow ... What's one thing you'd remember about me ? 
I exist only for the world . I belong to no one ; least of all , myself . 
A scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood . 
says that you can suck it ! Jus ' sayin ' ... 
The more you know , the less you believe . 
is kinda blah ... 
As long as you are worried about what others think of you , you are owned by them . Only when you require no approval from outside yourself can you own yourself . - Neale < PROPFIRST > Walsch 
\It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong . \ " ~ Francois < PROPFEMALE > Voltaire " 
What's the good word ? 
Eh ' Taco ?!? 
Life doesn't have to be perfect , Life has to be lived . 
changes come ... life will have its way with your pride , son ... keep your dignity ... take it like a man 
Vagina ... It's what's for dinner <3 
wants to have some fun today .... 
“Intelligence is the ultimate aphrodisiac . ” ——Tim Leary 
I don't like people who take drugs ... Customs men for example . - Mick Miller 
To Love , is to forgive ... 
Whats your favorite vegetarian dish ? 
Doobie ... or not doobie ... THAT is the question <===>~~~ 
A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with a single step . Lao Tzu 
“Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . ” 
No taco for you !!! 
\Some cause happiness wherever they go . Others whenever they go . \"" 
Getting ready to go to Asheville for a week . <3 
Back in Jax ... Sick as fook ... About to dine on sausage , eggs and nyquil ... 
Life is not a problem to be solved but a mystery to be experienced . 
It doesn't matter . It really doesn't ... Who is without a flaw ? 
Double Tacos !?! What does it mean ??????!?!?!?!?!? 
When Injustice Becomes Law , Rebellion Becomes Duty 
Have you ever noticed how Facebook is like prison ? You sit around wasting time & writing on walls while being poked by people you haven't met ... 
\It is no measure of health to be adjusted to a profundly sick society . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Fresco " 
Let us declare nature to be legitimate . All plants should be declared legal , and all animals for that matter . The notion of illegal plants and animals is obnoxious and ridiculous . \ 
— < PROPMALE > McKenna 
No drug , not even alcohol , causes the fundamental ills of society . If we're looking for the source of our troubles , we shouldn't test people for drugs , we should test them for stupidity , ignorance , greed and love of power . ~ P.J. O'Rourke 
is watching you diddle your doo-dad ! \ 
Such a dirty lil doo-dad ... 
Lesson for the day : Just because you can't see it ... Doesn't mean it's not there ! 
Many a false step is made by standing still . 
Decide what you want and go for it ! 
The cheese is old and moldy ... Where is the bathroom ?? 
Whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you stranger . 
You never go full retard ... 
\I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong . \ " \ 
Life is a tragedy to those who feel but a comedy to those who think - < PROPMALE > Walpole 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from the drama & people who create it . You must surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , LOVE the people who treat you right . PRAY for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but HAPPY . Falling down is a part of LIFE . Getting back up is LIVING ! ~ ~ Repost if you agree 
Would you like to touch my taco ?? * bats eyelashes * 
The first step to better times is to imagine them . - True Story ... 
There is a pleasure in the pathless woods , \ 
There is a rapture on the lonely shore , \ 
There is society , where none intrudes , \ 
By the deep sea , and music in its roar :\ 
I love not man the less , but Nature more , \ 
From these our interviews , in which I steal\ 
From all I may be , or have been before , \ 
To mingle with the Universe , and feel\ 
What I can ne'er express , yet cannot all conceal . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Lord < PROPMALE > 
Positive\ 
Energy\ 
Activates\ 
Constant\ 
Elevation 
is getting a hair cut tomorrow ... I've got mixed feelings about it :\\ 
So what's going on today ? 
LOUD NOISES !!!!!!! 
Today is the oldest you've ever been , yet the youngest you'll ever be , so enjoy this day while it lasts . 
Hearts are not to be had as a gift , hearts are to be earned . W.B. Yeats 
We are what we think . \ 
All that we are arises with our thoughts . \ 
With our thoughts we make the world . \ 
- Siddh ? rta ' Buddha ' Gautama 
< PROPFEMALE > La Revolution !!!! 
You , and you alone , decide what anything means to you . You get to choose what matters and doesn't matter . Your emotions are entirely under your control . Your feelings are what you want them to be . 
I love you ! <3 <3 
Life is pretty simple : You do some stuff . Most fails . Some works . You do more of what works . If it works big , others quickly copy it . Then you do something else . The trick is the doing something else . 
Iron rusts from disuse ; water loses its purity from stagnation ... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind . - < PROPMALE > da Vinci 
Since we all inhabit the Earth , all of us are considered earthlings . There is no sexism , racism , or speciesism in the term earthling . It encompasses each and every one of us , warm or cold-blooded , mammal , vertebrae or invertebrate , bird , reptile , amphibian , fish , & human alike . Humans , being not the only species on this planet , share this world with millions of other living creatures as we all evolved here together . 
Everyone is ignorant ... Only in different subjects ... 
Life's a garden man ! Dig it ! 
Doesn't it suck when you try to help people but your help isn't \good enough\ " so they get all pissy . I try to be grateful and appreciative for ANY help I get . Ionno ... Some people just don't get it ... " 
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have , but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have . - < PROPMALE > Keonig 
I gotta 10 foot taco with your name ALL over it ... Not really but that would be kinda keeeewwwwllll ...... 
Going to St. < PROPFIRST > today ... I love that place . <3 
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , Who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of God . 
