It pisses me off to no end that people who don't take the government at its word are called conspiracy theorists . You're god damned right I want to see Osama Bin Laden's corpse . I want proof . \ 
\ 
I didn't trust < PROPFIRST > W . Bush , and I don't trust Obama . They're politicians , politicians lie . 

99% of Lawyers give the other 1% a bad name . \ 
Prosecutes condemn the innocent and defense attorneys defend the guilty . 
I'm getting an MRI on Saturday . I'll finally get to see my brain . \ 
( unfunny joke/)\ 
I don't know if they'll be able to capture that much brilliance on their machine without it breaking . \ 
(/unfunny joke)\ 
When they identify the problem they can finally fix me . That's right , damn it . To all of you who said there was nothing wrong with me you can suck on my pituitary tumor ( non-cancerous ) . 
I have spent 17 hours working on a take home economics test knowing I will , at best , earn a C . Fun . 
The semester is finally over . It sucks that I need to wait 7 more days to get my grades , then I'll know if I get to attend for another semester . \ 
If I screw up this semester my hopes for an education die . 
I can ; t believe that people still believe in astrology after the advent of astronomy . Astrology at it's core relied on one concept , that the Earth is the center of the universe . After it was discovered that the Earth isn't even the center of the entire universe , our galaxy , or even the solar system Astrology should have died out . It's mind blowing what people will believe . 
I set low standards for myself and consistently fail to achieve them . Not my line , but I'm using it anyway . 
Coffee is good . \ 
< PROPMALE>'s recipe : \ 
1/4 cup coffee - 5 cups water\ 
Filter the finished brew through yet more coffee . \ 
Add 3 tablespoons of instant Mocha/Cappuccino/whatever instant you like as long as it's not decaffeinated \ 
( optional ) - Coffee flavored ice cream\ 
If you want a recipe that will really get you wired , I know a guy . 
My View of the Constitution : The US Constitution is meant to protect the individual from the majority . Nowadays politics in < PROPFEMALE > is dominated by populism , the idea that the majority opinion is the correct opinion - I see this as mob rule . Each person is equal in the eyes of the law , the law is blind . A democracy depends on the feelings of human beings - unequal , clouded by opinion . 
I'm actually going to go outside today ... exciting . 
I bought a pouch of American Spirit Perique Blend tobacco yesterday at a tobacco shop . It's a great smoking tobacco . I recommend it above all other rolling tobaccos I've come across thus far . 
Modern life is boring . There isn't anything left to explore . It's too bad that long distance space exploration isn't practical . 
I occasionally think about what it would be like to take a human life but then I remember ' 25-to-life with/without the possibility of parole ' depending on whether or not they can prove it was premeditated . 
All drugs should be legal . People assume that they have the right to protect people from themselves . People are going to use drugs . Drugs are never going away . The Drug War is a losing battle . We clearly haven't learned our lesson after Alcohol prohibition . When criminals control an enterprise there are violent consequences . The drug war hurts us more than it helps us . 
If you've taken the time to watch the news lately ... by lately I mean anytime in the last decade the quality of news programs have taken a nose dive . I can't stand to watch this inane bullshit that passes for news . CNN is about as informative as People magazine , Fox news is a right-wing propaganda machine , and MSNBC is a left-wing Fox news . Call me an idealist but news shouldn't be opinionated . 
I'm getting tired of the perpetual ignorance that is pervading modern society . What's worse is that people are no longer just ignorant , they take pride in their ignorance . How do you take pride in idiocy ? HOW ? \ 
I HATE STUPID PEOPLE . \ 
You don't have to be a genius but could you try not being moron ? 
I recently saw Transformers 3 . Damn you , < PROPFIRST > Bay , damn you to hell . You can keep my money just give me my time back . 
I believe that every law abiding citizen should own at least one semi-automatic rifle that is capable of accepting a 30 round magazine ( either a 5.56 or 7.62 NATO ) . I also believe that there should be citizen-run militias in all 50 states . We live in a world where a government of sufficient size and influence can utilize that power to control it's population with force . 
I have come to the conclusion after much research I have determined that Christianity is not the ultimate enemy to a free world . In fact if you disregard the fundamentalists who have become so prevalent in our society it has been modernized quite nicely . Islam has no place in the modern world . The only way to pacify it is to destroy it utterly . 
I can't think of one instance where loyalty to others has served to make my life better . It is in these failures that I have learned that being self-serving is not a bad thing . People are extraneous and regardless of what you believe you always choose yourself over others . Even when you choose others you are choosing yourself . Simplify the equation , look out for #1 . 
I look at my increasing cynicism and bitterness as a positive . Nothing I've done thus far has benefited me . I think that being contented with my miserable excuse for an existence would be a mistake on my part . Being content with a miserable situation would be stupid . I prefer misery to stupidity . 
I have parotitis . It's quite painful . The left side of my mouth is swollen . Good times . 
Camel Turkish < PROPMALE > s are the best cigarettes that I have ever had the pleasure of smoking . I recommend them to any person who enjoys a good smoke every now and again . I regret every wasted moment smoking all of those terrible mentholated abominations . \ 
Good tobacco is one of life's perks that I wouldn't trade . There is nothing better than enjoying a delicious pint of Guinness , or any other good stout , and a < PROPMALE > . 
I'm registering for classes tomorrow . I'm retaking a few classes I didn't take seriously a couple years ago . I plan to rectify those failures . 
I just got back home after registering for my classes . I can't wait till the semester starts . My life will have purpose . 
If you were planning on watching Scream 4 , don't . It recycles every tired cliche known to man . The only people this movie would appeal to are the annoying teenagers who haven't taken the time to watch the movies < PROPMALE > Craven shamelessly references throughout the entirety of this film , including his own . 
Computers are great for a lot of things but math is not one of those things , that is if you don't plan to cheat . I've been brushing up on my math skills . I haven't practiced in years so it's going to take some time . I learn fast , especially with < PROPFIRST > and facts , but I've forgotten more than I care to say . 
The < PROPFIRST > Adams Summer Variety 12-Pack is a huge disappointment . Mind altering , but disappointing . 
I'd leave the apartment every now and again if there weren't so many of those \people\ " things out there . Did you know that there are 6 Billion of these creatures ? They never stop talking . Why on Earth do they talk ? \ 
I hate sleeping ... I can't stand the nightmares . 
I walked to the gas station to get a pack of Camel Royals and ended up being short 30 cents . I bought dip instead . On my way home I realized that I did have enough money but I accidentally put a dollar in the wrong pocket . Damn it all . 
