Marched with JTI in the Pride parade yesterday , thankful for the political oasis in a sea of rainbow commerce . Now I can take my sick self back to bed . 

Zzzzzz . 
It's been raining so long there may well be mildew growing within my very soul . 
Two weeks to departure . Can't wait to get home , dry out , pet my beloveds , prep my courses , and finish up a phase of the unholy . 
A surprise picnic . Gravity bringing mortality nearer . Great triumph for dearest of dear friends . Holy shit , what a week already . Go , Dr. < PROPMALE > McCann ! 
Leave the job : two days . Leave Boston : Five days . A matriarchal visit , breakfast with Dr. Wright , a Bukowski of a time with Dr. McCann (!) , a gathering of the old school , and into the arms of the brilliant and beautiful Dr. Cloud as of ten days from now . 
Packing is wack . I'd much rather be pestering < PROPFIRST > on his birthday ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY , < PROPFIRST > !! 
Landed in Indianapolis . Dr. McCann - rock < PROPFEMALE > - is a delightful host . Also , for those of you in Ohio , I feel compelled to tell you that your state takes six million years to drive across . 
Time with sweet < PROPFEMALE > , a perfect 24 hours with Dr. McCann so far , and an anticipated brilliant stop on the love bus 2009 tour ( Dr. Aguayo's words ) tomorrow via the < PROPFIRST > Debs museum in Terre Haute . Odd - I grew up thinking that the midwest was some < PROPFEMALE > 
Fifteen hours ' drive would've been much less but for Arkansas monsoons . 
I find myself missing < PROPMALE > today . Maybe , just maybe , it might be because he isn't here . Yet oh , so happy to be home , between < PROPFIRST>'s sweet laugh , < PROPFIRST>'s sno-cone coiff , and all sixteen paws of furry lovin ' goodness . 
Balls to the Pauli principle . 
Home is nice , if on the hotter-than-hades side of things . 
Baby's first syllabi : liberating and intimidating all at the same time . I kinda want my mommy . And a manhattan . Gee , I hope the kids at school will like me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > the Dog : By day , small , furry , and sweet . By night , quadruples in size and takes over the bed , driving humans out with her mighty wookie feet and death breath . 
103 degrees ? Seriously ?! Reacclimation underway - I just hope my skin won't catch fire and burn off in the meantime . 
Gods of Motivation , why have you abandoned me ?! I will totally place True Blood Season 1 on the altar if only you will return and smite me with your mighty dope-slap of discipline and inspiration . 
Blissed out @ home . It's sinking in . I dig it . 
Toe is not broken/Bruised , though , swollen , and painful/Shoes are still a no . 
Baby bird has left the nest . Where did the time go ? I'm thinking it's a multiple-cocktail-and-old-country-music kind of night . 
Oriented , but tired . But I have a feeling this is going to be an all-right semester . 
Ah , I've got demons inside me . Evil , evil morning demons that make me snarl , holler , and generally rain hell on those around me . ( Sorry , D . ) 
Exorcism by coffee and spousal < PROPFEMALE > . On to feeding my political jones at the TX Socialist day school . ( I can stop anytime I like . Really . I just get the shakes for a while afterwards ... Okay , I admit it . Hiatus hurts . ) 
Bidding the oogedy-boogedys at the Driskill a good night of haunting people . Other people . Those who aren't trying to sleep past their nerves on the < PROPFEMALE > of the first day of classes . 
I . Love . My . Job . Delightful students , classes I dig teaching , kind colleagues who bring beginning-of-the-semester cookies ... what * is * this little joy bubble ? ( No , it's not lack of sleep . ) May the other shoe just stay up there wherever it is . 
Now that the semester is underway , our heroine returns her attention to writing . ( And not just as an excuse to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , though that would be reason enough . ) 
Ah , the lonely office hour . We'll see if that changes . Meanwhile , it's course website set-up and the time-suck that is facebook . 
The first-years have caught fire . I <3 them . Who knew fifty minutes could go by so quickly ? 
Loooooong teaching day . I still love it . But damn , they wore me out today . I blame Toulmin . 
Writing today . Oh , yes . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Any teaching day that contains ' Planet Rock ' is a good teaching day . I can't wait til we get to Dead Prez . 
2am . Baking cake . Is that weird ? 
* Wicked * cranky today . Sending < PROPFIRST > off to do social things so she can escape my directionless wrath . 
Writing slowly today . Feels like each letter is being extracted from my body - proceeding with care so as to avoid pain . 
The students are rocking my world . They do the readings . ( Props to < PROPMALE > Selfa and < PROPFEMALE > Wolf for their textual guest appearances - very well received . ) They say interesting things . They laugh at my jokes . Now , if only the first paycheck of the semester would hurry up and arrive ... 
Some things suck . Most things , however , do not . On balance , suck does not win . 
Creeping up on a complete draft . Busy weekend ahead . In yo ugly damn face , debilitating self doubt ! ( You heard me . ) 
Writing . Must write faster . Allergies slowing me down . 
Parents ' Weekend at Hendrix College coming up . Wasn't it just yesterday that I got to play soccer mom in motorcycle boots ? A mere second ago that I whooped for the marching band ? ( Deal with the dissonance , y'all . ) While nostalgia isn't completely warranted , my favorite small animal is not so small anymore . And now that she's gotten her nose pierced , she can accomplish anything . 
Run DMC , debates about white privilege , and a discussion of the Dodge Revolutionary Union Movement . Plus a couple of selections from the Little Red Songbook . Damn , I love this gig . My students are geniuses . 
Writing more . Must write faster . It's time to get ' r done , fo sho . Meanwhile , excited as hell to see < PROPFIRST > this weekend , even if it is in Arkansas . And here's sending a shout-out to a < PROPMALE > among friends and colleagues for love and support . 
Parents ' Weekend was great . < PROPFIRST > is doing brilliantly ( yay ! ) . Only downside is the sixteen writing hours lost to the drive to Arkansas and back ( boo ! ) . 
Made up some lost writing time today . Almost there . Someday I will learn to stop reading and just type . 
I need some pedagogical benadryl to conquer a collective reading allergy overtaking my froshes . They just seem a little frayed at the edges . Midterms ? The weather ? Abuse of the Socratic method ? Poor dears . 
Draft 2 of Prospectus 2 is off my damn desk . Now I can grade some papers . ( After a cocktail . Maybe I'll just grade really , really fast tomorrow . ) 
Students recovered from their reading allergy and redeemed themselves today . Of course , any day is a good one that includes < PROPMALE > X , Dr. < PROPMALE > , radical flanking , Public Enemy , and ' Eyes on the Prize ' . Damn , I love this gig ! 
NationalEqualityMarchNationalEqualityMarchNationalEqualityMarch ! Check the posts below : Obama's record on LGBT rights , history of our struggle , next steps for our movement , why marching matters . Out of the closet and into the streets , y'all! 
It was a lovely day . Then the Peace Prize goes to a pres who continues Bush's policies in Afghanistan and elsewhere . Then < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > dumps on the National Equality March . It's time to march , y'all , and to tell the Dems that we're no longer willing to take \the tranquilizing drug of gradualism . \ " No more accommodating the party responsible for the policies we're trying to end . Nothing less than full equality ! " 
In DC , sharing a room with the lovely Drs . Cloud & < PROPMALE > . Following an incredible < PROPFEMALE > Wolf/Cleve Jones event , I'm just waiting for the march to begin . Meanwhile , I can't say enough how brilliant it was to hear the words out of Obama's mouth about < PROPFIRST > Shepard , DODT , and employment discrimination . One question , though : Would he have given the same speech tonight if we weren't in his back yard right now ? 
Down with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , up with Lady GaGa . At least 150,000 out today . Way to go , JTI ! It's cocktail time , y'all . 
2:30 am , gotta go to the airport soon for a red-eye back to < PROPFIRST > . Holdin ' it down with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > in the hotel bar while my beloved gently sleeps . ( Can't sleep now - we just ordered pizza . ) 
Chicken doesn't have doggy cancer ( yay ! ) . < PROPFIRST > tore a calf muscle ( boo ! ) . I am worn out . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > climbed the radical ladder put up by the Mattachines , Bilitis , Stonewall , Milk , and the rest of the movement all the way up to the House of Reps . He's since kicked the ladder out from under him and convinced himself that the ladder never existed . He continues to live rent-free in Uncle < PROPMALE>'s cabin , over on the wrong side of history . In schoolyard terms : < PROPMALE > , your a ** is grass . The pressure is coming . 
Questioning the wisdom of agreeing - two years ago - to write this book chapter , due this week . I barely remember what I was doing two years ago . ( No dissertation jokes , please . Be kind . ) 
OK , it's about time to pimp the birthday . Bust out the wallets , y'all , and give it up to CEDP and CERSC . ( See my notes for info and links . ) 
Kerbey < PROPFIRST > this morning , Dead Prez @ Emo's tonight . And Methodius finally came home to Mother after a three-day bender of birds , bugs , and taking kibble from strangers . To top it all off , sweet birthday wishes and kind donations from wonderful people are warming my heart and helping change the world . 
Too old to be staying out all night . Why , oh why , did DP have to play at midnight before a long teaching day ? Falling behind and into a slight panic . 
Kitties should not have holes in them other than the ones they were born with . Old Man Methodius is in the hospital , and Mama's pacing the floor . 
Methodius is home . Seems he's not a big fan of the e-collar . Or the stitches . Or the hole under the stitches . Or the traitor who took him to the vet in the first place . Tough love , kitteh . Don't break mah heart . 
Writing , grading , learning more about FIV , wondering about antiretrovirals ( AZT for kitties ? ) . 
Need sleep . Want to be home with my little saint . Love < PROPFIRST > for packing lunch today . 
< PROPMALE > Blanton scheduled to be executed in TX @ 6pm TODAY . Call < PROPFIRST > @ 5124632000 & demand he stop the execution ! 
No more legal lynchings ! Please fight to stop executions ! http://www.nodeathpenalty.org 
Holy shit , y'all! Ten years , countless court dates , demos , petitons , speak-outs , teach-ins , and WE WON ! Charges dropped against < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Springsteen ! Congratulations , < PROPFEMALE > and CEDP ! 
Household pets are a needy lot this week . Methodius is all franken-kitty with his shave and stitches , < PROPMALE > is molting * again , * since it seems he didn't get it right the last time , Chicken went aggro last night , and < PROPFEMALE>'s treating the litter box like a family-style buffet . At least < PROPMALE > is consistent - she's always been batshit crazy . 
You know today's a midterm exam/paper deadline day when you catch students nodding off during a discussion of 50 Cent . Poor little wankstas . 
Running behind . Again . Boo . 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > Cloud . 
Two things really astound me today : 1 ) Iowa is actually cooler than Maine ; 2 ) The mainstream LGBT movement still spends its considerable resources chasing a state-by-state strategy that continues to fail instead of mobilizing at the federal level ( say , along with the rest of the movement ) for full equality under all matters under the law . 
Whose stupid idea was this damn flu , anyhow ? I don't wanna stay home tomorrow ! 
Not a fan of the flu . Can I give it back already and get on with my life ? 
To a burning , miserable hell with this flu ! I'm drugging up to get my teach on tomorrow . Keep your distance , y'all! ( I'm packing hand sanitizer . ) 
NCA coming to a close . Short nap before flying home . Then grading and prep for what promises to be a long Monday . Seeing beloved friends and colleagues makes it worth while . Still , another UnConvention would be better . 
Home again , home again . Grading again . Hope I didn't frighten off the prospectives who sat in on my hip-hop class yesterday . 
An afternoon of love , communication , and poo . Then dinner afterwards . The students may well think that everyone at UT is either a potty-mouthed eccentric ( I mean it lovingly ) , a fire-breathing revolutionary socialist , or - in my case - a potty-mouthed , eccentric , fire-breathing revolutionary socialist . I <3 this job . 
Methodius ' health care costs are higher than mine . Can kitties get single-payer coverage ? Can humans ? 
This is getting ridiculous . Methodius had a tooth out yesterday - expensive . Then his leg was taped too tightly , yielding a swollen , cartoon-looking paw - freakish . Now he's back on < PROPFEMALE > morphine , chasing the dragon while mama hopes the vet will take a post-dated check - wicked unfair . 
Hip-hop throwdown in class a week from now pro and contra Eminem . Would it be wrong for me to let them rap their final ? Meanwhile , back to writing . ( Focus ! ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s home ! Now it's a holiday . 
Fourth day sans cigs . Feel like crap , but not homicidal . I hear it gets better . 
I'd like to pull my face off now , ' mkay ? 
Thank Gawd for box wine ( and thank < PROPMALE > ) . Keeps me from wanting to pull my face off . 
Um , I still want to pull my face off . Novel addition : I want to pull your face off , too . Kisses ! 
Got face ? Me , too . And there's a lot of work in front of it . 
Okay , enough with the face thing . Now I'm just moderately weepy with the wanting to smoke . But I won't smoke . And I don't smoke . And I'm a non-smoking kind of person . Oh , balls , I actually still do want to rip off your face ! Does that make me a bad person ? 
Enough about my not smoking bits . WTF about the new surge in Af-Pak ? Seriously ? SERIOUSLY ? Yeah , he says troops will be withdrawn from Iraq . He failed to mention that the same troops will be deployed to Afghanistan . This is not a furlough home . This is not a real withdrawal . And this is not a mission of which we are on the right . US out of Iraq AND Afghanistan . AND Pakistan . 
Last day of 2 out of 3 classes . I'm going to miss my students , even if all semblance of structure has dissolved and nearly every one of them has either melted down or developed a fidgeting problem . :( 
Did anybody else know that there's such a thing as banana pudding ice cream with nilla wafers mixed in ? Oh , joy abundant ! 
Nine days clean . I thank The Lawd for banana pudding ice cream , even as I double in glorious non-smoking circumference . At least I can breathe at the gym now , almost . Know any good chimneysweeps ? 
Much travel ahead . Looking forward to seeing good people in the midwest next week and watching darling brother < PROPFIRST > graduate next weekend from WVU , grading all the while . Arse on fire . Keeps me warm . 
His Expensiveness , Methodius , is back in the shop . All is well so far . Still not smoking ( neither he nor I ) . More like hacking ( both he and I ) some direct objects not suitable for polite conversation . Ick . 
A test of my abstemiousness : I spent an obscene amount of money learning that Methodius is well . Damn cat needs to get a job . He's got scratching and digging skills . He can kill things . And he makes his own brand of repellent noxious enough to keep any creature with a sense of smell far , far away . Any takers ? 
If you even look like you might spray my suitcase , you're gonna be violin string . 
I was pulled over today by a po-po man with preternaturally white teeth . Part of the new Caps for Cops program , I suppose . 
< PROPFIRST > Cloud = rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
( grading + cold rain + travel ) x anxiety / ( good people around + spouse who rocks ) = a bad-day quotient < 1 . That will do . 
One would think that rhythm and wordplay were above and beyond the call , but the students are really bringin ' it . Citation via shout-out to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to beats coming from laptop speakers - it all makes me want to weep with pride . If only I could find a way to include a rapping option in every final exam in every class I teach from now on . 
Friday fail . Time for Saturday now , okay ? 
Detroit airport , Pittsburgh next . The drive to Morgantown will allow me to stop off and buy a f*ing coat , thus joining that part of the human race that is sane . And warm . 
No amount of ironic detachment or suspended disbelief can redeem that sub-kitsch song about ten thousand fireflies that keeps playing on the few stations my rental car receives . Lightning bug hugs ? Seriously ? The earth does turn slowly , Owl City , entirely too slowly to keep your insipid song out of rotation . A crime against pop music . 
Grading hip-hop finals - and it don't stop , y'all! 
Gratitude to < PROPMALE > for the holiday haunch . ( Perhaps I should rethink arguing with an advisor who likes to shoot things . ) A first-attempt , 36-hour < PROPFEMALE > barbecue-marinated haunchlet is in the works . So are revisions . 
Drinking is not a substitute for smoking . I understand that now . 
Tonight , Avatar 3D with my D . Tomorrow , writing . Meanwhile , cinnamon toothpicks are getting me through day 24 . 
Avatar : 1 ) Identity politics won't save you ; 2 ) My heart will go on ( Wait . Wrong soundtrack , right ? ) ; 3 ) I <3 < PROPFEMALE > , and so should you . 
Words of wisdom from the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Metatarsals and the Ad Council : Don't break your toes . 
No gas = no heat , no hot water , 30 degrees outside now , colder last night . Now I understand why there's a fireplace in our living room . Can I come shower at your place ? Classes start tomorrow , and I don't want to smell off . 
All is warm on the home front , and I am clean enough for the classroom . Thanks to all kind souls who offered aid . 
Yes , my face * will * freeze like this . 
My social movements class decided spontaneously to , uh , start a movement . Syllabus revision is underway . Damn , I love this gig . 
Rest in peace , < PROPMALE > Zinn . Let us < PROPFEMALE > on the work he started by telling ( and making ! ) the people's history . 
Tired . Grumpy . Not liking today so far . 
LGBT movement in one class ( from Stonewall through Dems to NEM ) , campaign attack ads in the other ( < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 1 , < PROPFIRST > Horton , Swiftboat , anti-Hillary 1984 ) . The day ended up more fun than it started . 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > . She cheers me up . We drink wine . We talk politics . She reminds me how much I miss activism . * sigh * Marxists cannot live by theory alone . ( Hear that , dissertation ? ) 
Can't . Lift . Pen . Ugh ! Can't . Grade . Papers . There's some kind of mojo whammy drawing me away from the papers towards a movie and popcorn . I'm powerless to fight it . 
We've been burgled . Balls . ( At least they left the TV , so < PROPFIRST > can console herself with American Idol . ) And this would be the first time I've ever been on * this * end of a police report . Balls to that , too . 
Remember when I said I love my job ? Seems I get to love it for another year . Take that , week of suck ! 
I <3 my students . I also <3 that COMMON IS COMING TO CAMPUS ( 2/26) ! And I'm wicked honored to be approached to do/say something about hip-hop history/politics/I don't yet know what before the concert . ( Seriously , where did they get my number ? ) 
The sun is waaaaaay over the yardarm . 
Snow tomorrow ? Are you effing serious ? We can NOT afford a snow day at this crucial point in the syllabus ! I want my Rhet Crit drafts ! ( Please , my students are so bloody brilliant ! ) 
Scratch that last post . I want a snow day . 
What's worse , hauling one's cookies to class in the icky snow , or having classes canceled after already having made the commute ? ( Saw one spin-out on the way up . ) 
Waiting until 3pm to cancel classes is just cruel . Seriously . 
Too ... much ... grading . More time , please . 
Dear Coronavirus : If you're going to stick around , you might as well start grading , you bastard . 
Just get through the week . Teach , grade , write , hack , sniffle , repeat . Spring break is coming . 
Coverage of the recent shoot ' em up at the Pentagon makes it sound like the DSM-IV should be amended to include \Reefer Madness\ " and \ " Bipolar Disorder Type IV : Political . \"" 
They called me epic , but I'm just diseased . ( I collected their papers and sent them away . ) 
Spring Break , meet bronchitis , sinusitis , and ear infection . Diseases , meet Spring Break . You'll be spending a few days together while I cuss my students for getting their germs on me . Stupid germs ! 
Diseases , prepare to meet your maker . It's chemical warfare time . 
Prescription as written for Nuva Ring birth control : \Use 1 per vagina as directed . \ " Makes one wonder about recorded misuses . " 
Students eased my post-break reentry shock . Yet , the stacks of paper don't get smaller . How is that ? Paper mitosis ? Paper made of bunnies ? Essays that got a little tanked over spring break and ended up making new paragraphs ? 
Time for a eu-turn . 
Chapter One is emerging , yearning to be adequate . How lucky I am to have you , my despot interlocutor . I see a future in mutual ass-kicking . ( If you show me your chapter , I'll show you mine . ) 
??????? ?? ??????? ? ???????? ? ??????. ??????? ?? ???????? ???????????? ? ??????? ?? ???? ?????? ? ?????? ????? ??????. 
The insomnia I could do without . Other than that , I <3 < PROPFIRST > for being < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > for being < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > for not barfing in the night ( the last is a pre-emptive , optimistic love ) . 
Did anyone else hear Obama say \the fierce urgency of now\ " to talk about Afghanistan ? Quoting < PROPMALE > in the service of war ? Seems the audacity of hope has been thrown over for the audacity of imperialism . " 
Cabin surrounded by blessedly non-pollenating juniper , hiking through unfortunately brambly juniper , chillaxing in porch swing and rocking chair , drinking wine , no e-mail access , just the two of us . Excellent 2 days of 3-day weekend . 
Goodbye , long weekend . Hello , long week . At least my students for the most part have been rejuvenated enough to rock my world again . 
Yes , that final paper has been at the end of the syllabus all along . So have the presentations . And the < PROPFEMALE > number requirements . It's all been there , my lambs . Why do you look so surprised ? 
Poor < PROPFIRST > . Apparently there * is * such a thing as blinding pain , where a migraine can send one to hospital before hopping on a plane to a conference . Meanwhile , the \UT 10\ " meet again for an interesting foray into public memory . ( Maybe I can correct that damned DT quote . ) " 
UT 10 panel best part : seeing former student activists who are still activists and emerging student activists who keep pushing further . Worst part ( other than feeling a bit bashful about the whole thing ): um , I'm still a student activist . Arrested development all the way around . 
She sleeps as if on a mission . I envy that . Rest well , sweetie . I've stolen your parking pass so you can't go to work . 
Don't think you're getting your car keys or your parking pass back tomorrow , either . 
Idol tonight : The Sexless < PROPMALE > Show , or How Not to Shake It , or What a Waste of a Perfectly Good < PROPFIRST > Lambert Consult . 
Migraines are stupid . Whose stupid idea were they , anyhow ? 
Thank the merciful heavens for presentation days . They're like a postponed seventh-inning stretch somewhere at the bottom of the eighth . 
It is around this time of the day that it occurs to me just how beastly I am in the morning . ( Sorry , D . ) 
Okay , writers : Drop me some folk remedies for perfectionism-induced paralysis . 
Dear Homunculus : Ease up on the amygdala . 
Dear Homunculus : You're fired . 
She's older than Velveeta , Fenway Park , the ( former ) Soviet Union , and Chevrolet . She's outlived her contemporaries < PROPFEMALE > , Chernenko , and < PROPFEMALE > Ball . Yet , she still has a one-liner handy and a laugh that'll blow your little house down . Raise a glass for my < PROPFEMALE > on her 99th birthday ! 
Wanted : Alchemist . Must have experience turning lead into gold . 
The grading never stops . I'm beginning to re-think my assignments . At least I'm teaching Hip-Hop Cultures again next semester , with the final exam rapping option . ( How to incorporate that into all my classes ? ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Battaglia is a rock < PROPFEMALE > . Dr. Rock < PROPFEMALE > to you . 
On the corkboard outside my office door yesterday , an anonymous gifter left me a DVD of \The Obama Deception\ " by < PROPFIRST > Jones . How thoughtful . I hope s/he doesn't think the poster of < PROPFEMALE > on my wall indicates support for the president . ( The \ " deception\ " I have in mind probably isn't the one Jones is talking about . ) " 
Happy birthday to < PROPMALE > McCann ! He is without doubt among the best to walk the planet . 
Semester's end : a bucket of joy in a truckload of suck . 
Happy International Workers Day , all ! 
I'd be a better daughter if I had posted this earlier , but Happy Birthday to my wonderful mother ! I may have inherited your mother's nose and my father's mouth , but if I am at all good-hearted , that I got from you . 
Oh , there's a lot to talk about today ( see links below ): Arizona's new immigration law and protests against same , < PROPMALE>'s Gaza blockade , and the more mundane crime of never-ending grading . 
Seniors ' grades are posted . Now to whack away at the rest of the pile . ( Oh , the humanity ! ) 
No , you may not turn in a shorter paper and expect the same grade as for a thorough one . ( And yes , I can tell when you're bullcritting . ) Yes , you may turn in a longer paper , but not much longer . Yes , you should cite sources . Yes , not coming to class does ( and did ) lower your grade . Yes , of course I understand the stress you're under . No , maintaining your stellar GPA is not in my job description , but yours . * sigh * 
I love it when my kvetching about grading is met with a batch of superior papers . Makes the slog ever so much more worthwhile . 
Oh , balls . 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . And the NFL . 
Happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > Cloud , love of my life . No green icing melting ( we'll always have the recipe ) . No smoke in our eyes ( they asked me how I knew ) . You still close your eyes when I kiss your lips . Darling , you send me ( honest you do ) . Point is , birthday girl , you are my favorite person and I'm ever so glad you were born . 
Almost . There . Almost . Done . Grading . 
Grading is D-O-N-E ! On to the writing - after all the grading , the diss seems less intimidating . 
A full night's sleep ? How deliciously novel . Homunculus is happy not to be napping at the controls . 
I so like it when I get what I want . It's a happy . 
Time to drop some written wisdom . ( Yes , < PROPMALE > , this includes proofs . ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s home . It is good . 
It writes . 
Writing : It sucks not . ( Hey , McCann , this \word faith\ " thing comes in handy-like ! I'm goin ' all Osteen on this sh*t ! ) " 
It was at least two whole days of fabulous in just one teensy little yesterday package . Huzzah , graduated friends , and long live the memory of < PROPMALE > Milk ! 
On the road with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Feels good to leave Texas for a spell . 
In < PROPFEMALE > with fellow groomsfolk , getting slurrier by the minute . 
Survived the night . Forging on into the hot daytime sun with a humbler head . 
I heart < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Morning numero dos . Can do . 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > , slightly worse for wear . 
A finished chapter , a little journal action - today has not sucked . 
Not my best maneuver . So sorry , J . 
Okay , let's see if this next day is an improvement . 
Shiny new syllabus . 
Just landed in < PROPMALE > . Is it cocktails yet ? 
Home again , just in time to leave for Kansas City . 
It's a long way to Kansas City , but a short trip to a manhattan . 
Fan culture is f***ing weird . 
Love , puppies , and sourdough pancakes in Wichita . 
Trying to bid the tumult cease and let me get some damn work done . 
TOMORROW ! CA DISTRICT COURT TO DECIDE ON PROP 8 ! RALLY AT < PROPFIRST > CITY HALL AT 5:30 PM ! 
And Prop 8 goes down ! Demo at < PROPFIRST > City Hall to celebrate the victory , 5:30 PM !!! 
Tallahassee is gross , but my sister's brilliant company is well worth the trip . 
Please tell < PROPFEMALE > not to head into the light just yet . We're not ready . 
So proud of my graduate sister . 
Another Tallahassee flight delay . Please , just get me home on time . 
A quiet day following an extraordinary day that followed a brilliant day . 
< PROPFEMALE > has rebounded and is back to eating bugs in the yard . Gross , but comforting . 
Two chapters down , three to go . 
Another round of goodbyes as < PROPFIRST > heads back off to college . Yay to < PROPFIRST > at college ! Boo to goodbyes . :( 
First day of school , exhausting and energizing at the same time . 
Second class day : Is it weird to be giddy ? 
Four classes per day = one tired < PROPFEMALE > . Fortunately , the students are brilliant . 
A good day made better by time with friends . 
A good day made better by time with my lovely and a couple of experimental Sazeracs . 
I love teaching about Stonewall . 
Who said it could be September already ? And who put the freeze-whammy on my brain ? Most importantly , who wants to compose a quiz for my intro class ? 
I cannot explain my revulsion to quizzes . Why must I hate the little labor-saving devices ? What masochism draws me to the essay as an evaluation tool ? 
A crappy day made crappier by crap . 
Is it wrong for me to FB while my students are taking a quiz ? 
It's a beautiful day to hate Morrissey . 
It's a beautiful day to love < PROPFIRST > Cloud . 
Teaching . Diss . Job market . I can has cocktail ? 
One half day canceled , one half no air conditioning . That's just mean . 
Dear Homunculus : Shut up and work . 
Today : the end of old school hip-hop , the fate of the LGBTQ movement , and tattoos . 
Dear Hieronymus : Don't make me come up there . 
Poor D , with the poison < PROPFEMALE > . 
Still so strange to me how different two back-to-back sections of the same class can be . Not a bad thing , but a little puzzling . 
Chapter , grading , job packets , class prep . Rinse , repeat . 
Pondering the over-presentation of self in everyday life . 
Where did the day go ? 
Today : hip-hop commercialization , 1930s labor militancy , and freestyle interpretations of Goffman . This day will make me tired . 
Whupped . 
Today got squeezed out by yesterday and tomorrow as I stuffed a range of past deeds and potential futures into a pile of job packet envelopes . The market : today's reason for cocktail hour . 
Whupped redux . 
She confirms daily my love of humankind . 
Wishing I could have joined D . at Hendrix this weekend . I miss < PROPFIRST > . 
Grading , grading , grading . And more grading . 
Papers are graded , quizzes on the way , classes prepped , chapter three beckons . Monday , you don't scare me . 
Stay away from UT campus . Stay put and safe if you're there . 
Campus settling down . No injuries besides the shooter , who was a student . Tragic . 
Another day . Who's to say what passes for ordinary ? 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull grrl . 
Actually got some writing done today . Who'da thunk it ? 
McLuhan for kiddies was a job and a half . Wait til they get a load of Adorno . I believe in the kids , though . Their noodles are pretty springy . 
Whupped redux redux . 
Returned from wedding weekend to a pile of grading and prep . A joyously happy brother and new sister and nephew make the price of time well worth paying . I'll try to keep the whining to a minimum . 
Thanks all for the birthday love . 
Ugh . 
I smell fresh syllabi . 
Day One of Intro to Comm Studies ( x2 ) and Rhetorical Traditions is done . The students are , for the most part , lovely . We'll see what Wednesday has in store . 
Day Two done . No fatalities . 
I loves me some < PROPMALE > Gatchets . 
Off to warp young minds . 
Not ready , but willing . 
Rest in peace , sweet < PROPFEMALE > . 
Intro students have a performance day , while Rhetorical Traditions tackles Gorgias . ( I hope they don't rip his toga . ) 
They're taking a quiz . I'm on FB . No , I don't feel guilty . 
Caught talking in my sleep last night . Apparently concerned about the mineral state of < PROPFEMALE > . Some people snore - I chat about cremation . Next show TBA . 
From embodied communication to Plato's Phaedrus , a full day awaits . And still my mind turns to Egypt and the prospect of a democratic Middle East . 
We sprang a pooch from dog jail . Welcome home , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Honored to have been invited by Southwestern's BSA to speak for Black History Month . The theme : African American Excellence in Media . My examples of Black media excellence : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , the Black Panther Newspaper , the Dodge Revolutionary Union Movement newsletter , and the DRIVE website ( featuring the words of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . Nobody said I had to talk about excellence in the mainstream media . 
Mubarak speech was pure excrement . There's furor in Tahrir . 
It's palace-storming time . 
While my < PROPFIRST > sleeps , I'm getting cozy with Aristotle . I'm jealous . 
Today it's enthymemes . Any favorites ? 
Grading is not my favorite . Next semester maybe I should do quizzes American Idol style . One by one , they sing their knowledge of Goffman , and one by one they get to move on to McLuhan ... or not . 
Procrastinating on prep . I blame Cicero . 
If they thought Cicero was exciting , wait til they get a load of Quintilian . This imperfect orator is in need of a nap . 
Quintilian would show Gaddafi his sandal . The Libyan people are going to show him the boot . As disgusting as the execrable speechifying of delusional dictators is , I am particularly horrified by the US watching out more for the price of Libyan oil than for the rights and safety of protesters . 
Today : Intros get a last quiet day before McLuhan and Adorno , and in Rhetorical Traditions Cicero passes the toga to Quintilian . Next week we get gospel hour , courtesy McLuhan and < PROPFIRST > . Spreading the word and the non-word . 
Grading . It's what's for dinner . 
Saturday : 2,000 in < PROPFIRST > to support Wisconsin . Sunday : More grading . Today : Let's see how the Intros like McLuhan as Rhet Traditions moves from Quintilian to < PROPFIRST > . Me , I'd rather be in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Newt Gingrich said to be exploring a presidential run . As a socialist in the US , I understand the need to stay and fight in the belly of the beast . But the thought of a Gingrich presidency makes me want to flee the country . 
A shocking bit of brownshirtery in Yorba < PROPFEMALE > , CA last month : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoKd8CCdsxU&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
The world is aflame with democratic uprisings and I'm grading papers . FML 
Missing the lovely < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > McCann's brilliant birthday bash because of a cold and a backlog of grading . Oh , the suck of it all ! 
Trying to remember why I thought it was a good idea to have my Intros read Adorno . 
Adorno : Epic fail in one section , great conversation in the other . I'm noticing that folks don't like having their agency questioned . Poor dears . 
< PROPFIRST > , I love you . Now please take your cold back . It's mean . 
More Adorno today , then a spring break filled with grading . 
Feel like hell . Canceled tomorrow's classes . They get an extra bit of break , I get the < PROPMALE > to recuperate . 
Today : Show and Tell media criticism , and Burke squares off with Weaver . 
Just got a little excited about teaching the Persona series ( Null through Fourth ) in a couple of weeks . First , the rhetorical situation calls . ( Or we call it , then it calls . Whatever . ) 
Dear Wednesday : We seem to have gotten off on the wrong hoof . What say we make nice for what remains of you , since you're so very long ? 
Fine , Wednesday . You win , you merciless tangle of energy-sucking hours . Thursday will show you up for the bastard of a day you are . Or were . That's right , Wednesday . You're goin out . Like a punk . 
Too . Much . To . Do . Paralyzed . 
Tomorrow : It's a Campbell-Bornstein-Campbell-Biesecker-Campbell kind of day , chronologically speaking . 
While I was tripping all over myself in front of the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Bornstein ( I has a crush ! ) , my sweet wife , having tripped over herself , lost the use of one wing . I'd feel guilty if a ) it were anyone other than < PROPFEMALE > Bornstein I was being stupid over , and b ) I hadn't sweat blood today explaining without snark post-structuralism and rhetoric to my very patient students . I earned my stupid today . And used it . 
UConn basketball : almost enough to stir some alumna spirit . ' Cept most of my memories of Storrs involve coming out , booze , and wheatpaste . 
Tomorrow : love , rhetoric , and pederasty in the morning , second persona in the afternoon . 
Just got text from SU police . Two men in a car , pointing a gun at students . Already arrested . I dearly hope no one was hurt . 
A timely piece by Deepa Kumar , and a Marxist take on political Islam : http://isreview.org/issues/76/feat-islam1.shtml 
Halfway up the tree , < PROPFIRST > remembered that he is in fact a dog . I didn't see him go up , but noticed a wagging tail from behind the trunk about five feet up . 
Snehal Shingavi just rocked my world . 
Grading : It's what's for dinner . 
Reading through student responses to the Campbell-Biesecker row . Must do better at keeping them from dismissing either out of hand . I'm no postie , but \hard to read\ " is not the same as \ " without merit . \ " Nor is clarity the same as simplicity . Nor did I succeed in moving them past the how of the debate to the what and why . Is there a support group for Rhetoricians Who Care Too Much ? " 
Nature Week chez nous : Megatons of oak pollen trucked in on dog fur . Dead squirrel in back bedroom . ( Gift from cat ? Gift from dog ? ) Seriously , our creatures are bringing the outdoors in . 
Today : finish with flirty Phaedrus , greet personae 2 and 3 . Or , Wandering in a Black toga , rapping about man-boy love , the cancer of communism , and face control at Club Rhetoric . 
Sorry , friends , for the fb hack . I did not tag you in any photo . I did , it seems , click a sneaky link . 
What's fun to do in Durham , NC ? 
Yes , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , it does feel like Monday . Today : How to commit a rhetorical act ; and the brilliant Dr. Cloud makes a guest appearance to discuss the null persona . Hey , < PROPMALE > , wanna come down Monday to talk about the fourth persona ? 
My students are amazing . My wife is amazing . Ideal Rhetorical Theory seminar today , and I'm still giddy and geeked out . 
Insomnia . Do not like . Going with red wine and melatonin as alternative to seeking zoo employee with elephant tranq to spare . 
Diurnal rhythm disruption : That means trouble , right here in River City , with a capital T , that rhymes with G , that stands for \G*dINeedSleepTonight . \"" 
Sleep arrived at 4 am , departed at 5 , returned at 8 , screwed the day . Nice job . 
It's catch-up time . 
