I am chillin ' and reading < PROPMALE > Potter 

I am having fun and enjoing life . 
I am conflicted between two guy friends . 
Aren't guys supposed 2 like u 4 who u r and not what they want u to become 
going mud bogging with some friends ( so much fun ) 
working with my market steer , dog , and cats 
going mud bogging with friends 
having fun playing basketball and volleyball with friends 
working with animals and riding my 4 wheeler 
ridding my 4 wheeler in the rain so much fun 
building fence and ridding my 4 wheeler 
studding for three tests tomorrow ( not fun ) 
loving spring break 
working on the farm , helping with the cattle 
going to a farm visit for stockmen's practice 
working on the farm 
eating at my aunts house for my grandparents anniversary 
getting ready to go back to school for 1 day and then on Friday the stockmen's contest 
ready for stockmen's awesome gonna have so much fun 
having fun playing with my pigs 
ready for the top 10 awards reception on Thursday 
saturday recess 
working on homework 
going to bed 
getting ready for bed ( goodnight ) 
dances aren't fun if u don't have a date 
how do u know if a guy likes u ? 
i got a new portable DVD Player and gave my old one to my sister 
I have to wear a dress tomorrow night to the Elks Banquet and I haven't been in a dress in oh about 5 years it is going to be unbearable wish me luck 
the Elks Banquet went great and I got a medal for < PROPMALE > Teenger of the Year 
TGIF = THANK GOODNESS IT'S FRIDAY 
School tomorrow 
got out of school early because of the rain and the water rising 
went to Freshmen orientation 
its Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no school tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
felt like a monday today 
Tomorrow is Friday !! Yes !!! 
Friday with rain not very fun and don't forget the lightning and thunder 
i don't like westtest week 
only one more day of west test but everyone said they fell asleep it's a wonder i haven't yet 
Monday felt so long but tomorrow I have shortened classes can't wait 
what is a summer vacation because all I have r camps and work 
waiting for the pool guy to come and fill my pool 
my pool got filled and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and I swam in it after our family reunion 
the swimming pool is so great 
i got my hair color changed and now i am a blonde 
i have to work at the Race Track from 3:30 p.m. till 1:00 a.m. it's gonna be a long day 
the pool was amazing today 
Me and _________ make a good couple . Who do u think ? 
Whats ur favorite song ? Let me know . 
Who is ready for the fair ? 
Who knows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . ... Favorite color . Bestfriend . Nickname . Copy this to your status & see who really knows you . 
Is everybody glad the fair is over ? 
12 days till school starts for freshman and 13 days for everyone else yea lol don't want to go back just yet 
Is everybody ready for school to start ? 
In Farmville , I need help building my horse stable and the nursery barn Please !!!! 
guess I am going 2 homecoming alone 
In Morgantown for the FFA contest and meeting a lot of new people 
Worlds and beyond I must say are where my dreams lie They go far beyond the visible sky And deep beneath the sea floor Even through the darkest hour I say , I see my future so bright Like the undeniable shine of the sun So loud it echoes those of my dreams Then I know I will get there now or later For the promise of the future is so near That I can almost feel it with the touch of my hand 
Canaan Valley was cold and so much fun and < PROPFEMALE > is now the pizza woman(if anyone wants to know details post back ) 
I am loving Thanksgiving Break : yahoo : 
Dance as though no one is watching , \ 
Love as though you have never been hurt , \ 
Sing as though no one can hear you , \ 
Live as though Heaven is on earth . 
school is back in session for a while and then Christmas break 
Tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!!!!! : yahoo : 
I wonder how much snow we are going to get ? 
I am so bored . 
School is tomorrow 
It's snowing !!!!! 
just got back from my FFA WLC trip to Cedar Lakes and it was a blast and i had so much fun and i met a lot of new friends 
FFA week 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just got two twin calves . They are so cute . 
school is tomorrow 
got done trimming hams for tonight can wait to do it all again tomorrow after school 
just got in from stockman's practice and feeding my calf Zues 
Trim Hams tomorrow after school 
I dislike Spanish !!!!!! 
Ham and Bacon sale tomorrow 
School Tomorrow 
tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
TGIF 
school is tomorrow and so is stockman's practice 
Stockman's Contest tomorrow !!!! I am so excited to go !!! :) 
