MIA Louvre exhibition + Sherlock Holmes = one great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ( with the exception of running out into the street , waving my arms like a maniac to stop a bus ) 

is still incredibly exhausted , but feeling good . Her excursion to the MIA to see the Pre-Raphaelite exhibit was successful . :) 
has a pastel ... painting ... cramp . * twitch , twitch * Wrist ache ! 
KNOWS that her new prescription anti-histamine gives her crazy , disjointed dreams .... 
wants to know if anyone is headed up to < PROPMALE>'s fireworks on Saturday . She had no car ; therefore , no way to see the pretty sparklies . 
got to see TWO fireworks displays from her window ! Not as great as being there , but still .... 
scared ( startled ) a construction worker with her ninja-like , silent steps .... 
thinks the lastest closed-captioning error is hilarious : Fallitinme be mice elf agin . 
was followed by a strange ( scary ? ) man on her walk to get groceries . She had her box cutter at the ready . 
is in utter disbelief at her negligence . She didn't check the resolution for THREE illustrations , and now they have to be redone ... all three , HIGH DETAILED , COMPLEX illustrations . 
fought an epic battle with a can of water chestnuts . 
met the most interesting cab driver she ever met ... respectful , knowledgeable , and a kick-ass History-major with 40 years experience . 
Chocorooms ... not only incredibly cute , but insanely good ! 
found a box of Booberry . Nostalgia WIN ! 
That was crazy . My speakers were turned off , but my subwoofer still broadcasted sound—a police radio , to be precise . Has ANYONE had this happen ? It scared the crap out of me last night . 
HATES . GEESE . 
already regrets the great complexity of her latest pumpkin pattern . Damn you , pumpkin , damn you . 
Can't believe she ate so many shrimp .... 
hates mold , hates fallen leaves , and hates allergies to both .... 
does not like the cone of shame .... 
has a hematoma on the bottom of her foot ... and it hurts to walk . 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! 
\Is that a BUG ?! \ " \ " It's a fock suzzy . \ " ( Read sock fuzzy ) ROFL ! " 
is happy she got her three orders of free photo cards from SeeHere ( read : 150 cards ) . Highly recommended . 
is getting crafty on some ornaments ! 
( Personal ) Holiday Alert : Making Chex Mix in the microwave can be hazardous to one's health .... I'm still clearing the smoke from the burning ball of Chex . 
Avatar + 3D + Imax = sheer , unadulterated awesome 
is making four kinds of truffles .... 
has many < PROPMALE > to go before she can sleep .... 
sleeeepyyyyy .... 
' s genealogy is interesting ... not that anyone else probably thinks it's interesting , but she does 
Happy New Year , everyone ! ( Even if it is a couple hours late in my time zone .... ) 
Screw you , Winter—you and your ice and snow and idiotic people who don't plow/blade/sand their sidewalks for pedestrians .... 
Burgundy < PROPFEMALE > with gold lace 
missed her bus , knew she didn't have the money to catch the next one , was struggling home in a -7° wind chill with around 30lbs of groceries , and was losing faith in humanity exponentially , when a very nice couple offered her a ride . ( I know you two probably won't read this , but you were angels today . Bless you ! ) 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy it dnose't mttaer in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rhigt pacle . Tihs is bcuseae the hmaun mnid deos not raed erevy lttere by istlef , but the wrod as a wolhe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
I danced with a monster sliding down a hill because I'm AWESOME ! 
saved $55.54 at the grocery store today . Saving more than she spent makes her very happy . :D 
hates digital painting ... no , wait , hates that she's a procrastinator .... Pbbbbt ! 
is stuffy-nosed , blurry-eyed , and still exhausted ... painting on a deadline is seeming to take everything out of her this week ... 
needs sleep and a visit to the doctor to rule out carpal tunnel syndrome .... 
has been up for 24 hrs straight ; pain in neck and wrists is forcing her to take a break from looming-deadline-painting ... and take a nap ! 
With the exception of a couple-hour nap yesterday , I've been up for 48 hrs . My eyes are blood-shot , and I think that I may be hallucinating , but the deadline was made . If anyone bothers me tonight or tomorrow ... well , you wouldn't wake a sleeping bear , would you ? : > 
PUPPY BOWL !!! :D 
Catch me at the Foot in the Door exhibit at the MIA starting February 19th . I'm entered as my birth name ( and the name I sign all my works with ) < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants to track down any assholes who create trojans and ensure that they are sodomized by demons in hell .... 
after chasing all the nasties from my computer , Spyware Doctor messed with Winsock ... causing me to tear my hair out for the past 18 hrs , trying to fix it without any Internet connection . Bleh . 
survived a white-knuckled cab ride .... 
thinks that her Symlin works wonders .... ( Well , in addition to her insulin pump . ) 
has a Powerball ticket with every number just one above the winning number . How's that for irony ? 
doesn't trust anyone who doesn't like animals , especially those who think that owning a dog takes too much money and leaves too large a carbon footprint . Don't even get me started . 
really , really did something horribly wrong to wreck her back ... on the left side , along the ribs ... spasms , when she breaths ... probably a muscle strain ... but very painful ... 
got a free portrait with Mom today , followed by free ice cream at Cold Stone ( web coupon + $5 gift card ) . Great day ! 
brought 2 products at Bath and Body Works , and got four free ! Hooray for coupons and sales .... 
finally got to see Macbeth at the Guthrie ... floor , 10 rows back , center , and for $70 cheaper than was the going rate . :D 
Happy Easter everybody ! I had a great meal with my grandpa at his nursing home ... albeit , I had to put up with my extended family . Then again , I was too busy watching the cute waiter with his gorgeous long , blond hair .... 
' s body hurts all over , her joints are stiff , and her feet fell like they have been abraded by steel wool . To top things off , now she has to take an antibiotic . :( 
I wouldn't traditionally ask this , but my mom is having back surgery on Monday morning . It's not < PROPMALE > surgery—a micro-discectomy—but she is at moderate risk of complications , because she has a genetic blood-clotting disorder . Please keep her in your prayers ; send good thoughts , energy , whatever . We'd both appreciate it . :) 
Mom's surgery was very successful , though she'll continue to have pain in her leg for 3-4 months . Both she and I are home now ( I stayed with her overnight ) , and extremely tired . I tried to update yesterday , but Abbott-Northwestern blocks Facebook . :P 
Got back from the hospital AGAIN yesterday . Mom really didn't feel well on Saturday morning , and started having pains in her chest . We called 911 . Blood work , CT scan , and EKGs later , it wasn't her heart or clots , but a hiatal hernia ( which she had never been told about ) . Also , they did an EGD ; found no ulcers , but concluded that her pain meds might have caused irritation . Three very LONG days ! Whew ! 
had insanely good stuffed mushrooms last night ! 
It's . Too . Damn . HOT !!! It should NOT be 95 degrees in Minneapolis in late May .... 
thinks Breyer's Dark Chocolate < PROPFEMALE > is a MUST for dark chocolate lovers out there .... 
is not a fan of CS5's new UI ... especially Photoshop . This will take some getting used to .... 
If I was charging for this video project for my grandpa , it would be somewhere in the ballpark of $2500-3000 . Lucky for him , he'll get a great series of videos in a decent-sized digital frame , all at no cost . I , however , am paying with severely reduced amounts of sleep .... 
has\ 
one of those rare , sinking feelings that no matter what she does , a \ 
deadline is looming over her . Also , she knows that she'll get very \ 
little sleep the next two days if she wants to get it done . 
do NOT try to bring a convection-toaster oven/rotisserie home on the bus . It is a very painful experience . ( I will admit , however , that it's a really , really nice oven purchased for 50% off between sales and coupons . ) 
really , really hates Symlin sometimes . Like today . Took it before doing my bolus , and now I feel sooo sick . Behave , stomach , for ' tis the 4th of July . \ 
\ 
Oh , Happy 4th to everyone , by the way . Have a safe one ... don't blow off anything vital . 
Alas , poor sound card , I knew thee well .... 
My new sound card works great , and I got to give my computer a long overdue dust < PROPFEMALE > cleaning . 
I never knew that my neighbor across the hall was even in the military ... until today , when three men in camos knocked on his door , and told him to get ready and meet them in ten minutes . Apparently , from the chatter of the military dudes , my neighbor has been AWOL numerous times . 
is unsure why she has such a fascination with glue dots . She has to obsessively pick them off packages and play with them .... 
is going crazy , and probably won't be heard of for a week or more . No , no asylums ... yet . Just a new apartment and two or three sleepless nights . What a great B-Day gift ... insanity . 
is at the Library . I won't have a Net connection until Saturday afternoon , but the move is going pretty well . Thanks to everyone who wished me well on my birthday ! :D I slept most of the day , because Wednesday was EXHAUSTING , but it was okay otherwise . I'll be going to see Avatar again this weekend , maybe , since I really didn't celebrate too much last week . 
is back online ! 
knows why the previous tenant of her apartment didn't live in the apartment much . The neighbors above her are f'ing annoying , blasting their music and playing what sounds like bowling .... oh , and their kid ! She wants to remove his vocal flaps . 
isn't happy with Rainbow today . She was cheated out of $3.10 in doubled coupons because of negligent cashiers , but still saved 66% ... so it was still a decent shop . :/ 
Is anyone willing to dress up as < PROPFIRST > for Halloween , come to my apartment at around 2AM , and start revving a chainsaw to scare the crap out of my upstairs neighbors ? It would be such sweet payback for the crap they're pulling .... 
sincerely , sincerely hopes that she didn't wreck that interview too badly . 
West-facing window + 56mph W wind gusts = reminder for weatherization 
braved the 36-degree weather and high winds to get groceries and won ... with three layers on , two layers of socks , and a winter coat . ( And was quite warm , really , until the bus was late . 2.3 < PROPMALE > walk and she gets cold waiting for the bus .... ) 
Why , oh , why did I decide to sculpt a pumpkin this year ? Not content to challenge myself to carve something complex , I had to undertake sculpting .... 
Happy Halloween ! 
For reasons unknown to me , my Vote button isn't showing up . Regardless , I voted . 
did not receive her Sunday paper two out of the past three weeks . She suspected a thief amongst her four-unit complex , and got up very early to make sure she got her paper this week . To her amusement , her delivery guy left two papers this week—one for her ( with a note to call him to see if he can resolve the stolen papers ) , and the other marked in permanent marker \For Thief\ " . LOL ! " 
The \For Thief\ " paper is still out there . Maybe \ " Thief\ " has got the message about stealing my newspaper .... " 
My neck and shoulders hurt like no tomorrow . I was carrying heavy groceries on my shoulders yesterday , and while last night was bad ... tonight is even worse ! Damn muscles . Now , where's my TENS unit ? 
Thanks to coupons and sales , I'm extremely happy that Mom and I will have a full Thanksgiving dinner for under $12 next week . ( Yup , our 13lb turkey is included in that price ! ) Now , to start planning for leftovers .... 
risked danger to life and limb to get down the front two steps and penguin-walk over black ice to get my newspaper this morning . At least I got my Strib before 10AM , but I will certainly leave some baked good for my delivery guy next week . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Twenty minutes ago , I was wondering whether I should call the police after my upstairs neighbors started screaming and stomping all over their apartment ( especially after a sincere cry for police ) . Now , I'm contemplating homicide , after semi-celebratory music has been blasting for the past fifteen minutes ... in the middle of the effing night . Good thing I don't have to get up for a job .... 
had a successful ( if not a < PROPMALE > painful ) shopping trip ... mainly because she found an awesome dress for $7 on the clearance racks . 
< PROPFEMALE > just came down the street on his firetruck . I resisted the childish urge to run out to meet him and ask for a < PROPFEMALE > cane . 
Judging by the number of people at Cub tonight , one would think that the zombie apocalypse was imminent , not a large snowstorm . 
Argh ! I don't even have half of my holiday baking done for Christmas gifts , and now I'm told that I don't even get two weeks . My extended family is celebrating the 18th . WTF ? 
It's a diabetic nightmare in my apartment right now , what with all the homemade < PROPFEMALE > and cookies and .... No , wait—it's a diabetic HEAVEN ! 
is crestfallen .... 
wants to cry . Not only does she have four more things to do before 11AM , but now six MPGs have been deleted by her burning software ... six files essential to completing her DVD set for Xmas gifts . And she's having a hell of a time trying to find what the above mentioned software might have done with them . 
has not yet been to bed , yet has to be ready to go at 11:30 . Family will not get half of the aforementioned DVD set , though hopes are still high on recovering the files . 
should not be working on graphic stuff this close to Christmas . However , freelancers need to pay bills , too . :P 
Dear City of Blaine : Clear your damn sidewalks and enforce your law about businesses removing snow from sidewalks . Pedestrians DON'T like having to climb mountains of snow to get to destinations . Those same pedestrians tend to get annoyed at your repeated lack of interest in their welfare , especially when uncleared snow gets into shoes and boots and pedestrians walk for the next four hours with soaking wet socks . 
We got a gallon of Jacobsen's apple cider for Christmas from our landlord . I'm so excited . I didn't get up to Pine Tree Apple Orchard this year—a break in a 22 year tradition—but we still got some of their delicious cider ! Now ... if I could only get my hands on some of Pine Tree's apple turnovers .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and/or Happy Holidays everyone ! 
I had a reasonably good day today , despite messing up bus times and nearly freezing my toes . I got to see the Thaw Collection at the MIA and then two movies . Pretty good day , really . 
For the love of God , client , give me a decent logo to work with ! Ugly aside , no ... GIFs are not printable . 
Damn you CW for rescheduling the broadcast of the new Supernatural tonight . This is NOT a very happy viewer ! 
I never realized how difficult turning cows into line drawings could be .... 
Puppy Bowl ! :D 
Awesome job , Watson ! 
Argh ! I hate designing for Tetra Pak ! 
Sometimes the only way to deal with an annoying upstairs neighbor blasting their music so loud you can hear it from the street is ... to fight fire with fire . I cranked up my subwoofer , and turned the volume all the way up on Celldweller for a few minutes . It worked . Wholly passive-aggressive , I know , but it worked . 
Kill it with fire ! 
