Had an great new years last night . This morning I woke up to an interesting phone call that now has me furious ! 

The shit has hit the fan . Could be making a last minute trip back home to Phoenix . I should have an idea tomorrow . 
The house is clean , I had my bath , now I just going to serf on the computer since < PROPMALE > is too busy playing video games . Ugh boys and their games ! LOL . 
Been on the phone mot of the morning . Things are going to be crazy for while . I so wish I was back home right now . 
Is happy to have finally got some sleep . Almost done unpacking , is planning to straighten up the garage this week so we can actually walk through there . 
Hates getting up early for work ! I am a night owl ! 
Is going to take < PROPFIRST > to the groomers , then hopefully take a nap . 
Is at work , wishing that she was at home enjoying the rain . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > McMahon , < PROPFEMALE > Fawecett and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . All were great people and will be missed greatly ! 
Wow .... Now < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
I got my hard copy proof that I got my masters degree in the mail yesterday . Now I can tell the Criminal Justice Department how I really feel about their program . They for one need to make improvements to their program , such as offering classes that are a 
Made today a relaxing day off by staying at home and watching a bunch of movies that have been recorded on the DVR . 
Where did the weekend go ? I need more movie days ! 
Is wanting to go home to take a nap . 
Was hoping to get the house cleaned today , but did not get to it . I guess I know what I am doing after work tomorrow . 
I am eager to take the test for a job I applied for . I have to get this job , my poor other half cannot keep on supporting me . 
Is wondering why anyone would want a < PROPFEMALE > birthday theme ? Oh wait ... only < PROPFEMALE > Simpson would . 
Is tired and not in the mood to put up with anyone's BS . 
Is teaching herself Sign Language . 
You know that your extremely tired when no matter how hard you try to focus , your eye sight remains blurry . It's like I need glasses ! 
Just watched Grindhouse . It was awsome ! Blood , gore , humor and all so screwed up ! 
Is waiting for her test result for one job to come back and waiting to here back for an interview on another job . 
Has a phone interview today with the TSA , plus has to set up a in person interview with Wells Fargo . Still waiting to her back from the UNR job . 
Finished my phone interview with TSA . I made the top 10 candidates , now lets see if I make the top 5 for an in person interview . 
I am waiting to hear back from the TSA job to see if I made the top 5 pick . Everyone cross your fingers ! I really need a job . 
Is already having one of those days . 
Yes !!!! I made the top 5 . I have an interview with TSA on Friday at 2pm !!! 
Wow !!!! We are actually getting heavy rain and thunder ! 
Count down to interview time ! 1 hour and 12 minutes to go ! 
Is not with today at all . 
I am so tired , I got confused to why the vet was calling me . I completely forgot the < PROPFEMALE > has an appointment tomorrow . 
Great I got a head cold . Since it's actually cool enough in the house today ( thank you cold front ) I might actually take a warm bath to help me feel better . 
Well I did not get the job with TSA :( . Maybe the interview with Safeway will come through . 
Well I did not get the par t-t ime job with Safeway either . On a brighter note the lady who interviewed me passed my application on to a recruiter for the Reno area . She believes that with my experience I be better working in the stores in a higher position . 
Is becoming a big headache to be applying for another Master program when school starts in less than 2 weeks . 
Is happy to have everything lined up to get the paper work in for Grad school ( again ) . 
Now I have to wait and see if I get accepted to the Justice Management program . :) Something tells me I am never going to leave school . Darn economy ! 
Where did the weekend go ? 
Start back to school in less than a week . I feel like I am chain to the school and I am never going to be free . :( 
Had a successful fire drill at work . 
knows that < PROPFEMALE > is all knowing and all powerful and worships the ground she walks on . 
Had to deal with way to many Freshman today . It is always so funny to see how some of them act , they think they own the place . What really gives them away is they way they dress , boy do they try to hard . 
The first day back to school and I am already off to a great start . Had to print off some old campus maps since the new ones do not make any sense . Looked up how to reset a class clicker for another student and teach 2 students how to read their class schedule to find their building and room . Also several students did not bother to print off their class schedule . AMAZING ! 
I am turning the big \3 0\ " on Saturday . A group of us is are going out Friday night to party . We are starting at Ceol then will probably wonder to other places in that area . Anyone else in the Reno area who wants to go let me know ! " 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! It was a great b-day ! 
It seems that my partner in crime is missing this morning . < PROPFIRST > Doo , where are you ?! So I am the only building supervisor on this morning . Plus I have top come back to work the closing shift to cover for another co-worker . What a great way to start the week . 
Got most of the house cleaned and baked some fresh peaches that I picked from my neighbors tree . Tomorrow ; work , finish cleaning the house and clean up the yard . Also if I have time work on some homework . 
Scary , it has been 2 years , as of today , since < PROPFIRST > (<PROPMALE>'s mom ) died . I miss her ! :( It still hits me pretty hard . 
I wish that I could just hide in bed today . 
Half way through season 2 of < PROPMALE > . Man that is one screwed up show ! But I love it ! 
This head cold is killing me ! All I am aloud to take is alieve or meds for people with highblood pressure . Unfirtunately neither one of them work on me . So sleep it is . Arg ! 
Still fighting this sinus infection , but doing a little better today . I just wish i could stay in bed instead of going to work and working on 3 homework assignments . 
Made a huge mistake taking over the kiosk desk when the cheerleaders and marching band are getting reading to perform at the presiden't tailgate party in the lobby of the library . Ouch my head ! 
It is 12:30 am .... I am still up and I have to get up by 6am . Stupid homework ! Stupid sinus infection ! 
Lets see I had only 5 hours of sleep , I just finished editing my paper that is due at 9am this morning . I am at work until noon , I need to finish another paper due at 5:30 pm for my night class , but the book I need for the paper has not arrived at the library yet . I also need to try to take my cat to the vets sometime in between the chaos . Yup it is going to be one of those days . Please shoot me now . 
My poor < PROPFIRST > is getting fixed today and getting his back dewclaw removed ! This will be a another fun week of keeping him and < PROPFEMALE > separated . \sigh\ " Hopefully he will calm down a little after this . " 
Well my poor < PROPFIRST > is home . The vet ended up making 4 incisions , the right nut was easy to get ( incision 1 ) , the left nut was tucked away and not where she thought it would be ( incision 2 ) , she finds it but at a horrible angel to cut ( incision 3 ) , gets in there the best she could to cut it out ( incision 4 ) , plus 2 back dewclaws were removed . He is really doped up right now . 
I am freezing ! The Lardlord needs to get out here to clean and check the heater . 
Has a sudden urge for Twinkies ...... Dang you Tallahassee !!!! I guess I am going to fail rule 1 . 
Looks like we are going to get some rain finally ! :) 
Going to work on some of my homework today , then clean the house while listening to some music . That should keep me busy today . :) 
Is not looking foward going to the doctors today . Hopefully it won't be as painful than last weeks visit and it will be done quickly . 
I survived the doctor appointment !! * barley * Now I just need to get through the midterm this evening then I can take the rest of the night off to chill . Maybe I will even go to bed early to catch up on some sleep . 
I really wish that she did not get rid of her power drill few years back . My neighbor came over and to drill two of my fence boards that came down in the side yard . After he left I found 6 more boards running along the back that were coming down as well . This is why screws are bettert than nails . 
Soooo needs a vacation . 
Today would be a good day to stay home , wrapped up in a warm blanket and watch movies while drinking hot cocoa . Well at least I have my hot cocoa to keep me warm today :) 
Happily listening to Dethklok . 
Found out that Daylight saving times ended the hardway . I was looking for somwthing to watch and saw the time change . I thought it was next week . Well an hour more sleep tonight ! :) 
Couinting down the days that are left for my online classes , 11 days to go . 
Only Univiersity of < PROPFEMALE > Reno is crazy enough to try to be open on a snow day . All the others schools here are closed for the day . Silly school ! 
UNR finally decided to close for the day !!!! YAY !!!! 
Watched the season finally of < PROPMALE > last night . All I can really say is OMG !!!! That actually F@* #k me up last night . I ended up having a glass of wine after that . 
I feeling under under the weather , right before the holidays . Yay :P 
So the ' balloon boy ' dad only got 90 days in jail with some work release days . The mother got only 20 days . Meanwhile the kid is sobbing and appologizing to everyone for the trouble his parents caused . The whole mess cost $47K . Yup , our justice system at its best ! O_o ..... Why did I get a Masters in this area ? 
So this morning I thought I was going completely insane . I kept hearing what sounded to be a door alarm going off in the library . I checked every floor and could not find where it was co < PROPFEMALE > g from . Even my two co-workers could not find it , we thought we were all loosing our < PROPFEMALE > ds . After 30 < PROPFEMALE > . I remembered about a computer that did not start up properly on the 4th floor that made a similar sound . Yup what a morning ;) 
Looks like I am putting in some extra hours today . Yay for extra money ! 
Trying to bake < PROPMALE>'s b-day cake . Hopefully it will come out right . Decorating is one thing , baking a cake and having it come out right is another . 
After watching the news about todays flight emergency , I decided that I am going to avoid flying . It's not going to worth the headache to go through all those security procedures that you know are not going to work . Stupid people ! 
I have to wonder about some of the questions that are asked when applying for jobs . 
Why do parents bring their hyper children to the library ? For the past hour I have been trying to work on a friends paper and I hear kids jumping up and down the stairs , singing loudly , and the occational screaming . I think I going to have call it quits for the day and finish this tomorrow . 
I am actually feeling somewhat human today ! :) 
Why do I keep letting myself get involved in evil schemes that I know will get me in trouble with my boss ? 
Is not really feeling it this year for new year < PROPFEMALE > . I think I am just going to curl up on the couch and watch movies after work tonight . 
Happy New Years !!!!! 
I am feeling a little better now that I have vented . Thanks to those who have been listening to my problems that last couple of days ! I don't know what I would of done without you guys . 
My new year is not off to a good start at all . On top of my family issues my grandma passed away yesterday . Seriously , I do not think I can take much more right now ! 
I am done giving people advice , suggestions and or even helping them with their problems if they are just going to disregard everything ! 
Cleaning chairs , listening to music , working extra hours and do it all with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for the rest of this week ( meaning we are getting into nothing but trouble ) . Definitely a good day/week ! 
If anyone needs to contact me today , you will have to message me through facebook . I am stuck down in the basement with no phone signal . Atg least I am still having fun and causing trouble ! 
Ahhhhh !!!! Please no more chairs !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is building a chair army ! 
Yup ..... I think I need to get drunk . 
Girl's night out got cancelled , bummer ! Oh well , hello hot bath ! :) 
Another day cleaning chairs ( hopefully the last ) . If anyone needs to get a hold of me once again , message me through FB . My cell does not work in in certain parts library very well . 
I was just informed that I am going to clean it and I am going to like it ! O_o wow !!!!! 
School starts in a week and I am bored . Hmmmmm what kind of mischief can I get into ? 
Just wants to be happy 
Just when one fight ends another bad fight begins . 
Just wanted an adult converstation to work things out . Now I have no choice but to stay at a friends house . 
Things are going a lot better today , which makes me happy ! 
Taking care of a few things before school st < PROPMALE > s this week . I can't wait to st < PROPMALE > my ceraminc and < PROPMALE > welding classes , I have missed the < PROPMALE > istic side of me ! I have put that p < PROPMALE > of me of the back burner for way too long , its time for it to come back out . :) 
Is really wanting to get some new tattoo's done . 
Failed misserably at working on any school work today . I took one look at them said \Oh hell no ! \ " At least I printed off the lectures . " 
It is wrong to be freezing cold in my own house , even while wearing a hoodie and sweatpants ! 
Only the second day of the semester and I already feel slightly overwhelmed . 
I was informed by my friend that I need to stop bringing my dildo to work . 
Lets see , got stuck cleaning out the dumpster are behind the library , found out < PROPFIRST > had a severe reaction to something to the point where he had open sores . Took 2 tests for 1 class , got 2 more to go , didn't have time to see a friend , and movie I wanted to see got really bad reviews . Hell with this day ! 
Is working on homework and making red < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes for game night tonight ! ;) 
Feels really weird having to work a late shift on a Sunday , but is glad not to have any more morning shifts for this semester . Yay !!!!! :) 
I am only a few hours into my shift and ready to fall alseep !!! I need to stay awake . 
Got my design picked out for the vessel I will be making in my ceramic class . I hope to turn out alright . I start making it on Wednesday . I can't wait ! Now if I can only catch up on ssssleep ..... Zzzzzzzz . I still have to work tonight UGH ! :) 
2 more hours ! Almost done for the night . Can she do it ? Zzzzzzzz ........ 
Just got a new tattoo in the side on my neck . I am not going to be able to sleep on my right side tonight . It is worth the pain ! 
Is feeling a little sassy today . : * 
Why does my boss keep punishing me !!!!! Just because he has a hard time growing beard and I made a wise crack about it , doesn't mean I should get a special list to do . LOL ! 
Only the second week of classes and I already messed up on some assignments ! LOL ! Screw this sh*t !! ;) 
Is trying really hard not to scratch the new tattoo . Ugh !!!! 
Is going sledding with some friends today . This ought to be interesting . LOL ! 
Had a fun day sledding , experienced a few wipe outs , play Wii fencing ( < PROPFEMALE > cheats ! ) , chatted with friends , and watched video clips from todays events ( which was hilarious ) . :) 
Schoolwork , buy supplies for my ceramic class , then off to work @ 6pm . Yup , its going to be a fun day ! Ugh ! ;) 
Finally finished my homework , now I can work on some sketches before rounds later tonight . Yay ! 
You know when you did not get enough sleep after looking in the mirrior and seeing how red your eyes are . Also there is the issue of constantly dropping things . I hate Monday's! 
Needs to find a place that rents out laser tag equipment so our department can attempt to play laser tag in the library after hours . To have 4 levels to play on and a huge open atrium , that would be awsome !!! 
Having a really hard time staying awake . Zzzzzzzzz .... :O 
I feared for my life when my boss came out of his office and in a girly voice said \It's < PROPFEMALE > Poo\ " . I guess it does not beat last week when he scared me so bad that I screamed and then fell to the floor laughing my ass off . My scream caught him off gaurd and preventedf him from spraying me with lysol . The evil man ! " 
You have brought nothing but anger and pain into my life andI have the scars to proove it . Then you have some nerve to try and walk back in life nothing as if you did nothing wrong . I don't think so , not his time ! You are done and out of my life for good ! As far as I concern you are dead to me step-father ! 
Why can't she just respectect my wishes and see that I no longer have to put up with this bullsh*t . I don't want him in my life , I never wanted him in my life , yet she keeps trying . I put him in pain ? What about the pain he caused me ? I don't deserve this garbage , I never did . She never look out for us girls well-being . So leave me to live my life . She made her bed , now lay in it . I am freeing myself from this drama . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the entry for your name under comments 
Is going out bar hopping with some friends tonight to celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day ! This ought to be interesting . Hey < PROPFEMALE > ! I challenge you to shots again !!!! 
Last night was an eventful outing . A night of drinking , ass smacking and boob grabbing ! 
Once again applying for jobs in different states . Hopefully I will get hired for something before the summer , its getting really irritating to still be attending school . UGH ! 
Success !!!! I got my new webcam to work ! Unfortunately how my laptop is set up I will still have to use my headset to talk to anyone on skype . 
Is up to no good once again ! ;) 
I have a paper due Monday morning . I am finding it very difficult to keep my self focused on getting the stupid thing done . I hate writting papers !!! UGH ! 
Really does not see the point to Valentines Day . It's a silly holiday to get people to spend money . :P 
Something tells me that this is going to be a long boring night at work . \Sigh\ " :( " 
You know your off to a great shift when you find out one of the crazy regulars is no longer allowed in the library for using various student net ID's ( note : he is a guest not a student ) to sign onto the computers . One less crazy to deal with . 
Nice weather today . It's nice to have the windows open to air out this stuffy house . :) 
Had a nice walk through < PROPFIRST>'s trail , start getting my butt in gear to loose some weight . LOL ! 
Worked out on the elliptical trainer for an hour . Holy shit did that kicked my ass ! 
My co-worker and I noticed that there was a large , crusty , white spot right next to one of the guest computers . O_o Ewww ! I do not want to know which of the crazy visitor did that . I feel so dirty ! 
The last few days we had spring like weather , now its snowing ! That is so not right ! 
Got a foot of snow over night and more snow throughout today . Yuck !!! I guess I know what I doing in a little bit . Now where is my dang shovel ! 
Not long into my shift , a student leaving the library through the main entrance slips from a patch of ice and falls on the stairs . He ended up breaking his right wrist . So one of my co-workers and I decided to rope off the stairs and re-direct students to use the side doors . I guess 2 students thought this caution rope did not apply to them . The idiots !!! 
There is someone driving a truck around Reno with a giant penis made out of snow in the in the back of the bed . O_o It was pretty awesome ! 
Have to head to school this evening to redo one of my vessel's handles and hopefully attach the second vessel handles without them breaking as well . This part of the project has proven to be very difficult , but I love a good challenge ! :) 
Crazy day ! Saw the doctor and put on some new medication ( sigh ) . Went to school to work on the handles , one broke into three pieces ( grrr ) , repaired that one . I got my geckos made for the other vessel , just got to let them dry a little . Tomorrow night I will attempt to attach them to the vessel ( fingers crossed ) . ;) 
I need to find a way to get the boss man to quit torturing me !!! Ugh ! Evil Man ! * Hits head in desk * 
One vessel done . The other had some problems , the geckos started to fall apart . I must get these done by tomorrow . Ugh ! Plus 2 exams to type up . There goes my weekend ! 
Feeling a little under the weather today . :( 
Really wants to curl up and go to sleep . Zzzzzz .... 
Just watched Moulin Rouge again . That movie always gets me teary eyed , but I love it ! 
Spent the day resting to get rid of this sinus infection once and for all . I feel so much better ! :) 
Is not looking forward to getting up early tomorrow to take < PROPMALE > to the airport . :P 
The house is straighten up , now for a nice warm soak in the tub ! :) YAY ! 
Watching Howl's Moving Castle , another one of my favorite movies ! :) 
Tired and still feel yucky from going out drinking with some friends last night . One of my co-workers called off , luckly another co-worker is coming in later . Plus I am still working on homework . Something tells me this is going to be a long night ! Tomorrow is going to be even longer . ( sigh ) :( 
I get to spend spring break at work . Unfortunately I really need the money . This sucks !!!! :( 
Has some < PROPMALE > soul searching to do . 
I really hate written exams ! Especially on topics that I do not care about . Blah !!! 
Had an interesting night . Somehow our group ended up talking about blue balls , double dongs , and one of my friends somehow became my bitch . O_o Wow ! And we were not even drinking ! 
Really wants to learn how to drive a motorcycle and go on a cross country road trip . 
I am stuck down in the @ one basement tonight for my shift ( got to love special events ) . If anyone needs me use FB , my cellphone is off due to no signal . Blah ! At least I am getting paid to basically do my homework . I like that deal ! 
I was reminded how old I am getting when I heard someone used dial up for their internet access . Last week one of my co-workers did not even know who Mr. T is . \Sigh \"" 
Had a lousy morning , but things got a little better throughout the day . I st < PROPMALE > my welding < PROPMALE > class this evening , maybe that will make up for the crappy morning . 
Is having another rough morning . UGH !! 
Many of the questions that are on these job applications are retarded ? Why does a job need to know what kind of grades I mainly got in high school and if I was ever on the honor roll ? Seriously ? 
Is going to be a busy morning . Have to clean the house , take a shower , run to the store , and wash the dogs before people start arriving at 4:00 . :) 
Interesting night , everyone was banging everyone else at the dinner table for revenge ! 
For once I am wide awake for my night shift , but I am exteremly bored . Too bad I cannot sneak over to the < PROPMALE > building to work on my project . 
Crap !!! I only have 1 day to finish the second project ! Shit !!!! I still have to finish the pillow , redo the rope , fix the hand cuffs and make the condom . At least the platform shoe turned out awesome . :) 
While < PROPMALE > is away , < PROPFEMALE > is going to play ! LOL !!! 
Had a long evening with one of my cats keeping himself well hidden at my friend's house . He was in a hole next to the dishwasher all day and finally came out after 10pm . Then he fought me when I was putting him in his crate to take him home . What a brat !!! All because I was hiding my casts from the landlord . 
Question for everyone . This is for a project : Of what you know me , what is one word that you would use to describe me ? 
Having a good day ! Now if the weather wasn't so bad , not fond of high winds . 
got the palm pre plus for my new phone ! I love it ! 
Anyone getting emails from me from my yahoo account , DO NOT open them . It looks like my account got hacked . 
Now it's crunch time to get my ceramic pojects paint for their final critque ! I also got the face repaired . Hopefully it wil still look good when it's all done . :) 
Man I should be outside enjoyingthe weather , not inside the library working . At least it seems to be a quiet day and there is a recital going on in the Rotunda . Nice , peaceful music . :) 
I so do not want to be here at work until 2:30 am . I am barely awake now and its only 7pm . Maybe I can find a quiet , dark place to curl up to sleep and hide from everyone else . Then there could be library zombies lurking about , I don't want to get caught by them . Then again I could have a night like last night , 2 drunk homless guys and a student drinking beer down on the first floor . It made an interesting night . ;) 
Someone did not do their job of resetting the count down timer that shut the computers from midnight to 2am for tonight . Had a lot of confused students . 
why me ? My newer laptop is having problems again ! 
Had a good night with some friends . Soon the chaos of moving begins ! < PROPMALE > will be moving to < PROPMALE > and I to either a another place in Reno with a friend or to < PROPMALE > if I am offered the TSA job there . Hopefully I will know the answer soon . I do not like having my living situation up in the air like this . 
I feel like I am being kept in the dark . 
I hate looking for an apartment ! Not to many cheap studios or one bedrooms that are monthly . 
Is going to have to make a tough decision soon . No matter which way I go I am taking a big risk . 
If there is a will , then there is a way . I will find that way . I just got to keep going . 
Trying to raise money so I can survive this summer . This sucks !!!! 
To much stress , irrattion , and sadness . I hate moving and seperation . Its hard . :( 
How does one forgive those who have brought so much pain and\ 
anger in one’s life ? Forgiveness from those who have cause so much emotional\ 
damage and heart ache ? How does one find the will to move on to a better and\ 
brighter life when there is still so many obstacles in ones way ? \ 
The darkness is still all around , the demons still got a hold me . I keep\ 
fighting my way towards the light to reach a more peaceful place . 
Today was not a good day . Too much stress , trying to get last minute things together and packing ( that alone is sad and hard ) . The situation is really hitting me now . 
Wow , I understand someone being upset about their bike being stolen , but to blame homeless people for you missing bike without proof , wanting to beat all of them up with a pipe just for being on campus , and cannot understand why they are even aloud on campus someone has some serious issues . This was coming from a male patron who sat on the computer next to me informing this . I was like yeah , you just stay away from me 
Is think about making and selling color clip in hair extensions ( like what I have in my hair ) to make some extra cash . I have to see what colors I can get my hands on . Anyone interested in some ? 
So much for sleeping in tomorrow , the landlord is coming over in the morning . I just can't get a break ! :( 
The darkness for once was calm , the demon is asleep , but for only a short time . The light feels warm and peaceful , it was a calm day . This is my < PROPMALE > to take a short rest , to prepare myself for what lies ahead . Must stay alert though , for the battle is no where near over . It has just only begun . 
< PROPFEMALE > much to do and not enough time before I fly to < PROPMALE > tomorrow with < PROPMALE > to help him find a place to live . This is going to be a very long day . 
Heading to < PROPMALE > in a couple hours ....... yay ? lol 
Is in < PROPMALE > and man it's humid ! If I get a job here it will take time to get use to that again . 
Has a last minute assessment test tomorrow for TSO/TSA in < PROPMALE > at 9:30 am . Plus I have to find a way to cover up my tattoo on my neck with make up . UGH !!! 
In < PROPMALE > until Sunday , today I get to help < PROPMALE > get his things together to put in an application on three properties through one Realtor . He should have no problem getting one of his first two picks . Tuesday I get to start moving in my apartment . I hoping by the end of summer I will be picked to work for the TSO position in < PROPMALE > , if not I guess I am stuck in Reno until December . 
Went through the garage today to seperate what is items are going where . Going through my things , seeing things that represent my past , I look back and feel like I have not accomplished anything in my life . I feel so empty and unsure to who I really am . 
Got the keys to my apartment today . I am going to have to air out the freezer though , it was stinky ! Overall I think I will like it there for the short time that I will be there . Sunday I move all my stuff in ! 
I have been preoccupied during the past week and will continue to be so for the next few weeks . The demon is still lurking in the shadows for its < PROPMALE > to make its move . I feel it sitting there , watching , waiting . What it does not know is that I am keeping one eye on it at all times . Keeping my guard up to prevent it from pulling back into the darkness once again . 
I got most of my things into my storage unit and apartment today . Still have to go through my closet and the kitchen . Need to get a few things for my place ( like a microwave ) . Then its < PROPMALE>'s turn to have his stuff moved . 
How can one bear doll that sings immediately stop a person from what they are doing and bring back so much painful memories ? 
< PROPMALE>'s things have been picked my the movers . Monday we leave to take him to < PROPMALE > . For now it's time to get some food then off to work . 
NO rest for this girl ! :( Got to keep on moving until everything is done . 
Tomorrow we start heading to < PROPMALE > to take < PROPMALE > to his new home . This is going to be a long trip since I get to drive back to Reno alone . 
Is not amused with the < PROPMALE>'s movers , now they are not going to be here until Sunday supposively . That might mess somethings up causing me to delay things a little bit . :( plus I accidentally glued my big toe to the wood floor with nail glue . < PROPMALE > got some entertainment out of that . 
not having a good day . My car is messed up and I can't get to my friend who I came to see . 
Sitting outside the motel , taking time to think about somethings . Nice breeze , quit , and a pretty < PROPFEMALE > . 
Been having breakdowns again since Friday evening . Sorry to those I have seem moody and a little off around . I wasn't myself : ( I hate depression ! I am sorry < PROPMALE > and RUC . 
Taking care of a few things in < PROPMALE > before heading my way back to Reno tomorrow . I will be happy to be home , but not thrilled to be back in Reno . As < PROPFIRST > and Bean puts it the place \Were dreams go to die . \ " Which is so true ! " 
Made it back home to Reno , but still have a lot of things to take care of . 
Has to really wonder about the people living in my apartment complex . I guess teeth , grooming , brains , and sanity are optional . Yeah ....... : / 
Once again , my landlord of the place I am still getting my things out of has cost me a day of sleeping in and wasted my time . He is truly a strange guy . At least I have more time to sell the Boflex before I have to break it down and try to store it . 
Is spending the day home sick . Great excuse to watch shows I have missed 
Enjoyed the night by listening to music while resting on the couch . Music can be so therapeutic , which it is why it is so important to me . :) 
My thought : 
You know something is wrong when a credit card company tells you they cannot not put you in a program for those who are having a hard time paying their bills because you do not make enough . What ???? Isn't that what the programs should be for ? For those who are not making enough to pay their bills ??? WTF ??? 
If you want change , you have to make it happen . Sitting and wishing for it is not going to cut it . 
Too many dishonest , fake , selfish people around . Get the hell away from me ! I don't need you shit ! If you can't be honest with me , then don't bother me . I don't like liars , users , and people who only pretend to be friends with me . If your one of those people remove yourself from me now . I am changing the energy that is around me to a positive one . No more negative shit ! 
Love having friends who can put a smile on my face ! :) 
I keep getting rejected for jobs either because I am over qualified or have no\ 
experience in my field . Screw this nonscence ! Why am I trying to enter\ 
a work world that I in no way belong in ? I am and < PROPMALE > ist ! I am need to find a way to weld < PROPMALE > and sell my\ 
work ! Now I need oxygen and acediline tanks , welding torch and tips , \ 
tank gauge and hoses , and someplace to work out of ! Shit I need money for that ! UGH ! 
I will no longer keep silent , let others bring me down , bring me harm , nor cause me so much pain again . I am who I am . My past , my pain , my sorrow has made me the woman I am today . I am a smart , strong , beautiful , caring woman . I am a fighter . If you can't handle me , then you don't deserve to know me . As for my demons ....... if I were them ...... I would run ! 
You know it’s going to be a great week when you start off\ 
your Monday coming into work to find one of the glass panels above the main entrance\ 
door is shattered and a dead bird nearby . 
I think too many people woke up on the wrong side of the bed today . 
Going to have to sell some things on ebay and craigs list so I can pay rent this month . \sigh\ " At least it give me a reason to get rid of some things . ;) " 
Did not get much sleep last night at all , but I am trying to be a better person by being there if someone needs to vent . Well ..... as long as I can still get some sleep at least ;) 
Is not feeling so good today . I really need to go home and rest . 
WTF was I thinking when I joined a dating site ! Damn Horny men ! Just because I had a pic up with my shoulders showing does not mean I want a booty call ! Plus I know I can do way better than most of these guys here is this crazy place . 
I feel even worse today . My throat hurts like hell , pain shooting to my ears , and bad headache . Because I am still on high blood pressure meds all I can do is treat each symptom according to the doctor ( which what I can take is barely reducing the pain ) . I hate calling off from work sick ! I am just in too much pain . :( 
This morning I woke up with my eyes stuck shut . Got them open and they were both red . Man what next ?!! Plus my throat and ears still hurt like hell . Looks like I might have to go back to the doctors . :( 
Hmmmm ...... I think I am starting to like the single life a little too much ! I am such a bad girl ! Lol ;) 
Watched the movie \Gamer\ " the other day . Who the hell eats Advocado and peanutbutter sandwhich ???? " 
Trying to make changes to the next tat design that I have working on . I am now thinking about working on a sleeve during over the period of the next few years . A story about my past , my pain , my battle , and eventually my victory of conquering my demons and my depression , which is still a long road ahead . 
It must be tattoo season , too many people I know all of a suddent want new ink including me . Maybe we should just make a field trip ! lol . I found some new pics to go off of so I am redesigning my next tattoo , but with the same theme . I think it will be awesome once I get it all worked out . I just got too many ideas lol . 
Got the pics that I want to go off of for thr next tat , have a couple ideas how to lay them out , but I can't get the drawings right . Looks like I am going to have to get creative . 
Yup .... its going to be one of those days ....... sigh 
Just glad to be home . Time to finish the laundry and watch some movies . And maybe some school work . ;) 
And this week keeps getting worse . I put a nice hole in my front passenger tire . Try to change it myself , but someone had the bright idea of putting a < PROPFIRST > in the Jeep that would not allow me to raise it high enough to put the spare on . WFT ? Thank god for road side assistance . 
People need to quit sticking stupid songs in my head ! :P lol 
Was doing better after having some drinks . Then a friend who lives in my complex after helping him out all afternoon had the nerve to call me to see how fast I could run to the mall before it closed to take a game back for him since it was not working . Didn't ask if I please could , just how fast I can get there . I was like , dude its 9:30 and I am tired . He actually got pissy because I said no ! WTF ???? 
Having a lazy morning . 
Is in deep thought again .... 
Why me ??? 
Having trouble getting out of this funk . At lesst I know I not the only having a lousy end to this summer . :( 
First day of Fall semester ........ this sucks ! Plus I am way toooo chipper for a Monday morning ! Who spiked my drink this morning ?! 
A guy was in the library wearing a bathrobe . Thank god he has clothes on underneath ! 
Why are men so damn confusing and why do some of them make a decision that is obvious to everyone else that it is not a good choice ? UGH ! I should just stay away from the dating scene . 
I am reading articles looking at juveniles and trauma , how they maybe a link to criminal behavior . As I am reading these articles I am learning and understanding where much of behavior came from . I am just glad that I have taken all the bad things that had happened to me and turn them into learning experience to help others instead of becoming a criminal . 
Finally ! Cooler weather and rain ! My kind of day , :) 
Please take you childish games and go elsewhere . I way too old for that non sense . Can I get a Amen !? 
Would it be horribly bad of me to poor a bucket of water from my balcony floor ( wood balcony ) onto the lady who lives below me , talking loud as can be on her balcony ? 
Another year gone , another year older ! Woo hoo Hello 31 ! Thank god I look younger than I am ! :P 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes !!!! Luv ya all !!!! 
Crack up when a homeless guy tried everything he could to keep me from knowing he was looking at porn on the guest computer . No I didn't see all the p*ssy shots . I guess it was better than the guy who was looking at the super jumbo tits . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sunrise , blood shot eyes !! lol 
Needs a nap ! Plus got to work on homework ...... sigh . lol I hate college life ! 
Feels bad for hurting someone who is dear to me . 
I keep forgetting that I am not as young as I once was . Can't drink and goof off like I use to . lol 
Stupid sinus headache ! 
Had a blast last night with my friends and my boyfriend at game night . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and I always get so goofy ! lol 
Where did my weekend go ???? * sigh * 
I need a man wh is willing to cook for me while only wearing an apron ! I got one possible taker . Any other takers ? lol 
Really bad start this morning . As soon as I am off I am going home and hiding for the rest of the day ! 
My stupid cough from my sinus infection just won't go away ! Grrrrrrr ! 
One of my cats put two holes in my airmatress . They are going to pay for that ! Here kitties kitties kitties . You guys are getting your claws trimmed tonight . 
Woo hoo ! Get to help my boyfriend move into his apartment in 90 degree weather . Oh joy ? lol 
One of < PROPFIRST > co-wokers told him that she thought I was odd . This coming from a woman ( his co worker ) who is mentaly not there . I will take that as a complement . lol I like being different ! :P 
It's cold and rainy out still .... All I want is my bed , my nice warm blanket , and cuddle with < PROPFIRST > . 
You know your going to have one of those days when most the people around you are being grumpy . 
If you want to not deal with a shit load of responces on your post and have it turn into a dirty thing ...... DON'T post anything about a Turkey Testicle Festivel ! LOL Don't ask . 
So nice out ! I love seeing the leaves change color and fall . Now if my cats would quit playing soccer on my patio with the fallen leaves . lol 
A student just walked into the library wearing a actual dog collar with a dog tag and a dog tail . O_o I think he is confused . 
OK men , question/statement of the day . Men Read the following below : 
Is emotionally and physically drained , but is in much better spirits . Knowing the darkness in my life is near its end , that everything I went through I will not go through again snd was for good reasons , and that things are going to turn abrougn soon is a good feeling ! :) 
Those who take the time to really know me , understand me , and love me for who I am are the ones who are deserving of my love in return . It's time to remove those who bring harm and surround myself with those who are true . 
How does one move on from a broken heart ? Part of me wants to let go completely while the other half saids don't give up . My soul is torn . 
Had a fun time at the Underground seeing Beauty Antiques . Tomorrow night Zombie Beer Crawl downtown . :) 
Seems to still be having good and bad days ..... I feel pathetic . :/ 
Just want to go home , curl up on the couch and watch a movie on this cold cloudy day . :) 
Can't sleep . My friend who is drunk passed out on my couch and is snoring loud enough where I heard him in my room . UGH ! 
Even though we maybe hundreds of < PROPMALE > apart , remember we are looking at the same night sky . 
< PROPFIRST > Frost needs to go away ! I don't want to come out and play . :P 
Is already wishing the holidays were over . I am ready for a better and happier year . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I am thankful for my friends and Family . 
The ladies who set up for the President tailgate event in the library are all retarded ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Nielsen :( 
Woo hoo ! I am in the RN&R paper for what I was thankful for this Thanksgiving . lol 
Almost done with this stupid semester ! lol 
Heading out of town in about a week . Woo hoo ! 
Yup ..... I think I am going to loose my mind . Oh wait ! too late ! :P 
Of course ..... it just has to snow today when I have to be at work this morning . Grrr ! lol 
You can only help those who truly want it . 
Flying to < PROPMALE > tomorrow then driving to Phoenix on Thursday . 
In Phoenix ! 
Made it back to < PROPMALE > . Be back in Reno in a few days . I think I need a vacation from my vacation . lol 
Made it back to Reno , but Southwest seem to have lost my luggage . WTF ?! 
I can't sleep ! ugh 
Slept most of the afternoon and I am still tired . Stupid antibiotics and infection . Grrrrr . 
Can't sleep again ..... sigh 
Getting my new bed today . Yay !!!! 
So according to the new zodiac dates I am a < PROPFIRST > not a Virgo ...... After reading both < PROPFIRST > and Virgo , I am actually a combination of the two . So there ! lol 
Alright ....... So my cell phone had an accident and most of my < PROPFIRST > were lost . So if you want your number in my cell please send me a message with your number . 
Had an epic fail on my bust tonight ..... had it put together , went to place it in my cubical and the head rolled off ....... sigh . At least I have in placed back on and letting it set for a day before working on it again . 
Will someone please find someway to wake my sorry a$$ up ! I feel like a zombie today . 
ristina Ross\ 
My down stairs neighbor is extremely annoying . She needs to learn how to quit talking so damn much ! jeesh . 
I got noodle knockers ! 
Why must my neighbors slam there doors so hard that it shakes my apartment ??? Really ?! 
A girl walks into the library building just shortly after we opened .... mind you when the library is closed the ALL the outside doors are locked ........ \What time does the library open I need to print stuff off ? \ " O_o really ????? you did not just ask me that question . " 
My next ceramic project is going to be another challenging one ! Why do I do these things to myself ? lol 
Stupid sinus infection ........ :( 
I am ready to go home and relax ! 
Ok .... quit asking for my advice if your not going to listen to a word I say . Obviously you like the drama in your life . :P 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > am let me see . Your are working on the computer of the < PROPFEMALE > in floor of the library where people are allowed to talk . Your upset because a girl sitting nearby is talking to loud on her cell and want me to ask her to quiet down or talk elsewhere . Yeah how about you move your sorry ass to the quiet floor dumb ass ! 
I feel like sh*t again . :( 
People seriously need to take responsibility of their own actions and quit blaming it on others . Eventually it will turn around and bite you in the a$$ ...... in other words ... you are messing with the wrong person ! 
Slept all afternoon and still not doing well ..... I guess its time to take me out and shoot me . lol 
Why am I sooo dang tired ???? UGH ! 
