cleaning house ..... yayyyy !!!!! 

got allot done 2day .... I feel accomplished for the day ... had a pretty good day .. all by myself .. well for the most part .. it was nice to see < PROPFEMALE > . 
bored .... going to watch a movie . 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
is feeling blaaaahhhhh ...... 
Insanity is repeating the same thing over and over and expecting different results . 
Grab the book nearest you . Right now . * Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . * Find the fifth sentence . * Post that sentence AS YOUR STATUS . AND POST these instructions in a comment to this status . * Don't dig for your favorite book , the coolest , the most intellectual . Use t 
going to a meeting tonight ...... 
chillin ' at home with my son ... 
tired should be going to bed , but I always have such a hard time sleeping . 
more cleaning today .. ugggghhhh ... 
Taking my son to Albany , to dr. ' s 
car broke down yesterday ... this sux ... 
Took my son to Albany 2day , results weren't good , but we'll get it fixed with an overnight procedure , again ........ 
Home , My son has a friend over for thee night and my car is still not fixed , like it is supposed to be , grrrrrrr ... 
worried ... I won't have my car fixed by the 4th when < PROPMALE>'s procedure is scheduled .. annoyed bc I don't feel like cooking 2night ... I want pizza ... but < PROPFIRST > is at work with $$$ and I can't get down to margaretville to get some .... this suxxxxx .... 
The husband is fixing the car 2day , yayyyyy . 
hubby is fixing the car , happy bout that but otherwise bored outta my mind and this rainy crappy weather doesn't help . 
bad news for me , the car can't get fixed till tuesday or wednesday , which is to late ..... gonna have to seek outside assistance in getting my son to Albany on tuesday ... this suxxxx . 
Tottaly screwed , feeling horrible , feeling like an incompetent mother . don't have any idea how I am getting < PROPMALE > to Albany on tuesday , and I don't want to postpone it and risk worse problems . 
Tryin ' to keep my mind off things ... for tonight ... 
feeling better 2day , wors case senario we rent a car to take my son to Albany on tuesday , I am not gonna worry bout it anymore . 
Aggravated ..... sometimes things just don't work out like you plan , it suxxxxxxx . 
bored .. the quizzes are addicting for a bored person . 
hopefully my car will be fixed today , crossing my fingers ... 
My car is fixed !!!! woo hoooo !!! 
tired wish it was bedtime already , gotta get up at the crackass of < PROPFEMALE > 2marrow .. uggghhh 
Albany Med 2marrow , gotta be outta here by 5:30 A.M. uggghhhhh .... hope I can actually get to sleep 2night .. I have such a hard time sleeping . 
blah finally home from albany med hopefully this is the last time having to go there for thee night , tired as hell .... 
tired and low on < PROPFEMALE > today ..... 
Going camping tonight ... 
another day ... yayy .. 
had horrible stomach pain yesterday , still not feeling so good . 
Hmmmm what to do today , got enjoy summer is about over and the hubby doesn't have to work .... 
are car sucks ass !!! 
Home chillin ' with my husband , maybe watch some movies .... IDK 
Life is not like a box of chocolates , it's like a jar of jalapenos , what you do today might burn your ass tomarrow . 
I love my husband more than anything , mmmmuuuaaaahhhh , oxoxoxoxoxoxox 
Relaxin ............ 
cleaning ... yayyyyy 
laundry .. I hate it ...... 
school shopping ... tottaly last minute .... oh well 
So much to do and no energy to do it ........ 
Having a boring day ...... 
packing some more of our stuff .... 
Moving shit today ..... hopefully , now that the car is fixed .... 
More moving stuff 2day , I'm exuasted just thinking about it .. but at least guys are gonna move the biggest things ..... but still .... ugggghhhhhh 
annoyed ..... 
gonna move the rest of our things 2day to the new apt . 
Not gonna have internet for awhile so don't worry , I didn't die . LOL 
got the internet back yayyyyyyy 
Sick , and in the process of moving ugggghhhhh .... 
still sick and still moving ....... 
PLAY ALONG :: You see me in a police car .. what would you think i got arrested for ?? answer me .. then copy into ur own . see how many crimes u get accused of . 
Sick of being sick .... uugghhhh . 
In albany with < PROPMALE > for 5 days ... staying at the < PROPFIRST > mcdonald < PROPFEMALE > house ..... this place is really nice , I am impressed ....... 
To all you mommies out there ... join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ? ? < PROPMALE > 8 lbs . 12 oz . & < PROPFEMALE > 7 lbs . 13 oz . 
< PROPMALE > hasn't been able to have his 2nd surgery yet sooooo we are stuck here for another few days . 
The hospital went ahead and did the surgery yesterday , < PROPMALE > is doing well tho he is very sore , which is to be expected . hopefully we can leave 2marrow as long as he cooperates and gets up and moves around a lil bit . 
we are home and < PROPMALE > is well . 
OMG .... I have my hands full trying to clean up the new apt . and put everything in it's place , it's like a tornado hit in here ....... 
If you are a parent with the greatest kid or kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need !! I don't know what i would do without mine !! I love my kids !! 
thinks she is going to have an OCD meeting at her house ... Not because she is OCD , but because she wants people there who are eager to clean . 
is drained ! I wonder , if I eat Duracell Batteries will I keep going and going like that crazy little pink rabbit ? 
Have you ever noticed the Krusty Krab is in Bikini Bottom . that can't be a coincidence , can it ? 
Decaffeinated coffee is useless brown water . 
Never look at how far you have to go , instead , see how far you have already come . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status . 
My motivation left sometime during the night . Please keep a look out for it , as it maybe cleverly disguised as house work to throw me off it's trail . 
I swear if my head wasn't attached i would forget it ...... 
Is going to a land where everything is prefect and where nothing ever goes wrong ! Yup That's Right I'm Off To Dreaming land ! x Night Night all <3 
Too much 2 do ..... I guess I better get busy ... 
is only $ 999,999 short of being a millionaire ! 
wants to win the Nobel Peace Prize for doing nothing extraordinary at all . If Obama can do it so can I ! 
I hate moving bc it takes forever to unpack and put everything in it's place . 
need a vacation , a real vacation . 
says I love my kids too much to sell them but I am seriously considering renting them out ! msg me .. Discounts if you take more than 1 
1 child makes you a parent , 2 makes you a referee , more makes you crazy 
Not yet sure if my cup is half full today or if someone peed in it ... 
you know those birds that migrate before winter and go to warmer climates ? As of now I declare these animals the most intelligent species on earth . 
It is way tooooooo cold ........... 
Gonna watcha movie , then prolly bed ......... my life is soooo exciting ........ 
thinks even in darkness , light shines through when light shines through , there is hope when there is hope , i know i can go on ~ 
' s bed is calling , must obey , do not give in to evil Facebook , need sleep . 
is really tired and thinks she might have that Chinese disease ... Its called Dragon Ass . 
I try to take it one day at a time , but sometimes several days gang up and attack me all at once !! 
Off to Albany again for another follow up appt . for My son . 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... Copy and paste yours .. Don't You Want Me - The Human League 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . this is what it said about me ..... Look below 
I feel like a sloth on Valium . 
Baking a birthday cake for my son's 9th b-day . 
Kinda awake and gettin ' the kiddies ready for school .... 
If a turtle loses its shell , is it naked ? If you choke a smurf , what color will it turn ? Can you daydream at night ? What is another word for \thesaurus \"?" 
I hate the new layout for facebook , it sux !!!! 
I asked Jesus how much do you love me ? Jesus replied this much and stretched his arms on the cross and died . If you believe in God put this in your status 97% of you won't put this in your status . What Jesus did on the cross was because he was thinking of you . 3% of you will stand up for him and put this in your status 
has a case of anal glaucoma . I just don't see my ass doing anything today 
Hey Mr Grump Gills , You know what you gotta do when life gets you down ? Just keep swimming Just keep swimming 
Thinks its annoying that people who snore always fall asleep first ... but I'm gonna get there first tonite !! Muwahahahahaha ! \ " , 201 0-0 2-08 01:07:41 " 
can't sleep ... again ....... 
insomnia , I hate it . 
blahhhhhhhhh , that's about what I feel today .... 
Shower , Then Bed ......... tired .... 
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry , and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever - Mahatma Gandhi 
Almost , Everything good in life is either illegal , immoral or calorie-rich . 
is bored and in other news , water is wet , ice is cold , and Tiger Woods has slept with a lot of women . 
has just graduated with a degree in applied time wasting 
really annoyed ..... irritated ..... pissed off quite frankly . 
Valentines Day ........ Whoop de doo ....... one of the stupidist marketing schemes of all time . 
what a shitty day !!!! 
Chillin ' like a villain ...... 
it's always one thing or another , now it's my PC , need to get another one ... uugghhh 
is crappy .. 
not happy with life right now ...... but I'll get on with it anyway . 
warns you that reading this status may result in unnecessary loss of seconds of life . Please see the next status for further affirmation of this side effect . 
smile u make & hi say 2 wanted just I that out find u < PROPFEMALE > irritating very it find may u ..... CONFUSED ?? Now read it backwards .. 
holy snowballs !!!!! 
Snow on da ' ground , snow on da ' ground , Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground , look at ya now - car spinnin ' around 
I can't wait till spring ... I am so over the snow and cold .... seriously thinking bout moving south . 
Sure , I'd love to join you in strapping two planks to my feet and hurling my clumsy ass down an icy mountain unprotected at top speeds . I see this ending well . 
I've yet to see the bald guy on Mr. Clean products come alive and help me with the chores . Maybe i should breathe the fumes more deeply ? 
cleaning , cleaning and more cleaning uuugggghhhh . 
tired ..... want to got to bed already . 
I just wanna sleep all day ....... I wish . 
If you don't learn from the past history has a tendency to repeat itself . 
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be Fun 
Good nite facebookers . Till we facebook again !!! 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . Ready , Set , GO !!!! 
Facebook - the procrastination destination ! 
Two old ladies are sitting in church and one turns to the other and says \I just farted glad know one heard me\ " The other Says \ " Turn up your hearing aid \"" 
Cleaned house all day ... my back hurts sooooooo bad : ( 
Tired ...... want to go to beddd <3 
May your blessings out number the shamrocks that grow . 
- Money can't buy happiness . However , I would like an opportunity to prove this theory wrong . 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
money does talk ... its always sayin goodbye 2 me 
tired and have a headache ... uuugggghhh 
going for a walk with a friend , then going to A babyshower later .... 
Time for bed , goodnight facebookers . 
is caffeinating . 
Pounding headache , not feeling so good right now ...... 
adding \ness\ " at the end of a word can sometimes improve it . Not the case with the word Pea though . " 
Is going to watch a movie and then listen to my pillow . 
being mental is my survival mechanism ! 
2007 year of the cow ... Mad Cow disease , 2008 year of the bird ... Avian flu , 2009 year of the pig ... Swine flu , 2010 year of the cock ... anyone else worried ? 
love thee weather ..... 
It's a \BEAUTIFUL DAY in the NEIGHBOR-HOOD\ " : } " 
Wish I was < PROPMALE > enough to hire a maid ...... wouldn't that be great :) 
:) <3 
It's been a good day :) <3 
okay , well the day didn't turn out so good , turns out our apt . building got foreclosed , sooo the bank now owns it and we need to find a place to live ..... we just moved here January now it's back to looking for apt . /house's . If it's not one thing it's another , I feel like I just can't win . uuuggghhh ... 
If you have a HUSBAND that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your anniversary date .. 10/6/2004 
Was sick for a couple days , thank god I'm felling a lil better . 
boreddddd ........ 
I think we found a house ... 
You can pick your friends , you can pick your nose , but you can't pick your friends ' nose . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one . 
Going to my Mom's for the night ...... 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you or someone you know has or has had depression . Most people won't , but its mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . 
i have so much shit in my life because God knows i can handle it and even though at times i don't want to i still do because i have to :) 
so much stuff to do and no ambition to do it ....... 
(: ¿ ?? po ? ? uo ????? s ? ? o ? ¡¡¡s ??? ooq ???? oll ?? 
Surgery 2 marrow for me ......... 
SORE ........ 
True friends can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking and never question their friendship .... and then pick up\ 
like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has\ 
been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one person\ 
in your life like this . 
Go to your profile < PROPFEMALE > and scroll allthewaydown\ 
to the bottom . On the bottom left corner inlittleblueletters , click\English\ 
There is only one person who could ever make you happy , and that person is you . 
our car is officially broke down :( 
We are moving on the first .... yayy , finally a nice house to live in . 
got 3 kids besides my own this weekend , oh boii .............. it's going well so far tho . 
going down by the river for awhile ............. 
this sunday with 5 kids ....... not happy , hope the parents come soon . 
better 2 day ....... 
stress ............. it'll get better tho 
lots of packing to do ..... 
Takin ' the kids swimming down at the river .... 
;) 
HAve no energy 2day ..... 
Not everything that counts can be counted , and not \ 
everything that can be counted counts . -- Sign hanging in Einstein's \ 
office at Princeton . 
DON'TBUY\ 
THE PATRIOTIC PEPSI CAN coming out with pictures of the Empire State\ 
Building , and the Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi left out two\ 
little words on the pledge , \Under God . \ " Pepsi said they didn't want to\ 
moving is exhausting ...... so glad it's done and over with ........ now to the unpacking part , yayyyy ............... 
Happy , but busy , busy , busy .................. 
Very Tired .. I think I hear my bed calling my name ... 
awake ............... but really half asleep , more unpacking 2day and organizing . 
BITCHY ......... 
whooped ..... back hurtz .... goodnight facebookers . 
Money does not buy happiness ; however , the lack of it can cause sadness , resentment and extreme anxiety . 
?? <3 Father's\ 
Day is approaching . “Yellow roses grow in Heaven , Lord pick a bunch for\ 
me . Place them in my father's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell \ 
him that I love and miss him and when he turns to smile , Place a kiss \ 
upon his cheek and hold him for awhile . Remembering him is easy , I do \ 
it .. every day . There is an aching in my heart , that never goes away . ”If \ 
your Dad is in Heaven , copy & paste ??? 
Just found a nice dodge caravan , going to buy it tomarrow , I am soooo happy about it . 
good night , exhausted , going to bed ............ zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . 
kids are going to visit my mom for the week , which is really good because I need to finish unpacking and getting this house in order . It's hard to get anything accomplished when school is out and the kids are home all day . 
We are what we think . All that we are arises with our thoughts . With our\ 
thoughts we make the world . 
gotta do some cleaning today .......... yayy soooo exciting . 
Fish fry tonight ... mmmmmmmm 
Dinner was great , had a good time ......... 
carnival with the kids 2night ..... fried dough , mmmmmmm ..... 
fire works were great , we could see them perfect right from our front porch . 
Just got back from swimming at pine hill lake , had a good time . now time for dinner ...... 
night , night facebookers . 
going swimming with some friends ...... 
wanted to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . 
can't freaking sleep , even tho i am so tired . ugggghh , 2marrow is gonna be a long day . 
I have two goals .... 1 . quit smoking and 2 . lose weight .... I know that if i don't I will end up in an early grave just like my father , it's almost a garenteed thing . if anyone has any encouragement , words of wisdom , stories , or tips , please share , it would mean alot to me . 
EXHAUSTED ....................... 
going to a BBq/Pool party with the fam .... 
Have to clean my messy house , uuuggghhhh ....... 
feeling soooo icky 2day ..... 
headache ......... :( 
need coffeeeeeeee ...... 
miserable 2day ... 
cleaning , my favorite thing to do .......... NOT . 
tired ..... timee to gooo to sleeppppp ..... ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
good night facebookers ........... 
My car won't start ... uggghhhh ... it figures .. 
had to take the boy to Albany 2day , it's been a long day , and my back hurts . 
busy cleaning our butts off today ...... 
I am sooo unorganized . 
Take the tough times as it comes with a sense of humor , because they always pass and you will have gained a greater perspective about life 
can't sleep .. I hate nights like these . 
Blah Blah Blah ..... 
rainy days make me feel tired . 
sooo I'm really aggravated . there are these losers in fleischmanns that i hate and want nothing to do with at all , and they won't stay out of my life no matter what i do . My life is so much better without them . some people are so pathetic that instead of focusing on their own fucked up life they focus on everyone else's . 
I don't measure my success by the material things i have accumulated . I measure my success , but the situations and battles God has helped me win !!! 
It takes practice to ignore negative thoughts . 
just for my information : does anyone ever read the articles I share ? 
Took the kids to zume flume today , had a good day , < PROPFEMALE > exhausted now . 
got to get my butt in gear .... 
going swimming soon ....... 
mosquito point here we come ... 
tired .. gonna try to go to bed early . got a long day tomorrow . 
First Day of school . Yay !!! 
not feeling well and my ankle hurts like really bad . 
good morning facebookers . 
miserable day for me ... 
bllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh .......... 
? ?? ? ? ? ? ? ........................... <3 
going to bed ........... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ............... 
Homeless\ 
in the US go without eating .... Elderly in the US can't afford \ 
prescriptions ; Mentally ill in the US go without treatment ; US military \ 
troops without proper equipment ; < PROPFEMALE > assistance and rebuilding still\ 
dragging on . Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping \ 
our own first !? -> < PROPFEMALE > BEGIN AT HOME WITH OUR OWN <- 99% of \ 
people on Facebook don't have the guts to repost this ! Will you ? 
slept like crap last night .. I can see 2day is gonna be miserable for me . 
good morning face bookers ... 
Shower then bed ........... tired , had a preety good day . 
<3 ? ?? ? ? ? ? ? <3 
I was supposed to go hike around alder lake but it doesn't look like thats gonna happen 2 day . it suxxxx , idk maybe 2marrow . 
I need something to do tonight .. 
bored o0utta my mind ............. 
hmmmmmmmmmmm :) 
lack of energy today ...... 
Got a bad toothache ... 
rain , rain go away , ur making me feel crappy . 
Tornado watch in delaware county until 6:00 pm ..... 
what a blaaah day .... 
I do not like dark and gloomy weather , it makes me feel dark and gloomy . 
ACCHOOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... Copy\ 
& paste this to your status if you're allergic to bullshit , drama , \ 
head games , liars & fake people !!! Keep this sneeze going ......... I \ 
can't wait to see who does this ! 
thinking about deleting my myspace cause i never use it anymore . 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been married for 6 years today ... <3 
Ahhhhhh , the sun is shining :) 
clear beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ... gotta go get ready to go to kingston grocery shopping . 
got a toothache .. Tylenol is not working . :( 
O-Town today maybe ? 
Fake\ 
(+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) Big ( o )( o ) or small \ 
(.) (.) Save them all ! and even Grandma's \\./\\./ Repost this for Breast \ 
Cancer Awareness ! 
why am i up so early on a sunday ? 
stumbleupon.com is an awesome web site . 
Bullying\ 
is not a harmless prank - it causes children to hate themselves and \ 
harm themselves . Too many children are hurt because an adult won't take \ 
the time or make the effort to step in . Bullying is NOT okay . Will you \ 
have the courage to stand up for kids who can't protect themselves by \ 
posting this to your profile ? 
I have such a bad headache ... uuugghhhhh 
I\ 
loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you \ 
were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were \ 
only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I \ 
still would . When you choose to have children you make a conscious \ 
decision , ... to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put \ 
this on your status , if you have children you love more than life ! ?? 
boring day .. 
Anyone can be passionate , It takes real lovers to be silly . - < PROPFEMALE > Franken , writer 
“Fall seven times ; stand up eight . ” – Japanese proverb 
Got a lot of cleaning to do .... 
going to bed , sooo tired . 
“One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > Penn 
Got a tooth pulled today without laughing gas or drugs for the first time , the dentist only used Novocaine . And I realized how much of a baby I really am . :( 
jaw is swollen and still hurting :( 
IT'S ALL GOOD ... YOU GET WHAT YOU GIVE . 
my jaw hurts < PROPFEMALE > much letting the husband take the kids out trick or treating .. 
Glad to be home ... jail sucks . 
gunna try to get some zzzzzz's ......... 
annoyed .... 
My kids are so cranky when they get home from school . 
the past month has been horrible , one thing after another . something's gotta give . 
\Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy \ 
Happy Birthday to my < PROPFEMALE > bug .... :) 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December\ 
6th , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of \ 
memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . Pass it \ 
on . 
I am totally unprepared for winter .. can't find my boots , that r crappy anyway , have no gloves and i haven't had snow pants in years . :( 
Dear laundry . I put you in the washer . I put you in the dryer . The least you could do is learn to fold yourself and put yourself away . Is that so much to ask ? 
FML ... 
