is wondering if a leopard can really change its spots ... 

To quote my girl Toni : ' Everybody's got a hustle ; so don't be surprised when true intentions are revealed , just keep your eyes open to take notice before they hustle you ' ... 
Trust half of what you see and NONE of what you hear . 
is tired of simple minded chicks applauding regular niggas for being regular ... oh , u have a job , u pay ur bills , u see your kid here and then ? congratulations for being a regular ass nigga . I'm extra-ordinary and I only applaud an EXTRAORDINARY man . Where u at ? If u are one stand up . 
I have created a new profile for professional contacts under < PROPFEMALE > R Drexel ; I will be sending out friend requests under this new profile- please accept the requests ; the corresponding email address is adrexel@livewire-systems.com . 
Missing my brother / cousin today more than usual . Come home and STAY home jerk . 
Game 4 of the Yankees / Rangers series started hopeful , but ended up being a big disappointment . I hate to say it but I think Texas has game 5 ... 
Yankees took game 5 .... time to put on my blue & white fitted 
This Yankees game is just depressing ; looks like the Rangers are going to the World Series ... 
Thanks Bears for another mediocre season ..... 
It's a shame that I haven't seen my cousin in months , but I ran into him at the gym yesterday ... I'm so proud of my cuz ; he grew up to be such a great guy ---- I loves me some Alfie Gordillo ( aka baby Alfie ) :) 
This Playtex bra commercial gets on my nerves . 
Come on Giants- 
( 1 ) 7 & 7- check ; ( 1 ) shot of patron- check 
Dear Mr. Middle-Aged gentleman on the treadmill : Although I appreciate your fittness enthusiasm , when you begin to literally rain sweat all over the machine , you may want to consider doubling up on your T-shirt , or at the very least use a towel to wipe yourself ... GROSS ! 
I likes me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > --- enjoy the profile picture ladies ... 
just realized that my face looks extra big ( almost cartoonish ) in this profile pic ... oh well . if you like my face , then it's working out to be a good day for you . 
I'M ON VACATION B*&^$ES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm in the streets today .... Who's up for a nooner or sooner ??!! 
So happy I got to see my < PROPFEMALE > boo even though I spent most of the afternoon getting her to sleep . Oh , and I'm officially addicted to Guitar Hero ... 
needs a < PROPMALE > change asap .... 
For my Office fans : This morning the Boss is taking some medicine ; I say : You probably shouldn't take that on an empty stomach . He says : It's too late ; it's already in my mouth . I say : THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID ... LMAO #bestsetupever 
Locked the 4 wheel drive on the H3 and got home with no problem ... days like this make the gas guzzling worth it !! 
If you see me in the street and I look like a combo of Kramer from Seinfeld & DJ from Hustle and Flow about the head ; don't mind me . I'm growing my hair back ... 
Dammit how u rotate a picture ? 
I want to thank each and every person who posted , texted , emailed , and called to wish me a happy 34th !!! It truly means a lot . Now- back to my drink . 
Special shout out to my family , < PROPFEMALE > Thompson , < PROPFEMALE > Nunn , Boss Man < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the LiveWire team . 
OK- I feel the need to make a general announcement ; I love all my friends out here in FB land , but ummmm ..... Please stop poking me . Also , please stop posting pictures of f'ng shoes all over the place- it's enough already with the f'ng shoes . < PROPFEMALE > on . 
This morning my guitar instructor suggested I play in a recital coming up in May ; it would be my first time playing in front of anyone .... Should I do it ? Decisions , Decisions . I only have a week or 2 to decide because I would need to chose a song to learn ... hmmmm . 
