Day of shopping AND a Loony Toons marathon ? This year's off to a great start ! 

Bored . 
FML 
really doesn't care that much about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . She always liked < PROPFIRST > Mays more . 
baked cookies . They are awesome . 
needs to finish unpacking . 
it hurts to move . 
THAT'S ENOUGH , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
GO GO POWER RANGERS ! 
Gonna lie in the tub with some bubble bath and < PROPFIRST > Bowie music until the feeling returns to my feet . 
A message to the girl who wanted a refund at the end of my shift when we were super busy : I hate you , you're a horrible person , and I hope whatever food you did end up eating instead gives you a bad case of food poisoning . 
Thanks everybody . I had a nice day . 
Me vs . You Me- Starving wolverine You- Baby covered in pork chops 
has fresh-baked cookies . They're pretty amazing . 
is sick . 
can't find her phone . 
' s hands smell like onions . 
seems to lose a pair of socks everytime she does laundry . 
saved a lady bug today . 
just ran into a door . Clearly , my observational skills need some work . 
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE ? 
Well , I can cross \stab Hitler to death\ " off my list of cool crap I never thought I'd get to do . " 
can't find her iPod . It's gonna be a long walk to work . 
Sooooooooooooooo tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiired . 
looks like there'll be no sleep after all . 
is going to punch her computer through a window . 
How is it that chocolate can make everything better ? 
Your body will ask for it by name , because your organs will grow mouths . 
The Black Hawk War , Or , How To Demolish An Entire Civilization And Still Feel Good About Yourself In The Morning , Or , We Apologize For The Inconvenience But You're Going To Have To Leave Now , Or I Have Fought The Big Knives And Will Continue To Fight Them . 
has become addicted to Uno . Also , she's discovered her latent anger issues . 
Let's go fly a kite ! Up to the higest height ! Let's go fly a kite and send it soaring ! 
had a good day . 
likes her hair this way . 
does not want the latest version of iTunes . Stop asking ! 
pissed off . 
Indivizzibizzle . 
One day I will rule Candyland with an iron fist . 
Blargh . 
just cleaned the kitchen and will kill the next person who messes it up . 
Happy Slapsgiving , everyone ! 
has awakened from the food coma to realize that it's finally CHRISTMAS SEASON . 
DID YOU SEE THAT UNICORN ? IT'S HORN WAS SO SHINY . 
Bad day . 
Paper due tomorrow . Paper due Thursday . 23-page worksheet due Friday . It's gonna be a long week . 
Maybe the Island of Misfit Toys wouldn't be around if some of the elves didn't suck at their jobs . 
Fun fact people don't seem to realize : If you email 150 people asking for class notes , it helps if you actually put what the class is . 
We need something simple , elegent . So we're going with my plan to put him in a bag and hit him with a rake ? 
Alright , we have to make this flying jellyfish talk . Go get me a toaster and some rubber gloves . 
went to the wrong building for her final this morning . 
Stupid blizzard . 
So much for the family being together for Christmas . 
Making cookies ! 
Maybe I should kick you in the face with my fist . 
Well this term paper isn't done yet , but at least my Farmville is organized . 
is not pleased with her new work schedule . 
Giving up on the car thing , I'm getting a tricycle ! 
It is 65 degrees out . Why in god's name did someone turn the heater up to 80 ? GET A FRICKIN BLANKET . 
Don't leave the duck there . It's totally irresponsible . Put it on the swing , it'll have much more fun . 
Anybody wanna take me to work and pick me up tomorrow ? ... Yeah , didn't think so . 
So we're going with my plan to put him in a bag and hit him with a rake ? 
Wednesday-Play Wii with T-Pain 
doesn't have to be a hobo next year ! 
finds screaming chickens hilarious . Thanks , Superbowl commercials . 
is eating a big bowl of instant mashed potatoes . Such a healthy diet . 
This is your brain on Canadians . 
That Old Spice commercial cracks me up every time I see it . 
Unicorns don't talk to strangers . 
IT IS A BEAUTIFUL DAY OUTSIDE . WHY DOES MY ROOMMATE THINK THE HEATER NEEDS TO BE CRANKED UP TO 85 ? 
Take off that sombrero , I will not be mocked ! 
Lost my voice . 
Conan O'Brien is coming to Tulsa ! Who has a car and wants to go with me ? 
YES ! MULAN IS ON ! 
I'm a happy zombie 
How come a transvestite donkey witch is standing next to you , and why is it wearing a dress ? 
Stop sending me invites to events that aren't even in my state ! 
RODE AN ELEPHANT TODAY . My life is awesome . 
Narwhals . They're the jedi of the sea . 
My idea of team work is a lot of people doing whatever I say . 
As long as I don't spend any money for about two months , I shouldn't have to sell any important organs to pay my rent . 
< PROPMALE > Roosevelt : Like a cross between < PROPFIRST > Boone and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Just saw a commercial for the < PROPMALE > Potter amusement park . I WANNA GOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 
Ever have one of those dreams where you think you wake up but you're still dreaming and everything starts happening like it did in the first dream you had and it makes you freak out ? 
Just found $10 in these pants . IMMD . 
Everyone in the < PROPMALE > army's heard of < PROPMALE > Stiglitz . 
Who are you people !? 
Blargh so many wedding pictures I have to upload . 
Blargh , back to school/work tomorrow . 
Finished 
THESE CHEERIOS TASTE LIKE MUFFINS . I AM AMAZED . 
wants to be a Powerpuff Girl ! 
I either need a job or a blackmarket surgeon looking for a kidney . 
It's too hot to wear pants ! 
Dear Stomach , \ 
There is nothing left in you to throw back up . Please stop trying . I do not appreciate it . \ 
Sincerely , < PROPFIRST > 
His crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose ! An elephant who never forgets ... to kill ! And a seldom-used crab named Lucky , aka Citizen Snips ! 
Look , I'm Woody ! Howdy howdy howdy ! 
Roommate is sitting in the middle of the dark living room holding a bouquet of flowers she tried to sell me for $ . 75 . I am officially creeped out . 
Once again , we meet at last . 
How am I supposed to get my yearly dose of sunlight tomorrow if it won't stop raining ? 
IT'S RAAAAAAAAINING ! 
WHOOO GERMANY ! 
That soccer guy's gonna be coughing up chunks of lung tomorrow . 
Sorry , I was telling these sharks that I was going to be a little late to our weekly poker game . 
I love you , Old Spice Guy . 
I must ride my jetski-lion into the sunset . 
Cleaning ! 
Moving day ! 
EVERYTHING IS SORE . 
made cookies ! 
Dear person driving by my window at 2 am :\ 
Please turn down your bass . Your music's bad and you should feel bad . I hope you go deaf . \ 
Love , < PROPFIRST > 
In the year 1 million and a half , human kind is enslaved by giraffes . 
SHARK WEEK 
Just found a stash of old Pokemon cards . My day has been made . 
Why doesn't anybody want to hire me ? 
making cookies ! 
DELICIOUS CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES 
just made some seriously delicious grilled cheese . 
I made cookies ! 
Pancakes ! 
cannot be sick already this year . 
Historically , syphilis is right up there with Germans . It wiped out the Romanovs , it decimated our fleet at < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , and of course , < PROPMALE > Castro impersonated < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and gave President Kennedy a case of syphilis so severe that eventually it blew the back of his head off . 
Thank you everybody ! Birthday's been great . 
Bad day . =\\ 
Either I'm going crazy or I believe I just felt an earthquake . 
WIZARD LIGHTNING BATTLE 
has Cap'n Crunch and is dressed as a < PROPFEMALE > . Today is a good day . 
That's so romantic , I just want to fill a pillow case with dead batteries and beat you with it . 
built a fort out of blankets and furniture in the living room . Yeah , go ahead and feel jealous . It's okay . 
JUKEBOX THE GHOST IS COMING TO OKC . WHO WANTS TO BE AWESOME AND GO WITH ME ? 
Watching super-crappy horror movies on AMC . <3 
Okay , should not have watched that movie about the evil killer puppet ghost . Bad move , self . 
Spent the past couple hours watching scary movies with Swine Flu . Yeah , that's gonna go well when I try to sleep . 
Why do you people let me watch scary movies !? 
What happens to all the cakes that don't win on Food Network contests ? 
Well hello , Captain . My name is Galactic President Superstar McAwesometown . 
needs a snazzy title for a paper about zombies . 
FML . 
