Depressed . Off to watch Saw II . :( 

is really happy ! I feel so fresh and clean :) 
I found my iPod thanks to my little brother ! It was in the backyard for almost week ! AND IT SURVIVED ! Hurray ! It was covered in grossness , but it washed off ! SO happy :) 
Happy 4th ! 
Love going through the Suggestions box and it finally collapses . It makes me feel like a winner ... Am I the only one ? 
wants popcorn 
wants Chinese food . 
my dogs are so sweet . no matter how much they ignore me ... they are always there to make me laugh :) lol ... I'm so tired 
Goodnight World ... 
is very happy 
It totally feels like Thursday ... Needs Friday to come faster . 
Going to bed at a reasonable time ... ( for once ! ) 
Happy Halloween ... Umm ... Belated ? ... Yes :( 
More homework :'( 
Productive day homework-wise . Everything else ... not so much . 
Uber neato ! FACEBOOK TRICK : Press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works ! 
It feels like Sunday night/Monday morning . Why am I staying up ? 
I had a dream ... And I had coffee ... And I'm in a great mood . 
It has been a great day . Tomorrow on the other hand isn't looking to be so amazing , but I will make the best of it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
We did it !!!!! 
Zoi is a stalker :) 
Great week considering . Tuesday and Friday were the best . 
Mondays = blehhhhhhh ! 
Meh 
It's a TWO ! 
I'm at Wal Mart with the band during the school day ... Nothing to worry about here ... 
BTW , we earned ones in concert and sight reading ( For < PROPFIRST > ) 
Today is gonna be a fantastic day . 
Oh my gosh ... BAND TRIP 
Wrking on descrips for Geo proj :P 
Just found out there is another < PROPFIRST > nicknamed Smiley in middle school . Identity stolen ? 
Missing Glee . Great ... now I have to wait ' til tomorrow to watch it on Hulu ... 
Bandquet ! 
No more school !!! 
Processional Pomp FTW . 
Run Club and Apple's WWDC today . Imogen Heap !!! Tomorrow ! #ihhouston #WWDC 
OMG . Have you ever had < PROPMALE > Mar ....? It is the most perfect Tex-Mex dish ... Bacon wrapped shrimp with a pepper inside fajitas . YUM ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Not feeling so well :( bleh . 
Have you got it in you ? 
cutting out some Oh No ! glasses . They are pretty outrageous . 
Electric Spoofaloo is so cool . They did a La Roux spoof ! and Ke$ha ... and GaGa ! 
A Song for < PROPFEMALE > ( a recording ) is on iTunes ! YUSSSS ! 
Finally got a lanyard for band ! Not proud of this fact . 
I love how Poker Face never gets old . Thank you @ladygaga . 
Oh my gosh Sharpie Pens ! 
Had a dream I was in Theatre and singing . I kinda want to do it now .... Seems fun 
Hense , Lopez , < PROPMALE > , marthur , Thompson , < PROPFIRST > , wenger 
is a sophomore . 
So not satisfied with the end of rehearsal . }: / 
ready for friday ! but ... tomorrow's Thursday . 
My brother just ate all the tasty ( and very unhealthy ) Wonka chocolate that was left in the bag . ANGER !!!! 
I want to do homework on the roof . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is ammmaaazzzziiiiinnnng ! 
My once dead iPod has come back to life . < PROPMALE > THE ZOMBIE IPOD TOUCH ! 
That flugelhorn solo is just asking to be minor . 
Not much beats a PB&J with a glass of milk 
Whooo ! Quick contest and three day weekend . What more can you ask ? 
Wow congrats Hawk Band . 
I miss the purple cow . 
Just had a Nutella sandwich . It's like a chocolate sandwich !!!!!!!!! 
Hold your breath , make a wish , count to three . Come with me ... 
Electron models are so racist ... And they are not toys ! 
Camping . <3 
thinks that there is no way it is only 7:30 . 
¿De donde < PROPFEMALE > VALVE OIL ??? 
is having some terrible anxiety . :(( 
Sitting in an office chair hurts after sitting on a ball for so long ... 
There is nothing like sleeping in after a long week . 
Cat would not get out of chair , I push chair out of room . \ 
Cat 0 \ 
< PROPFIRST > 1 
is going to study until the end of time for the World History exam tomorrow . 
Whooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!! School is ovar . For a couple weeks :D 
Ions in chemistry are like sharps and flats in music . :D 
I think < PROPFEMALE > just contacted me through OnStar in the car . I couldn't understand him though . Must've been a bad connection . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Have a wonderful day everybody . 
I finally beat < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at chopsticks ! 
Lions and Tigers and bears and CARS ! Oh my ! 
Just rode a horse named < PROPFEMALE > . It was fun ! 
We did it ! We won our national championship ! 
That was one cold parade ! But we made it . 
It's kind of crazy that 24 hours ago , I was at the Grand Canyon . 
Once you know the notes to sing you can sing most anything ! 
I was on the news ! 
Just went on a super spy mission locating my own missing phone . I ended up at my bus driver's house . ( Also thanks Apple for creating \Find My iPhone \")" 
Just got a legit piggy bank ! :D And it's orange . One of my favourite colours . 
Think it would be so cool to play Imogen Heap's Little Bird on the marimba or something . The melodic stuff is so neat . ( Check the instrumental version too ) . Makes me think of solo and ensemble ( that could be a bad thing ) . :) < /nonsense > 
* stays up late practicing scales on piano * shhh don't tell anyone . 
Had an amazing day ! Thanks to everybody who made it extra great ! :DD 
Piano tuning is headache inducing . 
I wish the World History AP book had tons of obnoxious cussing in it . 
Just got some teeth pulled . Now my nose is asleep . 
