Jet lag is a crafty foe , but I shall defeat it in the end . 

Totally couldn't figure out how to make my photos viewable by non-facebook people . Will probably have to get a flickr account . This social media thing just keeps proliferating . 
Photography : an inadequate attempt to compensate for the fact that the human memory is like a sieve and 75 percent of what enters it filters right on through . 
Chess is the most psychologically satisfying game ever invented . I know , I've done studies . 
Looks like the week < PROPMALE > and I are spending in Barcelona overlaps with Barcelona Pride . I'm really excited ! Should be quite a party ! Glad we made the hostel reservations early . 
Going out for Danish pizza . Hope it lives up to the hype ( which < PROPMALE > managed to generate in the last week ) . 
Thin crust shaped by hand with ground beef , ham , pepperoni , and chicken . Most flavorful cheese ever . Danish pizza lived up to the hype and then some . 
I'm seeing Den Gamle By today ! < PROPMALE > has been trying to teach me how to pronounce it for several days now . It's Århus ' old town . They have a river and a windmill . 
Leaving for Barcelona Wednesday morning spending a week there in hostels and then staying a week in < PROPFIRST > with one of < PROPMALE>' international student friends . There's the obvious stuff . ( I am so getting my picture taken in front of the Arc d'Triomphe with a s 
Happy day after solstice ! Tomorrow night is Midsummer's < PROPFEMALE > ( or St. < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > if you prefer the Christian version ) . I'm excited about the giant bonfires on the beach tomorrow night and < PROPMALE > is excited because his last final is tomorrow morning . 
is in a Barcelona hostel on a public access computer lamenting the failure of wifi . Barcelona is amazing , incredibly hot and humid , but amazing . Unfortunately internet access is spotty so I may be on blackout for awhile . Will be in < PROPFIRST > on June 30th and 
I will admit I was a little nervous about going to Spain not knowing a lick of Spanish , but we have been getting along nicely . Amazing how far a few Spanish phrases and extensive experience playing sharades can get you . < PROPMALE > took Spanish in high school an 
Walked down La Rambla today . Reminded me a lot of Fisherman ? wharf with the street performers , sidewalk vendors , and couple million tourists . The vendors selling chipmonks and parrots were new though and awesome . We walked through an open air market sell 
Barcelona Pride was amazing . LGBTAs dancing samba in the streets as troops of drummers marched by . The parade ended beneath the magic fountain in front of the National Museum of < PROPMALE > of Catalonia . The Magic Fountain is magic because every half hour it pefo 
Got into < PROPFIRST > in one piece . Just woke up from a much-needed nap . That 2am hostel checkout to make the 6am train was painful , to say the least . We are staying with < PROPMALE>' friend < PROPFEMALE > , who is now my facebook friend , in her awesome studio apartment . Bonj 
Last night I walked beneath the Eiffel Tower . It was magical , like being in a movie . Today I saw the Latin Quarter which has a million bookstores and I lit a candle in Notre Dame Cathedral . Also had the best creme brulee ever and I mean ever ! 
The Louvre was cool ( and exhausting ) . It was fun seeing the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > De < PROPMALE > . Favorite moment of the day happened at L'Orangerie . I got to see < PROPFEMALE>'s Water Lillies - two circular rooms in which they surround you and you feel like you're on 
Back in Århus , soothing a vicious sore throat with soup and cucumber water . Manic sight-seeing totally killed my immune system , but it was so worth it . Now I have about a thousand pictures to go through ( not exaggerating ) and lots of postcards to finish 
OMG , my mom just emailed me that I won the SFSU Graduate Equity Scholarship . Never thought I'd get it ! It's only $1400 , but every little bit helps . So happy right now ! Hurray for fortuitous < PROPFEMALE > alignment ! 
It's < PROPMALE>' birthday today . Send a b-day email if you know < PROPMALE > . Email me if you need the address . I'm still sick and we're both still exhausted so we'll probably just < PROPFEMALE > out and watch movies today , but there will be cake ! Yesterday we bought ingredients 
Gainful employment arrived in my inbox late last night and must be attended to . 
To do : work , post Barcelona and < PROPFIRST > photos on flickr , write out postcards , send out postcards , type up poems , send out poems , get over this irritating combination sore throat/ear ache . That's this weekend . Next week start doing the online rounds for SF 
Sore throat's feeling a bit better . It's been nice to just bum around , write , and goof off on the computer for a few days . 
Possible uses for failed gazpacho : salsa , very watery salad , hot dog topping . It's actually a very versatile recipe , even when it fails to become soup . 
Watched Idiocracy last night and was rather underwhelmed . For a movie that criticizes stupidity in western culture it was kind of ... well ... you catch my drift . 
Just got back from good pale ale and experimental jazz drumming . Århus jazz festival rocks ! Another full day of jazz tomorrow . 
About to head out the door for another day of free jazz . Taking the postcards with me to see if I can't get them sent out by the end of the week . 
Purely by < PROPMALE > , managed to find what is probably the only fried chicken takeout place in Århus . Yum . Tasty . 
Really enjoying this week's < PROPFEMALE > Maddow Show episodes . Anyone else been partaking ? 
Finished my < PROPMALE > of Nonconformity Writing Contest submission last night and sent it in . It's not whether I win or lose , it's getting over my habit of getting psyched out about contests and not bothering to try . My new motto : good things happen to those who 
Yesterday was the last day of the Århus jazz festival . No more free jazz concerts . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . Had a great time getting a crash course in modern and experimental jazz . < PROPMALE > is a huge jazz fan , whereas I've mostly just listened to classic jazz singers like B 
Calling all Bay area people . I've started looking for housing in < PROPMALE > . My criteria : $800 or less , if roommates present own room necessary , half hour or less from Daly City , cats allowed . Shoot me an email if you hear of anything . Thanks ! 
For some reason getting myself to email people about housing is harder than building a time machine in the 15th century and journeying back to the Cenozoic < PROPFEMALE > to extract a tooth from a saber toothed tiger . Not sure why I'm making this so hard on myself . 
The good news : sent out a bunch of requests for more info . to listings . The bad news : looks like a lot of people want you to make an appointment for a tour . Hmm , we'll see how this goes . 
The Århus botanical gardens were really pretty . There were butterflies . :-) 
76% of people on facebook like our current health care system and don't want it changed ? Really ? 
Went to the Occupation Museum and learned about the Danish resistance movement to < PROPMALE > occupation and then went to the Women's Museum and learned that Danish women got the vote in 1915 and the right to a free abortion in 1973 . Today history was a puddle 
Today we watch vikings battle to the death and join in their songs of triumph around the bonfire . Carnage , glorious , carnage ! ( OK , so real , historical vikings would probably slit these < PROPFEMALE>'s throats , it's still gonna be cool . ) It's the Viking Festival ! 
I'd like to have a moment of silence for my camera , lost on the battlefield , never to be heard from again . :-( It was an old camera . It lived a long , fulfilling life . Viking festival was awesome . My favorite part was at the end of the battle reenactment 
Think I may try connecting my goodreads feed with facebook . Hope this doesn't bombard you with a million posts . 
Received good news from work about paycheck and Mum about financial aid check . Hey , housing listing people , you can email me back now , I have money ! 
Twitter filtered out spammers again last night . I'm back down to 350 . I keep getting inches away from 400 and then cruelly knocked down . I guess it's important that they be real people , meh . 
Just got back from Moesgaard , the other viking museum in Aarhus - the cooler one . I saw the world's best preserved peat bog mummy . The hands looked rather vampire-esque , not quite alive but not as dead as they should be - kind of creepy . Moesgaard is in t 
Flight back to California is this upcoming Thursday . Housing search is not going well . Sent out another batch of housing emails this morning , but will likely have a lot of leg work to do upon my return . 
Looked at the SFSU class schedule today . So excited about the program ! Registration is on August 4th . 
< PROPMALE > is trying to trick me into playing Farmville with the cunning use of a gifted chicken . It shan't work , well probably not , but maybe I could just play a little .... No , must remain strong ! 
Got a response back from one of my housing emails . The person says they'd visit periodically but wouldn't sleep in the same apartment for the sake of my privacy . So , filing that in the probably too creepy to be a real landlord category . 
All things considered it was a pretty nice day , although I have so much packing to get done tomorrow , eek . In other news < PROPMALE > and I are trying not to get all sniffly , but another year of long distance is looming pretty large . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
I have a couple of apartment tours lined up for Saturday ! Always nice when real people respond to your housing inquiries as opposed to creepy spammers . Hurray , I might not have to live in a cardboard box in < PROPFEMALE > Gate Park after all ! 
I don't want to pack ! You can't make me ! And I can't for the life of me find the list of required courses to take to qualify to < PROPFEMALE > for composition and creative writing classes at SFSU . Highly annoying . 
Tomorrow I'll be in Copenhagen and the day after I'll be on a plane to Sacramento . Where I won't be until I settle into a new SF apartment is on the internet . Yep , it's an another internet blackout . The pain , the agony ! But my cell phone will be working a 
Change of plans . Do to a hiccup ( yes , I may have to have that word tattooed on my forehead ) , I'm not getting back into the U.S. until August 14th . I'll have internet until then . Cell phone again on August 16th . 
Sister Spit is coming back to South Cal in October and looking for a venue and a place to crash . Drop them a line if you can help . They're also going to be in Portland on October 11th at Mississippi Studios so all you Portland peeps should go see them perform if not because they are the most awesome spoken word performers around , then simply to make me green with envy . I hope they come to SF when I'm there . 
This funk is rapidly turning into a doom spiral . Feel free to offer words of encouragement . They would be appreciated . Meanwhile I'll be writing and drinking tea , the two best remedies for any ill . 
is feeling a bit better and has gotten back on the searching for housing horse . 
There was a terrifically loud thunderstorm this morning . It was better than an alarm clock . Off to do some writing . 
It's fun to comment on a bunch of people's statuses and then not leave a status . It makes me feel mysterious . Oh wait ... doh ... ruined the effect . The Facebook share button is a seductive temptress as always . 
Getting ready to try this whole leaving Denmark thing tomorrow . Last night I packed everything I wasn't using today and emailed a bunch of housing listings . Tonight , when it becomes a civilized hour on the west coast again , I will be using my phone card to call all the people who replied to my emails to schedule apartment tours . 10 days to find housing and move in before classes start . I hope it's enough time . 
I hate calling strangers asking to see their apartments , but I managed to schedule three tours and also have some open houses to crash . < PROPMALE > and I spent my last night in Denmark eating ratatouille , drinking Thor brand beer , and watching anime . Not a bad evening , though a little sad that we won't see each other again until Christmas . This will likely be my last update until I successfully move to SF . Wish me luck ! 
Made it back to California successfully . Staying with < PROPFEMALE > for a while I look for housing because she's saintlike like that . < PROPFEMALE>'s dog , < PROPFEMALE > is very cute when she chases her tail . 
is not panicking . Honest . Day one of apartment hunting is behind me with very little to show . Two undesirable possibilities . Day two is just beginning . All the leasing offices open at 9am , lazy bums . Thus far I've scheduled two tours , one in Palo Alto and one in Berkeley . A fine time for my car's change oil light to be rearing its ugly head . 
is a little calmer and finally thinking about strategy . Found some apartments I'm interested in , but proving I can pay for them with my financial aid is going to be challenging . At least my credit rating is tolerable . A lady never tells ... but let's just say it wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be . 
got a Sacramento County Library card so I could use their computers while I'm in Galt . Picked up my student ID card and toured some places in Daly City ( where the campus is ) yesterday . Will be putting in applications for apartments on Friday to a Daly City place and possibly another complex in East Palo Alto . With a lot of luck I'll be able to move in this weekend , though next weekend seems more probable . 
finalizing the paperwork and turning in my first rent check tomorrow . I'll be living in a house in Alameda . Unfortunately I'm not able to move in until Sept . 4th , but luckily < PROPMALE>' uncle lives in San < PROPFIRST > and has a spare room so I'll be commuting from there for the next couple of weeks . Orientation is tomorrow and then the first day of classes the day after . Despite the chaos , I'm excited ! 
have a 5 hour gap between when I need to be in Alameda to meet with housemates and when I need to be on campus . I'm thinking Telegraph Ave . is the perfect time killing solution . I need another book like I need a hole in the head , but I've been wanting to browse Berkeley's used book stores for years now . I can be strong , all I'll do is look ... honest ... 
spent the morning digging around the < PROPMALE > website . It doesn't look too hard . I'll be braving it for the first time tomorrow morning . Wish me luck ( on everything really ) . 
is reviewing some materials for the undergrad poetry class she's instructor assisting for tomorrow . Orientation went well . Made awkward small talk with some cool people . 
Met the undergrad group I'll be guiding through the workshop process yesterday . Talented and cocky , I like them already . 
So I know this is the longest of long shots , but is there anyone in the Bay Area who hasn't seen Inglorious Bastards yet , but wants to ? If so drop me a line . If not ... I might have to go see it on my own ... I just got another 3 ' must see ' reviews from friends . 
The good news : I got into the literary magazine editing class so I am now a reader for 14 Hills . The bad news : I just found out I need to bring 15 copies of a poem of mine to class tomorrow . 
Ah , the white knuckle terror of reading your work to your peers with the sinking certainty that their honest and unvarnished opinion is horrifyingly eminent . It's good to be back . I missed workshopping soooooo much !!!! ( P.S. I think they liked my poem !!!! ) 
I don't want to drive to Galt today . :-( But I really should go through some boxes , since I won't have much time next week . 
Had my first persona poetry class today . We're going to discuss the politics of appropriation , assumptions we make regarding the persona we're writing about , as well how to make the language consistent with the characterization . There's apparently a lot more to persona poetry than Brownings \My Last Duchess\ " . I'm so excited ! " 
Big assignment due tomorrow night and the overwhelm is starting to set in . The trick is to keep working and breathing ... that and to stop unconsciously clenching my jaw because my face is starting to hurt . 
I sound my barbaric meh over the rooftops of the world ! Finished reviewing the first huge packet of poetry submissions for Fourteen Hills yesterday . My initial suspicians were correct , that class is going to be a ton of work and then some , but had so much fun discussing the poems with the other staff members last night . Workshop today , moving tomorrow , totally fried already . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Some days even the smallest gesture feels offensive to someone nameless and disapproving , God or the woman waiting at the light to cross the street , what does it matter ? Some days you are stumbling over yourself apologizing for apologizing and wishing you had wings instead of limp paws . Tomorrow , if you're listening , I come to you as I always come to you , as someone willing to try until it kills her . 
Made it to Alameda and all my furniture fits in the room and all the books fit in the bookshelf . Still unpacking stuff , but making good progress . For instance as you may have guessed I got my computer hooked up and the internet working ! 
Lost entirely too much time to #writechat on twitter and to reading the second to last book of Dykes to Watch Out For , which is an amazing comic by the way , everyone should read it and you've no excuses since The Essential Dykes to Watch Out For , a complete collection of all the strips was recently released . I hate unpacking , I wish everything would just fly into place on its own < PROPFIRST > Poppins style . 
I didn't realize my housemates keep a salt bowl instead of a sugar bowl and this morning I salted my cereal . Couldn't find the sugar shaker . I may have to go out and buy some . 
Bay Area breaking news : the Oakland Bay Bridge won't reopen tomorrow as planned . CalTrans discovered a crack in the bridge . They're hoping to finish work in time to reopen it Wednesday morning . 
Reading past issues of Fourteen Hills for my essay on its aesthetics . As usual I think I'm over-thinking it . Trying not to let perfectionism get in the way of writing the darn thing . 
Studied for five hours or so at Java Rama today , first stop on my tour of the area's coffee shops . Met another MFAer . Not sure if I was just lucky or if the Bay Area is such that if I folded a poem into a paper airplane and threw it , someone in an MFA program would catch it and ask if I would like to submit it to their lit mag . Either way I'm not complaining . 
Weird and kind of ironic , was just talking to a friend in Mexico last night about how much she needed it to rain because her well was drying up . I told her I'd be thinking water producing thoughts before I went to sleep . Then it rains overnight . Um ... I meant in Mexico , but thank you ? Looks like the storm is moving south . Hope it makes it there . 
Had a lovely rainy day picnic and met some cool Mills MFAs . In other news I made a decision today to recommit to choosing happiness . Life's been kind of a mixed bag lately . Lots of meh in which to become mired , but lots of subtle beauty waiting to be remarked upon . I want to be happy with the choices I've made and I'm willing to work at it until I get there , even if it takes a little practice . 
Finally picked up my cat , Yoshimi from my mom's house and brought her to Alameda . She's freaking out much less than I thought she would . She's purring at me and demanding affection instead of hiding under furniture . I think we both missed each other . 
Hey San Diegans , go see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > read from her new book , The Importance of Being Iceland at D.G. Wills Bookstore in La Jolla this Saturday at 7pm . She's an amazing poet and performer and D.G. Wills is one of my favorite bookstores in the city . 
Tried another coffee shop today and pondered the mysteries of Fourteen Hills poems until my brain started to atrophy . This one's in West Portal near SFSU . It's called The Greenhouse . Though the light levels for studying aren't ideal , the place has a lovely , calming atmophere , and their gypsy tea is fabulous . They have an open mic the second Saturday of every month at around 5pm . 
Picking at the poem I'm bringing to workshop tomorrow . The line breaks are off . 
My poem decided it wanted to be four pages and I don't have time to write another one before class . Sorry workshop ... 
I am now formally at my Alameda address on paper and my car insurance rates are going down a bit . Yea me ! 
Gonna get some reading done for Monday's class so I don't feel guilty when I spend the evening at a Lesbian/Womyn-Focused/Queer/Womanist/Feminist Movie Marathon that a friend is hosting . 
Have a draft of the persona poem down on paper and am trying not to get all perfectionistic and weird about it . Taking a break to watch the Emmys hosted by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a pretty much universally loved actor and not < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a justifiably maligned sex offender from Florida . 
Feeling a bit in over my head today and it's too early to tell whether I remembered to bring my scuba gear . 
My car's check engine light turned on today . Trying not to react as though I'd been handed a pirate's black spot . 
Still recovering from last night's party . One too many mudslides ... ug . Great party though ! 
Anybody else going to Folsom Street Fair tomorrow ? If so drop me a line , maybe we can meet up there and < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Saw Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs with my family for my aunt's birthday today . Cute and funny , though I didn't care for the take home message that ultimately your parents are the only people who can affirm the value of your life pursuits . 
The good news : inspired by the surreal cultural landscape of Folsom Street Fair I wrote two new poems . The bad news : neither of them is the persona poem that's due tomorrow . 
Had a dream last night in which I talked to < PROPFEMALE > Fitzgerald about how she wanted me to handle the persona poem I was writing about her . Unfortunately can't remember much of what she said , but the dream must have solved some internal conflict because within an hour of waking up I had a rough draft and after the 4th rewrite the poem finally came out sounding some aproximation of true , or at least not painfully false . 
Finally did some Fourteen Hills PR stuff I'd been unforgivably procrastinating on . Being productive feels good ... oh yeah . And so does being a few hours away from final selections ! 
Workshop , last minute cleaning , and then picking up my favorite Portlander from the airport . Giddy with excitement ! :-) 
is feeling really homesick right now , and trying to channel the feeling into writing very kindly worded and encouraging rejection letters . 
Yesterday was pretty bad , but today is going to be better . Thanks for all the well wishes , friends ! 
For my birthday I played a lot of chess , had some good conversations , and a couple of drinks . All things considered not a bad way to spend the day . :-) 
Couldn't help but think of Sandman's The Wake at renn faire today . Told death another couple hundred years would be fine even though all that was familiar is now strange and I don't really know my place in the world anymore . 
About to head out to Litcrawl in the Mission tonight . During Phase 2 Fourteen Hills is reading at City Arts Gallery and < PROPFEMALE > Day is reading at the Elbow Room . During Phase 3 < PROPFEMALE > Armantrout is reading at the Latin < PROPFEMALE > Club . Come out and show some love ! 
It was a charmed evening , the kind of evening that renews your faith that you are , in fact , in the right place at the right time . 
Yeah , it's in 9.5 font . What of it ? 
So my fear of public speaking is apparently back with a vengence . Just peachy . Thought I smashed that with a hammer five years back ... 
Thinking about pumpkin patching it this weekend to get into the Halloween spirit . Probably Sunday . Anyone want to come along ? 
Anybody else feeling pumpkin carving and Halloween movies tomorrow night ? Considering sweetening the deal with pumpkin cookies . 
Pumpkin cookies turned out tasty . Carved a zombie pumpkin . May post a photo in a bit . 
Stuffed four envelopes full of poems last night to be sent out to lit mags this morning . Plan to st < PROPMALE > a rejection letter < PROPMALE > project when I get enough ' raw ' materials . 
Bay Bridge closed indefinately ? I felt less jittery about the situation when they were phrasing it as until further notice . Have been taking < PROPMALE > all this week anyway I guess ... 
Had some shawarma for dinner at a place called < PROPFIRST > Baba's Cave in the Mission . Really good , but I miss Mama's Bakery in San < PROPMALE > which was and is epically tasty . Went to the Babble-On reading at Dog Earred Books . Can't seem to get enough of < PROPFEMALE > St. these days . 
Heading over to the Amnesia open mic tonight at 7pm . Last week was a bit of a mixed bag in terms talent . There were some interesting writers and musicians who were fun to watch and then there were some drunk people who were drawn to the mic like moths to a flame ( who were honestly also fun to watch , but for different reasons ) . Feeling optimistic about tonight . 
“You can't wait for inspiration . You have to go after it with a club . ” - < PROPFIRST > London 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > Dark's Dykeotomy today at 2pm . She's an amazing queer spoken word poet . And then home again to try and get this Dance Dance Revolution poem finished . I'm on version number three and it's still not coming out the way I want it . Bleh . 
Reading at Amnesia's open mic again tomorrow . Then Wednesday evening seeing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > perform at Modern Times Bookstore . In the meantime I have undergrad poems to comment on before I head for bed . 
is going to try to keep in touch with people better . It's so nice talking with old friends . It eases the lingering homesickness . 
Wrote something kind of risky and can't decide whether to show it to my workshop . Wish I could tell if I was worried about sharing it because of the content or because I think the work's no good . 
ZYZZYVA sends truly beautifully written rejection letters . I might have to send them another submission just to recieve a second one . 
Blogging and poeming . Trying to kick this pointless and crippling perfectionism habit in favor of getting stuff done . 
No persona class today . Camile isn't feeling well . Honestly the poem I was about to take off the anvil could use some more hammering anyway . 
Overcoming inertia with the promise of beer . 
Heading to release party for Ancient Book of Hip tonight at Space Gallery on 1141 Polk St. You should come along . Fourteen Hills throws a great party ! 
Note to Bay Area , please host more salsa conferences so that Maggi can come visit more often ! After great sushi and better conversation I'm feeling pretty good about life . 
Been invited to read poems on Pirate Cat Radio today at 4pm - 87.9 FM . 
< PROPMALE > and I's four year anniversary is today . Can't wait until next year when we'll be celebrating it in the same location rather than over skype . 
Keeping the Thanksgiving tradition of nursing a cold alive , while spending Thanksgiving in Portland with my beloved friends . 
If at first you don't succeed destroy all evidence that you tried . 
Just got hired as a writing tutor at the on-campus academic resource center !!! Really excited about the position , so excited I didn't post earlier that I was applying because I didn't want to jinx it . 
Once again it's me in one corner of the ring and my crippling perfectionism in the other . I really need to win this match . There shall be no sleep until it is won . 
Registered for half my classes as per the two-tiered registration system . Hope I put my eggs in the right baskets . 
Can't believe my first semester as an MFA is almost over . Also can't believe < PROPMALE > is home for the holidays in only 6 days !!! 
Been quite the eventful weekend - learned a traditional Parisian waltz on Friday , played Rockband while drinking spiked egg nog on Saturday , and found a new feminist group on Sunday . Time to mix in a bit more homework with my fun time . 
About to head into the city to pick up < PROPMALE > from the airport ! ( And Fourteen Hills release party is tonight if my partner can come while sporting a nine hour jet lag , you surely can make it there too . Organic food , cheap drinks , and great readers . If you're not there you're missing out . ) 
In New Mexico with < PROPMALE>' family for Christmas . We had a snowball fight this morning and now it's snowing again . Took some pictures of the cactuses all covered in snow . 
You know you're getting old when you're really jazzed about getting sweaters for Christmas . ( Fuzzy = awesome ! ) Happy holidays , everybody ! 
I think my chapbook manuscript might just be finished . It sort of snuck up on me while I was agonizing over the last poem I was convinced it needed . The poem about resolutions on the other hand is barely begun . I'm hoping to have at least something revisable by the end of today . 
Picked up my cat from my mom's house today . Yoshimi is very happy to be home . 
Finally starting to emerge from the third death cold in two months . 
Working on a < PROPMALE > decluttering project . I have eight boxes worth of old school work , old finanical records , old birthday cards . I want to recycle most of it and file the rest of it . It's a real trip down memory < PROPFIRST > . Right now I'm rummaging through a box from 2006 but some of the papers go back as far as high school . 
About to send another batch of submissions out into the world ! 
Financial aid dispersement is a beautiful thing , right up there with eating and paying rent , things it is entirely too closely related with . Feeling good about life today ! 
\Dressed in white we quietly huddle with our missiles . \"" 
Last day of class shopping . Will know my final schedule by the end of today . 
After losing < PROPMALE > Zinn and J.D. Salanger in the same week it's almost like I can feel the world struggling and failing to return to the same level of clarity and authenticity . 
is going to Oakland < PROPMALE > Murmur this evening ! 
Anybody else every encountered the falafal truck ? Organic , freshmade falafels on wheels . Life-alteringly tasty . The < PROPMALE > was cool too . :-) 
Excited about checking out the new readings series , East Bay on the Brain at The Layover in downtown Oakland tonight at 7pm . 
Anybody got any good advice for performance anxiety related to teaching ? 
Literary Death Match at the Elbow Room on < PROPFEMALE > tonight at 8pm . Anyone else going ? 
I always seem to be at my most productive when I'm using one task to desperately avoid doing another . My writing would be so fruitful if I could only set up an infinite regress of ever more unpleasant tasks . 
Got a call today that I got second place in the Browning Society persona poetry contest . The award ceremony is a old-style tea party ! 
Went wedding dress shopping with my mom today who is soon to be a blushing bride . I wouldn't call it fun in the traditional sense , but it was character building - kind of like eating broccoli made of silk and embellished with sequins . 
Getting ready to march forth on March 4th to protest the devastating budget cuts to California's public education system . Excited that universities , community colleges , and even elementary schools across the state are all making a stand together . 
Thinking about heading down to San < PROPMALE > for spring break which is the last week of March . Anybody have a cozy couch to lend ? 
Got to hear < PROPFIRST > Browning performed to the tune of Woody Guthrie as well as a whole bunch of awesome dramatic monologues . A weird day , but a good one . :-) 
Duck herding ... 
Using In-design is harder than I thought it would be . Curse you grids ! A pox on your perfectly symetrical houses ! 
Spring break's almost here ! Got a cosy San < PROPMALE > futon all lined up . ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) I'm going to be in town between 3/28 and 4/2 . If I haven't called or emailed you and you want to < PROPFEMALE > out while I'm in town , drop me a line . Life's been crazy here so my trip prep has been somewhat sporadic . 
On the road to South Cal tomorrow morning . Not sure if I'll have any internet access for the next week . I'll have my cell phone so give me a call if you need anything . Horray for Spring Break ! 
Had an amazing breakfast of chicken and apple sausage with walnuts , eggs with shitake mushroom and provolone cheese , and borodinsky bread yesterday . 
Still thinking about how great it was to see all my San < PROPMALE > peeps over spring break . Feeling revitalized enough to power through what promises to be a work heavy weekend . 
Just emailed out the roughdraft for my creative writing intro class syllabus . I was going to say something profound about that but it seems to have drained all my mental energy leaving me speechless and blinking at the simultaneous immensity and paltriness of the accomplishment . 
Burn out , you are not welcome here ! 
Siren song of the sun is calling to me through the computer lab window . Might just have to pass into the light . 
Had an amazing time at the Living Room Reading earlier this evening . Incredibly talented readers , fun conversations , and entirely too much wine ! Lovely way to spend a Friday night . 
Don't you just hate it when someone does you a favor and sort of screws you over in the process , but you can't be mad at them about it because they were doing you a favor . 
One more big push of effort on the syllabus ought to do it . The fact that the deadline's tomorrow doesn't make me nervous in the slightest . 
Went to the Stockton Asparagus Festival and got to see Blue Oyster Cult perform . Asparagus pasta + \Don't Fear the Reaper\ " = best combination ever ! " 
Did I mention I hate Thursdays ? Nothing good ever comes of them . 
I'm reading three times next week all in the SFSU Poetry Center . May 11th Transfer reading at 7pm . May 12th < PROPFEMALE > Revolution Reading at 5pm . May 13 Student Awards Reading at 4:00 pm . The fact that I didn't notice these three readings were back to back until just now is proof I need to start using my planner more . 
Correction : triple checked the dates on things . I'm reading at < PROPFEMALE > Revolution on May 5th , not May 12th ( I knew this when I asked for the time off at work luckily ) . Then the Transfer reading is on the 11th and the Student Awards Reading is on the 13th . 
Spent the morning helping < PROPMALE > edit for clarity the , soon to be finished , definitive article on the connection between mitochrondria and the aging process . Haplogroup is my new favorite word now , though I'm still not entirely sure what it means . 
Bird by bird , just take it bird by bird ... 
The good news : they're putting a new roof on the house . The bad news : wow that's a lot of hammering . 
By the way ... summer's nearly here , the semester's almost over , and I'm kicking the quest for content writing and SEO contracts into high gear . If you or a friend need some writing done , either print media or online , please contact me for a resume , writing samples , references , and rate quotes . I do excellent work at reasonable prices . 
Heigh ho , heigh ho , it's off to Kinko's I go . And so begins another Thursday . 
Figures the one day I want to get to work early every housemate in the building would beat me to the bathroom . What's a girl have to do to get a shower round these parts ? 
The JEPET workshop I lead today rocked ! The students were responsive and asking questions , and really seemed to get a lot out of the practice exercises . Almost wish I were leading more than one , it was so much fun ! 
Ok , I'll play : So you're sitting in a public\ 
place and suddenly you hear a song that makes you think of me . What\ 
song is playing ? [ Copy and paste this into your status update and \ 
see how many crazy songs you get in response ! ] 
Those evil-natured robots , they're programmed to destroy us . She's gotta be strong to fight them , so she's taking lots of vitamins . 
Is it a bad sign when you're 10 < PROPFEMALE > s into a\ 
poem and it still doesn't have a title ? On the upside I'm more than \ 
fine in terms of < PROPFEMALE > count for the long poem class . 
Transfer reading is tonight from 7-9 pm at the Poetry Center . Unfortunately I won't be getting there until 8:30 since I have class , but don't go following my example and missing a lot of talented readers . Get there at 7 sharp if you can . Looks like it's going to be an excellent magazine this semester and I'm not just saying that ' cause I'm in it . 
Today was a really nice day from start to finish . Was rejuvenated by lunch with Zhen , had a most enjoyable final Visions of Childhood class , and got to hear some talented folks read at the Transfer Release Party . All days should be so full to the brim with good friends and good literature . 
I finally figured out how to revise the poem I've been torturing myself ( and in some cases other people ) about for two days ( at least) ! If in the last week or so I jammed a poem beneath your nose and wrung my hands as you blinked at me and tried to give me helpful suggestions that I then argued with you over ... well I owe you one and you have my sincerest gratitude and most contrite apologies ... but OMG it's done ! 
Morning Thursday ! It's nice to have the long poem manuscript done . Unfortunately now I have no more excuses for putting off working on my desktop publishing final project . So close to being done with the semester and yet so far . 
Creative Writing 301 interview today , wish me luck ! 
Exciting day of post-school year frivolity ! A Mills MFA graduation barbecue and then a SFSU MFA graduation inebriated thesis reading . Feels strange to be done with my first year . Haven't the foggiest clue whether the time is passing too slow or too fast . 
Had so much fun yesterday ! Now it's time to get\ 
to work ... just as soon as I manage to stop the four horsemen of the \ 
apocalypse from galloping through my head ... a little too much fun \ 
perhaps . :-) 
So my partner , now has a master of science , and is soon to be an ex-expatriate ! Couldn't be prouder ( or more eager for this whole annoying long distance phase of our relationship to finally be over and done with ) . 
Academy of Sciences free day for the win ! 3rd Wednesday of the month - highly recommend it . The planetarium show was rad and only very mildly motion sickness inducing . And there were butterflies ! And penguins ! 
Fourteen Hills sure does throw a great party ! Wonderful readers and really fun dance music . It's how many months until the next one you say ? Pout , pout .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Ethridge is awesome in concert ! That woman's stage presence has presence . 
Everyone keeps telling me to be prepared \ 
for things to slow down over the summer , but after checking out the \ 
Poetry Flash events calendar and the Shampoo Poetry Bay Area readings \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , it seems to me the poetry scene round these parts is still alive \ 
and kicking . I think it's going to be a good summer ! 
Of course now that I'm looking for a second par t-t ime job there are a million full-time writing postions now hiring . If you're still looking for a full-time position you should check out < PROPMALE>'s List . Particularly if you're open to journalism positions , there's currently feast where only a week or two ago there used to be famine . 
\As if our responsibilities to each other end at\ 
Strangely schizophrenic weather we're having \ 
today ( not that I'm complaining ) . Left this morning all bundled up , \ 
umbrella in hand . Now I may just have to change clothes and go to the \ 
beach it's so pretty out there ! 
Oh joy , the summer mosquitos are back . 
Mom and her fiance have been successfully moved into their new house and I'm filled with a satisifying , yet sleepy sense of accomplishment . And I have a nifty new toy that just barely fit in the truck of my car with the backseat down . Mom is loaning me her bike for the summer ! So excited to be able to go bike riding again ! 
You know your wine club meeting is getting a little wild when someone feels compelled to drink the dump bucket . :-) 
\ ... a very special level of hell . A level they \ 
Dude , why didn't anyone tell me that touch football was awesome ? So much fun today chillin ' and grillin ' . Really lovely Memorial Day . 
I've got an interview ! I've got an interview ! Wish me luck ! 
Back to work tomorrow . Looking forward to applying first aid to injured essays . :-) 
You can see the floor in my room now . It's quite exciting ! 
It's official . Next year I am so not doing my election research three hours before the polls close . 
Dusting off my Indiana Jones hat to go to a showing of Raiders of the Lost Ark with a friend tonight ! Do do do do ... do do do ... do do do do .... do do do .. do .. do ..... 
Picking my favorite Portland person up from the airport tonight ! Really excited ! It's been entirely , unabashedly , unforgivably too long since the last visit . 
Went swimming with some friends at Lake Temescal . Perfect way to spend a hot day . 
I'm not going to recount the tale here because it wouldn't summarize well , but believe me that I speak the gospel truth when I tell you that I have ovaries of solid steel ! 
Sleep is amazing ! Went to bed at 10pm last night and feel fantastic this morning ! 
Looking for a doctor to get meds for this persistent sore throat . So far I've encountered a fascinating variety of dead ends and brick walls . 
My first SF Pride was extremely memorable . Wish my friends didn't have to go home so soon . Pictures forthcoming ... 
Saw Toy Story 3 last night . Highly recommend ! The writers struck a near-perfect balance of homage to the first movie and evolution of characters and storyline . 
By the end of the day I intend to have my room de-house-guestified and every poem in my portfolio wandering the wider world looking for a home . Can't believe there's so little vacation time left . 
Found a not half bad comic shop less than five < PROPMALE > from my house today . :-) 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is involuntary manslaughter . ( I don't know what to say about this yet . Glad it wasn't ' not guilty ' but still not feeling that justice was served . ) And the Prop 8 decision is likely to be in first thing tomorrow . 
Feeling a bit over-whelmed at the moment and I \ 
just made it home from work 10 minutes ago . Kind of want to protest , \ 
but have to research how I'm going to get there with street and \ 
< PROPMALE > blockades in effect . Not sure if coming late to the party is \ 
still an option . 
New writing group is meeting for the first time ever this evening ! So stoked ! 
All you need is love ... 
I swear there are days when my long-standing assumption that people are on average more or less kind and well-intentioned gets sorely tested . 
It's a remarkably small world after all . 
Totally fried from a long , slow day in a long , slow week , but still going to the Oakland General Assembly for Justice meeting tonight at the Continental Club ( 1658 12th St. ) . Come if you can . 
Really glad I went to the General Assembly for Justice meeting . Sure there was anger and hurt , but there was also hope and commitment to non-violence and positive change . And they're not just planning protests , they're creating workshops and consciousness raising events to empower Oakland youth and revitalize the community . Inspiring stuff ! You should come along next time . :-) 
Really enjoyed watching the Sorcerer's Apprentice last night ! It's really , really predictable ; but the special effects are awesome and the characters are likeable . A lovely form of light entertainment ! 
Just got back from a friend's house warming party where she ate way more lumpia than any sane person should ! 
Everyone on Twitter including < PROPFEMALE > Day says Inception was awesome . Starting to feel like I bet on the wrong horse when I decided to go to the theatre this weekend and see Sorcerer's Apprentice instead . Still lots of time to see it I suppose . 
So who's going to Comic Con ? < PROPMALE>' mom can't make it this year ( niether can I for that matter ) and would like some swag picked up for her . I can make it worth your while . :-) 
Just found out I got picked to read at Quiet Lightning on August 1st !!! OMG !!! I'm nine exclamations marks worth of excited !!! 
In bed sick all day reading comics and pining for San < PROPMALE > Comic Con . 
Heading to Galt to see my Grammy and getting a late start because yesterday's party was just a little too much fun ... 
Dreaming of < PROPFEMALE > dolls and severed heads ... 
Looks like I've got a quiet evening of writing , submitting , and reading comic books ahead of me . I could do worse . :-) 
Borrowing a laptop from a friend this week . It's true what they say . People with laptops really do have more fun . ;-) 
This might be the best sestina ever !!! http://www.mcsweeneys.net/links/sestinas/seanpenn.html 
And like magic I have enough units to get my financial aid on the day its distributed . Two of the classes are first choices and one is an alternate choice . Not bad at all ! 
Trying to stop using the word \lame\ " as an expression of an unfortunate turn of events because it's ableist . Anybody on a similar quest ? What's a good synonym that has the right connotation without being disrespectful to the differently abled ? " 
Finished the 6th < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim book ( which was awesome) ! Anybody who's\ 
been holding back spoilers on my behalf may unleash them at this time . \ 
Also , theatres can feel free to release the new movie now at their\ 
leisure . :-) 
I am going to , not one , but two parties today ! I feel like such a social butterfly . Lucky it's so < PROPFEMALE > today or else I might be worried about getting my wings wet . :-) 
Waking up at 9am and reading comic books in bed until 11am is pretty much the best thing ever ! Swear I haven't had a weekend I could sleep-in in months . 
Went on a long bike ride today for the first time in at least five years . My brain really enjoyed it , but my muscles have mixed feelings about this . 
Wow , that was a whole mess of Facebook spam I just sent out into the world . Sorry about that people I went to high school with . So , how ' bout that Mad Men , eh ? 
Anybody who knocks Twitter has obviously never tried #litchat , #writechat , or #poettues . Some great conversations happening ! 
To all my friends who were at Quiet Lightning : thanks so much for coming out ! It was wonderful to see your lovely faces in the crowd ! 
If you have a\ 
wonderful partner who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ; who works\ 
hard and would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , who's your\ 
best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your home and\ 
someone for whom you're thankful every night , then re-post this as your status ! ? 
Four more days until my trip to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
It's always something ... 
Did the clothes dryer have to be broken on the day I was planning to do laundry and pack for my trip ? Was that absolutely necessary ? At least they have free wifi at the laundromat ... 
Making a road trip mix CD for the big trek across New Mexico and Arizona . Anybody know any songs about these states ? Bonus points if the song has a traveling theme to it . 
Departing for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in a few hours . A few more things to do before then than I would like . 
One of the first things I did when I got into < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > was consume blue corn enchiladas and green chiles . Ah New Mexico , I missed you so ... 
Didn't expect my first trip to the grand canyon to involve a moving truck , but hey , whatever works ! 
In Barstow and buggering out of here as fast as I can manage before the temperature gets into the hundreds . 
Back in the Bay Area for a night and half a day ( for work orientation , yea work orientation ! ) then off to Portland ! 
Had a lovely work orientation today . Especially enjoyed hearing the disability resources center director's presentation on tutoring students with learning disabilities . 
All you Portlanders should stop being so awesome and fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with . That would make it significantly less painful to leave your fair state and city . Had a lot of fun while I was here ! My thanks to everyone who < PROPMALE > out with me and made my trip that much more memorable ! 
Went to the first session of my playwriting class this evening . Really excited to stretch my writing muscles in a different genre ! 
Had my first teaching integrated reading and writing class today . Those comp professor's don't play ! The words sink or swim kept rolling around in my head as we went over the syllabus . Should learn a lot though ! 
\Alots are known for their superior swimming capabilities ! \ " Introducing my partner to the joys of Hyperbole and a Half because it's the little moments in life that matter . " 
Folding doilies for my mom's wedding next weekend . Also , got my hair dyed and cut this morning for the same reason and it looks fabulous ! Pic to follow sometime in the near future . 
Successfully obtained Mom's wedding present . It's so practical it has a dual purpose . If the relationship works out the two love birds can bond over gardening . If it doesn't work out it will be tremendously useful in burying the corpse . 
Oh noes , it's the Monday ninja !!!! ( How else would Monday always manage to sneak up on me and shank me with its busyness daggers of doom ? ) 
Having serious entropy problems , but at least my partner's cooking ratatouille tonight . 
I think I may officially be in a Baltimore right now . 
In my humble opinion professors ought to give , if not twice then at least a quarter more time for group work , because communication and logistics take longer when multiple people are involved . Grumble , grumble , meh .... Just saying ... 
Packing up the car for the drive to Lake Tahoe for my mom's wedding . Not that I'm not beside myself with tender emotions over the whole thing , but boy am I glad she only does this once every couple of decades . Wedding prep is exhausting ! 
So my mum is married and headed off to her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . The toast I gave got some laughs and some tears . Tomorrow after somehow managing to stuff all the reception dishes and decorations into the car I'll be heading back to the Bay Area . 
Even if I can't actually rest until I've finished figuratively frying a fish , damn it feels good to be back in Alameda . Home sweet home at last ! 
Nothing fights over-whelm like ruthlessly efficient productivity ! 
My first foray into playwriting is not going so well . :-( 
Finished with a whole three minutes to spare ! :-) 
I have not missed a single deadline this week and I don't intend to start now , but egads it's going to be a long night ! 
has decided that group work is a lot like sugar . It gives you a buzz in small doses and makes you sick if you're forced to consume too much of it . 
Corn dogs , breakfast of champions !!! 
Breakfast burritos are my anti-drug ! 
And then of course my immune system turns on me too .... :-( 
My goodness I have a lot of pedagogy theory to read today ! 
How to tell if your study environment isn't conducive to studying : your housemates are playing pool and watching television at the same time and the walls are thin as paper . Time to head to the coffee shop . 
Finished with my comp teaching theory reading for the week ! Is there a ton of other things to do ? Sure ! But I'm taking a break to spend some time with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Not so sure about this whole Monday thing ... I figure it's a fad ... It couldn't possibly catch on ... 
\I think the theatre is a kind of gym for the soul . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bogart\ 
I got this week in the bag ! 
\We are made to bleed and scab and heal and bleed again and turn every scar into a joke . \"" 
Teaching a JPET workshop tomorrow morning . Sure hope I remember how . :-) 
So ... funny story ... 
Please\ 
put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on\ 
Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that \ 
people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The \ 
Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil \ 
Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . \ 
Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
So looks like I'll be moving to Daly City in October . We got the apartment ! 
Moving out on October 1st . Who wants to help me move stuff ? I'll feed you ! 
The internet is working again after a full day of dead . Oh , happy day ! Now off to my friend's wedding . 
Between my friend's wedding and Folsom Street Fair , I got to observe the full spectrum of possible human relationships over the weekend . 
I can't find the words . 
sleepy , but triumphant ! 
understands that fear is the mind killer and is trying to figure out how she understands this since she hasn't actually read Dune . 
Tomorrow is the move ! If you wanted to help and I haven't answered all your questions about the logistics please give me a call or drop me a line . 
Packing .... packing ... over the bounding .... Yoshimi !!! ( Why moving is not an activity that lends itself well to sea shanties . ) 
FYI : I won't have any consistent form of internet until Wednesday evening . I'll be in computer labs or at friends ' houses for my online fix . If you need to get ahold of me please call instead of email . Drop a line if you need me to message you my phone number . I'll have internet access for another few hours today and for another brief window tomorrow . 
I have internet !!! 
gets by with a little help from her friends . 
Thanks so much for the birthday wishes , everybody ! I'm really enjoying reading them ! Also , just sent out my new address to my contact list . I've probably forgotten some people , so if you'd like my address and didn't get an email drop me a line and I'll message it to you . 
Litcrawl was a lot of fun and I had a wonderful birthday ! A special burst of love and gratitude to < PROPMALE > Wagner , < PROPFIRST > Padraic O'Sullivan , Naamah Desmarais , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lockhart , < PROPFEMALE > O'Neal for hanging out with me for the whole evening and to everyone else who came to watch me read and/or participate in the lovely literariness of it all ! 
Hanging with the fam for a bit today , then rushing home to get some writing done . 
has declared today to be a poetry day ! 
And then there are those moments when , like the < PROPMALE > guillotine blade refusing to fall , you realize you're not as behind on your work as you thought you were and the world seems just the tiniest bit more forgiving and beautiful than it did ten minutes before ! 
Forgot to come out to facebook for National Coming Out Day yesterday . I'm bi . I know - * Gasp * - right !?! Now everyone do an immitation of my family and wave your arms wildly in shock and horror . :-p 
Anybody want to cop to being a master at resume formatting ? Helping a friend gussy one up . Their current one isn't bad , but I think it could be a little shinier . 
If the garb fits , go to renn faire ! 
Lookout ! It's an APE ! 
\Like\ " my status and I will tell you 1 . \ 
Writing , writing , writing ... today's a writing day ... hurray ! 
A couple hours after declaring it a writing day , I started to feel really sick and ended up having to sleep for a few hours until my stomach felt better . Looks like it's a writing evening and make-up time at work instead of a writing day . Bleh . 
The play I'm working on that needs to be shorter is getting longer and the one that needs to be longer is getting shorter ... 
\While the sad wind goes slaughtering butterflies\ 
Alright comp theory , you and me are going to tussle tonight ! 
Necessity is a mother . 
My internet has been down since Friday . I need to go kick some serious Comcast ass in the next day or two . Until then I'll be in coffee shops like this one on and off for online stuff . If you need an answer immediately please call or text . 
Internet's back up ! :-D 
I\ 
have an idea for a collaged poem experiment and I need your help ! In the comments , please write the plot \ 
to a movie , any movie . I'm looking\ 
for loose memory impressions . Don't write the title of the movie . Try to imagine you're explaining it to so someone who's never seen or heard of it . Also don't try to make it poetic . \ 
It's not that kind of poem . I'll message the finished poem to anyone who\ 
contributes . 
Teaching a time management workshop tomorrow ! After spending several days prepping for it and contemplating its approach as if it were my impending doom , I think I can honestly say that I feel like I'm ready and that it's going to go well . And yes , it took me several days to reach that last conclusion . :-) 
O.k. Halloween plans .... materialize please ! 
Should I be a unicorn , a cat , a pirate , or a space alien for Halloween ? 
Lots of business to attend to ... 
Giants won !!! Trying to be jubilant , rather than annoyed at all the car horns and fire crackers . 
Go vote ! Find the time ! It's a close election this year , so it's very important ! 
What does it mean from a legal standpoint that both the 2/3 majority vote < PROPMALE > and the simple majority vote < PROPMALE > passed ? 
dreamed about tigers . 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day everyone ! Don't forget to burn your Guy in effigy today ! 
is trying to muster the will to pull her head out of the sand and return to her regularly scheduled programming . 
, entropy assassin . 
If we were air pirates life would be simpler . 
Just say \No\ " to Christmas before Thanksgiving ! " 
Clearly I've opted for the joys of the complicated life , rather than the simple one . :-) 
Last night's reading was amazing ! It was so incredible to meet < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Kingston in person . Reading \Woman Warrior\ " in high school is part of what inspired me to become a writer . " 
Last night's double decker dark chocolate birthday cake with dark chocolate cream cheese frosting was a huge success ! Eat your heart out < PROPFEMALE > Crocker ! ( And thank you for the recipe , < PROPFEMALE > Al-Saadoon ! ) 
is remembering to breathe . 
I have sooooo much to do today ... 
Celebrating five years with my beloved today ! 
Who likes cats ? Who is also going to be in the Bay Area for Thanksgiving ? I'm looking for somebody to feed my cat , Yoshimi while I'm away . I'm leaving Wednesday morning and getting back Sunday evening . Chime in if you can help out on any of those days . 
is getting ready for an adventure ! 
is baking zucchini bread using an old family recipe . 
A 12 to 14 hour drive ahead . Portland or bust . All worth it just to see my chosen family again . 
Thanksgiving dinner was crazy good , and afterwards we amused ourselves with tales of doomed dwarf fortresses . Lovely holiday ! 
Taking Roz to Powell's today . It's the Disneyland of used book stores ! 
Hurray for being back in California at a civilized hour ! 
Tired of being the villain in the story , though I have to admit I'm pretty awesome at it . 
It was a hell of slog , but it feels good to be done with everything ! You were a mighty opponent Eng 709 and you shouldn't feel at all chagrined that I and my valiant group mates have finally defeated you ! 
So it turns out hell isn't other people after all ; it's relationship conversations . :-) 
is playing Rockband's endless setlist with her favorite guitarist , Roz . 
Been thinking a lot about what Christmas means to me this holiday season . I think it still means spending time with family , even if the list of people I consider my family has changed in the last year , and possibly even in the last few months . Going to spend some time over break reconnecting with the roots and branches of my chosen family tree that haven't atrophied from lack of watering . 
Had a lovely time playing badminton with a friend last night ! Haven't played since high school ! 
The last two of six loaves of zucchini bread are finally in the oven ! 
is trying to find some order in the chaos in time for New Year's . Wondering if I should start with my head or my apartment ... 
\It's been a long December and there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last . \ " Happy New Year ! " 
So lost wallet ( Roz's , not mine ) and sick as a dog . The week could be going better . On the upside the < PROPFEMALE > Connor Chronicles are spectacularly awesome and available for streaming on Netflix . 
Mourning and colds don't mix too well . The combination makes it really hard to breathe . 
My fever broke this morning ! Now if I can finally renounce my title as < PROPFEMALE > of tissue mountain I'll be in great shape ! 
The quest for a coherent argument for my trans theory paper continues ! 
So the little ice crystals falling from the sky last night ... would that classify as snow or sleet ? 
Starting to feel like I spend more time with my head in the 18th century than I do thinking about contemporary life . 
Had an absolutely wonderful time at Writers with Drinks last night ! If you're not attending this series you're missing out ! My favorite quote of the evening : \We love because it is good to love and not because we are good at it . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Kruger " 
Anyone else pondering doing NaPoWriMo this month ? I usually produce about a poem a week . Would producing seven a week be invigorating or insanity inducing ? This sounds like an interesting psychological experiment . 
Had a wonderful , if somewhat exhausting , time at Wonder Con today ! 
Checked out Bird & Becket Books in < PROPMALE > Park today . Wonderful bookstore and they have jazz concerts in the store every Friday and Sunday evening ! Must go back soon ! 
Does it make me a bad writer if I love research and hate writing research papers ? 
“Eccentric , double , duplicitous , deceptive , odd , self-hating : all of these judgments swirl around the passing woman , the cross-dresser , the nonoperative transsexual , the self-defined transgender person , as if other lives – gender normative lives – were not odd , not duplicitous , not doubled and contradictory at every turn . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Halberstam 
The time management workshop I taught today ended late , oh the irony .... :-) 
I think the manuscript is going to be called \The Wooden World with Wings . \ " I've got a little less than 72 hours to make it happen . " 
“When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure ; when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home” -Thornton Wilder 
The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans -- those who need it least . Only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . I am in that 1% -- what about you ? 
Thinking the title of the manuscript may have to change . What do people think of \Things I Say to Pirates on Nights When I Miss You \"?" 
I can't believe I'm printing something 93 pages long ! Also I can't believe it's finished ! 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . \ 
( Re-posted from a friend . Pass it on if you're so inclined . ) 
A couple of friends from work are putting on a Resume and Cover Letter Writing Workshop today at 4pm on campus in BUS 217 . Really good information ! Drop by if you're free ! 
Diving into comp theory . Hope there's a life guard on duty . 
Going to the asparagus festival today with family . Asparagus pasta and Smash Mouth bring back lots of memories from high school . 
I got a content writing gig ! 
The speed of life is so much faster than the speed of light . 
Bouncing back and forth between researching how to empower working class students in a composition classroom setting , and how movements turn historical moments of resistance into momentum producing mythologies . It is both exhausting and awesome to be me these days . 
Had a lovely time rockbanding and LGBT History museuming with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Reliford yesterday ! Wish she'd visit the Bay Area more often . 
And that's all the essay writing I can manage for tonight . Goodnight internet ! Goodnight Microsoft word ! Goodnight punch-drunk delirium ! 
Very nearly forgot to register for fall classes this morning . There are moments when I love Facebook ! 
Looking for that second essay-writing wind at the bottom of a glass of unashamedly cheap wine . 
“Always the past is altered to suit the needs of the present . ” –Joseph < PROPMALE > 
So close to being done with this semester and yet so far .... 
Don't forget to call your mother ! 
In other news Thor was awesome and rainbow bridges are shiny ! 
