your futures carved on your own stone . what you do today lays out the choices youll have in the future 

i plyed wii sports with my cousins i kicked as at waterboarding WOOT !!! 
I miss my ipod =( 
i can float like a butterfly and sting like a bitch lol 
i gotta sneeze but it wont come out 
F*CK philly im playing farmville 
yay i would survive a zombie apocolypse 
Warped tour was awesome !!! i got kicked in the face and my glasses just snapped in half on my face and it was hilarious because i found pants in the crowd . i shoulda kept them 
Tino- gotta love how you're always willing to do anything and everything for everyone , but they still manage to just throw it back in your face with a huge \fuck you\ " \ 
goin fishin with ace :D 
goin fishin again tonight woot ! 
goin to ihop with < PROPFIRST > XD 
< PROPMALE > with a cool kat named < PROPFIRST > for the past 8 hours lol . and i gots a new < PROPFEMALE > , shes pregnant and i found her on the street and she got attacked to i brought her in my room and have no clue what to do ... i named her sassafrass 
see the sky see the stars all of this could be ours . out of sight out of mind we've been through this a thousand times . you turn your back and make me feel so crazy . can you help me understand 
i feel like a dwarve among midgets :) 
todays not a good day i couldnt get up for school being so tired just woke up fell down my stairs and just burnt my mouth lol . but i get to see < PROPFIRST > for the first time today ! yay nephew 
i farted =P 
i hate all that is the 09 robot . its retarded like < PROPFIRST > 
my night got better im sitting next to a black guy who sings worse than < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
OMG TOSH . 0 JUST SAID WHAT WHAT IN THE BUTT !!!!!! 
ha < PROPFIRST > has bieber fever ! LMFAO XD 
WOOT !!! TRAPTS UP NEXT =D 
woot woot got accepted into ITT Tech today . 
< PROPFEMALE > is unhappy 
im sorry < PROPFEMALE > i do wish you the best on your birthday but im done with everybody for today . its only one and i want to go to bed because you guys make me feel like crap . good night everybody thanks for making me a used toy . 
so early ... ugh i want food and not to be up right now . this robot better work i had to work on it all day thursday 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > has the best music in the world . im cracking up back here 
i hate volunteer officials and team 348 . break our robot and the volunteers were just plain annoying 
dude i just made a concoction of different drinks into on and its < PROPFEMALE > good and it changes flavors in your mouth 
i love bates hes so clueless im texting him from timmys phone and he has no clue 
once again < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > has amzing music . i love his car 
dude im eligible to be on aminal planet ! im a rare species called < PROPFIRST > and i roam the wild streets of revere looking shenanagins to pull hahahaha 
dude greatest original pokemon , definately sandslash . 
i have gatorade in my lungs XP 
ha i beat < PROPFIRST > woot XD . i finally won 
< PROPFIRST > is the funniest guy ever ! i love this kid 
I'm not dumb , just residual blond seaped out from < PROPFIRST > . thats why i do stupid things . 
played frisbee and won 12 to 2 revere kids minus me versus the nutrons . goes to show revere sucks . worked on the robot and finished 2 projects . a successful day 
so many emo statuses XP i hate em all . can some please be happy i will love you forever lmao 
the writers from drama club liked all the kids i coached in auditioning . aparently being weird makes for good acting lol but i feel accomplished none the less 
hey my names < PROPFIRST > and I'm always hungry . since we are on that topic we should go to six flags . And < PROPFIRST > Calef is one of the most amazing persons in the world 
i dont get why i try anything anymore . no matter how hard i try im the one who screws everything up . i hate feeling useless . 
incomes mom ftw ... i hate my family . 
I'd like to thank < PROPFIRST > Petrello and < PROPFIRST > Calef for being the most amazing friends yesterday =P i love you guys . 
sometimes you wish you had a < PROPMALE > to say sorry for something you did but you know its too late ... all she wanted was to get closer and i shut her out for no reason . I'm sorry < PROPFIRST > </3 
im just a bad person lol . i dont know why im allowed in public 
i hate british people excluding Ziv . its 5 days and shes just ruining the mood . >.< 
i love stupid people , they make me happy =D 
yes if we were pirates < PROPFIRST > Petrello's house would be the pub and < PROPFIRST > Calef would be the captian and Mat would be the parrot that sits upon < PROPFIRST > s should lmao 
my name is < PROPFIRST > and i looove dicks and cheese :] <3 
kamras evil . to whom ever pulled that off yesterday touche 
so its not fair to my sister that i have to work on my birthday ? never mind i dont get to celebrate my birthday , if it messes with her schedule its a sin . 
i just talked to 11 years olds about pot thats revere for ya lol this city needs help 
yes i beat my second boss on expert in kingdom hearts whoop woop 
oh yeah beat cloud and cerberus on kingdom hearts on expert i feel like a beast lol 
walking to school listening to do you believe in magic . this is awesome lmao 
i feel like i can take on the world with my new hat so bring its ansem i will decimate you ! 
shabam i beat kingdom hearts on expert this hats amazing all that is needed to be known is skadoosh 
today is my kingdom hearts day i beat it on expert i finally beat sephiroth even though it was on normal but yes i am beast 
i raggled the fraggle in the saggle with a paper baggle . if that makes sense to anybody i love you 
lmao its < PROPFIRST > Cringle mind freak 
8 life bars left out of 50 if i die im going to flip out . lol im so wired on sugar right now you dont even know 
Sorrow is a fruit ; God does not allow it to grow on a branch that is too weak to bear it - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
There is more stupidity around than hydrogen and it has longer shelf life . - < PROPFIRST > Zappa 
it sucked to be bummed out and it sucked more that even the guy at petes roast beef knew . i need to stop going their but it made me laugh that he noticed . i love petes and their staff 
it needs to hurry up and just grow three like now so i can play with it and make it the most hilarious thing on earth . omg 
i went to bed at 6am woke up at 8 , sat through 2 seminars , went to a birthday dinner , played with my little cousins at the restaurant , sang all the way home with my neice , and now they are here and i dont have the energy to deal with them 
i loves teh black people . they are so funny . 
i made a belt out of one giagundo zip tie aand i accidently put it through the wrong way turns out i made it reusable . failure is accidental inginuity . 
failed inginuity again . tried to make an electro magnet and i made a taser . im a genius 
according to someone in my math class im like a solar eclipse i dont come often and when i do its something special lmao that made me happy 
i figured out i do what most people couldn't even imagine if they tried and i cant do the normal things most people can even if i tried . meaning i am destine to do great things and idiotic things but they will just sorta happen along the way lol . 
FREEDOM !!!!!! IT IS MINE ATLAST !!!!! 
ewww ..... < PROPFIRST > beiber -§- ..... he needs to be erased from all existance 
celebrating my bro from another ho and my sistah from another mistah 
dude i think im getting my third wind lol 
dude im gunna go lay eggs in his brain ! 
people say better is one day ... what they don't tell you is only you can make it that way ... and what they can't tell you is who your making it better for . now you know you can do it now the question is do you have the drive to do it ? 
you have to pledge for the stand of allegence . the great words of doctor garcia 
ode to snow ; FUCK OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im caged and i need a magical dog that can do everything and transform his hand into a key . even though this cage doesnt have a lock hell have it covered and transform his other hand into a lock and just save me 
< PROPFEMALE > Gatta is the greatest person in the whole wide world <3 
im finging crap . finging is a new universal word all must know and if you dont know we cannot tell you of its magical wonders . 
i learned how to piss people off . be my natural self lmao i love people 
you ever do so much for someone and they either throw it in your face or give the credit to someone else ? well one day everything will fall apart with out you and youll get to laugh as your revenge is handed it you karmas a lilo 
they made changes to the school dress code and under that they defined assault . you gotta love revere 
im gunna blow my brains out . i cant handle that thing or any of that class except for one person 
guess whos gunna be a < PROPFEMALE > !?!?!? this kid is cuz im awesome and good at physics and im gunna ruin < PROPFEMALE > Salahelddin's life 
doesnt understand why everyone but me is out of high school and all the drama has continued when they said i cant wait to be done with this highschool drama . guess some people cant live with out making up fights to see who likes who when everyone should just get along its suprisingly easy if you stop being immature . coming from me thats sad im pretty immature myself lol 
actually studying kinda . gotta brush up on physics because im now a < PROPFEMALE > and today was my first day and it was awesome . but the class is retarded so i dont have to worry aout failing them they will do that on their own lmao 
i shadoodled your flanjular glan and i liked it ! 
i need to go back to the psyche < PROPMALE > i cant handle anymore people right now this is a little ridonculous 
nagger when i say dont call it means dont call . its the opposite of rape which yes means no 
i may not be the brightest in the box , but i know im not a light bulb or a crayon . im a glow stick 
when are people gunna learn its not hard to blow my mind and once blown its just pffftttshhhhhhcchhkkkkkfffffnniieehhhh for awhile and one day its just stay like that and im gunna be permenately stuck doing weird body gestures for the rest of my life lmao people need to leave my head alone 
how many people get to say they play ps3 with their english teacher from highschool ? i do , playin demon souls with mr drewnowski . shabam !!!!!!! 
dude this vacation sux . i didnt sleep friday night left for conneticut at 6am on saturday morning worked all day till like 10 pm on robots and crates then < PROPMALE > out with friends till like 2am then passed out all day sunday and yesterday i had to work from like 11 to midnight at robotics . i want a redo or another vacation lol 
you ever feel like there nothing to do or to say anymore ? 
aka shaggy =D 
one more week !!!! =D 
dont try harder DO HARDER !!!!!!!!! 
i call shenanigans she just used my test to create her answer key . i shoulda put all the wrong answers just to make her look stupid 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE ROBOT IT WORKS AND IT WINS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i hate new orleans right now . i almost got arrested for showing < PROPMALE > something from the stand right next to it and the guy grabbed . e and was like call the cops 
home finally ......... so early 
ka-kahhh ! im now four animals in one im a dog a koala a spider monkey and an eagle all in one . ka-kahhh !!!! 
i love everyone so much XD i may be amusing to watch cuz im retarded but you all amuse me to so its okay 
i call shenanigans on your tomfoolery and will no longer stand for your dillydallying in our debauchury . 
