Happy thanksgiving to all !!! 

trying to make a movie looking for cast members and help !?!? 
Trying to find actors for an upcoming film project please message me if you want to help or join 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a goodnight 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!! 
its my bday 
to all my friends going this is just a reminder that my birthday party is tonight at 5 at the 3d arcade outside of the mall also its a costume party so if you want you can dress up bbut its not a must p.s. you are also allowed to bring a guest :) 
computer broke ekkkkkk 
Just got to school 
New Computer !!!!..... Again lol ... 
just got home got my hair dyed and cut the stupid stylist cut it to short though grr hopefully it still looks good though * fingers crossed * 
just added new pics of me somment them :) 
finnally got new pics on my comp 
looking for help for making a costume for the convention message me if can :) 
happy easter 
well of to college soon yay ... fun lol 
anyone got anything they would like to donate to my visual/oshare costume please pm me before sunday thanks a bunch 
You wake up everyday expecting to see the sunrise and go about your business i wake up everyday shouting for joy as i see the gleaming rays of light that bring life to this amazing world taking gratitude im still here :) 
long day ahead so ttyl tommorow everybody 
alright in a hurry pm me if can help with ride to convention me and jenn have no way to get there tell late please help !!!! 
well message me if can give a ride ill see in morning remember were in rosedale near almondale park 
HAD A BLAST AT THE CONVENTION MET SO MANY OLD FRIENDS AND NOW I AM SO TIRED LOL !! WELL HOPE EVERYONE HAD FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wishing i could help her ... god give me the strength to know what to do ... 
well goodnight everyone hope evryone is doing well 
listening to owl city oh so much do i relate to thoughs songs 
got back from long weekend need rest -.- ZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .... ETC . 
man this is great finally get a manga ready to be published and the publisher stops selling in < PROPFEMALE > WHY < PROPFEMALE > PRESS WHY ???? 
well got a haircut today super super short i dont even look like myself anymore eeep lol 
Happy fourth of july everyone ! 
just got back from bike ride ... sent in manga to a publisher FINNALLY living my dream :) 
Looking for help with inking comic pages would anyone be interested ?? 
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia mauhahaha !!!!!! lol 
tired worn out and hurting lol i have had a full weekend lol 
Memories\ 
Game-here's the rules- think fast ! Then leave one memory you & I\ 
had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot . \ 
Anything you remember ! Don't leave a message , post it as a comment . \ 
Next , repost this on your status & see how many people leave ... \ 
memories about you :) 
wow its friday already wondering if anyone wants to hangout this weekend ? 
Today has become my mongoose day mauhahahaha !!!! 
long day of working around the house and yard .... tired but worth it to help out :) 
good morning everyone hope everyone has a wonderful day 
just ran around in water with my family had a blast :) 
going to church tonight hopefully to meet some new people and just enjoy the christian surrounding 
a friend isnt only a person you go to when your happy and joyful but is a person who will be honest with you and help you when you need it 
looking forward to sunday hope everything will go well 
well people i enetere a < PROPMALE > contest on facebook so i hope everyone will vote . voting st < PROPMALE > s the 10th of august so yeah vote vote vote vote vote lol :) 
\forgiveness is not something you give to someone because you feel you have no choice . its when you forget what they have done to hurt you and love them anyway\ " \ 
hey everyone if they could would you please head to the veoh < PROPFEMALE > on facebook and vote for my entry , danzu chaos , as well as jenns entry , stages of bri , it would be greatly appriciated 
hey everyone if they could would you please head to the veoh < PROPFEMALE > on facebook and vote for my entry , danzu chaos , as well as jenns entry , stages of bre , it would be greatly appriciated 
so far im in third on the contest at least last i checked if everyone could do me a favor and vote for me on veoh ( the < PROPMALE > contest ) i would be greatly appriciative . thanks :) \ 
\ 
P.s. vote for jenn too she worked really hard as well 
hope everyone has a good day today :) 
everyone have a good first day at school :) God bless you 
done with college for the day . waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get out so we can go home . im so exhausted >.< 
at college waiting for jenn to get done with her class so we could go to the next class fun .... 
so tired from long walk ugg ... can't beleive its going to be 106 today and me and jenn have tennis >.< !!! 
stuck in the 5 and a half hour period between my classes >.> 
so im throughing a party for jenn tommorow at 3 at almondale park its going to be a barbeq and stuff so come please everyone . itll mean alot to jenn to see all her friends are there . its her 19th be day ! 
So happy to be with jenn on this 19th year of her life ! I LOVE YOU JENN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
come on peeps its jenns beday come join us at almondale park today for a fun bbq !! 
another school week has started 
feeling sick blehhh ... 
today has been the worst day i have had in queit awhile 
tired as heck but still looking forward to the day laid out befroe me 
realizing i have a problem vocally speaking in a library eepp to long was it drilled into my head to be quiet in libraries >.< 
been a long day !!! hoping i dont have a day like this again for a long time !!! 
tired need sleep lol 
been having a great weekend :) love my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :) 
tennis+eating to fast = sick x.x 
meow meow meow meow meow meow ....... rada 
tired but looking forward to fun with friends tommorow 
hey please all pray for jenn and my brother there going down to the beach on a college trip where they will be in fellowship with others learning about god . 
i ran into 2 people i never ever thought id see again 
For 24 hours you can ask me ONE question ( only in my inbox ) I will answer it no matter what . You have my full honesty . I dare you to put this in your status and see what people ask you 
43 “You have heard that it was said , ‘You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy . ’ 44 But I say to you , love your enemies , bless those who curse you , do good to those who hate you , and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you , 45 that you may be sons of your Father in heaven ; for He makes His sun rise on the evil and on the good , and sends rain on the just and on the unjust . 
46 For if you love those who love you , what reward have you ? Do not even the tax collectors do the same ? 47 And if you greet your brethren only , what do you do more than others ? Do not even the tax collectors do so ? 48 Therefore you shall be perfect , just as your Father in heaven is perfect . \ 
( < PROPFIRST > 43-48)\ 
isnt this just beautiful ? 
person a : meow ... Peron b : what ? a : meow meow meow b : what the heck ?!?!?! a : MEOW !!!!!!!!!!!!! .... rada B : ( runs away as fast as possible ) 
Love ... it truly is the awnser to all the problems of this world . Love ... 
dinosaur : what do you mean my meat isnt good enough for you ??? man : well heres the thing your extinct ! your all bones !! Dinosaur : sure and your a human ( in sarcastic tone ) Man : ..... 
MY IMAGINATION IS TAKING CONTROL !!!!!!!!!!!! I JUST SAW A FUZZY BROWN RHINO WALKING OUTSIDE THE CAFETERRIA WINDOW !!!!!! >.< 
ring if anyone would be able to give me and jenn rides to bc tommorow messege me 
so at school just got donewith jap . class but wont be leaving tell around 8 30 because of ride ugg .... 
bc is cold tonight very very cold 
hurt my ribs and back yesterday uggg i feel like im 50 
So the class was canceled 30 minutes before it started , funn , me and jenn were at school for an extra 7 hours for no good reason ... 
rawr boredom >...> 
ARRARRGGGG now i cant stand the avatar's creator he blatantly ripped off a great artist literally stealing every design from him look up < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and avatar and youll see what i mean 
so its morning again where in the world did night go uggg good morning all 
so extremely tired from school luckly today is the last day of school for the week 
hows this for a night i get lost on the way home from bre chans ( a path ive taken a least a hundred times before ) then i get stopped by the police and have helicopter spot light on me 
feels like i caught a cold ( either that or bad bad alergies ) going to get some rest goodnight all 
tired but cant go to sleep yet ... 
so tired been a long day though really looking forward to tommorow :D 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
so i hit my head pretty hard a couple of days ago and its pretty scratched and cut up as a whole though im good hope everyone else out there is doing well too . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone just got back in town last night from simi valley area hope you all had a great day yesterday 
good morning all how is everyone 
wow so tired at the same time i dont want to sleep >.< 
have a goodnight everyone :) 
i am a weirdo ..... >.< 
so hopefully ill see alot of you guys this saturday for my birthday . \ 
have a good night all 
<3 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > Vazquez 
so im having my 20 th birthday party this weekend and hope to see alot of you there 
i have a platapus for a brain 
man i cant believe im 20 now thanks all for the birthday wishes yesterday really appriciate it 
it is quite boring on these nights where i just sit at school but at least jenn wont have to ride the bus alone thats the important part :) 
if you are being bombarded by messages by me or comments please be aware this is due to the lack of things to do besides sitting here bored at college 
= : 0{P .... if you look real close its a face ... 
and this is epic \ 
|| ???? \ 
???? \ 
? (O) ? ? \ 
????? 
last day of college for the week yay ! lol >.< 
time to travel across campus will be back on in a minute or so 
it is finally the weekend .... yay i guess lol 
its been a good day :) hope everyone else out there had a good day as well :D 
playing boogie superstar with < PROPFEMALE > vazquez and gaby :) 
i have no idea whats going to hapen today but im looking forward to it either way :) 
just dyed my hair black will post pictures later 
just had pizza yum :) 
ack im up early again and on day i can finally sleep in >.< 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
off to school now >.< wont get there tell 11 ehhh .... 
really wishing i could just go home not feeling well ... 
Good morning everyone !! 
good morning everyone mesage me if you want :D 
have had a wonderful day and hope everyone else has had one as well :D peace and love all 
at school sitting here tell 2 ! lol oh well hope everyone has a good day :) 
uggg so tired !!!! >.< hopefully me and jenn both can get some good sleep tonight 
good night everyone !!!!! 
wow up early today and actually feeling pretty good :D 
Have A Goodnight all loves :) 
at school waiting for jenn to get out of class had a great day and for the most part the last few days . I love you jenn and i love my friends you all are great !!! 
last night was so fun ! i hit a fire hydrante and had my bike land on tope of me and was in the street luckly there was no cars passing and jenn helped me out , my computer screent hough is now extremely cracked :( 
tired been long day hope everyone has a good night loves <3 
long day already doing the lawn but hey least me and jenn get a bike out of it which is great :D 
Had a great day < PROPFEMALE > out with a great friend for the first time in awhile ( < PROPFEMALE > Miller ) and btw I LOVE YOU JENN !!!!! LOVE YOU FRIENDS !!! 
I love the lord i love my fiance i love my friends and i love my family ! <3 
HAve a goodnight everybody !!! 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted Him as my personal Savior . One person on FB has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you before my Father at The Gates of Heaven . ( Mat 10:33 ) This is simple ... If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . Just copy and paste . ... no shame here 
Git drop kicked by a squirrel today ... Yes really ... 
if anyone got a message from me in chat \ 
just now dont click it its spam >.< 
aggggg school can be so boring some days >.< 
