is off to work this morning ! Yeah ..... it's going to be a fabulous day ! Sunday Funday only ..... it's at work .. 

Is relaxing after a great party with awesome friends ! 
Many thanks to our wonderful family and friends who helped us get our house , food , decorations , etc ., ready for < PROPFIRST>'s party !!! We couldn't have done it without you ! 
is helping her Mother get ready for a neighborhood garage sale and hopes that everything sales so she doesn't to clean up next week ! 
Had a fabulous weekend . Great day at work on Saturday ! Homework finished ! Of course .... Sunday Funday ! 
is watching discovery health .... \i didn't know i was pregnant ! \"" 
tea bag on the eye = eating a banana = going to sleep soon = checking bank account wondering when the money tree is going to bloom ! 
Is packed and ready for Chicago ! 
Is home and working on homework .... feels good to actually get started and know that it will be finished way before the deadline ! 
enjoying so fabulous Colombian coffee this morning ! 
is ready for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to come home to Missouri , Girls weekend , and then vacation with < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
is going on a bike ride in the morning ... anyone else ? 
relaxing after work today , dinner with James/olivia , Jess/charles and < PROPFIRST > , and now holding down the fort ! 
home from work .. getting ready to check on some homework .. 
Is excited about this week ... My Sister and < PROPFEMALE > are flying home ! Girls weekend .. YEah ! 
homework , homework , go away ..... Come again another day !!!! or disappear ! 
This is your explorer's log as you begin to make your way into the dekest < PROPFEMALE > ingonitta : Your authentic inner world . 
going to the dentist and then off to the airport to pick up < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm finally home ftom St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
is taking a nap ! 
is getting ready for bed . 
Is a very very sleepy girl ! Excited about tomorrow with family and girlfriends ! 
Finished with the Mid-term exam !!! 
finally home from a long day at work ! 
sleepy .......... so sleepy ... BUT ... got to play with < PROPFEMALE > after work tonight ! 
Is excited about the Pageant tonight and flying to the Florida Keys in the AM !!!! 
just got finished with a 4hour snorkel trip !!! It was amazing ! 
getting ready for the last day soaking up the sun on vacation ! 
it's always good to be home !!! Ate lobster , dolphin fish , tuna , and shrimp with wonderful friends tonight ! So tired ... work tomorrow ! 
is in desperate need of some serious motivation for these papers due !!! 
2 papers down ... going to work now ! 
Still can't sleep .... this is getting old !!!! 
still awake !!! 
it makes you wonder ? 
why have i been awake since 4am ???? 
just found out that I'm ridiculously out of shape ! Just got home from running on the track .... 
is excited she finally got to go on a bike ride today ! 
is feeling great after work and a nice rollerblade ride on the trail .... and starting my last semester at school tomorrow !!!!! 
Did not realize she would be so stressed in this final semester ! 
is tring to go to sleep zzzzzzzz 
Just found out that I did great on my 1st exam today .... so I get to continue in the nursing program ! 
Why must I accumulate so many crows feet ? No more birthdays ! 
slept in this morning , is now baking a cake and enjoying some great coffee ! 
Is almost finished painting ! I can't wait until it dries so I can finish haning the blinds and have some privacy in the bedroom ! The neighbors are probably tired of me running out out of the shower to get clothes ! 
Just opened all the windows in the house ... i love the cool breeze ! Not sure if I can make it into the swimsuit for Sunday Funday ... a little chilly ! 
Needs help with my printer ! It won't print and after talking to HP support they want to charge me $50.00 to get into my computer over the phone and TRY to fix the problem !!!!! I'm frustrated and my neck is sore from holding the phone on hold for so long with HP support ! I love being in school ! It's my last semester ! I love being a student ! I love printers ! A 3rd degree in printers is next !!!! 
is trying to put down the new book and work on some homework ! 
is working on a powerpoint , missing < PROPFEMALE > , and going back to work mindset going ! 
Thank you to everyone who took time to help me with their opinions on nursing for our class presentation ... the input was awesome and greatly appreciated ! 
Is drained at the moment ! Ready for Summer to come back ! 
Received the lovley \on-call\ " phone call @ 5:30 am so I am now going to get ready and go to church ! " 
still drained .... ready for this week to be OVER !!!! 
Don't tell me about Grey's ... i haven't watched it ! 
Had a great time at Blitz 2009 .... now moving on to sushi for lunch ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
slept so well ... and is now off to clinicals ! 
got to watch the twins last night ..... thank goodness I'm just the godmother and not the momma !!! double trouble .... running all over the place ! 
on my way to stay the night with the twins !!! Hmmm .... ambien or not ? 
Is ready for summer 2010 ! 
Is not liking this \cool\ " weather ! " 
had a great weekend ... date night with hubby , wedding on sat , and then surrounded by great friends that night .... fun fun fun ... but paying for the fun tonight ! 
oh wow ! I have the butterflies in my stomach ! Yeah ! 
is missing my Poppa today 
Had a great day at work today ! 
Is getting ready for the Hesi this morning ! I hope my OCD tendencies calm down a little ! 
Just finished planting around 140 bulbs for spring .... the squirrels should beware if they snack in my yard ... i'm armed and ready for those little furry bulbs stealers !!! 
good thoughts about this week ! I need some sunshine ! 
Had a fabulous day at WORK ! Wasn't ready to leave ! 
is at the library working on crazy school stuff ! < PROPMALE > brain cell overload this am with only 2 sips of coffee !!! 
\Once you are Real you can't become unreal again . It lasts for always . \"" 
Had a fabulous day at work ... but is now lonley .... 
Had a fabulous day at work ... but is now lonely ... 
The < PROPFIRST > are in alignment to bring ONLY good luck today ! 
Is at a point where I wish time would fly by faster ! 
Each friend represents a world in us , a world possibly not born until they arrive , and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born . ~ AnAis Nin 
Pub Crawl tonight ... wondering if I \still have it \"!" 
Can't sleep .... this is out of control ! 
just got home from another GREAT day at work ! now time to try and get some sleep :) 
Just home after 15 hours .... i'm just a little tired ! 
I want the Strength-Wisdom-Grace package ! Strength to meet my challenges , Wisdom to embrace real life , and the Grace to be grateful not only for what I have , but what I've escaped ! 
is angry that her body dedided to wake up at 4am this morning ! 
just got home from the gym .... trying to relieve some anxiety ... i think it worked , considering my butt hasn't seen the gym since ancient times ! 
Simply exhausted and sore ! 
Officially running on fumes ... 
Let the prayers begin ! 
Thank you for the prayers .. they worked ! I passed ! 
Off to Work ... hoping the walk doesn't freeze my short , stubby toes !!! 
still working on the paper !!!! 
Happy Birthday Poppa ! I hope Heaven is treating you well today ! Miss you ... Love you . 
Graduation tomorrow and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > are home from N.C. ! Life is great right now ! 
is ready for Graduation today ! 
Off to Orientation ! 
First night without homework .... off to a Christmas party with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So Sleepy ! Missing those that I'm not with this Holiday Season ! 
is going to my 1st SLEEPOVER with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Is feeling the effects of the night out with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Using my new paints to create < PROPFEMALE > a little something for her christening next week ! 
is filled with excitement about starting my new position on OB today ! 
Is thankful for sweet < PROPFEMALE > to keep her running around like a crazy woman ! 
purple 
Just got home from taking < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to the airport to fly home to N.C. 
i danced with my sister in your bathroom because I'm awesome ! 
Ready to hit the road runing .... to get the heck out of dodge for some great fun wih Awesome friends . YEAH 
Just got home from Mom's surgery and thankful everything went well . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? 
Is happy she is in STL and there is no snow ! 
Is planning flight times to go see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for her 1st Birthday .... get ready to party down Magg . 
? IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings !!!!? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I AM ________ , I LOVE _________ , and I CAN'T STAND ________ ! 
Misses her < PROPFEMALE > Marie ... can't wait to see her soon .. amazing that it's been a year soon ! oh i love that girl ! She has me wrapped around her finger ! 
Ready for summer ! 
Ready to waterski ... Come on summer ! 
Kristin .... BSN , RN ... I passed boards ! Time to celebrate ! 
Love , love , love .... my job ! Now on to the hot tub ! 
Is excited to fly to N.C. tomorrow to see my Sissy and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Is having a great weekend ! 
Loves weekends ! Woo hoo ! 
I had a fabulous day ! I love the sunshine .... 
Is so thankful for the friends and family I have . What a blessing to have during this emotional and tough time . My grandma was the best and such a gem to have in my life for 29 years ! 
Had a FABULOUS day at work today .... and the greatness continued after work ! Thank you Thank you , thank you 
loves the sunshine ! What a perfect day to be off work ! 
Loves being kissed by the Sun ! 
Had a fabulous night ! 
Beautiful relaxing day ... church ... then off to a bbq and who knows after that ! I love the weekends ! 
loves days off , her pink robe , coffee , and her girlfriends ! 
has a little addiction to the lawn mower .... love to be outside ! Now on to dinner at a sweet girlfriend's house ! 
Rockin out in the AM is a sure thing for a GREAT day ! I love my job ! 
enjoying coffee on the front porch with the news paper ... ready to swim some laps in the pool ! 
The ZOO tomorrow ... I've been wanting to go for years .... Finally going ... YEAH ! 
Went to see \Alice in Wonderland\ " today .... it was a little different but a great twist ! " 
Has counted too many sheep ... and ready for some sleep ! 
had a fabulous day at work ... love it ... and the women i work with ! 
ready for bikini's , coconut oil , steamy weather , sunglasses , summer dresses , flip flops and my Girfriends on our \GIRLS TRIP \"" 
Is excited for a motorcycle ride tonight ... please no downpours , hurricanes , tsunamis , tornados ... this time ! 
Having a blast with my girlfriends ! 
just got home from an amazing girls weekend ... shower , packed the gym bag for after work tomorrow give than I'm able to leave work arond 7pm ! Wish me luck ! 
It's a beautiful day !! Just finished mowing ... now on to the rest of the day ! 
shopping completed ! Yard work done ! Now on to the pool ! 
is working on my bucket list ! 
So Happy Summer is Here ! Lake time to come very soon ! 
getting ready to use my giftcard from christmas for a massage today !!! Yeah for me ! 
Is excited for the weekend !!! 
I had an AWESOME time at lake Kincaid !!! 
It's a beautiful morning ... just finished a refreshing bike ride and now on to sip some coffee before yard work ! 
is excited about the weekend ! 
dragging home from work .... BUT ... i love my job .... AND ... it was a great LONG day ! 
Finally time to pay bills , clean up e-mail inbox , haircut , wax eyebrows , pedicure ! Today is perfect ! 
Why is it that Flinstones don't taste as good now as they did when I was just a wee little one ? 
Has an amazing day at work , got to leave ON TIME , and still made it to the gym .... nice way to finish off the day . 
Got to meet baby mcginty and laughed crazily at pauly shore tonight ... yah for sunday ! 
Is in need of a new playlist for workouts ... please help with some upbeat songs ... thanks ! 
Had a fabulous night at work ... I love my job and the ladies I work with !!! 
is trying to reach the point of being sleepy ..... but i just finished a beautiful bike ride and sun is going to be amazing today .... i don't want to sleep !!!!!! 
is excited she signed up for her first 5k ... Yeah !!! 
is wondering where the heck the Sandman is ??? This is out of control !!! 
Another fabulous day at work !!! 
Experienced an amazing day at work on Friday .... a special thanks to < PROPFIRST > Lavalle for being such an amazing nurse and individual and agreeing upon the paper toss game !!! 
smile with your mouth , your mind , and your liver !!! 
Great Day ... got to sleep in ... see my twin 2 year old cousins , got called to work ... it was fabulous ... got off work on time ... went for a great jog ... now eating some yummy salmon ... wish all Mondays were like this one !! 
another amazing day ..... now on to the hot tub to soak this dragging tush ! 
had a great morning ramping some curbs with the lawnmower !!! Now on to the pool ! 
Off work ... and headed out of town for a Girl's Weekend !!!!! 
had a good night at work with great ladies .... and a fabulous workout with < PROPFEMALE > this morning ... she's amazing ! 
clean house , clean laundry , clean vehicle , now out of town to clear head ! 
8 1/2 < PROPMALE > today ... and a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > morning ! 
Had a fabulous weekend ... spending time with Abigail , Eric , and < PROPFIRST > , cardinals game , shopping , engagement party , < PROPMALE > Drewes ... and girl talk until 430am .. PERFECT !!! 
great night at work , wonderful workout .. except the part when I realized I put my workout pants on backwards ... i was wondering why my crotch was so saggy ! 
Great night at work , a good am workout , now off to sleepy land ! 
Beautiful day ! clean sheets , yard mowed without ramping curbs or taking out solar lights , now on to a best friend's birthday party !!! 
can't sleep , can't sleep , omg .... just want some sleep .... night shift makes me crazy !!!!! 
Just signed my Mom up at the gym ! I'm so excited for her ... she available to workout anytime with anyone ... 
Got a big surprise tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and my Sister flew in from N.C. to visit !!! 
A Big thank you to all of my family and friends who helped surprise me this weekend ! I had a fabulous time ! 
off work from a great night with fablous ladies to work with and wonderful patients . Now on to some sleepy time . 
Just got finished rocking < PROPFEMALE > to sleep .. so sweet .. I love to have a baby in my arms ! 
getting ready for a motorcycle ride !!! Love this beautiful weather ! 
A big heartfelt thank you to all of you that wished me a Happy Birthday ! Today was a wonderful day .. started with a walk with my baby cousin < PROPFEMALE > , then on to visit our Meme with Sissy and < PROPFEMALE > and then to visit other family .... now in my fluffy hot pink robe ... 
loves this weather ... great for a jog before work ! I'm ready for Summer to arrive ! 
Had a fabulous night at work with wonderful patients and wonderful ladies to work with ! Love , Love , Love , my job ! 
This weather is not funny ! Come back Summer ! Girls night ... fun , fun , fun ... 
Great night at work ... it's always nice to work with ladies who participate in team work and have great patients is always a bonus ! 
10/10/10 .... it's going to be a great day ! going on a morning run .... so those of you who are on my case about running outside .... here's to you ! 
I'm pretty sure my body thinks that sleep is overrated .... i mean ... my heart loves waking up early so I can visit with my beautiful mother ! 
one sleepy girl ... great night at work ... and shed a few tears from delerious laughter ! Good times , Good times ! 
Belly Dancing class tonight ... hmmm .. interesting .. great fun ! 
I just finished my 1st 5k ! Everyone did such an awesome job keeping up the motivation ... Great job Libbi ! 
awake and off to mail my sweet < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > a surprise box from Aunt Sissy ! 
actually slept at night last night ! Now on to coffee , gym , seeing girlfriend's and their families in town , and then on to the venue with friends ! Great weekend ! 
Is ready for the warm sun , swimsuits , flip flops , and coconut smell ... ahhh ... only 2 weeks away ! 
A big thank you to the veterans ! 
Had a fabulous day at work .... now on to another great day at work before 10 days of a wonderful break from Missouri ! 
Goodbye cold and < PROPFEMALE > Missouri .... Hello warm and < PROPFEMALE > Belize ! 
Made it home safe and sound from a WONDERFUL trip ! Not so much feeling the cold weather ! 
Congrats to those who ran this weekend for St. Jude ! We had an awesome time , perfect weather and great time on Beale Street ! 
Yoga at 5:15 pm tonite .... any takers ? 
Happy Birthday to my WONDERFUL brother-in-law , < PROPMALE > ! 
cycling at 530 tonite ... the more the merrier ! 
Girl's getaway was fabulous ... not long enough ! 
Ready for a Fabulous day at work !!! 
Enjoyed a fruit rollup today .... tasty and I felt like a little kid for a brief moment ! 
Body Flow tonight at 530pm at Healthpoint Fitness ... 
Ready to start a fabulous day at work ! 
Ready for the start of the day after a great night of sleep and gaining chocolates , pedicure , sushi dinner , cardinanls game ... while only losing $15 ! 
Ready for a fabulous day at work ! 
I just registered for March for Babies . 
Packed and ready for North < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Excited and ready for work after an extended weekend ! 
