is asking for a decade in which there is just a hint of improvement in the way we treat each other . Too much ? 

Ahh , Atlanta ! Turnip greens , cornbread , country music , Pittypat's Porch ... < PROPFIRST>'s Attic ... Little Five Points . A city of trees . 
Been looking for something that would heal for nearly two years now . Home is it . Photographic evidence to follow . 
Results are in ... BINGO ! < PROPFEMALE > Pig is totally authentic . We ordered red-wine pork , green-tea pork , and six-month suckling pork . Kimchi was so good , even my family asked for more . Mom , who enjoys more than the occasional tipple , went wild over the baeksaeju ( ginseng-rice wine ) . Just hope she doesn't have a headache today . Pricy , but worth it ! If you're in Atlanta , look it up . Korea 1 , provincial American tastes 0 ! 
Wonderin ' how to keep enjoying southern comfort food without gaining weight . Doin ' more veggie plates , less pork and chicken . 
Today's menu was ... Lunch : Deep fried flounder , black-eyed peas with Texas < PROPMALE>'s Pepper Sauce , < PROPMALE > slaw , and corn muffins ; Supper : two slices of Cosmic < PROPFEMALE > pizza from the Mellow Mushroom . Somebody he'p meh ! 
63 kilos after all ! Still just 63 kilos ! 
Awww , no takers ? Try this one , from the same song : \And a woman needs a man ... \"" 
80% of those without health insurance have full-time jobs . 62% of all bankruptcies in the U.S. are because of unpaid medical bills . You cannot obtain insurance with a pre-existing condition . Enough is enough , time for reform . If you agree , please post this as your status for the next 24 hours . prop < PROPFEMALE > withers 
Well , alrighty , then ! 
The caveat of the world has changed . 
\My English ... is not very good looking . \"" 
Idle hands = Facebook's playground 
is going to a \Longest Night\ " service at Embry Hills UMC . It's a service for healing from loss ... " 
... a time to heal 
Yay !!! Momma's on Facebook ! 
is ready to go back to Seoul ! 
is back in Seoul . Warm cat by my side . But what time is it , anyway ??? 
still can't figure out what time it is ... 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? I hope for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 
has added some quotations on love and forgiveness to his profile . Please have a look . 
is adding more quotes on love and forgiveness . 
knows exactly where he stands , and what he needs . He knows what is true for himself . His soul is clear . 
Facebook feels more like < PROPMALE > than Windows now , with the Menubar at the top instead of taskbar at bottom . 
Couple shirts ... 
Someone whose opinion matters a great deal to me told me I remind them of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Wow ! 
Deadlines , deadlines . Dense Konglish to rewrite into sparkling corporate English . Hah ! I'm lovin ' it ! 
Owing to the fact that Facebook now requires us to publicize a bunch of pages on our profiles OR ELSE not include any information about interests or whatever , I've opted not to include any information . Nobody ever read it much , anyway ... 
Yes , we have a feline . 
Definitely on the verge of a very wonderful sea change . Do keep your eyes on this space ... 
Yes , and fountains of wine , too . Even more evidence of God . 
I was walking back to my hotel Sunday afternoon \ 
holding a Starbucks Triple Latte in one hand \ 
and a map of the neighborhood in the other . \ 
\ 
A woman in tight jeans with long black hair walked up to me \ 
holding a chocolate bar in one hand \ 
and a Christian tract in the other . \ 
And she said , \God bless you . \ " \ 
Who else besides me has noticed how much prices have dropped in Japan in the last two years ? It is now cheaper than the U.S. , by my reckoning . And Korea is the new \expensive\ " country . " 
I had to come to Japan to realize how \Korean\ " I am : I hand everything to others with my left hand under my right elbow 
Quiet people , the Japanese . I didn't realize it on my first couple of visits , but this time around , I find their manner refreshing , therapeutic even . Still , I'm glad to be going back to Korea , where I can use the language , tomorrow . 
Went to an onsen yesterday afternoon . Big difference between the Japanese and Koreans in how they use spas and saunas : Koreans go with others to socialize ; Japanese , even if they go with others , actually focus on their physical senses -- they meditate . 
Eggnog with bourbon . Yum ! I hope everyone is having a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy New Year . 
It was the first white Christmas in Atlanta since 1882 . 
