happy new year ! hope everyone had a good time last night . loving the new year so far . :) 

dont want to clean my room .. 
gnarliest room clean up ever .. ahhhh and now i have to work .. :/ 
work was a killer . want to do something . someone save < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Last night < PROPFEMALE > muchh fun ! Penthouse in Irvine . WTF ?!?! hahahah 
going to visit my dad and sister :) loving the chill day 
hoping this feeling is right , what a downer it would be if it was wrong , only time will tell .. 
babys crying , want to go home , and being tired not a good combination . really just wanting to go so i can call him . :) 
up up and away so whatever . blah work till 9 . 
mussiicc soothes the soul . :) 
soooo hungry . time to raid the kitchen . hahaha 
ahhhh i need to figure this out .. :/ 
music is seriously the answer to all my problem . <3 
im thinking nap time . :) 
kickin it with faith . doing the usual . haha . STOKED case is coming up !! :) 
dgafin it .. pillows keep hitting me . whats going on .. hahahah 
weekend !! must mean PARTYY ! txt me or chai . well let u know whats up . 
crazzyyy nightt !! whos down for another ?? 
clean up always sucks .. good thing im almost done . 
feelin down ... sometimes i just really want things to go my way but they never do . :/ 
i love the smell of rain in the morning . :) 
paranormal activity tonight !! hit me up if youre down to go . :) 
those late night drunk phone calls crack me up . hahaha . :) 
yea rain at 1 in the morning .. cant sleep . 
this weekend will eiter be amazzing or go to shit . which will it be ?? 
tired from basketball . full from chipotle . time to shower and go partyy !! 
i fuckkinnggg locvveee sannn diieegoooo . hahahhahah . :) 
back from San < PROPMALE > . had alot of fun . cant wait to go back . hopefully i dont come back this sore next time . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > tired , yet i dont want to go to sleep yet .. odd . :/ 
shower . going to sd once more . so not looking forward to the drive .. 
i really cant believe how inconsiderate some people are .. 
2 midterms today . chill after . dont want to get to crazy today . :) 
why i have a knack for fixing things i will never know .. watever as long as it works right haha . 
such a slow day . feels like it should be 10 . im ready for bed already . 
warm bed sounds sooo nice . i think its a date :) 
feeling good today . feelings of change on the way . that may be just what i need . 
damn u yankees !! just lost me money . not cool .. :/ 
car wash day . then work . then leave for vegas . ahhh . 
got up way too early .. tired .. but going to vegas should be a fun night . :) 
Finally home !! after 6 hours ... 
fingers hurt .. thats what i get for playing guitar . :) 
when will i ever learn .. 
had a good night . went next door , watched the fight , won 60 bucks , won 4 games of bp in a row ! i feel accomplished . haha :) 
work at 5 . possibly going to see 2012 tonight .. 
2012 was amazing ! If you dont think so you are crazy .. 
going to watch the meteor shower tonight .. should be a beauty . :) 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter key and right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it worked for you !! < PROPFEMALE > wierd it does work ! haha 
massive headache all day .. i really wish it would go away .. :/ 
running on 4 and a half hours of sleep . yea !! haha . clubbing or bp tonight .. help me decide . :) 
i swear 12 is my magic wake up time . haha 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
what to do what to do .. when all i can do is wait ... 
< PROPFEMALE > sick of this bitch trying to bring me down . its not gonna work and im still gonna do watever the fuck i want . give it a rest ... 
trapped in this noproductiveness .. 
i love how it all of a sudden starts pouring . gotta love the rain . :) 
what a night .. 
in my world everyone eats rainbows and poops butterflies . :) ahhhh . 
work always pulls me away from something .. but its ok im making money . :) 
off to barstow i go . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! hope everyones having a good one . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > coolldd . wish i had my heater . 
sooo excitedd !! 1 more hour . then long drive but well worth it . :) 
mocha 
rebelution tonight !! soooo stoked ! its gonna be a fun night ! :) 
whos ready for a straight week of rain .. 
chargers wooping some ass today . so ready to see it . LETS GOO CHARGERS !!!! 
get to go to barstow tonight . go see my baby . im < PROPFEMALE > ecxited !! :) 
died phone ... trying to find a charger since i left mine in barstow ... 
SAINTS ALL THE WAY !! lets get it done ! 
snowboarding today !! should be fun ! :) 
soooo sore its ridiculous .. ouucchh 
isnt it funny how a day meant for love can turn into a day of disappointment and anger ... 
tattoo today ! excited and nervous at the same time ... 
who the hell puts a hand grenade on the freeway ... fucking idiots .. 
crazyness going on in the world right now ... and its only the beggining .. 
work work work ... 
stomachs killing me . cant eat till bout 12 .. ahhhh 
about tonight . i need people to pitch in . so let me know if ur down . 
its nice to have a clean room .. now im just wondering how long its gonna last .. 
the music is what keeps me going , without it i would die . 
staying up for 24 hours has its advantages and disadvantages .. man am i gonna sleep good tonight . haha 
decisions decisions ... beach or go ball . hmmm .. damn u nice weather . haha 
going snowboarding with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . should be fun . hopefully i dont eat it too bad today ... 
i need a pick me up .. 
accident yesterday .. 4 hours of sleep last night .. and now i have to talk to insurance people .. great way to start a beautiful day right .... 
shower , clinic , potluck , then who knows ... today promises to be a good day . no stress and no drama . :) 
such an awsome night !! now time for a little sleep before work . 
only a month left for me in the oc .. then back to barstow i go . 
going to the gym .. 
i need a joco sesh < PROPFEMALE > oo bad .. < PROPFEMALE > sore . 
can my night get a little worse .... thanks .... 
having a strained groin sucks .. stuck on the couch and i work at 5 .. i hope this doesnt get any worse .. 
need to pack .. dont really want to .. only got 18 days left in the oc . 
gym was nice . good workout . now time to chill till work . 
gym 
im finally clean !! yay . :) 
love the mornings i wake up and start blasting music . :) 
last day in sc .. moving tomorrow . lets live it up tonight !!! 
Had a great night with my best friends in the entire world !!!! I love you all and will miss you all so much ! <3 
chicken pot-pie = <3 
the screen on my phone is broken so if your're trying to text me i cant read it . just give me a call . :) 
gotta love those all nighters .. especially when the car wont start at 3 in the morning at top of the world . hahaha . classic 
its sooooo hotttt .. 
needing my friends right now .. it sucks being so far away .... 
3 more days !! 
sooo closeee yet so farr ... 
going to sc today ! yaayy < PROPFEMALE > excited !! 
in sac town for a week . hopefully i can keep my sanity .. 
i love my babes . they all treat me so well . :) <3 
lets goo celtics . lets wrap it up tonight ! shut the lakers DOWN !! 
i love how i still get txts for parties and things from friends in sc . hahah . i love you guys ! i feel so loved :) 
finally home !! yess ! 
going to sc in the morn .. probably staying till sunday !! should be fun ! :D 
sooo fucking sick of this shitt 
Had a great time in sc as always ! and even got to go to sd to visit case ! :D i love you all so much !! <3 
New phone soooo stoked !! 
Need < PROPFIRST > for this new phone of mine . Since the < PROPFIRST > won't transfer ... 
Who knew one wrong move could cause this much pain ... 
Omgg first my back goes out then I step on a piece of glass .. if I could get even more hurt this weekend that'd be great .... 
Happy 4th ! Live it up ! 
< PROPFIRST > butlers oceans gives me chills every time I hear it .. to learn to play that song would be a < PROPMALE > accomplishment . 
Insomnia please go away .. I'd like to get a good nights rest for once ... 
So I've been looking at my phone screen for over an hour and I'm still not tired .. ughh 
3 hour convo with Shooonn great talk for the middle of the night and now I'm hearing birds chirping . Haha 
It's a done deal . Fuck yea ! Hahah 
Yeeeaaaa Spain 
Wish I could be at the beach .. It sucks to be in the desert ... 
The end is near .... 
Ever seen a fly get its head stuck in a screen door . Hahahah classic . 
Is anyone else experiencing out of the norm weather ... it goes from 110 to lightning storm in the span of about an hour .. 
I love thunderstorms , they make me happy :) 
Wow its 95 degrees already .. its only 10 ... 
I need to see my sc people soooo bad ! I fucking miss you guys like crazy ! 
what to do what to do ... 
Soooo stuffed .. blahh 
Phire that's what's up 
One more week ! Ahhh 
Omg the Simpson is hilarious hahahah 
Good to be home ! :D 
On the way to Vegas ! 
Feels Like I'm losing my mind .. will I ever find it again ? let's hope so ... 
How do I get home , if I can't find myself . 
Chargers looking good . Mathews is a beast ! 
I miss my boys ... :( 
why does this voice in my head torture me < PROPFEMALE > .. its not fair .. 
Tryin to get right . Gotta take those first steps though .. 
i hope these pieces fall into place and everything works out . its looking pretty good so far . i step closer to where i need to be . 
LA bound for the day ! 
Drinks flowing already . Hahahah . Gonna be a good day ! :) 
I just gave my rasta bracelet away to my little cousin . Well I guess that's another step . :) 
ready to sleep . and for the weekend to be here .. hurry up please . 
very good < PROPMALE > im getting my job back . goin to talk to < PROPFEMALE > this weekend !! man is this gonna be a great weekend ! Sooo excitedd !! 
I love the rain :) 
cant sleep to excited . or something . im ready to go ! 
Great night < PROPFEMALE > far !! We still got a long night ahead !! Hahahah 
< PROPFEMALE > wars family guy = my night maker :) 
This time next week ill be in sc at work ! Hell yea ! 
Lost words ... 
i think im gonna take a bath .. hahah 
and the boredom sets in .. ahhhh 
i love those random thoughts that put a smile on my face :) 
Came down the hill to shop , going to Vegas tomorrow to get my car , then sc on Tuesday ! Stokedd !! 
I'm up to early ... I'm grumpy .. not cool . 
Smashin on this fifa 
One more hour of driving .. 
First day back at work was a success :) 
A lot can happen on a friday night 
Gotta love those morning fart talks .. hahahah 
Whyyy Whyyy .. Chargers you need to step it up BIG TIME ! 
Goodbye Professor Bio .. you will be missed greatly 
FOODDDD i need Foooddd 
Today is going to be a great day . And It all starts in 2 hours :D 
Harbor house 
Ugghhhhh 
mellow mellow mellow <3 
Spontaneous human combustion - people blow up for no reason 
issa was here on your < PROPFEMALE > ! heres the proof 
what is this and why cant i figure it out ahhhhh 
issa strikes again ! 
Bedtime :) 
I hate the dmv .. 
It's official , I now have a car registered to my name . WooHoo 
That's bullshitt !! I'm pissed 
i wish dreams were real 
Think think think .. I need to get out of my head 
anyone want to beach it today 
i love Sundays football all day :) 
i am happy today \ 
this not like other days\ 
somehow i feel ok , somehow i feel ok\ 
:D 
A white Russian widow with an AK-47 = BOMB 
blah blah blah .. sometimes i feel like thats all i hear 
the only time i will root for the pats is when they win me money ! hahahah but i still hate them ! 
Iceblocking ! 
and the soreness kicks in .. lets play more games and get even more sore tonight :D 
Good wake up call :) 
This thought constantly swirling around in my head . Yet I can't figure out what to do about it . The one thing I can't figure out .. 
I guess there's a first for everything ... 
Cheesecake Factory :D 
Bummin .. But that will all change . headed to SB for the weekend !! 
< PROPFIRST > Barker at smokeout ! Omgg !! 
kicking it with the dust man and shooonnn ,, work at 5 $$ 
I'm loving this thunderstorm ! 
Nobody will understand because nobody will listen 
Pb with the shoon :D 
Dropped my phone in the toilet last night . Let's see what happens tonight 
Fear and loathing from the things that matter most .. why is that .. 
i would loovveeee some chicken noodle soup right about now . 
Bullshitt .. 
Music is key for me to survive in this madness and chaos 
productivity is what i want to accomplish today . lets get it done 
It's nice to get away and just listen to good music with the waves crashing in the background <3 
feeling a little better today . yess hopefully it stays that way . no more coughing . 
Mamas almost here with the bro . Awesome 
Crazy busy at work .. can't wait to get off :D 
And the night begins !! 
this is bullshit 
what to do , what to do .. i guess its time to step up 
6-0 tonight . Awesome !! 
Strobe - deadmau5 ,, can't get enough , love this song 
Dolphins at califia :D 
Universal studios today with family for my daddys bday ,, buca di beppo for dinner ,, now time to go rage it :D 
Zombies on COD Black Ops ! Ahhh < PROPFEMALE > fun ! 
oncer agian issa strikes again 
Wow ... awesome ! Hahahah 
O . T . L 
That was classic ! 
this headache needs to go away ... 
Work , work , work , that's all I seem to be doing these days .. 
Staying away from the goose for a while .. 
Yet another adventure with the shoon 
It's Friday ! Which means time to party ! Letting the captain lead the way tonight :D 
Oo baby baby , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la :D 
Best nachos ever at Hapa Js ! :D 
Now that's a way to bump heads . Haha . Ouch ! 
I get to sleep in my bed ! :D 
Today is one of those I'm gonna get hurt all day type days .. and its all gonna be Achilles's fault .. hahah 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Funniest Christmas morning ever . Hahah 
I dont fuck with you while you're sleeping , so don't fuck with me while I am .. a little respect\ 
would be nice ... 
Gym felt amazing ! 
old school hip hop <3 
Boom boom bass bass <3 
Bed 
going shopping , and buying my school book today . woo hoo :) \ 
may even get some chick-fila today :D 
I cant move my arms ... ouch ! 
Another successful night in temecula ! Always fun ! 
Lord of the rings marathon .. 6 hours of my life gone .. hahah 
Pissed .. 
Mother nature pulled a fast one one me .. :/ 
If only if only ... 
Let's go packers !! 
TGIF ! 
Lazy Sunday :D 
Spring break is definatly turning out great ! and Vegas next week ! Woot 
Why do so many artists jock other artists beats .. makes no sense .. 
leaving for vegas in about an hour or 2 .. i got a long day of driving ahead of me .. yeaa 
In Vegas for a week . 
i havent been up this early in i couldnt even tell you how long .. 
F u < PROPFEMALE > ... f u 
Gettin tatted 
Fried chicken , string beans , and mashed potatoes !! Sooooo bomb ! :D 
4 hour drive ahead of me today .. great . 
Back in town finally .. 
Haven't worked in a week . Excited to get back to making money . :) 
Another day , another dollar 
