2009 - You were not a very exciting year for me . You only left me with more wants and desires that I started out with and all without accomplishing much at all . I think deeply about the year and I only see a person I hate and never wanted to be . So I ask myself what I should do differently this time around . I'm going to try something that is simple yet complicated . 

Motivation is not crafted out of thin air while waiting . It's created by doing despite how we feel . 
Hate it when I'm tired but can't get myself to go to bed . 
Things are changing for the better it seems . 
Who is your daddy and what does he do ? 
Started live Journal up again but actually using it as a journal . fun fun 
My doctor wanted more blood from me today . 
Is hungry ! 
My knee is swolen 
I'm a sexy beast ! muha ! 
can't sleep 
Bruised and bleeding from multiple locations . The joy of being a man ! 
Tired but can't fall asleep T.T 
Had super crazy dreams last night 0_o ! 
mmmm .... very sleepy -_- 
Got 5 hours before I got to wake up .... ah , good times indeed ! Does suck I'm not even tired yet 0_0 ... 
I am a sexy beast ! 
One day down XP 
Downed three drakes in 10 man today and enjoying pvping . Title is really neat as well . 
Three day weekend for the win ! 
Rawr ! 
is a little depressed this evening . Will have to say though that I totally prefer old barbers cutting my hair then any hot chick . 
I'm tired and had a fun day today XD 
Good to be home and happy to sleep in his own bed once again . 
Life is very dull and boring as of late . Wonder how I can spice things up . 
is sick of his life . 
Not even tired yet 0_o ! 
Weee ! Just waiting to get tired so I can go to bed ... 
Been a few weeks since I dropped in .... Well that was fun , cya all in a few more weeks . 
I'm shutting off my phone this weekend so the best way to reach me is through skype or my home number . I'll reactivate when I can get my finances under control . XD 
I got a silly cold that makes me want sleep all the time .... very sleepy .... si 
I also got a job with those vector dudes selling high quality kitchen and garden tools . I get a base appointment pay whether or not the product sells . This means I need everyones help in getting appointments ! XD 
Weeee ! 
I think I'm screwed 
I'm not going to lie , I'm waiting for wow to be back online . Take it or leave it . <('_'<) 
While waiting I'm reinstalling windows on my laptop and I think it reset it to power saver so It's going at the speed of snail . I think the snail would win .... 
Whelp ! I'm bored- guess i'll take a nap XD 
Making up for the times I missed class XP . Would I go if I had a second chance ?... Nah ! 
I believe I passed my test so I can move into harder stuff now 
I wish Zoosk was a petting zoo so I could go pet all the animals ! 
woke up thinking I'm a vietnamese prostitute that had a wild night spanking < PROPMALE > decaprio and getting choked by a huge black boa constrictor . on the bright side i have pink eye . it is awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and now it's time to be as selfish as possible before our new year resolutions come to ruin the party . XD 
Was suppose to get off work at 8:30 but instead just got off work , yay !!! So Happy New Years !!! - I spent mine polishing some steel , what did you all do ? I did make 120 in tips though . 
WEEE !!!! looks like I'm going to hit 40 hours this week at work even though i was scheduled for 20 . 
I'm bored 
Told myself I would wake up at 6AM today . Not even close to be tired though . I hope I have the willpower to force myself up . 
Avatar was good . Now I'm back into my rat cage . 
Waiting for the blah blah to end so I can go pew pew pew . 
I can't sleep for the life of me . I'm going to be hurting later on . 
Ended up staying up all night again . I'm very tired now so I'm going to take a small nap . Hopefully It won't last 8 hours this time . 
I'm so freaking bored I could die ! 
Oh i'm so hot ! 
looking for work 
Wants to return to Bountiful 
I got to use one of these videos in my powerpoint for school . Let me know which one/ones you like best . You can just like it or comment on the ones . Thanks 
So screwed for the test tomorrow 
Shutter Island was a very good movie . 
ug , I'm lonely . I hate it when I get weak like this . 
Man it's only wednesday ... I want the weekend so I can be lazy and party . XD 
That was a stressful drive home . 
I had twinkies stuffed with whip cream for dinner . 
Sat is over and I am now a very sad panda 
haha ! What are some must have songs/bands . I'm trying to work up a collection for work . 
Hey peeps , I lost my phone about a week ago and now have a new one . yay .... I have no < PROPFIRST > so please text me with your name or email me with your number so I can get my address book back on track . 
My boss is kinda dumb . Asked me to go home a little early and at the same time told me I had to make it up tomorrow . WTF . 
I'm sorry to all those who like smart phones but I think they are a money pit waste of time . The average smart phone runs over 400 and even if you get a \discount\ " they only make it about 240 dollars cheaper and your monthly plan runs about 10 dollars more(which is funny because the no contract plans cost less then contracts mmm ... ) . Not to mention you have to spend extra money to have internet on the stupid things . " 
Gah ! It's only Monday . Four more days to go . 
Went to McD to get me a breakfast samich and I recieve no egg but two slices of greasy sausage . 
After making myself as poor as I have every been- I have made my car drivable once again . Speaking of poor , want to sell my body for work . XD . 
Grr .. Bored and can't sleep 
I'm a little sad , the path of the titans feature has been scraped . Sounds like they are just going to be doing a medium glyph 
NDA on wow has been lifted . I'm really excited about warriors because fury is going to be fighting completly different and I'm seeing a few brutal combinations with pvp as well-concussion blow with arms spec XD . I may even have to try and build a fury pvp build since MS will not so mandatory . Also looking foward to how well one handed TG works out . 
I just realized that wowhead hasn't fully upgraded their talents yet so I've been using mmo champion atm 
I haven't posted in a while . So there I posted XP . I'm also looking for some good job leads if anyone's heard anything . 
Want to go to bed but I'm not even tired . 
It was a hot day to go hiking . I'm a little burnt from it and completely drained of energy . 
I'm very bored and it's Friday . I think I might have to go visit some friends and earn a few restraining orders . XD I think I'll start with < PROPFIRST > . 
I also want to state my Nerdom . I'm super excited for warriors in Cata . I think blizz is successful with the arms tree because I want every single talent but don't enough points to get thems all . 
Back from Yosimite 
Woot 5 hours of sleep 
Going to < PROPMALE > a bank , who's in ? 
Just took the best epic nap ever . 
Just spent most of my day cleaning every inch of my room to help prevent spiders from moving in . I hope it works . 
Very tired but having a hard time finding my bed . 
Starts training to be an amazingly freaky fast delivery driver this Friday . 
Today is looking to be a very boring day . I'm totally free if someone wants to do something but I'm also lacking that thing called cash so can't do anything fun . :( 
NOOOO tomorrow is Monday , the horror !!! 
Mmmm starting work during the worst two weeks of school . Time to turn into Zombie < PROPFIRST > . Also worked a 9 hours shift today and have much homework . I'm a sad panda . 
So tired ... so sleepy ... need a way to motivate myself to do homework . 
I've got me Sat night off ! Looks like I do need to create a costume . 
I NEED GLUE !!!! 
I'm in English and I want to sleep ... 
Occult Academy is a very good anime 
I love math ! Can't think of a better way to spend four hours . 
Not going to lie , kinda depressed as of late . 
Does not feel well . -_- 
Man I want a milkshake ! 
The only thing stopping me from my bed is standing up . You win again gravity !!! 
warmest ice fishing trip I've ever done . I'm a little burnt . 
I feel weird today 
So ... The store manager just quit , my assistant manager just quit , and one of my favorite co-workers just quit . Work was interesting . 
