is going to enjoy today with Mom and see my love tomorrow :) 

soooo excited :) 
is so happy&hearts ; 
la la love you . 
lets it all roll off her shoulders :) 
is having the best time with her man :) 
is at the tiki bar , having a beer , with best friends <3 
tiki bar tonight ! yay ! 
sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together & hearts ; 
is overwhelmed . c'mon wednesday . 
loves nnaps with her < PROPMALE > !! 
is going to have a beautiful day with Matt&hearts ; 
is going to have a great night with friends :) 
is going to have the best week ! < PROPMALE > festival , < PROPFEMALE > is visiting , shopping , seeing < PROPMALE > . 
is Paranormal Activity and Zombieland today ! Yes ! 
had a great day and things are only going to get better this week ! 
is going to see 2 of my favorite people this weekend ! Things couldn't get any better than that ! 
is waiting for my man to get home so we can have a wonderful day together ! 
is so excited for everything ! Graduation , Christmas , New Years ! 
has never been happier . 
so happy to be home with my hysterical , slightly insane , family & hearts ; 
... I'm so blessed to have the best boyfriend , family , and friends . Life goes on and it's in God's hands ! 
didn't get the < PROPFEMALE > ... Big mistake :) 
... Feeling sorry for youself is not attractive :) 
... When it rains , it pours . But I've got a big umbrella . 
WANT BIG < PROPMALE > . 
... With salt in my hair and the sand in my toes , I'm so happy . 
can't wait for shopping , movies , and wine with Mommy . 
... Going by me doing 80 mph and a wheelie makes me think you're an idiot , not hot stuff . :) 
... Missing my Mattieboo . 
is watching the Graduate and loving the < PROPMALE > and Garfunkel soundtrack . 
was loving this hot weather until my car's A/C went out . My booty is frying on these leather seats ! 
couldn't be happier & hearts ; 
can't wait to spend time with my loverman ! 
... LIFE ! I LOVE IT ! 
wishing I could go back to kayaking with my love and the dolphins ! 
is blessed because Jesus loves me ! 
... wish my name was < PROPFEMALE > White so < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne would sing to me !!!! 
is going out on the boat with my love , Kev and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
... birthday week to commence in about 6 hours . I couldn't be more excited !! 
thinks nutella on a bagel with apples can cure even the crappiest of days . 
is the luckiest girl to have a boyfriend who brings home surprise cupcakes and donuts after work&hearts ; 
watching Miami Animal Police makes me want to adopt 20 needy animals :( 
my boyfriend comes back on tv September 26th ! Ahhhhh so excited ! 
... kidneys , who needs em ! 
seriously has the best mommy ever in existence . 
FMK .... haha 
feels like pulling a < PROPFIRST > Costanza when the sheets are tucked in !! 
can't turn my thoughts off long enough to fall asleep ! 
... you've set on me but you were not the sun . 
... cause I still love to wash in your old bathwater , love to think that you couldn't love another , share a toothbrush , you're my kind of man & hearts ; 
absolutely hates existentialism . 
very productive day ! Life , I love it !! 
tears can get a girl out of almost anything :) 
if anyone wants a chinchilla , email me for details ! I have to move and won't be able to take him with me . :( 
... I don't know which is more agonizing : watching everybody loves < PROPFIRST > or going to the doctor . A 
... All the nightmares came today , it looks as though they're here to stay . 
has had the best year and a half of my entire life . I never thought I could be so in love <3 
so excited for pumpkin pie ! 
lubriderm ..... makes you smell like a grandma and feel like a baby's butt . Love it ! 
owwww ... Starbucks why you no loff me !?! 
ending this night with a bottle of wine ! 
HAPPY HAPPY , JOY JOY . 
loving the little rascals ! 
is the happiest girl because I have the best boyfriend and family <3 
glass of wine to remedy a shitty Monday ? I'll make it three :) 
... < PROPFIRST > Quaid on < PROPFEMALE > nearly makes me vomit from laughing so hard . 
has got a mouth like a sailor . 
... I don't know what I'm doing driving a honda accord . I need a mustang !!! 
... it's a melancholy day . 
... nice girls finish last . 
... there is nothing better than a long , hot shower , yoga , an iced hazelnut latte , and lunch with my bestfriend . 
... life is too short to worry about what other people think . It's all rolling off my shoulders :) 
I GOT ACCEPTED TO MY FIRST LAW SCHOOL ! YAY ! Hard work is finally paid off ! 
