Just got out of a 28+ hour I.V. electroliete fluid replacement stay Happy 2010 ... oh and I HATE Cold Weather .. and viruses 

why dont all my friends who are on line apear in chat ? 
need energy pack 
need MW cell phones 
home safe and sound from cullan bash 09 
slumber party for my nephew D . 
electrolite high ... Fun 
needs a life coach 
very wierd right now 
nasty 18 hr . germ on sunday with no after affects or system setback ... diagnoisis It's just < PROPFIRST > again ... wierd right 
back to my normal today ... yay ! 
is back to my normal and working on time management 
took time out from tech willpower strained 
conserving energy for a big week of productivity ... if I can ? 
Productivity 10% 
19 item to do list for extended plan outlined ... now to start 
passed check for swine flue ... it fears me 
yet another < PROPMALE > at productivity 
struck by a < PROPMALE > the cat Monday ; Productivity Tuesday ? 
Tuesday on track 
clean slate for fall term 
will spend the weekend doing ? ideas my friends ? 
Monday ok ... the Weeek ????? 
thurday hope for a productive weekend 
spent the weekend viewing the coverage of the late Sen. Kenedy 
will try for a productive week ... if I can 
Doctors lifted fencing ban ... yay now I can spar and teach 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
productive day but still dissapointed my last few posts didn't get more reaction 
Tell you what ... let me run Healthcare , Education & the Economy and we will all sleep well 
feels all Americans have a right to sense of humor If you do not have a sences of humor I will appoint one free of charge 
is glad to have been raised with a repect for civility and good manners . Also , Sad it is not the same for evreryone ... even in the House . 
over slept until 11:50 day a waste Shame on me . 
is mindless today 
weekend was shot but monday is great as I get out of my hermatige 
is high on electrolites tonight 
slow day today but a great week overall 
is working on her CV and trying to find a free party room in Omaha for a Honor Society function input for both welcome please 
Working out mentaly 
Planning .... 
new week new adventure 
need a change of scene ........ Now ! 
changed to fall wardrobe knew my scene was getting colder 
electrolite overload or Fri . will vedge this weekend 
what happened to the main < PROPFEMALE > feed ? 
my computer needs dialsys 
what should I be for HW ? Need input . 
new haircut ... I am human again 
no retreat ... no surrender 
brain on overdrive can't sleep 
is on the Jazz ! 
why doen't chat show all my logged in friends ? 
cleaning my cave for winter hybernation 
Will be the 21st century < PROPFIRST > D . Come allong for the ride 
Please discribe me in 10 words or less . No Joke 
needs a personal < PROPMALE > domo 
is being eaten by a shark 
If you have a < PROPMALE > , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status - you'll be surprised what people remember about you .. 
is looking for creative , leagal , reliable means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund . Ideas please ? 
is looking for creative , leagal , reliable ( scam free ) means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund . Serious input needed please ? 
new profile pic is on my ooo shiny list 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
thinks humans get jipped by lacking the ability to hybernate 
verify your accounts friends or poof your gone ! 
everyone on my holiday list gets a cup of snow ... enjoy 
Holiday too soon I need more time 
excited for family wedding this weekend 
too cold here 
is not the successfull Holiday sneek she once was . 
night is day and day is night sleep upsidedown 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone --- Party at my place if you can excivate your way here 
the process for new year resolution planning is now open for submissions . Please let me know what improvements you would like me to make . Thank You . T . 
Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friendsabout 
Happy New Year ... now pass the Tums so I can go to bed and forget this year ever took place . 
is now accepting new years resolutions to be enacted , please be specific . Thank you . 
2010 my year 40 + 40 just resolution 1 need 9 more 
useing the snowtime to plan 2010 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you)32 minutes ago 
has outdated computer data and photo files that won't open or are listded as type unknown needs to poen and update them any ideas ? 
dislikes the fact that typing too fast makes her look like she doesn't know how to spell or communicate like a fool 
I jumped on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in your bathroom because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than those that do not . If you support our troops , please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! If you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
If the job is not fun ... why do it ? 
I just saw Yes Man the movie . Anyone want to try the 24 hour yes challange with me ? 
is going to find out who hyjacked her account and will follow the governments policy on hyjackers to the letter 
keep your friends close and your enemies closer .... also buy a big house to have enough room for them all 
\Truth will out\ " ~ unknown or at least I don't remember the author of this " 
Stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose and which is the higher value set 
Stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose in your own life 
Doppelgänger ideas please 
need more motivation and self-disipline 
Can't wait for December 2012 . Go Myans ! 
is in a rutt 
There is no \good time\ " there is only Now ! " 
packing up facebook in storage for lent see you all in 40 days or so . 
I have met my goal and proven I am not a tech adict 
\24\ " go bye bye ?? Boo ! " 
is \lie to me\ " still on tv ? " 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family ! Let's see who is on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and post this on your status . I will be watching to SEE !!! 
A Soldier or a Veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE>' , for an amount ' up to , and including their life ' . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today , who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if ... you are thankful for your freedom 
today is a drag tomorrow will go better 
need a productive week ; odds 12,342,156 to 1 
I am in severe need of a 21st century tutor for tech etc . 
I am still in need of a tech overhaul and education , as well as a person good with mechanical things 
bracing for storms 
< PROPMALE > for meltdown by Tuesday 98.7% 
still operating according to factory specs 
just realized I am the onlyTracey M Cullan alive in Nebraska ... I am an endagered life form facing extinction in the next 100 years . Help me . 
says stuff the red tape , I am building my new ride from scratch the way I want it ! Who is with me ? 
Favorite Super Power - HELL FIRE ... \ 
them relive each and every bit of pain and sorrow they have inflicted upon the innocent . 
need to get my bio chem stats sleep patern steady again 
yay I am an offical spinster 
never again 
to clean or burn it all .... that is my internal debate 
interesting weekend : dad retired- check , party -check , food-too much , clean house recluttered- check . Now for the summer ????? 
what's next ? 
is mornning the departing of her long time friend and confidant Msr . < PROPFIRST > J . Gass formerly of CTK . 
Am I just not funny or have I out stayed my FB Welcome ? 
Those who passively stand and watch the train of injustice , cruelty and tyranny go by should be dragged behind it 
Dad had a modorate stroke a week ago yesturday . He is stable and starting rehab . He will be there 3-5 weeks 
fathers day was good . Dad is recoveing slowly with 3-4 weeks left . strong progress , but needs distraction from hospital . 
dad is making good progress , boredom is setting in for him . I have run out of news and bad jokes . 
Attention : Duchesne Class of 1989\ 
I am thinking of starting a class \book club\ " or some type of social group for those of us living in or near the Omaha area . the structure and meetings TBA . reply to this if you are in . thanks " 
Dad Home Tuesday ! let the parties begin ! 
dad's day 1 was a A- grade . the social part of retirement will determine the GPA . \ 
If the call and visit load is high then I expect a 4.0 recovery 
In my inbox ... tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between you and me . Post this as you status and see what people say ! :} 
to all of the hang-ups in life , Big Deal 
is a bum and a leech on society 
needs focus 
in a rut 
is too healthy for a new wheelchair ...... seriously ? 
supports a gravity optional legislation 
Saved two computers form a lockout virus 
two hours and seven yaers ago my life changed drasticly . What happened ? 
is thinking of starting a conglomorate 
looking for things to do now that my best < PROPMALE > is off on his next adventure 
PC or < PROPMALE > ? Vote now for what I go with 
is deleting her image online due to securtiy and safety issues please honor this request\ 
Thank you 
after a great day with friends at fr . corapi's talk I came home to see Mt . Dangerous , Omaha's first volcano erupt in our kitchen . life is cool 
is not uneducated she just types to fast . 
one cool weekend , starting a social life . Get your callender spot while they are free 
SEPTEMBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
has an intense dislike for public crowds with screaming children , parents of these should be jailed as the cause of this distebing the peace , child abuce/neglect and inciting me to riot . thought I would be a human volcano today ... Boom , lava and ash for miles .... yse stressful day . 
There is no honor in taking one's own life it is the last selfish sinful violence of cowards . \ 
True valor is facing life as it is , not making it into an illness . 
needs a new mentor and a new Dr. Watson 
still looking for a new mentor and a new Dr. Watson 
does anyone remember the name of the old guru or hippy on the halmark cards at the same time as < PROPFEMALE > ? I can't find him anywhere he was cool . 
Some daemon is messing with my wheelchair order . Time for Devine intervention . 
wow that was fast the chair is back on track ... for now 
is tarting a think tank . who's with me ? \ 
For Real . 
serious pole based on my hero v . villian quiz result . my status has been challenged by some on FB . so dear friends , what % oggd or evil am I ? vote now results will be compiled and the peer review answer will be posted by Monday noon 
needs to be warmer , turning into an old weather carank 
I will see if M & D can take nephew to lunch out so we can visit . is jl in ? \ 
als saw < PROPFEMALE > we need to get the UNO group together before the snow 
Every\ 
person has 1000's of wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get \ 
better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know \ 
that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at \ 
least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
God , Family , Pals , the rest of the omniverse ! 
I need a 3D full body scan and a brain transplant who want's to do them ? 
is full of < PROPFEMALE > coke and introspection . 
is tired of her medical only social life ... help wanted 
why do people who \know me\ " contionue to think I am not messing with them/\ 
is on the proverbial limb with a chain saw .... doing a < PROPFIRST > think ... pray for me 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Great pizza and pazaz with uncle < PROPFIRST > and aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
Homelessgo without food . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post 
Being a Godparent to children was my choice . I will give up things and go without to provide for . Pity some parents choose to give up on their children and never go without . Copy and paste this if your a proud parent , Godparent or grandparent who will always put the child first and not last !! 
thinking of joining a convent ... what do you think ? 
\At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \ " Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON ... EVERYONE'S ... wall " 
Mulberry < PROPFIRST > on PBS/NET kicked off for UNL Volyball Boo ! 
happily avoiding \the Big Game \"" 
I went to take my meds in my pill box and I said I had to exit the room to take my drugs and < PROPMALE > shouted at me \no drugs are bad ! \ " so I asked if I could take my medicine from my doctor and he said that was ok 
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon characters is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will except their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with being against child violence . It was on that show that warns you about internet fraud and .. tonights news 
Urgent Notice ! \ 
I picked up Government issue template wheelchair today . \ 
I need all mechanically inclined friends for skunkworks porject to make it useable much less it passable to take out in public 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what I want . I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-post 
Happy Christmas ! May we all be as happy and FB additcted this time next year . 
et's see how creative you are ... leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name ... it can only be 1 word . Then copy & paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy ... that's no fun ! 
If you don't know . . . as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
is going to vote for the life-long re-institutionalization of those who pose a danger to self & others . pills don't stop violence 
needs any ideas for a 2011 resolution .... Please ! 
is there a people on this Earth that doesn't have political turrets syndrome ? Why is history so quickly forgotten ? 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately . Thankfully , I have some of the best cousins in the world ! ? call or visit me cousins- SOON 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants -- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation -- until you're faced with it . 
What are my bankable talents ? 
I AM A HANDFUL - Unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. 
building my escape rocket for when the idealogical zealots blow up the Earth 
needs social life and spring . or will have catastrophic issues with a groundhog named Phill 
after the upcoming blizzard I will relaunch my social life , get your spots while their hot 
AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY WISH IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL STILL FIGHTING ! 
I get the prohibition of cruel treatment of criminals but why include unusual ? The progress of society requires innovation . Why should we fear what is new ? 
there is a reason american \football\ " is not an Olympic quality sport ..... Go Fencing & academics ! " 
dealing with a minor difficulty but after that this year will rock for me 
is in Methodist hospital with slight case of cellulites ( infected cut ) not a big threat . kidney is safe and the drugs to kill the germ must be I.V. with blood lab checks . out between 4 days to a week ball park . call my cell email or call my home for visiting protocols or any questions . no fever or pain all labs stable . boredom expected in 36 hours . \ 
Love , \ 
T . 
quiet night , legs getting fatter , still uneventful and stable . 
paging Dr. < PROPMALE > House your equal patient is in Omaha . the Game is on ! 
I have strep toe bully hoozah for me 
busy day , lots of good visits this weekend . also , after all the blood I have given to the white coats to test they finally gave some back . this proves that it is possible to pay down a over-size debt a little at a time lol 
Happy Valentines and many thanks to all 
will be free and back on the streets by dark . some out patient follow up , but that's just another day of being me , thanks to all for all the prayers , cards visits , and well wishes . 
A normal person has 1000 wishes . A SOLDIER/SAILOR only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post in their honor . 
is not invulnerable just indestructable 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone , a bigger house . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer entirely . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , please post this for at least one hour 
another day at the home ... oops I mean at home 
is signing off for Lent see you in 40+ email or call me ( see my info < PROPFEMALE > for #) 
I have returned ! 
can it rain only on the plant life and farm land please ? 
real question : how do you keep organized & stay on track ? 
what to do this weekend ? 
retiring from FB games 
is about to go Nuke ! 
back working and will continue to work even after my brain is in my new jar . 
remember how to think not what to think 
catching up on FB if I have not posted to you yet don't worry I am just thinking of somthing worthy to say . feel free however to give me ideas of what you want me to say . .... yes I am in a focused mood , thanks for asking 
I have accepted I type as fast as I think and make keyboard mistakes- now the world can be at peace knowing I am not devolving as a user of the English Language 
How does one keep organized and on task with a heavy & dirverse load in life ... need tips and systems also a technology tutor ( no joke ) 
annother year not dead is a good one ... yay ME ! 
Happy 71 dad 
Back at CPACS , too much work to mess with white coats 
Gravity BAD !... Make it go away or at least optional 
is ready to fill her social calender for those times under 90 degree heat . who's first ? Please don't push I have many times open . book yours soon . 
wants to start a think tank who's in ( for real ) 
Saw Green Lantern with < PROPFEMALE > Cullan Altenhofen & < PROPMALE > 
evil wins when \the good\ " do nothing ! " 
was attacked by her sisters car alarm ... near hart attack 
yes I have a lot of posts very sorry but I am working out a mood online instead of the real world , I don't mean to abuse FB 
oops answered too many polls and got blocked sorry , I just lost track 
time for a new constitutional convention , I would love to attend . 
forcing a hous-wide clean up by making a big mess 
The \joker chair\ " feel great and runs like a dream ... pictures to come " 
saw batman begins for the 8th time .. coolest movie . 
needs to find a talent and a direction in life ... please advise , thank you 
some people go around making a mess and wrecking things , unaware of their surroundings and the fact that other people are affected by their actions , but they choose not to see or care about the chaos they make 
getting a vascular port on Thursday . also I hope , some happy meds 
Tomorrow I begin to be one with the Borg ! I look forward to assimilating the colony to my way of doing things 
the port is in and all is well 
first use of port successful painkillers good to me . 
is stiff and sore but alive for a Monday 
what would you list as my talents ? 
luck changing , found working headphones in a box , no need for ear buds that hurt 
is a slothful bum 
Respect what does one need to do to get it ? Real respect not just admiration and well wishes , fans , good feeling etc . 
hibernating now 
staying up to see the sunrise 
< PROPMALE > is off to Texas with his grown ups 
