Heaven's a myth and all < PROPMALE > is but a game . 

Broke down and just got a damn Facebook account ... in the name of Eris !! 
The voice in the back of my head always gets the best of me . 
One thing I know for sure is that I do not fear death . I will chortle after hydroplaning and , after being narrowly missed by an oncoming 18-wheeler that I pulled out in front of , I throw my head back and cackle . Having high regard for one's life is just myth . 
Attempting to find and listen to every Screamo version of rap songs out there . Man , I really dig the synthesis of hip hop/rap/screamo/heavy metal ... 
: wishes that people from Bryn Mawr would contact me on THIS account instead of the practically expired one that I used in high school .... * cough , cough * take the hint ! * cough * 
Spanish is such complete and utter bullshit ... 
HEY !!!! 11 WOULD ANYONE WHO IS GOOD AT SPANISH ( like a Spanish < PROPMALE > or a Spanish speaker ) LIKE TO DO ME JUST A LITTLE FAVOR ??? ( and by \favor\ " I mean just look over a short composition ?? ) . " 
This vessel that is my body is deteriorating . The husk is always the first to crack ... 
I close my eyes ... and I wish the whole world would just drop dead ... I know I didn't make this up inside my head ... 
Why will the fucking-damn heater in our dorm room not work ?!?! It's 64 degrees in here and when I turn the knob , it just leaks water ... 
Loves how her roommate uses her massive Calculus book to press vibrant leaves instead of , ya know , actually reading it . ' Tis the epitome of the Pantheist creed : admire the beauty and ubiquity of nature over the mundanity of the world that often steals our eyes from what is truly significant . 
When faced with an academic challenge , a lot of people use their intelligent brains to get through it . I usually just use my hard head to smash through it ... 
I've split the poles ; I've walked Senior Row in its entirety ; I've sat ( and fallen asleep ) upon the < PROPFEMALE > bench ; I've descended and ascended the senior steps ; I've put my own candle into my lamp and then blown it out again . Why ? Because superstition is dogma . Any other Bryn Mawr superstitions out there ? Tell me them ! I'm on a quest to break them all . 
Is very careful with her identity and her presentation of her Self ... 
Open your mouth only with the intention of producing sounds that are beautiful , novel , intelligent , meaningful , significant or interesting . All the rest are just annoyances ... 
Bryn Mawr : where everyone is a fan of The North Face sweaters , the Beatles , and those stupid little ballet flats/slippers/moccasin/slip-on plastic/pleather/cloth clackety \shoe\ " things that never ever should be considered proper footwear . " 
So I found out ... Bryn Mawr is actually only #25 on the list of highest ranked liberal arts colleges in the nation . This puts us behind Swat and Haverford . C'mon , people , we can do better than that . Quit your screwing around ( literally ) and lets's increase our ranking by becoming a little more erudite and disciplined . 
Some of these Bryn Mawr womyn really drive me up the fucking wall . They're either too emotionally intense or think that , just because they go to an all-women's college , that gives them the right to be rude and bitch about every last thing that other people do . If one more person tells me to shush , they're going to earn nothing but a sore face ... 
No love from Bryn Mawr , man ... 
OMFG , I dread x-mas ... 
At the bottom of your society , violently shaking its foundations . The loudest echoes are only heard from the deepest of canyons . 
: Would like to thank like the bajillion people commented on my wall ( and in real life ) to wish me a happy b-day . I'm feeling the luff ! * sentimental tear * Makes it worth it to have been born ! XD 
My cheeks are nice n ' < PROPFEMALE > ( all 5 of them ) and comfy , cozy I am NOT ... I'm snuggled up together for a sleigh ride together with NO ONE ... 
Done is .... ORGASMIC ..... by the way , I'm not stoned , just sleep deprived . It's hard to tell the difference , I know ... 
: is a hermaphrodite . Not biologically , naturally , but just in my head . You know that it all depends on how you identify . 
Tell me , tell me , truly I implore ... IS there balm in Gilead ? 
Love's gone stale , heart's grown pale ... and our ties ... and our ties are oh-so-frail ... 
Who the fuck puts a physically weaker and considerably smaller young womon in a half-nelson ? What dipshit guy would actully do that ?? There's no excuse ... unbelievable !! 
Es difícil \seguir allá\ " cuando los sentimientos están todavía allí . Que < PROPFEMALE > carga . " 
I don't think he misses me ... makeitstopmakeitstopmakeitstopmakeitstopmakeitstophacequeparehacequeparehace queparehacequepare .... and with my head I crush a black , voracious hole into the wall . 
: is in need of the Experimental Introductory Psychology book so that it can catch up on it's readings because it's Psych book that it ordered from B&N still has not arrived ... * cough**cough*can I borrow someone's psych book ? *cough**cough * 
I fear I will never get out from under my caffeine dependence . 
Horrible day today . Horrible day yesterday . I have a feeling that tomorrow will probably be a horrible day as well because existence has a propensity towards trifectas . 
Ooooh , this new Facebook format makes me cringe ... I don't like chaaaaange !! >_< 
Dearest comrades , you are not worthless . And I can prove it . 
: spent her snow day reading bad fanfiction , looking at bad DeviantArt and not moving from her bed . In what ways has everyone else utterly wasted their days ??? Do share , yes ??!! 
: JUST MAY NEED A HELLER , YES ??? 
: THINKS WE NEED TO ORGANIZE A STREAK FOR HELL WEEK !!!! No , seriously ... let's get a bunch of Hellees together and run , but naked , through the campus . Spread the word to all the Hellers !!!! 
MESSAGE ME IF YA WANT TO BE A PART OF A STREAK SOMETIME DURING HELL WEEK . sedillon@brynmawr.edu or via FB . Spread the word . I have a tentative place and time in mind . I want a lot of interest in this so that I can make some definite plans . Let's do this ! :D 
I wish to thank all of the upper-class womyn for the beautiful segments of my lizard . They were very nicely done and really warmed my grey heart . I lub you all . I would also like to convey a mass apology to all the young womyn whom I inappropriately and indiscrimminatley hit on , flirted with or felt up during the bra dance . I genuinly regret my stupid drunken antics >_< 
: plans may be ruined by the rain . I'm still up for the clothes-less shenanigans , but if like two people show up , then ... then ... well . I personally think running through the rain would be an exhilerating experience and hopefully others think that as well ... 
The 120 Days of Sodom ... and avoiding starting on my philosophy paper at all costs ... 
I don't play chess . Chess plays me . 
: had the pleasure of watching the sun rise this morning . Damn , does Bryn Mawr look so serene and beautiful at 7 in the morning ... 
: strung out ..... ( shit , I ended my sentence fragment with a preposition ... goodbye , English minor ) . 
: hates seeing the end at the beginning . Philosophers , amiright ??? 
Be like the oyster ... 
And thus the rain has abruptly ended the tree/grass/flower orgy . 
: wishes she were a man just so that she could dress up as a woman . I'd dress myself up as a Gothic Vampiress and call myself Dragula . 
I love all living creatures ... except for stinkbugs . I actually get over-joyed when I encounter one in my room because this means I have another exciting opportunity to incinerate it . They perish quickly under fire . Just apply fire to their heads for a few seconds and it will promptly melt , effectiviely killing them without giving them a < PROPMALE > to release their pungency . 
' s roommate is better than yours . Damn right , she's better than yours . She could live with you , but she'd have to charge . 
Seems like I've gotten less nice since coming to Bryn Mawr .... hrmm ... 
... anyone have a short white skirt that I may borrow for tomorrow ? Any style will due ... well , as long as if fits me , that is . 
new love = dimmu borgir 
uhm ... drunk Facebooking ??? < PROPFEMALE > Ganapes , you should give me your number !! ;) ( you won't be sorry ) ;) 
Will make sure that everyone will think twice before doing injustice towards me and what is important to me ... 
SOMEONE on this campus has to be concerned about NOT being emotionally sensitive , politically correct , scrupulous and unconcerned with absolute pragmatism . SOMEONE has to be the symbolic puppet that'll represent who BMC students REALLY are under the self-righteous , conformist facade . SOMEONE has to be that genuine element that is part of all humanity that is missing here . Might as well be me . 
i sumtymes lykes eet < PROPFEMALE > everthang i typee iz unterlyned en < PROPMALE > cuz uv da automatik spellchekcer een meh firefoxxies brow-zer . tiz uh noice cheenge frum da ooh-shoo-awl standerdized engrish dat sufocats us alots . 
Soooooo .... imporant question(s ): 1 , who is living at Bryn Mawr/Haverford and 2 , would you care if I crashed at your place at like midnight this Saturday ? I'll be gone first thing in the morning and I'll sleep on the floor ... pleeeeaaaaasssse ??? 
Goin ' to hell to pass out glasses of ice water . BRB 
I miss the Bryn Mawr campus ... it's really sucking here in Ohio ... 
My vocational goal in life : to bring Psychology back into the field of pseudo-science . 
: has suddenly stopped being a vegetarian and wishes it knew why ... 
Went to the basement of a church ... found a rave bar , psychedelic grafitti , and two stripper polls . I find it deliciously ironic that such things would be found in the underbelly of a religious institution ... 
Well , I really do not have any principles . The wisest thing for humanity is to NOT have values . 
Of course , life itself is a miracle , but LIVING is blessed and brilliant . 
I would rather do everything wrong than not do anything at all . 
Dashboard Confessional ? Hell naw ! More like Facebook Confessional ! And here's my first confession : I have no respect for anyone or anything , including myself . 
You may be able to clean my body but you will NEVER clean my mind or cleanse my soul !! MWAHAHAHAHA !! 
Whenever logical words fail you , just utter lunacy . Never fails to go wrong in our world . 
three haverdudes deriving immense enjoyment from tossing around a broad plastic cup as if it were a football ... hil-fuckin'-larius ... three boys , one cup ... it's like the funnier , idiot version XD 
life is a joke , and a sick and twisted one at that . so you can choose to either get all pissed off and depressed about life or you can choose to just laugh right in the stinking face of life's adversities and hardships and move on . 
says she to me , \you should get some sleep . \ " \ 
las fechas son los hitos de la rutina . 
BM peeps get wild .... was it because of Hell Week or because of that full fucking < PROPFEMALE > we had last night ??? sheesh , as if behavior weren't cra-zay enough ... 
was going to say something but has now forgotten ... \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Valhalla Hawkwind : that damn dented soda can .... 
' s laptop has been completely hijacked by some sort of malware/virus/trojan thing ... \ 
you win again , sketchy porn sites ...... \ 
.... you win again .... 
\NUT CONE : vanilla * flavored * ice cream topped with a chocolate * flavored * swirl sprinkled with roasted nuts in a sugar cone lined with the * taste * of chocolate . \ " \ 
wants to do all and everything and then do everything again 
