After the storm passed , < PROPMALE > and I saw a rainbow -- what a nice way to end one year and have the promise for the next . 

Garage sale the weekend of Agape Fest is a Wet mess ! Pray for us . 
Spent the morning with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . God is good . But having co-laborers and friends walking along the way is a joy in our journey of faith . 
Today , is almost tomorrow . And so far it can't come soon enough . I think someone wisely wrote once , \Momma said there'd be days like this . \ " And you know Mama was right ! " 
Going to Emmaus tonight -- well , I guess one never is supposed to get to Emmaus . 
Amazed at the 1300 kids , parents and grandparents that came out for the Trunk-R-Treat on Second Street . Even more amazed by the work and energy of the Greenville 1st UMC volunteers ! Thank God for their energy and efforts ! 
I got to vote with my three year old -- I think he liked the sticker the best . But it is great to live in a country where we get to help direct the direction of the country -- even if it only a small part of the whole . I believe that lesson will stick longer than the paper \I voted\ " sticker did . " 
Christmas might be the \Most Wonderful Time of the Year \"-- But it certainly is the busiest ! " 
So I got to slow dance with my two year old daughter . She loves to dance , and it was a sweet moment .... Except for the fact that our music was provided by < PROPFEMALE > watching \Bridges of < PROPFEMALE > Co . \"" 
Hey I just realized that the picture of my spouse makes it look like I am married to the MOPS Mini-Mall . Boy , she is HOT ! 
I am a happy boy with Monsters -- on the Midway that is . GO BEARS ! 
Snow day means a lot of different things . For me right now -- it just means a slow connection to the digital world . Too many logged on , God bless them everyone . 
As a Bears fan , I have taken a guilty pleasure in hearing < PROPMALE > talk about the Greenbay Hackers -- I don't think I'll correct him any time soon . 
So preparing for power failures makes a parent think differently--it's not just about what movie -- it is all about getting as many entertainment devices charged and ready . I hope it doesn't come to that -- but at least we are charged and ready ! 
So I think I have developed a new cuss word , \VISTAAAAH ! \ " I think with the right inflection and tone -- it has a < PROPMALE > of catching on ! " 
I love Fat Tuesday ! There is just something wonderful about the day and the person having so much on common . Don't forget that Lent starts tomorrow ! 
\Should you wash the dishes or take the dog for a walk ? \"-- Unbinding the Gospel " 
Does anyone else think it is ironic to begin and end Lent in darkness ? Getting up at 4 am for Ash Wednesday and about the same for Easter Sunrise . 
Hey , this is a first for me . My first Facebook Birthday -- Thanks to all who have written notes of thoughts and best wishes . It's better than cards ! Not that I want to make Hallmark mad -- cause I don't . Thanks so much ! 
