Well , its a new year ! 

Time to take all the Christmas fanfare down . As requested by my husband hehe I personally like having Christmas decorated til mid < PROPFIRST > . 
Amused that my Husband < PROPFIRST > whom was so dead set against facebook is now a facebook member 
flustered ... I am in Texas , my stepmom had a mild heart attack this week , and I can't even be there for her :-( she's all by herself 
I Love Fridays , Especially payday Friday ! Too bad I have to work Saturday ... 
monday is too close 
Kids will keep ya faith full , they love church ! Church , groceries , and oh yeah another day off work ! 
Feelin ' Fiesty 
WOOHOO !!!! STEELERS ROCKED TONIGHT !!! Cant wait for rest of the season !!! 
Watching the Penn State game 
it's been a good day ... football , steaks , and beer 
2am run to walmart .... tomorrow will be rough ... up with the babe who got attacked by fire ants today and is uncomfortable ... antihistamine check , contact pain relief check , warm milk , calming movie ( tinkerbell her favorite ) hope it helps 
well i wound down watching tv with my hubby till 130am all our recorded shows ... still couldn't be to rest ... then I found out why !!!! Heading out to a mental health crisis ... ( after doing it awhile you get a sense of some kinda vibe and just know its gonna be a long oncall week 2nd in 2 days 
Thankful ! My hubby managed to get this kids to settle down by 9pm , I got to go to sleep after being awake for 34hrs . And then my kids slept in It sounds like < PROPMALE > needs to go back to sleep though 
Wow only 12 more hrs til work 
YEAH < PROPFEMALE > here I come ! Whatever will my husband and I do without kids for a month ?! 
I don't make the rules , I just follow them . To question is to insubordinate . 
Wow . In disbelief 
Deep cleaning the house when hubby wakes up , hanging out with my mom . Love visiting with my mom ! Not looking forward to the deep cleaning house(its hard work ) 
Really enjoying the vacation from the kids , getting a lot done at work and home because of it . But wondering if they have been away too long ... 
is accomplished ---> I tackled the hardest chore of the house today .... cleaning my room * sigh * Cleaned out the closet , got rid of clothes not worn for year , polished my bedroom furniture ..... The most difficult part was folding putting away , or trashing PILES of clean clothing Know anybody who needs clothes ??? Finished off the day playing darts with my husband and coworker 
Wonderful Husband : Italian dinner and a movie ! Added bonus : Doctoring his wife's < PROPFEMALE > sting encouraging her to take it easy :-) I Love My Husband ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am thankful to be picking my kids up from the airport today ! 
My kids have changed .... amazing what happens in a month < PROPMALE > looks taller and a little more mature facial features , Izzy is definatly heavier and boy can she talk well now her face seems to have matured some too 
ugh had to stay home all day while my family was out together ... because I'm on call :-( So I tried to do some shopping . I ( desperately ) need jeans that fit [ short and skinny } may seem desirable for many but it stinks for finding jeans that fit properly 
So this is Monday , and its the end of the month ... I have to meet my quotas , complete my progress notes . Turn in my timesheet . Not get fired so that we can have a Happy Christmas * tune of Happy Christmas < PROPFIRST > Lennon * 
YEAH !!!! ITS FRIDAY !!! 
What to wear , what wear , to my husband's company Christmas Affair ???? 
Looking forward to shopping for jeans tomorrow with my mom and daughter :-) 
Wish Me Luck finding jeans that fit ! 
* sigh * Kids are in bed already ... I can actually chill ... been crazy busy with house work , kids , grocery shopping , and finally dinner Think I'll relax in a hot bath 
Relaxing night with my hubby :-) 
is tired , ready for bed , hittin ' the sack so that I can get up early to do yesterday all over again aside from grocery shopping . G'night 
Housework , housework , housework 
Oh MY it's Monday 
ringaling hear them ring ... Christmas bells in my dreams 
Hmm , Christmas shopping done ? hehe yeah right I haven't even begun 
Someone send me some pics of the snow from back home . I could take the pics have them blown up to window size and < PROPFEMALE > them from every window in my home . Then I can enjoy a White Christmas from inside LOL 
you know ur desperate when you agree to be standby oncall in hopes of getting a midnight call , just so ur guaranteed 100 face to face hrs 
Bummer ... made coffee so I could stay awake to finish my work , now wide awake 
Thank God I have a water utility man for a husband .... was able to fix our lack of water ... Now I can finish my housework 
AHHHHHH !!!! TOO MUCH TODAY ! 
What to do this weekend ? 
Placing my way back photo on profile 
Yeah Its FRIDAY !!!! Training , IHOP , short day of work , weekend with my mom . Needing some mom time ! Can't wait til 5pm 
Reverse ! Reverse ! Want the weekend to start over :-) 
Good Sleep ! Wedding to go to ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > 
Friday ! 
I love my husband ! He is so awesome !!! Was full of superb suprises today . I was able to relive those moments as a little girl on Christmas morning , full of wonder and anticipation followed by sheer delight when < PROPFEMALE > Claus knew what I wanted . :-) Thank You Babe !!! 
In June we will celebrate 5 years of marriage ! Amazing ! 
crazy weekend !!! Glad I am off call for a week . 4 crisis calls 2 of which occurred simultaneously 3 hours of sleep in 36 hrs another crisis on way home enough adrenaline for a week 
Joy ! Texans driving in ice and snow today 
I wonder what today holds 
Doesn't have to work today woohoo ! The house should be really clean this week 
yeah week almost over ! 
Is looking forward to DSL coming to my rural area , then I can get my kiddos games updated 
First I've been up past the kids in a long while 
Yuck ! Cold Wet Rainy ... Not a good day to play outside with the kiddos :( 
Spring Break Week !!!! YES !!! Children Home visits all week .. ~ *Productivity* ~ ( suppose to be a sing song voice ) 
Yeah ! DSL ! 
First time in 5 yrs I have my \own\ " computer and DSL !! " 
I have been so excited to update(waited on DSL ) my kids leapfrog toys I updated 2 of them but leapster2 is really causing me some stress ..... ugh !!! 
ahhh yeah , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > off to chili's to have father/son dinner , mommy gets chilis-to-go , < PROPFEMALE > asleep , i finally get to take a shower today and enjoy some quiet time 
yum .. chili's! then i will b a ok for crisis calls 
ever have a night of a reoccurring dream ... it wakes you , you go back to sleep and it continues , but you don't want it to continue so you keep waking yourself to make it stop , and then you get up in the morning and you can't stop thinking about it 
dinner done kids bathed and in rooms ... dad online gaming 
loving dsl and wirelss can be online anywhere in house ... mornings have consisted of disney and leapfrog games with kids ... helped me get daughter to sleep too 
cloudy Moday in TX thats ok its still suppose to be 70 and back to < PROPFEMALE > and 75 on Wed ! 
< PROPFEMALE > st pattys day yeah ! 
1/2 day of work , 1/2 driving to and getting dental work completed , FRIDAY , the WEEKEND ( i'm not on call ) , visiting with Mom feeling SUPER 
Just watched Tinkerbell and the Lost Treasure .. super worth $20 ... think i'd like to collect all the Tinkerbell movies ... good wholesome stuff :) 
Grrr ... Can I go back to work ? Kids are Crazy being stuck inside ... it's a crummy day to be outside 
Found a temporary solution : tinkerbell , popcorn , and sprite :) 
Loved the complete breakfast her husband made her on our new indoor grill 
Off to bed 
WALL-E such a cool movie 
Friday 
what will the weekend hold ...? 
Backyard Camping with the family ... we'll see how it goes :) 
Backyard camping went well , a bit nippy for me and Nick(we toughed it out though ) , but Izzy and < PROPMALE > slept just fine :-) 
Can't wait for Easter weekend !!! Camping on mom's 5 acres , egg hunts , Easter services , Easter dinner , warm < PROPFEMALE > weather ... Go look at my Dream Home ( it's been reduced ) very exciting plans for the weekend ... so Friday needs to hurry up and get here ! 
Hmmm .... what a way to wake up ... hot water heater out . No Shower Today :-( I can't handle cold water 
Good to know ... my dream home , may not be such a dream after all . As the realtor explained , it photographs well but it needs a lot of work . Now , I can stop obsessing over it . 
Kids going to San < PROPFIRST > Zoo , so jealous . 
What a day ! New hot water heater , Spring Cleaning for Family Easter , Fajita Dinner , Dessert Baking , Relaxing at our front yard campsite with a < PROPFEMALE > while the kiddos sleep in the tent . Next on the list : dying eggs on the patio grille , Playing Easter < PROPFEMALE > before hit'n the tent . 
Mmmm , Sweet Liquid Gold , Disoronno on ice 
word of the day : intuition 
Most excutiating temporary pain ever .... scorpion sting on toe ! Stupid Scorpions !! Dropped me to the ground 
Taks testing ... no school visits .... thats ok a Crisis will keep me busy today 
it's been a good day 
bathing kiddos 
KXAN news was < PROPFEMALE > entertaining today ! 
Rough week lots of crisis , near crisis , and forewarning of crisis waiting to be unveiled : Could Equal lots of Overtime this weekend * note to self ~ Invest in Espresso ... Coffee may not be strong enough ~ 
Anybody willing to lend me a car or help me with transportation while in Penn Hills from May 4-May 11 ? 
Booked flight from < PROPFIRST > to Pittsburgh whew ! 
hard labor ... mowing 1.5 acres of land with push mower , pruning all the trees and weeds bon fire made with all the pruned trees ... productive , teamwork , and exercise all in one 
so ready for apr 27 can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > trip ! 
Grrr ... Crazy Busy ... Working Late Again 
It is easier to Forgive others than it is to Forgive yourself . We can Damn ourselves with unforgiveness of self . Thank God for His Grace to give us the power of Forgiveness 
As my daughter would say , \ I ty-red \"" 
what does the rest of the week hold ?? 
thought I'd need whole day off for crown replacement . I didn't but will take the day for myself to be myself 
new tennis shoes make my feet happy , like walking on air 
Go ! 
Last Day of Work for a Week ! Pennsylvania here I come !!!! arriving 630pm on apr 27 ! 
When I hand my son a toaster strudel with icing : looks up at me with big brown eyes quirky smile and says I like the white stuff , as if mommy just gave hime the greatest thing in the world 
hi ho hi ho off to work I go 
I've requested no norecalls til after ids are asleep lets hope so 
edit : I've requested no more crisis calls til after kids are asleep . Hoping for it 
It was a quiet night after morning crisis . Got to spend a couple of ours with each one of my kids one on one . I love one on one time with my kids ! 
hates being a sucker : new addition to the family , Brewster * sigh * not housebroken yet 
So not feeling well , right now .... nausea , bloody nose , super tired . Lack of sleep or food this weekend with all of the crisis calls i had ? 
Really wanted to start my vacation TODAY , but need to get to the office to complete notes(thx to 6 crisis this weekend ) before I depart tomorrow AM .... 
leaving for < PROPFEMALE > in 5 hrs !!!!! 
hang'n out with both of my moms :) it's going well 
Gram so not doing well :( so glad I got to see her 
kitchen counter 
so thankful for moms 
Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > , Return car rental , go to airport . Headed home to TX 
Flight delays .... home really late I hope i'm not dragging ass tomorrow @ work . So much for sleeping in on vacation :( had to be up by 630am TX time to make sure family was awake . Very busy vacation alot of family matters to resolve , not very relaxing . At least I got to shooting :) Thx < PROPMALE > ! 
Back to the daily grind , glad to be home 
1st time experiencing food poisoning ... don't ever want that again ... Felt like appendicitis 
fully recovered whew ! i think it was the steak i ate last night that help me recover 
Enjoy helping those less fortunate 
feels like a good day 
Chocolate cupcakes sound yummy 
what's next 
Dinner check bathing kids .. camping out on the living room floor just because :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Friday ! 
< PROPMALE > will be taking ice skating lessons today start training for hockey 
< PROPMALE > did well at ice skating lessons and loved it ! Willl continue on a weekly basis . Dependent upon his ability acquire the skills , willl begin hockey lessons in as little as 1 month ! Go < PROPMALE > !!! 
Hates the waiting game ... Please hurry up ... getting a bit rowdy 
Puppy training tons of fun !!!! 
Grrrrrrr .... I am not Jesus I cannot walk on water . Asking me to squeeze orange juice out of a lime is impossible , even if it is requested by court authority 
< PROPFEMALE > brown complexion , perfectly balanced , sweet yet bold personality ... Mmmm Coffee 
With as much OT as I have aquired I think I will take my time today , getting to work . 
mowed 75% of my almost 2 acres with a push mower ... weather gearing up for a storm . Hope it's a good one . Enjoying the peace while my daughter sleeps and my hubby and son are in < PROPFIRST > playing ice hockey . Really ought to fold my roomful of laundry but gotta headache so I will continue to watch what I want to watch on tv til < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > get home 
it's a warm one today in the hill country 
hello fb world its been awhile ! yeah for friday ! 
burnet durnit ! 
luvs having xtra hands in the house , it is so helpful 
grocery shopping done , washing the dogs done , a few < PROPFEMALE > of peace while kiddos are preoccuppied 
Planning San < PROPFIRST > Riverwalk , 5 yr Anniversary Vacation/1st Honeymoon ... TX folks any input ? 
ice skating with the family ... pix to come of < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > in hockey gear :) 
with or without glasses ? Poll need votes ! 
so hoping my horoscope for today is not accurate 
yea for sleeping on office couch 
sparkling disarrono < PROPFEMALE > ale and disarrono on ice 
just seen a granny on a 4 wheeler 
Gingeronna on a\ kid crazy because it's too hot to play outside\ " day ... refreshing & relaxing " 
hrm early rise 
notes notes notes 
grrr not good way to turn over new leaf 15min late to 1st scheduled staff mtg w/ new bosslady 
it's friday yay ! It wet here today but that's ok it's friday :) kid birthday parties and < PROPMALE>'s hockey this weekend busy busy . I like when i'm not oncall more family time 
misses summer bbqs @ the lake . Nothing like swimming , grilling sizzling bbq and drinking ice cold beer in nothing but a bikini & flip flops 
monday 
stayed up way too late with mom , as usual ;-) 
this morning went wat too smoothly 
motivation please 
experienced the neatest thing ... numb reversal ... some new chemical that reverses the affects of novicaine it really works well 
Makin ' french toast and bacon ! 
thinking about swimming 
very exciting crisis 
happiness 
la de da 
Porch Coffee 
On my Honeymoon , finally got it after 5yrs of marriage !!! 
PSU , HOWLIN ' @ the < PROPFEMALE > , San < PROPFIRST > , TX !!! 
back to reality 
someone want to do my grocery shopping for me ?! 
\ohman !!! I miss working w/ you all !!! " 
Soooo tired ! 
Wishing I had rainboots and an umbrella 
Yeah ! Finally ! Headed out for some lake time ! Please no calls ! It's a happy wkend ! 
MHMR's no day off today 
Sum red wine while I make dinner . Mmm I'll have that 
< PROPFIRST > Halen & coffee is a good morning drive mix 
off call this wknd !... what to do ? 
Drinkin beer and hangin outside 
Back to work .... on call all week ! 
Driving over and next to llano river makes me want to jump in and swim 
On the market will pay to get a new job 
Fav day of the week yay 
so not in a good way 
So jealous of everyone who has a pool in their yard . Went to get one today ... and told have to think of it as a liability . Question was \what if the neighbor kid decideds to go swimming when we aren't home and then drowns ? \ " Really ?! So now I have to ignore the comfort and sanity of my children for the sake of another & not getting sued ?! Really ?! So Not Fair !!! " 
So don't want to be up COFFEE NEEDED 
So Glad I got thermal curtains !!!! The house is a lot cooler already and I just installed them all over the house this AM 
Thinking I should be reimbursed for spending 9$ on a 3 pack of womens underpants bc I sat in animal urine at a cts home and the only 2 stores in that town can get away with only carrying expensive underwear only 
i'm ready for a vacation again 
Dream a little dream 
So excited !!!! On the road to my Master's degree , FINALLY !!! 
Wow today went quickly 
Soooo ty-red 
Kick myself for leaving bbtcmhmrc !! 
Yay !!! Camping with the family , lakeside 
One more day wouldve been good 
< PROPMALE > blek 
First day of new schedule ... wish me luck 
YEAH I've BEEN ACCEPTED INTO A GRAD PROGRAM . CAN't WAIT TO GO HOME AND START MY PART OF THE ADMISSION PROCESS ! 
1st day of new schedule ... luv'd it 
Good Morning Sunshine ! oh wait your not up yet :-) Porch Coffee , there are some really strange sounds outside at this time of morning .. spooked my dogs 
Such a lovely summer in the TX hillcountry . It's almost August & it's still so very geen out here . 
Luv my schedule ! Already made dinner and kids are fed :) 
Day 3 coffee does the trick . It used to be shower then coffee now its coffee 1st 
How to use 40hrs discretionary time w/o being penalized in some kinda way ??? 
Oh no ! Iam sooo tired ... i don't wanna go :( just as I was bout to go to bed . Sounds like gonna be looooong night possible wknd ordeal 
Grrrrrrr 
Today sux , the waiting game goes on ... waiting for THAT call bw 3 & 5 . Just to spend another six hrs waiting some more 
Been having lapses in memory today . I can't seem to remember that I am coming upon a milestone . 
Thank You all for the birthday wishes . Wish I could say that it was an exciting day . My coworkers did treat me to a birthday cake and birthday lunch ! Thank You Llano MH for celebrating with me :) 
Rough mornin < PROPFEMALE > awoke at 545 & my java dumped all over my car 
I HATE < PROPMALE > !!! I just wanna go to sleep . All I got going for me right now is Red bubbles & writers cramp from activity logs ... ( thats alotta writing ) and % !? *ing codes streamlining my brain . 
So I'm either screwed or I lucked out ... ran out of activity logs .. guess I'll have to finish at the office in 5hrs .. hopefully it's the latter bc alarm clock is set to go off in 3hrs . Gonna be a long drag @$$ kinda day 
Guess today showed me how old 30 really feels . I am sore from all the walking and playing we did at Six Flags Fiesta Texas . AND it really wasn't ALL THAT MUCH WALKING . Mostly stuck around the waterpark with < PROPFEMALE > and my sister while < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > got to play on the water slides . 
Heading out to the lake with my sister and the kids , going to be a great day in the hill country$ 
Luvn lake time , kids having a blast 
Need sleep 
Would like to close off in a cool dark room to catch up on much needed sleep 
accuweather forecast : hi of 104 , currently 96 real feel 109 . Mon 103 , Tues 104 , Wed 101(ohh coldfront ) , Thur 103 ..... gonna be a blazing weekend 
Wed are good 
Hmm t-storms are good but a tornadoe might be able to cool it off by 30 degrees quicker than a t-storm 
Alot of rumbling , dark skies , wind , a few lightning bolts but no rain ? What's up with that 
( 1 of 2 ) Ahhh yes That's what I was looking for , finally ... cool winds real feel 80 when the wind blows & the beautiful smell of rain yet to come . T storm move 
( 2 of 2 ) from llano to marble falls please . My house needs cooled down 
Beautiful morning 
Yeah for Friday ! Very Busy Day Planned ! 
had a new brew to celebrate NOT being on call ;-) 
Busy day !! 
Luv sidewalk chalking w/ kids 
WOW ! Actually listened to the lyrics of \love the way you lie\ " ... thats a powerfully messed up song I imagine it being used in commercials for abusive relationships . Blackeyes and bloody imagery " 
Beautiful Morning for porch coffee ! Wish I weren't so cranky :-/ Oh wait that would be my kids ' fault hehe . I am very excited though , I got my books ordered for my 1st grad class !!! YEAH ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hf7k4U6MoC4&feature=youtube§gdata§player 
It's Monday , mom will be here later tonight . Tomorrow night I drop < PROPMALE > and kiddos at airport . Kids will be visiting mi-ma and pi-pa for a whole month after < PROPMALE > returns . As much as I have been excited about that , I am really going to miss my kids . 
Tired 
They haven't even left yet & anticipating their return 
Stayed up way too late with mi madre 
Quarters nuff said 
Hiking with mom , bro , & Todd(semi-adopted bro ) was alot o fun 
Ready for vacation 
Ready to take a whole week off work . Want to be sure to know way around capella university . 
1st assigned reading-done , great feeling ! Very introspective ! 
Struck out on the morning run . Cancelled by hubby last night 
Poll : So I noticed that my Professor has a blog dealing with a topic that interests me . Would it be crossing boundaries to join the blog ? 
STEELERS FOOTBALL !!! 
Preparing for my 2nd assigned reading 
ROTLMBO !!!!!!! Dogs can be so entertaining . The best laugh I have had in a very long time ! I so needed after today . 
Story : Brewster is outside with me while I do my homework . Every now and then he makes sudden moves , runs off , and then runs back nose to the ground . He does this several times . so I watch for a few minutes . My wiener dog , curiously checks out a baby scorpion . It stings him , he proceeds with the above movements , it stings him again . He did this 4x , while I watched , and still went searching for the little stinger . 
Bummer ! Crisis Call , so glad I was forwarned earlier in the day . I was better able to manage my time . I completed my assignment before getting called out ! BRAVO !! 
My bed is calling me can't get there quick enough this 
Ugh tired 
Oh Wow ! Information overload . Had to take a break from my Capella discussions 
Beyond frustrated 
<----- Great Visual Description 
Thinking that being on-call , having to maintain minimum and productivity hours are greatly going to affect my education . Its called lack of time off and not enough sleep . 
Last night I rearranged my kitchen . It makes more sense has better flow . However I have to get used to the new arrangements . I've thrown myself off hehe 
After work today . Not really feeling like cooking . Would love to be overlooking Lake Marble Falls , eating pasta and sipping wine . 
Really 35 in a 50 
@ work w/ my husband , working on my 1st grad research paper . 
A liite frustrated w/ my research , finding applicable reference is quite a task ... anybody can offer advise on researching practitioner-scholar vs scholar-practitioner is welcoming 
Who has travelled in Europe ? What country/ies did you visit ? What is your most memorable experience while in Europe ? 
Tough stuff 
Another day in paradise ? 
excited to check out a new church , today ! 
Thank You God for talking with me and opening opportunities . Iam so relaxed tonight , I will be melting into my bed tonight :) 
Good things can happen today ! Keep my mind open to windows of opportunity 
Schoolwork ~ 
ok break is over back to schoolwork 
Yet another looong night , that has interefered with my education :( 
UGH !! Assignment that was due 10/24 is now complete and turned in AT 115AM ON 10/27 YAY grrr work and no sleep , so glad I'm not on call , right now . SCARED next BIG Assignment is due 10/31 AND I'M ONCALL starting Friday ! NO CRISIS FOR ME UNTIL NOVEMBER 1ST , I HAVE HOMEWORK TO DO ! I still have to catch up enough to get 10/27 assignment completed by 1159pm !! AHH !!! 
Happy november 
Getting hard to stay awake 
In the spirit of Thanksgiving . thankful for my life(married with 2 children ) , ability to be healthy with almost(corrective lenses ) all senses intact , ability to move about freely , thankful I have an income , and most of all I am thankful for the ability to learn & opportunity to strive for higher education , even though I am struggling to keep up esp bc of all the other blessings I have 
Looking for Friday , where did it go ? exciting weekend planned :-) 
I get down , He lifts me up 
Rest for the weary ... well , Some rest FULL day of work tomorrow ~ *sigh* ~ 
Ugh monday wants a weekend redo 
Was almost home ... back to work 
Greater things have yet to come greater things are yet to be done 
Maybe saying our goodbyes to Brewster 
Twas a goodnight after all . Meaningful conversation of life's hopes and dreams with my husband on my husband's Birthday . Alone time with God , worshiping , in the kitchen while cooking ! Butternut\ 
Squash soup is a slow-cooking . I hope it is good ! My first time \ 
making it and it goes to my husband's Thanksgiving work luncheon in the morning . \ 
~ *Wish Me Luck ~ * 
Off to work I go 
What scores can I get tonight ... bowling league missed 2 wks in arow 
I have niece on the way ! 
Have not accomplished much but sure feel like it ... dishwasher emptied , refilled , and cleaned , some raking and cleaning of leaves complete ( kiddos helped when they stopped helping mommy stopped doing ) , swept and mopped the kitchen floor , fed and bathed two kids(now napping ) , swept the bathroom/laundry room floor . 
Still to do : mop the bathroom/laundry floor , clean off my counters , vacuum all rooms(after kids awake ) , fold mounds of CLEAN laundry , and last but definatly \ 
not least grocery shopping since Thanksgiving is at my house , and make \ 
dinner . I should be rewarded : haircut , mani/pedi , waxing ( but not \ 
foreseeing any of that happening ) 
Snow in Marble Falls , TX 
Gotta REAL Christmas Tree this year , the house smells wonderful . Light are on it no decorations yet ( who'da thunk that Christmas bulbs have no hooks ? ) 
< PROPMALE > and I < PROPMALE > the new decorations with care ! Spent some tv time with my hubby ... that hasn't happened in a long while . Off to bed dreaming of the day I can be paid to be a stay at home mom(if I chose to be ) 
I'm REALLY not PARANOID or DELUSIONAL but Scorpions are really attracted to me . Just freaked out , screamed , jumped out of my chair knocking it down running and stripping because I saw a Scorpion out of the corner of my eye running up toward my neck . Stupid Scorpions !!!! I hate you Scorpions !!!! 
Shoulda known leaving for work before dark was too good to be true 
It's been a good day 
Doesn't feel like a Friday ... looking fwd to Saturday , then wknd will feel more real . Check out < PROPFIRST>'s club membership and buy shoes for < PROPMALE > and me , hopefully 
Pretty excited about my Taurus 9mm 
Feels like using her dirty laundry for target practice ... 
Busy Day : Still need to go grocery shopping , < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday @ noon , work Christmas party 5p-7p , 
Busiest weekend in a loooong while 
Gorgeous day in Central Texas 
Long drives on a beautiful day are a nostalgic tease remincent of college years driving to State College makes me want to keep on driving to see how far 3hrs would take me 
Lunar eclipse has begun 
So wish I had a camera w telescopic lens 
Half gone 
That's a 1st : the nurse @ my clinic sent me home , ifeel fine but have a fever .. headed home 
Look'n fwd to coffee with < PROPFEMALE > 
How did I do it ... play out in the cold , kids are nuts 
Highlighters are my friend 
Meatballs done , queso made , beer & pop , STEELERS TO WATCH !!! 
Yeah Steelers !!! Boo Ravens !!! 
Paper to write 
Gorgeous Day in Marble Falls ... perfect play day @ the park 
Pre-spring cleaning , beautiful day to open window & air out the house 
Feeling disgusting ... no running = no shower yuck 
Sooo tired ! 
ADD override : coffee OD , big project due Sun ., house hunting & ER intereference = overnighter . So glad I took a 2 hr nap @ 930p . 
Is < PROPFEMALE > tired 20min nap turn to 2 hr nap no time for long naps .. research research research literature review due Sun :-o 
Still going 
waiting in anticipation .... ready for Friday 
I got an A on my big project of the semester !!!! YEAH < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
got the boxes and the spackle , now to clean & repair 
Nearing the end .... of the semester ... wow it went fast !!! 
2 for 1 Spring cleaning and packing 
Hates the hiccups 
Yeah ! 2 wk break from classes ! Now to focus more on moving ... so excited 
Last assignment-Perfect score followed by Excellent ! ~ Go ME ! 
Wow !!! Naps are Cool !! I had an awesome dream : I was cruising on my own motorcycle ! 
Soooo wants Schlotsky's 
Has had an awesome day so far , kids have been super good since we awoke this morning , got to feed my craving for Schlotzky's , Park to feed the ducks and play , and now my sweet children's are napping . Relax or get down to housework ? 
So my palm pre ate it badly . Need #'s msg me to send it 
My husband is hot 
beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day in Texas 
Was a great family day ... wants more days like today ! 
Has forgotten how badly razor burn hurts ... it hasn't happened in forever ... make it stop ... had an awesome day ( 3x ) ... 
