And the new year has officially begun now that I have woke up . 

5 < PROPMALE > is to much . 
Loves the sentence \Bible Pirates Invading an Elk ! \ " Sounds dirty . " 
is one Frisky Dingo .... there we go . 
feels his previous status could use some explaining .... it is the name of a cartoon ... He himself is not so frisky .... and also not of the dingo variety . 
River .... awesome .... 4 < PROPMALE > way better than 8 < PROPMALE > ... can't wait til next year . 
thinks it is about time for Osh Kosh B'Gosh to get back into the advertising game ... and can think of no better spokesperson than < PROPFIRST > Connery ... Think that is weird ... just imagine him saying , \I'm < PROPFIRST > Connery and THIS is Osh Kosh B'gosh!\ "" 
just watched Last House on the Left .... do you think its really possible to explode someones head by putting it in a microwave oven ? 
has the right butt cheeks to turn you on . 
has news for you . There is no such thing as a bear sheriff . 
thinks everyone who is still on his chat thing this late needs to go to bed ... tomorrow is a day of work/school ... weekend is over ... GROW UP ... that goes for you too < PROPFIRST > HANN ! 
thinks girl has a good question ... Why does Smokey the Bear have/need a shovel all of a sudden ? 
is a smack talking fool . 
mostly listens to Mr. T when it comes to life lessons 
has suspenders . 
One out of every hundred times it skins the baby and makes an Ipod case . LETS ROLL THE DICE ! -Patton Oswalt 
didn't know that he got his own cake for his wedding . This is exciting news . 
can somone explain to me how everyone I have ever met telling me the color of their bra is going to raise awareness for breast cancer . It's just going to raise my awareness of what color underwear you are drawn to ... 
Glitter is the herpes of arts and crafts . It will stay on you forever . 
Pancake or Hot Dog ?......... WRONG ......... Spaghetti fool ! 
Paranormal Activity ..... Really ..... Really guys .... 
Dinner suggestions ? 
I have been engaged for exactly one year today ... right about now actually ... pretty awesome if I do say so myself . 
is registered ... feel free to buy me stuff now . 
Sometimes when you are least expecting I do things for you ... It's how I choose to roll . 
ITS TIME TO CELEBRATE !!!... BUT HOW !?!?!? 
No one knows what is on the new Whiplash Whopper .... I must know so I can continue to eat them . 
They call me ......... BETTY !...... MEH ! 
My fiancee is by far the best . She has made this birthday remarkable in lots of ways . 
I got 3 lbs of bacon for my birthday .... AWESOME . 
Bacon in no way deminishes how remarkable my fiance is 
Hey everyone we didn't put stamps on those rsvp envelopes for nothing let's get on it folks . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes 
Stir-Friday on a Thursday .... The fact that its controversial only makes it more delicious . 
Wedded and only more excited because the be wees was everything I expected and more 
Big bag full .... little bag 1 pair of shoes .... I'm out of stuff to pack .... dag blast it 
Any last minute packing suggestions that won't get me cavity searched 
We have been in Florida for a little over 24 hours now and are finally making our way down to the private beach . 
Fireworks on the beach 
Our air boat captian said boosh and I knew I was in good hands . 
I've been replaced by Valentino ... it was a nice 2 weeks ... 
There is a place about a mile down the beach on the pier called pelicans on the pier ... it has about a 50/50 good review bad review on the internet ... should we eat there for our last floridian meal ... or head to a bit more snazzy area of fort lauderdale for a sure thing ... input ? 
Home . 
Another successful float trip ... again I come home with pretty bad sunburns but It will eventually heal . 
Captain < PROPFIRST > says , \Bite this Brochacho ! \"" 
It's preseason guys ... if you have 2 seconds left run a play and see what you can do . 
Home inspection went well ... nothing there that a couple of pizza persuaded volunteers can't handle ... onto the appraisal .... come on $75000 . 
I am going to the days of yesteryear when grasshoppers HOPPED . When they grew wings I'm not entirely certain . One thing that I am sure of though is that I don't approve of this new evolved grasshopper so time travel it has to be . Anyone who agrees can meet me last Thursday . 
El Grupo Nuevo De < PROPMALE > Rodriguez-Lopez ... Hmmm . 
Every 6 months or so there is a flood of statuses based off musical lyrics ... I am fine with this , just curious as to why it happens this way . 
That's a Bumarooski ! 
Clothes make the man . Naked people have little or no influence on society . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
False Sense of Security San < PROPMALE > 
There is this scene in Little Rascals that is very dear to me . It involves a song about pickles . At this very moment I am singing my own song to the theme of that song . The gist of my lyrics revolves around us owning a house . 
With every little thing we do to the house it feels more and more like ours ... Next weekend Massive Painting Project ... Come Help . 
Painting party day one complete ... tomorrow continues with day 2 . 
Dr. Pepper delivery service please . 
Crocodiles are going to eat me ... YEAH ! 
Moving complete ... almost ... just unpacking left . 
Seriously ... not 1 trick or treater ... not even my 1 year old sister came to my new house to get < PROPFEMALE > . 
Scratch that shes 2 now ... oops ! 
Saved by the Bell ... This is my idea of pre-gaming for Shark Bar tonight . Anyone who shows up at Shark Bar at 7pm gets free cover , free appetizers , and half priced drinks . Just have to say my name at the door . Let me know if you think you may attend . 
Thanks to everyone who came out it was a fun night with friends full of fun flash back songs 
Bon Jovi performed an entire song and didn't break his hip ... STANDING OVATION ! 
Charter cable sends me a < PROPMALE > it says due on Nov . 22nd ... today is the 22nd so I pay the < PROPMALE > . I later receive a message from Charter informing me that my payment is now past due . So I get online to chat with Charter . They inform me that the < PROPMALE > I have in my hand is actually my second < PROPMALE > and I never payed the first one which was due on the 10th . I never got a < PROPMALE > before this one . 
grilled stuft chicken bacon ranch wraps boosh 
I won another Happy Hour Party at Shark Bar ... any input into a date before I write them back would be stupendous ... Looking for sometime next month as right now work is few and far between . 
IT'S BRAT MAGIC ! 
I feel like I should clarify that is Brat as in Bratwurst not Brat as in man that kid is a brat ! 
2 Years folks ... The countdown starts one year from now . 
Everybody check out that very disturbing/amusing story I just liked . 
Survived because his car took the bullet for him . Look at the pretty picture . 
I am now an Aries ... good bye bull hello ram . 
Watch that video and laugh . 
Girl climbed further up the ladder than I did . High places are scary . 
I am to scared to climb on the roof . < PROPFIRST > , girls brother , did it for us and tacked back down our roof . Thanks to him our roof will hopefully not be damaged . 
< PROPFEMALE > Horner is calling for an arctic blast starting on Wednesday and continuing into Thursday .... SLURPEES FOR EVERYBODY ! 
Made I home . It is way worse down here in Harrisonville than it was even in < PROPFIRST>'s Summit only 20 < PROPMALE > difference . 
Driveway approximately 40% clear . Break for food and then back at it possibly after a brisk walk through the neighborhood to see the sites and sounds of Snowtorious BIG . 
You can't pull one of the only 2 rx certified counters in a store the night before a store and not tell anyone . That is not a good way to start off . 
WORDS WITH FRIENDS IS ON ANDROID ... BOOSH !!! 
Finally got the foam football he has been wanting . Thank you Dollar Tree for your slightly less well made common toys . 
The only thing that could make this day off in the great weather on our huge deck would be if my beautiful wife was here as well ... But alas they do not give amazing weather days . It is kind of backwards . It is miserable outside so instead of working inside stay home ... oh its gorgeous outside you should probably come sit in this giant brick building for 9 hours . 
Orange chicken isn't supposed to be spicy 
If you are into finding crazy music that is hard to find elsewhere and you don't particularly care that you can't download it . Check out Grooveshark.com . I haven't been able to stump it yet ... but I've only been trying for about 6 minutes . 
