Had a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s Resort and hanging out with my cousins . 

Drove alot today ! 
has nothing going on today . 
had fun driving in the rain today . 
is bored and has nothing to do today . 
might go to the fair tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
making lunch and then i don't know . 
is at my aunts for the weekend ! 
is having a great day ! 
going up north tomorrow with my family and Christian . 
had a great time up north ! 
I got a new nickname it's CRASH !!!!!! 
had a interesting week with my family and Christian !!!!! 
going to play night games !!! text . 
can't wait till Sunday !!!!!! 
fricken tired from the bonfire at Christain's last night and the last day of summer !!!! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At the hospital with my brother and waiting for his surgery to start . 
My brother is home and is doing better . 
Hopes we don't get anymore freaken snow !! 
So glad that winter break is finally here !! 
Had a fun time on my vacation ! 
I wish my house didn't smell like fish ! Yuck 
Found out that if you eat fish with ranch dip it doesn't taste that bad . 
is not feelng well today :( 
Is feeling better today ! 
Hopes my brother and sister's hockey teams win there tournoments this weekend ! 
My sister lost her hockey game today and my brother's team lost theirs too . :( 
Just found out bad news ! 
Yeah , I am finally 16 !!!!! 
Yeah , todays my birthday ! 
Had a good birthday ! 
my first day of work went really well ! 
Just watched The Hangover ! 
is very happy 2nd quarter is over !!! :) 
has to get her wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning ! 
Tomorrow Morning is going to suck !!!!! 
My mouth is sore !!!! 
Can't wait till Sunday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Geometry is impossible to understand !!!! 
Had a great birthday and got awesome flowers from my grandpa ! 
Is so happy that my brother's hockey team won against Woodbury !!! 
Had a fun time with < PROPFEMALE > at the hockey game ! Woodbury coach very very scary !!!! 
My brother's hockey game tonight !!! Yeah :) 
misses my Columbian friends !! 
misses my Columbian friends ! 
Wishes we don't have school tomorrow ! 
Misses my Columbian friends expecally < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Had a papple today at lunch :) 
Can't wait till I graduate ! 
Can't wait till I graduate so I can visit < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Watching the Olympic opening !! 
Hopes summer would come !! 
Finally schueduled my driving test !! 
Wishes my brother's and sister's hockey season was not over ! :( 
Can't wait till the hockey expo tomorrow ! 
Had a great time at the hockey expo !!! :) 
Can't wait for Friday to come !!! 
Doesn't want to go back to school tommorrow ! 
Is happy it's finally friday ! 
Listening to music . 
Listening to SKillet and thinking ! 
Had a great weekend !!! :) 
Leaves for Spain in 12 days !!!! 
Leaves in 8 days !!!! 
My phone will be deactivated until I get back from Spain . Text or call me after July 1st after noon . 
I go to my fami9ly stay tomorrow in Ciudad Real !! Can´t wait it should be really fun ! 
Family stay starts tomorrow in Ciudad Real ! Can´t wait !!!! 
I am great and going to a Lake Cabin with my Family from Spain this weekend . I am excited . 
Last day with my family and then off to Madrid for my last night day in Spain ! 
Can´t wait to get back home and see everyone !!!!!! 
Hey < PROPMALE > !! 
Is having a great time at Eagles Nest Lodge !!!! 
Is making Chocolate Chip cookies !!! 
Is making smores in the microwave !!!!! 
Just went and visited my friend < PROPMALE > !!! :) 
Can't wait till Monday !! :D 
Anyone want to come over for night games ? 
Wishes it was Monday already !!!!!!!! 
Four o'clock hurry up ! 
School tommorrow !! :/ 
Love you lots grandpa !! 
Best < PROPFIRST>'s Day ever (: 
