I miss my little girl . Gone to camp until Wednesday . ' sigh ' 

Happy Father's Day !! 
Not wanting to work tomorrow . Worked on the house all weekend plus homework ! I'm tuckered out ! 
Glad the work week is over !! 
Going to watch fireworks tonight in Bland and tomorrow spending the afternoon with my parents for my mom's birthday . 
Off work ' til Monday night !! 
Someone hit us from behind in my < PROPFIRST > . I hate when people drive to close to you !! Everyone is ok ! 
Off to Six Flags to have fun with the family ! 
Finals today , 2 more classes til my degree !! 
Final is done with a half hour to spare !! Whew ! 
Not looking forward to going back to work today . Need more vacation days ! 
is going to my mom and dad's for dinner . 
10 hours of mindless work sure can make a person sore ! I need a thought provoking job ! You know one that will make my butt bigger . 
Going to my mom's for a BBQ ! My sister is here visiting :) 
\sigh\ " Back to work " 
At < PROPMALE>'s mom's for dinner tonight . Going to my dad's tomorrow to work on the roof and cook out . Yum ! 
Ready for a nap after working at dad's house . Everything turned out great ! So did the BBQ ! 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to dentist this morning . TMJ ... splint therapy first then braces ! Off to work soon . 
Just got back from meeting at work . I am now unemployed again ! I asked why they are buying companies overseas he did not have an answer ! Hmmmm . 
Ok someone please get on Farkle and kick < PROPMALE>'s score out ! He is being so cocky right now !! 
He just said no one will every beat him . He is to good ! 
I should < PROPFIRST > him on the back to keep him from hurting himself . Wouldn't want to hurt his Fargle hand . 
Appointment in Hermann today @ 9 then homework . 
Needing motivation ! 
I am done for the day ! 
Shopping this morning then housework ! Yea ! Fun day :( 
Terrible morning so far . Basement flooded out . < PROPFIRST>'s bedroom a complete mess . Changing him to another room and trying to find a place for everything else . Time for another yard sale ! 
Bigger part of the mess cleaned up . Time for bleach water on the walls and going through everything . May need to take down a couple of the walls to replace them . 
is needing a job !! 
Done with finals !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !! 
Aced my finals ! Now to get started on my Bachelors ! Yaa ! 
Off to Columbia for < PROPFIRST>'s appointment today . EEG and MRI . I hope he holds still !! 
One sick kido today , another out of school for PTC , and a flood in the basement to clean up . Wishing it would stop raining ! 
Happy Halloween !! 
Needing to get motivated today but enjoying the quiet to much with the kids in school ! 
I recieved part of < PROPFIRST>'s test results today . MRI-no problems YAY ! The rest will be in tomorrow . 
Visitation for Grandma Biere is tonight here in Owensville 3:30 for family and 4:00 to 7:00 for friends . Funeral is tomorrow at 10:30 . We miss her terribly . 
Homework is done after spending most of the day gathering contacts for work . I am so happy I have a job again ! Still have much more to do to get myself organized . After I am organized it should be smooth sailing ! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > woke up bad sick today . Time to go to the doctor ! 
Happy Birthday Dad !! 
My official degree came in the mail today all leather bound ! I am very proud ! 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
Having Thanksgiving at Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s first then my mom's house . We are going to be stuffed . I can say good-bye to the 15 pounds I have lost so far !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > is up early today . When it's school time we have to drag him out of bed . Go figure ! 
Just got done watching My Sister's Keeper . Highly recommend lots of tissue if you watch it . < PROPMALE > and I sat here and cried through most of it . Great movie ! 
Nothing . 
My daughter is now a brown belt in Kempo !! 
Ready for Christmas !! 
My oldest son is ready to move out so if you have any household items that you do not need anymore let me know . I can come by and get them . 
Out of school for 2 whole weeks !! Whoo Hoo !! 
My baby girl is sick ! I think she has the flu . I hope it's just a 24 hour bug . She thinks she ate to much junk at the Christmas party today at school . 
Taking my children and nephew to see < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks the Squeakquel tonight ! 
What is wrong with the world when your 13 yr . old daughter has to have a bank account and picture ID in order to get a check cashed ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I made waffles for my family this morning with my new waffle maker ! Thanks Mom ! 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy new year to all my family and friends !!! 
White 
Homework is done ! 
pulled back and curled 
straight and down 
I am planning on being more spontaneous in the future . 
My sinus infection is finally breaking up and the head spins are less . Thank God . I need to not wait so long to go to the doctor . It makes for an emotional rollercoaster when you let yourself get that sick ! 
Finally finished my psych paper ! 
Happy Valentines Day !! 
At the hospital with my dad . He is having surgery today . Hopsital has internet !! Yah ! 
Update on Dad ; He is fine . Came out of surgery ok . He has to come back for a stent in his heart . Now Mom needs to get to the doctor !! 
The children are here !! < PROPFEMALE > wanted breakfast for dinner . So 30 eggs , 3 sticks of sausage , and 35 bisquits later I am tired !! 
Very , very , very tired ! It has been an exciting weekend . I don't think I could have squeezed anything else in . 
Tired 
I hate math ! Sat for the last few hours trying to figure out one section . I want to be a psychologist not a math wize !! 
Up at 4:00 a.m. and going again ! At the hospital with dad . Getting a stent put in his heart . I'll keep you posted . 
Surgery went great . Dad is being honery with not wanting to lie still . His neuropathy is acting up and does not want to ask for pain killers . But he is doing great . Doctor said that was the only blockage he had . Ya !! 
Grey's Anatomy is on tonight !! 
For my birthday my hunny is taking me to see Aszure < PROPMALE > & Artists at the Touhill Performing Arts Center in St. < PROPFIRST > !! I'm so excited !! Mom , can you watch the kids ? :) 
My son asked his grandma why she looks so thuggish ! LOL 
I passed my final exam in math !! 
The trials of having a large dog . She took me out in my front yard on the sidewalk ! I swear I went flying and landed on my knee . I don't think it's going to work very well for awhile . Ouch !! 
Ready for Saturday ! 
Still ready for Saturday ! 
It's Saturday !!! 
Had an wonderful time today ! Azure < PROPMALE > was amazing ! Thanks to all who sent out birthday wishes . Thank you to my family for fabulous gifts ! Love you ! 
My washer is fixed !!! 
Took < PROPFIRST > to the doctors for blood work . He did great ! Then to top it off we went into McDonalds afterwards and asked for a menu he can point to to pick what he wants . No such thing . Hmmm ... wonder why ? They know now to have that accommodation . Any hoo .... < PROPFIRST > did great there as well . He was relieved when we were leaving . His whole body relaxed but he did not have a meltdown !! Yaa < PROPFIRST > !! 
Gone to Six Flags today ! Flexing hours at work to spend time with my WHOLE family !! 
Statistics sucks ! Members of the class are dropping like flies ! It's not an easy class but geez we still have team assignments to do ! 
Yard work is hard ! My big ol ' butt is not used to working that hard ! Taking a break and letting the children work on it .... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > said the brussel sprouts taste funny ! I told her because she was eating asperagus was probably the reason ! 
Walking through Wal-mart with a melon and toilet paper . Hmmmm ..... what do you think ? 
Wondering why others make my life more difficult ? Do they not know I can do that all by myself ? 
Just got home from teaching a class . Stopped at < PROPFIRST > D's for some coffee . Ready for statistics homework . Oh ya , statistics still sucks ! 
I lost my dog today . He was hit by a car after I got back from my mom's house . 
OMG ! I passed Statistics with an \A\ " !! That teacher did not pay attention did he ? " 
God help the children in < PROPFEMALE > ! I am sickened by what happened ! 
Lawyers are stupid !! 
Hope everyone of the ladies on here have a wonderful Mother's Day !! 
Good time at my mom and dad's today . I love it when dad bbq's! It was great !! 
Finally going to the doctor . Maybe he can fix my crazy ! ;) 
Going to the drive-in tonight . Shrek 3 and Iron Man 2 ! 
Garage cleaned out , shed out back cleaned out , and my office moved to a quieter location . Lots done today thanks to the kids , < PROPMALE > and I . Good job guys ! 
Had a great time swimming with the family this morning . Our giant schnauzer has learned how to climb the ladder and join us in the swimming pool . It was hillarious ! 
Building a new back deck on my house . Everyone is welcome to come over on the 19th of this month and help out ! :) 
Happy Father's Day to my dad and all of the wonderful dad's out there !! And Happy Father's Day to Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Dad ( < PROPFIRST > ) , and < PROPMALE > ( best dad in the world to my children ! ) 
OMG My oldest is moving out in a couple of weeks . He has an apartment !! 
Going to see the new Twilight movie tonight .... my daughter actually liked it even though she read the book first ! 
Great time at my parents yesterday ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > kept us laughing ! 
Happy 4th of July !! 
Found a couch , dining room set , pictures for the wall , a bit of folage for decoration , all for < PROPFIRST>'s apartment for only $150 . Pretty good buy ! 
Missing my little girl ! :( 
Started moving my child out at 7:30 am this morning . It's 10:43 and we already have all the boxes over there and the trailer loaded up . Just need to empty the trailer over there and take him grocery shopping ! Picture of us kicking him out to come ! 
I added a video of < PROPFIRST>'s apartment . < PROPFEMALE > obviously took the video . She is so funny ! 
Child is moved , homework is done ..... now time to move < PROPMALE>'s office . UGH ! We are always so busy ! Need a vacation ! 
My prayers go out to the children of St. < PROPFIRST > , the Brinker family , and the Schatz family . So sorry for your loss . 
Just swept the floors ... damn dogs should be naked with all the hair they loose !! 
Mowed the front yard and sides of the house this morning . OMG have I gotten lazy being an office worker !! I had to stop and take a cool down break I was so hot and tired ! 
< PROPMALE > farted on the dog . The dog ran like he bit him !! 
Homework is done ! < PROPMALE > has < PROPFEMALE > out playing D&D and < PROPFIRST > is sleeping . I can spend the rest of the night relaxing . Will I do it ? I hope so ! 
Kids are all back in school !! My daughter is now a freshman . ' sigh ' where does the time go ? 
TO ALL NON-PET owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets : 1 . They live here .. you don't . 2 . If you dont want their hair on your clothes , stayoff the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets more than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are .. animals . To ... me ,... they are my young'uns who are short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't speak clearly . 
Plan for the day ... clean house , do laundry , homework , shopping . All before I head out to Tan < PROPFEMALE > for the conference tomorrow . I so need a vacation ! 
Living room ... done , kitchen ... done , stairs and hallway ... done , bathrooms .... done , laundry ... still working on . Time for homework .... ya'll want to know this right ?... ;) 
Tools for Life , MPACT's 2nd Annual Transition Summit , at the < PROPMALE > State Office Building in < PROPMALE > City MO , September 17th , 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. FREE TO PARENTS AND SCHOOL PROFESSIONALS ATTENDING WITH STUDENTS . For more information and registration click the link below . \ 
https://docs.google.com/fileview?id=0B1bCDQZp7iYHZGU1NjAzZGItYWU4ZC0 ... 0ZDcwLTlkNDktNDdiOTQ4NjdmNjU2&authkey = CK75t70K&hl = enSee More 
First progress report came out ... Haley has all A's!! 
I like it on the table ! 
Watching a house around the corner burn down this morning . Thankful everyone who lived there got out alive . 
Ziplining .... fun !! Thanks Scott !.... gambling tomorrow instead of Six Flags ... will have to go on Friday . 
Long day ... 12 hrs of work .... tired ! 
We've gone through yet another set of furniture ..... thinking bean bags maybe the answer . :) 
Have a happy and safe Halloween ! 
Had a great time at our introductory yoga class with my daughter . Every Monday night ! 
Yoga is awesome !! I felt great afterwards ! 
Christmas tree up , homework done , < PROPMALE > and the kids off to < PROPFIRST>'s house playing D & D , < PROPFIRST > is sleeping , time to kick back for some \me\ " time .... meaning falling asleep on the couch till < PROPMALE > wakes me up and puts me in bed . :) " 
Wishing the children would not share the cold bugs they get at school !! So tired of being sick ! 
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas with their families and friends and have a happy New Year !! I know I will ! ;) 
On my way to a meeting today when a wreck happened about 10 ft behind me between 3 vehicles . If I had been just a few seconds later I would have been with them ! Yes I called 911 . I hope everyone was ok but it was a pretty severe wreck ! 
Lots to do this weekend ! I'm Just going to sit here and wait for motivation . Hope it comes before the weekend is over ! ;) 
Does Mother Nature not understand Autism ? Enough already .... we need our schedule back so my child will quit being pissed off !! 
