Looking for a new job ... Really interested in Property Management or Hotel/Hospitality . Anyone have contacts ? 

My company is hiring par t-t ime and full-time positions in DC and Tysons . If you're looking for a job , let me know . 
<--- bored and really want to leave work 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
is heading to NYC on Friday 
<----- packing for NYC 
is waving goodbye ; heading to nyc . see you all on Sunday 
is thinking about moving back to NYC 
is very tired . didn't get in until after 7 this morning ... 
HAVE I MENTIONED ... I hate this damn job 
just in from work at 2:00 a.m. and i get to set the alarm for 4:15 to do it all over again ... did i mention how i feel about my job ? 
note to self ... quit going out on Tuesdays :-) 
is going to happy hour with friends Friday . Who's meeting us out ? 
I may not be the most handsome or the sexiest guy , \ 
nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , \ 
but I'm a great choice ! I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because \ 
I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things in my \ 
past , but I'm proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am or watch me as I \ 
walk away ! Post if you're proud of being you !!!! 
a 17 hour day ... i love my job ! not so much really . 
i just love employees that don't call in , and i have to work the overnight shift after only one hour's sleep . yeap . just love it . needless to say , an employee is looking for another job ! 
is off to see the strippers tonight ! 
is going to happy hour tonight ... and needs it ! 
wonders why everyone i meet is just plain $*(@ ! ^% weird ...? 
Dear Mr. President , \ 
\ 
I hear you would like to \ 
freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also \ 
consider cutting you own pay to save much more money for our country ? \ 
While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people \ 
who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue\ 
raising pay ... for those who take no risks and reap the \ 
benefits ? PLEASE REPOST ! 
watched Glee for the first time tonight . Yeah , I know I'm a little slow . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . 
Due to possible inclement weather , not to mention other things , I am canceling all parties tomorrow for my birthday . Thank you for all of you that wanted to come . I do appreciate it . 
I won't be back on for a while . For those who are friends .... sorry . For those who know how to contact met ... feel free . 
went to Lady Gaga last night . :-) what a blast . 
My day off ... spent working ! 
Good night . You know who you are . :) 
Just finished a job interview ... keep your fingers crossed . 
is cleaning the apartment , and not liking it . 
:( sick 
