good thing i sorta like my job since i had to spend 32 of the last 48 hours there ! Thank goodness < PROPFIRST > terrifies I.T. minions or I'd still be there !! 

Has anyone actually gotten their farm house with storage or a second chicken coop ? 
If you can't hide it , decorate it ! 
OMG , How to completely waste a whole day and get paid for it - and it's still not worth it . Ok , so 3 of us are going to Nashville for work . Leaving the Springs at 9:13 . The plane ahead of us had a burned out light bulb ( not kidding - landing gear indicator light ) . We have no light bulbs in Colorado Springs . We must fly this piece in from < PROPMALE > . But they are blocking our gate . . . 
Soooo our plane can't leave < PROPMALE > to come get us for another 45 minutes . Ok , we might still make our connection to Nashville . Maybe . Well , not so fast pardner . We're gonna load you on the plane then forget who we let on and have to recheck everyone's ticket again . Meanwhile , the snow we've been expecting has moved in and now we can't take off - but no , you can't get off the plane - just sit there for an hour 
So we ask her to just get us a flight home to CS Well , turns out zombies can't think and it takes another 90 minutes to lose our luggage , get us standby on a flight that left 15 minutes ago and get us a seat on the 6 pm flight - which is delayed until 7:05 pm - oh and no refund because it's a weather delay ( NOT !! - The weather wasn't an issue until 2 hours after we were supposed to leave !! ) . 
To top it off , my flight home was next to a urine soaked curry addict with a flatulance problem ! Have you ever tried to hold your breath for 45 minutes ??? Long story - never ending , I leave for Scottsdale Sunday night , have no suitcase until it returns from it's trip to zombieland - SAME AIRLINES !! WTF did I do to deserve this ????? 
< PROPFEMALE > fest Sci-fi convention in < PROPMALE > April 16-19 ! Everything < PROPFEMALE > Trek , < PROPFEMALE > Wars , Babylon 5 , V , Battlestar Galactica , Dr. Horrible , Dr. Who , EVERYTHING !!!! Sci-fi , plus comics and horrorfest next door . < PROPMALE > , you gotta come up ! 
stupid facebook chat never works 
Tuesday night TV . Leave me alone : don't call , don't come over , don't text me , do NOT interrupt Glee or Idol or V . I WILL kill you . Just ask < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > . . . . uh , < PROPMALE > . .. 
2 more days to Starfest !! Nerds and geeks and Klingons , oh my . I can't wait . 
Ok , now that I've had 12 hours of sleep , STARFEST was the BEST !! I'll add the pics ( with comments ) tonight . Hey < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > - nice to see you !! 
Walking for Multiple Sclerosis at the crack tomorrow ! Supposed to be cold and wet - again ! Oh , well , it's for a good cause . Thanks to all of you who donated !! 
FOODfoodFOODfoodFOOODfoodFOODfood ! Down 10 pounds but STARVING 
Day 18 of the diet . . . 15 pounds down ! Only 60 more to go ! 
day 21 of the diet , 18 down , but I plan on CHEATING today .... ribs , potatoe salad , 7 layer salad - I'll try to keep it down to bites , but . . . 
Day 22 of the diet , 18 down , but I plan on CHEATING today . . . ribs , potato salad , 7 layer salad , yum . I'll try to keep it down to bites , but . . . 
Cheating bad . . . stomach ache and STARVING again . arggghhhh 
Day 28 - down 21 pounds 
day 34 of diet - down 22 pounds . onlr 11 more days at 500 kcal - then 1500 kcal of the same stuff for 4 weeks , then i can repeat ! 
Day 37 - down 23 pounds !!! 
day 38 - down 23.8 pounds yeeeee 
day 40 - down 25 !! 
Day 42 down 26 pounds - however if anyone finds my boobs tell them there was a misunderstanding - the thighs and buns were supposed to go not the boobs !! 
My dog is so wierd . He likes brocolli , strawberries and apples . 
No family here !! Worked all day yesterday , but today : cleaned out closets then headed to the movies !! Karate Kid was great , Toy Story was AMAZING and Shrek 4 was pretty good too . Nice cool , quiet afternoon !! 
Opps Day 44 down 27 pounds . Screwed up yesterday and suffered thru another 500 kcal day when I could have eaten more !!! So THAT'S what if feels like to eat only 500 kcal without HCG . Never again ! ( without HCG ! ) 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : There's a site called Spokeo.com . It's an online phone book that has pictures that you have posted on Facebook , phone number , credit score , profession , home value , income , # of children , & age . Search foryour name . Remove yourself by clicking the Privacy button on the ... bottom right on their website ....... and ... follow instructions . CUT , PASTE & REPOST please ~ 
Thanks for the girls night Rachy ! I had a great time having dinner with just you . I love you sweety ! 
MY FEET DON'T CARE THAT I LOST 27 POUNDS aka I SIT FAR TOO MUCH NORMALLY . My feet ache soooo bad I haven't been able to walk all night !! 
July 4th is two weeks post diet and I'm still maintaining a 27pound loss !! July 18th I can start again . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > ; I had a great time at the Renaissance Festival ! 
Dangit !! I'm half way through my 2 week build - a model of the Japanese Uji-Byodoi Hoodo - and the < PROPFEMALE > is missing a KEY piece . . . aaarrrrgggghhhh 
When will I get more than 4 minutes to spend time on Facebook ?!? 
Yay - 41 days post HCG diet and I am still down 29 pounds ! I meet with Dr. Kline Wed to do another round . I think I will try to drop one more before I start the shots again . It's not gonna be easy this time with all the out of state travel . Oh well . . . at least I will be grouchy to strangers ! LOL . 
Ok , here we go again ! Day one of 500 cal . Whoohooo 
So the next time you think your job sucks , remember the 33 miners stuck a half mile underground in 85 degree heat - trapped for at least 4 months - without pay !! ( which was pennies a day anyway ) 
day 8 of diet 7 pounds down 
NICE day off ! 8 pounds down and < PROPMALE > and I went on a 4 hour motocycle ride to Cripple Creek ! Of course no trip thru Woodland Park would be complete without a stop at the Donut Mill for a HUMONGOUS pecan cinnamon roll with chocolate drizzle . Bye Bye weightloss this week ! 
BAD news folks ! I found the CheeseCake Factory in Minneapolis . Sad and bad . I haven't had a BM in three days so I am now having a food enema : Chili's chips and salsa , Fajita nachos followed by a CheeseCake Factory Strawberry Shortcake . Hopefully I can resist a 3 day binge like in Wisconsin !!! Pray for me !! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyO2k-jApng&feature=player_embedded# ! 
Best movie trailler ever made for a book !! I gotta find the book ! \ 
Me in MN airport to < PROPFEMALE > agent : why am i not on th 3:20 flight to Sioux Falls like I have confirmation for ? \ 
Dummy agent : because your origninating flight from CS was cancelled . \ 
\ 
Me : What !?! I'm right here !! I didn't walk here ! WTF ? How many plans do U lose each day ? 
Problem : annoying neighbors playing loud rap noise while shootin hoops in street . \ 
Solution : pull out violin untouched for 2 years due to shoulder injury and start playing . \ 
result : sore shoulder , blistered finger and blissfully quiet street !! 
Disneyland in 2 weeks !! 
Smelly people should stay home and shop on the internet instead of polluting my airspace . Needing to vomit in public is slowing down my X-mas shopping !! Showers , people ; SHOWERs !! 
blech 
Arrrgh !! So I buy this cute shirt for < PROPFEMALE > for Xmas about a week ago . I go to wrap it today and what do I find ?? The magnetic anti-theft ink bomb still attached . I found myself at the Chapel Hills mall on freaking Xmas < PROPFEMALE > just for that . 
Sad day at the < PROPMALE > house ; Sneaky Snake passed over night and we had her funeral today . Sorry for your loss < PROPMALE > . 
itz 1240am and i just hecked in . I dont think Nashville agrees with me . 
Sick as a dog and the only perk for coming out here was supposed to be the warm weather - well the high today was 18 degrees . Granted not the 20 below at home but with the humidity --- it is amaz-freakin-ly COLD !!! I want me warm hubby , doggy and bed ! 
OMG ! TV without TIVO/DVR is annoying as hell !! 
is it wrong that me being the bad noisy smelly plane travel seat mate makes me feel a little better despite being unable to breathe ? 
Prehensile tits ! That is the only explanation for the woman driving down Woodman talking on the phone with her right hand and both smoking and gesturing out the window with her lef ! Must be the next evolutionary step for TPT . 
Arrggh !!! No computer for days and days until I get a new power cord . Facebook withdrawal !!! Pray 4 me ( jk ) 
Back from the best wedding and reception ever ! Everlasting love and happiness wishes for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
mmmmmmm frozen Thin Mints 
old timey pirates are soooo cool ! Just got back from the < PROPMALE > Museum of history and science or what ever - the old natural history museum ! awesome exhibit 
5 admits in 2 days - a total of 27 pts . . . i'm wiped !! 
hate the fucker !!! he even ruins my time OFF !! 
