losing my mind in te boringness that is my life . please some body help !! 

I'm Back !! Mission Accomplished !!! 
is laying on a chainsaw in the back of a truck with two other girls hiding from the cops covered in flour that could be easily mistaken for drugs . Greatest YSA conference . What a great returned missionary example ! 
is tired of being sick ! If it's not a cold then it's everything else ! 
want to know if any one going to the dance tonight in < PROPMALE > ? 
Loves her new phone !!!! Now if only I could remember the new number ! 
is toiling over a talk for sunday wishing she had a companion to help share the load !!! or atleast the nervous butterflies ! 
Ahh ! To many overwhelming big decisions ! Ahh ! 
wonders which more overwhelming buying a car , looking for and apartment , regestering for classes , buying a new computer , or doing all of them at once !!!!!!!!!! I'm on overload and the semester hasnt even started yet !!! 
is realizing < PROPFEMALE > is not something I have learned yet . I dont know who i am driving crazier , the people around me or myself !! 
I should be cleaning the house but i dont want to . instead i am wandering around here looking for something to do !! haha 
waiting up till 2am to register for classes !! So Sleepy !!! 
Dressed as her favorite Classic Detective !! Can you guess WHO ? 
Ugh ! I hate being nauseated sick !! 
First the flu , now a cold ! When is it going the end !!! 
loves her new CAR !!!!! 
loves laying on the floor in front of a good fire and watching a christmas movie ! 
Attention all BYU/ UT friends !!! Looking for something to do on New years < PROPFEMALE > !! I have no idea what to do . Save me from my boring lameness !! 
The weather out side right now is just like grey rainy washington day !!! I miss WA < PROPFEMALE > much ! I stood out in it and it felt < PROPFEMALE > nice !! 
is on the road !! Now in Oklahoma City !! On my way to UT !! Pray for good weather !! thanks !! 
staying the night in Gallup , NM . Tomorrow we are gallupin ' our way to flagstaff and then up to UT !!! YAY !!! Pray for good weather cause right now there is flooding and snow right on the roads that we need to take ! YIKES !!! 
We made it !! Back in Provo !!!!! YAYAY !!!!! 
Sitting at Music and the Spoken Word in the Conference Center with my mom and some family friends that we saw in the parking lot . How amazing forChristmas ! !!! So BEAUTIFUL !!! 
So school has started Sis Cicon and I have been reunited !! Life is going good ! Now if only I could figure out how to get the rest to go like this !! 
Defines success as buttoning her pre-mission jeans and haveing they stay closed !!!! Today I was successful ! 
has already gotten lost in the MARB and wondered around till i found my < PROPFEMALE > !! Then I slipped on the ice and laughed so hard that i couldnt get up ! The people around me dint really know what to do !! It was really funny !! haha Good part is that I am done with classes for today . Bad part is that that leaves me open for a ton more hilarious moments !! 
is it bad that it is only the 2nd week of the semester and I'm already tired of learning and studing and homework ? My eyes and brain hurt and we havent even hit midterms ! yikes this semester is going to be a challenge ! 
