just watched a really good True Blood . 

' s elephant shirt turned out EXCELLENT . 
is pretty fucking depressed that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead . I'm pretty sure the world is going to end soon . 
had fun and lots of it . 
went to Serious Pie today . SOOOOOO GOOD . 
Mysterious as the dark side of ... THE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > and playing Sims . 
I wanna do bad things with you . 
got requested for jury duty . FML . 
just finished watching season 1 of < PROPMALE > , and is very tired . 
likes Godric . 
was tortured all day long yesterday . 
My posse's on Broadway . 
had the first party of many to come in our new apartment last night !! 
Little boxes on the hillside , little boxes made of ticky tacky , little boxes on the hillside , little boxes all the same . :) 
had SO much fun last night . hehehe . :) 
Reading reading reading reading reading . 
Is excited for girls night tonight . 
just bought some puppy chow . :) 
NEW PUPPY NEW PUPPY NEW PUPPY !!!!!!! But no camera . :( 
just drank half a pitcher of < PROPFEMALE > light and is still thirsty ? :/ 
got an alpaca hat . :) 
< PROPMALE > is < PROPMALE > , Cayce is < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > is < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > is Creed , and I am < PROPFEMALE > . 
had FUN !!! last night . 
and < PROPMALE > have too much fun together . 
Just watched a good episode of < PROPMALE > . 
OWNED her speech . 
SCIENCE !!!! The answer to everything !!!! 
has a case of the mondays . 
Hates Glee . 
I'll never wipe away your kisses , no matter how slobbery they are . 
battled a spider and a psych test today . 
' s puppy just chewed through her speaker and printer cords . :( 
was humiliated today . 
watching new harrry potter !! 
has the best puppy ever . :) 
Wouldn't it be cool if it snowed parmesian cheese ? 
found her boyfriend hiding in the closet when she told him to go to class ... 
ITS SNOWING ITS SNOWING ITS SNOWING !!!!!!! 
has officially signed up for her classes and is switching to psych ! 
has a wet puppy on her lap . 
That's why you don't teach lessons ... to your son . 
loves her daddy . :) 
The week is almost over ... so close . 
kicked her nerves and cramps in the face and FUCKING OWNED HER SPEECH !!!!!!!! 
Finally finished Inglorious Bastards . SO good . 
is cuddling with her pup-a-lup . This is what true love really is . 
You gotta pay the troll toll if you wanna get in that boys hole ! 
LAST DAY OF PUBLIC SPEAKING !!!!! I am never going to public speak again . 
Sometimes you lie to someone , and then you feel really bad about it . But then they go and do something really douchy , and then you're glad you screwed them . 
just watched World's Greatest Dad . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is still amazing . 
answered 226 multiple choice questions today . I think this calls for some peanut M+ Ms. 
Today is going slow . 
I'm trying to turn off my comp so I can study , but I just .... CAN'T!!!!!! 
IS DONE WITH FINALS !!!!! 
had fun sneaking out with < PROPFEMALE > . XD 
MIDNIGHT BANANA . 
I looked in a dumpster and saw a wig , and said \Hey brother I'm gon take this . \"" 
< PROPMALE>'s , Old People Home , < PROPFIRST>'s , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s , < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
New goal in life : Marry a chiropractor . Or find some way to get free back therapy for the rest of my days . 
just wants to go home already . 
Psych 490 , Psych 311 , Anth 201 , Hist 102 , < PROPMALE > 101 , Bio 201 . Anyone with me ? 
Not a good night for the tummy . 
is on an uncomfortable caffeine high . 
We don't have any bowls left , so I'm eating macaroni and cheese out of the pan . 
forgot how much she LOOOOOOOVES strawberry ice cream . 
Hey , you just stuck your kid in the eye with your \Save the Children\ " sign . " 
One can see that any argument having this form will be such that if it's premises were true ( maybe as a matter of fact they are , but maybe they aren't ) then the conclusion would have to be true ( though as a matter of fact , the conclusion may not be true ) . Oh ... Now I get it . 
Cheezits , Clementines , and 30 Rock Dvds . :D 
loves wednesdays . Only one class , my favorite , and then I get to spend lunch with my friends . :D 
All done . 
met someone she wants to be exactly like when she grows up . 
forgot how amazing She Wants Revenge is . 
TAAAAAAAAAAAATER TOOOOOOOOOOOTS . 
should not have eaten all that mexican food . 
My psych teacher passed around vibrators today . 
\GASP ... I ordered a pizza ... \"" 
is watching starship troopers instead of studying . 
is IN LOVE with fried chicken . There , I said it . 
Now that song is stuck in my head . :/ That's the last time I watch Ghostbusters out of boredom . 
plays hide and seek with her pup a lup . 
If you're lookin for me , you better check under the sea , cause that is where you'll find me . :) 
Welcome to the circus of value ! 
is going to take a shower before the water pressure goes back down . 
I FORGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!!! Ugh ... 
just had a big boost of energy ! 
Pascal just wants to derail us from the logical train track . 
is drinking apple sauce from the can . 
< PROPMALE > Baldwin doesn't pee on his friends . 
When life keeps handin you anchovies , just cover them up with some extra cheese AND MAKE A PI-ZZA !!! 
ate too many green onions . 
doesn't have any homework to do over break ! 
I wanna DONUT 
is beginning to think spending spring break with her family was a bad idea . 
You're damn right you don't want any trouble I'm a whaaaaaaale . 
can't believe she wasted her entire spring break . It was boring , full of drama , and only got to ski twice ! This is definitely the last family vacation I'm taking . In such a bad mood right now . 
Taco night . 
just watched < PROPFIRST > Carlin for the first time . I don't think I've ever laughed so hard before in my life . :D 
PHILOSOPHY IS INTENSE . 
It's REALLY < PROPFEMALE > outside ! BEST WEATHER EVER . 
has zero food . 
got sick somehow . D: 
I think I am a zombie . 
stayed up until 5 watching Pet Sematary , had crazy nightmares , and never wants to sleep again . I'm so lame . 
thought today was gonna suck but it is actually awesome . My test was moved to next week and someone smelled like french toast on the bus this morning . 
Differ is a weird word . 
may become a vegetarian after watching Food Inc ., but other than that , gonna party my ass off because I owned my stat exam today ! 
With every mistake , we must surely be learning . 
somehow slept in until 2 and wasted half her day D: 
wrote a poem about a bus . 
fulla sketti . 
is sad about the plastic bags stuck in the trees behind my house . :( 
It all started with a sandwich . 
My boyfriend wants me to < PROPFEMALE > around a screwdriver for safety . <_< 
My puppy follows me around in the morning while I'm getting ready . :D I love my life . 
WE PICKED OUR NEW APARTMENT . EEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!! 
Super-studying starts tomorrow . 
I think I might be a hippie . 
11:40 Wake up . 11:43 Catch bus . 11:57 Sprint up hill . 11:59 Bust into class gasping for breath . 12:00 Turn in paper . 12:01 Go back home to study . 
was eaten alive by a statistics final . 
is not in the mood to sit in my house and study for the 5th day in a row . 
SCHOOL = OVER . KRISTA = ECSTATIC . 
FREEZE , turkeys . 
A- in STATISTICS . HEEEEEEEELLLLLLL YEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!! 
Vancouver is amazing . Explored the city , Five Guys for lunch , and went to Trader Joes today . :D 
CIRQUE DU SOLEIL ON FRIDAY !!!!!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!! 
Turned in job apps today and bought Red Dead Redemption . :D It's gonna be a good night . 
GOT A CAR FOR HER BIRTHDAY . HOLY SHIT ! 
Once upon a time , a girl sat down and watched a bizarre television show for 6 years . Then she got slapped in the face . The End . 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes everyone !! <3 <3 <3 
is in a waaaay better mood now . 
taught < PROPMALE > a new trick ! 
has been checking craigslist and applying for jobs like craaaaaazy . 
GOT AN INTERVIEW TOMORROOOOOOOOWWWW !!!!! 
is basically in love with < PROPMALE > Maher . 
All my shows are done . But thats ok because TRUE BLOOD is almost here . 
has been watching too many squidbillies . 
is sick so that's my excuse for playing video games all day . :/ 
Broccoli . Mmmmmm . 
THAT'S MY PURSE ! I DON'T KNOW YOU !!! 
I want strawberries . Anything with strawberries . 
EXCITED FOR TOMORROW . 
I don't know if I'm going to sneeze , or I'm going to cry . 
I'm flying high , but I've got a feelin I'm fallin . 
There's a bomb in the watermelon !!!! 
You have to want it as much as you want YOUR NEXT BREATH . 
I can't believe it's STILL 91 degrees out . RAAAAAWWWWWRRRR !!! 
Had an amazing day ! Went to the lake with < PROPMALE > and taught Hugey to swim ! 
is sunburned and COVERED in bug bites . But I think that's what summer is all about . 
If everyone thought with an open mind , there would be no need for therapists . 
Just chased my pug around the apartment for 20 minutes . 
This weekend was exactly what I needed . :) SNIFF aaaaaahhhhhhh . 
You know it's going to be a good day when you start out at the Cricket . MMMMMMM 
My 80th time watching Sita Sings the Blues . <3 
Hide your kids Hide your wife Hide your kids Hide your wife 
picked yummy blueberries with awesome people , and now a pie is in my future . 
My dog woke up early , got into the treats and ate an ENTIRE new bag , then woke me up to take him out AGAIN . But I think I still love him . <3 
Had an amazing day with my best < PROPMALE > !! <3 
< PROPMALE > PEDROS TACOS . Will be in my belly soon . 
The cookies brought us together . :) 
I love laughing . I love love love it . 
First day of school . Wooooooooo 
I haven't been this happy in quite a long time . I feel for once like every aspect in my life is going as planned . Just realized I've been with a freaking awesome guy for 5 years today , we have the dog we've always wanted , and I finally have an idea of who and what I want to be . I love my new life , new classes , and the amazing family and friends who have always cared about me . <3 
I bet the trees love swaying in the wind . 
had a great night last night and is excited for a bombin weekend !!!! :D 
Debated with < PROPMALE > about the ending of Memento last night for 2 hours . 
Popped my tire today . :( 
2 exams in the next 20 hours , then endless homework . KILL ME NOW . 
I want to watch MacGyver . 
Metal Gear Solid 4 
has too much logic homework on the weekends which results in spending all day on my computer instead of going to Portland and doing fun stuff . :( 
snuggled my face in a puppy before I left . I am ready to face the world . 
I want to wear this sweatshirt for the rest of my life and keep running and running and running away from the real world . 
My dog smells like corn chips . :/ 
Pink < PROPMALE > made me cry today , and it's only monday ... sigh 
SO EXCITED to make my Sita costume this weekend !! :O 
woke up with a headache from a stress dream . It's going to be another long week . 
Whoa ... that math test was 8 pages long . 
Carvin my pumpkin , working on my costume , voting , and watching The Great Pumpkin . 
Had a fantastic Halloween weekend 
It's raining water , leaves , and responsibilities . 
My Grandpa remembered me . :) 
IT'S THE WEEKEND !!! YAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH !! 
loooooooooves trailor park boys . :D 
The smashed pumpkin next to my parking spot finally rotted away ... but that's about all that's new . :/ 
I am just amazed that people think it is okay to interupt a lecture so they can scream profanities at each other . SO RUDE . 
OOOOOOOO WWWEEEEEEEEEEE WHat up with that . what up with that ? 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Best movie ever . 
Very delicious Thanksgiving . YUM . 
The next 3 weeks are going to be the busiest of my life . 
Not patient enough for kindergarden right now . NOPE . 
You can never rely on pity . 
My prof cancelled class because of a family emergency . And the presentation we've been working on all semester will not be presented ... I don't know if I should be relieved or really bummed . 
Just made the best grilled cheese ever , and about to study for 2 finals tomorrow . 
It's always nice to start the day off talking to a good friend , getting a final over with , and getting a care package in the mail . :D 
I am done . I am SO DONE . Yessssssss 
I want potato skins so bad right now . :/ 
Hiccups all day . :( 
Stupid < PROPMALE > orientation . Oh well . < PROPMALE > cooked chicken stir fry ! :3 
Does life get any easier ? Does anyone know ? 
Would appreciate a bright blue sky with some little white clouds in it . 
Bleeeehh ... The fifth graders noticed my thumbs . Was not prepared to be made fun of all day . :( 
127 hours = \And that's why you always leave a note\ " \ 
I hate school sometimes . I just wanna party ! 
Umm ... History prof quote of the day ? \They cut off women's breasts and used them as fucking hats !!! \"" 
I'm a little off this semester . :/ 
Valentimes . :) 
HOLY SHIT . Just made $200 from a server donation !! 
I'm sorry , but at the end of the day , if you don't believe in evolution or think that gay people shouldn't be able to marry , I'm just not going to be able to take you seriously . You are IGNORANT . 
Learning Cantina Band on recorder . You can't stop me ! 
The Interview : my mortal enemy . Let the excruciating month-long anticipation begin . 
This music final is so insulting . I want to punch my instructor in the face right now . I am going to be up for hours answering these pointless questions . FMLFMLFML 
is drunk . 
Garlic Parmesan Tater Tots ... <3 
Can't wait until my pineapple is ripe so I can eat it all in one bite . :3 
Guess who has been officially accepted into the < PROPMALE > Program !!! MUAH !! :D 
