got back from beeing a teenager w my friends 

I wish that everything would be as it should be , but i'd be nieve to think that could actually happen , so back i hide . 
i like it on the dinner table 
Deadly smile , gorgeous eyes , warm heart filled with lies , no complaints , pushed around , for some reason she won't fall down . Independent , pretty face , run away without a trace . 
life is amazing when you just sit back and let it do it's magic 
Firefighters , EMT's , Paramedics , & Law Enforcement Officers of all kinds work the streets day & night to keep people safe . They are missing their family to care for yours . In 2010 , there were 85 firefighters , 39 EMS and 160 police officers killed in the line of duty . Re-post this if you are a firefighter , EMT , Paramedic , or Law Enforcement Officer , loved one , or appreciate one , or just take a moment to thank them . 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
Life is complety unpredictable and wonderful when you just sit back and let it happen 
showed my friend < PROPMALE>'s gay lover this song saturday \ 
on the cross\\save yourself -The Used love this song 
If you have a wonderful man who helps balance your world , who isn't perfect , but perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for every day ... BRAG about him a little and re-post this as your status . I love you < PROPFIRST > your so wonderful to me . 
good Lord , i hate being sick but i have everyone taking care of me and as for my friends who know what happened last night thank you so much for supporting me and < PROPFIRST > . I would have never been able to sleep if i wheren't for you guy . thank you 
Dear Government , if you feel the need to stop paying our military personnel , then I think you should feel the need to stop paying yourselves . I'd like to see you support your family without a pay check ! By the way , maybe if you take your pay check down to less than $100K it would help some of the budget issues in < PROPFEMALE > . I'd like to see you survive on enlisted military personnel pay ! REPOST if you AGREE 
Last few days have been incredible lots of stress off after getting that book review in . Just hope Bre feels better very soon , I'll be praying for you . Baby i had fun hope you did too . 
