Enjoy 

Are you ready ?? 
I am working at College Park < PROPFEMALE > 
I am going to sleep we get off from work at 11 am and I am going to sleep for a few hours now . Tomorrow New York it's waiting for me everybody enjoy the Thanksgiving . 
Hello Everyone I have a few pics from the streets of NY I will upload one or two of them soon . 
I am at Takoma Park at this time and I am really proud of being working on this new apartment complex for the students at College Park . 
The Clubhouse it's nice and have a nice theater with 8 speakers on the wall I will be working there tomorrow trying to finish the data and tel jacks 
Going to sleep , tired after driving for a few hours . 
Yes I can see some snow , a few inches , it look like snow and water 
I will sleep all night and part of the sunday morning good nite everyone . 
I want to expand my brains RAM memory , it's out of date with only a few Kilobytes 
Feliz Año Happy New Year to all my friends God bless you !!!!!!!! 
Happy New Year to the pets !!! 
Next : pix 
My keyboard is not responding 100% at this litlle bb can i replace ? maybe 
Listening : < PROPFIRST > Idol White Wedding @ 273 kbps in win media player 
Listening : \The Summer Is Magic \"" 
I will upload some more pics soon I will try to upload some photos of the Clear Creek National Park at Alabama We did some work in there . 
Eating some good food .. 
And bread 
I totally Hate to drive more than 5 < PROPMALE > 
Upload some pics : < PROPMALE > Garden Inn , Snow , NY 
58 < PROPMALE > , Happiness & The < PROPFEMALE > ... 
This is like country style clothes 
Rod = on , = Ha*rd = on , = Rock = on ,. 
I can't believe that I'm writing Download the wrong way I should go back to the old school and stay there for a long time ... 
Yes of course I went to school but I spent all day in the old computer lab .... 
( Believe ) Yes I should go back to elementary school God bless my soul ... 
I am trying to change the route for Itunes Library 
Ok I just Found < PROPMALE > Garden Inn @ McDonough , Ga !!! I will Upload a few pics now . 
Now I will try to find a pic of the ugly orange Italian Hand Blown glass spoons-like $ 10,000 Chandelier . I didn't like that one ... And I Install that one myself , they told me NOT to break Any of the spoons ! 
Amazing !!! I am on a virtual tour of the Hotel !!! 
There I will spend all day fishing on that 15 mile long lake and I will cook my own food on one of the 50 grills , everyday a new one . 
And I'll walk to see the cool little hidden waterfalls 
Ok , thats enough for today i'll have to work tomm not for the cash but for the Love to the Job .. But first a new pic ! 
That's why I hate the people that like to make competition , and for them I will write the following : grab the ground with one hand an then stick your finger in the breaker slot or touch any of the hot top lugs and then keep it there and apply more pressure . 
when I want to test something quickly I touch the ground screw with my left thumb , and with the one on my right hand , Guess what ? yes the hot ...... 
And when I do that I can feel the 60 Hertz per second pulsating and flowing in my blood 
And that doesn't make me any better , instead only somebody out of his mind would do that .. 
All this reminds me when I got shocked really bad at the Spider's < PROPMALE > I was trying to change this 1/0 wires in the lugs and while I was doing the final tightening on the hot with the < PROPFIRST > wrench this guy turned on the breaker and the bad thing was : I had my knees buried in the mud . after that my whole right arm and hand felt like frozen for about 2 days . 
OK end of the night training and remember two things : Never try to play with fire and never take the expressway or freeway unless you are a trained professional .. 
But first : A pic 
Coming up next : < PROPMALE > Garden Inn Gainesville , Ga 150% commercial work 
All the pics are mixed up at this time I will have to make 3 new folders to organize them 
The little pics look better now that they are organized .. 
I am not having fun at this time what should I do ? : Download new music 
Is listening some music : Radiohead-Creep 
Coldplay-Yellow .. 
From the first time when I was learning in school and those < PROPFIRST > and words showed up I knew that will be the end . A+B = C Who thinks that mixing < PROPFIRST > and words in math it's cool ? 
And now while I am trying to install new Motorola software to read this old cell files and I figured out that I should install the program to read the phone's software and is not reading so I might have to install some kind of driver , I am feeling exactly the same and I can see those ugly words and < PROPFIRST > together again , this time I will suffer but at the end I will win and live the rest of my life as a Champion 
I won't accept nothing less than full victory : < PROPMALE > D Eisenhower .. We got it D .. 
Should I Add New pics of N.Y. in high resolution ? 
Only One or two today might be enough 
Watching the NY winter pics and christmas trees , Dancing stars coming up next ... 
Is taking a look at Bit Defender Web page : Guard your conversations with top-of-the line encryption 
If Everyone is lucky I could upload some pics of the biggest meteorite on display , radioactive/glow in the dark multi-color stone/rocks ... 
I just have to fix 2 little things and everything will be safe and pretty 
After that I will sleep like a Baby ... 
I will work tomm not for the cash but for the Love to the work ... 
I'm in Love with the blinking blue and green LED's on the wireless router . So what's next ? 
Trying to withstand the pain . Listening good music might be good ... 
1,000,000,000 little wires left , no fun for me .. 
Thinking about Medal Of Honor Frontline . Honor is not a choice , is the only thing . 
the single's fan < PROPFEMALE > it's some kind of Adware I erased that one .. 
Everyone : The best thing to do is scan the system at least once a day but I think most of the new antivirus software do automatic scan ... 
And automatic updates so-we-are-in-good-shape :-) 
And new music ! More pics soon ... 
Ro and a broken heart 
My dream came to life when I saw those Radioactive rocks right in front of me 
Coming up next my favorite : Glow in the dark rocks/stones ( multi-colors ) 
A broken heart in my right hand , I wish I could hold your hands forever but I'll let you go . 
New music and pics helping to withstand the pain 
Maybe a little bit of work at Baltimore Downtown I wonder How it feels to be in the unfinished top floor ? I will be able to see clearly Pratt St. The Stadium and the Aquarium . 
All this reminds me of Towson , Towson-Alexandria 80 < PROPMALE > everyday for 3 years is NO fun at all . Do it again ? Forget about it ! 
I am going to find me a little dog or a little cat , something with a good sense of Loyalty 
And Balt Dwtwn , High rise bld , string , metal , stairs , fun , Hard Rock Cafe 
Is a little bit sick and a little bit tired : Head hurts , no energy , can't sleep ... 
Is thinking that Is time for new pics 
Is thinking that the < PROPFEMALE > is made out of cheese and the sun is a big pineapple :-) 
Is Freedom Is Freedom Is Freedom New Music 
And pics ? Now ? 
I can Tell that @#$%# song is no good , I'll try to find a good one ... 
I think her voice will be good on my profile 
And Classic Rock might be a good choice for the time being 
Is a little bit tired and thinking in going to bed 
Is trying not to use his hand as a weapon against the enemy that is getting closer and talking lots of garbage , Please help me G 
Working in sunday all the way to 8:30 Pm is not fun and someone might have to pay for the whole broken dinnerware 
1+2 = 4 ?? 
It's time for a little vacation 
\The summer is magic \"" 
And with MP3 and WMA is even better 
Lights , Camera , ...... 
and mile after mile more than a hundred 
Is 500 m way down south , takin ' a little break at rest area , 100 < PROPMALE > left . 
Since I am not able to make this w keyboard to sync to the pc I might have to surf in this device and write on this < PROPFEMALE > keyboard 
600 < PROPMALE > ? Forget about it 
Is listening some music and trying to figure out about the pollution level on the air or toxicity on the environment of this new little job 
SAD :( 
Working too fast ? Not a good Idea . \ 
Best choice : wait and read new specs 
Is trying to figure out the right setup and config 
is time for : ?????? 
Is time for primer/sealer 
Good Morning Everyone 
@ Griffin . Is thinking that is time for < PROPMALE > but the SDcard port isn't responding on this laptop , upload pics later 
An environmental disaster is a disaster that is due to human \ 
activity and ... In this case , the impact of humans ' \ 
alteration of the ecosystem has led to ... 
The Little pics look a lot better now 
Is editing pictures in Paint . NET v 3.5.5 / Adjustments ? 
While\ 
my brother is away\ 
@ GHP I'll enjoy this cool wireless mouse\ 
and wireless\ 
keyboard , it can't be better than that .. 
local disks C :/ and D: / running out of space , I may need to install a 3rd hard drive , my friend told me the slower thing on a pc is the hard drive (????) 
I really can't understand why they make a new version of the programs to update every month ? e.g. : Do you want to install the newest version :3 . 5.4.8.7.6 of Flash Player in your computer ????? 
Is going to work on the big freezer tonight , no fun for me . And I hope not to hit any of the refrigerant lines , otherwise the people might be in Danger 
Just got off from work/Freezing working in front of the big cooling fans 
& Installing state of the < PROPMALE > F Fixtures in 20th Century plaster ceilings 
8 footers & 4 Footers 
I'll be on my way to Ga in about 1 hour , 400 < PROPMALE > from h 
Finally here , a little bit of rain ( no good ) and good music ( good)\ 
Getting shocked by 277v feels like two 120v together 
I was there in the first floor classroom at 2:15 am by myself trying to change the burned out sensor for the lights and adding one more when the all the lights went off and on for one second\ 
on that building built in 1901 I was lucky I had my little flashlight with me , and yes the hallway was completely dark 
Is eating a suno Dessert : strawberry , kiwi , mango , g tea 
Is listening music : philips Aria w/full sound technology 
Music , reading & cranberry juice . My brother play on the laptop all day and all night i think this is not completely normal , it might be some kind of addiction 
Is surfing on win7 starter and rating ? I'll give it a B- and the win media player new design is not easy to use so i'll give it a \C\ " if they\ " re lucky " 
It's official !! I will go to Pennsylvania next week 
Is going to work this morning , starting at 3:30 am 
I'll try to find the VW-Golf W-12 Wolfsburg edition , 12 big cylinders+turbo 
@ Mountain Top . Here the people drive like if they have been drinkin ' a little and they feel like driving at Nascar race track . They think is a little game 
This next few weeks is gonna be a competition to death working all night and gettin ' shocked everyday , I am against all competition but they want some fun 
Is surfing the Web , work start from 3:00 pm to 3:00 am 
Is a little bit tired . All this hard work remind me of my childhood , at my dreaming stage : My father told me : Fer , you must work hard so the good and right girl is attracted by you . And I just figure out that the girls are attracted by the lazy and nasty guys . So from now on I'll be lazy and enjoy laziness 
At 4:00 today I'll be working on the lift , 30 ft in the air , that is fun 
Done work for today , It feels good to do something to help save the energy and the earth . \ 
Energy efficient lights , there is smart people doing research on good things :) 
Work start : 3:00 pm , I got a nice 18v hammer drill and a sharp tool to break the < PROPMALE > locknuts so im in good shape 
Time to surf a little and sleep . Today I work in this area and all the metal is completely rust , I had to break and drill the metal to get it done . 
Surf and today i will get a nice channellocks and remove the pipe twisting and i really dont want to use the nice Milwaukee drillbits from Power Design I need the right tool to make it sharp 
Is eating breakfast burrito , onion rings and mozzarella sticks gettin ' ready to work and the bad thing is : the whole ceiling is covered up with this dust from the corroded metal due to the acid in the bld and when that stuff gets into the cuts on my hands i'm gonna cry like a little baby 
Is work done for today I am still not happy and not satisfied with my performance I have to add more speed , but at the same time everything is clean , straight and safe so i'll sleep 
Is listening Playlist to go1 this full sound setting is O.K. 
Last night I burned my nice Wcutters they died in the battle like a soldier . They are completely damaged due to the little accident and they lost their life 
Is done work for tonight I am hungry , metal dust on my hands and head and the cuts on my hands are healing . I really want to sleep but I should take a shower first 
Cut 
Is do wrk for tonight , eating bfast @ < PROPFIRST>'s at < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > 
Is surfing @ liveleak.com: Redefining the media 
In the morning < PROPFIRST > told me to take pic for evidence of rain in the 
Now I will edit some pics , but in this new version of paint I can't find the brightness control setting for the nice work done at Microsoft -10 points for Operating Syst . and 10+ pt for Apple Mac-Os-X 
To advance < PROPMALE > OS X Leopard , Apple engineers went deep into the code to streamline , secure , and add new core technologies 
Glow in the dark 
Yes I will eat get me some of the 31g protein bars and finally after the training gain muscle at a mind bending speed 
On the way to S.C. later : Richmond , Va 
I will try to find the win millenium edition , with all the upgrades and install not on this netbook on my bro's desktop pc 
To install : wide view dual technology corner motion sensors . \ 
Remaining : #600 
Drinkin ' red bull give me wings 
95n eating nature valley roasted almond&honey/powerade sour melon 
Working all night is not fun , I will sleep a little now zzzzzz 
My headphones = broken = no music , I have to buy some good earphones soon ... 
And I will play with these new kind of switch motion sensors , and I can tell it always take a minute to figure out the new tech , everything is on the < PROPMALE > but it could be tricky to make it work on the wrong application 
I have been shocked so bad with 277v to the point I found out the body is sensitive and the skin is very thin , but it feels good when I do something good for the people , and always keep in mind everything I do must be safe to protect people otherwise if something goes wrong and people get hurt everything could be lost 
Time for Bfast 
They talking about going back to < PROPFEMALE > to do 4 fixtures , that's like 800 < PROPMALE > , then that place is full of chemicals and I might have to do it and work right there by the side of the big acid containers : NO 
Today start : 4:00 pm to 2:00 am , then sleep zzzzzzzzzz 
Dinner at 3:00 am . I have good signal on the wnetwork and i'll surf for a while , then shower and sleep 
I just change the battery on my $20 Craftsman meter : 0 and I will do some testing to\ 
find the line , last night I had volt reading : 300v then 283v and that is some juice 
Someone told me : We strive for quality and I should say all good things You do should be rewarded yes 
trident layers or trident white to keep your teeth clean and prevent stains 
In the next few < PROPFEMALE > I will get me a nice snack and later on smoothie planet and I will make a nice mix : kiwi , grapefruit and maybe green tea & green apple or strawberry 
To finish with all the flavor mix : fiber one bars oats and chocolate 
@ Holiday Inn . For a reason still unknown we got off at the wrong exit ( GPS wrong setup ) and stop at ihop for lunch and I found Mazza Grandmark ! down the street the proyect we finish this year here at College Park . I am trying to understand this event . Walter : can you believe this ? 
Driving ? Forget about it , i'll sleep Zzzzzzzzzz 
Workin ' all night time for bfast @College Park , Md . Should i go back to school and do it right this time ? Hope there's no sniper around 
Takin ' a look at the product quality awards from 2003 to 2009 
You want me to drive ? Are you kidding ? Ok let me have it or you will kill us both . Next new music : listen to your heart 
Driving is a pain in the *** if they tell me to drive a BMW or < PROPFEMALE > or Bentley they can have it I don't want it , no , the passenger seat is the place for me , thanks 
Some more pics ? 
Eating apple pie , not too sweet and crunchy 
Snow Transformation Pack 1.0 released ! The wait is over . The most versatile and blazing awesome transformation pack for OS X fans is released with new standard that even surpasses Seven Transformation Pack . 
In the 6th floor 
On the way to start work 2 days left . Now : full batt on philips aria mp3 
Time to sleep : start/shutdown 
Yes it takes a minute to 
test the new sensors dual tech 
I should say it takes hours and at the end : delay test timer : 30 sec 
and at the end I will be satisfied about the test of the new tech ....... 
all this reminds me of my old < PROPMALE > power book 100 loaded with plenty of games and settings 
and the disk drive read only < PROPMALE > apple diskettes 
I have been invited to join the 24fl new in Balt . I don't want it they can have it , Maybe later they take me to the new proyect in Texas , I will be playing in the underground and gettin ' paid for it 
Race weekend in richmond . The < PROPFEMALE > need to be fixed due to less than perfect cooling 
we'll surf for the time being 
The premise of this study is that those who deal with the large issues of world\ 
politics should understand what is known , and perhaps more importantly what is not\ 
known , about the likely consequences if efforts to deter and avoid nuclear war should\ 
fail . Those who deal with policy issues regarding nuclear weapons should know what\ 
such weapons can do , and the extent of the uncertainties about what such wea 
additionally , \ 
the possibility of significant long-term\ 
ecological damage cannot be excluded . 
mmm wheat thins stix , the crunch is calling . I'll find ' em 
A few weeks ago I lost my aunt and is a shocking experience to think that she is not here anymore ......... All I can do is bring her a little flower 
Surfing on PSP for the first time and is taking longer than I expect to write on this kboard 
Coming up next : 97Mustang engine upgrade V6 to V8 
My father taught me how to work and I should do something good , that is what he wants me to do 
We have been working this afternoon trying to fix the A/C at a friend's house . My friend and a/c pro < PROPMALE > took care of the test in the furnace and condensing unit . We found the heat unit burned out . and the compressor in the outside unit not starting . \ 
The best thing to do is replace furnace and c . unit 
Time for dinner 
Surf the web 
Downloading with a quality of 128 to 320Kb/sec . 
Everything sounds better with the JVC earphones . Good low frequency playback 
/Scan running 
Bandwidth ? 
Little work in the basement on saturday , is gonna look pretty at the end 
Unable to connect to wnet . I'll b listening music on wmp 
I can see the guys at Ms add the Dolby sound filters to wma . No competition ? 
Work done for today . I think everyone is sleeping and that is good 
I am scared like a little girl . NY : 880.99 M , driving ? : Forget about it . \ 
I let them do it , sleep : O.K. 
Fun : 222 Gb and win zip to save space 
And what about the life ? Sometimes I have fun and I found out sometimes you have to feel the pain and there is no < PROPMALE > to run . Last night while working in the hydraulic lift 30 ' in the air every time I move and the wheels turn it builds up static elec . And I saw the little spark between my skin and the metal . Yes it hurts and after doing it for hours it hurts more = No fun 
Perfect world for me : Plenty of supreme pizza , wings , dressing and pasta , never work in the cold weather again and play music 24 hours non-stop . 
done at 8:00 pm and after all the things done : clean up and make it look good = no fun 
Now : this guy said the net is unestable , no access . Last night : new dragon house lomein is good . Today : @ that place there are no cars , people , no noise . Tonight : ny pizza by the slice , slice1 : good , 2 : no flavor , unlike 
I think my netbook is shockproof : it fell from the back of the truck once and this morning fell from bed and now it's on and working better than new 
@ Holiday Inn ( basement)/late dinner at 11 
Music , 492 tracks and pics hd = 8gb 
Memory on nb : space free : 171 GB 
Mountain dew voltage not for sale in all stores = ng 
for one little plastic piece all can't be done 
I know they gonna be crying like little babies for help @ balt , they can have it all 
Finish : 3:30 the place is cleaner and brighter than it was so i'm happy and satisfied 
Argh I left my philips mp3 in the car , now I won't be able to sleep thinking that someone could steal it 
On T.V : s and the city : I Give it 10 out of 100 pt . It's a waste of time they're not smart and is sending a wrong signal 
Finish @ 2:30 a 
Next : led energy saving lights , it feels good to have the new technology in my hands and install/test 
2002 : all this reminds me of my first days of wrk with PDI and everything was hard at times and like a game : pulling a rope in 1st and 2nd gear with the old red F-250 88 ' , \ 
break time at 10am and lunch at 1:00 , working in the cold weather(0 f ) 
I want a smoothie 
I saw bambie on the side of the road , I think trying to find something good to eat 
Sunday : 30 ' in the air = no break or lunch . Pray for me .... 
@the place . This place is very clean and bright 
Done 
Listening : The summer is magic/in the next hour : heading Richmond : 68mi = 1 hour 
Eating some fresh microwave food and salad 
Coach : If your head , hands or feet hurts you should not stop/keep going and get it done 
Coming up next : 001pics in gif/jpg format 
I was trying to do something great before leaving the place but I forgot about it in 2 sec . Now I am trying to remember 
Today : Put a ladder on the lift : 30'+6'=36 ft in the air = no fun 
Today is gonna be my finest hour/on the edge/no stop , pray for me 
Finish : 5:00 am after all the hard work : clean up and sweep = no fun 
In bed+sleep soon : lunch/start : 8pm 
It's hard to outsmart mother nature try and feel the pain , I can feel it now 
RAMBLIN ' WRECK 
Next : little house n ' pics 
I have been invited to the new 260 units proyect in Texas , Luv it . 
Mmm twix ii 
The Wildest 
Dinner 
Don't worry , Be happy . On the next weeks everything will get harder and higher : first I will put my hands right inside the fire in hot boxes , next I will go all the way to the ceiling and then add 12 more ft to reach the very top and play with the fire again , all I have to do just to make a few bucks = No fun 
I have been trying to print in the epson wireless for hours and I can't , I think I should go back to school , But I can scan so I feel better now 
Finally I can print , I'm gonna stop playing with the printer and make a new playlist to go 
When I finish all this tasks , I will take a little vacation , hibernate and only wake up to eat 
12 hours trying to install the motorola charging software for my old cell , should I go back to school ? No way 
Started using Opera web browser , thank God I have a smart brother to save me . Internet ex is not working , it should , it updates every 5 < PROPFEMALE > 
I will hibernate now 
Maybe I have to hibernate soon and charge my batteries 
Clean 
Testing videos on ipod , delete all 
700 < PROPMALE > north , i close my eyes and hold my breath on the ice road . 10f 
Only two more fixtures an i will be done and now is brighter . after that everything is better and faster in the lift . 
& headphones ready 
Have to write to remember how today the 200Gb hard drive saved christmas :\ 
Feliz Navidad 
This morning at 4:40 before we finish . I have to say 1 thing : the white metal of the old fixtures is sharp , yep , it took me 5 < PROPFEMALE > to stop the bl in the cut , they should use plastic ..... 
Next : Sleepin ' drivin ' ready for rock n ' roll mode 
Dos/ tripas = two/ three = it's ok 
Testing this new a/v software , scanning system , objects found : 1 ........ 
I have been readin 2nite : Your brain is made up of about one trillion cells with 100 trillion connections between those cells . We might take a rough estimate and say it is handling 10 quadrillion instructions per second , but it really is hard to say . \ 
\ 
Of all this I can understand 0% haha 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends/ Feliz Navidad 
Some people think driving a vehicle is fantastic & fun and i think : it's not when you add snow and ice +N 
Lipton tea in the morning = grrreat 
This pizza @ WV is nasty , don't come here next stop : ny large pepperoni & wings 
on the 1st I will play & listen music 24 hrs straight ............. 
Installing musicmatch jukebox old version 7.1 
@ va for 2 days to finish , maybe 3 
still plenty of high bay fixtures to change , not fun 
I have been thinking about all this change of the lights and now that most of them are done still more and more 8footers .. the scope calls for it and \have to be done\ " and all ceiling sensors done " 
Thank God for protect me while working with the skylift 
I can see snow+rain 
The snow storm started yesterday around 8 : pm in va , driving @20mph all snow and ice . It was so bad that i add some of that windshield washer fluid and it didn't went through , 
Hold on , wait a second , is this 2011 ? 
Soon : fresh pics from uncle < PROPFIRST>'s garage/snap-on tools 
Now : sleep ... 
I am gonna fly like a bird for about 970mi , so ; Godspeed 
Low signal . I like to see the people happy and 
Just finish with the installation/configuration of the DSL wireless router/ configuration of the wireless canon printer/sc = done 
Finish @ 11pm . Thnx 
Full power cleaning up snow & ice in the driveway , this is a long one 
Remodeling . Fans & lights 
Remodeling : Bathroom demolition start : 7pm end : 10pm = no fun 
50in of snow & coffee 
3 2 1 
Music 
Snow storm again . I think God don't love us no more 
Now : ice & rain mix 
No pc no good 
Home depot closed , ice . Luv : 100% 
Watchin ' tv 
