Last night was awesome , we started a fire in the middle of the street while everyone was sleeping , ate some good food , got drunk , and set off fireworks . maybe not all in that order but close enough . Most Epic . New Years < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > r . <3 

finally ... the internet ! 
mmmm hash browns and corn beef hash for dinner ... guess its just a hashy kind of day .... ok come on it was a little funny 
ugh .. i just feel old sometimes .... maybe its just fatigue .. 
One more cigarette ... then im callin it quits .... ( for the night only , of course ) night night lovelies of facebook 
something about the monsoon moodiness makes me feel alive .... i hope it storms for days !!!!!! go rain ! 
woo yard work and swimming tomorrow ... < PROPFEMALE > loves the pool so i am sure it will be a blast !!! 
I FRIGGEN LOVE RISE AGAINST !!!!!!! 
yawn ... i feel bad for people on the east coast .... they are all getting up for work right now and i havent even gone to bed yet ! 
update : i feel bad for the east coasters and < PROPFIRST > .... 
is smoking her last cigarette for the night ...... 
anyone down for a rain dance ? 
ugggh i am so bored . 
Drinks green tea ! i have been on a bit of a health cleanse lately , and i have discovered that drinking green tea really does help your body's digestive system and manages some nerves of stress and anxiety . and i have been sleeping better too . i recommend peace tea it is all natural and has a great < PROPFEMALE > flavor and it is only 99 cents at circle k !!! 
wants to put a picture of < PROPMALE > up but he said \only if i get paid for people looking at me\ " ha ha ah laughing my ass off ! " 
irritated at facebook chat . STOP BEING FAGGISH ! 
wooo 4th of july tomorrow ! time to party !!!! 
wooooo all i prescribe is cranberry and vodka 
work tomorrow . ugh but its worht it ... $$$ 
whiter teeth ? i recommend scope white mouth wash ! i get so many complements on my smile when i use this . it does work and its only like 5 dollars at wal mart ! 
its funny how you find yourself being lonely when you have been drinking , but when you are sober , you dont really mind being alone 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for now folks !!! 
only needs one word to describe this ...... steak . sorry to all the vegetarians out there 
yes its finally raining at my house !!! 
\The Beast Woman Comes to Tucson\ " ... watch out " 
i got kicked out of the chatroom because im american ... 
So i have come to the conclusion that i want to be < PROPMALE > and famous ... im not quite sure how i am going to approach this yet , but anyone with advice that leads to publicity , will be well rewarded . Maybe i am just a dreamer but i need this . everytime i think about having this power i can literally feel a spark run through my body . Advice ? 
... now shes saying \mmmm cack-errrrrs !!! \"" 
Please sign this petition ! we need to save the wildlife that bp is destroying !!!! 
Its Ok everyone ... i totally just got here with the drinks ! the party can start now ! VODKA NIGHT !!!! 
my mom is the biggest bitch i have ever known and i am so pissed at her right now i feel like throwing my right shoe at her .... wtf were you thinking when you married her dad ? 
Dying my hair white chocolate blonde as we speak .... the ammonia is burning my scalp and im smoking a cigarette ...... wait ... is that dangerous ? 
Cat + Me @ 420 A.M. = Bad ASS 
I'M A BEAUTIFUL DISASTER 
I finally spoke my feelings and now the wait begins 
Lets see today i chased a flaming < PROPFIRST > down the street maybe met a serial killer and it is thundering so loud right not its giving me the tingles in my spine holy shit 
< PROPFEMALE>'s drunk as hell and she dont care ..... haaaaaaaaaaa 
Today i was a huge bitch ..... if i was someone else i would have punched me ..... 
and still i wake up and wonder wtf happened last night ..... 
just watched zombieland ... i fricken <3 ' ed it ! 
look at me now ... this is definately an alternate ending b*tches 
ughhhhh i FINALLY may have found the answer to all of these stupid symptoms i have been having lately TMJ ...... its a jaw problem . its not fatal . thank god i thought i was on the verge of a massive stroke or aneurysm .... but no . every symptom i have is located under tmj .... hallelujah 
i always hated that hot n cold song by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , until i had a reason to like it ..... i now understand why she wrote that song . and i know how big of a douche it takes to get that much emotion out of a person . so thanks person who is a douche for making me realize im probably just better off listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... and drinking vodka of course . 
needs a fucking cigarette . 
uggggggg i forgot the ash tray !!!!!!!!!!!!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK 
i have the sweetest dreams . then i wake up and get depressed because it wasn't real . like last night . i had a dream about me and some friends using an RV to go to the beach . It was amazing . My dreams are so vivid ! i often dream of the beach . it feels real like the sand is between my toes . mostly , i can control what happens in them which is truly a gift . but other times there is no control . maybe I'm just crazy . 
Today was epic . I had to take my daughter to urgent care because she decided to jam a pea up her nose at my grandmas's house during dinner . . . ha ha go figure the pea falls out the second before they are going to try to remove it . nice .... 
i have had the urge to get a new piercing lately ... i am having a rough time trying to figure out what i want though ... i though tongue , but i already had a web so idk .. i thought < PROPFEMALE > bc i havent had that yet , or maybe a single lip piercing to the left , or maybe even a microdermal anchor ... i def . dont know about that though bc its permanent .. hmmmmmmmm decisions decisions 
suggestions >>>> ?????? 
There is a Hell , believe me I've seen it . There is a Heaven , lets keep it a secret ...... 
Say you want to stay , you want me to \ 
\ 
Say you'll never die , you'll always haunt me \ 
I want to know I belong to you \ 
Say you'll haunt me 
i wish you would step back from that ledge my friend ... cut ties with all the lies that youve been living in and if you do not want to see me again , i would undertand ....... 
Today is unfortunately going to be a long day ... :-/ 
hurray for shopping ! 
one say i will have my own restaurant .. i <3 cooking ! 
ha ha textsfromlastnight.com is the shit !!!! 
WELL ... thats fine if everyone just pretends i dont exist .... ha ha the friends in my head are way cooler anyway ! 
i applied my first faux eyelashes today . 1 . they are a bitch . 2 . they are a pain in my ass 3 . they look nice but i fear for my eye being invaded by some mutant false hair !!!! 
ugh . i just fed my snake his weekly mouse .... i feel so bad for those mice .... i feel like i am playing god , but the snake has to eat too .... i guess im grateful that im not a mouse ! 
HA HA I know , i know , you dont have to tell me . Im just that f'n good !!! Oh yeah and here is to all the haters in high school or anytime in life who called me 4 eyes or loser or dated me for 3 days then cheated ... LOOK AT ME NOW ! \dontcha wish your girlfriend was hot like me ??? \"" 
i dreamt of the beach again last night . im so tired of being teased by my subconscious ... * sigh * 
it was a life or death situation .... drink the well water or die of dehydration .... i drank the well water . ughhh . i am starting to realize that both roads lead to death ..... 
O.M.G. 
so i was watching this show on history about 2012 . did you know there are people wasting time and money to collect seeds from every type of plant in the world to be frozen in antarctica to restore the earth after the apocalypse ??? are you kidding me ??? no wonder we are in recession !!! anyway i guess there is supposed to be no sun for 40 years after this ... but thats fine i have fair skin anyway 
AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
TOTALLY APPLYING FOR SUICIDE GIRLS !!!!! WISH ME LUCK EVERYONE !!!! 
Bad night . thank god for vodka and a good friend who cares ..... think im going to drink the night/morning away ....... 
Thats right Sexy Dove and her super hott Nikon are going to make me famous ..... well Dove and i will be famous cuz im taking her with me !!!! 
YOU KNOW YOU'RE IN ARIZONA WHEN :\ 
-You no longer associate bridges or rivers with water\ 
-You can say 110 degrees without fainting\ 
-You can make instant sun tea\ 
-You learn that a seat belt makes a pretty good branding iron\ 
... -The temperature drops below 90 and you feel a bit chilly ( so not true . below 75 maybe)\ 
-You discover in July , it takes only two fingers to drive your car 
AND : \ 
-you can cook a burrito on your dashboard !!!!! 
i just beat Silent Hill II for xbox !!!! it took me 10 hours but i got an 8 < PROPFEMALE > rating !!! wicked ! anyone know where i can get the original Silent Hill and if its any good ? 
MANBEARPIG !!!!!! 
WTF ? FAcebook stop being GAY ! Why cant i send friend requests ????? Very Frustrating ...... ughhh 
ha ha my myspace is so sad i <3 fb WAY more 
I just submitted my photo to the skin industries contest for september PLEASE VOTE FOR ME !!!!! 
dont ask me to tell you how i feel and then your only response be \girl youre crazy\ " that MAKES me crazy !!! " 
Oh yeah keep refreshing the < PROPFEMALE > until i pop up !!!! dont vote for others !!!!! lol http://www.skinindustries.com/xcart/ < PROPFEMALE > s . php ? < PROPFEMALE > id = 87 
Vodka buzz right now . Totally numb . I feel nothing , its a great feeling ... Anyway , why do you have more compassion towards music when you drink ? is it because you connect with an artist on a deeper level ? is it because your true colors come out when you drink ? Opinions ? OH ! and i want to be the \new\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Whats on my mind ? good question FB . WEll ... i hate it when a person holds one small innocent mistake above your head forever ... i would rather be shot . im sorry you are jealous but it just isnt my problem ... some days i wonder if the fight is really worth fighting over .... 
YAY . Its raining . Stupid cold , preventing me from doing my nude rain dance .... DAMN YOU . 
Does anyone happen to have a copy of Silent Hill 4 for Xbox they would be willing to let me borrow until i can buy my own ??? i dont get paid until Saturday but I am DYING to play . thanks !!! 
Thats right .... im a nergeek . get over it ! 
Im a Facebook Junkie .... eeeehwwww watch out dont step on that FB syringe , i think some crackhead used it ! 
WAIT !!! I have to fucking PEE 
WWWWWHOOOOOOOOOAAAAAA ! tonights going to be a GOOOOOOOOD night ! hurray for hurricanes ! 
Bed Time ! I wonder what the contents of my dreams will be tonight ????? 
Legalize medical marijuana . There are sick people who need it ! 
Whoa . Bad night . the only thing making me feel better is the vodka + minutemaid fruit punch in my cup and the fact that the huge keger for the zombie apocalypse is going to be gangster . 
I'M GETTING DRUNK . VODKA = LOVE 
Im pretty sure i will have a < PROPFEMALE > over tomorrow !!!!!! 
HAHA . EXACTLY . 
In case you all were wondering how i am feeling today the answer is , BLONDE ! 
UUUUUUUUhhhhhhhhhhh-O Looks like < PROPFEMALE > has some < PROPMALE > shoe lickin ' to do ..... 
Hey guys only 2 days left until the Skin Industries contest is over !!!!!! please vote vor me and vote again and again i want this SOOOO bad an victory is almost mine !!!! heres the link : http://www.skinindustries.com/xcart/pages.php?pageid=87 
Im totally going to be a sore loser if I dont win the Skin contest ..... 
Today is the last day for the Skin Industries contest !!! voting continues until midnight PLEASE vote for me !!!! http://www.skinindustries.com/xcart/pages.php?pageid=87 
came in 5th for skin contest ! better luck next time ! i did have 5000 votes so thanks everyone for the support ...... <3 
29 hours til party time ! omg there is so much to do still ... i feel like a chicken running around with its head cut off ! should be a rockin ' 2nd birthday for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Less than 5 hours til party time !!!!! woo hoo make sure you got room for some vodka ! 
I am glad < PROPFEMALE > had fun during her birthday party . Unfortunately some of the grown ups were unable to act like grown ups for the event . Oh well , thank God its over . Time to relax and drink some < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Applied for the Playboy Macau < PROPFEMALE > position today , HAHA . 
is sooooo tired . what a long week ! TGIF ! Just means i get to sleep in a little later tomorrow ! 
Bored , bored , bored today ha ha looks like a wal mart trip is in my future . going to get some new blinds for the front room so all these nosey ass people stop looking in my house . 
Ha ha vodka night . Threw Hollys party balloons in the street ! It was simply hilarious watching the cars in my neighborhood stop then run over them LMAO ! hahaha 
Freakin Bears ! Come on Collins WTF are you thinking throwing the ball when you obviously suck at passing ! I would be more successful at throwing the ball and completing a pass than you and I'm only 5'6! Sheesh ! Are you trying to destroy your season ? < PROPFEMALE > sucks donkey balls so why all the interceptions ?... Bottom line , Turnovers get you nowhere . if you are trying to lose , keep throwing ! The defense cant do it all . 
breakfast for dinner <3 
Anyone been to Slaughter House yet ? It's right down the street from me in the old Farmer < PROPFIRST>'s well ... slaughter house ... Want to check it out so let me know if you have been there and what you think ! <3 
I guess < PROPFIRST > Coco didnt want to be friends with me . Its cool though , obviously he must be better than I am . 
I might be a sexy blonde , but I have an undeniable dark side .... 
Ugh work today ... but it will totally be worth the $500 dollars cash we get after the job is complete !!! 
getting drunk .... ha ha . if i dont come on for a couple days its either because i am dead or there is still plenty of vodka in my system from tonight . i <3 you all , my beautiful friends !!!! 
\dance dance like its the last last night of your life life gonna get it right \"" 
night night world\ 
just know that i love those supposed to be loved and i hate those supposed to be hated . 
i am officially dumber now that i have watched My super sweet 16 .... what spoiled little wenches ! 
bazaar week .... i hope the next couple of days become a little more ordinary .... 
EEEEEEEWWWWWWWW ! A used Lamborghini ?????? 
... hates when people knock on her front door without calling first causing a riot of dog barking and noise which wakes up the kid !!!! DO NOT DO THAT 
okay so here is a strange question that i am DYING to understand the answer to ... i like football dont get me wrong , but why do guys get so angry when their team loses ??? its just a game and its not like whomever is getting mad can play any better .... any ideas ? 
Went for a run today . I thought it was going to be brutal , but it wasnt so bad . it felt good to exercise , since i have been in a lazy slump of late . maybe i will do it again real soon . 
tried belly dancing . ha ha though i look like a complete fool while doing it , i cant believe how well it strengthens my abs and really kicks ass on the love handles . i would totally be down for trying it again ... once i recover . 
WOO ! 22 in 22 days ! 
Just applied to the U of A . I am going to keep my fingers crossed because i did not graduate from my high school with all of the college prereqs required . 
= drunken hiccups are the worst ......... 
ha ha ha 
seriously ???? worst . night . ever . 
O.o Things are starting to get REALLY interesting around here .... EPIC <3 
Favorite quote of the night , \dont drink too much\ " ...... Haha yeah right . " 
Cant wait til Friday !!!!! 
Hey guys , I LOVE YOU ALL ! Thank you for all the birthday wishes . You all made my day special <3 . Now , its going to be party ' til Monday time . 
Best . Thanksgiving . Ever . <3 
Another good week <3 , but i am SO over thanksgiving leftovers .... 
ugh . my daughter has a cold poor thing , and i may be on the way to urgent care if this stupid stomach pain continues . <3 today is going to be a WONDERFUL day ... 
never made it to urgent care and now i have the stupid cold . hahaha aint that just grand ! 
OMG friggen cold ! GO AWAY , im so over you ! 
I <3 getting out of a hot bath looking like a lobster ! hehe it always puts a smile on my face ... Can we say \too easily amused \"?" 
I've always been a freak of nature ... this situation is no exception ... <3 
what is going on with everyones profile pics ??? hahaha 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same :)) 
I HATE BEARS GAMES WHEN THEY START LOSING . ' NUFF SAID . 
... Oh and by the way , Malica < PROPFEMALE > is the shit for liking Rocko's Modern Life ... 
< PROPMALE > over ...... <3 
Thinking about partying tonight . Best wishes for < PROPFEMALE > Kerr and her family ..... 
Just pulled all of the Christmas stuff out of my garage . Holy Crap ! 
Wow . I knew I was cool , but i didnt know the extent of it until now .... <3 
..... So much to do , not enough hours in the day to do it in .... :-( 
is feeling happy today ... <3 
What a fantastic night this turned out to be ....... yeah , right ....... :-( 
I hate you , chicken sandwich . 
thinking about going shopping tonight anyone down ? 
This whole Christmas thing is starting to piss me off and stress me out BIG time ..... I thought this was supposed to be \the most wonderful time of the year\ " i would like to punch the person who wrote that song . " 
YAY ! Today is going to be a GREAT friggen day ! 
Haha this figures : we are hanging our outside lights today and we go to test the last strand and of course , what would happen ? THEY DONT F'ING WORK !!!! so we have been working on them for about three hours now , we got half the strand working . i pray to all that is Holy that we can fix the last half otherwise , i am officially giving up on Christmas . 
Right now , my cat is on crack . 
wow how time flies . This is < PROPFEMALE>'s 3rd Christmas and < PROPMALE > and I have been together for 4 years now . Unbelievable <3 
My grandma gave me a box of Shiny Brite Christmas ornaments ..... i did some research and found out that they are from the 1950s . I wish i had all of them they are now worth $40 ..... Wow . I feel like i belong on American Pickers ..... 
Tonight is already sucking balls . I really hope it gets better . i am tired of all this bullshit . Stop taking it out on me and pushing my buttons you f'ing ass fuzz . 
wait .............. Ok , then night isnt as shitty as i thought got to < PROPFEMALE > with some awesome folk and i got some new clothes and an awesome new canon camera ! go me ! 
I guess i need to keep my mouth shut because everytime things keep looking up , i get knocked down again . i am at the snapping point . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA SHE AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON ME 
i finally couldnt take it anymore . i had to cry . 
AH . Maybe i just needed some sleep feeling refreshed today <3 
<3 Feelin ' Good <3 
I <3 The Machine Gun Blues ! 
I cast 200 votes for < PROPFEMALE > gandino ! 
Had a blast making Xmas cookies with the Me-ma today <3 
I <3 McDonalds , but it makes me SO thirsty i think i just drank a gallon of water . 
Enough negatives ... im tired of people who are like \oh i dont have a bf/gf . im extremely insecure and i hate happy people . \ " ( you know who you are ) really ? you are so young still maybe its better if u are single and enjoying it . but im tired of all the complaining . GET OVER IT . its pathetic to feel bad for yourself and its more pathetic to flaunt it on FB . You will never gain anyones affection or interest that way . " 
Off to tropical kingdom to get < PROPFIRST > 2 mice for christmas lol . 
WOOO About to go throw down at Toys R Us ! Good riddance this should have been done two weeks ago . I <3 procrastination 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! Dont worry my grandma and i got the eggnog situation covered !!!! 
Nothing like cleaning the house to get ready for a new year ! <3 
Don't act like you didnt know that I'm awesome ..... <3 
i had a little too much to drink last night which in return gave me some inspiration for this letter . Enjoy ! Dear Toilet , thank you for always being there for me no matter what . the time we have spent together always makes me remember that i had a good time prior to having my head stuck in you all night . please continue to be my porcelain god , and i will continue being your reckless binge drinker . <3 Lo 
Dear UPS Man , You are such a little tease . I do not appreciate it when i have been expecting my mp3 player for a week now , then you randomly park in front of MY house to deliver a package to my neighbor at 8 o'clock last night . Call me when you are done being a slut . <3 Lo 
im feeling a bit CRAZY right now ..... wondering what should i do tonight ........ <3 
Drank a whole bottle of wine last night . Good times . Feeling impowered this morning like i can do anything . Move out tha way world !!!!!! <3 
Pandora.com = Epic ! check it out it is designed to let you hear music that you want to hear . i am trying to get pandora for FB but as usual , FB is being a retard . SO ! Just check out the site . 
thats right < PROPFEMALE > , I'm swaggalicious ........ <3 
FINALLY GOT MY FRIGGEN MP3 PLAYER . THIS IS SOOOOOOO EXCITING , I MAY CRAP . <3 
I feel so bad for < PROPFIRST > Giffords , and all the other people who were shot today . I pray that she makes it through surgery and that the other victims survive . Prayers to all the families . 
I am still so upset over this ... I have cried too many tears today especially after they released pictures of the little girl . </3 
i am tired of people saying it happened over politics . it may have had a slight degree 2 do with what happened but if u actually did ur research you would already know that the guy is indeed a nut job . not some politics hungry republican . i h8 when people get the facts wrong like this one girl made a whole website talking about how he was a republican out 4 vengence blah blah . WRONG ! you arent even from tucson stfu . 
HEY ! i got friggen ripped off and now im pretty irritated !!!!!!!!!!!!! * SCREAMS INTO PILLOW OUT OF FRUSTRATION * Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Im EXTREMELY irritated right now . Do i give a flying fuck about your emo \feelings\ " NO ! You brought this on yourself . Youre a hypocrite . Did i blow things out or proportion ??? NO ! You just cant handle the fact that i am more well spoken than you and i can outwit you and manipulate you with my words . do i give a crap if you go kill yourself ??? NO ! i am done having my time wasted by ridiculous people . Deuces . " 
Status : Back to happy !!! 
im feeling so lost these days . i keep holding on but i dont know what for . i am emotionally exhausted . i feel like i could sleep for a week easily . i need a vacation away from my life . im thinking islands somewhere .... 
stupid car . power steering being a fucker again . story of my life lol but im in a great mood forget the stupid car ! 
jesus christ sirens in the hood i wonder what up ????? 
G2G guys thanks for keeping me busy and entertained ( Jonny & < PROPFEMALE > ) you guys are the best . and so is my hooker ( Ari ) 
Thinkin ' about drinkin ' this evenin ' ....... hahaha i already know im a nergeek . you dont have to state the obvious ! 
woke up today feeling swaggalicious <3 move over world , im here now ! 
Hahaha my crazy Effin life ... I love love LOVE when people ignore me for a while and then they cant get enough of me .... <3 Thanks its times like these when i dont know how to turn the swagger off !!! 
This is FANTASTIC news ... my dad just got covered for health and dental insurance through his work and it also covers all children up to age 26 ! WOOOO HOOOOO ! no more worrying about how to pay urgent care bills i can just go see a doctor now for $15 ! 
ugh the new astrology signs are dumb . i was born on november 23 1988 . i \was\ " as saggitarius on the cusp of scorpio now im just a scorpio on the cusp of something else . are you people trying to give me multiple personality disorder hahahaha lame ! " 
Mas Vino ? SI ! Por Favor ... 
i h8 missin u , u make my heart ache , more than a tooth gettin novacained , i just wish we could b 2gether , i could tell u ways id like 2spend 4ever . ah i feel that , feel love not like being trapped . what should i say ? i love u more w/everyday , i wish i could explain but , there aint no easy way 2 say it no , u make my heart race . so fast im losin pace an i think about u when im dreamin oh , i dont wanna be w/o u no . <3 Lo 
Long football watching day today . think i am going to call it quits early unless i can find a decent conversation to put my 2 cents into . we shall see think i may work on breaking in the new mp3 player hard tonight .... thinking about adding like 12 hours of NOFX songs ! YAY ~ i just filled up my empty planless space with ideas of things im going to do . go me ! 
I cant wait 2 find out who said i have \junk in my trunk\ " on the 21 questions game . HA i have 2 wait til < PROPMALE > . 2 find out im 3 coins short ! And YES ! I got goodies in the trunk ya'll dont need to concern yourselves with figuring it out HA . heard a song the other day 4 the first time dont know what it was called but it had some line in it that went \ " with a face from California and a booty from down south\ " Yep . got it ! " 
Ahhhhhhhhh Just woke up ! 
took a mouse out of my snakes cage because apparently he cant handle 2 mice at once anymore ... he survived in the snake cage for 4 days . i felt so bad that i pulled him out and he is very sweet . right now i have him in a makeshift cage so i was wonderin if anyone had a small aquarium style cage or hamster cage that they dont need . dont want to spend a ton of $ for a small mouse if you can help lemme know ! thnx <3 Lo 
AAHHhhh ....... I miss my friends :-( 
i let the little mouse go in the desert behind my house .... :-( couldnt accomidate his needs so i figure it was better to set him free than have him die for no reason . its all good . 
Ugh my two year old hit me in the head with hers on accident last night . not ony do i have a lovely bump that is going to turn into a shiner , i think she may have also given me a slight concussion ! Thanks daughter !!!! <3 
So ... saw the walking dead last night watched about 30 seconds of it because i saw it already . what happens next ? i have wicked dreams about a post apocalyptic zombie land . these dreams are always so vivid , but i always survive somehow . this makes 2 nights in a row that i have woken up sweating and had to go walk around . ( the zombie dreams aren't bad , its the other ones i had during the night ) . Wild imagination . 
going on la diet starting tomorrow . oh boy ... trying to lose 20 lbs before june 1 . want to finally achieve swimsuit model status !!!! wish me luck guys ! 
i feel a song quote is nessicary here to start off the morning .... too bad im too < PROPMALE > over to think straight right now . everyone is still asleep . hurray for me i going back to bed ! song will < PROPFEMALE > to wait . 
Yes . I am a little weird ..... and YES , i ALREADY knew that before you told me so you really didnt prove anything now did you ? Um , FYI , My profile pic is of me licking a penguin on a lotion bottle . i think its pretty much self explanitory .... 
Unproductive day really . went to see the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . kid is in bed , i got so much free time on my hands in this very second that i dont even know what to do with it . haha i come alive in the night time , but i think im callin it quits soon . 
Damn you cigarettes for sitting so close to me . you make it to hard to resist you ... <3 
Yay ! Today is going to be a good day i can feel it in my bones ! 
whew almost done cleaning ..... had to take a cig break ... :-) 
Drinking wine and hanging out with the BF at the moment .... making yummy fajitas for dinner tonight i cant wait ! 
Friggen GO BEARS ! ( and Steelers since i have to cheer for you pretty much ) I hope Cutler doesnt do anything stupid and i hope field conditions are dreadful !!! 
My Bears lost ..... Now it comes down to my Steelers ... WOO Back to the roots ! 
didnt sleep well but then my FB friends made me feel better so i guess .... whatev . 
good mornin everyone ! i need a cigarette and a diet Dr. Pepper so , chow for now !!!! <3 
Whats on my mind you ask ??? Getting Drunk ! been wanting to do this for weeks now , havent had a < PROPMALE > . my first sip of wine was so good . <3 Thank you grapes for giving me wine . 
Dear ridiculous hacking cough and sore throat i woke up w/ , i h8 when u sneak up on me like this , making it impossible 2 talk or breathe . i told u i was done with u but like a stalker following me around u continue 2 haunt me . i guess i am going to have to replace my drinkin alcohol with drinkin Nyquil 2 kill u 4 good . Thnx 4 making my day REALLY great so far .... NOT ! Honestly though , get the hell away from me . <3 Lo 
..... ugh . Just shoot me already ..... 
EWWWWWWWWWWWWW ! That's NASTY . 
2 days . 4 hot showers , 6 doses of medicine and 2,869 tissues later , and i still havent made any progress with this damn cold ... 
damn you FB , Sorry if you leave a comment and i dont respond , apparently FB doesnt care about what i have to say at the moment . nice going . 
< PROPMALE > and I are both really sick . I'm thinking its the beloathed step throat . isnt that fantastic ? im supposed to get covered by health insurance on Feb 1st , so i get sick on < PROPFIRST > 27th well well well isnt that ironic ? < PROPFEMALE > doesnt get sick either which is a great thing but mommy and daddy cant keep up with her when we are both miserable ... 
Good mornig everyone !!!! I am feeling much better today ! i cant smell a thing but that doesnt matter to me . thnking about hitting up old navy with the gift card i have then off to platos closet to try and sell some clothes that i dont wear anymore ... woot woot fun day for Momma ! that is if < PROPMALE > is feeling better ... 
Woo and Hooo ! Nothing better than getting completely loaded and going to Taco < PROPFEMALE > in the middle of the night when all the other fast food places are closed ....... yeah , i come alive in the night time ..... <3 ing life right now . 
<3 you guys !!! 
Good night everyone . im feeling like a hippy i think that means its night night time <3 
Woah my nipples almost broke off when i walked outside this morning Jsyk lmao 
My neighbors pipes froze last night and burst this morning ... for a second i though we lived next to a waterfall , it was so loud ! it was a lot of water ... omg its sad to say , but im glad it wasnt our house ! 
good morning ! time for a smoke and a diet pepsi ! 
Hurray for me i just did an hour and a half of an ass busting work out . i cant say that i didnt have to push myself . it was hard but i know i did a good job and it was worth it . 
thank you cruel subconscience for making me have amazing dreams at times . i love when i wake up and the entire thing i dreamed about vanishes into thin air like it never happened . sometimes my dreams are better than any real life could ever be . i would appreciate it if you stopped teasing me . oh yeah , and my abs are on fire today after yesterdays ass kicking . <3 GO ME ! 
Okay . My whole family is pretty much from Pittsburgh . I am a Pittsburgh fan . I am tired of all the Green Bay fans running their mouths . We shall see my dear friends .... but watch out ! if the Steelers do win , Im going to talk so much shit that not even a firearm could shut me up .... IM JUST SAYING ... may the best team win <3 
okay tired of sports , tired of cold weather , totally over being sick , and im completely over the < PROPFIRST > 8th shootings . must we keep talking about the same subjects over and over ? lets find something new to talk about ... ideas ? 
Feeling great <3 dont know what to do tonight .... 
In a total all out punk rock type of mood ... ( oh and < PROPFIRST > , we didnt get your text from byrds phone it was just blank maybe Jonny will be nice enough to let you know ) 
i am in such a good mood other than i have to go to a funeral in the next week . all the more reason to party . i hope people party for me when i die <3 
< PROPFEMALE > over . Didnt have to try very hard to get one . feeling better than an hour ago , lol . Some how this < PROPFEMALE > over is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Burboa's fault . <3 
okay its official . i friggen love pandora.com <3 i only have 24 hours left for the whole month . if this addiction gets any worse , i may have to pay for the upgrade to Pandora 1 
dear < PROPFEMALE > simpson , i love your jeans but if they get any tighter , im going to have to use a crane and a fork lift to zip them . 
WTF FACEBOOK I CANNOT SEE MY COMMENTS ! 
Just now , my blow dryer tried to kill me ... 
Holy crap , now THAT was a nightmare . woke up crying . my brain had no control over this one . < PROPMALE > said my lips were moving like i was talking to someone . Jesus , i didnt even know it was a dream until my eyes forced themselves open .... I hate those ones . 
My snake just died .... he drowned in his water ... im very sad </3 . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . we love you . 
Snake may have an upper resperitory infection or may have an illness called mouth rot . mouth rot = higly curable . upper resperitory infection - most likely dead snake . </3 
I swear to all that is holy if today gets any worse , the conditions in this neighborhood are going to reach Egypt status ... in other words , there is going to be a riot . 
Drinking the sorrows of today away . seems legit . im emotionally fried today . i keep trying to be positive all i can tell you is hopefully tomorrow will be better . im tired . good night . 
My snake is still the same as last night . not looking too good . i feel so bad because there is nothing i can do for him to ease his pain . </3 
STOP being such a drama < PROPFEMALE > . suck it up and act like a man damn it ! 
My snake officially died this morning . i think i got most of my sadness out yesterday though so now its time to move forward . unfortunately , < PROPMALE > is at work so i have to break the news to him . thats the hardest part . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > , we love you . 
Ahhhh TGIF for sure . 
I Love you all in my little facebook world ! <3 
i have the best friends in the whole wide world ! thanks everyone for making me happy when i was down and giving me space to pick on you all , and for not taking me too seriously ! 
ive made up my mind that I WILL get my Mustang by the end of the year . its not a dodge challenger , but frankly , those are WAY more expensive . still job hunting though . thats crappy . 
stupid funeral i have to go to later today . im sorry about your loss but i dont even know this person . going to be a long day luckily for me im still drinking so hopefully i will just have to focus on surviving the < PROPFEMALE > over . 
FINE MACY'S! ITS NOT LIKE I REALLY WANTED TO GO WORK FOR YOU ANYWAY ! 
I was going to write something clever here this morning , but now i am just wasting time and fb space because i couldnt think of anything at the moment . 
Seriously , don't call me a dork unless you want trouble . 
Anyone happen to have Lil ' < PROPMALE > CDs i could borrow for a day so that i may put them on my MP3 player ? Lemme know ! thanks ! 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > Riddick for the cds Young Money is the best ! i will give them back to < PROPFIRST > in a day or two . 
not feeling like myself tonight . i felt tired so i thought i could fall asleep , but i couldnt stop staring at the ceiling . * sigh * i wish i could pin point the reason for my distress , i think i know but i just dont want to deal with it . sounds like its time for a drink . <3 
still feeling a little funky today . i need a pick me up . im feeling very reserved and im hoping someone can break me out of this shell im apparently in . i dont think i have ever been in a phase like this . i dont even feel like talking or laughing . what is wrong ???? i guess i will just be quiet and watch everyone around me instead 
REALLY enjoying life today <3 
yay rescued a dog running down La Cholla this morning , called animal control to find the owner and now i am proud to say im saving the world one puppy at a time ! Go Me ! Sweet dog its name was < PROPMALE > . The owner had no idea he got out but was nice enough to meet me at circle k to pick him up . 
I'm ...... still ........ tired ............ going ....... back ...... to ......... sleep . ZzZzZz 
haha checked FB this morning , like 15 people poked me . WTF ? haha 
HEY ! random question , does anyone know if the super target on < PROPMALE > and Oracle has 40s ? ( beer , that is ) 
wait ! i think im about to have a total nerd/dork/geek moment . ok here it goes .... my -ness called , it wants its awesome back . <3 haha 
................ That's just how i roll . 
Haters Gon Hate ........ 
Hello beautiful FB friends , i hope everyone is having a good Friday , as i am about to party til the sun comes up . <3 
The vicoria secret store at tucson mall pissed me off . WTF . No , i DO NOT plan on shopping at your store anymore . sorry , i will put my money to better use somewhere else . 
Wow , i must have done something right this week , people keep blowing up my facebook ! lol good thing i dont give my phone number to too many people , i would never get to sleep at night ! <3 you all ! 
About to hit up the super Wal-mart on Cortaro with me Pops . i dread the walmart . parents let their kids run around like animals . and i will push people if they get in my way . i think i am the worst person in the world to go to wal mart with . as soon as i get into the parking lot , my agressiveness switches in to high and im ready to throw down . wish me luck haha 
I am NOT a very happy camper today . its a long story . whatev . 
A Los < PROPFEMALE > area code called my phone this morning . i got so much swag even Hollywood wont lay off ......... HAHA 
You could pout all day for all i care , im not going to give into your shinannigans this time , compadre . 
giving my squirrel a sqeaky hampster wheel in my room behind my computer desk = WORST . IDEA . EVER . 
Going to Me-ma's house for dinner . Hurray ! 
SO full . stuffed pork chops are the best ! thanks MEEEEEEMAAAAAAA ! 
Going to Chicago in August !!!!!! i cant wait to get out of Tucson ! im going to roll around on Lake Michigan's beach all damn day . Im so excited !!!! Our first family trip ! <--------- its just going to take forever to get there because < PROPMALE > refuses to take a plane , so instead we are going to take like a 20 hour train ride . someone better give me some xanex or something ! Never been on a train . <3 STOKED ! 
^ -------- Thats right . I dont need to elaborate ------- ^ 
YAY Going to Malica's baby shower ! i am so flipping excited i cant even stand it . Leaving now See ya later FB friends <3 
Malica's baby shower = BEST . DAY . EVER . i love you guys ! <3 Pics soon . 
Yesterday rocked , as in , ??? rocked . Went to Malica's kick ass party , had a couple beers there , then came home , put the kid to bed , got super loaded and ate some ribs . i wish everyday could be that good . 
<3 Chili's online ordering ... Its becoming a problem . O.o 
< PROPFIRST > FUCKING SCHAEFFER . NO WAY . 
why the hell am i awake so early ???? 
Woah ya'll blew up my facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! haha 
I Love You All ! <3 <3 <3 
JESUS ! 16 more notifications after the 30 this morning holy crap guys ! 
Just checked my E-mail account . 137 new notifications from facebook in the last 3 days !!!! 
hahaha JONNY , CHECK YOUR GIRL . You dont want it to get ugly up in here . 
Really right now ? OMG this BITCH is pissing me off . Thank god FB has a block button so i dont have to deal with her dumb ass . 
FUCK BITCHES . GET MONEY . 
My day is going much better i think everyone just needed to laugh a little bit . 
ahhh ... what a long day finally going to bed FB world !!! see ya all on the flip side nighty night !!!! 
neighborhood yard sale = fucking ridiculous . i can barely get out of my driveway and these people are taking up my whole street . WTF ? drove around it for a minute and almost got hit like 3 times . they advertised it in the AZ Daily < PROPFEMALE > so im pretty sure every bargain < PROPMALE > and little old grandma is in the hood right now . funs over now GO HOME ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > , but she gets sooooo mad sometimes !!! 
nothing better than Saturday night !!!! <3 
Too much blood in my alcohol stream this morning <3 
BBQ w/ Eriks little bro today . Awesome and Yummy ! and , thanks Safeway , for putting 12 packs of Guiness on sale for $8 ! 
okay , this ones for you < PROPFIRST > , NO WIRE HANGER !!!!!!! <3 YOU 
MMkay people . im going to bed but i expect a blown up < PROPFEMALE > in the morning because i love you all ! 
^ is STRONGLY irritated @ Phoenix Health Plan for listing my daughter as \inactive\ " . what a bunch of shit im going to have to do now to get her eligibility back . great . just what i wanted to deal with first thing after waking up . thanks assfuzzies ! " 
what an interesting day going to start the haters album lol get ready ! 
hahahaha HATERS . is coming out really good lol i think i will put like a thousand hours into it to make it epic . 
Drinking a beer with < PROPFIRST > Riddick . Hell yeah . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ny . 
Drinking a Mt . Dew W/ Vodka . Great ! About to Grill lamb chops with the BF . Lo Breezy = Totally content . 
Thinking about doing a cover of \We Be Steady Mobbin'\ " by Lil ' < PROPMALE > feat . Gucci Mane haha i know almost all the words but its a 2 person job so who wants to make a fool of themselves with me ???? " 
listen to the damn song . my video camera isnt uploading right but the lyrics start at : 5 and end at : 37 if you read it right . 
yes people i know im a dork . haha its ok you just keep telling me stuff i already know . 
What a rough night . attempted to go to bed at the typical 2:30 , after a pretty good night only to have < PROPFEMALE > wake up . so i go in her room and discover that she took all of her clothes off and peed on her bed =( . Where the hell is the dislike button ??? anyway after all is said and done i didnt get to bed until almost 5 now i have to take < PROPMALE > to work and all this other shit . today is going to be long . 
maybe someone can help me out . i am trying to learn < PROPFEMALE > minaj's part in < PROPMALE > that , and i got it all friggen down except for one fucking word . and that word is ......... Asalamalakum . how is this word pronounced ? she says it so quick that i cant hear it right . HELP and i will put the part im doing up here . 
oh lord i am uploading this video . its like my first try guys so dont laugh at me ! i will make a better one later after i take a shower so that i can actually put my fa\ 
ce on the camera lol . if i butchered a word forget about it . like i said first shot so ...... we shall see hahaha 
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHA ROTFLMAO AT MYSELF FUCKIN A HAHAHAHAHA 
i put the video on youtube ! i didnt want my face in there bc i wasnt showered yet . i will remake it later . but for now , listen to it @ Youtube.com/LoBreezy1123 
My grandpa died 12 years ago on St. Patricks Day so i dont wear green . but Grandpa i love you hope youre still resting in peace !!! 
ANYONE TRIES TO PINCH ME , IM GONNA SLAP ' EM 
omg . BEST . ST . PATRICKS DAY . EVER . My grandma , uncle , aunt and i did like 5 sambuka shots together . F'in EPIC . Now its time for the REAL party to start lol . 
WOO !!!!!! GETTING LOADED WITH THE BF , today was awesome . 
Got lost in < PROPMALE > Moore's voice today . <3 FFTL 
Anyways , what up peeps ? 
Tisk , Tisk , SOME people are idiots and are deleting and blocking me for my haters album haha its like the 3rd person now . Damn where is your sense of humor ? Oh wait you must have never had one if you cant take a f'ing joke . THE HATERS ALBUM IS A JOKE YOU DUMB ASSES ! 
Do you really think that I care if i offend you ? hahaha Laughing my ass off , No . 
I'm coming to getcha !!!!! RAWR ! haha 
< PROPFIRST > , your street turned my tires brown . now they look like shit haha they match the rest of the car too much . i demand a free car wash ! haha 
Feeling Awesome/overly confident today ! Hurray ! 
Go CATS ! Beer and Brats for the game . so much fun <3 
Haha i just checked my myspace for the first time in a year haha it still sucks . probably wont check it again for another year lmao . it would be cool if it was the old myspace but all the new shit has got to go . 
Dear Dishes , Please learn how to wash yourselves . you waste too much time out of my day . thanks . P.S. I hate you . 
WOOO ! SWEET 16 ! Watch out Duke , We're Comin to get ya !!!!! 
this is a little off my usual goofy comments , but i have a genuine question that i need help with . i'm going to start potty training my 2yr old daughter tomorrow . any suggestions on a good way to get her started ? Im nervous about the process but i want to get these diapers the hell away from me . 2 1/2 years of diapers is long enough !!!! Plus we want to get her into a big girl bed soon . 
ANYways , im going to take a bath but i will come back online if you stick around long enough <3 Its going to be a long night of Facebooking . =) 
Okay everyone heres a great fill in the blank question . i will answer first but be sure to put your 2 cents in . Only in Tucson ............? 
i put the kid to bed a while ago and am now having a drink .... typically . 
Just waking up ! Passed out last night . Too much drink , not enough sleep . \ 
Feeling better now . 
Bitch I'm Awesome . 
Cleaning my garage = huge pain in my ass . =/ 
Aw man , WTF is going on ??? I come on here ya'll are blowin up my < PROPFEMALE > like im cool or something . is my awesomeness showing again ???? 
Ah another one down in the books . time to take a bath , eat something and not have a drink after my crazy mix up with vodka and < PROPFEMALE > 7up last night ...... <3 you FB friends , i will be back later slaying dragons one at a time . Also , \stay classy San Diego \"" 
Well this is turning out to be a great F'ing night . =/ 
going to get loaded even though its probably not a good idea after last nights mishap . 
With jonny lol 
You know what ? today ( ok , yesterday and part of today ) turned out to be alright . Thanks Jonny for sticking with me til the end . damn im so tired i feel like i got dragged outback and beat with a stick haha 
deuces til later ya'll 
Damn , last night was crazy/epic/exciting . i havent stayed out until 1 in the morning since i was 18 . would i do it again ? in a second . 
Hell yes , my dad just brought me a sausage mcmuffin and hash brown . thank god for that . feeling much better ! 
Dearest microwave , clean your own damn self . i do not want to touch that slimy cheese like substance that is turning green in your gut . pass . okaythanksgoodbye . 
GO U OF A ! 
FUCK YEAH ARIZONA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What does a brotha gotta do to get some food around this bitch ???? haha 
HEY ! my eyes are UP HERE , No , Those are NOT my eyes ! hahahahaha 
Thanks everyone for being the best friends a girl like me could ever ask for . I <3 ya'll . ( and NO < PROPFIRST > , its not all lies and slander ..... = P ) 
Haha thats not the first time ive been called a milf ! silly boys ,,,,,, lmao . 
NO FOO , Your green corn tamales DO NOT turn me on hahahaha loser . 
OMG i amuse myself too much sometimes . laughing this much should be illegal . 
I got so smashed last night . < PROPMALE > and i stayed up til 5 watching Jeepers Creepers haha . Two more things ; Jonny , we may be taking a ride to ghettoville later idk yet . and 2 , Kick their asses U OF A !!!!!! 
Hello loves ! is everyone's sunday going well ? 
HHHHmmmmm . I need to get the hell out of this state before i go insane . thats all . 
Los Betos Carne Asada burritos @ Midnight = AMAZING . 
i deleted all the people off my < PROPFEMALE > who never say anything to me . it went from 127 down to 109 lol . im not a facebook whore i am not going to add you just so my face can make your < PROPFEMALE > look better lol . 
finishing muh hair .......... ultimate blondeness almost achieved . 
Epic ultimate platinum blonde status achieved ! 
Awesome day . Thanks guys ! 
this is good . i went to applebees last night to pick up my carside to go order , i sat at the bar , and for the first time in my life i had one of those moments where everyones eyes were on me . friggen crazy . i take it as a compliment but at the same time , it makes me nervous . hahahaha 
haha Dear car , i wish you would take yourself threw emissions today and not drag me down with you . btw , i hate you and i will be trading you in for something much better and newer ASAP whenever that may be . so for now , pass the god damn emissions test unless you want to be driven into silverbell lake like las time . thankshaveanicedaygoodbye , <3 Lo Breezy 
hurray no silverbell lake for this girls car ! 
Me = about to get down on a 24oz smirnoff raspberry followed by an endless number of wine coolers . im pretty sure i will have a headache tomorrow . <3 you guys but the probability of me coming baack on FB tonight is about - . 0000001% . 
getting tired of all these 14 , 15 , and 16 year old people everywhere on FB ! why the hell couldnt you guys have kept the old rule that you have to be 18 ? i mean 14 year old dudes are hitting on me and little slutty girls are all up on my guy friends pages . IM SO TIRED OF IT ! No my friend will not sleep with you so you can try to get on teen mom . go waste your time somewhere else . > FRUSTRATED < 
oooops , im sorry , you just got deleted AND blocked . Too bad youre a bitch . this was never going to work out . lol and tell your little whores to kiss my ass . 
I woke up pissed off at the world today . From First to Last is helping me expel some anger but i still feel all righled up . who wants to volunteer for me to punch them so i could feel better ? hahaha just kidding . But still . i hope i can get out of this fog soon . 
Ari < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Sloppy Schumacher and I are taking over the world one idiot at a time . <3 
I feel much better now that i ate some chicken wings and took a nap . i went from >=/ to =P 
WOO im FEELING much BETTER today ! Lets see what kind of shinanigans i can get myself into on April foo's day hahaha * evil grin here * 
hey guys , im looking for a good april fools day prank to play on my dad . any suggestions ? 
my porcelain skin cannot take this bullshit heat . i look like a tomato when i get a sunburn . wtf ? 
Did Malica's water REALLY break or is she April Foolin us ???????????????? SOMEONE TELL ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I now know 2 < PROPFIRST > riddicks . lol how am i going to tell them apart ????? 
ok . i know i have said this many times , but i think i should say it again for the record .... I'm Awesome . and , i gotta throw this in too , dontcha wish < PROPFEMALE > girlfriend was hot like me ? oops . there i go again . =) 
Okay starting fresh , today is going to be a good day no matter what . i decided . 
< PROPFIRST > + new truck = me extremely envious ! 
< PROPFIRST > you never answered my question ! 
.... and since today is F**k You Day , F**K YOU ! hahaha 
This is so bad but i heard it last night so i have to say it .... why did god give women smaller feet ?.............................................................................. \ 
................................................................ So they could stand closer to the stove ! AHAHAAHHA 
how do you know a blonde has been in the fridge ? \ 
....................................................................... all the cucumbers are wet . OMG HAHAHA 
Feeling irritated at this moment . grrr . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , I dislike you more and more everyday . must be nice to get everything you want handed to you when other people have had to work for what they want . i dont mean to sound jealous but truth is , you suck . so stop complaining when you dont get your way . some of us never get a < PROPMALE > in the first place . . <3 Lo Breezy 
Things are NOT starting off too well for me today . i might go back to bed and just sleep all day . nothing can be great enough to make me feel better . 
One last thought for the morning .... i REALLY need a girls night . i am totally over being around things with penises for at least on night . 
I want it to be next week already so this nightmare will go away . 
Wow today got a LOT better . Thank God ! 
< PROPMALE > stress . i have a problem that i need help with . my dad who is being a dumbass , has diabetes and a few months ago he cut his foot really bad . it hasnt healed and his doctor is a rip off . every1 keeps telling him 2 go 2 urgent care we know he has a serious infection and its starting to really screw with him . so my question 2 ya'll is how do i get my stubborn ass dad 2 urgent care ? he just wont listen ! 
Im feeling pretty great today even after 15-17 < PROPFEMALE > shots last night !!!!!!! 
Brownies = Awesome . 
Awe a sweet guy just asked me to go the KFMA day with him thats so nice . 
oh i almost forgot how awesome i am ..... good thing i remembered !!! 
my ground squirrel died last night . thats two pets in two months </3 
i feel like my world is caving in . two of my pets are gone now . my dad has a severe mrsa infection and he needs an ultrasound of his stomach to make sure he doesnt have anything really bad . i am so lost right now i dont know . i just dont know ....... 
Just gave my dog Ajo a bath . Very ....... interesting , to say the least lol 
< PROPMALE > and I worked on cutting this branch pile down in our garage until 2 this morning . Unfortunately for me , I am the one allergic to mosquite and palo verde trees . ugh do i even have a nose ? and those stupid pokey thorns i got hit like 10 times and everywhere i got hit has a swollen small red circle around it hahaha thank god for benadryl . Otherwise pretty fun . =) 
Whos awesome and sexy and fun ? oh , thats right , ME ! Jus Sayin ....... 
IIIGHT FOOS , LISTEN UP > My compadre got F'd in the A when he bought his truck the other day . I am talking BIGGEST rip off ever . so i got this number to the truck place and i need as many of you as i can get to call and play some games with these people . anyone down ? i will post the number as soon as people tell me they'll do it . nothing threatening or harrassing , keep it clean and classy . now , whos down ? 
I love you all ! <3 ( and NO < PROPFIRST > , not all lies , slander or excuses . ME = WIN ) 
God i hate going to bed knowing how friggen amazing i am . Oops i didnt mean to type that lol 
yep . i am definately going back to bed for a few hours ..... SO tired still ...... 
Blah . i am tired of waiting !!!!!!! 
I feel GREAT today . I don't exactly know why im so happy but whatev , i'll take it ! 
I had an awesome day . Everything just went right :) 
HEY ! Guess what ????? I\M AWESOME ! " 
I can feel the boredness creeping up on me .... what to do , what to do ? 
Why do i even drink beer ? every time i do , i swear , even if its just a sip i get all F'd up lol . But i ran out of wine last night so the only thing available was E's 40 . Yum gotta love the jet fuel . 
Totally on the dubstep bandwagon . JSYK if it becomes an epidemic , or a pandemic , < PROPMALE > and I were on that shit first . 
Im only going to say this once and i will make it as clear as possible .......... I HATE TWILIGHT . I dont want to read it or watch it or talk about it . Thats all . 
YAY ! My dad doesn't have cancer ! But they are still trying to find out what the problem is . 
well what can i say . Drinking = awesome that must mean since i am drinking that I as well , am awesome . 
Hey guys ...... Sorry if I offended anyone last night ...... Me and drunken Facebooking at 4 AM dont get along .... SO ! if i said anything rude to you I am sorry . 
Im starting to feel better i think . i still feel dizzy when i stand up . too much blood in my alcohol stream again . ha . 
on the phone with my dad hes grumpy . =/ 
\What the fuck was that for ?!? \ " <------ Best line of the night . haha . " 
Good fucking go to work and leave me alone for a minute you are acting like a 5 year old . 
I <3 you guys !!!!!! just thought ya'll should know ! i dont say it nearly enough ! 
God ! i thought i was bored with < PROPMALE > here ...... Its even worse when he's not =( I miss him . Dont tell him that though i dont want him getting too excited . and , I love him . A lot . I wish i wasnt such a bitch to him sometimes . He's such a wonderful daddy . he takes care of < PROPFEMALE > so well . And , he takes care of me too . everyone else just wants to see me naked but he actually cares . 
well at least i cleared things up with < PROPFIRST > . i had no idea that the other half of that lighter blew into his truck the other night ! i feel bad now . at least no damage was done except to eriks leg when the other half rocketed into it . haha no more blowing up lighters outside the front door at 130 AM 
Damn im tired tonight . going to bed early i think =/ 
damn i have accomplished a lot already today . Been up since 5:45 cleaning and right now i am getting ready to make < PROPFEMALE>'s Easter baskets =) . I get more joy out of her having fun during holidays than I ever had personally . I love her SO much ! 
I think im finally starting to figure out who i REALLY am as a person . it must be because im getting so damn old ! im going to need fake teeth and a < PROPMALE > soon . ha ! 
UGGGGHHHHH ! can my dad ever be on time like maybe once ? he was supposed to pick up < PROPMALE > at 3 and hes barely getting on the freeway ! this is Fing ridiculous ! < PROPMALE > is going to be royally PISSED OFF . We are supposed to be at my grandmas by 530 . knowing my dad they wont even get back til 5 . fuckin bullshit ! and that is all lol . 
Wat a fiasco today turned out to be ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Riddick for helping me out I couldnt have made it happen without you !!!! 
oh . its earth day .... i guess i can put my toxic sludge and plastic bags and nuclear power plant away .... but only for today . any longer and we might have a problem . ha ! 
Ew . It touched me ...... haha 
WOOO im friggen on top of it today .... thinking about getting my first red bull in 4 years just so i can say thats what my heart is pumping ! 
OI ! Ive really been a slacker this week about keeping up with my FB thingy ! lol well im back so ya'll can calm down . I know im friggen awesome but you people need to please relax ! 
OMG MALICA IS IN LABOR !!!!!!!!! Im SO EXCITED !!!!! keep her in your thoughts guys ! 
malica's baby may be the cutest thing i have ever seen . =) Except everyone who works at UMC is an idiot ..... 
Awe i just got back from visiting Malica < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Long , and baby < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! what a cute little family ! i <3 you guys ! 
so i lerned a couple things today ....... 1 . That plastic grass shit for easter baskets gets EVERYWHERE , and i literally mean everywhere . i got that shit stuck to my feet . B . Its amazing how holding a newborn baby can make you realize how short life is , and 3 . you can never REALLY go home again ...... <------- Ghandi shit right thuuuuur . 
No .... i do not need your help being awesome . i got that down to a science ;) Me and Ari < PROPFIRST > figured this out a LOOOOOOOOOONG time ago haha . and , F grammar , even though i already know the appropriate sentence would be Ari < PROPFIRST > and I . =P ....... and on a final note , i am no longer playing the ' poke ' game with anyone . it takes too damn friggen long to poke 100 people back . JUs SayN 
Officially been up for 40 hours . Im aboot to crash & hard . Eh . HAHA . Deuce bitches <3 
Awe , my poor little < PROPFEMALE > has a stomach bug ..... she cant really keep food down today , i think it was from too much excitement yesterday ! about to get her some crackers and < PROPFEMALE > ale . she has already thrown up twice hardcore but she doesnt have a fever so thats a great sign . I hope she feels better soon . i wish it was me so she doesnt have to go through that . this is her first stomach bug . =( 
Great off to the best place in the whole Fing world . DES . To cause a ruckkus about why they cut < PROPFEMALE>'s insurance off in December without ever telling me a god damn thing . im PISSED ! im bout to go give em a piece of my mind ! 
This kid Corbin < PROPFIRST > thinks he can out shit tak me ..... unfortunately for him , he has NO < PROPMALE > .. ooooh oh what little bitch was i not supposed to use your name ? Fuck you . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Ya'll got DELETED and BLOCKED . =) ahhh now back to where i was before all that bullshit . 
.... and now , im seriously going to delete all the people on my friends list who never say anything or irritate me . sorry if you get deleted . it wasnt an accident . 
I just went from 120 friends down to 92 . Thank God ! i hate people who just keep adding strangers to make themselves look better . i dont care who knows me . No you do not have 789 friends in real life . NO you do not have 1,279 friends IN REAL LIFE . FUCK YOU . .... and that is all . 
Im totally over the girl pants and emo/scene hair on guys . im so sick of it . If a dude has better hair than me and his pants are tighter than mine , i have problems . serious . 
I feel relaxed today ! not so much rushing as the last few days ..... and , im bout to go shopping ! yay ! 
