i dont get this ..... facebook thing ....... weird .... 

uhh .... drawing up blank 
job interview today =] 
hmmm ..... lindsay friday .... i think . 
so umm .... facebook is boring .... 
egh .... show was alright .... 
back in fres . chill weekend tho . 
raquet balls chill hah . 
fucking football sunday tomorrow .... niners =] 
fuck < PROPFIRST > hill . fuck favre . fuck the vikings . and fuck the officials making cheap calls . 
filling out job applications egh . 
is up early ... egh . 
feels like sleeping all day . 
drink up . fun day at miss wills thingy majig . 
the color orange 0_0 
cloudy is good . 
so whats everybody doing tonight ? 
Black ops <3 \ 
haha . 
well im up early ... 
awake early ..... mornings are kinda boring .... 
just rolled to fatties :] 
just rolled two fatties 
koo night . 
has < PROPFEMALE > get them wisdom teeth out ... ouch :D 
you 
fake ass world of mine huh . 
man , i needa snap out of it and find a job :/ . 
whats the point of facebook again ? 
changess foo ! :] 
didnt know how much pain id be in withouth painkillers haha . 
Stitches out !!!!! Finallyt too lol . and ima need physical therapy on my leg ..... how gay :/ 
rise up from the ashes , i got more then one shot at life yo :] . 
in need of a stimulating convo . 
i wish i had a shot at my past haha 
* sighh * 
I like your mind , your body , your soul , your figure . Catch ya , hold ya , squeeze you like a trigger . 
house of the scoprio , one of my most favoritest books lol . 
hmmm ...... anyone recommended any good books ? no gay shit tho haha :] 
trips me out when good shit happens , weird week kinda . 
kick-ass hella kicked ass haha 
Dont judge the life you aint living . 
snappppppppppppPPP ...................... crackle and PoP . 
meditation , so peaceful , so relaxing ..... now i just need to learn to fully achieve that stage without weed . 
just realized something , i aint meant for no love couple shit .... im meant to throw all my energy into my head ..... and become a super ultimate genius xD haha !!!!! 
not to sound egotistical and all ..... but when did being right all the time get so boring and point less ? Hmmm .... pensive ... 
bout to make the bombest sandwhich ! Haha 
im on a mission , to change my name to LK the guy who does work all day :] . hahaha . 
at aarons , their going of with some spray paint lol . 
Yea , charges D is getting me some good fantasy points :D . 
ufc , i need to win the damn belt . 
i wish i coulda just layed down and just dreamt my day away :/ 
worst part bout getting up sn early : still cant find my wallet ... 
\peace through strength \"" 
man , i need to snap back to reality . FOCUS , and get my ass in gear to get my ass out of here ! 
fuck man , still cant find my fuckin wallet . And i dont think its lost in my house no more .... FUCK ! 
Lately , i cant think straight . Kinda foggy . 
i wanna nap . 
I reject reality for all its worth . Ill live my life the way i should . 
piece of wood+a pair of trucks+4 wheels+8 bearing+8 bolts = one heck of a ride . shit man i wanna roll . 
Hmmm adventure ? 
attention deficit hyperactive disorder . 
lost in my lusty ways haha . 
from experience i learned . the knowledge ive earn'd . 
my car finally gots its liscence plate . Damn it no more mobing dirty >=] haha 
dreams turn to goals , and once again im back up on my roll . 
bout to go < PROPFEMALE > out with my good friend < PROPFIRST > . 
at the movies ..... bored . 
Oh man , i recomend case 39 . Funny shit , at least for me , might be scary for yall :] . 
man , i feel violent today .... 
fuck these bad vibes , ima go get lost in my book . 
old habbits , hard to brake . 
cant win em all :] . 
icees are the bestest :D 
greatness requires a little < PROPFEMALE > , a little perseverance , and a lot of perspiration . 
now its starting to feel like fall :] 
dang look at the time , started reading at 9 . It is now 130 . I guess im like a book worn haha . 
no mail today , mail lady got scared of by dog lmao :] 
and then so facebook blows up like myspace .... lameeeee 
just found out i been doing the wrong paper for govt class haha . 
i collect little things like ships thats made in a bottle :] 
yea ! Just got my absentee ballot , who knew id be excited for voting haha :D 
What's your astrology , and your biography ? 
The hardest part about homework asignments : getting started . 
Done . 
haircut :] . Now time for some guitar society . 
lightning :] 
class in the morning , lightning has me too awake to go to sleep anytime soon tho haha . i think i was suppose to look something up online too but i forgot ... hmmm .... 
this rains no joke , on my way to franks homassels flooded and there was a tree in the middle of the road . 
cant fuckin fall asleep , not to mention my fucked up side has been feelin strained lately >:/ . 
Sometimes the best things in life are free . Cha chea ;] . 
finally done with therapy , yea . 
sleep time ... hit me up if your down to go to the powder game ... night night . 
Hope the library gets my book tomorrow , i needa get lost . 
\anearnotnuthing\ " haha " 
dont rightly feel like being home . 
watching stay gold , put that shit on repeat and im good . 
woke up from a nap , refreshing . now i need something to do . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! Fixed my ps3 :D . Tho i had to delete all my memory :/ . 
Lmao , < PROPFIRST > smith got compared to < PROPMALE > button . Hes regessing back to the way he was . Sad part is its true haha . 
That time of the week again , football sunday :D ! 
i just love it how people dont listen to me cuz to them i \kid\ " . And i also love how bout 90% of the time im right and they all just think im a jinx . Not . " 
Missed the niner game , can anybody give me the score ? 
Them some trippy cool dreams right there haha . 
my trick hip is acting up ... theres a storm a brewing lmao . 
i think years of smoking marijuana affected my short term memory . 
heard someone unload three times , someone prolly got killed . Yea thats real \thug \"." 
Have ya ever gone looking at stars where there the brightest ? Thats a high on its own . 
just figured out whats wrong with my car window , simple :] . 
i think my networks working ?..... i feel restless as fuck ...... it feels like i got arthritis on my knee ..... my wisdom teeth needa come out ..... good shit ..... thought id share . 
off to dream the night away , literally . 
damn it , 91 on a test sucks when you know you can at least get 96 . 
just read a 381 < PROPFEMALE > book in 2 days ... someone gimme a cookie . 
eh :/ 
at the doctors , bout to get my teeth put out finally .... i think . 
i gotta say , ima junkie when it comes to hospitalrs and drugs that go in your veins haha . 
total count of teeth taken out alreadey . 8 . Haha . 
damn it , im hungry but cant eat nothing :[ 
just what are you so afraid of . 
life seems to be full of disappointments latley . Lesson seems to be keep optimistic and dont let it bug . All the same . 
boy do i love drifting :] 
man i was born on the coldest day of the year nov 16 , and born bad luck , god said it gon sink it . Hah cold world . 
film duty . 
< PROPFIRST > smith getting punkd around by raider d . The game better not continue like that . 
fell asleep .... and woke up to the niners with a winning score hah tight . 
lmao , first niner win of the season and it starts to rain . 
mcnab is like houdini , escaping all the sacks haha . 
Fact . Since i stoped toking i start remembering dreams . GN . 
great ... i forgot what i was suppose to write about for counseling class ... and im in red alert in there .... fyl . 
welp , i aint got much left xecpt these fucks yous and a good night . 
< PROPFIRST > people are stupid when they dont get the facts right . Especially when all you got are rumors to back up your claims . You guys fail in my eyes . 
ah dreams ..... they feel so real ..... so vivid . 
in my right ear ... i hear some throbbing .... its rather annoying actually . 
who knew .... votings is complicated .... i mean actually looking into all that shit .... geez .... politics is all buulllllshiiiiiittttt ..... i say we all start voting on a third part just for the heck of it . 
i wish life had a copy and paste button , it would make filling these apps much more easier . 
i keep beating myself up in the head , shit man wtf . 
man , so outa shape that a skate to franks house wore me out lmao . 
does anyone know when we get our financial < PROPFEMALE > ? 
ah the pleasures of contact sports , nothing to tell you your alive like a good hit :] . 
theirs nothing better then the open sky , i hate being confined under a roof . 
damn it , so used to waking up early i cant go back to sleep . 
finished a proficiency test and an interview . Got a call for a interview elsewhere , they want like 6 letters of rec . tho . not to confident on that one . 
friday .... nothing to do but bum around haha .... lame .... fuck it . 
one of those fridays . 
show no love , feel no pain . hmm wise shit . 
beautiful day to pick up a skateboard and roll ..... 
ufc 121 !!!! 
yea ! One thing is for sure , < PROPMALE > is a little bitch . fuck it mexican champ ! 
its funny how sometimes you gotta get respect by showing lack of it haha , well at least i think so with my best buddys dad situation haha 
lights out , immortal technique in the background enhancing my thoughts , and a good night and fuck you world . 
bush signed a treaty to eliminate borders between Canada and Mexico , only one news station covered this : CNN . cash for gold commercials are everywhere , their plan , strip you of real money worth and give you useless paper so they can establish the amero , currency to be used in those three countries . they want to strip you of true money value and keep it for themselvess . WAKE THE FUCK UP . < PROPFEMALE > la revolution PUTOS ! 
is it me , or does it look like < PROPMALE > favre is wearing a hearing aid ? 
-The powerful conspirators are made up largely of the international bankers , which controls the mainstream media , workforce , education system , companies , banks , energy supplies and governments . They are controlled by the richest people in the world such as the super-rich Rothschild and Rockefeller families . They hide behind many organizations such as the United Nations , the WTO and the Council on Foreign relations . 
Control of the world's money means control over everyone , especially those in debt . Exactly what international bankers conspiracy is doing . Every government is in debt to them . Personal debt is huge and increasing . Almost all are in debt . Wasteful spending , borrowing and debt are encouraged . People and governments are becoming in the bankers control , they must pay interest , which bankers can manipulate to their will . 
fuck man shouldnt of waited till today to do homework thats due tomorrow . and what type of fucking teacher barley post a study guide right now for a test thats tomorrow , dumb bitch should posted that on thursday or at least handed paper out .... shit !!! i need a chill pill . 
welp i might be up a little late thanks to my inability to do homework :] . someone provide some side entertainment hah . 
im not a cowboys fan , but man , what happened to roy .... i lost cuz that fucker got me no points :/ . 
bk breakfast always hits the spot . 
done for the day , i think i did well on my test in ethics :] . 
hmmm thought on my head ..... nah ill sleep on it instead . EA MMA is the shit tho !!! 
hunggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , even tho its irrelevant to yall .... 
take a shot at my mind , let it unfold and unwind , dont be scared to realize it , the things i see are real life shit . but theirs a beauty side to this , not only hatred exist , dont let the exterior fool you , for real beauty you need two . \ 
-peace of my mind . 
Things\ 
that prove a trend towards a one world government include ; a rising \ 
amount of globalization , free trade , privatization , foreign investment , \ 
mergers , international organizations , debt , international problems that \ 
need an international solution and peace agreements that give false \ 
security . 
Cant sleep :/ . 
it sucks how you cant get on fantasy football in the school libraries , lame . 
-nothing comes easy it takes much practice tho . 
oh shit , hired :] . 
doesnt anybody like to have some sober fun nowdays ? 
all i need is a good book and a glass of sweet tea , im just trying to get through the week . 
:/ 
Tacos :] 
-\im from the only place where democracy is acceptabl is if americas candidates electable . And we might have a black president but hes useless cuz he does not control the economy stupid ! \ " Real talk . " 
ah government you tricky whore , finally finished the damn paper . tho the end might be a little sloppy . 
round 2 , counseling rough draft . 
haha , cluth ! DONE ! :] \ 
Night . 
Jollyrancher icee ! :D 
jerseys for sale for 40 . Legit stitched and 100% fully authentic . What ya need ? Hit me up . 
double time thank you lord . see if i can balance this out :] 
welp , fuck it im probably going to bomb math tomorrow . sleep is essential at this point tho . buenas noches . 
i speak my mind , to intense for your kind . Get on my intelectual level , your brains about a pebble . So take some time and educate your mind . Irriplaceable , one of a kind . Peace and a good night . 
out for a walk under moonlight , step into the shadows and im out of sight ... 
Stoked for ink ! 
work work . 
\just remember when you fight to be free to see things as they are and not what you like them to be \"" 
Pessemistic .... 
Peace\ 
agreements and common ties between countries have some benefit , but \ 
give the world a false sense of security and tie countries together \ 
ready for a one world government . 
gotta love breakfast :] 
just an angry little fuck , tired of all this sameness . 
got fingerprinted for a job , damn im in the system now . 
im obnoxious nigga , cant you tell ? 
off of work . 
lets face some facts , the majority of us americans are racist , and yet where in iraq saying were trying to save them , and you belive that their jealous off our freedom ? Then why dont they want us there ? Whats really on the agenda off our american leaders ? I love where i live , but hate the people who run it . 
fuckin niners , three touchdowns called back because of penalties . man , you just dont do that , smh . 
hmm , go to my 6am class tomorrow .... or catch some much needed sleep ..... 
eww my tatts peeling hahaha 
Oh how ive come a long way since 91 . 
long day , but its finally over :] 
I love sleep :] . 
fuck you fuck yot and fuck you , i get paid tomorrow ... i think :] 
fustration and anger turn into something greater , \ 
\i dont want to 
i wanna go watch that . 
i wanna watch that , theres a show time at 7 and 730 . ima go watch that . 
3 more hours , 1 more class . 
roll roll roll roll your joint , add up all the green . Marily marily marily mairly mar- life is just a dream . Haha . 
oh shit , im full !!! :] 
too beautiful of a day :] . 
turkey sandwich :] 
damn it , still cant sleep . 
:] 
adhd kicking in on review sheet . 
gods speed and devils charm . 
fuck , i guess ima stay here for a while longer :/ . Hate to admit it but i feel exhausted x_x 
long day ahead ... 
Excuse me mr. Goverment but i thought this was a free world . 
i just found the sickest book in the library :D . 
oy , hopefully 2:45 comes fast today . 
can i hold you tho ? 
yeaa yeee ! football sunday and i dont work :D . and remember kiddies , i got nfl officially authentic and sewn jerseys for $40 if you looking to cop some . 
>:| 
2 hrs till next final . in vise with not much to do ...... >:| 
on my 15 , gotta say yogi makes some bomb blt's . 
fuck it , im failing counseling anyways .... no point in writing the paper . night world . 
i feel like skating its so fresh out . 
wherever your at , im hoping your having a good one too :] 
>.< 
hfakdoneflkdhgkjsheventhofkslkfdjhsahineverlksjfdhaskjhstartedjfsldagjsd 
being too out of shape kinda feels like one of those bad trips dude . 
Hmmm my phones screen is fuckd . No txt for a while only calls . 
just my luck , stupid car . 
family , the only help ill ever need :] . Car fixd i hope and on my way back . 
damn , failed two classes out of four :[ 
dude , ninja assassin is brutal as fuck ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas , even tho jesus wasnt born in december ! Lol . \ 
good haul this year :] . 
barabi bupi ? 
my sweaters all soaked ! Im prolly going to get sicker for being out like this . 
whoever said < PROPFIRST > singletery looks like a ninja turtle is fucking right , lmao . 
#fail . 
i can feel a piece of gravel in my calf ... crazy lol . 
what an uneventful day :| . I guess nothing to do but ... 
vikings eagles ! 
hmm , im in the mood for a good movie . Any recomendations anyone ? 
fuh , what to eat for breakfast dudes ? 
Lurker vision homie . 
damn , cant sleep . 
fucking fog . 
i dont like greedy or selfish bitches , rather hit em over the head and leave em with stitches . \ 
\ 
haha just saying . xD . 
still gots a red fitzgerald size 52(xl ) and a purple viking favre 48(m ) in stock . \ 
40 each . If you looking to cop one . 
Third night in a row that my sleeping dont flow >:/ 
when i get old , im probably going to be the old guy that goes in everyday at the same time and ordes \the usual\ " haha . " 
i wanna do something stupidly fun and destructive , like when stina caught that trash can on fire x ] . i dont like this party scene much tho . 
playoff weekend :D 
marshan lynch beast mode !!! \ 
fuck yea ! 
yes ! :D 
yea , how bout that < PROPFIRST > . Pop ! 
boy oh boy packers eagles xD . 
my journey took me deeper down the rabbit hole then i expected , tho i dirtied my fluffy white tail i emerged enlightened . -sherlock holmes . 
man i dislike waking up early >:| . 
pinche huevonada :| . 
just checked out the new school . Not bad , but where do they have p.e. at ? 
Im hungry .... 
ravens steelers . always intense . 
And thats all she wrote . Steelers up is how that game usually goes . 
ever feel like you gotta just pick yourself up , dust off , and continue on this narrow path that we set forth before you ? 
beautiful day when the shippments in :] 
its aarons birthday today ! wish him a happy one if you got his number and if you dont , get it haha 
phone screen is dead for sure now x.x \ 
haha cant see shit 
its like the schools an ocean , and i see a whole lotta fishys x ] 
fuckin antsy ! 
-mind full of rap gun powder its a habbit , shooting like < PROPFIRST > fud at the screwy rabbit . 
yeea ! histosys my first class today =) 
seems like < PROPFIRST > gas stations are working together to bring up their gas prices , its not a competition no more i guess . 
inservice 
on beautifull < PROPFEMALE > ass days like this its best to just grab your skateboard and just ROLL . 
i think cuttler needs a ring . \ 
but so does rodgers and tomlinson . \ 
and i wouldnt mind a steelers superbowl either . \ 
what a season . 
packers steelers super bowl 45\ 
good shit . 
when a team wins the super bowl , do all their second strings get rings too ? 
looks like were in a cloud its so foggy . 
< PROPFIRST > is trying to show me some nasty video where this guy sits in a cup and brakes it ..... in his asshole ............. 
ima be placing orders soon . \ 
if you want a jersey hit me up\ 
football(nfl , ncaa , womens jerseys ) , basketball , baseball , and hockey . \ 
still gots a viking favre(48 ) and a cardinals fitzgeralt(52 ) . \ 
40 each . 70 hockey . 
looks like ima be fucking late >:| 
for every bad day you get , better days are just waiting around the corner . 
you damn people need to stop eating so much damn food , no wonder you all a bunch of fat fuck americans haha\ 
. fuck it , at least yall getting me paid . 
last call if you want a jersey , ill be placing in orders tomorrow finally . football baseball , basketball , hockey . and i cand get mostly all players . 
Falling down is not defeat ... defeat is when your refuse to get up ... \ 
thought that was interesting ^ 
took forever but that little piece of glass finally came out , funny how the body works . 
here comes the sun do da do da :) 
holding on to anger is like grasping a hoat coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; your the one who gets burned . \ 
-buddha pihilosophy . 
superbowl at the doghouse grill :) . 
finally , my stupid books came in :] 
stealing some music from lupes laptop , thank you brotha ! lol 
man is there a greater feeling than accomplishment :) 
kush cloud . 
just woke up from a 5 hour nap , or more like 5 hour comma haha . 
nothing like waking up to some good ol california sunshine . 
mobbed up to the school for work ..... and i seen no cars , looks like i gots the day off . 
been doing some research lately . if my calculations are correct our generation is going to see some crazzy shit yo . lol . 
hey , how yall doing tonight . 
if you chill then im chill , get what i feel ? 
chiilin at mooney grove , shoot a txt . 
sometimes even i wonder what going on in my mind . 
ran some laps with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , chill 4 day weekend . 
sweat pants , hair tied , chilling with no make up on , thats when you the prettiest i hope that you dont take it wrong . 
its too < PROPFEMALE > to be snowing , wtf man haha . 
nostradamus 2012 , gotta love the history channel . 
fuckin wish i could do something to help this stupid earth ..... 
bout to get down .... with some homework . 
damn .... forgot my wallet =| . 
stuck at work ... i needa get home and do some homework ..... so i can SLEEP . 
wish i knew how to draw .. 
cool ... its friday . 
i dislike being sick , makes me miss out on some money making . 
my heads burning up , thank < PROPFEMALE > for robitussin . 
man my head hurts , feels like i opened up pandoras box over here . 
i need more then acetaminophen to take care of this headache , its been over four days the tylenols never kick in . 
-the good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge . 
drank an energy drink to be able to focus during this class .... and its canceled . fuck it . 
i am ruled by pluto ... no , i am pluto . 
im so cool im going to join the pride club :) 
ecology canceled for the second time in a row with no prior warning . teahers prolly still grading test . \ 
oh btw , monicas gay :) 
im hoping that the majority of the population around heres catholic ... cuz i aint ready for a busy friday at work . 
hallpass is wayyyyy too cheesy . 
oh shit i forgot i had god of war 3 . \ 
ima try to pass it on titan mode , then ima beat it in CHAOS mode haha . 
off to LA . should be interesting . 
mission fuckin acomplished ! :D \ 
chill day . 
just downloaded some fashawn , bumping :) 
stupid cos sticker messed up my sweet < PROPFEMALE > car paint .... but seriously tho ... stupid stickers . 
im in the mood for a good hug . just being open with yall . 
chicken and brocoli pizza . not bad . 
i hate having nice things .... i can never fucking take care of them and i swear that sucks . 
energy drinks suck ! 
anyone know when spring break starts for cos ? 
ufc 128 ! \ 
jones gots this . 
haha hell yea ! bones jones ! called that shit fuck shogun . 
i just learned that when taking a history test online ... it might not be hard to pass if you look up the answer in the index of the book , i coulda been passing :| . 
the good part of working at mcdonalds othen than a pay check . i get to make my own burgers and make em monsters ! 
man , i fucking love knowledge ! :D 
damn .... came in an hour early for work haha . now i gotta wait . 
no i dont read the damn paper . everything in there pisses me off . 
new < PROPFEMALE > , new piece ? alright lets get ripped bro x ) . 
my book came in ! :) 
my sister paid me with trident layers gum :| . \ 
not as funny as in the commercial . 
saw my first hockey brawl , nice . thank you < PROPFIRST > . 
strange world .... 
sup with this traffic on the 198 . i walk faster then this after a full meal ! 
damn what a beautiful fucking day :) 
30 more mins till i get to go home and sleep x_x 
dang , i forgot how much skateboarding makes ya sweat . 
i know what my heart wants , guess i dont know how to listen to it anymore . 
cool , their about to open up my arm and take out that little rock 
the night never finished , but the mornings started . 
personally , i belive facebook needa a middle finger button :D . 
rapping bout beer weed money and hoes is fun . \ 
but rapping about whats real takes some guts . \ 
thats why i like hip hop :) \ 
my opinion for yall . 
feels like i finally worked myself into exhaustion \ 
x__x \ 
or maybe only getting about 6 total hours of sleep on the weekend caught up to me . 
