My grandma is visiting !!! yay !! i just got to keep myself from eating too much now lol 

Yum .. Nothing in this world is better than my grandma's peach cobbler .. 
drama .. It's amazing what people put out for the entire world to see . Once something leaves your mouth , It's hard to take it back . Seriously .. Think before you speak ... or type . 
If only it could be this nice and hot year round ... We're headed outside ! 
Ohhh my . Gotta love the family . No shame ... \Tally whacker \"-- thanks Grandma .. My life will never be the same . LOL " 
Where does the time go ?? Babies I've watched and loved and played with are turning into teenagers ... I feel old .. 
I can finally say with absolute conviction that I HATE my child's father . Nothing in this world bothers me than a Liar .. The last 3 years I've known him has been the biggest headache . Yeah , he gave me < PROPFIRST > . But he's definitely not worth much more than that . 
I'm loving this weather , loving the family , loving the friends .. I just can't get enough ! 
It seems as life goes on the more I become more like my mother and great-grandmother . Both are completely Independant , self sufficent , ( sounds good so far ) Heart breakers , vicious man eaters . LOL god help me . We joke my great grandma killed all ther boyfriends off with a broken heart ! The fact I'm 21 and I want in no way shape or form a man could be a sign i'm headed down the same road .. just a lil early .. 
So , Reached a milestone !! I am down to 22% body fat . But , my arms are bigger =/ Guns are okay i guess .. lol Just got to get the lower body to match the top half .. It still giggles 
This past sunday , at a memorial day parade , I witnessed the most beautiful thing ... A town that prays together . Everyone knew eachother , everyone said hi , they'd ask if i needed help with my son .. And when the ONE pastor in the town asked for everyone to join hands and gather round .. they did . And everyone prayed . This is what small town USA is about . 
Sometimes people reflect , ponder , and think about their lives .. When I do , I just become deeply and profoudly confused ! lol 
I forgot how it feels . It's nice to remember .. 
Well , as my very good friend pointed out , My foot popped .. HAHA 
I have no motivation today .. I have to clean and start packing . I'm hungry and too lazy to even feed myself ! LOL what a waste of day .. 
Sometimes I can't understand why someone who is supposed to love you can be so hateful .. It's rubbing off on my son . And I'm at my wits end ... 
I am sooooo incredibly excited for my birthday !!! Don't know what I'm gonna do but I have a good idea what I'm gonna wear !! lol 
mmmmm .. Coffee ... so yummy 
I just can't stop smiling =] 
I am a little concerned with how much I am enjoying my son's shows .. Phineas and Ferb is the best ! lol 
< PROPFIRST > Urban is Adonis with a guitar .. His songs are usually half him singing , last of it is just him jamming with the band .. The last parts always my favorite . Goosebumps lol 
-- All you need this time of year is a pair of shades , an ice cold beer .. and a place to sit right near the water =] 
boy did my day go to crap .. i mean literally . While i was cleaning the kitchen my son decided to strip and poop on the living room floor .. ugh . 
I forgot the power of awesoliciousness .. =] 
I'm so tired of the same tasks everyday .. My life has become just a big pile of boredom . Clean clean clean clean clean ... Not just my son's things either . It's getting old .. 
nevermind .. i'm happy again . markie built a pillow fort .. So cute . =] lol 
bad bad bad ... Something bad , and i got the willies .. 
It's amazing .. He's amazing =] 
\i wanna be a REEAALLL BOOYYYY\ " man .. good times with cheesy movies and friends .. and cousins who like to draw me as the devil LOL " 
A fun day ahead of me .. But the < PROPFEMALE > on top is getting to see my baby =] 
I sometimes forget .. But I'm somehow always reminded that I'm one blessed chick . =] 
He's the best guy i've ever met .. seriously .. 
My mom made stuffed peppers .. I ate entirely too much . I feel sick now .. BUT IT WASS SOOOOOO WORTH IT !! lol 
Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy , But I have friends who love me =] 
sure felt nice when he was holding my hand .. 
Only I would injure myself and not notice until I'm wondering why my leg hurts and hear a dripping sound . LOL It's only a half inch gash .. I'm a bleeder i guess . 
Sooo i'm cursed . My cellular device got ran over by a car .. LOL oh god . I need a vacation .. Good thing i have an extra phone .. and my contract is up 
Can't stop smiling =] 
I'll be wearing white when i come into your kingdom . Green as the ring on my little cold finger . 
Happy Monday !! The weekend is over so hopefully the unfortunate accidents are too ! =] 
headache 
GREASE !!!! haha singing along with my bestie ! good movie =] 
Spending most of my days with a teenager has taught me a couple things :\ 
1 . Wow , I probably was that bad . \ 
2 . Always say thank you when you do something nice , it means something . \ 
3 . I REALLY don't want < PROPFIRST > to grow up .. Grr . But it just makes me more thankful for the time i have now .. Because one day i'll get a door slammed in my face , attitude for making a suggestion , and blamed for all that is wrong in this world .. 
It is just amazing what Yo Gabba Gabba does to your toddler . Nothing else exists ! lol 
flustered is a good word .. 
I just keep reminding myself .. Those who sow in tears are going to reap in joy . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > cuddle while watching Phineas and Ferb .. Aww I love Him 
It's so nice being able to smile again . 
Everyones gone .. I'm taking a nap .. YAY !! 
Sometimes I wonder what took me so long , I could have avoided a lot of anguish if i had just followed my gut a long time ago . At least I am reaping the rewards of growing up . 
Ignorance is bliss .. I'll just pretend I know nothing =] Have a nice day , and let bygones be bygones .. Your life will feel so much better . 
If I knew what I was doing , I'd be doing it right now . \ 
And I would be the best damn poet ; Silver words out of my mouth . My words might not be magic , But they cut straight to the truth . \ 
So if you need a lover and a friend , Baby , I'm in ... \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Urban .. Man another hit . LOVE IT 
I need a vacation ... Desprately . 
Sick .. Grr . i think i ate something bad .. 
Is in no position to be hurt again 
Is going to lay out .. usually don't but i can't help myself today . My cancer isn't growing and one day won't hurt . 
I love my grandpartents , they're my rock . They are there , and they love me . & hearts ; 
Happy Father's Day !! \ 
Today's the day i thank all the men in my life who have been a father to me ! MUAH LOVE MY FAMILY ! 
Even though this weekend hasn't gone according to plan .. it has ended wonderfully =] 
Today was a good day . thanks to all who've wished me a happy birthday ! It was . I LOVE AND MISS YOU ALL !! muah ! \ 
i can't believe i'm 22 lol 
Sometimes I feel dumb . Yup . That's me . 
Nothing is better than your intuitive grandmother calling you out . Embarrassing for me . Hilarious for everyone else . lol 
Umm .. Wow . Just wow .. WOW .. ooohh my .. WOW . hahaha oh god . i hate people . 
Sometimes what it takes to feel better is have a nice long heart to heart with somone you love and respect dearly . \Life may not always be worth living .. But the ones who love you are worth living for\ " ? I love when people throw my words back at me " 
Some things are better left unsaid . 
I'll breathe each breath you breathe , i can pour out everything i am . 
it amazes me how right i am about everything !! woohoo congrats to a very happy girl tonight ! ;] 
Its crazy what happends to the people in this house when < PROPFIRST > Bieber is playing . 60 year old women matching every move i make LOL 
It's amazing how people you've met years ago affect your life . I look at certain things people taught me . The ones who loved me and advised me . Some don't even know how they've impacted me . But i am thankful .. And always will be . 
Anxious . Tired . I need a vacation . Not gonna get one anytime soon 
Birds make me nervous .. They can peck at my eyes any given moment . LOL 
So 6 butterflies spent the evening mating around me .. Never have seen that before . lol Felt like i was watching animal planet in 3D 
Life without cause is a life without effect .. 
When the people fear the government there is tyranny . When they goverment fears the people there is liberty . \ 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > =] 
To the right to the left , We will fight to the death .. \ 
Hopefully Gen . Petraeus can get us a win in Afganistan .. \ 
Longest running conflict in U.S. history . 
I'm not sure exactly right now what i'm missing .. I just know i miss it . 
Nothing is better than starting off your day with a great cup of coffee . 
Got an Interview !!! woo hoo . Pray it goes well .. Lol been a while since i've had one of those . lol 
I seriously just smashed on Taco < PROPFEMALE > . It was GREAT .. i haven't had it in years .. But now i feel like i might die . LOL 
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time . 
I don't remember EVER having fun at a job interview , until today . lol Nice people .. hope i get the job ... fingers crossed ! 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine . I'm Lovin cloud nine .. my heads in the sky 
Out of sight , out of mind . 
Always do right . This will gratify some people and astonish the rest . 
Despite a fat lip .. I'm feeling pretty great ! lol 
\BAD ! BAD ! MOMMA BAD ! HAHAHAHA\ " lol Marks favorite saying ... " 
Feeling brain dead .. Long day .. Super tired . \ 
something again to reflect upon .. \ 
-- A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed . 
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live .. 
There ain't nothin ' bout you that don't do something for me .. 
Damn chairs keep jumping out in front of me and trying to make me fall ! lol 
“Let every nation know , whether it wishes us well or ill , we shall pay any price , bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , oppose any foe , to assure the survival and success of liberty . ” -- JFK\ 
Happy Independence Day ! 
No 4th of july has ever burned so brightly =] 
I'm in the best mood- Off to vermilion for the afternoon =] 
is dead on her feet . 
Party , karamu , fiesta , forever !! baby i like it ! ha ! 
I rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not . 
Now if she moves like this , will you move her like that ? Come on ..... uh shake it ! 
After a couple of months of fighting with < PROPFIRST > over bedtime .. He finally conceded !! woohoo i found the secret to no fight bedtime ! lol 
I'm starting to realize the past is always going to affect they way we live .. It's never gone . The past is what shapes the present . And as much as we would like to forget , most of us never will .. 
Leboob .. PR genius . 9 oclock tonight everyone will FINALLY find out where he's going and HOPEFULLY shut up . lol 
My only concern with Lebron leaving , as nerdy as it seems , is what it will do to an already BAD < PROPMALE > economy . Buh-bye Leboob ! 
Good thing about living many places your entire life -- getting to see different places , country to the hood . Warm beautiful weather , to more seasonal weather . Bad side ?? No place to call home .. I'm floundering today . 
Tomarrow will be Marks first trip to Cedar Point !! I'm so excited & hearts ; 
Proverbs 16:31 silver haired head is a crown of < PROPFEMALE > .. I remember telling my grandmother this to prevent her from dying her hair .. And i find myself in the same situation now . lol 
Had fun at cedar point with the fam .. < PROPFIRST > was miserable lol . And I'm pretty sure he just broke my mother's nose ... 
feels like getting in trouble tonight =] 
What i'd do for a time machine ... 
I'm wide awake .. no point in going back to bed . I'm gonna finish packing up my stuff today =] 
Going to enjoy the sun & hearts ; 
You can spend your life drawing lines .. Or you can live your life crossing them . 
He's everything I ever wanted , And everything I need . I talk about him , I go on and on and on .. ' Cause he's everything to me 
I love the way you lie & hearts ; 
You know a great person not by what people say about them , but what they say about others .. 
I wanna hear your secrets , wanna share your worries .. Wanna go the deepest , I don't wanna hurry .. I wanna take a lifetime to memorize your face .. Wanna hold you closer , kiss you longer . Wanna hear your heartbeat stronger and stronger . 
For beautiful eyes , look for the good in others ; for beautiful lips , speak only words of kindness ; and for poise , walk with the knowledge that you are never alone . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
Dentist appointment today .. WOOHOO .. surgery for my tooth next week =[ \ 
Excited , anxious .. and terrified ! lol 
Well bad news from the dentist .. The infection moved to my throat and in turn can cause me to suffocate ! haha great . Funny she felt the need to let me know if i start having breathing problems to go to the ER .. REALLY ? what else would i do ?? perform my own tracheostomy ?? lol So Got a bunch of drugs and surgery next week woohoo . =/ 
I'm a little scared about tomorrow .. But it's hard not to be happy when i have such an amazing man in my life . 
There are times despite the little annoyances in life .. I find myself in a place of complete serenity . The things you really need are always right under your nose . 
I usually can find the humor in everything ( to the aggitation of many ) .. and i know SOMEDAY i will laugh about this .. but not today . RIGHT after waking up i figure i can make a pot of coffee real quick .. why not i do it all the time .. as i walk back into the living room .. < PROPFIRST > naked is smearing his poop into the ground .. again .. ugh .. 
Cyclist I'm used to around here . But today it was INSANITY ! On winding hilly narrow country roads it's a bit of a hazard . Crusing at 55 ( speed limit ) and taking a curve and BOOM a brightly shirted person on a bike ! I swerve to the left while simultaneously slamming on the breaks trying to keep this poor bystander from being windshield mush . 
Faith is like walking into pitch black .. full speed ahead . Not without absence of fear .. but with absolute knowledge that without that faith your life means very little . 
Rearranging , changing , and filling my life .. It's hard and uncomfortable , but I am learning .. No growth without change . 
You got spark , you got spunk .. you got something all the girls want . You're like a < PROPFEMALE > store and i'm a toddler . You got me wanting more .. 
How sad is it that it took me 22 years to get , \what's black and white and red ( read ) all over ? \ " lol I'm obviously not good at riddles .. " 
What ever happend to Hanson ?! LOL 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you .. Go to work , do your best .. don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your prayin ' knees get lazy ... And love like crazy 
I can barely keep my eyes open .. Nicotine withdraw . =[ \ 
\ 
Stupid me just had to start again this past september .. So dumb . 
WOOHOO !! after two months of looking for a house , we finally found one five < PROPMALE > away , it's bigger and IN the actual city . I will miss the country but I won't miss having to worry about < PROPFIRST > falling off a < PROPMALE > . lol 
So much to do .. So little time . 
Randomness !! ahhh ! i'm soooo not focused today .. GRRR ! lol\ 
aaaand as i was typing my brilliant son fell through a tote ! hahahahahahaha ! 
Breathtaking the beauty and the radiance of You ... Whoa . 
WOW .. What a difference a day makes ! I'm seriously baffled and disgusted .. 
I hate feeling stupid .. But the more this happens to me the more I'm convinced that yes .. I am definitely STUPID ! ugh .. I give up .. 
We've been up for a few hours already , < PROPFIRST > is feeling great .. I just want to crawl back into bed ! Soooo tired .. 
Everytime I see him every worry and every stress melts away .. 
Maybe I should stop working out at 11 at night .. Obviously it keeps me too hyped up to go to sleep at a decent hour lol 
My son has too many toys .. No one needs this much stuff .. AHHH moving stinks especially when you have to sort through two rooms of toys LOL 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is an idiot . He doesn't under stand how hispanics could possibly be Republican . Stereotype much ? Those who are up on history would know that it was the Rebublicans who freed the slaves , and Wildrow < PROPMALE > , a democrat , reintroduced segregation throughout the federal government immediately upon taking office in 1913 . So < PROPMALE > and others like him can keep trying to divide Americans , I say we're above it . 
I keep throwing things away just so i don't have to pack it .. lol i have a feeling i might regret this later ! 
I was told once -- It's okay to feel lonely , sad , and even depressed .. Life isn't always easy . But the point is to keep going , keep moving .. You may not be able to see where it is you'll end up , but God always intercedes at the right moment . The rain will stop , the clouds will lift , and the Sun will shine through . It's just for a season , it won't last for always ! Times are hard , but never will he leave us .. 
I'm so sick of feeling tired and weak .. Emotionally I'm great ! Physically I am a mess ... \ 
Hopefully this crummy stuff ends now that gluten is GONE from my diet . I hope this works ! 
Sometimes life surprises you .. And people do too .. In the best way =] 
So crazy .. Wow .. Amazing . I'm speechless ! 
It has been a very productive weekend .. Started moving our stuff into our new home !! \ 
Soooo thankful < PROPFIRST > helped us .. definitely wouldn't have gotten half of what we did without him . MUUUAAHHH BABY !! 
i love how my son never misses an oppertunity to dump hot coffee down the front of me .. lol 
< PROPFIRST > is sick , underslept and screaming like a possessed monkey .. Agh .. Not much is going to get done today lol 
< PROPFIRST > is napping YAYYY !! Time to do laundry , clean kitchen , go through the last of my stuff in my bed room , and pack more to move over to the new house tomorrow .. Wooo .. 
ugh .. Not too sure anymore =/ bad day 
Just up pondering this one thing :\ 
He/she without sin may cast the first stone .. Not one of us are guiltless in the eyes of God , not one of us will go into death and not have to answer for our deeds . I live my life knowing I have to answer for myself .. Do you ?? \ 
Some let their pride blind them .. But i'd like to say .. Your pooh stinks too .. lol 
< PROPFEMALE > in personel is officially the hardest person in the world to get a hold of .. GOOOOOOOOOSHHHH !! but two hours of persistance paid off lol 
Very busy day .. went through a series of interviews and then had a drug test .. Just got home and got < PROPFIRST > down for a nap . ( YAY ME ) Now it's time to get stuff packed to go on the 2nd trip on the uhaul . WOOHOO last night in this house ! 
It's the little things that really blow you away , Never underestimate the power of your actions .. 
The older i get the more i realize nothing should surprise me anymore .. lol 
Looking so innocent , I might believe you if I didn't know \ 
Could've loved you all my life if you hadn't left me waiting in the cold \ 
And you got your share of secrets and I'm tired of being last to know 
Life just keeps speeding up ... I just want it to slow down so i can enjoy it a little ! 
I hate when people apologize for things they've done wrong .. You did it regardless .. i'm sorry after the fact is just stupid and insulting . 
It's amazing how love just sneaks up on you . You aren't looking for it nor do you really want it .. Then BAM .. it sneaks up on you and knocks the air from your lungs and you suddenly belong to someone .. And that's all you want . 
Getting < PROPFIRST > and Myself ready for the day .. A long one . Not looking forward to my 11:30 - 8 o'clock shift .. 
Maybe it's just me .. But sometimes I see someone sooooo freaking ugly .. I just want to slap them .. \ 
just a reaction . LOL 
I feel like I'm always two steps behind . You hope to catch up but no matter what you never do .. Boy , do I need a miracle ! 
Life ain't always beautiful . Sometimes it's just plain hard . Life can knock you down , it can break your heart\ 
Life ain't always beautiful . You think you're on your way and it's just a dead end road at the end of the day .. \ 
Life aint always beautiful , but it's a beautiful ride 
My nose won't stop running .. ahhhh ! 
So .. I've come to the conclusion I can't change who I am .. \ 
I'm opinionated , I'm goofy , Loud , and I can be mean and a bully when I'm pushed . But I also know I'm loyal , kind , sweet , and giving . I'm the best person to have behind you .. So yes , I'm \flawed\ " but I'm me .. And the good far outways the bad . " 
Best way to drink wine ?? From the freaking bottle .. \ 
Just sayin ' lol 
How did i not know today was sweetest day ? And secondly , is it a real holiday ? LOL thanks sting < PROPFIRST > guy for reminding me ! 
I remember how I felt , sitting by the water . \ 
And every time I look at you , it's like the first time . 
When you look at me I forget to breathe & hearts ;\ 
So .. It's my fault i'm turning blue LOL 
Work .. \ 
enough said .. 
Up nice and early .. \ 
House is super cold .. \ 
Work 10:30 -7 .. but you still couldn't wipe the smile on my face even if you tried ! \ 
& hearts ; 
Hello , My name is Britney . \ 
I am a closet Manga fan .. \ 
yes .. \ 
I ... AM .. A .. GEEK !! lol \ 
so this is how it feels to leave the closet .. I feel naked 
Going to be lazy tonight .. \ 
Work 10:30 - 7 again tomorrow .. \ 
Then off Friday . Thank God . 
My lil man spent the afternoon walking the neighborhood and visiting EVERYONE who was outside .. Poor baby is out cold in the middle of the livingroom floor . =] \ 
Now to cook dinner and enjoy some quiet time .. 
That nagging gut feeling you feel sometimes , the one that makes you anxious and jumpy , Its your intuition .. Listen to it .. 
short work day .. \ 
then off to cedar point !! & hearts ;\ 
Time away from certain people will be good for me right now .. 
It's soooo nice out today !! YAY ! lol 
She figured out she could run , and when she did , she was long gone .. long gone 
Crazy weather ... Knocked the power out all afternoon ! \ 
now i'm just drained and ready for bed .. But < PROPFIRST > doesn't seem ready =/ 
drama at 6 o'clock in the morning !! uugh .. lol\ 
up and relaxing before work .. Then gone 11-8 . \ 
Then to pick my son up from daycare and hopefully a peaceful night .. \ 
oh , and .. menopause makes people crazy .. let me just put that out there !! 
My baby chose to eat hummus and pita bread for dinner over pizza LOL .. \ 
He's full and tired so hopefully bed is in the works because I have to clean and go over my step dad's bank statements .. JOY !! 
i wanna punch someone .. just for fun ! 
Sometimes i wonder whats worse than halfway gone ? Because thats exactly where i stand and it's worse than hell . 
Sooo .. Today I got a promotion !! Whoop ! So this is what it feels like ?! lol 
Going to enjoy my day off .. And ponder a few things :\ 
Is it best to walk away while you still have something left ?? \ 
Or do what I always thought .. Live a life well spent , at the end of my life know I poured everything out ? Time will truely tell what this girl is going to do .. 
Ehh .. \ 
that's all that is on my mind today lol 
silence .. Grandma took the baby so i have some quiet time =] \ 
Now back to cleaning lol 
Annoyance is a strong feeling ... \ 
and the will to hold back a slap to the face is weak . lol 
growing old .. growing bored .. \ 
Only thing that makes any sense to me is my baby boy =] 
i miss him .. and it's only going on two days =[ \ 
lol wow .. I'm in trouble 
so .. With < PROPFIRST > I did not have one braxton hicks contraction and if i did i didn't notice . Well , for the past 24 hours my stomach has been randomly contracting . The first one i felt i freaked out and my mom was like .. Umm duh , braxton hicks , Brit . =[ i've been here before but i'm feeling like a newbie lol 
Rules for dealing with pregnant women , lesson one ;\ 
comments on my body should be simple .. \ 
\wow your boobs are huge\ " is offensive 
My son has excellent aim , i think he sterilized < PROPFIRST>'s boyfriend earlier .. Poor < PROPFIRST > , but i have to say i'm very proud of my lil man ! lol 
I've been looking for all terrain jogging strollers , and all that have decent reviews are crazy expensive ($600+) , and the ones on craigslist so far are not too nice looking or doesn't have a carseat compatibility .. I'm thinking we're gonna be sinking some serious money on a new one =[ 
You know the heart of a man ( woman ) by the words of their mouth .. And you know a great person not by the words spoken about them , but what they say of others . 
So much time , so much space . I miss you , I love you ... and I always will & hearts ; 
officially feels like my uterus has been hijacked .. And it's just the beginging .. Oh , boy .. This is gonna be a long few months ! 
I've been reminiscing a lot lately .. But as a wise person told me , As much as you like , you can't go back .. 
Never thought < PROPFEMALE > would be taking a back seat to the french .. EVER !! I must say i'm proud of < PROPFEMALE > for taking the lead when our President WON'T . Yay Sarkozy , and kudos for the backbone < PROPFEMALE > no longer has .. 
How can a guy who never took care of his kid (<PROPFIRST>'s dad ) get so angry that his son has a dad that really loves him and spends time with him ?? Get a life and go play house with one of your many girls .. =] Oh , and have a nice night ! 
No matter what has happend in my life , and the little annoyances that get in my day ... I can't help but smile and think how blessed I truely am & hearts ; 
Ahh the weather is sooo nice ! docter appointment today at 2 then the day is mine .. And Marks .. lol 
< PROPFIRST>'s book of the week , \ 
Close Encounters of a Sexy Kind .. LOL 
Rules for dealing with pregnant women , Lesson two :\ 
You can touch my belly if ... \ 
You are a woman , all women are curious and excited by a giant belly full of baby . I don't mind . \ 
And a man whom i'm very related to ... Like uncle , grandfather , brother , type thing . No 5th cousins twice removed may touch my belly .. Because you will get punched in the throat . \ 
when in doubt just ask =] 
I adore my mommy & hearts ; 
Loving Life , Loving Family , Loving what comes next .. I can't complain . 
sometimes you just wanna smack someone and scream , \ewwww !! NOO ! what are you thinking ?! \ " .. \ 
What amazes me the most in this world is the innocence of a child .. They know no guile or deceit , they love life just for the simple things . I know one day my son will witness betrayal and lies , and he will gain knowledge of the ways of humanity . But I will enjoy this time while it's here , And I will do everything in my power to ensure home will always be a safe haven for my children . 
I'm so sick of this Ohio fake warm weather .. It looks sooo beautiful outside then you run out and freeze . No end to cabin fever in sight ... UGH 
Thank God for Pawpaws to run outside with your toddler all afternoon when you definitely don't have the energy . Definitely a life saver when your son takes off after a random dog barking .. Potential lawsuit ( on the owner of the dogs behalf ) averted ! lol 
Tired , I am beyond ready for bed .. Too bad < PROPFIRST > has about another Two hours left in him lol 
I've been up for a few hours now and i have a full blown migraine . Thank you pregnancy hormones .. 
Uncertainty and doubt have no place in my life .. I have no issue removing certain elements or people out of the way for my , and most importantly , my families best interest . Living for those who love you most is an honorable and worth while endeavor . 
