OK , so it's 2010 now , can we please start seeing through our illusions and stop destroying our planet and each other ? 

can't decide what to do for the last weekend in Frogland ;) 
Finally home after being held hostage in < PROPFIRST > by the snow ... though not such a bad thing in the end . P.S. < PROPFEMALE > is strange ... 
OK , laugh if you'd like , but I saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Avatar earlier today and I really like it . Yep , there you go , said it 
wishes that we had other planets to visit ; this one can be rather tedious at times . Really , I'm just bored as hell ... 
Is it Friday yet ? Please !?! 
Relaxin ' and restin ' on a rainy day , gettin ' ready for a big house party with the new roomies :) 
Tax return time ! Gmme my money , you dirty government , you . Plz 
P'ra mis amigos hispanohablantes : ahora vivo con < PROPFEMALE > ecuatoriano y < PROPFEMALE > brasileno . Creo que mi destino yace en el Latinoamerica :-D 
Cold , wet and grey for over a week ? I thought I lived in Florida , not some dreary place like northern England . Spring , have you lost your way ? 
Ok , so it's Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Shouldn't every day be a genuine celebration of true , unconditional love toward one another and not just another vapid cardboard commercialization ? 
Hhmmmm , oooouuu , yes ... The People's Key ( Bright Eyes ' new one ) is so smooth , seductive , psychically-expansive , sonically satisfying in every way ; in short , uuhhh(drooling ) ... it's GOOD ! Available for free streaming on NPR's First Listen 
What salve could soothe this slow-stalking insomnia ? 
Never thought of running ... my feet just led the waayyy ... / Mixed-up signals , bullet train(movin ' out ! ) , people snuffed aaatt in the brutal rain/ ... I'm a repeat firs t-t ime offender , who has re-written history ... Mixed-up tea leaves(movin out ! ) , phantom pain(movin ' out ! ) , fuzzy logic in the crazy rain ! Gettin ' better every daayyy if the brakeman turns my waayyy 
Thank you everyone so much for the birthday wishes ; I love you all ! 
Ever so slowly , this false , material-fixated ego is diminishing in power . Hari Bol :-D 
