Happy New Year everybody !!!! Lets have a good one . 

Dreams Don't Die !!! 
Wait so beating resident evil was by < PROPMALE > ? Lies ! All Lies ! lol 
is watching some long over due Boy Meets World . lol 
After two of not having my computer ......... i'm back on facebook !!!!! YES !!!!!! 
After two weeks of not having my computer ......... i'm back on facebook !!!!! YES !!!!!! 
Well I hope everyone had a nice holiday this past thrusday . lol 
CAN NOT WAIT TILL THE NEW SEASON OF SCRUBS !!!!!! THIS TUESDAY !!!!!!! 
Watcha gonna do when they come ? I gotta redeem ! Whatcha gonna do when they come ? I gotta relieve ! Whatcha gonna do when they come ? I gotta recieve ! You gotta do what ? you gotta do what ? I gotta Believe ! 
The New Scrubs is different ....... Good but different . I'm looking forward to the new episodes . lol . So with that said did anyone else catch it today ? 
I have some dame good friends and family that I would be lost without having . 
I am soooooo not GDA anymore . lol 
Why were those kids such assholes to < PROPFIRST > Brown ? lol 
I might die soon ...... lol . 
Is a chronic procrastinator ....... 
Is alive somehow ..... lol . 
I was wrong ....... the fight of my life has just started . And i have no idea if i'll survive this or not . 
Why the heck not . I have almost nothing to lose at this point . lol 
Man i suck ....... 
No homo . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas facebook !!!!! Hope ya have a good one !!! 
Or better yet happy holidays to everyone . Hope you all have the best possible and God bless . 
Its quite sad to see things slowing changing . But then again thats life . It would be boring otherwise . 
One more battle to go ...... MAN THIS IS GETTING OLD !!!!!! Like really why do i always got to go through all this crap ?! Why can't i just have a year without this kind of shit happening ?! And what i'm doing all of this in fear of dissapointing and being hated by them ...... they're already going through enough as it is . Just man do i really dislike myself . 
Ok enough feeling sorry for myself . Its time to take action !!!!!!! Besides once i do this things will start to get better ..... alot better !!!! \Courage is the magic that turns dreams into reality . \ " lol ....... maybe i should look to something else for encouragement . < PROPMALE > stallone maybe . lol Well the point is i now what i need to do ! " 
Back at < PROPMALE > Stowe now . And just found out that < PROPMALE > Sharpton is coming here on the 9th . Hmmmmm . 
well i'm not going to forget this weekend for a few reasons . lol nows its back to collage life . And you know what ? I'm pretty damn happy to be back . ;) 
just got owned ...... lol . 
I saw wwwaaaaaayyyyy too many of them today . lol 
If i don't watch myself im going to become what dislike the most ...... so im going to start with saying to all of those i've wronged . I'm sorry and i'll try my best to do better in the future . 
Thats exactly why i hate facebook applications they are so darn random . That last one everyone please just ignore because the people chosen were randomly picked . I'm just saying this to avoid any misunderstanding . 
I just had ONE OF THE biggest epiphany of my life . Now I must build my own legacy with the persona I make for myself . To become a DYNAMIC TEACHER !!! 
Hey friends on facebook . I have a < PROPMALE > project i have to take care of . But i have to come up with ten words describing my personality . So i thought it would be fun to see what you guys come with . Be honest . lol . Mine is random , positive , super , trusting , dreamer , he < PROPMALE > ful , hopeful , extroverted , happy , and idiotic . I think there are better words out there so help me out . lol :) 
I have turned over to the dark side ..... 
Hulk Hogan we're coming for you nigga !!! lol 
has enjoyed being a teenager . 
Well happy birthday to me . lol 
Well thank you all for the birthday wishes . I happy to have all you guys in my life . and to have been on this earth for another year by the grace of god . lol 
Man i'm about to get my ass handed to me by my classes . lol 
man i just got my ass kicked by my classes today . it was ugly . lol 
I'm worried about whats going on with some of his best friends . :( 
I'm in a < PROPMALE > fight with my classes at this moment that i'm losing ........ BAD !!!!!! LOL 
I'm about to give out the second < PROPMALE > to that certain person . Hope I don't regret it . lol 
ugh !!!!! i've been getting my ass handed to me this entire week . but at some point even someone like me can get discourage of these turn of events ..... 
ok ...... this is really ugly ....... How many ass kicking can this man get before he has an emotional breakdown . Find out on the next episode of \The Life of < PROPFIRST > Johnson \"." 
I can't give in to defeat yet . I have a mission to accomplish . I can't die yet ! Said the hero of the story ! 
Difffenent phone now . But i lost most of my < PROPFIRST > . So everyone give me your < PROPFIRST > ! Do it now !! 
AAARRRGGGGHHHHH !!!!! SSSSOOOOOOO FREACKING PISSED OFF RIGHT NOW !!!! DAMN IT !!! DAMN IT !!! DAMN IT !!! DAMN IT !!! DAMN IT !!!!! DAMN IT !!!!! WHY ...... WHY DID THIS HAVE TO HAPPENED ? ARGH !!!!!!!! THIS IS SOME < PROPMALE > BULL !!!! I WAS LIKE SOOOO FREAKING HYPED NOW IT ALL LEFT ME . I JUST DIED A LITTLE ON THE INSIDE ... DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMN IT !!!! OOOOOHHHHHHH I FEEL LIKE PUNCHING SOMEONE ........ THIS IS NOT COOL AT ALL . 
My friends can come to me for anything . No matter what it may be . I promise to always keep an open mind . Even if it might be awkward . I will always be here for you comrades in life . 
Today is an amazing day outside . It makes me feel even better than usual . 
I'm fighting the forces of evil that are Biology ........ and losing yet again . Is this it for our young and sexy hero ?!?!?! Find out on the \The Life of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Those Other People He Just Happens To Be Associated With \"." 
IT IS SO FREAKING NICE OUTSIDE . I WANNA PLAY . LOL 
I am going to take my ownings one at a time tomorrow . and have pride while doing it too . lol 
It's time to make my counterattack on my classes !!! 
I don't care . I am soooooo not losing the fight . lol 
This is it . win or get owned . The choise is mine to make .. lol 
SO WHO'S UP FOR SOME VOLLEYBALL , ULTIMATE FRISBEE , AND POSSIBLY SOCCER . At Longacre part tomorrow ? 
VOLLEYBALL , ULTIMATE FRISBEE , AND POSSIBLY SOCCER . At Longacre part tomorrow !!!! Come on people . you know you want to . all is invited . 
Ok everyone we might have gotten own by the weather today but we will do this another day . In the mean time I will prefer to this upcoming day as project \Lust for Longacre\ " . lol " 
wow . just wow ....... lol 
..... It is amazing how crazy some people are . 
this is going to be amazing . come on people project \LFL\ " . YOU KNOW YOU WANT TOO GO !!! " 
Evil must die . 
I gotta Believe !!! 
Road House . 
I think i'm going to try for project LFL today . lol 
Had fun hanging with nate and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . But STILL won't be joining the side of evil . Justice wins ! lol 
SSSOOOOOOO . Park anyone ? lol 
So i have to go to the St. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Museum for a project before tuesday . who wants to come with ? lol 
Ok people ! Zoo and St. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Museum tomorrow ! so who wants in ? i would say saturday but its going to rain .... lol 
Damn you Sephiroth !!!!!!! 
hmmm . looks like i'm going it alone tonight . :( 
.......... I won't let it end like this ...... we are too great of friends to let it end like this . 
It ain't over yet ...... but i've made some < PROPMALE > progress . All will be cleared up later on today ...... but for now I need to sleep . 
Ok ...... this is the hardest part . 
well looks like its a solo mission to the st. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > museum . 
........ Damn i'm an idiot . lol 
Just got done hanging out with Ace and Jt . Wrestlemania was pretty good . 
Must get job ........ need job bad . lol 
If i fail on my face then i just have to keep on trying until i get good results . 
ITS SHOWTIME !!!!!! 
Happy Easter to all facebook ! Off to church I go . lol 
I need to grow up ...... 
What is wrong with me ? I can't even pass a simple biology class . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer awareness month ! Say a prayer :) 
I got a job ......... VICTORY !!!!!!!!! 
Sometimes I wonder just how intelligent I really am ....... 
Well ....... that was short lived . lol 
For some reason I am really starting not to care about certain things ....... that is really bad . lol 
Its amazing how fast i do my work at the last minute . lol 
The road not taken . I am going to try and not stress myself out with what i've should have done differently . I need to stop wanting to undo the past and strive for what can be a better future . BUT THE QUESTION IS . Will everyone respect the choice i've made or will they resent me for it . FIND OUT ON THE NEXT EPISODE OF \The life and times of < PROPFIRST > Johnson !!! \ " We're getting towards the climax people so stay tune . " 
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there !!! 
Is getting own by the common cold ...... lol 
i'm soooooo pissed off right now !!!! 
Nintendo is kicking some < PROPMALE > ass at E3 this year !!! What does sony have in store i wonder ? lol 
I soooooo hate my brother right now !!!! LoL 
I feel like taking a trip to find of where parts unknown really are . Anyone wanna come with ? lol 
What is true justice i wonder ..... 
To all you dads out there happy fathers day ! 
Yeah ....... my ankle is in pain . lol 
There are two things in this world that I just can not stand ! Lies and \ 
evil and lies and ... BELL PEPPERS ! 
Omae wa mo shindeiru ..... 
Should i go for it ...... 
This is very tiresome ...... lol . 
Well finally done with that . lol 
I should had went for that swim to canada while i had the chance ........ lol . 
I WILL lose this freaking weight dammit it !!!!! 
Im i the only one that thinks sonic 3 has the best music out of all the sonic games ? lol 
....... Victory . 
........ 
I must Believe in the heart of the cards ....... if i am to sell these bitches i must believe in the heart of the cards . lol XD 
Well ....... that was some fail . lol 
Time to go into hermit mode ........ goodbye outside world . lol 
I'm the best there is at what I do , but what I do isn't very nice . 
It's clobberin ' time ! 
What is a man ? A miserable little pile of secrets ! But enough talk ... Have at you ! 
< PROPFIRST > Osborn is a freaking prick . lol 
I need to do some repenting ....... in more ways than one . 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is not a cure and \ 
it's definitely not contagious . They want what we all want ... to be \ 
accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this , but in honor \ 
of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding ... Will \ 
......... you copy , paste , and leave this as your status for at least an \ 
hour . 
I am about to spend my day trying to come up with some witty catchphrases . lol 
As long as there is a glimmer of hope i will keep moving forward . I will not stop nor can i afford to ....... JUSTICE !!! 
Even i have my own insecurities . I just choose not to show them to anyone . lol 
Casa < PROPMALE > is open to the public as of 20 minutes ago . lol 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > thank you all for staying at casa < PROPMALE > it was a great pleasure having you all ! Tell us what you think by text . As we are always try to improve on our services . lol 
Street Fighter had me at Hadouken ! 
Thunder . Thunder . Thunder . Thundercats hhhhhhhhoooooo !!!!!!! 
Argh shit I need to practice now !! 
I need a training montage of me getting better at street fighter . Or the hyperbolic time chamber . To < PROPFEMALE>'s lookout !!! lol 
One will Rise One will Die One will Lead One will Sacrifice All will Unite . 
My friends and family .......... you guys give me the strength to keep fighting the good fight . Thank you all . JUSTICE !!!! 
You know i just realized that if i had took a few wrong turns in my life i could have turn out to be a real psycho ...... lol . 
My ally is the force . 
Its a long road . 
Here's the mail , it never fails . \ 
\ 
It makes me want to wag my tail . \ 
When it comes I want to wail MAIL !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Winners Don't use drugs . Said the arcade machine . 
I am the cold steel ... the blade that will restore balance to this world ! 
OOOHHHH SNAP IT TOURNAMENT TIME !!!! HADOUKEN !!! 
Alright ...... may the goddess of victory shine upon me as i fight these series of battles . JUSTICE AWAY !!!!!!! 
Thunderstorms are awesome !! 
A\ 
PERSON HAS 100 WISHES . A CANCER PATIENT ONLY HAS ONE : TO GET BETTER . I \ 
KNOW THAT 97% WILL NOT REPOST AS THEIR STATUS BUT I KNOW MY FRIENDS \ 
WILLBE THE 3% . EVEN FOR ONE HOUR IN HONOR OF THOSE THAT DIED FROM CANCER\ 
AND THE THOSE STILL FIGHTING IT 
Be just and punish the unjust . 
Words can not even describe how incompetent I feel right now . 
I don't care want what anyone says . I want < PROPFIRST > Bearer at my birthday party . And he's going to sit in a corner and make crazy faces at people . lol 
Happy Halloween people . Stay safe out there . 
I am currently out of commission due to what is the common cold ...... ugh . Defeat is such a bitter taste . lol 
It really annoys me when people group other people together base on what some are doing or what have done at one time . Example \Why do insert group name do this ? \ " . Implying that the people within the group does that or whatever . Thus making a stereotype for that particular group . It even make me even angrier when its not true . I am not just implying this towards race . Towards things in general . " 
Heartburn ......... owww . 
Omg i feel like dookie right now ..... no pun intended . lol 
Heartburn is a very horrible thing ........... 
Don't mess with < PROPFIRST > rambo . 
Darn you freaking < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for getting me addicted to how i met your mother . I really hate you both . With much love , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > aka Justice . 
Argh why is everyone doing this Q and A now ......... alright send a question to my inbox and i'll answer it . And i do have the right to decline a question if i think its too whacked out . But you shouldn't have to worry about that because thats only in the most extreme cases . lol 
\I am the white void . I am the cold steel . I am the just sword . With \ 
....... Yeah i don't play the villain too well . 
Heh im not one to show school spirit often but go lancers . 
I have good friends . 
God i love street fighter . 
May you all have a just thanksgiving ! 
That food was awesome ......... this pain is worth it . 
Can't make friends out of everyone . lol 
Which Blazblue character are you ? -- My Result : Hakumen . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/252909/referrals/status?aid=1268711908 
i feel sorry for the miz girl . but is so darn funny . lol 
anyone who has live and wants to add me do so . lol 
People need to stop rage quitting . 
Yup ...... im pretty pathetic . lol 
i want to start hanging with friends who i havent seen in a while . if you feel apply hit me up . lol 
Ranma is freaking awesome . lol 
Ah darn ........ I really hope it doesn't turn out that way . 
Its time for the reunion of game night . I've been looking forward to this for quite some time now . 
Argh why can't i sleep ...... 
That subway sandwitch was like a party in my mouth . lol 
That was a good way to start off the reunion . But it was only day one . More action is on its way . 
Hahahahahaha . X-men welcome to die ! 
I have great comrades in arms . 
How may failures can a man take before he starts to feel like one himself ? Find out in the next episode of Justice ! 
May you all have a blessed and justice filled Christmas or should i say happy holidays . 
Guile's Theme does in fact go with everything . lol 
That was some awesome stuff lazer tag and dennys . still mad that they didm't give me my < PROPFEMALE > apple crisp though . 
DAMN YOU RED RING OF DEATH !!! 
Heh some relationships are worth staying dead . And some are worth reviving . lol 
Ugh ....... why am i tired ? lol 
Maybe i should stop playing around when having a serious conversation . People might start to take me seriously after that . 
That weather almost kicked my ass again ....... 
Now all I need is a crazy snowball fight of mass destruction . Anyone game ? lol 
All good things must end at some point . Its a shame . 
Ok me and my great ally Ace Hawkins want to have a massive snowball fight a longacre on sunday . any one who is game hit us up . Oh and he said if you come your lives may be forfeited by the likes of him . Just a warning . lol 
Again people snowball fight longacre sunday ! All is invited but you may die though . ;) 
People let it be known ....... procrastination can kill . Repeat procrastination can kill . 
If i say something then i mean it . Not the opposite . I'm not the type of person to play mind games . Also , don't assume . If you don't know something then ask . 
So you want to be a pokemon master ? 
Im starting to succumb to dark temptations ...... no pun intended . lol 
All of this snow is really pissing me off . lol 
I've learned a very powerful lesson yesterday . Never eat pizza that JUST GOT THE OVEN IN LESS THAN A MINUTE . IT WILL BURN YOUR MOUTH ! And yes i was worth it . lmao 
NOW YOU FACE DOOM !!! 
Thank You everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! Im very blessed to have you all in my life ! JUSTICE !!! 
