The only one i have is me , and sometimes i annoy me lol 

bored ... 
:( 
I love < PROPMALE > of the Hill ... 
can't sleep ..... 
relaxing ... 
I don't want to work today !!! 
don't want to work today .. I have to close and then wake up at 8 a.m. grrrrrrrrr 
Nothing is exactly as it seems . Nor is it otherwise . 
Second night I cannot sleep . Grrrr .... I need a vacation or something so i can RELAX !!!! 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!! Be safe ! 
Good googly moogly , that thang is juicy !!! 
Okay , I may sound pretty dumb but , how do you get to quizzes ? I usually just go through somebody who has taken one , but I don't want to do that anymore ... Somebody help !! There HAS to be an easier way !!! 
Forgive , don't forget ... 
Somebody broke my driver's side window and stole my CD player ... guess the car is not selling anytime soon :( 
want to go out , but don't want to get ready lol 
I want a whole new life ... not going to happen though lol 
Lidell on Dancing with the Stars ?!?!?!?! 
2 new purses for $50 !!! So stoked !!!!!! :) 
:) 
lol :) 
GREAT week so far ... Hope that it lasts !!! 
Work and the morning and I can't sleep !!! so annoying ... 
Tired and my parents are having friends over ... ugh !!! O well , I get lamb kabobs :) 
Reading , glad to be working my mind after years of wasting it lol 
HAPPY HALLOWEN !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody !!! 
Happy New Year Everyone !!!! 
Less than a week until the big 2-1 !!!!! 
OMG I'm 21 !!! Can't want to get the party going ! Suggestions welcome for some cool places to go to ... 
I'm all about my cake , I'm tryin ' to marry < PROPFEMALE > Crocker . 
Can we keep Facebook the same from now on ?!?!?!? I feel so confused !!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !!! 
Got my AC Adapter today and it works !!!! So glad to have my computer back !!!! 
Watching Scarface :) 
O , what a BEAUTIFUL day !!!! :) 
Happy Easter everyone !!! 
I would just like to say thank you to all the people i met tonight . I didn't think the night was going to go as good as it did and i am elated that it happened like that :) Can't wait until tomorrow lol 
blah 
i wanted to go out and then i took too long of a nap ... grrrr 
found an excuse to go out ... going to < PROPMALE > world for new work shoes . text me if you have excuses for me to stay out later lol . 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth\ 
< PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and \ 
Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage\ 
is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ??... \ 
Feel free to copy and paste if you agree 
I don't want todo anything but play Call of Duty ... What's wrong with me ?!?!?! lol 
Thursday 11 o'clock; start of a new journey !!!!! Hope it's a prosperous one ! 
Just spent half my check on nothing I actually wanted . I despise adulthood !!!! 
Some people are just plain selfish ! 
Today could be better ... 
Going out ; have to get it in before school :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!!! 
Done with my first quarter of school !!!! I ' m so proud of myself :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s List !!!! 3.75 !!!! I am feeling wonderful to say the least . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! hope it is a great one !!!! 
If I want to keep my hands to myself and line up in an orderly fashion tomorrow , I have to get a good night's sleep !!! 
I backed my car into a cop car the other day . Well he just drove off , sometimes life's okay . 
< PROPFIRST>'s list again ! I am so freaking proud of myself :) 
New phone ! I love it ! 
