Stoked about my appt at EMU School of Music this week !! 

My flute students are amazing ! 
Incredible evaluation & lesson with Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Stone , Professor of Flute at EMU ! What a phenominal person and professor !!! Audition in November !!!!!! 
Survived the big part of the move .. Can't wait to see my flute students tonight . They are all so incredible and I love them !!! 
Audition at EMU School of Music and Dance one week from tomorrow .... Where did the time go ? 
wants to see pics from Megh and Karianne's Halloween party !! 
Audition this friday ... is it to early to be nervous ? 
Audition Day tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BTW- Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > C for the great recommendations your wrote for me !!!!!!! 
is relieved the audition is over and glad to be home ... looking forward to a really good nights sleep tonight . Will know the results Monday or Tuesday .... 
just wore Barli out with a good game of \Fetch\ " and a walk through the trails . She likes to track all the deer that < PROPFEMALE > out and bed down back there . What a great dog- I love her so much ! " 
It's OFFICIAL !!! I have been accepted into the EMU School of Music !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a blast with Megh and Karianne yesterday ! Our first official visitors to the new house ! Loved cooking brunch and drinking Mimosas !!!!! I love you both ! Thanks again for making the time to come out and visit !!!!!!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!!!! 
Finished painting the office and time to get ready for appt at EMU with the music school academic advisor ! Classes start in a month-Time is flyin ' by .... 
Was great to hear from < PROPFIRST > B today !!! Appt Thursday at the Bridal Dress Salon with Mom and Megh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My flute students ROCK !! I love you all so much !!!! I am blessed beyond measure . 
Found a fabulously gorgeous wedding dress today with mom and Megh ! Then it was off for a bite to eat ! Here's to the ladies who lunch ! 
Happy New Year Everyone !!! 
University life begins tomorrow ! 
is Lovin ' school !!!!!!!!! Symphony Band in 2 hrs and 10 mins !! Just woofed down an orange and heading to a practice room ... 
is exhausted ...... 
Congratultions to all my flute students for your brilliant ratings at Solo and Ensemble 2010 !! You have all worked diligently on your solo and/or ensemble piece and I am extremely proud of each and every one of you !!! 
My wedding gown is in !!!!! 2 months earlier than expected ! 
Holy Crap !!! It's almost midnight and I just finished a paper !! I gotta get me arse to bed !!! 
Wow ! The snow drifts out here in the country are something else ! I barely made it up my driveway this afternoon when I got home from school . Getting out of here and to EMU tomorrow morning should be a real treat . 
First concert this Sunday with the EMU Symphonic Band- I can't wait ! Completely Jazzed ! 
Fun day ! Concert was great ! I was humbled and honored to share the stage with such talented musicians . 
needs lot's of prayers .... 
OM Gosh !! Flute Studio was soooooo amazing today ! We all had to perform in front the entire studio ! What a blast ! What a GIFT ! 
Wow ! Thank you all so very much for the loving birthday wishes !! I had an incredible day ! I love you all so much !! Thank you for you love and the gift that each of you is in my life !!!! Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Bummer .... flat tire on my car .... Lucky for me I bought my sweetie an air compressor for Christmas !! That tire isn't flat anymore !!! 
has a snow drift on the roof of my car that looks like a huge ski jump . Seriously ! Might just have to get the cross country skis out and blaze some trails after practice and studying is complete . 
drove all the way home from Livonia on ice covered roads last night .. took me two hours ! So glad I don't have classes or students on Friday and Winter Break is next week !! 
UGH !!! Barli chased a skunk last night and got blasted with stink !!! Great formula - two tblspoons of dish soap , 1 quart Hydrogen Peroxide and 1/2 cup baking soda ( this works great for cat pee stains and smell extraction too ! ) and Barli ain't stinkin ' anymore ! < PROPMALE > is soooo awesome- poor guy just got home from a long day of work and a 3 hr rehearsal and he scrubbed her in the shower !! 
has a brain splitting headache ..... 
EMU Flute Studio Concert tomorrow night in < PROPFIRST > Recital Hall 6-7 - can't wait !!!! 
Eastern Michigan University Alumni Band , Wind Symphony and Symphonic Band final concert this Sunday at 4PM in Pease Auditorium . Concert is FREE parking is FREE - the music is amazing !! Come one ! Come ALL !!!!!! 
Am so thrilled that my mom and dad are coming to the final concert of the season at EMU tomorrow ! And I actually found a pair of black dress pants today at < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > that are long enough !! I can never seem to find slacks and pants in long length when I need them ! Double Bonus day ! 
Passed my scales test in my final lesson of the semester today ! Good think I didn't know I was being tested or chances are I would have froze and failed ! Yay !!! On to Jury next Tuesday and final presentation in class next Thursday and I've officially made it through my first semester at EMU . Thank you Lord !! 
Thank God Jury is DONE !! Got two B+'s , an A and an A- and some great feedback and comments from the woodwind professors . I was so glad when it was over I just didn't know what to do first - cry with relief or throw up , so I did neither . One final left on Thursday - a group presentation which is pretty much done except for putting the powerpoint on a flash drive . 
Is giddy with \the semester is finally over\ " excitement !! Giddy I tell you !!! " 
pulled a gazillion weeds and it scarcely looks like I made a dent ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Day Shred or Kickboxing today ..... hmmmmm . I better decide quick before I end up doing neither and go straight outside to plant flowers . 
One more flower bed cleaned out ! What would have taken me hours to accomplish < PROPMALE > cut down to about an hour and a half .... He is a gardening maniac and just wow's me every time ! Thank you Babe !!!! 
and < PROPMALE > Seadin are making this farm more and more beautiful everyday ! 
What a great gathering with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! The gals from SAC have NOTHING on us !!! I love you all !!! < PROPFEMALE > -- we all have to get together again before you leave !! 
Wow ... Scariest of scary storms last night . Hard driving rain stopped , calm ensued and then the power went out and then the warning sirens went off ... Finally we all made it down to the basement- Thank you Lord for safety , and for the delicious breeze after the storms .. and for our power coming back on so quickly . 
Hanging with my dad while my mom is at dr. appt . Just found out there were four deaths as a result of the tornado that hit Dundee , MI .. Praying for those families and all those who have been affected by this devastating storm . 
Took a drive through Dundee today on my way home .... The tornado damage is unreal ... The pics and video we see on the news is nothing compared to seeing the damage in person . 
Good night everyone !!! 
Cannot believe we had our first camping trip with our Barli girl and I forgot my camera !!!!!!!! 
I think the chickens are going to kill O'Mally . They are slowly pecking the little guy to death . We have to separate them . so sad ... 
Great day at < PROPMALE > in the Park ( AKA Plymouth < PROPMALE > Fair ) Check out booth 623 < PROPFEMALE > KARM JEWELRY on Penniman just a few booths down from the Coffee Bean- AMAZINGly gorgeous hand made jewelry ! Sneak preview : www.dianekarm.com 
Beautiful visit and conversation with beautiful neighbors last night ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
3 mos to find out my thyroid test is within * normal * range , though I have every single symptom of Hypothyroidism .... Dr is starting me with supplements . I don't know what the worst part is- the weight gain & inability to lose the weight or the lack of * memory/focus/concentration (* not good for a 45 yr old college student ! LOL ! ) Still smiling , even when I don't want to ! Smiles and laughter- best medicine ever ! 
Best part of yesterday at the Dr's ? Walking out into the lobby to leave and seeing < PROPMALE > sitting there waiting for me ! He looked like an angel ! And then he took me to lunch ! Thank you Babe ! I LOVE YOU !! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartlett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate ... 27 . *** These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost & support the Military *** 
Okay .... The Audition Excerpts need to be posted already ... 
Alright EMU .. Enough already ... Post the darn Audition Excerpt ! Geez .. 
Okay- just shoot me now . Please- somebody ... anybody . To EMU : I bequeath you my < PROPFEMALE > Baxtresser Orchestral Excerpts book .. 
Time for some fun , laughs , conversation and food with great company ! and lest I forget ........ COCKTAILS !!! 
Great time with < PROPFIRST > Smith and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! Thank you Ladies !!!! <3 
Got to watch the 2nd Monarch Butterfly hatch at 8:15 this morning . Watching him < PROPFEMALE > from the Pupa shell and pump liquid into his wings to inflate them . And some people say there is no God . Puh-leeease ! OH ! Butterflies not only remember , they imprint on you if you raise them ! How cool is that ? 
Great lessons with amazing students today ! I am blest beyond measure . And the butterfly ? Free !! Third one should hatch on Sunday ! Can't wait !! 
Incredibly thankful that a dear and close friend got good news today regarding her health !!!! God is so good !! 
Third and final butterfly hatched this morning ! What an awe inspiring process ! 
The taste of victory ! Michigan kicking UConn's butt 30 to 10 . 
“Confront the dark parts of yourself , and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness . Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing . Use the pain as fuel , as a reminder of your strength . ” 
Another Victory ! MI vs ND- Final score 28-24 ! GO BLUE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Was rearended by a huge Ford Econoline < PROPFIRST > yesterday- his brakes failed ! For all intents and purposes the back end of my car should be buckled into the trunk-he hit me hard ! and guess what ? Not even a scratch ! Nothing , nada ... God is so good !! The other driver and I were stunned beyond belief ! 
Incredible learning experience and overall a blast having < PROPFIRST > Mackey in rehearsal today as we played his composition \Sasparilla\ " ! Coolest of cool guys ! Thanks Dr. Schneider and Dr. Knopps !! " 
is absolutely exhausted . One more day ! 1 class in the AM , students after , and then doing a performance and sectional at a school and the week from \H\ " will be officially over . " 
is wondering ... if 60 is the new 40 and size 2 is the new size 6 , then are 5th graders the new 10th graders ?? When I was in 5th grade , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on I Love < PROPFEMALE > each slept in their own twin size bed on television > sleeping in the same bed was not allowed on television in the 70's , even for \tv married couples \".." 
Great time with the TMS band today ! Short solo performance for the band and then a sectional for the flutes ! Twas a blast indeed !! 
It is so amazing ... The peace that comes with knowing I've made the right decision and receiving confirmation that I AM NOT imagining things . Thank you God , that you ARE my Peace . 
There's a little more to an Augmented and diminished interval than I thought , and finally had my \AH-HA\ " moment today in music theory . Let's hope the light stays on . " 
Great Autumn walk out back ! Barli flushed two pheasant and a DEER and proceeded to < PROPMALE > the deer ( a doe ) through the cornfield ! Deer was too fast for me to get a pic , but below are other pics of some Fall beauty ! 
The EMU FS website needs some updated pics that include \the rest of us \"." 
Treacherous drive into EMU today - solid ice the entire way and no better coming home . Be careful everyone , the roads will not be getting any better today , at least not the freeways . <3 
Was happy to find out that a performance screw up was NOT my fault ! Though someone else was happy to let me take the blame for it and never even considered it was their mistake right from the beginning .. \ 
Fortunately , recordings don't lie !! 
Baking pumpkin pies to drop off at mom and dad's today and then 4 one hour make-up lessons to do and I am done ! Don't even feel like I've been on break yet ... ah well , maybe next week the pace will slow up a bit .. 
Me-a-love-a Miyazawa Flutes !! Tried a few out today , and a beautiful Gold Powell .... Clearly my current flute is no longer a good \fit\ " . The Muramatsu is going up for sale ! It's like < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw with Manolo Blanik shoes \ " Hello Lover \"!!!" 
Congrats to all my high school flute students on your perfect scores at District Solo & Ensemble yesterday !! You all applied my coaching in your practice and the results of practice speak volumes ! On to States !! Way to go !!! I am immensely proud of each and every one of you ! <3 
Cannot believe I might be getting a really cool looking pair of boots from the mom of one of my students ! They are brand new but they hurt her feet in a \don't fit right\ " kind of way . And she can't return them cuz she's walked around outside in them !! Yea me !!! " 
Great visit with mom and dad yesterday and today ! Going back tomorrow to celebrate mom's b'day with her a few days early cuz I've got a jam packed weekend ! Can't wait to give her the gift < PROPMALE > and I got her !!! Yeaaaa ! I love Birthdays !! 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > T for your 1 in Solo & Ensemble Middle School Division today and to < PROPFEMALE > S for you 1 in S & E HS division today !! Another student going to States ! < PROPFEMALE > isn't old enough yet ! Congrats ladies , I am incredibly proud of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love , Miss < PROPFEMALE > 
Okay ... Lenawee County is too close to Ohio .. We get all the bad weather hours before Detroit and the suburbs do . What the heck ??? 
Here it comes ! Wind has been blowing all morning , and now it's really starting to pick up ! And this wind is nothing compared to what's to come . Drifts have been forming at the bottom of our driveway for a few hours now and quickly getting deeper . 
EMU Closed from 5PM tonight and all day tomorrow ! Can't believe they are going ahead with tonights Bball game at 7PM though- that's the time the storm is due to start . Hmmmmmm . 
Snow started about 10 minutes ago here in Britton . And yes , as predicted , it is horizontal and coming down harder by the minute ! Can barely see down the road !! Been a long time since I've been in a blizzard ! This is great !!!!!!!!! 
6PM and it's still light outside ! LOVE how the day's keep get longer and longer after December 21st . 
Honored and excited to have been invited as a Guest Clinician for TMS Band & Orchestra Lock-In ! Looking forward to working with the flutes again !! Just got packet in the mail - gonna be a long but fun day ! 
Whiteout conditions in Britton , MI . Thanks alot weather - I had a rehearsal planned EMU with my bass flute partner ! She says it's clear as day in Ypsilanti . 
Love you Megh , Baylee and Marissa !!!! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your :*\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Despised < PROPFEMALE > Aguilera's HACK JOB of our beautiful National Anthem . Our anthem has become nothing more than a contest among vocalists > who can embellish this gorgeous anthem the most . For once I would like to hear someone sing our NA as it was written and with respect . What a joke it's all become . How sad , how pathetic , how embarrassing . My tangent is done . I feel better now . 
\Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch . < PROPFEMALE > is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote . \ " -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Had a blast with the flutes at TMS as Flute Clinician for their Band and Orchestra Lock-In ! Met and watched some very talented band directors from as far away as Livonia ! Great day ! I am exhausted , but in a good way . 
Will never eat eggs again ..... 
I enjoying the smell of my < PROPFIRST > roses and re-reading my “made by hand” valentines day card from < PROPMALE > . Best card I’ve ever received in my life- and I am not exaggerating ! love you babe ! Thank you so much ! 
Busy , busy day on the road . Leave for Clawson at 9:30 , drop bass flute off at 11 , then to Bloomfield Hills , then back to Clawson , then to mom and dads , then teach until 8PM tonight , home by 9:15 . Thankful to be able bodied and for a car and for FAMILY and students ! Carpe Deum Everyone ! Life is a precious Gift !! 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > D for giving me no choice but to transpose music over the last twenty-something years on the fly and in my head and while playing my flute ! It is one category of Music Theory class I am confident in !! Love you my dear friend !!! 
Goodbye Uncle < PROPFIRST > - AKA Saint < PROPFIRST > . The most loving , funniest , talented uncle ever . Thanks for all the joy and laughs and love for many years . Peaceful Rest until we meet again . Love you . 
Thank you to four * extraordinary * women and fellow flutists for all the fun and laughs after the concert last night ! And to Zach and < PROPMALE > for keeping each other company and engaged in conversation while us girls did our thing !! H , A , J and N - Love you , and thanks for making me laugh so hard ! 
Wonders if EMU will close tomorrow morning .. Test in Music Theory in the morning , but not willing to spend hours driving on ice covered roads to get there . 
Okay , I am officially freaking out . We have 2 12’ pinetrees at the end of our driveway , one on each side that about 6’ high now . Not kidding . And we’re not even an hour into the ice portion of the this storm yet . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes !!! Love you all ! Had a great cozy day with < PROPMALE > and Barli and < PROPMALE > made me a delicious steak dinner ! Thanks babe !! You are the BEST !!! I love you soooo much !!!! 
Can we turn Winter Break from school into Winter Break from Winter ? Come on temps !! RISE and melt all the ice everything is encased in !!! 
Is so glad to be home . Long day in Canada for a funeral/memorial luncheon , and after being gone for 11 hours my warm , cushy slippers feel great ! 
great to see my cousins today - wish it was under better circumstances , but sure was great spending time and many laughs with < PROPFEMALE > Green and < PROPFEMALE > Mcnally , and all my other fab cousins who are not here on FB ! Love you ladies ! Even you Little Engine !! 
Hip-hip-hooray !! The ice is melting off all the trees and lines ! Sounds like a jynormus bowl of rice krispies out there ! 
Hel-loooo Winter Break !! 
Knows that it’s because of my beautiful family that I smile everyday ! 
Enjoying the day with my fabulous niece , Megh ! Had a delicious veggie wrap sandwich for lunch , handmade and wonderful !!! 
Okay- Megh just gave me four just baked gluten free chocolate chip cookies “to go” and I get gluten free pasta with asparagus for dinner !! YUMMY !!! Thanks Megh and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Tuesday and Wednesday , my two most favorite days of the week . 
I love ZUMBA !!! What a blast !! Shout Out to < PROPFEMALE > ( my workout partner ) who “came out of the corner” tonight ! Proud of you girl !!! 
May God Bless all my family and friends who need miracles . Strengthen all who are weak . Lighten those who < PROPFEMALE > heavy burdens . The power of prayer , pass it on ! 
Lord , please give me the grace to be content where I am now , the < PROPFEMALE > to wait on Your timing , and the faith to know your hand is always on my heart . 
Some say the cup is half full , Some say it's half empty . So long as its got Coffee in it , I don't care . 
Man o Man- My sister < PROPFIRST > has a true gift and talent for cleanliness and house cleaning- mom and dads house looks Beautiful !! Shout out to you < PROPFIRST > y ! I know mom and dad appreciate the help they get from all their children . You really have a great gift < PROPFIRST > y - unfortunately , that < PROPFIRST > skipped me ! LOL !!! 
Is glad to be home . The fog is thick and the drive home was long and nerve wracking . Had to keep my eye on the center line in order to follow the road cuz visibility was maybe a foot at best . But being enveloped in the arms of my fabulous Fiancee drained all the tension away . Thanks < PROPMALE > - you are the love of my life . 
Music Theory homework DONE ! Next stop : Flute practice ! 
Choose your words * and actions * carefully .. The last thing you say ( or do ) to someone could be the last thing they ever hear ( or experience ) from you ... there is no promise for tomorrow . 
Love this quote and how true it is :\ 
You will only begin to heal when you let go of past hurts , forgive those who have wronged you and learn to forgive yourself for your mistakes ! 
\I've always believed that a lot of the troubles in the world would disappear if we were talking to each other instead of about each other . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Arrgggghhh ! Transmission in car is dying .. Poor tired baby . Been cartin’ my butt around for years , I guess she deserves a rest . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Here's hoping the wind at your back doesn't come from the corn beef and cabbage you had for lunch ! 
Just had brunch with 5 amazing women- 4 of which are young teens . I was blown away by their wisdom , intelligence and how firmly grounded they are in their faith and their level of maturity . Marlie , < PROPFEMALE > , Claira and < PROPFEMALE > - you inspire me to no end , and thank you for helping me in my journey and for inviting me to take part in your “ladies only” brunch . I love you !!! 
Desperately needs a new car and quick , oh , and $$ to buy one would be nice . Mine could not have died at a worse time .... 
Has two very tired girls sprawled out here . One gorgeous , sweet yellow lab ( we are blessed to be dog sitting for some great friends this week ) and Barli . Took them on a long walk in the “woods” out back and , finally , they are tuckered out and sleeping . 
Halleluia !!! My car : It’s not the transmission !!! It’s the Catalytic Converter !!! $150 vs $1500 ( or more for a new car) !!! Sweet !!!! 
Can’t believe I got an A on a 4 chapter Music Theory Exam !!! SWEEEEEEEEEET !!! 
No pain , no gain . No cross , no crown 
Just got a new flute student ..... He’s 80 years old ! Plays piano ( since age 16 ) and always wanted to try the flute , so his wife bought him a flute for his 80th b’day ! How cool is that ?? 
5 pieces transposed to Bb Clarinet parts- DONE . Now working on transcribing a Cello part to treble clef for Violin . Will I have this done for Monday night musicians rehearsal in addition to studying for my last finals on Monday ? Betcho butt I will !!! Again- all thanks to < PROPFIRST > - 22+ years of making me transpose on the fly and read off Trumpet , trombone , sax and other transposable instrument parts . 
Jury last Wednesday : After I played my Etude , Dr. < PROPMALE > asks me “What would you like to do next ? ” Me : “throw up !? ” 
Happy Easter Everyone !!! 
Straight A's for the winter semester ! 
Welcome Home ( and you know what I mean by this ) to my dear friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , who in their own words and I quote “realized the lie of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Sola Scriptura they were raised with and in . ” How sad that so many “long time good friends” totally abandoned and dis-owned them due to their decision to leave < PROPMALE > ism . 
Day Three of < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Day Shred . Thank goodness for Ibuprofen ! 
One of my flute students says to me last night : “Miss < PROPFEMALE > , you make me feel and believe that I can play * anything* ! ” Well , isn’t that what teaching ( students of any age and stage ) is all about ? Motivate , Encourage and Inspire ? All three aid in nurturing strong wings ! 
Day Five ... Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred . Let the exertion commence . 
5 Baby pheasants out back ! Barli found them- but no harm done , thank goodness ! Hope they go back to the bush they were under so momma can find them . Poor babies must be scared silly . 
Day Six of < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Day Shred . DONE ! 
is sick with some kind of upper respiratory throat thing ... sleep , sleep and more sleep ... Thank you to The Love of My Life , < PROPMALE > , for taking such good care of me . I love you so much babe . 
Day Seven JM 30 Day Shred .. Level TWO !! DONE !!!!!!!!!!! 
DAY 8 < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Day Shred .. Day Two on LEVEL TWO * DONE* !!! Level 2 is a killer and will def put my determination to the test ! Tons of arms , shoulders and upper body- seems like constant stuff in Plank Position . I Will Not Falter . I Will NOT quit ! 
DAY 9 < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Day Shred : DONE ! I am still dripping sweat and finished 10 mins ago !!! Level Two is BRU-TAL !!! 
Leave it to our secular media to ask the question : “Will pictures of Bin Laden’s corpse be released to the public ? ” Seriously ? Who the heck wants to see that ? Probably the same people who wanted to see the beheading videos ... Osama Bin Laden is DEAD- We don’t need pictures !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
DAY 10 < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Shred : DONE BABY !!!!!!!!!! I feel great , I have energy and more stamina and I am starting to see subtle changes in my body ! My eyes are bright and my mind is clear ! < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
DAY 11 jm 30 day shred : DONE !!!! I notice I sweat more as the days go on- excellent sign !! I think it was a song by Chicago- “Feelin’ Stronger Every day !! ” Yes I Am !!!! 
Man I love my summer flute coach ! She makes me feel like I can FLY !!! Encouragement , motivation , compliments , explanations , reasons behind doing certain things- and a change in the position of my left wrist which has been incorrect for quite some time !!! Thanks J !!!!! 
Just pulled a Deer Tick off Barli - < PROPMALE > felt it while rubbing her neck .. Man- they are even smaller than in the pics I’ve seen of them on line , lined up next to all these other ticks . Will be keeping a close eye on her over the next week for any signs of illness . 
DAY 12 jm 30 day shred : !!!!! DONE !!!!!! Tomorrow I rest up for day 13 on Monday !!! Over and Out ! “Feelin’ Stronger Everyday ! ” That’s my new motto and Theme Song . 
Thinks I’ll be doing Level 3 on JM’s 30 Day Shred sooner than anticipated ... I ordered and received in the mail yesterday JM’s “Ripped in 30” to start on June 1st as I’ll be complete on the “30 Day Shred” and am intent on pushing myself to the next level DVD ! From what I hear & have read , “Ripped” makes “Shred” seem easy . 
Happy Mother’s Day to all mom’s of every kind ! Mom , spiritual moms , moms of animals , < PROPMALE > moms , you name it ! Happy Mother’s Day to you all ! <3 
Day 13 !!!!!!! DONE !!!!!!!!! 
Is changin’ it up .. JM’s 30 Day Shred M-W & F and her BFBM Cardio workout on T-T H & Sat ., in addition to Zumba . LOVE Zumba !! 
DAY 14 BABY !!!! FINITO !!!!!!! Today I did 3 circuits of JM’s Burn Fat Boost Metabolism Cardio Workout ( OM GOSH !!! SOOOO HARD !!!!!! thought I’d make it through the entire 40 mins ( 7 Circuits)- NOT ! So I finished my Cardio with 30 mins of Zumba !! Honestly , I feel like my abs , butt , hips and legs get a better workout with Zumba than anything else . But I’ll still split the JM BFBM and Zumba on Cardio days . 
DAY 15 < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 Shred --- DONE !!!! 
Heinous Ticks !!! vet says this is the worst tick season they’ve seen in a long time ! Even pet owners are reporting finding ticks crawling on them ( as well as their dogs ) . I Removed 4 from Barli Girl today- 3 attached , ( 1 partially engourged ) , and one crawling around on her chest . The Advantix has been purchased and applied ! Last season we removed maybe 5 total off of her from April to September ! 
Day 16 Done ! I finally found a Cardio workout that uses weights , lunges and some walk out pushups that doesn’t kill me and I can do the 30 Day Shred right after !! It’s The Biggest Loser Workout “Cardio Max” with < PROPMALE > Harper ! LOVE IT and I did JM’s 30 Day Shred right after !!! SWEET !! 
Had appointments this morning- so Day 17 and 18 will be tomorrow and Sunday on the JM 30 Day Shred ... 
< PROPFEMALE > BREASTED GROSBEAK ON THE FEEDER !!!!!! SWEET !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is glad afternoon appointment was changed to late morning and that I can get maybe a few acres cut and then practice - or vice versa . 
OH MY GOSH !!! Just saw a male Eastern Blue Bird in the yard !!!!! Heard his little gargle garble ! Sure hope the Blue Bird nests here ! There’s a little house on a pole by the garage and he went and landed on it , so maybe .... just maybe ..!!!!! YEAAAAAAAA I love Blue Birds !! Saw a yellow swallowtail butterfly too ! First butterfly I’ve seen this spring ! SWEEEET !!! So glad I have FB to post all my excitement on ! 
Day 17 : JM’s 30 Day Shred ( and Cardio < PROPMALE > ) DONE !! 
COOL ! A humming bird at the feeder followed by a Baltimore Oriole a few minutes later !!! I love birds !!!! 
DAY 18 and LEVEL 3 !!!!!!! OM gosh- so hard , but I DID IT and got all choked up and teary eyed afterward ! Can’t believe I’ve come this far ! I can now see the beginnings of some definition in my arms and at the side of my abs in front of my obliques !!! I am so thankful I am able bodied enough to do this- what a tremendous gift ! 
Day 19 JM’s 30 Day Shred DONE !!!!!!!!! 
** DAY 20 ** JM’s 30 Day Shred ** DONE !!!!!!! Jumping Jacks while holding 3lb hand weights , exerting , but doable ... 5lb hand wts ., completely different story , but at least I tried . And I can do Traveling Push-Ups !! Could not have done those 20 days ago !! I could barely do a Push-Up on my * knees * 20 days ago ! Now I am in full P/Up Position when I do them !!! 
DAY 21 !!! Com-plete !!!! 
DAY 22 DONE ! Kicked my butt today ! I didn’t modify any of the Plyometric moves and started to over heat a bit .. just went into modified plyo to slow my heart rate a bit . Can’t believe I only have 8 more days of “shred” and then I’ll be doing JM’s RIPPED IN 30 starting on Memorial Day . Bring it on !! 
DAY 23 Y’ALL !!!! WOOOO WHOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! An hour of Cardio with handweights , lunges and other toning and sculpting moves , DONE !!!!!!!!!!! 
DAY 24 !! JM 30 day Shred * Was able to do the Rows with Leg Raises in full plank position and NOT modified (* on my knees) !!!! Able to do more Plyo today , but wore my knee braces and that helped tremendously !! Next workout : Monday !! C’Ya !!! 
DAY 25 !!!!!! JM 30 SHRED ** DONE !!!! 
DAY 26 DONE !!!!!!!! Level 3 is kickin’ by butt !!!!! And I lOVE IT !!!!!! 
Slightly stressful day .... However , I think I saved the dignity and self-esteem of one of my young students .. Was great see a new light in her eyes and see the weight lift off her shoulders .. new hope , new possibilities . Nothing worse than a young child thinking they are a “failure” .. 
Day 27 Workout *** Complete !!! 
Day 28 DOOOOOOOONE !! A high cardio Zumba Workout followed by JM’s 30 Day Shred . Though I think another week ( possibly two weeks ) is in order for Level 3 on JM’s 30 Day Shred - Level 3 is not getting easier yet , hence , a sure sign that my body is not ready for the \next level” - AKA JM’s “Ripped In 30” DVD- yet . " 
D A Y 29 D-O-N-E !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOO WHOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 
OMGosh !!!!! D A Y THIRTY !!!!!!!!!!! DONE !!!! I will continue workouts 6 days a week , however , I will only do countdowns here on FB on Mondays and Saturdays , so don’t be thinkin’ I quit or am slacking !!!! Thank you all for your support and helping me remain focused and motivated ! Don’t stop ! I still need all the support !!! <3 
A flooded basement ( ours ) is not exactly where I’d want to spend time during a Tornado Warning .. Thankfully , The storm was ( just barely ) South of us and we dodged that bullet - though the sirens went off . Lenawee County got the ALL CLEAR and I breathed a sigh of relief . 
Day 31 Complete .... next count down on Saturday . 
Thank to all our brave men and women in the military , especially those who gave their life for my freedom and the freedom of every one of us ; Who stand guard , who stop at nothing to defend this great country . And Thank you to the parents who selflessly let them answer this call . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
Okay ... I’ved decided I still need to do my workout countdown here - I almost didn’t workout today - missed yesterday , but for very good reason- but this morning I started talking myself out of working out - thank God I didn’t ! So , *** DAY 32 DONE *** . So cool I have this little public site to help keep myself accountable . 
DAY 2 Level 1 JM’S * RIPPED IN 30 * COMPLETE ! ( Total : Day 34 ) “Most people don’t show up in their own lives .. They go through life every single day without being focused and bringing their “A” Game . Transformation is not a future event , it is a present activity . That is why you have to bring * everything * you have to give in every moment .. ” < PROPFEMALE > Michaels , Ripped in 30 DVD 
Is so thankful for where I live . < PROPMALE > and I are blessed with the most loving , generous , and thoughtful neighbors and friends . Such a huge blessing to be surrounded by such love and tremendous friendships . 
THANK YOU LORD !!!!! Found an Organist !!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
DAY 3 JM’s “Ripped in 30” DONE BABY !!!! Total Days : 35 . See you on Monday !!! 
First swim in the new ( well , new to us ) pool !!! Sooooo incredibly refreshing ! 
DAY 4 of < PROPFEMALE > Michaels “Ripped in 30” DONE ! Total consecutive days Completed : 36 ! 6 days a week , and I am not phoning it in ! Glad I started with her “30 Day Shred” though , it certainly prepared me for her “Ripped in 30” workout . 
DAY 37 DONE !!!!!! Day 5 of JM’s “Ripped in 30” Level 1 . Dress Fitting coming up later this month ! 
DAY 38 COM-PLETE !! Day Six of < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ' RIPPED IN 30’ level 1 !! Even with a head band on , sweat is pouring off my face half way through the workout . Extremely challenging workout . Very slow , focused and stabilizing moves - way harder and more rigorous than faster reps . 
!!! DAY 39 ( And counting !!! ) D-O-N-E ! Today was Day 7 of JM’s “Ripped in 30” ! and the final day on Level One .. Tomorrow I start Level 2 ! Geez , I never thought in a million years I’d would ever workout 6 days a week , yet , here I am , gettin’ er done !!! 
Day F O R T Y DONE !!!!!!!!!!! I can hardly believe it myself ! Today was the first workout on JM’s Ripped in 30 * Week 2 * workout . ‘Ripped ' has 4 one week workouts as opposed to “levels” , but each week gets progressively more difficult and no move is ever repeated in the following weeks . Pushup Crawl , never heard of it until now . 
Hey Michigan Friends : Do you know of anyone who makes wedding cakes , preferably , not at $3 or $4 per serving ? Maybe just someone who loves to make and decorate cakes and does it for some side money ? Please let me know ASAP ! Thanks ! PS- if they don’t deliver , then it would have to be a person who lives relatively close to me . 
DAY 41 FINITO !!!! day 2 on week( = level ) 2 of JM’s “Ripped in 30” . Late start today , but I got ‘er done ! Back on Monday (“Always give your body one day of rest”) 
Special thanks to < PROPFIRST > , who cuts the Alfalfa Hay across the road from our house , for finding the Mallard Duck nest with 11 eggs in it . < PROPMALE > and I told him about it . He saw the momma duck fly out & went around that spot ! For over a month I’ve been watching this pair of ducks fly around the field . They even < PROPFEMALE > out with our duck at the creek . I am truly relieved , grateful and thankful ! 
DAY 42 DONE ! day 3 JM’s “Ripped in 30 level 2” . 
Sweeeet !!! Mama Mallard Duck is sitting on her eggs in the Alfalfa field that was cut down ! < PROPMALE > walked over to check this morning and there she sat , looking up at him ! I can’t believe she didn’t fly off when < PROPMALE > was approaching - maybe they are getting close to hatching !!! 
DAY 43 DONE ! ( day 4 on JM’s Ripped in 30 Level 2) !! See y’all tomorrow ! 
Happiness is : Getting Wedding RSVP Cards in the mail !!!! 
DAY FORTY FOUR ! D-O-N-E !!! ( Day 5 level 2 JM’s Ripped in 30 ) . Two more days and until Level 3 and 8 more days until my dress fitting !! 
DAY 45 of working out M-Saturday DONE !! I can’t believe I’ve been working out six consecutive days a week for this long , though it doesn’t seem like it’s been 45 days . Today was also day 6 of JM’s Ripped in 30 level 2 ) Saturday I start level 3 !!! Bring it !! 
Day 46 DONE !! ( day 7 of JM’s Ripped in 30 level 2) !! Comin’ up on the Big FIVE OH !! LOL !!! Now that will a 5-0 I will not mind celebrating !!! 
My Bridal Shower today !! So excited !!!! Just a small gathering consisting of my bridal party (= Megh Hollowell , Karianne Spens-Hanna and < PROPFEMALE > Chickie Seadin ) my sisters , my future sis-in-laws , and my mom . 
Thank Mom , Lynny , Kath , Megh and KAAA for a truly beautiful bridal shower ! Thank you for all your hard work cleaning , cooking , decorating , setting up , sending out invites , taking RSVP’s , and so much more ! I am blessed beyond measure ! Thank you , thank you , thank you ! 
Twisted my ankle in , of all places , the pool last night , and if I step wrong , I get a sharp , shooting pain in the right side of my right ankle . Should make working out this morning very interesting . Time to wrap the ankle and give day 47 workout a go . 
DAY 47 DONE ! day 1 on level 3 of JM’s “Ripped in 30” . Of course- lot’s of Plyometrics- small jumps on one foot . I modified & jumped on both feet ! I’m disappointed though . I look in the mirror and can see drastic changes in my body , as can everyone else , but I look at pics from the bridal shower yesterday & see that my face is thinner , the rest looks the same .. Mentally , I am having a very difficult time with that .. 
Enjoyed a lovely day with my Husband-to-be , Barli ( our sweet puppy girl ) , my Dad and Mom and my two precious sisters , Lynny and < PROPFEMALE > . Love you all so much ! Beautiful day , excellent company , and lot’s of laughs and great conversation ! < PROPMALE > grilled up some delicious steak filets- perfect , as always ! 
DAY 48 Complete ! Day 2 on Level 3 of JM’s “Ripped in 30” . 
Happy First Day of Summer ! 
DAY 49 ! FINISHED ! Day 3 on Level 3-JM’s “Ripped in 30” . Tomorrow I celebrate the “Big 5-0” ! Wow , 50 days of working out 6 days a week .. who knew .. 
****** DAY F I F T Y******* !!!!! today I celebrate the Big 5-0 of doing JM’s Workouts ! 50 Days of working out 6 days a week ( M-Sat ) . It all started with 30 Day Shred , and today I am on Day 4 Level 3 < PROPFEMALE > Michaels “Ripped in 30” . I think I’ll celebrate big and treat myself to a carrot stick !! LOL !!!!!!!!! 
Wedding Gown fitting tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my word , I can’t believe there’s only 38 more days until Wedding Day !!! 
DAY 51 Workout was done about 7 hours ago ! Forgot to post in my rush to shower and get to Novi for the dress fitting ! 
Day 52 workout Done . 
Day 53 Done ! Yesterday I switched over to < PROPFEMALE > Michaels Banish Fat & Boost Metabolism ( BFBM ) Cardio workout . It is time to crack down with some intense daily cardio in order to unveil the results of doing her “30 Day Shred” and “Ripped in 30” for 51 days . I did not realize how much muscle I built up in my chest , upper back , shoulders and arms until I went in for my wedding dress fitting -- oops ! 
Day 54 FINITO !!! Day 3 on JM’s Banish Fat Boost Metabolism ( BFBM ) workout - actually did 4 of the 6 circuits today - each circuit is repeated before moving on to the next one , and they are intensely aerobic !!!! 
Day 54 DONE ! day 4 on JM’s BFBM Cardio workout . Thank you Lord , for the motivation , the energy and the stamina . Shower , practice and then flute students . 
Day 55 Complete . Day 4 on JM’s BFBM Cardio Workout .. Shower , practice , grocery store , and other errands . 
Is so thankful for family members that come up with stellar ideas , who share suggestions , make suggestions , or quite simply , are not afraid to ask ! Lord knows my brain is bit cooked right now , so I am thankful for those who are thinking ahead !! I am blessed beyond measure with a wonderful family and friends ! <3 
Finally ! The Mocking Bird has taken his place back on the roof of our barn going through all the bird calls ! He was up there every day last summer going from end to the other “mocking” every bird call you can imagine . Life’s simple wonders . 
28 more days !!! The time is flying by !! One blink of the eyes and * poof* !! I’ll be standing at the altar !! I prayed and asked God to send me the man of my dreams , and He sent me the man His ... Even Better !!!!! 
???????????????? If You're Proud To Be An American Wave ???????????????? This Flag In Honor Of The Fallen Men ???????????????? And Women Who Served Our Country ???????????????? For those who have served in the past ???????????????? For those who are serving now\ 
???????????????? And For Those Who Are Still Fighting\ 
???????????????? THANK YOU AMERICAN HEROES !! 
Day 56 DONE- day 5 JM’s BFBM Cardio . After slacking off and not working out for 3 days in a row , I “punished\ myself justly doing this workout today . " 
DAY 57 Done ! Needed a change from < PROPFEMALE > Michaels today .. Did the Biggest Loser Bootcamp workout . Cardio , Cardio , Cardio .. 
One step closer . All the plates for appetizers , dinner and cake , cups , napkins , and eating utensils are ORDERED ! Big relief ! Next purchase : table cover rolls for all the tables and table skirts for the Head Table , cake table and serving tables . OMGoodness ... only 27 more days . 
Day 58 DONE !! Biggest Loser Boot Camp again Levels 1 and 2 plus some extra lower ab work on my own . 
DAY 59 COMPLETE ! JM’s BFBM . Hard time getting motivated to workout today , but I did it . 
Oh my gosh .... only 24 more days until the wedding . The flood of a gazillion different emotions are beginning to flood over me - nothing negative , just normal “stuff” . This is it .. No turning back , not that I ever would , I have waited my whole life for this man <3 ....... 
DAY !!! 60 !!! I celebrated “The big SIX O” by pushing myself to the limit and did LEVEL FOUR < PROPFEMALE > Michaels Ripped in 30 Workout ! JM has never added a Level 4 to any of her workouts . It was rigorous , and extremely difficult and painful , and my heart rate was dangerously high- but I did it ! I was blinded by sweat ( quite literally ) , pouring into and burning my eyes ( even with a head band on ) . 
Excellent visit with my sisters < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and my mom today ! Thanks ladies !! I sure needed that !! I love you !!!! 
Had to renew my passport .. Looks like quite a lucrative business .. $60 to expedite processing , if you need it within two weeks ( we don’t ) you have to pay for overnight mail BOTH WAYS . That’s $100 on top of the $110 renewal fee- and if you are applying for the first time- the Passport itself costs even more . I’ll miss my old passport with all the stamps from Europe in it . 
A young Coyote just cut through our west side yard and Barli went off after it- chasing it around ! Barli finally heeded my command of “Barli Come !!! ” and gave up the < PROPMALE > as the coyote ran for cover in the brush and trees at the creek . Freaked me out ! Thank goodness it was a young coyote and tried to run from Barli rather than trying to attack her . Now to get my voice back .. 
11 more days .. This week teach , haircut in Canton , pick up dress & veil in Novi , pick up marriage license in < PROPFIRST > , to name a few .. the countdown continues . 
Yet again , my hairstylist has given me the most perfect haircut !! I love < PROPFEMALE > !! And I love Ashka Salon !! 
Just feasted on \fresh from the garden\ " sweet corn .. Thank < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > B !! Love you !! " 
One week from today I will marry the Love of My Life ! 
Come on RAIN !!!! We are right in the “yellow” area of this cell , and I hope the brief shower we just got isn’t all the rain we get . 
4 More Days !!! 
Lack of prayer says you've bought into the lie that life is manageable and you've got everything under control . 
Picked up my wedding gown tonight after one last little “fix” . It fits beautifully . Tomorrow the tents , tables and chairs are being delivered and set up . Emotions and stress levels are at about def-con 3 , but we quickly lower them ... Special thanks to my other “little bro” < PROPMALE > Thrushman Sr. , for the hug today and for your words of wisdom and calm - you rock ! <3 
The music at our wedding is going to be incredible !!!!! I’ll have to email everyone to come early just for the musical delights !!! So stoked ! 
Tents and Tables and Chairs ! OH MY !!!! 
< PROPMALE > just took me outside to see the tents fully up and in place ... I started balling like a baby ! Now the surreal-ness , if that’s even a word , seems to be diminishing and reality is setting in . 
My last day as < PROPFEMALE > “Hollowell” . 
WEDDING DAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
No , I am not hyphenating my last name . Just added Hollowell back in so people who don’t know my new last name can find me . 
First dinner date as “husband and wife” tonight with a gift card our friends gave us for a wedding gift ! Just checked out the menu online - YUM !!!!! < PROPMALE > here we come !!! 
Had breakfast again with “The Littles” , and my dear friend , their Grandma , < PROPFEMALE > B . The Littles are coming over shortly for a swim and this neighbor/friend is THRILLED to death about it ! I am so thankful for the things we have to share with others . Pool , fresh eggs from our chickens .. et.al .. 
is hoping I made the right decision for the upcoming semester ..... 
is ready to go already ! Can’t wait for dinner with the girls !!!!! 
The urge to start singing “Leaving on a Jet Plane” was too great ... so I started packing and doing laundry instead ... yes , in that order .. So of course as I’m packing , here comes < PROPFIRST > Buffet , just invading my brain like he owns the place and I find myself singing “Margaritaville” , which I changed to “M o-o -jitoville” I am sooooooo ready for this Honeymoon ! 
So honored and excited to be playing flute at < PROPFEMALE > and Roberts wedding tomorrow . Love you two so much and cannot wait to see you and be witness as you receive the Holy Sacrament of Marriage ! 
Glad I ( mostly ) packed and got all the laundry done yesterday .. today , play for wedding in Oxford-2 hours away- arrive at 1:30 to warmup and rehearse , wedding at 3 , pick up sis in F . Hills on way home .. this morning , finish packing , color hair , try to finish Thank You cards , . 4+ hours of windshield time the day before leaving for the honeymoon , stinks , however , I am stoked for this wedding , and honored to play for two dear friends . 
In AZ . Great first day ! SO HOT HERE !! Exhausted and heading to bed soon . Up early in morning . 
Having an incredible time !!! The homeowner , < PROPMALE > and Di's friend , threw a party last night in mine and < PROPMALE>'s honor . Yet again we were in tears , overwhelmed at such generosity , caring and love . Tomorrow is snorkeling at Seal Island ! Guys went out boating this A.M. and three Dolphins were swimming along side the boat !! Hoping to see Dolphins tomorrow !!!! Hope everyone back home is well ! Love you all !! 
Back from our honeymoon ! It was the most incredible , awe-inspiring , jaw dropping , fun , loving , calm , silly , chillin’ , bonding time I have ever had in my life ! Will never forget walking on the beach w/ < PROPMALE > , our 1st official dance as husband & wife at the Soggy Peso , swimming with “Sasha” , the young seal , the huge school of dolphins , snorkeling in the Sea of < PROPMALE > at Seal Island , seeing an octopus , having a blast with my hubby , my brother < PROPMALE > and Diane .. the absolute best of times .. EVER . <3 
Having a great time in Grand Bend , Ontario ! Gorgeous country here ! 
Has a new favorite show .... Undercover Boss . 
Is watching two humming birds compete for nectar on the Butterfly bush ! Flying around the front yard battling for a bush that has many blooms on it ! Hilarious ! They are so territorial !! 
Is wishing the vet would call already ...... I’m all geared up to go get Barli and bring her home , and haven’t heard back from him yet . Lord give me < PROPFEMALE > and strength and most of all , Your Peace and Blessed Assurance in this situation . 
Well , I turned on the vacuum and that got Barli off the couch ! She went outside , peed , then proceeded to step into her pool , drink some of the water and lay down in it ! She got out and tried to shake off , but couldn’t , so went into the bed of tall weeds next to the barn and laid down in there !! Now she is inside and laying on kitchen floor in a corner ! LOL !! Glad she finally got up and peed and stretched and walked around for a few minutes . Yes , I re-sprayed her abrasions and wound . <3 
Barli ate all FOUR HAMBURGERS I cooked and cut up for her !!! YEAAAAAAA Barli Girl !!!!! 
Read this in silence !.. Thank you Lord for everything . Forgive me of all of my sins .. Heal me from the hurts from my past .. I love You and need You !! Cover me with Your precious and Holy Blood , my family , my friends , my life projects ... Give me Your dreams Lord . Bless and protect everyone that seeks You , needs You and believes in You . If you love God and you are not ashamed of Him , put this on your wall for a day and you will see what He will do for you . ** Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Bloomer ** 
Is still praying for the complete healing of Barli’s eye and nerves and muscles in the left side of her face ... can’t wait for her vet appt . Friday . Wish it was tomorrow . 
Barli has her first follow-up appt at the vet today at 10am !! * Finally * I will find out about her left eye and left side of her face/mouth . Continue to pray for good news and no permanent damage !! Thank you !!!! 
Highlight of my weekend .. A bouquet of the most gorgeous Zenia’s from the Littles and my dear friend Diane ... Thank you so much Ladies , you made my day and added a whole lot of brightness and beauty to my day ! Love you !! 
Barli has her appointment with the eye specialist today .. about 25 more minutes until we hit the road and head to Southfield . I’ve been up since 5 , and showered , dressed and ready to go since 8:30 . Please continue to pray for good news and total healing and restoration of her eye and sight . 
' Tis a gorgeous Fall day !!!! < PROPFEMALE > and warm- * lots * of newly hatched Monarchs flying around feeding on the butterfly bush and other flowers in the front garden ! I am feeling better mentally & emotionally today & the new eye drops Barli is on seem to have made her [ eye ] much more comfortable ! She is not pawing at her eye nor is she rubbing it on whatever she can find & the eye is not tearing at all like it was prior to the steroid drops . These drops don’t burn like the other ones did either . 
Best home coming ( from work ) EVER ! Barli ran to my car , licked my face , then ran and got her ball on a rope toy and ran around with it , then we played fetch for about 10 mins in the back yard !!! I am going to call the vet in the morning and ask if we can decrease her pain pills . < PROPMALE > said that at 5pm today she got off the couch & was full of energy & excitement ! I cried , but this time , it was tears of JOY , GRATITUDE & THANKFULNESS . 
It’s official !!! Barli no longer has to take pain pills !!! Yeaaaaaa !!! 
Well , the price on this house dropped ... still praying for a ( financial ) blessing/ miracle to be able buy this place and afford the taxes on 10 acres .. 
Happiness is .... Being home with my Fur Kids , having my sister Lynny here , watching Frasier and eating Nestle Toll House Cookies !! Good Call Lynny ! LOL !!! 
