going to bed so i can get up at 6am . 

going to bed so i can get up at 6am 
grrr , gmail won't load 
on my way to listen to 95.5 W.P.L.J. best station ever !!!! 
too too much 
don't know don't care 
Got some sleep some how , now at the awesome kids house I watch : ) 
yo look on the news something interesting actually happened in < PROPMALE > County at Rockaway Mall . 
I added more pics of my neice 
My aunt is in the opening scene of the first Superman with < PROPFIRST > Reeve , cool , right ? 
My brother < PROPFIRST > won two ribbons in a beer making contest , pretty cool right ? 
Uh . . . . . oh the pups are at it again lmao 
I HATE Christmas decorations in October !!!!! 
Game over ! World Series Over !!!!! Theeeee yankees win !!!!!!! Theeeeee yankees win !!!!! enough said ? lol 
Game Over ! World Series Over ! Theeee yankess win !!! Theeeeeeeee Yankess win !!!!! enough said ? lol 
GOd Help Me and the kids I watch ! ! ! 
Going through my gmail , only 334 left . 
I hate seeing Christmas decoartions and hearing Christmas music in stores at least before the Thanksgiving Parade . 
at the Bridgewater mall in awe of the apple store which provides stools . 
check my new pics of my niece 
at the boys house living it up ! i just miss my puppies ... 
eating scrambled eggs thinking of mb of the very few of you who know whom I'm referring too ..... 
nothing 
< PROPFIRST > my dog is barking in his sleep :) 
I love watching < PROPFIRST > ! He is funny . His super spelling sentence was < PROPFIRST>'s brain is very very very very very very small . 
lets try this again , R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Lennon 29 years ago today 
New York Yankee Pinstripe 
Can't find my keys even after cleaning my car thoroughly :( Wish me luck in finding them soon !! 
I FOUND MY KEYS !!!!!!! :) 
The kids I watch didn't have any idea what Twinkies were until this afternoon They are 8 and 11 . What has our world come to ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Thank you ALL for the Birthday wishes :) 
I have great friends :) !! 
< PROPFIRST > my Dachshund is deathly afraid of Snow plows . 
Made it back to where I am taking care of Pepper my mom's friend's dog without gettting to lost :) 
choosing a new cell phone is soooo very very frustrating !!!! urgh !! 
The Fest For Beatles Fans \I want to go to The Fest For Beatles Fans this weekend because I have always wanted to experience a once in a life time opportunity like this . " 
home again and loving it ! 
My brother < PROPFIRST > is awesome !!! He helped me file my taxes . : ) Watching some clips form The IT Crowd 
okay thanks , I heard it was spam 
visiting < PROPMALE > Brenner at the Diner :) LOL 
can someone please send me 2 Blue-crowned Motmots 
FB Privacy heads up !! As of today , there is a\ 
new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization 
The kids are going to be amazed because I cleaned my car trunk out . They just can't see my room . . . lol 
Why are the bathrooms in libraries locked and have abnoxiously large pieces of wood attached to them ? lol 
Going to the Turtle Back Zoo today !!!!! ( : 
I always choose the seat at the library near the guys who talk to themselves and don't start talking to themselves untill I am already settled in to where I want to sit ???? 
This 10 year old kid who is a yankee fan band plays baseball had no idea who < PROPMALE > Larsen is . He lives in the neighborhood where I watvh two kids . LMFAO 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want -- to be accepted . Will you copy and paste this on your status ? This is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and understanding . 4 minutes ago · Comment · Like 
I had a great time with my posse tonight , yes I have a posse . :) 
I have some really great friends ! ( : 
vpuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ?? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Like this status and I'll describe u with every letter of your first name 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . \ 
- Dr. Seuss 
I had a Klondike bar for my snack and this thought passed through my mind . . . what would ya dooo for a Klondike bar ? LOL 
my phone is mia , yet once again . . . . 
Big day Tomorrow , goin to bed 
I just finished my first day back at C.S.E. :) 
facebook , addiction , now time for homework :) 
At school all day doing stuff and things , then after that I'm going to do more stuff and things . :) Peace ! 
I helped save a cute wittle mouse today : ) 
Why ? 
Time to do something people call homework . . . 
Everybody's got a water buffalo , your's is fast but mine is slow , oh where'd we get them I don't know but everybody's got a water buffalooooooo . I took my buffalo to the store got his head stuck in the door spilt some lima beans on the floor oh everybody's got a . . . . 
Attention uno posse : I have misplaced my charger for my phone so my phone is therefore dead . if there is anything you want to contact me about , please call where I babysit , I will facebook you the number . 
ATTENTION UNO POSSE : I have misplaced my charger for my phone so my phone is therefore dead . if there is anything you want to contact me about , please call where I babysit , I will facebook you the number . THANKS !!!! 
In bed with my three pupp dogs : ) . 
I had a great night with my friends at Chevy's which I thought was called Chewy's when I was younger . lol Why are there so many songs about rainbows ? 
Check out my costume under recently tagged pictures of me :) 
In bed with my Dachounds : ) 
RE : |Undo ---------- Your status has been updated :\ 
< PROPFEMALE > In 
I love my dogs ! 
I beat my high score of 150 in bowling and shot a 166 with a house ball : ) 
Happy Veterans Day ! I LOVE AND MISS YOU POPPY !!! 
I had a ball bowling with my friends tonight . 
In bed with all three of my dogs : ) 
In bed with my three little angels ( : ( dachounds ) 
AAA is my best friend ! Noreen 
Epic Fail : I just saw a gas station worker smoking . 
I love how my Dachshound < PROPFIRST > sleeps on his back with his paws and tail in the air . 
Guess who's scared of snow plows and woke me up to let me know they are going past the house . . . 
In bed with all three of my Dachshounds ( : Who could ask for anything more ? 
What has twelve paws and two feet ? 
At least LSU won the Cotton Bowl . 
< PROPFIRST > is sleeping on his back as if he were a little human . 
Ladies night tonight :) !!!! 
I'm finally in bed and as ready for school as I can be . 
On my way to New York with my mommy to see The Script at W . P . L . J's private lunch concert at the Hard Rock Cafe that I won tickets for last Monday morning . Nore 
Waiting patiently for The Script to start at the private concert I won tickets to . Noreen 
I'm not on Facebook all that much right now because I am taking classes and I get easily distracted by the awesome games on here . 
I wish I could get paid to read word for word out of a textbook . Noreen 
How many Jets does it take to get to the Super Bowl ? Discuss . . . 
Making notecards and watching Fraggle Rock on my self declared snow day since C.S.E. never closed . 
My cell phone is MIA yet again . 
I love my personality theories class . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !!! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !!!!! 
? I'm a little boy with glasses , the one they call a geek ; a little girl who never smiles cause I've got braces on my teeth . I'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last ; you don't have to be my friend , but is it too much to ask : don't laugh at me , don't call me names , don't get your pleasure from my pain ! In the eyes of God we're all the same . ? ~ REPOST for BULLY AWARENESS 
Please text me your name or call me so I 2n add you to my contact list again . 
Please text me your name or call me so I can add u 2 my contacts again . 
I had fun with my grandma today =) 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
All finished shoveling my part of the driveway . 8-) 
Just before her 10th reunion , < PROPFEMALE > had been divorced , and she was working as a secretary to support herself . 
Out with my Grandma : ) 
Just made a super strawberry banana smoothie . . . . mmmmm 
They must be handing out $100.00 dollar bills in the Denville Library tonight because I got the last parking spot , okay back to my school work , PEACE !!!! 
Yummy yummy in my tummy Miami Rice cannoli flavored pudding 
hey < PROPFEMALE > ! its < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! this is wat happens < PROPFEMALE > u click stay logged in !! next time remember to log out ! \ 
love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE >:) <3 
