enjoying our lovely 2 bedroom hotel room in < PROPMALE > , Colorado 

I am so glad school has started and the kids are back to going to bed early and waking up early . 
Should really be getting of of here and get to bed ; but what's the fun in that . 
I decided to take the kids to a new church yesterday . They put on the production Heavens gates and hells flames so I took the kids . < PROPMALE > wasn't feeling good . The older kids went to the alter and excepted Jesus into there hearts and even though I had done it on my own outside of church I felt the need to do it in church also . I rededicated my life to Christ . And all 3 of us are going to be baptised next sunday . 
ah how sweet . I love you both so much . You guys have been through so much together and deserve every bit of happiness the good lord has in store for you . Again I love you both . 
I really really really HATE algebra !!! 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going ! 
Happy new year everybody 
I love my mother ( natural and spiritual) ! For all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom's for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste this to your profile ! Some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate , but we can still say thanks for their love . MOM(S ) I WOU ... LDN'T BE WHO I AM WITHOUT YOU ! THANKS FOR YOUR < PROPFEMALE > , LOVE , GRACE AND MERCY ! See More 
So I am pretty excited we finally got into the 21st century and got cell phones . Of course I had to get the 16gb 3Gs iPhone . < PROPMALE > opted for the normal 8gb iPhone . So well here is my number for anyone who wants it . Call any time if ya want . 806-663-6512 
It's Daughter Week !!! ? If you have one daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , Is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . ? My world would not be the same without my beautiful girls ? Love ya < PROPFEMALE > and Katelynne xoxoxox :) 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if you're car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true frien ... d ... March 3 at 8:45 pm 
I finally got all 3 of my kids dentist apps at the same day and time , that never happens . 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself " 
If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ??? 
Ok I admit it I'm a bitch ... Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I make mistakes , I'm out of control , I'm emotional and at times I'm hard to handle ... but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ! ... If you're a bitch repost this ! ... I dare you !! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer it so ...... Show your support 
On our way to Amarillo to take Katelynne to Chucky Cheeses and go to < PROPFIRST>'s club to stock up the pantry . Oider kids are spending the night with frieds . 
I just wanted to tell everyone that wished me a happy birthday Monday . Thank you and all that are family I love you and miss you too . 
So silly me tried to slice a glue stick in half length wise with a fillet knife and now have 9 stitches in my thumb . 
Finally done with principles of business class . Now just have to wait for grades to be posted . 
Finally got my grade in for last class got a B+ . Now on to the next set of classes starting tomorrow . Microeconomics and American culture in transaction . FUN FUN FUN 
Well everyone after today I won't be on as much . I will be to busy with classes for the next 5 weeks . 
I hate the fact that for every 2 steps forward I always seem to go 3 giant steps back . 
Why can't the past just stay in the past and leave me the hell alone !! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone hope you all had a wonderful day . 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him ..... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart 
I am so done with being sick . Wish I could just take a magic pill and make it all go away . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I hope everyone had a joyous day as they remembered the birth of our savior Jesus Christ . 
Only took 3 1/2 hours but I finally got room clean and all clean clothes folded and put away . 
Bout to go to Amarillo . I will have my treadmill for sure today . 
