excited about living back in < PROPMALE > !!! 

loves the weather in Florida . 
loves Florida but is not happy about his job . 
wants people to just press the gas peddle . Its not that hard to do . 
done working as a teacher this Friday !!! 
thinking about getting the house ready for Christmas 
just got done shoveling snow 
is ready for bed . 
hope everyone is having a nice < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
wants the snow to go away !!! 
had a great day today . 
hoping today is as good as yesterday . 
remember to vote at www.thatbitchisis.com/egoawards 
Don't forget to vote for me as your favorite bartender at www.thatbitchisis.com/egoawards 
one more crazy night of bartending this weekend . 
survived the weekend , now hoping the weather is better this week . 
is just really mad right now !!! 
is happy the weekend is just about over . Now I can relax . 
just relaxing 
getting ready for another crazy weekend , I wish it was Sunday morning already . 
is happy the weekend is over . Happy Spring everyone , warm weather is on the way !!! 
this weather has got to go , winter is over !!! 
one night down and one more to go . I hope it goes by fast and I make a lot of money . 
another weekend over , now looking forward to the warm weather thats coming this week . 
two more days of rain and cold then finally some spring weather . 
happy that the warm weather is finally here , now time to work on a tan . 
is in Ohio with the family . Happy Easter everyone !!! 
where did the warm weather go ??? 
I am going to mow some grass today , hope its warm . 
The club was dead this weekend , I wish I knew why . 
just thinking some < PROPMALE > changes need to happen soon 
just got hope from working at the club . I am so tired , and I need to change the rear brakes on my car before going back to the club tonight ... ugh . 
tired from a long weekend . 
Its the weekend and I am ready for a 12 hour nap . 
I caught a cold . This cold weather is not helping . 
I am in a good mood today for some reason . 
I am back in Toledo until the 27th . 
is going back to NY in the morning :( 
is tired . 
I like the rain , but the temperature just had to drop 30 degrees too ... not fun . 
is surprised by how some people are not who they seem to be . 
had a lot of fun at Cedar Point on Father's Day . 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight . 
is going back to New York today . 
is back home in NY and time to go back to work . At least the weather is warm . 
is not going to NYC pride , too much work to do :( 
Thanks everyone for all your birthday wishes . I really didn't do anything fun on my birthday , just worked the whole day . 
I love this warm weather , it reminds me of < PROPMALE > . 
Another weekend is here , I hope the club is busy . I get so bored behind the bar . 
is very tired of working all of the time . 
The summer is going by too fast , I don't want it to end . 
I don't want the summer to end !!! 
going to the mall and then work at Primetime tonight 
Ego party tonight at Primetime , its going to be a beach party . I will be there behind the bar . 
is enjoying the warm weather while it lasts . 
I am tired and have a headache :( 
in Toledo visiting family 
going to Menjo's tonight . 
relaxing today 
going to sleep now 
Suicide is not the answer . We all have been given the greatest gift of all , life . Treasure your life every day . Problems , we all have them , deal with them face to face . When life gets tough , you get stronger , wiser , and become a better person . Suicide is not the answer . 
I just came in from relaxing in the jacuzzi . Now I can spend some time looking up parts for the Jeep Wrangler I am restoring . 
Going to be bartending tonight at Primetime . Its the Halloween costume party tonight !!! 
Happy Halloween !!! Remember to say your prayers for those stuck in purgatory . 
Well it was a long weekend , and this week is going to be longer . 
Tired from working and not looking forward to this weekend . 
It snowed all day yesterday , what is that all about ? 
Another long weekend is over , now I can enjoy an easy week . 
Sleep is good 
Its cold and snowing and I am stressed . 
Sometimes life can be a lot of fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone !!! I am very lucky to be with my family in Ohio . I wish everyone were as lucky as me . 
Happy New Year to everyone !!! I am having trouble coming up with a good new year's resolution . Any suggestions ??? 
I am getting ready to drive back to NY tomorrow morning . Eight hours of driving , I better not get any tickets . 
Well I made it back to NY safe and sound last night . I had a great time with my family and friends during the holidays , and cannot wait to see them all again . 
Time to get ready for another snow storm ... I miss living in Florida :( 
Getting ready for another night at Primetime . 
Its raining and snowing , and when the temp goes down to zero tomorrow night everything is going to freeze . Why did I ever leave Florida ??? 
It's cold and I have to work at the club tonight . Last Friday was good , I hope tonight is better . 
Okay I understand its winter here , but -8 degrees for tonight ... thats just rediculous . Someone needs to be fired . 
Its Friday again . I will be bartending at Pimetime tonight . 
What can I say about this weather ??? Umm IT SUCKS !!! 
Its Saturday again and I will be bartending at Primetime . 
You just gotta love the Steelers !!! 
Most people will never know what it feels like to be really tired . 
Tonight is the < PROPFIRST>'s Day party at Primetime . I think I will be bartending in something pink . 
I want the snow to go away !!! 
Today has been long but productive . I think I will relax in the jacuzzi and then jump into bed . The best part of every day must be the end . 
So far I am enjoying my new job :) 
Ready to start my first full week at my new job . I am the Database Analyst for the Monticello Casino and Raceway . 
Ready for another week of working at the casino . 
