Well , its bronchitis ... not the best sickness I've had ... 

Finally after two weeks of being sick I am finally starting to get better , thanks to my immune system and the wonders of medicine . 
Happy turkey day everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Roberts is in the emergency room right now , not quite sure what is wrong , but that's why she's there ... I hope it turns out to be something simple ... 
One year ago tomorrow night . 
Homework day today ... 
It i so darn cold ... 
So , today I forgot my pants ... 
likes men 
i'm looking for a hot guy !! :-P 
They say you are shaped by the people in your life . You must also remember that the people in your life are there for a reason . You made a conscience decision to have them there . I am grateful for the people I have chosen to keep in my life . 
So I didn't forget my pants today , I forgot all my clothes . 
Great day at the gym . I feel so alive ! Dead lift 310 for 10 reps easy . 
Is back to the really bad coughing again ... 
Dr. apt tomorrow for my illness . 
Remember remember the fifth of november the gun powder treason and plot . I know of no reason the gun powder treason should ever be forgot . 
I am proof that even if you are sick coughing your lungs up you can still do well on an APFT ... 73 push , 93 sit , and 14:17 2 mile ... All that while coughing my lungs up for a grand total of 282/300 pts ... 
Good night world , I shall see you tomorrow ! 
Four Finals tomorrow . Gotta get that studying going , after the gym ... 
So many finals today , lets get started ... 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
Well , fever came back today and the cough began to get much worse ... I don't know what the hell is wrong with me . 
Had a great evening with friends in a going away celebration for sac state's gold bar @ < PROPFIRST > jones ! 
Very Excited !!! I just got my first set of snowboarding gear . Ready to hit the slopes for the first time !! 
