really really bored 

Stick your hand into my back pocket Light me up like a bottle rocket I just wanna free fall for a while 
eating sup 
just spent an awesome day and a half with some relatives i just met 
\How am I supposed to feel about the things I've done ? I don't know if I should stay or turn around and run \"" 
\shackled\ " by Vertical Horizon .... song of my life " 
Im back in South < PROPFEMALE > after 3 wks in Montana 
about 19 hours home and im already having a crappy time 
Singing Amen I , I'm alive Singing Amen I , I'm alive If everyone cared and nobody cried , If everyone loved and nobody lied , If everyone shared and swallowed their pride , We'd see the day , when nobody died 
The tick tock of the clock is painful All sane and logical I wanna tear it off the wall 
I would swallow my pride I would choke on the rhines But the lack thereof would leave me empty inside I would swallow my doubt Turn it inside out Find nothing but faith in nothing 
I burn burn like a wicker cabinet chalk white and oh so frail I see our time had gotten stale 
i wish my sister would just mind her own business and stop trying to get me in trouble 
wondering why i express my emotions/thoughts/feelings except to my closest friends .... it never ends very well 
facebook gets boring if u spend all ur time on it 
This chat is really making me mad 
why is life so confuzing and complicated 
i'm not a perfect person . there are many things i wish i didnt do but i continue learning . i never meant to do those things to you . and so i have to say before i go , that i just want you to know i've found a reason for me , to change who i used to be a reason to start over new , and the reason is you 
I sit here locked inside my head Remembering everything you've said The silence get's us no where Get's us no where way too fast The silence Is what kills me I need someone Here to help me But you don't know How to listen And let me make My decisions 
Had alot of fun ith my All State Choir friends today ...... 
is wishing his closest friend would grow up , accept that life sucks at times , and realize that his isnt that bad 
iF YOU BElIEVE iN GOd ANd YOU AREN't AShAMED tO ShOW IT ; CliCK thE lINk , lOOK fOR A QUOtE ANd tHEN POSt It hERE ANd COPY & PAStE tHiS iN YOUR StAtUS , KEEP It GOiNG ! http://www.google.com/cse?cx=partner-pub-0087435112625771%3An77ktqvo3dv&ie=ISO-8859-1&q=I+love+God+Quotes&sa=Search&siteurl=ibelieveingod.webs.com%2F 
Happy New Year !!! 
Go PIRATES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOOOOO 3rd place in the State Tournement .... Good Job Lady Pirates !!!!!! 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are \ 
blessed to have your mother still with you , or if she is in heaven now , \ 
copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud\ 
of your mother and love her lots ... (¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . • *´¯) ? I love you \ 
Mom ...? 
Just keep on trying till you run out of cake 
keepbusy.net is really making me mad ..... 
ugh .... wont have my phone till friday of next week :( 
is back from a week at Klein Ranch .... had an amazing time 
peaches 
misses < PROPMALE > gaffigan 
mom just woke up from her nap and said she had a dream that was like < PROPMALE > potter meets the < PROPFEMALE > bride ..... 
Anyone else taking spanish this year ??? 
You can ask me 1 question . Only through messaging . I'll answer no matter what & promise to be completely honest . Put this as your status & see what you get 
my world history book defines ghetto as : seperate section of a city where members of a minority group are forced to live 
Classic pepperoni ... r.i.p Fergie 
Hakuna Matata .... idk anymore 
is like a book , people only read whats on the outide . unless they are forced to look inside 
I'm always the shoulder to cry on , yet I never have anyone to < PROPFEMALE > on when I'm falling down . 
I understand , but I'm tired of understanding . All I do is understand . For once i would like someone to be on the other end trying to understand me ... 
is thinking that chaning my language settingson facebook to Pirate English was a brilliant idea .... especially with homecoming next week 
Homecoming Week !!!!! 
Working at the Hyde County Thrift Store :) 
So you know when you get those stupid txt messages on your phone and it automatically charges you ten dollars and then says text STOP to stop ..... well that happened to me and now my phone is out of service till idk when :( 
A friend is someone who understands your past , believes in your future , and accepts you just the way you are . How many \friends\ " do i actually have ???? " 
I may not live my life the way you wish I would but that doesn't mean I don't live it the way I feel is best for me . 
So i just played wheel of fortune and it was \Princess Peach \"!!!!" 
They say love is like oxygen ..... well i pray thats not true or i may not make it much longer 
Don't judge a good day by the happiness you take from it . Judge it by the happiness you bring into it . 
ugh .... dont get to go to brookings All State Choir practice tomorrow :( 
BROTHER WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh ... Pulled your hair ... stuck up for you ... drove you crazy ... hugged you ... watched you succeed ... saw you fall ... picked you back up ... cheered you on ... made you strong ... Copy and paste this to your status 
< PROPFIRST > Reich completes me :) 
Cant wait for One-Act Play tryouts this Friday !!! 
send me a number and ill let you know :) 
#616 you are a lot of fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with and really random and hyper .... in a good way :) 
You are really cool and smart , I dont really know you that well but you are your own person and thats cool 
so school cancelled is fine but not too happy about another gme being postponed 
Tied for 3rd place at 1-Act Play Regions today ... good job everbody and congrats matty on your best actress award !!!! 
WOOOO PACKERS !!!!!!! 
just got home from < PROPMALE > league meeting but kinda sore .... the pizza was good though 
is getting ready to go meet and talk to the local state legislators 
Had a good time at the legislature cracker barrel today ... learned alot and now i understand some things better 
so UNC just beat DUKE ..... awesome !!!! 
