yo tru shit while drink and talkin shit i got the strange urge to play wall ball and not jus wall ball like i mean suicideor Super Suicide u know those funn ass old skool game cuz if u drop dat ball everybody gonna fuk u up 

Welcome everyone to the new < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > now known as Nugget or 2K10Nugget . 
EVeryone check out my New Pics cuz if u dont imma knock u the fuck out matter of fact IMMA FIND YALL RUN YA MUTHA FUCKIN POCKETS THEN KNOCK YOU THE FUCK OUT LOL ROFL LMAO I-YAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Im Depressed as shit Fuck me well the old me anyway . maybe just maybe if i wasnt scared shed be with me . :( 
I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Watchin Enter The Dragon < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > da Shit 
O yea Boi I got the Jizzy at sears on 69 i start next week Holla at ya Boi . I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Shit is so mixed up in my mind im inna pull between feelings . 
Snow it's so much fucking snow outside . Yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
another day in the life of nugget . o yea super bowl is today . 
Damn wat is going on with dem colts 
Damn how bout dem saints ... fuck em doe cuz they beat my team . VIKINGS ALL DAY BABY 
Wow jst got donelifting weights ... i now know how brusie feel when he sat takin it the the < PROPMALE > baby o yea 
Well i did my good deed 4 da day . and i start work on friday I-Yahhhhhhhhhh 
Love means to commit oneself without guarantee , to give oneself completely in the hope that our love will produce love in the loved person . Love is an act of faith , and whoever is of little faith is also of little love . - < PROPMALE > Fromm 
Im more like trips to florida , order the orderves , views of the water , straight froma < PROPFEMALE > of ur favorite author , and the weather so brezzy damn why cant life just be this easy 
Love some many things i've got to tell you , buti afriad i dont know how cuz theres a possibility that you'll look at me differently . love ever since the first moment i spoke ur name far then on i knew that by you being in my life things were different . 
Love some many things i've got to tell you , buti afriad i dont know how cuz theres a possibility that you'll look at me differently . love ever since the first moment i spoke ur name far then on i knew that by you being in my life things were different 
money bitches bout to get dis money dem frog leg skins .... but i need some skins which female gonna let me dig in der boots . I-Yahhhhhhhhhhh 
im drunk aS SHIT AND HIGH . NOW I NEED SOME FOOD HINGRY OR SOME PUSSY WHCH EVER COME FIRST BUT I KNOW THE PUSSY NEV GONNA COME SO MY HOPE IS FOOD I-YAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
i need help i dont know what to do . sometimes i feel selfish cuz i want something good for myself and i feel i deserve it in my life . im always in the dark alone and shit . i always wonder if everyone else around me is happy then what .... What About Me ? 
i feel good . alot of weight has been lifted off me and i just gotta run with it . ya dig I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
What'll happen if i settle and just go along with what I have . Cause there's a difference between good and great , but good wasn't built to last . Can you tell me is this all for me ...... cuz right now I just wanna be staring into your eyes , Right now I'm so lost but when I see you I'll be found , and I won't have to ask all these questions like can someone tell me where you are . 
yo yo im tryin to b fly if my nigga answer his fuckin phone ... god i hate bullshitters 
yay im going to get my shit as soone as b.j. get round here Booo-Yahhhhh 
fucky wat the fuck and mekka and < PROPFIRST > i was ... going to get my tat tonight 
All around the country coast to coast ..... People always ask what do You like most .... I don't wanna brag , I don't wanna boast .... I just always tell'em I like toast ....... YEAH TOAST ........ YEAH TOAST ........ YEAH TOAST !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wow i jus dont know anymore . haveu ever been frozen stiff not like cold just u want to move but ur body wont . that feeling sucks now i kinda of know how being prarlyzed feels . 
listening to so beautiful by musiq in my bag .... thinking and shit . 
yo im high ... off life and i dont know why but now i need something to eat and not food ..... DIG ME I-YAHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
That aint how it works . That aint that how it goes . And I been getting high to balance out the lows . i give her all my love but she hurts me evermore . and why is it always darkness through every door i go . if im needed here then i wanna know . 
I'm Starting to judge myself on a sliding moral scale . After disappointment upon disappointment , I've finally come to terms with the fact that no matter how hard I try , I'll never be able to do the right thing . So I follow my feelings and hope for the best . 
Yo its 2K10 here to stay bout to go even further into my transformation of the real me and shit . so imma get shit poppin i should be half way done by june ya dig em . im tellin u its a great way to start looking at life with less and less fear bout things . If u diggin being real not only to others but ya self holla yat ya boi , ladies yall can holla at now cuz i need a fine female round I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Im not even sleepy and its like 2am .... fuck it bout ot get < PROPMALE > Money over here ........ CHA-Ching 
at work and shit rockin a half staff , cant wait to get the fuck outta here so bored and in need of vigana . 
Our mutual losses or experience deserve to be acknowledged or remembered with dignity , honor , and respect even as we regroup to move forward . I am willing to work on forgiveness and letting go of the past in order to find peace . It's time to give it a rest . I am empowered by stillness and my virtue is silence . 
I am not alone . It's not too late to make a fresh start or to pursue my hearts < PROPFEMALE > . The fountain of my youth or my Holy Grail is revealed in the simple pleasures and gestures that are unaware of their own beauty , connection , and power . I am empowered by nostalgia or past perceptions and my gift is rejuvenation . 
U give me a feeling that I never felt before And I deserve it , I know I deserve it It's become something that's impossible to ignore And I can't take it I was wondering maybe Could I make you my baby If we do the unthinkable will it make us look crazy If you ask me I'm ready If you ask me I'm ready 
O YEA GOT DAT HAWK OUT STUNTIN ON YALL BITCHES I-YAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Yo people check out the new pic of da hawk and let me know what yall think 
If you don't chew big red ...... THEN FUCK YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111 
Whyy i was just pm yahoo looking at what movies coming out this summer(alot of them gonna pop)and guess what ... toys story 3 come out june 18 .... come on now people u know im going to it and it come out on my birthday ... but what i wanna know issssss . ( in my < PROPFIRST > from half baked voice)Who's Commin With me Man .... What Come With Me ? 
my day is shitty can someone plz cheer me up .... i dont give a shit how like nike just do it 
Was , Is , and will forever be a fan of ...... Brandon Nugget < PROPMALE > . Do i have any followers ? 
Right now i jus feel like Fuck it , WTF , and Fuck off .... So Peace Love and Eat my Gat .... O yea FUCK YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can outwit or outlast and I choose my battles wisely . This puts me in a superior position . I know when it's time to hold , fold , or walk away . I am a survivor and am not easily defeated . I am empowered to gain the advantage by turnabout and my virtue fair play . 
is outting a ad out for all the ladies as a sexy 6 foot light skin male with a job and a dream ..... the position of my lady ... I am now accepting Offers 
is mentally tried and getting physically tried too . bout to set things right cuz after what i b hearing everything is going extreeeeemmmmly wrong . i am prepared for the after math of people i love hating me for if u gotta hate me for u to see the light ........ SO BE IT 
mad my fuckin team just ( Go Cavs ) watchin suns spurs game mad i got to go to do dumbshit in the morning I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Happy Mother's Day Ladies and Women 
Bout to watch some of that good good Naruto ... right now saskue fightin his brother itchi in a uichia battle ..... And so fucking what if this makes me sound like a geek i am im jus one with style and very good look ... ladies dont lie to ur self u know im sexy as .... U fill in the rest 
Yo i neber really had a hero until now ...... Itachi that fuckin man he not to be fucked with he the realest around ... if u watch naruto u know what i mean I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhh 
mad as shit gott wake up ealy as shit tomorrow 
got me a case of drinks chillin watchin naruto almost done thinkin ... but ostifer i swaer to drunk im not god 
o yea finally got my fuckin phone holla at me 
Yo jus found old school pic of me and i look like a fat young mexican lol this shit funny 
New T-Shirt idea --- I Talk to my self because I'm Sane I Don't Talk To Other People Because They Drive Me Crazy . 
if you ever liked , like , or wanted to go out wit me or think im pretty like my status , \ 
& ill tell you how i feel about you 
Thx 4 da love from everybody and if u must no i got super fucked up we had bottles on deck(Henny , 151 , Hypno , Alazay , Moon shine , and some < PROPFEMALE > shit ) when to K.O.P. bagg like 3 joins ,, played ball , got some KFC , and went with my man leem < PROPMALE > , Juicy , Nuvo , < PROPMALE > and his girl to the 69th st lounge I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
yo why my boss scare the shit out of my this morning he call my phone talkin bout where u at u was suposed to be here and shit . he paused and then said o sry wrong day im looking at . got dam nigga that not some shit i wanna wake up too . 
on a better note imma get bac in my writing bag makein dem good good tracks and hooks for my niggas 
Yo let me ask yall something .... why is it when u rushin to get somewhere it feel like u hit every fucking red light in the city and when u rideing the bus everybody in the fucking city wanna get on or off . WTF 
dont know whyy but im in my writing bagg wrote like 3-4 hooks and two raps killin it ovr here . p.s. i wrote a song too ( yes people i can sing ) . 
fuck this day aint nothin going right for mei need so much and cant get it but fuck the present ... thats why i say ok ur past made u but my future WILL kill you 
i jus came bak from hangin wit my niggas wit my lil brother had to show him da ropes and fuck everything im after everything if u bad im on ya topp cuz if i want my brother to b the best man i have to show him the better man . ska-doosh 
Quote of the day : A Heart My Be Whole , But Love For Nugget Only Comes In Pieces . 
You check my vids and tella nigga watyal think Facebook . title is NUGGET IS BACK WITH BARS YADOOO . 
Fuck fuck and fuck everybody aint shit going right 4 me ovr here workin my ass off and aint got nothin to show 4 it not yet anyway house will come soon until then jus hav tp wait it out .... p.s. im fucked up off like 3 lokos and shit ska-doosh . I-YAHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Imma say it once more yo Facebook look at my video Nugget is back with bar and comment on it let me know am i on the right track cuz i know the track right ..... I-yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Yo Facebook Can i get a fucking award for real like i offed six yes six loko's in one night an was still baggin bitches walkin round and not drawlin on myself I-Yahhhhhhhhhhhhh . and yes u did read right muthafucka six count em 12345 6 fruit punch and watermelon loko's 
Yo facebook got dem videos out again check me and my man shizz lansky out we hot ovr here or go to youtube.com and look up Teach Her How To Fuck Me Free and Make Em Say Free aka Wiggle Dat Ass ... I-Yahhhhhhhh 
idk bout anything at this time . i dont know whyy and dont care . theres a big difference when u can c the bottom and being there ..... Alone .......... The Pain Is Real . 
Is fucking tried but a waka flaka(LOKO ) should wake me right up . bout to go down UD and search 4 niggas and shit to do gettin paid gettin paid . p.s. i need some .. i swear to god who ever giv it up to me gonna get the fuckin works im talkin ATM toung down like a mutha fucka so bring da coco drip . im so close to IDGF mode thinkin bout this shit . 
Fuck bad bitches they always got a fuckin BF and attude problem(thus the use of baby power ) . I need A Nickle in my life they know how to treat people . like my man B.J. said i want a woman with plenty self pitty . not on no scumb bag shit but i like making people feel better bout dem selves because not many people do it out here . 
I wish I was .......................... I wish I wasn't . im not the best of both worlds but im very skilled in all worlds except my own . Soon very soon i will destroy myself and c who helps put me back together instead of sweep me to the side . For when I do reach my peek I'll remember those by my side and those who choose to ride .... ride me to the ground . 
Yo Got some Videos out check dem out Facebook . Go to youtube and look up videos \ Wiggle Dat Ass\ " and \ " Teach Her How To Fuck Me\ " . comments dem on wat u think . Good Luck " 
loko's rule ass ...... if u come between me and my fucking loko ill break my foot off in ur ass so ur ass can walk in my shoes . lick my strollers(dats my nuts ) cuz dey hold my kids 
i feel like LL Cool J right now .... I need love :( 
is eating mother's fried chuicken and mash taters ... being the fatest and happiset nigga in the land and far yonder .. ska-doosh 
p.s. im drunk as sit so its extra good 
I dont know any more ... i mean what is this shit called life .... they give u skuba gear and then send you the the < PROPFEMALE > . like WTF ... FOH 
is tooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fucked up rites now ........... like fuck it ... fpur real .... liek my strolers need mad attention right about now ....... lokos on did deck ... help like help .... uhhhhhhh aflack(in my duck voicwe_ 
is train and sharpening my UFC skills ..... so leave me lone or ill knock u da fuck out///take u down mount u then knock u da fuck out///or submitt u and either choke u to sleep den punch on u or break a limb den ... u guessed it punch on u . 
O fuckin yea baby im back .... Nugget back on the sause n shit 
I am true to myself and will only regret the chances I don't take to seek or follow my hearts < PROPFEMALE > . I turn away from or make a clean sweep of that which does not honor or sustain my passion and love , and in this , I am not afraid to be alone . I am empowered to move forward or make space and my gift is letting go . 
Sorry everyone , not to be super superstitious , but this year October has 5Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrivewithin 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,.................. will be without money . I cannot let that person be me .... Copy within 11min . Good luck 
if you have seen me drunk , press like . if you get more then 30 likes you need help . post this on your status to see how much of an alcoholic you are . 
fuck it im broke for halloween 
da mission to find me over . to be da one is cingular like dem rollovers . da game of life pass da dice cuz ya turn over . forced fumbles if u run causin turnovers . \ 
Bizzy Blount 
YO U NEVER C THE SHIT COMMIN AT U IN LIFE .... SO LIKE A BLIND MAN IN A ORGY U BETTER FEEL THINGS OUT FIRST ... OR U MIGHT B THE ONE GETTING FUCKED .. 
yo jus got my check in my account dat join super NICE and i only work one fuckin week it was like 375 and shit ...... SKA_DOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh 
There's No Such Thing As Too Much Sugar In Kool-Aid 
tired as fuck jus worked a 6Am to 9pm ... need sleep and new feet 
New Tat ideas ... get \OuttaHere\ " on my middle finger LOL " 
O YEA FUCK DEM TRACH ASS BIRDS .... VIKINGS ALL DAY BABY HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
lokos tilts and what ever has liquor in it is going in my mouth 
O YEA FUCK DEM BIRDS ... BUNCH OF SUCKAS 
Fuck dem birds hahahahahahahahahahahahaha sucka ass eagles 
got sum new bar on deck .. killin it goin off the \The Search\ " Instrumental " 
