got to work this morning and wondered ... \What town would be the best to rape a pillage today ? \ " ... then I remembered that I left my raping and pillaging tools at home .... maybe tomorrow . " 

What is white and glows pink ? A dead baby with an electrode up its ass . OMG ... I just love dead baby jokes .... and so does < PROPFIRST > Stamos . 
Here are 3 inspirational quotes about God : 1 . The soul can split the sky in two and let God shine through . 2 . God is not a cosmic bellboy for whom we can press a button to get things done . 3 . If you don't know what's meant by God , watch a forsythia bran 
My god carries a hammer . Your god died nailed to a tree . Any questions ? 
If it wasn't for all that heroin importing , cooking methamphetamine in my basement , and selling crack to youngsters , I would have never learned the metric system . 
Can anyone tell me what a \cunt waffle\ " is ? I am legitimately interested . " 
Remember , if you ever need a helping hand , you'll find one at the end of your arm ... As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands . One for satisfying yourself , the other for satisfying others . I like to think of myself as a multi-tasker ! 
just visited < PROPFEMALE > . Saw the puppy , ate A LOT of < PROPFEMALE>'s cooking , got to see < PROPMALE > and the baby ( cuuuuuuuute ) , and I wish I could visit more often !! 
A man and a woman are riding an elevator . The man says : \Can I smell your vagina ? \ " \ " F**k no ! \ " \ " Oh - then it must be your feet . \"" 
boston pancake -- When a lover defecates on another lovers chest . WITH PERMISSION . Then pats down the feces with his buttox to make it into a flat surface . Then the man ejaculates on the feces which acts as the syrup . \That guy gave one hell of a boston pancake to that bitch ! \"" 
The Chilli Dog- A disturbing type of scatology in which a man defecates between a womans breasts and then procedes to tit f**k using the waste as a lubricant . The penis is the hot dog the shit the chili and of course the breasts are the buns . \50 Cent is such a skank . Why's he always chili dog his moma ? \"" 
Kosher Butcher- the ultimate sexual experience in which begins with the aquisition of Kosher Hot Dogs . After the purchase is made the partner is found , remove clothing and engage in doggy style intercourse . With or without approval , remove hot dogs from package and preceed to insert hot dogs in anal cavity one by one . Repeat this action until the female yelps \Oy Vey\ " and/or you run out of hot dogs . " 
I wish I was a penguin so I could fly away from here ... but penguins can't fly ... so I guess I'll just awkwardly waddle away from here until I find some snow and then I can slide on my belly away from here ... maybe a penguin was a bad choice of bird for this analogy ... fuckn penguins .... 
May I suggest the pink insulation , it tastes like cotton < PROPFEMALE > . 
Have you ever daydreamed about < PROPFEMALE > White ( from the < PROPFEMALE > Girls ) inapproapiatly tickling a naked Reverend < PROPMALE > Sharpton ? 
I've never experienced a moment where I could use the words \humdrum\ " and \ " ejaculation\ " in the same sentence to describe the situation . Hmmm ..... the universe is very mysterious in its ways . " 
Have you ever sneezed and peed a little at the same time ? 
Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor , and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons ? 
What do you get when you divide the circumference of your jack-o-lantern by its diameter ?........................... Pumpkin Pi !.............. if you don't get this joke then u r stupid and Jesus says he hates u 
I'm moving my lab from a closet to a bigger a closet with a window today . Its very exciting to be able to see the real world during my 12 hour work days . 
so funny thing , I guess I can log into Facebook and do everything EXCEPT view my profile . It seems that when I try to go to my profile , it is not there . I get a \Page Not Found\ " error . Hmmm .... ok Facebook .... I'll play your game .... let's dance " 
YEY !!! My Facebook profile has magically returned . What a great day ! 
One of my pet rats died this morning ... I wrapped him in a nice towel , dug a hole next to my pepper plants and buried him ... I now have one rat buried in Florida , one on North < PROPFEMALE > , and one in Pennsylvania . WOW ... it seems that I am leaving a trail of death across the east coast . The only people who can be proud of that are me and serial killers ... maybe I should change professions ? 
Watching a movie about a girl who has teeth in her vagina .... god how I love independent films ... a toothed vagina is ALWAYS better than being at work on a Friday ... the name of the movie is \Teeth\ " and I suggest everyone see it " 
YEY !! < PROPMALE > IS COMING TO < PROPMALE > !!! 
Do you know what happens when you pour non-dairy creamer into cold coffee ? The answer is clumps of creamer form and get coated with a layer of coffee . Then when you drink the coffee+ creamer-bombs mixture , the creamer bombs explode and you inhale the powdered creamer and the coffee never gets swallowed . So when you cough , a large spray of coffee comes out too . No one wants to sit in front of me in class anymore . 
I was running some samples in my GC/MS and found traces of caffeine .... so either my phytoplankton are a new source of caffeine ... or I am drinking so much coffeee that me just breathing is adding caffeine into my samples .... hmmm .... at least it didn't pick up the coacaine and ectasy , that could have been hard to explain in thesis results 
I just masturbated to a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > catalog ... I must really like poorly made quilted purses and bags . 
I tried to talk about the big snow storm that hit the northeast in 1993 in my lab today . And nobody knew what I was talking about . I guess everyone in my class was 4 years old when it happened . Jesus christ I am old .... \Back in my day we used pinecones as dildos and had to walk 15 < PROPMALE > in the snow for a good fisting .... you young people are spoiled with internet porn and prostitutes . \"" 
evaporating very toxic/flammable chemicals in small glass vials and calculating concentrations based on sample volume .... god my life is awesome !!! 
I got my turkey TV dinner and chocolate cake .... Thanksgiving is gonna be a blast !!!! 
Watching all three Underworld movies ... If you want GOOD vampire and werewolf movies I suggest these ... Twilight can lick my balls .... yes .. I said it .... \lick my balls Twilight \"" 
Downloading satellite data , frequently crashing Matlab , trying to find correlations between formaldehyde and small mode aerosol fraction , and watching the < PROPFEMALE>'s Parade all by myself . BEST THANKSGIVING EVER !!!!! ( plus I masturbate like every 5 minutes , so it makes it totally worth it ) .... 
If the Maury Povich show has taught me anthying , it is that if you want to get your point across , say the same thing over and over and over agian while progresvily increasing the volume of your voice .... \she's a dirty ho ..... she's a dirty ho(louder ) ... SHE'S A DIRTY HO ! \ " Hopefully these debating skills will take me far in my political career .... " 
Term projects can lick my asshole .... that's right ... get all up in there and lick it .... stupid projects 
All my projects are done and submitted by 10am this morning .... now to write my thesis ... I'm seriously considering a job at a Taco < PROPFEMALE > , good perks , interesting people , and no more school ... fuck you NASA , I'm going to make tacos !!! 
penis penis penis ... vagina vagina vagina .... Shannon's coming to visit soon ... YEY ..... I should totally be a poet ... or song writer ... or softcore porn director ... 
Watcing a \Wife Swap\ " marathon all day .... I <3 vacation " 
Taco Bell ... a bottle of wine ... and scary movies all night ... the only thing missing is a hot Italian man rubbing my feet ... mmmm ... foot rub 
another year closer to the 2012 apocalypse !!!! I can't wait for the fire and brimstone mixed in with a little < PROPFIRST > Seacrest next New Years .... mmmm .... barbecued Seacrest .... now that sounds more like a fun-alypse 
Someone decided it was a good idea to shut-off the heat in my builiding to save electricity over the break ... seems that the only problem with that is they forgot to turn it back on when everyone came to work today .... I look like a freakin eskimo working in the lab ... burrrrrrrrrr 
For everyone's future reference , if you try to acid wash zinc pellets with a 10%HCl solution ... you get ZnCl2 ( a hazordous gas ) and lots of heat in an exothermic reaction ... I was < PROPFEMALE > aware of this at 8:00 am this morning .... NOW I KNOW .... I deeply apologize to my fingers ..... 
9 ways to bruise a man's ego ::: 1 . Point out his gut , 2 . Insult his job , 3 . Compare him to an athlete , 4 . Compare him to a musician , 5 . Compare him to his father , 6 . Buy him big clothes , 7 . Compliment someone he hates , 8 . Treat him like he's poor , 9 . Laugh during sex . 
New Headline : \NASA finds cocaine in shuttle hangar\ " ... now i REALLY REALLY want to work at NASA .... snortn blow and going to space .... what a great job " 
I'm going to be a judge at an elementary school science fair on Thursday .... YEY ... bring on growing plants with music and baking soda volcanoes ..... i'm gonna tell these kids what science is really about 
I was on a boat ... I was on a boat ... I was on a mother fuckin boat ... serioulsy , I was . The Neuse River is gonna get dominated in my lab this weekend ... 
Just got done judging an elementary school science fair ... and the winner was a 5th grade girl that did research I do in my lab .... I offered her a job as a lab technician ... but I don't think her mother was keen on the idea of her having to get radiation safety certified ... o well 
last night I sneezed ... and I peed a little bit ... I think my body was trying to explode 
YEY SNOW !!!! 
I am totally addicted to the \Hey Soul Sister\ " song from Train ... singing ( well basically screaming ) it in the lab at 1:30 in the morning .... I think its time to get naked and dance in front of the window ... welcome to the show campus security ! " 
last night I had the strange urge to get naked and cover my entire body with Crisco , then I sensually slipped and slided all over the leather couch while listening to the sweet harmonics of < PROPFIRST > Bolton ... unfortunately , < PROPMALE > was unamused by my antics and I was asked to take a shower and clean up the mess ... Damn you Crisco and your powers of persuasion ! 
Watchin both Ghostbuster movies ... I think I have an unhealthy fantasy that includes me , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and ecto plasm .... whoops , I've seemed to have just messed myself 
What would be your choice of apocalypse and why : 1 ) Killer robots with artificial intelligence : 2 ) Zombies : 3 ) Natural disasters [ hurricanes , earthquakes , volcanoes , the whole Earth just freakin out ]: 4 ) Alien Invasion ( the bad kind ): 5 ) Biblical type shit with demons and angels smiting the entire human race 
I really need a vacation ... I'm thinking somewhere warm with lots of alcohol , recreational drugs , and some nice latin men in speedos rubbing me down with sensual oils .... Look out Minnesota , here I come !!!! 
Got some Girl Scout Cookies today ... looking forward to eating an entire box of thin mints in an hour ... thank you girl scouts for the diabetes .... 
Got my big toe stuck in a water bottle while dancing in my apartment naked ... how this happened , I do not know ... how it will end ??? probably wait till < PROPMALE > gets home , try to explain what happened , he looks confused , then he fixes it .. while I wait ... ice cream sundays !!!! 
I licked something today ... not quite sure what it was ... but it did taste funny .... not like a funny hahaha ... more like a cheesy/sweaty feet/woolly mammoth kind of funny taste ... And yes , I have licked a woolly mammoth ... her name was < PROPFEMALE > 
I punched myself in the boob while trying to open a jar of peanut-butter today .... F**K YOU PEANUT BUTTER .... I'm gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with jelly from now on ... he doesn't make people punch themselves in the boobs ... 
I'm bringing sexy back ... one awkward gyration at a time ! Sorry people at Barnes & < PROPMALE > , your faces said no but your eyes said \O YEAH . \"" 
On a boat all day yesterday ... then got home and ate 5000 calories in about an hour .... then passed out on the couch .... how i wish I could do this everyday for the rest of my life :-) 
tried to play pool yesterday , and my boobs kept getting in the way of my shooting .... never have i had my tits hinder my ability to break balls with a stick .... silly silly boobies ... 
Drinking beer , eating Easter < PROPFEMALE > , and watching \Arrested Development\ " all day long ... very productive ... very ... " 
I'm glad all the trees in < PROPMALE > decided to bloom at the same time ... my maroon car is now yellow ... completely yellow from all the pollen ... I hope global warming kills all the trees ... (( sneeze , cough , evil lauh , cough ))) ... I hate spring ... 
Hypothesis : Rubbing a man's balls while he sleeps stops him from snoring . Experiment #1 ( no rubbing) = snoring : Exp . #2 ( rubbing balls clockwise) = no snoring : Exp . #3 ( rubbing balls counterclockwise) = no snoring : Exp . #4 ( rubbing balls up and down) = no snoring : Exp . #5 ( bitch slapping balls hard) = yelling , crying , swearing : Conclusion : doing experiments on < PROPMALE > while he sleeps results in Aly sleeping on the couch . 
anybody know a good recipe for conc chowder ? and no responses that include the words : penis , vagina , cum salad , ball juice , donkey licker , ass whomper , or Reverend < PROPMALE > Sharpton . This is a very serious question , I need to get me some conc chowder . 
walked face first into a door today ... I forgot the difference between push and pull .... and that locked doors don't open either way ... my face hurts a little but everyone watching seemed to enjoy it ... 
Lit candles , the soothing music of Enya playing in the background , warm caramel syrup rubbed all over my naked body ... waiting for < PROPMALE > to come home and ... ANTS !!!... JESUS CHRIST THERE'S ANTS EVERYWHERE !! WHY DID I CHOOSE CARAMEL WHEN WE HAVE F***N ANTS IN THE APARTMENT !!! seriously ... not one of my better ideas 
Ate at Taco < PROPFEMALE > last week ... and hour later I sneezed and pooped my pants a little ... This week I decided to got to Whole Foods and get some organic stuff that taste like hamster food .... and I haven't shit for 3 days ... 
rolled off the sofa and hit face on the coffee table while reaching for the remote ... now I know why people tell me to wear a helmet ... it's dangerous to watch TV without protection ... 
Just did 30 minutes of matlab coding ... followed by 2 hours of playing games online ... now time for a nap ... my productivity is freakin amazing today !! 
I had a dream last night that I had sex with someone from work ... it was weird yet intriguing .. maybe i have some deep seeded < PROPFEMALE > of intimacy with someone other than Kenny ..... then I found it very awkward when I told that person my dream today ... the secretary was unamused and she told me to leave the office .... I guess I won't be getting free markers anymore .... 
my fingers smell like cucumbers ... but I didn't eat any vegtables today .... weird ? 
Is there a reason why all cleaning products smell like lemon , or some sort of fruit ? My apartment smells like a freakish fruit salad with a slight hint of chemical residual ... I think next time I clean I'll just throw a bunch of random fruit against the wall really hard ... it should give a similar result .. minus the cleaning part .... 
Plan for the night ... eat some Bojangles , masturbate , finish writing my paper , maybe masturbate again , eat ice cream , keep writing paper ... I'm starting to realize why my laptop is always sticky ... sorry NC State ... you property is gonna be returned in an undesirable condition ... HAHAHA ... I win ! 
played the question game with my advisor today ... every time he asked me a question I answered it with another .... \do you think you can finish your thesis by August ? \ " \ " Will you accept it if I right the entire thing in pink crayon ? \ " \ " Was that a serious question ? \ " \ " Would you prefer it in a coloring book motif ? \"" 
there were lightning-bugs out last night , YEY !!!!!... o ... and there were mosquitoes too ... booo !!!! 
WOW !!!! Lots of Happy Birthday Days !!! Thanks everyone , its nice to know I have so many friends ... or at least people that can read their \upcoming birthdays\ " on facebook ... YEY ME !!! " 
I was using this chemical in my lab that smells like concentrated dead fish ... so I got some on my hands and didn't realize it until I went to the post office ... at this point I realized something smelled \fishy\ " and then I smelled my hands .... followed by the outburst of \ " Woah .. it smells like I fingered a dead hooker down by the bay\ " ... once again I forget that there are people around me and I am talking out loud " 
I'm thinkn about getting some breast implants ... I want them large enough so I could suffocate people when they stick their face in them ... then I could become a famous serial killer and get a sweet name like the Endowed Executioner or the Honker Hitman or even Jugs McGee ... well maybe not the last one .... but it would still be freakn awesome ... I'd make business cards with my serial killer name on it .... 
is anyone else confused about the toilet paper commercials that has the bears ??? I have never seen a real bear grab a roll of toilet paper and go take a shit behind a tree ... I think this is considered as false advertising .... boo bear toilet paper HOORAY FLACCID PENIS !!!! that was random 
stayed all night in the lab trying to get results for a conference on Sunday ... thank god they re-finished the floors outside my lab ... I totally went Tokyo drifting in my rolly chair throughout the hallways at 3 in the morning .... the pictures I took of myself crashing into the walls will be fantastic for my \methods\ " section of my presentation ! " 
In Knoxville , TN at a conference ... so I found some weird laws they have here ... silly silly TN ... You can't shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile . \ 
Hollow logs may not be sold . \ 
Any person crippling , killing or in any way destroying a proud\ 
female dog that is running at large shall not be held liable for the\ 
damages due to such killing or destruction . 
by looking at Father's Day gifts online I have come to the conclusion that ALL fathers are alcoholics and love to golf .... and a portion of them like expensive electronics that they will never be able to figure out how to use ... 
tried to fix a piece of equipment in the lab ... when I was done , I realized that I had screwed part of my shirt to the machine ... this was followed by me dropping the only tool that could free me ... I finally freed myself by taking off my shirt ... as my luck would have it the janitor walked in to clean the floor at this very moment ... to alleviate the awkwardness I said \THE MACHINE TRIED TO EAT ME\ " ... smooth recovery " 
To all of you fertile men who found a woman that would willingly accept your DNA ... HAPPY FATHERS DAY you handsome devils you ..... 
Who the hell is < PROPFIRST > Bieber and why is there such a controversy over a coochy shot of Miley < PROPMALE > being considered child pornography ? And what the fuck is so cool about vampires ? I just don't understand kids these days ... maybe I should go back to huffing paint , then everything would make sense again .... 
< PROPMALE > broke up with me ..... this is one very sad panda .... 
my mommas came to visit this weekend ... YEY !!!! it's a shame it was 100 degrees with 90% humidity the whole time , and my car didn't have AC .... but she took it like a trooper .... YEY MOMMAS !!!! 
I saw a cop pull over someone in smart car ... no lie ... a freakin smart car ... I was laughing so hard I almost peed my pants ... 
Conversation with advisor today : Him-Do you know the error on the satellite ? Me-I know the percent error is about 40% . Him-Percent error is misleading . I want uncertainty . Me-I saw something with a number followed by a sigma , is that uncertainty ? Him-I want sigma . Me-How about 12 . Him-R u making up < PROPFIRST > ? Me-Yes . I don't even remember what we were talking about . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Goldbloom and Will Smith from saving our planet from invading Aliens on the Forth of July sometime in the 90s .... this is truly our Independence Day !!! 
who thought it was a good idea to shut off the AC in my building over the 3 day weekend ? don't they understand that grad students still work on holidays .... 95 degrees in my lab ... 92 degrees outside ... thank you NC State for being cheap bastards 
95 degrees in my lab . This saving energy shit is making my ass all wet and sticky .... ewwwww ..... swamp-ass 
got a weird craving for some sloppy joes .... mmmm .... so sloppy yet so satisfying .... the same way I like my men ... ummm ... yeah 
A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry . 
thank god for Lifetime movies on Hulu ... watching women get beaten , raped , molested , objectified , abused , and ignored by the evil race of \MEN\ " makes my life in the lab not seem so bad ... thank you ridiculous story plots and poor acting .... thank you " 
Worked Monday to Thursday morning straight ... slept Thursday to Friday morning straight ... now another game of \how much coffee can you consume before you have no more stomach lining left ? \ " until Sunday ... this is why people are given more than 1 month to write their thesis ... " 
who the hell keeps turning off the AC in the building !!!! I think it's that damn AC troll that lives in the basement ... I answered his 3 riddles correct and yet he still denies me cool air ... ok basement troll , i'll play your game .... Why did Raggedy < PROPFEMALE > get thrown out of the toy box ? 
blueberry bagel , creamcheese and a sweet tea .... crying on the inside because it wasn't a cinnamon raisin bagel ... damn you Bruegers !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Rivers ' vagina is on my mind .... 
thinking about getting a hair cut and getting some sweet bang action going on in the front .... not sure if this is the right move .... maybe chop everything off and keep it short and curly .... decisions decisions 
Looked at the weather forecast from NWS ... the forecast for Thursday was \HOT\ " .... really ?? HOT ??? is that as good as government meteorologists are ??? " 
I've decided that I am going to take a break and get wasted Friday night ... it would be nice to do it with other people(((if anyone is interested ))) .... but I'm also ok with getting drunk alone in my apartment , getting naked , and singing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > songs until I pass out .... 
things went surprisingly well today ... looks like I will be getting a degree after all .... and I wasn't called an idiot or inefficient or lazy once ... hmmmm .... weird ... this is starting to freak me out ... 
fuck you Excel ... I'll make my scatter plot however I damn well please ... and if you won ; t give the trend line I want ... than I'll just photo-shop it in .... how you like them apples bitch ??? 
I am taking a vow of silence today .. instead , I will be communicating solely by interpretive dace ((( left arm swing , right leg kick , crouch down , 3 jumping jacks , and pose )) TRANSLATION : the cheese in my sandwich is moldy 
the sky is dark , it's thundering and lightning , BUT NO RAIN !!! what the hell weather ?? its like when your partner pre-maturely ejaculates in your face during great sex ... i'm left unsatisfied and have no water to wash my face off with ... boo the weather 
ate like 1 lb . of asparagus for dinner ... I can't wait to see how bad my pee smells tomorrow ... i hope it will be an epic piss !!! 
had a frozen french-bread pizza , tater-tots and a salad last night for dinner .... it felt slightly reminiscent of high-school cafeteria food ..... minus the green Jello 
riding a bicycle is not the same thing as driving a car .... SO STOP RIDING ON THE FREAKIN ROAD .... you have a perfectly good sidewalk to use , and if you use it I promise not to drive up behind you , honk the horn , and yell obscenities while I have to go 10 mph behind you 
my night consists of 3 ' P's ... perogies , packing and porn .... maybe not in that order 
getting my new house organized in Charlotte ... YEY NEW THINGS !!!! 
trying to find motivation .... it seems to have been missing for awhile ... i'm thinking about starting a search party ... 
homemade bread with homemade blueberry jam .... mmmm .... delicious 
laying in bed , drinking coffee , watching movies and writing my thesis .... this is my schedule until November ... 
so I'm thinking about getting in on this \book burning\ " business because all the cool kids seem to be doing it ... the first book I choose to burn is \ " Everybody Poops\ " ... i strongly disagree with its underlying message of communism .... followed by \ " The Giving Tree\ " because I hate anthropomorphisms " 
naked Yoga has become my favorite part of the day .... and apologies to the neighbors , I promise to by curtains soon 
< PROPMALE > came home from work and showed me a picture on his phone of an epic shit he took today ... i must say that I was impressed .... 
watching \The Hot Chick\ " with < PROPMALE > Schneider while trying to calculate the statistical uncertainty of my scientific method i used form my thesis research ... my day is packed full of awesomeness " 
getting my new couch today .... YEY FOR MY BUTT !!!! 
i watched the View this morning ( why ? i do not know ) ... it was like chickens sqwaking all at one time ... my ears started to bleed 
Reply from advisor on draft 3 of my paper : 1 . it is surprisingly well written ! if you write the rest of your thesis the same way I will not have not much to correct , 2 . I like your explanations ( typically students find it very hard to explain figures ) and your thoughtful replies to my comments\ 
overall well done !..... ((( compliment to criticism ratio 2:635 ... things are looking up ! ))) 
it is official ... the GC is broken ... time to call the professionals instead of me hitting it with a hammer .... 
1.21 gigawatts ???? 1.21 GIGAWATTS ????? Great < PROPFIRST > ! 
my tootsies are SOOOOO COOOOOLD !!!! and wet ... and very not happy 
last day in Raleigh ... can't wait to see my boy ! I hope he didn't starve this week without me ... i promise to make some delicious meals this week ... 
woke up to 50 degrees outside today ... my snake and I are not amused weather .... fix urself now 
i turned the heat on in the house today .... its a comfortable 70 degrees instead of 62 .... don't tell < PROPMALE > , he'll scold me on my frivolous spending on utilities .... ((( but my tootsies are wonderfully warm )) 
thinking about starting glass blowing .... i like glass and I like to blow ... it seemed like the right decision 
Thesis writing is eating away at my soul ... and that's all I have to say about that 
ME-I need something to post on my wall ... any ideas ? TIM-Any food items you haven't talked about dousing your self in ? ME-hmmmm .... Velveeta ? TIM-Nah , cheese whiz . Supposedly cheese whiz and oreo cookies together tastes like chocolate cheese cake . I have yet to verify this . 
sleepy and unmotivated ..... i think it's time i switch from coffee to heroine .... cuz Folgers just isn't doing the trick anymore 
late night phone calls with my advisor are awesome .... nothing like getting a to-do list at 11:00 at night ... but i did laugh when he said that I will piss off all the European researches with the conclusion of my paper , and that i might want to say that they are wrong in a nicer way ... haha 
dear Microsoft Excel .... when i copy and paste a chart into a new sheet , i think you should automatically know to use the data from where i pasted you ... why do you make me re-select every time ? do you think i want 40 different copies of the same figure ? i think not ... fix yourself you silly goose ... 
it is totally cold enough to wear my footsie pajamas .... o yeah baby ... its F$#%n footsie pajama time ... you know you like ... you know you're jealous ... cuz i got my footsie pajama's on !!! 
i got 2 bottles of wine today and have been drinking since 11:00 am while writing my thesis .... talk about some sloppy figures ... (( 3 days till due date )) 
i searched for pictures of Rainbow Bright to get ideas for a Halloween costume ... and about three rows down was a picture of a guy licking another man's butt .... next time i search for cartoon pictures i'll make sure my \safe search\ " is on .... weird Google " 
What do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common ? \ 
\ 
They can both smell it but can't eat it ? HA ! 
why do people posts pictures of food on Facebook ? am i missing something or do we all know what food looks like ? 
THESIS IS SUBMITTED !!!! 4 more days until defense .... 
just spent like 30 minutes looking at everybody's Halloween costume pictures ... 
UNCONDITIONAL PASS !!!! that's right , I officially passed my defense and am graduating in December .... and who said you couldn't do all the research and thesis write-up in 4 months ? 
the new Kinect for Xbox is totally SWEEEEET !!! played Dance Central with < PROPMALE > last night and I totally kicked his ass ... some more training and I could be a professional hip-hop dancer ... 
schedule for today : watch Jersey Shore ALL DAY LONG , eat some food , and maybe get some work done .... o , and masturbate , can't forget to do that 
thoughts and prayers to family and friends of all those killed in the FIT plane crash ... 
watching \New York Minute\ " with the Olsen twins ... looks like its gonna be another productive day " 
sooo .... Bristol Palin was NOT voted off \Dancing With the Stars\ " .... starting to think that the apocalypse is going to happen sooner then later .... why did I even start watching this show ? " 
watching \Human Centipede\ " while finishing up my thesis edits .... this is one messed up movie " 
epic conversation from < PROPMALE > at dinner tonight : ME-\I can't understand how anyone could not like pizza\ " KENNY -\" Jewish people . And its ironic because its so cheap to make\ " ..... this is why I love this man " 
It was a successful Thanksgiving .... pumpkin pie for breakfast followed by a turkey sandwich for lunch .... 
got my hand caught in my mixer .... I don't think blood and skin is consider as seasoning .... at least it added some color to my pasta dough !!! 
damn ... 45 minutes on Failblog .... looks like I'm not gonna get around to curing cancer and lupus today .... 
ooooo .... we might get snow tomorrow night .... ooooo ..... EXCITED !!! 
snow forecast downgraded to crappy rain .... BOOOO .... but looking forward to 60 degree weather in San < PROPFIRST > for next week .... YAY TRAVEL !!! 
on my way to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ... followed by a week on San Fran ... then back to < PROPMALE > , 3 hour drive to Charlotte ... pick up my besty < PROPFIRST > and then on to PA .... all in two days .... o yeah .... is it weird that I'm looking forward to getting felt up by TSA officials ..... mmm ... merry X-mas to me ... 
3 hours of science followed by Fisherman's Wharf , Ghirardelli Square , Alcatraz , and the < PROPFEMALE > Gate Bridge ..... sorry AGU conference , I found funner things to do then learn today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus- touching children worldwide since 1836 .... 
Got lost in the Target parking lot today ... thanks Berks County for making even the simplest task frustrating .... this is why I choose to live in the south 
I call my vagina < PROPMALE > Ford ... “YAHOOOOO ! You're all clear , kid . Now let's blow this thing and go home . ” (( quote as < PROPFEMALE > Solo ) 
in case anyone was worried .... i found a place online to watch the new Jersey shore episodes .... just because i don't have cable doesn't mean i have to live in a world of sensible arguments , responsible decisions and conservative dance moves .... now if you will excuse me , it's T-shirt time .... 
Just watched \Johnny Mnemonic\ " and now watching \ " Death to Smoochy\ " .... I feel both movies are highly under appreciated for their value .... " 
OMG OMG !!! The Jersey Shore is going to Italy for the next season ..... i'm so stupidly excited that I realized that I need to find something more important in my life besides television .... i'm thinking either Internet porn or alcohol addiction ... or maybe get a new pet 
What is the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease ? \ 
One is a cunning runt , and the other is a running cunt 
Dear giant squirrels living in my backyard .... Please stop pooping on my back porch . If this problem does not get resolved I will be forced to climb a tree , find ur nest and drop a deuce in it .... This would be very awkward for both of us ... \ 
Thank you , Aly 
can't sleep .... so I just watched funny cat videos fro 3 hours .... my life is sad 
Deposited a check at the bank today and received a lollipop in the suction tube carrier from the teller without asking for one .... then I got really excited .... :: TELLER : Have a nice day ! ME : A lollipop ! O my god , you just made this the best day ever ! TELLER : That's the kind of service we offer here at Wachovia . ME : You're freakin ' awesome ! (( true story )) 
ooooo ... so mad right now .... just got another revision back on a paper i've been working on for the past year ..... aaaannnnddd my advisor deleted about 10 pages and 5 figures of my hard work ..... and this is why I am not getting my PhD .... screw learning 
made a full dago meal for man ... including tarimisu from scratch .... Happy Valentines Day !!!! here's hoping everyone gets laid tonight ..... o yeah 
It's been a really long time since I actually posted a status on Facebook .... soooo ... ummm ..... yeah ..... I would totally go lesbian for < PROPFEMALE > Mendez ! 
I sat weird all day and now my butt hurts .... i'll give $20 to anyone who wants to rub it .... and half a meatball sub 
I ran out of bread so I made my peanut butter and jelly sandwich out of two waffles ... best decision I ever made .... 
I took my shoes off in the car today .... now my car smells like cheese and corn chips .... seriously , my feet stank-e-ness made me gag at least twice on the ride home .... it was almost as bad as having the heat on in the car and farting .... almost that bad .... 
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL VAGINA DAY !!!! Have you put your face in a pair of breasts today ? I know have .... to show your appreciation for all the sexy ladies around the world bitch at a man for doing something wrong or buy lots of shoes .... 
OMG OMG !!!! Battle Los < PROPFEMALE > was FREAKIN SWEET !!!! I am so pumped for an alien apocalypse right now ..... o yeah 
A new baby joke that I was not privy too .... AMAZING ::: \ 
How are babies and the elderly alike ? \ 
Both are fun to throw out of moving cars . 
This morning , I told my boss he looked like Nemo with his redish/orange and white striped shit on .... not sure if calling the person who signs your paychecks a clown fish is appropriate .... hoping for an HR call and maybe a \Respect Others\ " video on Monday " 
WORST MOMENT EVER ::: today I went to the mall to get some new shirts .... then as I was walking I was tapped on the shoulder ... I turned around and it was a a person dressed in a giant rabbit costume ... I proceeded to scream and then turned to run ... in my path of frantic-ness was a poor teenage boy selling cell phones at a kiosk whom I then tackled .... it was a pretty epic moment in my book 
