Your world rejects my kind , those words have lost their touch , this place has lost it's mind , now I wanna burn it up ! 

Christmas a time to spend joyfully with family . Also , a time of loss and theft . 
Fuck the plan . Just do it . 
And he raises victorious , the crowd is in awe . Looking up he gives them all a dual finger salute . To hell with you all , to hell with me . 
You are making two mistakes . First you are assuming I value other peoples lives more than my own . Second , you are assuming I value my own life . 
Fear is the enemy . Evoke fear into a friend and you become the enemy . 
\ ... either God doesn't exist or he is unimaginably cruel ... \ " -House " 
-.- I don't know any of you people I have on here really . Even if you are just for VW drop a message so I can actaully have someone to talk to on this thing . 
Few things in this world mean anything to me , the things that do mean everything . I love you Kourtni Savoie 
What's better being gone or being half there ? Now place a person into that . You want someone but they do not want you and never will . Should you keep them around or let them go ? Rip a wound open or stitch it shut and let it heal ? 
The difference is why . 
Would you tell me the truth without me asking or wait till my paranoia gets the best of me ? 
A reason for life is all I ever wanted , and it has been given to me . I've fucked it up a few times . Give me one last go so that I can use all I know . 
It's become official :) After so many days and hell years honestly , < PROPMALE > Jacobs ( Me ) and Kourtni Savoie <3 Whooot Love ya baby 
As we sit here tonight your arms around my sides , I look into your eyes and all I see is my future . All I can think of is how much I want to be with you . Though I know you do not like this word I hope it to be true , forever me and you . 
Got my hair thinned and evened ... I hate it . I want to bleed the hairstylist ... 
I'm hating the new cut even more when it's wet .... Why did I actually go through with it . >.< 
Going out , gotta at least try to make something worth doing ... just as long as I don't think about my damned head . <3 you Kourt-Kourt . 
The coming of Summer has left me feeling unmotivated , lazy , and miserable . I no longer feel the < PROPFEMALE > to do anything . I feel the < PROPFEMALE > to have the < PROPFEMALE > to do something . When I do I don't bother because I don't want to do it . WTF ? 
It comes and it goes , the boats floats then sinks , relationships of all kinds start and change but they never end . Even if it would be for the better , I can not help but love you forever . 
Why do you poke at my heart with a broken stick like a sick child on the elementary playground ? 
Kourtni , no matter what . I'm sorry for whatever I did . I do love you and I mean forever wether or not you do . 
Pull the wings off a fly , Watch it suffer and die , And I'll never get out of this life alive , Drenched in blood with no alibi , And the crowd goes wild at my demise . 
Why do we never give in , never give up , and never quit when it's stated in bold words that the struggle is pointless and we will never get what we want ? 
There is nothing you can't be if you want it enough . 
If you can wait till i get home , i swear we can make this work . 
'' I live my life in misery , I'd sacrifice this world to hold you '' Say Goodbye - Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > 
Thinking about going back to my Hawk . 
I hate waking up on mornings that I am off thinking I have to go to work soon . 
2 and 2 is 89 backwords and flipped 270 degrees with a marshmallow hanging out of the ass of the number 1 . 
No more blessings . No more mercy . No more salt . No more light in my dark corners . Let this end . Please . - Durzo Blint ( Night Angel trilogy ) 
'' Gimme gimme bloodshed , gimme gimme hell yeah , gimme gimme bloodshed , oh yeah . '' - Wednesday 13 
Ignorance can really be bliss for people that never see . It's after you see that it can kill you . 
Through out this I will only ask one thing , as hard as it may seem . Leave your love , leave your life , leave it in my hands . 
I've has a taste , can't be saved , I'm a junkie for life . She fuels my fire and adreniline . - Hell yeah by Rev theory . <3 you Kourt . 
Throw potato at car , instant mashed patotos . 
A wolf can be a wolfhound , but he will never be a lap dog . 
'' Heads we will , tails we'll try again . '' < PROPMALE > and Santanna's Why Don't You and I . 
Headin out people . Going to D-burg and try to enjoy this week off of work . And exit song , Shadowchild by Soilwork . 
My eyes are closed cause I am waiting for your touch , my heart has a crack form where you caused it to bust . And as I sit here alone , I won't bitch and moan . One day I won't be feared and I will accept you with tears . 
Dip shit trailer park is next to a wifi spot Whooo ! It's all fun and games till the first < PROPMALE > hits . >.< 
I'm sick of the pain that I cause to you , and tired of the reopened wounds . Forgive me for the bloodshed , and all the broken bones . I didn't mean to toy , or cause you so much pain . Forgive me one last time Savoie . 
The thing no one seems to realize is that happiness always fails . But that's when you have to find the good in the worst things . Beauty in the Darkness . Otherwise every time something bad happens it will kill you , one part at a time . 
One can not refrain from attaching himself to people or desires and expect to truly live . 
If one does not attach himself to people and desires , never shall his heart be broken ... But then , does he ever truly live ? I'd rather die a mortal , with a care for someone , than to live as an immortal free from his death . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > from the Forbidden Kingdom 
Positive thinking and positive ACTION , tthe only way to succeed in this life . A lesson < PROPMALE > Levay , Satanic Bible . 
Woot been given a new nickname , Stitch . I cause chaos and mayhem whenever it doesn't follow me . PLus friend all think I am random and primal like he is . xD Love it , I think it fits . 
Boredom . 
Old memories fuck new futures over . 
There is a difference between Satanism and Lucifer-ism . As Levay Satanist we do not worship a mythological \Satan\ " or devil . It is a religion which worships the self and places mankind in high regards . Get it right . " 
< PROPMALE > , do not leave your Facebook open . I am going to update your status . XD Damn . I love doing this . I did this to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and now you . Feel honored . Hmmm . I like ham sammiches . MY NAME IS < PROPMALE > . XD I LOVE YOU BRO , NO HOMO . Sincerely yours , < PROPMALE > . :3 
Oh , you were just here a few minutes ago , but I miss you already . No homo . MO COFFEE TOMORROW , BAWS ?! Sincerely yours , < PROPMALE > . 
