I'm new to facebook so I don't have much on here yet but I just spent like three hours figureing things out . Sort of . . . I still don't have any pictures on here , nor any to put up yet , but I'm working on it . 

Soooo bored . . . 20 days until Band Camp . 20 days until my summer is over . And I can't wait ! 
19 days . . . Just found out < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 comes out in November !! 
Color Guard today . . . Still no pictures . I'll have some soon . . . Maybe . . . 
I'm 5 ' 6\ now !!!! I can't decide whether I should be happy or upset about this . But in your face short people ! Jk " 
I've been sick all day :( I've had a fever and a headache . Grrrr , I don't like being sick . 
I got my registration info today ! I can't wait for high school !! 
Dude ! Just found these cute shorts from Forever 21 online for only 6 \ 
bucks !!!! Don't you just love a good deal ? 
Got back from my cousin's about an hour ago . I soon remembered how bad I am at volleyball , even worse in the pool ! 
I think our family computer is gone . I'm pretty sure has virus and its really old so i guess it's about time but really sad cause if it dies before I get my documents I loose all my work . :( 
So I got bigger crickets for my frogs . I thought it would help my one eyed frog see better , I named him Froggy in like 5th grade . Well he ended up biting and wrestleing with one of my other frogs , I named him Hoppy a little later , which didn't hurt him considering they have no teeth , but it was hillarious to watch . So it didn't work and now the crickets are cripping like crazy . I'm not gonna get any sleep tonight . 
My mom bought me this giant thermos thing for Band Camp . 0_0 Its kinda ridiculously sized . But I think it'll help considering it'll be about 105 degrees in humid weather making me three times as thristy and sweat three times as likely . Yay ! Still , I'm looking forward to it . 
Uhhhhhhhhh . . . I'm so board today ! 
As bordom sets in the Paulson Mannor , the young girl aimlessly surfs the web as she tries to figure out what to do and cure her self of the vicious disease . 
Should I use an actual picture of me as my profile pic ? 
enjoyed chillin with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Is there such a thing as too ambitious ? I've been practicing rifle really hard as of late ( I really want to be on weapon line ) and now I'm paying for it in bruises . I'm not aloud to practice anymore for the rest of the weekend . I guess all I'll have to do is stretch . 
Funny , I've been begging time to speed up all summer , yet now I kinda wish it would slow down . Sigh 
And so the torture begins 
I hate marching !!! 
Ok , Band Camp today was much better . I still don't like marching much . 
Ok , marching isn't so bad anymore , but today was really hot outside !! 
Today was such good day at Band Camp . Not positive why , but I had fun ! Can't believe its almost over . 
Yesterdays band camp was good . I'll be sad when its all over , but that just means school will start soon !! I have three days until my last day of Band Camp . Time , will you hurry up already !!?? 
Got my hair cut today ( I didn't dye it , for once ) . I love my stylist . She reads my mind sometimes . Its not much different I didn't want it to be , but it really looks so much better . I liked it all over grown so she only took off an inch and cut it all choppy style . I like it :) 
Sounds like somebody's got a case of the Monday's 
Stupid ! The messed up my scheduel and now I have to go get it fixed tomarrow . Oy ! 
Getting rid of that whole waiting in line thing just made today so much better . 
Car Wash for LSHS Band & Pagentry this Saturday at FarmerBoys on Pierce . We'll be there from 8am - 12pm . Cars are $5 and Trucks or SUVs are $8 . We could really use your support ! 
I'm 14 ! And Car Wash today ! ( Please see previous post ) We'd really apprciate your support ! 
Remember : Frosting is nice on the skin , but bad on the hair :) 
Thanks to everyone who said happy birthday !! 
enjoyed eating < PROPFEMALE>'s cupcakes ! 
wishes the guidance consulars weren't so stupid 
wants to kill the sun . 
Thank god its Friday 
I can honestly say I enjoy studying . . . . . . French ! 
I love money . If only I could always have you . 
No alarm clock ! Shut up ! It can't be morning yet , I'm not done sleeping ! 
I can't wait until Sunday ! Nutcracker auditions !! 
I have Nutcracker Auditions in a couple hours ! I'm a little nervous , but very excited ! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh . . . Good day . I don't know why , but it was . 
I really like the routine < PROPFEMALE>'s teaching us for foot ball games . I really appriciate all her hard work . Without her we wouldn't have anything . Plus , it's gonna look awesome when we do it with the Band's music . Avatar !!! 
Yay ! Officially in Nutcracker !! 
Ballet was great today ! It felt good getting a nice work out ! ( No matter how badly I did on that one combination ! ) 
Whoo ! I'm on weapon line ! Plus , call backs tonight ! 
Great , can't go to 7th and no plans for weekend . Uhhhh ! I'm gonna be so bored . 
Grr I probably shouldn't have skipped out on getting new pointe shoes :( But ! Word of the day : Snazzy ! 
Don't Blink ! They won't even miss you at all ! 
Why do sing to everybody but me ? Why do I let it go on ? You know that you've got such a music-like song in my head all day long ! 
Grrr Bored !!! 
LSHS Band is having a fundrasier at First Class Pizza at Riverwalk !! 10% of all purchases between 5 and 9pm will go twords supporting the band ! We'd really appriciate any help we can get ! 
Jeez , so many people are getting sick lately . Stop getting sick !! 
Ballet today was awesome ! But still no word on my part in Nutcracker :( . I HAVE to know tomarrow though ! Most of today was kinda suckish , though . I was being kinda of a brat for most of it . My sincerist apologies . :/ 
Shut up , stupid alarm clock ! Now if you'd excuse me I was in the middle of something with my pillow , and it misses me so I must return to it ! 
Found out what I am in Nutcracker ! I'm a Courtier ! :) I have absolutely no idea what I'm gonna be doing ! Hopefully I'll find out a little more on Saturday ! 
Uhh , tired . . . I was up until after midnight cause of the game . I don't like football , at all . But still , it was fun . 
You must use the Force !! 
If aliens flew down to our planet in flying saucers from outerspace , would they take over the planet and suck out our brains , or just ask to use our communication devices to find their way back ?? These are the questions . . . 
I'm bored ! I want to see Devil ! It looks trippy ! 
Loveing Panic ! At the Disco right now ! 
Oddly enough , I don't think I like late start days 
If boredom was a person it wouldn't have any friends 
Hmm , should I dye my hair ?? 
Man I love the Office ! 
Whoa . Totally creeping myself out . Walked by a mirror and thought someone was behind me when , oh wait it's just myself . Haha I'm still not used to the awesome hair ! 
My hair is already fading ! Grrrr 
Stupid French ... I love French though !... But it's so dumb sometimes ! The work I mean not the language 
My sister is sooo pretty ! Watch out < PROPFIRST > ! Hehe He's gonna loose his socks 
Ihhh stomach feels icky . . . 
I love just looking through my friends and picking which one's have the weirdest profile pictures . I think < PROPMALE > definately wins today ! I just don't know how to respond to that one . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > bored right now .. But later I have Nutcracker Rehersel so yay ! 
Football game tonight ! Downside , I can't go to rehersel tonight :( 
The game last night was good . We were there until like 11 . I was falling asleep waiting for the buses , no joke . 
Try ! You can only try and say you can't like < PROPFEMALE > Wars and < PROPFEMALE > Trek ! Just try ! 
I offically hate it when people use fake names on there facebook . 
I'm gonna start likeing every status I see that says something emo . People are annoying today man , I think I'm even annoying myself ! 
Yep definately going to like every emo status . 
Going to the play tonight ! 
Is it weird that I forgot about Halloween ?? 
Dear lord , please give me strength to finish this semester peacefully . My sanity depends on it . 
Tired ... But I don't want to go to bed yet ... 
Ok , I admit it . I was freaking out about tomarrow's game performance . But now , I don't care what anyone , and I mean anyone , says about how crappy my parts might turn out to be . I'm gonna kick some serious butt tomarrow . I will rock that feild as hard as physically possible . I'm gonna be amazing in my mind , no matter how ridiculous you might think I look . Aww dang it , I had a moment on facebook . lol 
Bah !!! So excited ! So nervous ! But I'm convincing myself to be more excited then nervous ... And getting hyped up on caffine ... I'm really very tired right now , but apparently some people like me better when I am ?? I'm gonna kick some butt tonight at the game !! Whoo ! 
When I get bored , I harrass people I harrass people on facebook . What do you do ? 
When I get bored , I harrass people on facebook . What do you do ? 
Comtemplating whether I want to wear my new adorable skirt tomarrow . Is anyone else getting as thrown off by the time change as I am ?? 
Like omg she did not just do that ! Like so like not cool , haha love you twin ! 
Sooo .. Anyone else bored ?? 
Oh yea ! My friends post reminded me . I finished reading < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief . Great , great book . Really liked it a lot . You should all go to Barnes & < PROPMALE > ( or whatever book store you go to ) and get . You'll like it 
I don't really get girls sometimes , which is sad , considering I am one , haha ... Some of my friends ... 
I am the procrastination < PROPFEMALE > right here . Just finished printing and cutting out all the pictures for it . I have the Labels printed to . I just need to glue them down , and write a quick speech . The speech is easy considering it's California ! 
So apparently some people think I don't talk very much on facebook , ( or in real life , but I know that's true ) .. 
Wouldn't it be awesome if drama did Grease for their next production ? 
Ok , I'm totally sick of this whole \what's up\ " thing " 
That feeling when your cleaning your room and you find an old stash of cash .. Yea , it's awesome 
feels ultra mod with her new glasses ! 
I totally called the most perfect couple getting together !! You know who you are ! 
Why are all the radio stations already playing Christmas music !?!? Thanksgiving hasn't even passed yet !! Come on , really !? 
Dude , my sister is a legal adult now .. Where did the time go ?? 
I'm begining to realize how incredibley nieve all we teenagers can be . 
One word : Pancakes . That is all . 
In your faces , I get to go on a feild trip tomarrow ! 
I feel so oppurtunistic today ! 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > song stuck in my head ? I mean really ! Come on , brain . Couldn't you have picked a more annoying song ?? 
You know , nobody's online at 4 in the morning 
... 
I have nothing to post about at the moment , please leave a message after the beep . \ 
BEEP 
Drama Reading Audition tomarrow ! Don't ask me what I'm auditioning for . For the millionth time I will say , I DON'T KNOW ! 
So I'm bored .. 
When life gives you lemons - wait a minute I don't want lemons ! Go away you idiots ! I want some apples ! 
Went shopping with my sister . I picked my Christmas present ! Sooo cute . Also bought this adorable knit material , thick striped dress . Loove it ! There goes my cash ' til Christmas , ah well - that's life . I love that trend and finally found one with a suitable neck ! 
Ahhhh ... Pancakes . I love Pancakes . Everyone should eat Pancakes . 
Bah ! School tomarrow . And Drama Dance Auditions ! 
That kind of a shock you feel when you realize you might have missed having certain people as friends . 
Arg ! Singing Audition in a couple hours ! Yikes ! 
Yesssssssssss ! I did awesome ! Apparently my song was actually very hard to sing , according to Mr. Rusich , buuuuuuttttt he also told me I hit the notes perfectly !!! I'm so freaken excited for tomarrow now !!! Dying with anticipation !! 
My life never wants to agree with itself . 
I'm really glad I made it into the play ! I'm excited for Winter Guard as well ! 
You know , about a year ago , I used to say I liked the cold and the rain . Now adays , I absolutely loath it . It can be cold and about to rain , that's fine , it can even sprinkle . But it cannot rain like this . Almost rain , but not actual rain . I rather drown in sweat the drown in this rain . 
Does anyone still remember the version of < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and the Asian < PROPMALE > ? I used to love that movie when I was little , better then the origanal even . I want to watch it again . . . 
I will figure out how sing \Once Upon A Dream\ " from Sleeping Beauty ! " 
People literally great me just to say my name . 
I just realized I have an odd habit : I frequently agree with people just so I don't have to explain myself . 
My sister gets mad when I correct her lyrics . 
I want it nnooowwwww ...... 
Christmas tomarrow ! I hope you all have a good holiday ! 
Gonna get my laptop fixed tomarrow , probably , if I don't change my mind by then . Errrrrrrgggggg I need a job or something . 
Great . . . My throat is literally purple and my docter is off for the holidays . Great , just peachy ! 
Yay ! Medicine ! 24 hours and I will no longer be contagious ! Then I can FINALLY practice ! 
They can fix my laptop ! It's a miricle ! 
Je deteste la pluie de toutes mes forces !! Il n'est pas bon ! 
Wow first time I've been on facebook on my laptop !! It's fixed !! I'm complete ! Yesssssss !!! It's great to have it back ! 
Oh my god , 53 updates ?? 
I've felt so off the last few days , grr ! What's with this ? 
There's so much I could post , but I think to myself , does anyone really cares , if I feel sad , or happy , or stressed , or enjoying the delicious flavors of Pancakes ? Somehow , besides my close friends and family , I doubt that . It seems like we all post things to get pity or attention to me now(I won't lie , I've done it myself ) . Personally , I think this is a bit of a sad way to achieve it . 
Ehem ehehEM EM EhchEM EH EM Hello ? How many times do I have to fake cough before I get your attention ? Oh , you hear me now ? Well , never mind , I forgot what I was gonna say . 
I learned today that they sell coffins at Costco ! 
Oh my sweet god . It was so simple ! And I couldn't figure it out . . . Just so you know I am now online wirelessly ! I'm sure you all were just dying to know ! 
Everytime I get up and get ready to be perfectly on time to school , I find out , oh yea , it's late start -_- 
Either way , I'm still a < PROPFIRST > ! Rawr ! 
Blehhh school tomarrow 
Yea , I just bought the Grease CD ! Worth every < PROPFEMALE > . It's Greased Lightning ! 
What up with people making their whole lives soap operas that got canceled because they're so ridiculous ? Really , your lives could be just as chill and normal as the rest of ours , your the only one who's still acting for it . 
Ahhh ... I love Bacon&I love Pancakes . So cool they get capitalized . Guess whatI'm haveing for dinner 
Should I do Business Academy next year ?? 
Internet radio makes me listen to stuff I'd never thought I'd like . But I still don't like most of country no matter what . 
The Super Bowl is like a citizen declared , unofficial holiday . 
Glee's not as snazzy as people make it out to be . 
BAAHHHH ! My jealousy only grows for all you stinken Disneyland goers !! 
I accidentally left facebook open on my laptop for like 2 days straight . 
Bah ! I have to keep my grades up . Just keep at it , < PROPFIRST > . Everything will work out . Oh , and only I'm allowed to call me , and certain people . . . And yes , I frequently talk to myself . . . Curse my lazy self !! Why didn't I just do this when they gave it to me !!?? 
Why am I still awake again ? 
So excited to be performing today ! 
Yay ! Grey says we're marching next year 
You have to take time for yourself before you can take time for anyone else . 
Under pressure ! I never get nervous except when I know my people are watching , tonight being my family . . I know they have to love it ! 
Nobody can walk all over me , or anyone in my care . The accomplished feelings I've felt lately . . I don't care who reads this and I know it sounds a little conceited , but I'm proud of myself for ALL I've done lately that is out of my ordinary . 
I'm in an odd mood . I need to be on my A game today though 
I miss doing the play already :/ . . Ah well , time to focus on guard and school and stuff . . . I guess . . . 
Yea , being in a horror film would be awesome . 
Hmm . . . mental list of things to do #68 : Take new profile picture . \ 
#69 : Use magic abilities to poof up a million dollars . \ 
Hmm . . . I think I'll work backwards . 
Yeeaaaa , I think I'm gonna switch my French project to a reasearch project . Darn procrastinator's habits . I guess I should start at it , even though that should give me a little more time . 
