Bonfire tonight . BYOB . 

happy summer everyone 
Were goin till the world stops turning while we burn it to the ground tonight . 
everyone was some kinda < PROPFEMALE > when we went out last night . 
Floated down the river all day . 
Damn it feels good to be a redneck . 
just got back from riding quads , sore as hell . thank God for vicodin :) 
fixing ignition , door pannels , 2 batteries and 2 alternaters . if anyone's got an extra cb attena i could use hit me up 
do you think when they asked < PROPFIRST > Washington for his i.d. he'd just take out a quarter ? 
got a p.a. installed in his truck 
brake job , fun . 
just got a 4 wheel drive 
3 men in a tub , rub a dub dub . . . ya thats a sick little one isn't it ? 
fuck the ducks , fuck the beavers , go sooners ! 
64-0 baby ! 
blazer is ready for the road . 
2 goose eggs in a row baby ! 
so in one football game we've got a double interception for a incomplete pass as well as a quarterback sack for a touchdown . . . 
switched phones , need < PROPFIRST > 
leaving town adios mother fuckers . 
what would city slickers do without us country folk ? :) 
Stuck in the rut stuck in this town stuck in a job thats keepin me down . 
whoever thought up of puppy love is a sick son of a bitch . . . 
I need a chew . . . 
8 more months :-) 
Are unplanned children still created through selective breeding ? 
horray for metabolism :) 
anyone know what a rhetorical analysis is ? 
What if the world was made out of other worlds combined into a world just like the world you started with ? 
anyone up for some call of duty ? 
not only do i get to work inside tommorow , i also get to weld :) 
Work is going to kick so much ass tommorow :) probably the easiest day anyone could ask for at a job . 
I was trained to properly use a ladder today . . . hahaha 
Come Friday night my friends I start peelin off them labels . Workin hard all week , put some beer on the table . 
poker on saturday if anyone is interested 
weird thinking the Y2K scare was a decade ago already . . . 
Owned it one day and already pulling trucks out with the 4runner . . . 
taking the woman on a date . 
new phone , gotta love the 5.1 megapixel camera . . . 
The day they come out with eggs and bacon flavored chew is the day i will no longer need a spitter . . . . 
runnng out of projects to do . . . 
recent studies show that foldgers home brewed coffee is one billion times more manly than starbucks or dutch brothers . 
going to the dunes 
waking up at 4 again . 
Technology . . . we don't even use paper anymore . Before you know it we'll be wiping our asses with iphones . 
Saw someone get hit with a truck today . Pretty bad . . . 
No better way to kick off summer break than to go camping and riding . 
My exes all think that I oughta burn in hell , but the devil won't even notice when I die , ya don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry . 
Lowriders are for those who can't get it up . 
It's hot as hell out , going to Guilkys . Send a text if you wanna come . 
I bought the < PROPFEMALE > band she wore on the hand that closed the door , and I bought the shoes that just walked out on me . 
As I rolled on down the road I was a cursin and a swearing about the ticket that I had just aquired . I wondered if I ought to pay or or just throw it out the window , but I might just set the damn thing afire . 
You know you're tired when you don't even want to go to dollar beer night . . . that or you're just poor . 
Can't have breakfast till you finish your whiskey :) 
front differential fluid looked like pudding . . no bueno . on the other hand its locked . 
got the old engine pulled , trucks ready for some serious nom 
Got paid getting the truck working beer pong and packing weekend can't get much better . 
Can anybody say FUBAR ? 
Onward to Eastern Oregon , I'll miss you guys . 
Ha ha I don't even have my truck road ready for 5 minutes and I get nailed for a huge ass ticket . . . which got dropped . 
Oh baby , you can find me in the back of a jacked up tailgate . Sittin round watching all these pretty things , get down in that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . And I'll find peace at the bottom of a real tall cold drink , chilling to some Skynard or some old < PROPMALE > , lets get this thing started its my kinda party . 
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or if it's half full if you have a lot of glasses . 
Oh Lordy how some peole can take comments on facebook WAY too seriously . . . 
road trip with the elkins zach a and zach s up to vancouver , getting some cylinder heads 
And all this small town he said she said , ain't it funny how rumors spread . Like I know something ya'll don’t know . Man this shit is getting old 
If its got tits or tires you're going to have problems . 
Its not a beer belly , its a gas tank for a sex machine ;-) 
Truck's running again , ready to go wheelin . 
Well it's a cure-all too\ 
\ 
Cures fits , warts , freckles , coughs , colds , runny nose\ 
Guaranteed not rip , run or snag\ 
Makes < PROPFEMALE > a wonder and childbirth a pleasure\ 
That's Copenhagen . 
Irony : when your mom calls you a son-of-a-bitch . 
Road trip in 4 days . 
Parking the chevy again , and for once its not because of tickets or it breaking down . 
The government can go to hell , if you ask me . Those sons of bitches'd steal the coin off a dead man's eye . 
God invented whisky so the < PROPFEMALE > cannot rule the world . 
Christmas list for 2010 :\ 
1 ) 5th of Pendleton\ 
2 ) 30 rack of keystones\ 
3 ) infinate girlfriends\ 
4 ) truck/engine parts\ 
5 ) tools\ 
6 ) propane heater for my shop\ 
7 ) $ 100,000 gift card to either circle k or shell\ 
8 ) legos 
When a girl says \we need to talk\ " you may as well start punching yourself in the balls . " 
i have a horrible uncle and aunt , they spot a six point < PROPMALE > in their yard and they fail to call me right away . . . 
Snow peak bitches ! 
Change is only good when it makes things better . . . 
Amazing how much chaining up your tires will help in 2 feet of snow . . . 
Breakfeast : The dinner of champions . . . 
what kind of sick pervert came up with the shake weight anyways ? 
Some banks ain't easy to get into on weekends . . . 
Kick back , gives the blues a spin . Break out the wine , forget again , dig down deep , find my stash . Light it up , memory crash . 
Many many years ago when i was 23 , i was married to a widow who was pretty as can be . This widow had a grown up daughter who had hair of red . My father fell in love with her and soon they too were wed . . . . I'm my own grandpa ! 
I got some doughnuts and some beer , anyone down to < PROPMALE > a bank ? 
The highest cost of living's dying , that's one that everybody pays . So have it spent before you get the < PROPMALE > . There's no time to kill . 
Just got back from wheeling , I'm beat . Chevy did alright up in the snow . 
It appears my hypocrisy knows no bounds . 
Behind every beautiful woman , is a man tired of her crap . 
Doctor or lawyer I'll never be . Life of a drifter the only life for me . You can have your riches , all the gold you saved . Ain't room for one thing in everybody's grave . 
It's a matter of horsepower . For 8 seconds or < PROPMALE > per hour . That's the way I am and it's a fact I can't ignore . Yeah big four legged , fuel injected , runnin wild radar detected . Man can always stand a little bit more horsepower . 
And I swear my trucks got a haunted radio , cause I hear you In every song . 
I need you about as bad as i need to punch you in the freaking face . 
I am aware now how everything's gonna be fine one day , too late I'm in hell . 
Now who's gonna give me some sugar tonight . 
No I'm never gonna feel like that again . Time's rushin by me like the wind . Never be young as I was then . No I'm never gonna feel like that again . 
I got the whiskey running through my veins . So cut me open , add the fuel to the fire . Your daddy tells you not to play my game , but what I'm selling baby , she can't deny . 
Breakin heads and wreckin beds ! 
Alright Steelers this isn't a new thing , lets go for our 7th superbowl win . 
. . . nom nom ? 
My need for speeds got me gunnin . One touch she screams keep it commin . Are you ready for the best damn ride of your life ? 
Ok then , we hold the world randsom for . . . 100 billon dollars . 
When a woman shows more skin than she's supposed to and wonders why guys hit on her is that a sign of irony or stupidity ? 
test driving a < PROPMALE>'s modded kfx today . 
What do you mean a bird ! 
I don't even know the difference between each path anymore , I'm just walking . . . 
I'm a skinny dippin finger flippin son of a gun . . . Play by the rules you're gonna miss all the fun ! 
But I cuss and I smoke , I laugh at dirty jokes . The minor vices , man I know ' em well . I've closed down bars , I've lusted in my heart . My exes think I oughta burn in hell . But the devil , he won't notice when I die . Yeah , don't you figure he's got bigger fish to fry ? 
thanks to my friends for being there for me last night . time for better things in life now , starting with replacing the phone i shattered . 
I'm better as a memory than as your man . 
Now I can see why she's finally crying . . . 
Hahaha the shit that my dad says 
Wear a wristwatch and alarm clock to see what time it ends . From the moment I wake up , I just love being with my friends . We barely get by , but have the best times and hope it never ends . We drink all day until we fall down , so we can do it all again . 
Do you ever think of me ? You're so considerate . Do you ever think of me ? Oh , so considerate . In too deep and lost in time . Why'd you have to go and let it die ? 
i can turn any song dirty :) 
It was my life and it was fun , another season of my life is done . Another race I'm glad I got to run , another chapter of my life is over . . . 
50 cases of keystone down since october , 50 more to go . 
\Wolf Pack !!!! \"" 
Zach Sutton ate a brownie once . 
