Don't forget to have a happy last three hours of 2009 

AT&T dropped Tiger today ... the first time in months that they dropped something other than a call ! 
Happy Old Year ! 
Welcome to the decade of < PROPFIRST > !!!! 2010-2019 
The true meaning of New Year's Day : 12 hours of college bowl games 
40th weekly Family BBQ 
Lakers up by 10 at half time . If you are a Magic fan , I would suggest you watch the second half if you'd like to see them . 
The weekend is drawing to a close ... it will soon be time to rest . 
I'm not sure which is worse ... laying down and not being able to fall asleep or being out of bed and thinking that sleep is possible , even though it's not . 
The Ides of June are upon us . 
Free Chinese lunch , via the sister-in-law ; Then randomness 
The Ides of June are upon us 
One misclick in Wikipedia and I've been neck deep in Markov chains for the past two hours . 
Please ignore the study that was just published in the American Journal of Psychiatry . Their 1.8% number was not derived properly , a common fallacy in the use of Bayes Law . The question is not given that your child died was s/he taking methylphenidate ( Ri 
I can already hear birds chirping and the dark losing its pitch black quality . The ability to fall asleep would be swell . 
Functioning much sooner than anticipated . 
Slept , accidentally , for nearly six ( 6 ) minutes . Incredibly refreshing power nap . 
She never told me she was a mime . 
Ahhhh , a nice storm at 4:30 ... it sounds so relaxing and peaceful . I hope it keeps it up , at least , until I'm able to fall asleep . 
If it weren't for all of the rain , it would probably be a < PROPFEMALE > day . 
It turns out that the only thing worse than not having elections , in Iran , is actually having them . Who would have thought ... < sigh > 
I wonder when it officially becomes a problem when I find that 3:15 am is as ubiquitous as 3:15 pm ? 
The verdict is in . Though I morally want to be in favor of Unbuntu 9.04 , I'm going to have to give the edge to Windows 7 ; Mostly due to software compatability ... and the fact that Windows RC 7 is stable . GUI is nearly the same as Vista , but I've only h 
Cleaning , and looking forward to the role of raconteur on Saturday . 
Tonight , we ( aka me ) are hoping for a full night's sleep without REM atonia . 
I don't understand why it's news that < PROPFEMALE > supports her son's < PROPFEMALE > for a sex change . Not that I think a mother shouldn't support her child's informed decisions ... but I also don't care to know when someone's mom is pleased with the child's choice of < PROPFEMALE > 
Back spasms are always a good way to start a weekend ! Hopefully next I suffer some sort of blunt force trauma ( I really dislike being impaled ) . 
A nice little thunderstorm to wind things down for the day . I am pleased . 
Watching my dog going through REM sleep - it looks like she's having a seizure , though she's not actually . 
Father's day cookout thing . 
Back from the great outdoors on the first day ( in MI ) this season that involved the words \heat index \"." 
Happy Summer Solstice ! ( technically this was at 1:45 am EDT ) Happy Father's Day , to most of the father's out there . 
Cooking and/or something of that genre 
Sunday evening television with the wife . 
Attempting sleep ; It won't work , but I pretty much have to give it a shot or the visible light will be here momentarily and then there's no hope . 
There is something amusing and entertaining , yet mildly disturbing about listening to the bluegrass group Iron Horse performing Metallica songs in the bluegrass genre 
I'm passing along my best wishes to my friends in Barrow , AK ... as the next time the sun will set there is 1:54 a.m. Aug . 2 . They have 84 days between sunrise and sunset during the late spring through mid summer . Good luck . Nothing like messing with th 
Video card down .... grrrr ; 
I don't know who < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are ... and I don't care to . 
I am always a fan of symmetry in our world : NFL Player , while driving with a 0.12% BAC , kills a man and goes to jail for 30 days vs the idiot who stole one of < PROPMALE > Armstrong's bicycles and will being going to prison for three years . At least the punish 
Thanks to Johns ground breaking work , I can now post to Twitter and Facebook from Ubuntus command prompt . 
Enjoys PNY's unexplainable lifetime warranty on video cards . Nothing beats a company who will replace a product that is guaranteed to die at some point during its life ( toward the end , typically ) . 
I can believe it's not butter . 
Physics power session 
The celebrity rule of threes has struck again :-/ < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and MJ . I give my condolences to their families and friends . 
Given the news of the day , in order to bring a smile to my face , I'm nominating myself as \World'd Greatest Grandpa \"." 
To steal ( while paraphrasing ) the line of a friend/acquaintance ( < PROPFIRST > Hey ): It took < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death for MTV to start playing music again . 
Watching a Matchbox Twenty concert I DVR'd ( if that can be verbized ) about a month ago . I really like HDNet and I feel sorry for you Time-Warner subscribers , as you've lost the channel 
Nine years of studying economics , sadly , did not prepare me well for knowing what to do with no income . ( In a textbook sense , it is trivial , since the budget constraint is a single point , at zero ) . No es bueno . 
This facebook update has been brought to you by our corporate sponsors . 
Feeling oddly hungover , though I had nothing to drink yesterday . It's a little bizarre and I'm not a fan of it . 
To steal a line from my wife's friend < PROPMALE > , \It appears that god is playing Wac-A-Mole with celebrities this week . \"" 
What's happening at the Confederation Cup ??? I thought 1-0 was the maximum you were allowed for each match ? Okay , maybe a 2-1 barnburner occasionally ... but what is going on ? 
More non-famous people have died , in the past five days , than famous people . I'm not sure I'd start labeling this as a pandemic yet . When this hits < PROPFEMALE > Holmes , then I'll start to panic . 
Perhaps this is god's way of mocking \I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me out of Here \"?" 
Allocated television night with the wife ... I'm on the laptop and she's putting together furniture . What is wrong with this picture ? 
I think I'm glad I did not go to clown < PROPMALE > college . 
I don't know which is more disturbing : being awake when my daily Google Calendar email arrives or the fact that my calendar is pretty much empty . 
@ < PROPMALE > -- You were right , I still am up after you woke up from a normal night's sleep ; 
Trying to find a work around since my student version of SPSS maxes out at 1500 observations . Any suggestions ? ( Buying new software is low on my list of ideas ) . 
Forgot that I have an appointment to have tooth number one ( upper right wisdom ) tomorrow . 
Why oh why must my iPod begin to fail ? 
Airbus 310 down in the Indian Ocean 
on campus 
The wife is not a fan of OpenOffice , so we've swapped computers temporarily 
Happy Canada Day , eh ? 
39 hours and counting .... 
My latest irritant with respect to the slaugtering of the English language : ' first instinct ' . An instinct , by definition is something that you do without being trained to do it ... so if it truly was an instinct , it would have to be first since your brai 
If I was feeling up to it , this post would contain some obscure reference . 
Anyone unfortunate enough to be traveling the Ohio Turnpike this weekend should consider stopping by the Rutherford B Hayes Adventure Center ... or whatever it's called . A good time will be had by some . 
Today's wisdom is brought to you , in part , by my brain . Remember that you'll never lead the virgin to the volcano if you tell her where you're going ... and on a related note this Independence Day weekend please keep in mind that death is something we ha 
Grocery store on the day before the 4th of July ( aka July 3rd ) sounds insane , yet I'm doing it anyway . 
The Social Security issue has been resolved . I did not have my identity stolen this time ( it has happened once before , it sucked ) . Just a clerical error . My birth date is not 07/52/76 . 
If there is any feeling better than a systemic allergic reaction to grass , after mowing , then I haven't been kicked in the groin by it yet . 
This week's injection was much less pleasant than any of the previous ( including the one that pierced the brachial artery ) ... right now it's painful to extend my triceps at all . :-( 
Let us not forget that 233 years ago , a group of patriots made the ultimate sacrifice ... they wore horrifically ugly white wigs so that you could play with M-80s some two centuries later . I'm also guessing there was some clause prohibiting British food , 
Trying to decide what to read/learn during the eight hours we'll be waiting from arriving at the fireworks site until the fireworks start . 
Survived the 100k+ people at the fireworks without the urge to kill . 
Not a fan of on and off nose bleeds for the past month . ( On and off is preferred to \on\ " since exsanguination would probably not be cool . ) " 
For the first time ever , I heard the Miley < PROPMALE > on the radio . I mention this because , other than the fact that she can NOT sing , she can NOT sing . It's amazing what having a celebrity for a parent will do . Given that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( one word or two ? ) is a 
Board game marathon ... 
Not understanding how there is bass vibrating the house at 1:48 am . That's quite the system if the source is across the street . 
I'm starting to think that the only thing that could possibly receive more coverage than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death is the coverage of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death . 
At what age must one reach in order to not \die too soon \"?" 
Trying to figure out how to create my own brand . 
Told I'm supposed to find something to make a strawberry surprise . 
Los < PROPFEMALE > has set up a website asking for donations to help cover the $1.4 m they estimate it cost to host the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Funeral Extravaganza of 2009 . This seems strange to me ... most people don't voluntarily send in extra money to the government 
Television from midnight through 7am is completely useless . Several hundred channels to choose from and the best choice ( after watching two hours of the repetitive Headline News is staring at the color bars on the off-air Fox Sports affiliate . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays lives on in the infomercial / commercial world . I've seen at least two infomercials and three commercials tonight . 
Finally , I have Jstor access from home . Life is good again . 
Survived an evening with the 2 year old without significant sedation . I am surprised , but pleasantly so . 
I always enjoy buying produce ... essentially picking from the pile of fruit/veggies that wasn't good enough for any of the previous patrons . Just like the hand-me-down system , except that this is something I'm going to eat . 
I often forget that kurtosis may be my favorite moment of a probability distribution . 
Anxiety goes up , fun goes down ... just like that old folk saying . 
Only I would spend my Friday night collecting 540 pieces of data from a game , just to test if the empirical results match the theoretical . 
Finding the inspiration to attack the lawn this afternoon . 
While downloading Safari 4 , I wonder how many web browsers a person needs . Currently the count is 6 . Why ? Why ? 
Nothing as refreshing as a narcoleptic shower ... at least I'm clean :) 
Preparing the house for visitors , who will be arriving at an unknown time . 
Family barbecue outing 
... and now calm enters . 
Dear god ... I allowed being polite to family interfere with my watching of the home run derby . It is now time to consult an attorney to have my will redrafted . 
It's been just under six hours since the toddler left and I would estimate that my anxiety has dropped roughly 50% .... Assuming a half life of six hours , I could be functional by the end of business tomorrow . 
All < PROPFEMALE > Game 
I \enjoy\ " my cable company's definition of \ " locked in\ " rates during a 12-month period . Each of the past three months my < PROPMALE > has increased in the mysterious \ " miscellaneous fees and taxes\ " section . " 
Pi approximation day ( 7/22 ) is sneaking up on us . I'm so excited ... getting to open gifts the night before and telling tales around the circle . 
The first light , pre-sunrise , is quite a sight ... and it's only a few minutes away . I'm pumped . 
STS-127 
A moment of silence for my old , college swimming pool . The TJ pool is no more . 
Campus adventure hour ( that will likely take more than one hour to complelte ) 
Enjoying my surprise , early birthday present ( NCAA 2010 for PS3 ) . Later tonight I'll be going through two graduate texts on three-way ANOVA using cross classification design . A good time will be had by all . 
Family picture day . We haven't had real pictures made since December the year after we were married . In two weeks , two days we will have been married for six years and as a result we are having those done again . 
Family photos ( of < PROPFEMALE > and myself ) appear to have been a great success . We'll know when the proofs are in . 
Survived my close call with an unfriendly neighborhood opossum . 
Two hours of laying in bed were not successful . Well , the physically being able to lay was perfect . Sleeping in the supine position proved difficult so I decided not to waste more time and got out of bed . 
Am vetoing the crazy plan to hold a garage sell on my birthday and/or 6th anniversary . It is nice to have veto power for 1 1/2 days out of the year . That's a 0.41% power index , which leaves me excited . 
Back home after a long evening . 
Gonna try to call it an early evening . 
Allergy season continues ... 
An interview for a trivial position ( of which I'm thankful since the local unemployment rate just hit 15.2% ) in 5 3/4 hours ... just hoping for a little slumber and avoiding the \scary\ " REM atonia that plagued me last night . " 
Not a fan of being functional at this time . 
On campus for the afternoon 
All day outing with the wife and her family ( I guess they are also my family ) . Should be a good time ( < PROPFEMALE > and I are planning on collecting Zebra Muscles for SVSU DNA research ) . ETA is probably 8 to 9 pm . Should be a good day barring unforeseen even 
Suffered my fifth lifetime dog bite today ... I feel like a lightning < PROPMALE > for canine canines and incisors . 
Seeing the end of Buehrle's perfect game was as exciting as a sporting event can be ... 9th innings are quite intense . 
Enjoying the early morning hours . Thinking of calling it a night before 4am . Can it happen ? 
Today marks the birthday of Gavrilo Princip . The Serbian national who was the impetus to World War I . Princip shot Franz < PROPMALE > ( not just a rock band ) ... < PROPMALE > was the newphew of the Austro-Hungarian Emperor who then declared war on Serbia . Then 
Thank you . Tomorrow marks the four year anniversary of , what had to be , one of the most miserable days you've had since I've known you . Good times ! 
Oops ... posting things in the wrong place always makes for facebook fun . 
@ roughly 2pm + ceremony/vowels will < PROPFIRST > six years of marriage to the woman of my dreams . 
Insomnia has claimed a night of sleep during my anniversary . I am not happy . 
Awake a waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to rouse from her slumber . 
Awake a waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to rouse from her slumber to begin sixth anniversary festivities . 
Latest works , including what can only be described as an epic poem on healthcare reform , at http://www.rotundajournal.com/ 
My beloved < PROPFEMALE > mater has dropped to merely the #6 party school in the country . How I missed out on all of the opportunities the undergrad years had to offer ... 
Fortunate to have such a kind , understanding family . 
Not a fan of the dead lawn mower . I prefer live ones instead . 
Beach afternoon followed by attempted lawn mowing evening . 
Injury count from afternoon at the beach : 1 . Pictures to come , more than likely . 
So far , no shotgun blasts from outside of the office window ... 
The insomnia is starting to get old ... 
Excited to see that my journal publication is now the fifth most cited article on the Favorite-Longshot Bias . 
Post Officing 
Fantasy Football draft time . 
The lack of quality television at 4am has almost inspired me to break into a verse of \Killing Me Softly \"" 
Another action packed , exciting day is carrying onward . 
I tried being a good boy and went to bed at a reasonable hour ( around 2:30 ) only to have three bouts of REM atonia ... so I gave up about 6 . Oh well . Time to be productive earlier in the day , I guess that can be a good thing . 
Can someone please explain to me why < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > leaving American Idol is a ) news and b ) bigger news than a gunman opening fire at a fitness center ? Also , it appears that Vladamir Putin took his shirt off during his vacation -- which excites me since it 
Two months and one week into hurricane season and not even a tropical storm in the Atlantic ... I have a feeling this may not end well . 
Unseasonably cool may be the understatement of the year ... it's more like , \unpack the parka\ " . This is painfully nice especially since tomorrow will < PROPFIRST > the second day of the summer over 90 degrees . " 
Allergies do not make night time friends . 
Sweet ... finally the Google Voice invite came . 
Perfect evening for night #2 on the meteor watch . 
After two consecutive nights of staring into the sky , I can finally identify Perseus . My astronomical skills know no bounds . 
In anticipation of the afternoon cookout . 
I've merely kicked the kitchen table three times this evening ... not in anger , not due to alcohol , but because I have yet to master the skill of walking . One foot in front of the ... uhhmmm ... table ? 
The beagle waking me up at 3am was not totally appreciated . 
Wife's maternal family reunion ... 11am - 5ish in the pm . 
Wanting sleep 
out for the day 
Enjoying the nice outdoor weather ... not that the inside weather isn't nice , but it's less variable so not worth talking about . 
< PROPMALE > Hortons ' blueberry muffin -- surprisingly tasty . 
The potato bakes eternally ... or at least for the last 3 1/2 hours ; 
Reason #104 that it's great to be a Detroit Lions fan : Only the Lions could produce telecasts that aren't in HDTV . Oh ... there is also the losing . Man , is there losing . 
Seeing Inglourious Basterds tonight . 152 minutes sounds like it may be a bit lengthy ... more to report later , I'm sure . 
STS-128 Launches at 01:36 -- Live broadcast on HDNet 
Sometimes I am baffled by the lack of reason that some people exhibit ... just baffled . 
An action packed day -- trying to get ready for Monday . 
Liftoff of space shuttle Discovery ( STS-128 ) is scheduled for 11:59 p.m. EDT Friday . 
< PROPMALE > Kennedy's funeral has been labeled breaking news . Are we surprised that he is still dead ? 
Grilling chicken and pilafing rice . 
Just woke up from a nap . It was weird . It was nice . 
Campus 
I think I have acquired the opossum flu ... or raccoon flu ... or some variation named after an animal I'm not particularly fond of . ( Yes , that sentence ended in a preposition but I don't that I care at the moment ... which frightens me ) 
at home ... and am a little closer to understanding < PROPFIRST > expression . This is a good thing . 
< PROPFIRST > is not sure when people started talking in the third person , but < PROPFIRST > doesn't like it . 
The insomniac's punishment for trying to sleep ... just dozing off and then a myoclonic jerk causing my foot to crash into the foot board . The foot board is a certainly not a misnomer . Looks like I'm awake awhile longer . 
' tis the most wonderful time of the year . 
Apparently the hot water tank does not like me ... now the house smells like I was trying to burn it down . 
Humans share 95 percent of their DNA with chimpanzees , but they share 99.9 percent with pirates ! - Random fact I found today . 
There's something disheartening with having my iPod battery die after 30 minutes . 
Feeling slightly concussed after being pummeled by a child who thinks my head functions similarly to a trampoline . 
Labor Dayish cookout at the mother-in-laws . 
I enjoy doing the weekly grocery shopping at midnight ... it makes me not feel the urge to become homicidal in the grocery store . 
RT @jodiecongirl From How I Met Your Mother : \I made a pie chart of my favorite bars and a bar chart of my favorite pies . \ " I am so doing that . " 
I've discovered something I like less than not being able to sleep ... it's not being able to sleep , but then having to be awake and pseudo-functioning at 6:30 . 
Apple just announced lower iPod prices , leaving me to say , \ha ha ! \ " to the people who bought iPods over the long weekend . " 
There are four patterns to insomnia : onset , middle of the night , late , and terminal . Last night I hit the superfecta . Too bad I didn't wager any money because the payoff is usually well worth it . 
Migraine season is apparently upon us . 
Just realized that I haven't updated my status in over 24 hours ... totally unacceptable 
Didn't realize my twitter feeds were also posting to Facebook ; My apologies for the frivolity . 
Ahhh .. the joy of Sunday evening < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > simulations ; I'm getting my mojo back . 
Finally somewhat ambulatory -- not sure it will last for long . 
On campus -- learning things , in theory ; 
Attempting to go back to sleep 
Apparently I've given < PROPFEMALE > a virulent version of this plague ... she is not happy with me . I think I'm on the mend , she is the opposite . 
Internet is not functioning at the house . This displeases me . 
Home internet service has been restored . Life is good , again . 
Spending time around these college kids feels like I'm hanging out with the monkeys in \Outbreak\ " ... they are seemingly well yet I'm dying " 
Influenza has been confirmed in the Raines household . Good times ! 
Feeling quite levisomnious -- which is not incredibly unusual ; 
International Talk Like A Pirate Day is tomorrow 
I continue to enjoy Facebook's \This account is currently temporarily unavailable\ " error ... Temporary is such a precise term . " 
On campus from 7:30 ish until 10 tonight . Good times . 
Today's wisdom : ' An optimist thinks the world is in the best possible condition . A pessimist is afraid that this is true . ' 5:55 am makes on think extra-random things . 
Grand advice based on the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > fallacy : If you are getting on a plane , take a bomb with you . Odds are overwhelming that there won't be two guys on the same plane with a bomb . 
Molecular biology lab ... tonight is the start of the cloning experiment . Good times should be had by all . 
Friday night ... glass of wine and dinner with the wife . 
Double eye infection ... not nearly as fun as it sounds 
Long day time ... 7:30 am - 10pm 
It's very disturbing having to turn on the heat before the calendar hits October . 
Two hours and thirty eight minutes until the state government shuts down . What good times these are . 
The Michigan state government averted a shutdown by , effectively , shrugging their shoulders and agreeing to try again next month . They've had 12 months to balance the budget ... I'm not sure what they think a 13th is going to accomplish . 
bah ... Molecular lab tonight during the WVU game 
Overtime is looking likely 
Family dinner ... the little person is visiting 
The dog's tumor needs to be excised ... Hooray for veterinary surgery . 
I am not sure which of the following is more disturbing : molecular biology exam in 20 hours , my dog needing to have a tumor removed next week , or that I really would like to take the removed tumor into the molecular biology lab to run some tests on the mass , just for my merriment . 
Haven't been this nervous about an exam since I took my PhD Qualifying exams back in August 1999 . Right now I feel that I know molecular biology as well as I know how concrete is held together by love . 
@ Dinner with the Philosophy Department and their guest speaker at < PROPMALE>'s . Then to the < PROPFIRST>'s Lecture Series on Controversy and Genetics . 
Hanging with the Philosophy Department went well . 
Regardless of one's political views , does Obama winning the Nobel Peace Prize make any sense ? 
My father has a firm belief that one should only work with electrical lines while electricity is still running through them . Fortunately , that is not a genetic disorder ... otherwise this minor household project probably would have killed me . 
Happy Windows 7 Day 
Dog awake at 4:20 = Me awake at 4:20 ; No estoy feliz . 
Busy weekend ... trying to watch much football and trying to learn many , many things and write two papers ( one of which is a lab report for the cloning exeriment ) . 
So far , only one favorite hasn't covered . The NFL has become incredibly predictable this year . I'm approaching 80% against the spread this year -- that should never happen . 
Spent the evening browsing estimated population data from the US Census Bureau ... As of 2009 , the median age for a man is 35.4 years . As of today I am 33.2547945205479452 ( 33 years 93 days ) . Yes , I am merely two years away from having half of all US residents being both older and younger than I am . Ladies ... you don't have to start with the mid-life crisis until 38.0 years old . 
Feeling quite tired ... and I've only been up for 34 of the needed 60 straight hours . Pulling on the spirit of me from a decade ago in order to get through this . 
Allmost finished ... 
I think I can ... 
Attempting the final lawn mowing of the year with no mower . This should be interesting . 
Very time consuming , but the area involved looks nice and is now prepared to be covered by snow until mid-March . 
Contemplating 4^ 3,000,000,000 ; Simultaneously knowing that no matter what comes out of that line of thinking , it doesn't matter ... Need to learn a lot more in terms of genetic combinations . 
Remember that perspective is important . \You're more likely to get struck by lightning than bit by a shark . \ " Not if you're a seal . " 
World Series times ... 
Sweet .... a wind advisory combined with rain that has left the neighbor's back yard flooded . Today begins the winter's ground saturation project . My back yard will be dry again in May . 
Getting a little fuzzy around the edges ... 
Pondering Dostoyevsky's wisdom in The Brothers Karamazov 
I have officially cloned a living thing ( lamda phage ) and now I'm expected to tell others how to do so . 
' It smells like sea urchin in here . ' - The wife . How many households does this statement come up in ? 
Not looking forward to the next three days 
Tonight's money line ... Yankees -180 ; Estimated money line on me vs this cloning lab report : Lab Report - 350 . 
Pitchers and catchers report in 105 days . 
2012 looks like it has the potential to be the worst movie of the decade . 
What is with the gold uniforms ? 
Navy !!!! Notre Dame loses ... or at least are on the verge of losing to Navy again . This pleases me . 
Just to keep you Mountaineer faithfull in the loop : < PROPMALE > Rodriguez , in 1 5/6 seasons at UM , has achieved levels of losing and futility that are unmatched by the previous three coaches combined ( over 39 years ) . Though I can't say this out loud anywhere but in my home , this makes me giggle like a little school girl . 
The day with the two-year old was not that bad ... < PROPFEMALE > has posted pictures . I did learn that someone like me is not supposed to spend two hours climbing on the playground apparatus . 
I'm pretty sure that the lower back has officially obtained the consitency of Jell-o . The next few days will likely lack pleasantness . 
I'm not sure of what the question is , but I'm becoming confident that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is not the answer . 
MS Office 2010 Beta has been installed 
Philosophy of religion paper on the lack of evidence argument ... ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) -> ( d ) and ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) -> ~ (d ) . Such a unique argument . Such fun . 
Pleased that I am still functioning after an all nighter . Not sure why I chose not to go to sleep , other than it seemed like a good use of time to not . 
Spending the better part of the evening in the molecular biology lab . 
Do you think anyone orders a turkey sandwich for lunch today ? 
Wishing the best to everyone on this psuedo-pilgram related holiday . 
With the first snow fall of the year , I'm probably a month away from needing to stop wearing the Birkenstocks . No me gusta . 
Right now the loss to USF is really not setting well with me . 
I really feel like we're on the verge of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory . 
Cincy win = 2nd place in Big East ; Damn loss to USF 
Enjoying Championship Saturday 
I love the variation in the weather forecast ... accumulation ranging from none to eight inches at sunrise . 
The heavy ice/snow mixture has claimed the first snow shovel of the year . Sadly , it was during the first shoveling event of said year . 
Attempting to find my mojo . 
Happy Hanukkah Jews of the World ! 
Predictions are never easy , especially about the future ( slight modification of a < PROPFIRST > Stengel quote . 
Hoping everyone is enjoying all of the winter solstice based holidays 
Getting a little irritated with the insomnia ... 
Estimated time of departure for WV : 07:34 EDT 26.12.09 
On way to WV 
Spending the evening at my brother's house ... fun for all ! 
Was accused earlier this evening of growling at a random baby ... for the record , this is false . 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > to variety of local Charleston artifacts . Any suggestions of things I might miss ? 
Somehow I ended up injuring myself on my brother's couch ... blunt force trauma to my < PROPFEMALE > ; The interesting part is that the couch , itself , never moved . 
Has it occured to anyone that , with all of the new security regulations being forced upon us , the terrorists are winning ? 
01012011 
From the things I bet you didn't know about 2011 department : 2011 is sum of 11 CONSECUTIVE prime numbers : 2011 = 157 + 163 + 167 + 173 + 179 + 181 + 191 + 193 + 197 + 199 + 211 
Am back at home after a nine day tour de West < PROPFEMALE > , Ohio , and Michigan ; Time for a nap . 
There is nothing quite as < insert word > as seeing a strip club with a \Free admission with your church program\ " campaign . " 
Long day ... I can't believe that I forgot to wish everyone a Happy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s Birthday ; Had he not succumbed to the death he would have been a moderate 367 years old . 
It's cold enough in Cincinatti that < PROPMALE > Ochocinqo may change his name to < PROPMALE > Muchofrio 
Happy Binary 30 Day ( 011110 ) 
At the 2010 North American International Auto Show 
You can tell that the auto industry is suffering through tough times ... < PROPFIRST > Estrada was the biggest celbrity they could get for the North American International Auto Show 
Went to the circus today and discovered that today's carnies seem to be of a higher caliber than when I was a young lad . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this .. because they have already been eaten by dragons . 
Heading to SnowFest ... which should be fun even in the absence of snow . Even more exciting is that it is likely to hit 17 degrees today ! 
The irony of a < PROPFEMALE > singing < PROPFEMALE > the Beautiful ... this is going to be a fun evening . 
Between the coin toss and the length of the national anthem , I could be down a lot of money right now . 
Of all the old people we've seen tonight , I think < PROPMALE > Vigoda has come out the big winner 
RT @sportsguy33 The White House just announced that the Who's halftime show will be classified as an act of terrorism on American soil . 
Post football depression is soon to set in . At least it's only 9 days until pitchers and catchers report . 
On a day like today , it was nice to be reminded of this fact , from a friend in Maine : \Throwing out snow day stats ? Don't mess w/ a Mainer : All-time state coldest temp : -50° 1/16/09 ; 24-hour snowfall on record : 41.8 ” 12/22/08 \"" 
Caved in to the peer pressure regarding the profile picture for < PROPFIRST>'s Day . The profile picture was taken on Super Bowl Sunday in 2002 . < PROPFEMALE > and I have been together for 3070 days ( 8.405 years ) and married for 2392 days ( 6.548 years ); 
I hope everyone is as excited about President's Day as I am ? Got to open a gift the evening before ... and then couldn't sleep in anticipation . No matter how large your celebration gets , please don't lose sight of what this holiday is truly about : < PROPFIRST > K . Polk and his cohort of < PROPFEMALE > men . 
My Windows 7 Beta officially expires in three hours . Looking forward to a fun weekend filled with formatting and starting fresh 
March 4th ... I like today's date because it sounds like I'm telling people what to do . 
First < PROPFIRST > Hughes , now < PROPFIRST > Haim ,... is Alf next ? 
Still pumped over my < PROPFEMALE > mater's first Big East men's basketball title ... It's nice going into selection Sunday with the automatic bid . I think the first #2 seed is coming our way . On a side note : < PROPFIRST > Beilein and the Michigan Wolverines may not even have made the NIT . 
The Ides of March are upon us . 
Currently ridding myself of possessions ... 
The undergraduate institution vs The school I taught at for a summer ; Happy Final Four Day ! Go Mountaineers ! 
Congratulations , Mountaineers ... it has been a wonderful season . 
Back to writing after a break for Zombie Jesus Day . 
Nothing quite like a nice , snowy day during the second week of April ... 
Woke up this morning to a blood soaked pillow due to a random early morning nose bleed then had my arm mauled , shoulder pulled , and knee scraped breaking up a rather severe canine rumble ; Has been a good morning thus far . 
Vulnerant omnes , ultima necat . 
“In my experience , there's no such thing as luck . ” - < PROPMALE > Kenobi ( aka Obi-Wan ) 
The wife is gone for two days ... which led to the inspiration to remember why I love Nietzsche ... \A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything . \ " ~ Friedrich Nietzsche from Also sprach Zarathustra : Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen 1883-85 " 
It's always a reassuring feeling to look out my bedroom window and see the police pulling out the tactical gear . 
Entering day 6 of what is sure to be the whooping cough or kennel cough or TB or something else less than pleasant . 
Day 11 has brought no relief ... 
Saddened that I slept through the summer solstice ( 7:28 am EDT ) but enjoying a nice holiday with the wife , anyway . 
\ ? goes on and on\ 
Currently wondering if three hours of sleep will prove sufficient for my purposes . 
The Earth is at aphelion today ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Wallis for the reminder . I'm sure this is exactly why the neighborhood idiots are letting off fireworks today ! 
All squares and triangles agree that circles are pointless . 
On the way to Genji Japanese Steak House for the birthday lunch . 
Many thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Spending the next two days , of the 7th wedding anniversary extravaganza with < PROPFEMALE > Raines , visiting Great Lakes Loons and Detroit Zoo . 
@ Detroit Zoo 
Home from the zoo and rather exhausted after a fun filled three days of birthday/anniversary festivities . 
There is something oddly unsettling about falling asleep after many people are waking up for the day . 
Out at the riverwalk for a bit 
Wishing for a hysteresis style solution to my sleep woes ... just a one time shock to my sleep schedule of four hours could put me on a \normal\ " trend . " 
Waiting on the wife to get home ... Seeing that she took my keys and I'm now locked out of the house . 
An excellent statement on the ills of our education system from the perspective of a high school valedictorian . It's just beautiful ! 
A very heart felt thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Garden for leaving a piece of bone ( or other unidentifiable substance ) in their pasta sauce . My broken tooth truly appreciates the past four hours of pain and suffering . 
This cracked tooth thing has me concerned . I have some irrational fear of losing teeth ... I think I would rather have a finger lopped off ( less thumb ) and a toe for sure , than to lose a tooth . \ 
\ 
My experience at the dentist did remind my of < PROPFEMALE > Brosh's \new pain chart\ " ... which is just hilarious . http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/02/boyfriend-doesnt-have-ebola-probably.html " 
It is starting to look like Vinay Deolalikar's attempt to settle one of the top unsolved problems in math and computer science has hit a giant road block . Still many good reasons to believe P ? NP but Deolalikar will be heading back to the white board in his attempt to solve complexity theory's prized problem . 
853 shopping days until Christmas 2012 
In a nice follow up to the broken tooth at < PROPFEMALE > Garden saga , it appears that the < PROPFEMALE > Garden will be paying ( well reimbursing me ) for the dental care . 
Apparently sleep does not come easily if I know I have to wake up in the morning 
Opening day at SVSU 
Just a note for fellow WVU fans ... < PROPFIRST > White was released by the Miami Dolphins today , as they trimmed their roster down to its 53 man form . 
Manufacturers of loratadine ( Claritin ) can now rejoice ... as I will soon be in need a lifetime of said product after the wife convinced me to procure a cat today . 
It's a good thing WVU's < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is such a nice guy . He'll probably take it well when he's fired 
Overtime !!! 
With the exception of the first 52 1/2 minutes , I never had any doubts about the outcome . Go Mountaineers ! 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > Tech , they are called trap games for a reason . 
Which defeat to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was worse : The British losing the War of 1812 or < PROPFEMALE > Tech losing 21-16 ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cutler with an interception ... yes , the NFL is back . 
Had the interesting experience of watching an old lady back into a parked car and then attempt to make a speedy get away . This was followed by the owner of the injured car making a mad dash for his car ... starting it ... jumping the curb in pursuit ... and then rear ending the old lady as she pulled into traffic , causing her to hit an oncoming car . 
Cat to the vet ... then SVSU lecture this evening . 
Having lunch with < PROPFIRST > Rosenthal from the Graduate College at CUNY 
Not thrilled the game is on the U ( No HD ) but at least it's on . 
Autumn starts now ( 9/23/2010 03:09 UTC ; 9/22/2010 11:09 EDT ) 
Autumn in Michigan ... 80 yesterday , 50 today . 
egads ... #wvu 
Los < PROPFEMALE > breaks all-time record high temperature ( 112F ) with a temperature of 113F at 12:15 p.m. PDT ... I am enjoying the mid Michigan 60s very much . 
Off to evolutionary genetics ... tonight's topic genetic drift . 
Relaxing this evening with a nice glass or two of a Gato Negro Cab ... 
Making the trek into SVSU this morning . Prepping for evolutionary genetics and philosophy of law . 
I fear that 6:30 am will feel early this morning . 
It is now 10/10/10 ... more specifically 10/10/2010 , which falls into the general classification of x / x / ' 2x x ' . The last such date was 09/09/1809 and the next will be 11/11/2211 . Enjoy . 
Sleep may be overrated but it is the thing that keeps the days from overlapping . 
I have heard tale of these people that go to bed before midnight . I don't understand them ... but sometimes I think I would like to live in their world . 
Congratulations to the wife , < PROPFEMALE > Raines , for having two of her photos win honorable mentions in the Wildlife category for the Saginaw Basin Land Conservancy ' Wonders of the Watershed ' photo contest . 
Happy Ussher Day to all of you young earth creationists out there . According to Bishop Ussher , the first full day was October 23 , 4004 BC ... making the Earth a mere 6014 years old , today . 
Happy Birthday , Earth ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > Luck , \ 
Please hire a real football coach for my beloved < PROPFEMALE > mater . Please . Or , at least an advanced mollusk who has a sense of urgency in the realm of play calling . That is all . \ 
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . 
Came home from Evolutionary Genetics class to find that the storm had knocked out electricity to the homestead . Just as I was almost forced to spend some quality time with < PROPFEMALE > Raines the power came back . 
I keep trying to tell myself that it could be worse than the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > coaching experience ... but when I watch these games , I can't imagine what that would be like . 
There is a benefit to playing this poorly ... it means we won't be utterly embarrassed in the Meineke Car Care Bowl , come December . 
Heading to SVSU for Evolutionary Genetics . 
Not much more exciting than election night . I only have 27 tabs open in Chrome right now ... which means I'm talking a more laid back approach than usual to the festivities . 
My favorite ballot initiative of the day ... renaming the state commonly known as Rhode Island . 
Westendorf reports : Via < PROPMALE > Macomber : < PROPMALE > Mayes ( D ) concedes to < PROPFIRST > Green ( R ) in MI State Senate District 31 for a GOP pickup . via < PROPFIRST > Westendorf 
It passed ( 78-22 ) . Rhode Island is now Rhode Island and no longer \State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations \"" 
It is now time to consider some sleep . 
I really enjoyed getting a particular letter in the mail today . The letter essentially said , \We are sending you this letter to inform you that we will be sending you a letter . \ " Uuummmm ... thanks ? I guess it's always good to get mail ? " 
Am currently in a < PROPMALE > philosophical quandary ... What is the appropriate indoor air temperature to consider turning on the heat ? And more importantly , at what temperature does one actually turn on the heat ? Currently the external temperature is a balmy 33F and 59.8 F inside . 
¡Ratón ! ¡Ratón ! ¡Ratón ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all . 
These are my Detroit Lions ! 
A nice morning for the first snowfall of the year . 
' S wife has hijacked his new phone . 
http://m.wired.com/wiredscience/2010/12/nasa-finds-new-life/ 
Just watched a three year old concuss my wife . Is it wrong that it was pretty funny ? 
#WVU Fumbles are evidence of second law of thermodynamics ... As time increases ( in a closed system ) disorder also increases ( entropy rises ) 
Nothing good comes from a story which features the last line , \The backup mascot took his place at halftime . \ " http://es.pn/efO5E5 " 
The entire planet , well at least the portion I've friended on Facebook , must have slept well last night ... as I went nearly six hours between Status Updates on my news feed . I hope this is a good sign . ( Especially for the children of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Boeskool ) 
Yesterday , our vet gave us < PROPFEMALE > Valium to calm our anxious traveler for the upcoming trip . Last night I dreamt our cat become the local < PROPFEMALE > Valium dealer . A frightening nightmare with cats showing up at all hours trying to get their benzo fix . Bad cat . 
I am greatly amused that , with a winter storm watch in effect , AccuWeather still goes the extra mile to say that the local fishing forecast is ... poor . Who knew that 7+ inches of snow was not ideal for pulling living things out of the water ? 
In West < PROPFEMALE > ... for the week . 
< PROPFEMALE > valium is one of the top ten * medical marvels of all time . \ 
* - denotes approximate rank 
I bid you a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
A < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to anyone who wants it . 
It was nice to feel useful for a change . Two Windows 7 installs and a double live donor video card transplant . All done . 
Over this mini vacation I have discovered this Rhianna thing that those young whipper snappers are talking about . I am not impressed . 
Staying an additional day in WV just to be safe . Will be back in the 48708 on Tuesday . 
Most see a downside to this #WVU ( lack of ) performance . I celebrate it , as the countdown to the end of the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > starts now . 
Sleeping in my bed for the first time in a week . Had a great vacation but not much beats the home bed advantage . 
A review of the mouse trap I bought had the heading , \It puts the cute back in execute . \ " I am not sure how I feel about this . " 
Happy Terminal 2010 Day 
As you are celebrating your New Year , please keep in mind the true meaning of the season ... the sidereal year : The time required for one complete revolution of the earth about the sun , relative to the fixed stars , or 365 days , 6 hours , 9 minutes , 9.54 seconds in units of mean solar time . 
RichRod update . In what appears to be a case of premature reporting ( though it still seems likely to be true in the very near future ) , Rodriguez is still the head football coach of the University of Michigan . \ 
In response to the massive number of reports , Michigan released a statement at 7:14 pm regarding the current status of Rodriguez . 
Heading to a Saginaw Spirit game tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Raines in celebration of < PROPMALE > Raines ' birthday . 
Right now I am thankful 
Sometimes nine degrees does not seem that cold . Today is not one of those days . 
You know the idiotic guy who responds to his cell phone ringing in a manner which would suggest that he'd never heard a phone before . Well that was me today . As the vet called to say the cat's surgery went well , I fumbled pulling my phone out of my coat and tripped over the Post Office's wet floor sign . To the guy who tried to withhold his laughter ( unsuccessfully ) I don't begrudge you .. I would have laughed , too . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan to be charged with grand theft ... your move , < PROPFIRST > Sheen . 
Finally back to my brother's house after a 17 hour stint at the hospital . Heading back again in the morning . 
In WV for the next 3-6 weeks helping my mother recover from her open heart surgery . 
I think my nose is officially trying to tell me I'm sanguine . Can't have that , now can we ? 
Commands everyone to March Fourth today ... 
WVU has picked a good time to start playing some quality basketball . 
A man with one clock knows what time it is ... a man with two is never sure . 
My iTunes account was somehow hacked today ... hopefully Apple will be polite when it comes to restoring my bank account the $220 that is missing . 
Happy Pi Day 
Just a reminder ... with #NCAA tournament time coming , anyone with integrity will only fill out one bracket . 
Beware of the Ides of March ... 
Tomorrow marks my last full day in West < PROPFEMALE > ... heading back to see the wife . Woot ! 
The 2011 Men's Basketball Tournament unofficially starts ... now ! 
WVU would be doing Kentucky a favor by winning today . Fewer victories for Coach Callipari to vacate later . 
Rock , Shocked , Jayhawks . 
According to NCAA : If UK wins , it will be the third time < PROPFIRST > Calipari has been to his first Final Four . 
MLB Opening Day ... Seven days until my Great Lakes Loons open . Quite happy . 
