Arbitrary calendar date . Wheeee . 

And therein lies an essential difference . You , by and large , prefer I stay the same , while I , I prefer to change . 
Caramelldancen ! 
Reality is that which does not go away when you stop believing in it-Phillip K . < PROPMALE > . 
Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day . Teach a man to fish and he'll eat for a lifetime . Give a man a couple cats and he'll never stop fishing . 
Is love even something I want ? It's a strange thing , that makes you completely vulnerable to someone else . Subsumes you and leaves you naked and defenseless . 
peoplewatching tip : every conversation is funnier if you imagine they had drunken sex the night before . 
is now officially a UMBCite ! 
I am not a good person . However , this does not mean that I am a bad person . I'm just not a person . 
My god I hate the system . 
Ngaah . Student loans ... 
So ... do I fit in the uncanny valley ? 
Hmm , I do believe I've just been press-ganged into learning . 
Gnaaah . Horrible sleep last night . 
I hate guns , because you can't use them to defend , to protect . Only to kill . Yes , by killing someone who wants you dead you save yourself , but you can't block with a bullet . 
To < PROPFEMALE > in someone's mere presence 
Hmm , what's the etiquette for telling someone you had an erotic dream about them ? 
Jesus saves . The rest of you take damage . ( credit to kemmotar ) 
mi'e Byrux 
me'i byrux . 
me'i barux . 
has no more wisdom teeth ... 
The fast is over .. and I still can't eat :( 
Has a camera now , courtesy of my aunt . 
I'm awesome at defusing situations . Especially when you take into account that a bomb that's gone off no longer has a fuse . 
Wolverine : The lesson here learned is that you shouldn't attach razor sharp metal claws to something that doesn't die when you shoot it in the head . ( props to Cracked ) 
Approximatley 7.8 seconds after learning that Amazon will make college textbooks available , I will buy one . if I turn out not to be able to afford it , it's about another 19 seconds till I turn to crime . 
Aikawarazu usotsuki-ka 
My god I have like 15 TV tropes tabs open . Helllp . 
Has a new phone ! With a screen xD ! 
Zytrate comes in a little glass vial . And that little glass vial goes in the gun like a battery . 
Truly other people are what make life meaningful . 
Well duh ! It vibrates . 
And the earth did tremble and the people did cower , for the second piece has been assembled ! I have an anvil ! 
I am too :) Don't know what I did before . 
Don't worry ma'am; I'm cartilaginous . 
Hmm , apparently pink light does not exist . 
Pain shared is lessened , joy shared , increased- Spider Robinson 
Tried geocaching today . Discovered that it works better with a GPS . 
Ein ganz kleines Elfchen im Walde schlief 
Having fun , wish you were here :P 
Hmm , housesitting , fun . 
Two people in love are like two diamonds , the only thing that can hurt them is each other . 
Gotterdamung 
DOES NOT COMPUTE !!!! -headdesk- 
Snuzzles :) 
Ich möchte meine Zunge Sie Ihre seidenen Haut führen 
For some , this might not be a surprise . But I hate hiding . I've decided I don't care . If you're not willing to accept me , I don't need you . I'm not religious . God doesn't make sense to me . I see no reason to dedicate my whole life to inane rules if there is no god behind it . If anyone has a logical , fallacy-free argument for His existence you'd like to share with me , by all means , go ahead , and I'll listen . 
Thinking of you :) 
Proud sufferer of DDD :P 
\That's right . Your incestuous love-child was Hitler * and * Stalin\ " SMBC ftw . " 
forty four thousand , six hundred and forty minutes in heaven is better then 1 :P 
Goodbye . 
Require . Sleep . 
Rule three : An ordinance technician at a dead run outranks * everybody * 
When all you have is a hammer , the whole world looks like a nail . When all you have is thermite , the whole world looks flammable . 
http://oglaf.com/Fountain_of_Death.jpg 
First blacksmithing meeting is Wednesday ... So much left to do still ! 
Hmm . Giving blood tomorrow . ... also , HvZ starts tomorrow . This could be an issue . 
Was ambushed by the RAC by 3 zombies at 8 pm . Constant vigilance ftw :) 
Don't worry . I did science to it . 
I will soon be gainfully employed :o 
why , I'm in Florida :o 
My motel room is trying to kill me ... 
.... Maybe licking that hobo wasn't such a good idea . 
God damnit . I hope next year is better . Lord knows it can't be worse . \ 
... That wasn't a challenge . 
Don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does . Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You Don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this if you don't mind . 
Welp , I'm not sleeping tonight . Revelers were always quieter back home ... 
So , how does quality assurance on cyanide tablets work ? 
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it . 
Duck ! It's either machine gun fire or Buddhists are praying . 
Perpetrate some chefery ! 
For Science ! 
Homemade sushi fail . 
cannot draw xyz graphs .... 
Newest peeve : When people ' join a group ' to show that they are a fan of something , and become a fan of something to group themselves with it . 
What's that ? 3 foot snowfall ? Snowshoes are a go . 
Cold plays < PROPFEMALE > hell with nerf darts ... 
So , if a teacher posts ' s lecture notes online , and holds you responsible for the subject matter despite him not teaching it , doesn't that just show that his job is obsolete ? 
Happy Valentines ... 
Chefery .... 
3 tests on a fast day ? Arglll 
Giving out hamentashen . On tanit < PROPFEMALE > . Hillel fail 
Yes Baruch , February only has 28 days >.< 
I hate trigonometric functions .... -stabs a triangle- 
Want my beard back .... 
... I have nothing to do on spring break , do I ? 
Why does a monocle in Anima cost more then spectacles ? Just break the spectacles in half people . 
My physics final is next Friday . Crap . 
My laptop is making horrifying buzzing noises . Hard drive trouble ? 
Stupid Jew rules . I don't want a mustache ! 
Truely happiness is the greatest joy availble to mankind 
It's not gay if it's an elf . 
Ew . This semester's schedule isn't much better then last one's . 
Considering dorming next semester . Anyone knowledgeable about these things ? 
Am I wrong or do all things , in nature and human interaction , seek balance ? More energetic things will fall back to a stable state , a flighty person will seek out a stable mate , two magnets will attract each other ... is there something that doesn't seek balance ? Or is this ' balance ' merely the fact that all things seek a stable state , and that balancing is an easy way to do it ? 
Bacon soap ? No , just ... god no . 
Hmm . Well that didn't work . Think I need to relearn how to shave ... 
The trick is to let go of the idea of entitlement . 
\Why is there a human skull in the fridge ? \ " \ " So it doesn't spoil ? \ " - < PROPFEMALE > and Walky " 
Oh , hey depression . Didn't see you over there -waves- 
The question now is if I should cover up my rune-etched blade when taking the bus .... 
Hah ! I keep my scholarship , thank you very much . 
Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . 
If one does not know to which port one sails , no wind is favorable . 
The music makes it hard to think . So why do I keep listening to music ? :\\ 
Friend and fried are just one letter apart .... 
FMA is over ? :'( 
Is it bad that I got excited when my parents said we're getting a steel door because I thought it would resist zombie attacks ? >.> 
\This is a fight . Hits or GTFO \"- Guilded Age " 
Geez UMBC , don't scare me like that 
A book shut tight is nothing more then a block of wood-Proverbs 
I suppose it is a lot easier to make a good song if you pay no attention to the placement of the words . 
Things were said that cannot be unsaid .... 
Really , really sick of filling out job applications . 
We have become far more efficient since eliminating sleep . We have also formed a collective consciousness . 
\So you think disabled access is a Dalek conspiracy ? \ " \ 
huh . Didn't know that heartbreak could cause a literal pain in your heart . 
\Why are you doing this to me ?! \ " \ 
tried to draw an idea . Remembered I can't draw . Bloody well going to learn how to draw . 
Reading TVtropes on a depth-first basis has some issues ... 
My AC , why have you betrayed me .... 
Hah ! I win . I . Win . 
So . I'm now a minister . Anyone wanna get married ? 
Just realized my last name is spelled wrong . Fail . 
Hah ! Moved in . I win . 
You have successfully cooked Hard Boiled Eggs ! Your Cooking skill went up by one ! Your Calcium has gone up by 4 ! Your Hunger has gone down by 2 ! 
my rice is an unsettling shade of yellow ... 
320 students in my genetics class , Bio 302 ... 
Baruch used matured a new Cheftech ! \ 
Level 2 collegetech : Rice and beans 
Oh engineering . you're so easy . Taking it last year helps . 
What type of person goes jogging wearing a bandana on their head ? 
That was one sick burn ! The Osnap-ometer is off the charts ! There must be over 5000 urmoms ! 
Nice guys come in last . 
First organic chemistry exam on Monday . So far there are two topics we have discussed that weren't as fully explained in Chem 101 and 102 : Determining the strength of acids/bases , and determining the contributions of resonance structures . 
At some point , our DM crossed the line from \running the game\ " to \ " trying to murder all of us in the most horrible ways possible \"" 
Suppressor mutations . Breaking something so hard , it fixes it . 
Who throws out a perfectly good c-clamp ? 
Today we learn that HvZ bandannas are not waterproof ! 
Doing chemical engineering analysis HW . Problem has 18 unknowns .... 
Tomorrow : 75% < PROPMALE > of rain , high of 54 . And HvZ starts . Guess I get to wear my coat after all :) 
Note to self : put note on facebook . 
I got bored . Now I'm drawing on myself . \ 
... I need to rethink this plan . 
I got a job :O Now I can afford luxuries . Like cereal . 
So I was working at Dominos when a human walked in :o \ 
Of course , he decided delicious pizza was worth the risk of zombie attack . 
I only have to get an 80 on the rest of my orgo tests to get a B . That's not too bad , right ? 
So hey ! I can draw 1 , 1diethy ; -4-(3 , 3 , -dimethylbutyl)cyclohexane now . Neat . 
You know what , Science ? I love you , but you need to stop using Latin words for everything . \ 
Or if you can't do that , at least stick only to Latin , and not dabble in Greek . \ 
And please , please , stop re-using Latin words ! 
No , * your face * is a logical fallacy ! 
One good thing about working at Dominos : I could probably live off of free pizza if I wasn't pretty sure that would kill me . 
How many paladins does it take to change a lamp ? \ 
Two . One to change it , the other to \uphold the light \"." 
HOW MANY OF THEM CAN WE MAKE DIE ?! 
Marijuana can be used for medical purposes . How , you ask ? Take a molecule of marijuana , and remove or add an electron . 
Orgo . What the hell am I going to do ? 
As you can see on my wall , I was officially challenged to post the following status : Like my status and I'll tell you : ( 1 ) something I learn about you by looking at your wall ( 2 ) the color you remind me of ( 3 ) my first memory of you ( 4 ) the animal you remind me of ( 5 ) ask something I've always wondered about you ( 6 ) my favorite thing about you ( 7 ) give you a weird nickname ( 8 ) challenge you to repost it XD 
\You are dead 
Alright calc 3 .... let's dance . 
Today , I used the word \shande\ " in perfect seriousness . Oy vey .... " 
You know what's a good anime ? Hellsing . Hellsing is . 
The best part about listening to trance ? You don't even notice when one song ends and the second one begins :P 
I should probably sleep before an exam , right ? 
Near the tree by a river/there's a hole in the ground .... 
just came out as bi . \ 
... I love my dad :) 
Huh . Apparently , I ate too many Energy Mints . In unrelated news , I am a being of pure energy . 
Still steadfastly refusing to acknowledge it's cold outside . Short sleeves is the way to go . 
I have 5 classes . Two of them have a different period of exams then the others . And they're mostly all out of phase . \ 
Meaning , at any given point , I usually have an exam coming up in a week . 
Double integral . All across the region R . 
I suppose I might pass this exam . Meh . Let's go . 
Stupid mistakes .... welp , failedthat exam . 
ENGLISH MOTHERF**** ! DO YOU SPEAK IT ? \ 
If not , please do not try to teach a class . And then use abbreviations for everything . Including non-English words . And only give out all the information on what the exam is on a day before the exam . 
I < PROPFEMALE > hot dogs . 
They're making robot hands out of coffee grounds ! God , I love StumbleUpon . 
Problem one : I don't have enough hot dogs . \ 
Problem two : I have too many beans . \ 
Problem solved . 
http://antieuclid.com/index.php/H1-Whole-Book 
Hmm . Should I take a Jewish course for an easy A ? Or some other culture course ... Facebook people : Know any interesting culture courses ? 
I just need to get an 80% on the orgo midterm and final , and I can get a C ... \ 
Keep in mind that the average on the last test was a 48% for the class , and my best score has been 66% . Bleh . 
Huh . I guess I do know Hebrew . Go figure . 
My body's natural defense mechanism : Being too tired to prepare the coffee . 
Hey Facebookers ! Any of you have Kindles/e-readers ? If so , are there virtual libraries ? Can you load . doc and . pdf files onto your Kindle ? 
Listening to techno . Twice . Two youtube videos . One stanza out of sync . Eeee . 
Numb 
Hooray for miraculous pretzels that shouldn't exist . 
Oh , hey . Think I might have thrown off my sleep cycle . Just a bit . 
Bring a light into the dark places . 
Is it really worth doing practice problems when I don't know if I got the answer right ? 
Yeah , kinda late for Yom Kippur , but ... \ 
To all those I have harmed/offended : I hope you'll forgive me . If not , please message me with the thing I've done to hurt you , and I'll try my best to make it up to you/apologize better . \ 
To everyone who has hurt me : I forgive you . Completely . Can we be friends ? 
Facebookers ! Anyone know of thrift stores near UMBC ? I am in need of a suit jacket . 
Oh , hello there caffeine withdrawal headache . I accept you as the price I pay for fooling my biology . Do your worst . 
Psychometric charts .... I will murder you . \ 
Also , humans don't have a body temp of 98.6 C . Derp . 
Oh yeah , that's why I'm hungry . I didn't eat today . Welp ! 
Heh . Sleep . Funny . 
Wow , Baruch , you're up earl-OH WAIT . 
Let's do this . Leeeroy .... 
I've decided to become a pyrotarian . 
Nine hour shift at Dominos . Crazy times . But tonight , we feast ! 
When God gives you lemons , YOU GET A NEW GOD ! 
All of you people , get the word out . I have made the best pizza . Next time you order from Domino's , ask for < PROPMALE>'s Double Decker . 
And now to learn < PROPFEMALE > , so I can use it to do a project . It would be nice if you taught us how to do the things we're expected to do ! 
Huh . Well , the quit function works .... 
Today we learn two important lessons . One : Save your work often . Two : God , or Microsoft , hates you . 
Heh . All the people in ENG101 are in the computer labs , hurriedly trying to get their exams done in time . Clock's ticking , they're due in 11.33 hours .... 
Take that , projects ! 
You know what's the best part of a 6 AM exam ? Nothing . It all sucks . 
Body : Alright , I'm going to sleep\ 
Brain : Shouldnt we do more than memorize a couple of equations ? \ 
Body : Eh , you're a smart guy . You'll figure it out . Night ! 
The Plan :\ 
Step 1 : Study forever\ 
Step 2 : ????? \ 
Step 3 : Die . 
welp , guess I'm using Firefox now . 
Complete and utter bullshittery . 
You're my body , and you'll damn well do what I tell you . 
Caffeine counts as sleep , right ? 
White supremacist brownies ... Much better now that they're racially pure ! 
SHH . ONLY DR34MS . 
I want to read them all ... so many books , so little time . 
His man beauty ! It's blinding ! 
Hmm . Hope that grows back . 
I got an 84 on my cheme final ? There's witchery afoot ... 
HAHA ! Passed orgo ! YEEES ! 
I have the sudden urge to learn how to play the violin .... 
The fact that she kept the legs is more than a little disturbing ... 
Science for the science god ! 
FAFSA time ! 
Let's start the semester off right : With freezing rain ! Whoo-ho ... wait . 
9:56 : Arrive at class\ 
10:01 Professor hands out syllabus\ 
10:02 : Realize that this is the wrong class\ 
10:04 : Arrive at actual class . 
Oh glod , I need new shoes . Guess I know what I'm doing tomorrow . 
Annnd , make a new character . 
Hooray , ideal gas laws . \ 
.... \ 
( quietly sobs ) 
0 . o Facebook is sending spam now ? Raaage . 
lay down for a nap ... wake up 12 hours later , 
Oh god no , not thermo again , oh god . 
Oh god the honking . Why won't the honking stop ? 
