a-town all day baby 

loves reading how people bare their souls on facebook on a daily basis ... I mean , really ? facebook doesn't mean public therapy , no one cares how shitty your life is so stop because NORMAL people just read it and laugh at you ... retards 
can't wait to eat himself retarded in 3.7 hours .... 
wants lemon ice ... what can I say , i crave like a fat chick 
will do the < PROPFEMALE > walk home on his first homerun tonight ... its gotta be done 
loves the wetness that's happening right now ... 
is contagious 
can not WAIT to relax all day , drink beerski's , blow shit up , and < PROPFEMALE > out with my gf .... happy 4th fuckers 
wants to hassel the hoff 
' s gf got 16 receptions , 358 yards and 4 touchdowns outta t.o. in madden 09 .... fuckin ' redonkculous 
is doing his rain dance ... haven't had a friday free in toooooo long 
wants to lay in the sun and cook 
' s bf comes in from < PROPMALE > this weekend ... you know what that means , bad news for the weekend 
is boried as hell ... jobs suck 
had too much fun last night ... gonna rock out til korena gets home 
suns out guns out 
is happy he isn't < PROPFIRST > fischer 
< PROPMALE > tourney is gonna b siiiiiiiick tomorrow ... finally nice weather 
long day of slow pitch softball , took a great lil nap and is now gonna give the wife a poke ... 
is PUMPED to partay at the park later 
crazy day yesterday ... still wrappin ' my mind around it 
didn't know that he could sweat this much 
is never saying hot anything at mighty taco again 
no matter how bad a day is you can ALWAYS get a good laugh from goin ' on facebook and reading about peoples feelings and hilarious problems ... I want all of you retards out there too know you bring me ALOT of joy 
drops the soap on purpose 
is starting the morning right 
is happy he never has to do homework again ... sucks to be 90% of my friends 
fuck life 
sometimes my city smells like cherrios dipped in shit .... wtf with the smells in blo sometimes 
is pretty sure the nickname \megatron\ " better fits < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... I doubt anyone would argue that " 
gf came home in super-bitch mode and can't seem to find the controller to turn her down a notch .... quick , someone bring me the anti-super bitch cannon , or chocolate ice cream either one works 
tonight ... I'm making a vinnys come back ... lets see if that place is still shitty as ever 
loves gooooooooooooooold 
can't wait to watch J.P. ROCK the ufl at 9 .... watch that fuck be a < PROPFEMALE > 
is engaged .... wtf 
failed miserably ... I feel shame 
movie night .... which is code for ..... 
my lil sis is making me rice krispy treats .... WHY ... cause shes awesome ... 
wants to go to chubby's for dinner 
is doin ' the bull dance ... 
chillaxin ' 
is lumpy 
needs pizza and a double order of wings medium saucey and crispy .... 
fuck madden 
wants a bite of his love muffin ... 
is constantly day dreaming at his desk about the good old days of waking up at 2 with the < PROPFEMALE > over from hell , slamming water all day and then doing it all over again ... at least my liver is thankful for my big boy job 
mental health day 
pink 
can not BELIEVE they can fit so much BITCH in such little packages ... 
loves MLK day 
watching extreme home makeover . trying not to cry . not working so good . i fuckin ' love the butterflies 
according to my nipples its fucking cold outside 
went to the great wok last night ... they had a sign that said \we open 7 day\ " .... how do you not laugh at that ... " 
tattoos hurt ... only because I'm part bitch 
leave it to a canadian women's hockey team to smoke cigars and drink beers after winning a gold medal ... nothing says sexy any better then that ... p.s. fuck weathermen , this \huge storm\ " is pathetic ... " 
must have been a good weekend ... EVERYTHING hurts 
has a headache , a MASSIVE headache .... 
can not WAIT for the plaza 
can not WAIT to watch this game .... son of a bitch it's a good day 
survey says .... good day 
is hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ... the cool one not the old one 
nothing like opening up facebook and having a SERIOUS laugh attack .... thank you for telling me your life story , it brings me alot of joy 
\that guy hits the gym ... look at those vanity muscles\ " .... Thank you J.D. " 
too nice for work ... will be at the park in t-minus 3 hours ... I hope I get a fuckin sun burn 
fuck you jager and the horse you road in on .... good day for chefs I'm gonna get my ravioli on 
my little sister graduates from 8th grade today ... thats not right 
onbmybnroturrs stupid phone att class night 
Reeeeeeeally trying to choke down world cup soccer right now and its pretty fuckin tough to do ... I mean , baseball is boring , but soccer is making me suicidal .. 
going to the pool with my love muffin enjoying my 4th of july hangover ... good day 
Slow pitch softball talk on 550 this morning ... 
GOOD DAY .... can not WAIT for tomorrow 
My little sister has a CANNON .... I found a new alternate fa sho 
God damn you rug burn 
lucky mustache is on .... lets go bills ! I ' ll keep it until you lose ... 
sims-walker or h . nicks ... fuck I can't decide 
where the hell is my < PROPFIRST > wilder movie 
how bad is it that if you ask someone if they want FREE bills tickets they laugh ... 
mighty pack on a friday afternoon ... that's a good frggin ' day 
how the shit does < PROPFIRST > moss get waived ... 
just finished my cardio ... time for bed 
almost feels bad for the polar plunge assholes today ... 
I loooove seeing cars inside huge snow piles .... it looks hilarious 
Either no one noticed or no one cares that I have sweatpants on at work today ... either way I'm comfy as hell thank you laundry day 
