movin to the cities ! sooo need a change . 

stoppin into kato today for a minute , but back to the cities tonight 
making charts at work :) goin to the club tonight 
work , work , work and watchin the rain .... 
workin @ the pawn shop ! 
@ work ! 
Just got my internet hooked up to my new < PROPMALE > ! I missed internet ! 
off work , chillin @ home & lovin life ! 
done with work at the diner and still wired , ... next week , baby ! 
21 in 2 hours ! 
going to the bars ! ;) 
and I am still alive ... well half alive . 
uhhh ... dont feel good . 
Want to go out tonight ... 
tired .. from the long day that has already passed and the super long day in my immediate future ... 
so glad my weekend is over ! double shifts for three days .... day off ! 
Nothing turns me on quite like rain . Too bad I have to get up so early for work tomorrow morning ... 
Damn , its cold . So not ready for this ... 
Goin to have a bite to eat @ the bar with my girl ! 
what do ya know ? it figures . 
Just got done @ the shop ... now getting ready for the restaurant ... a whole weekend of doubles ! 
does recovering take this long ? < PROPFEMALE > tired , still ... 
mmm .... thinking about shit tonight . 
work till ten ... :( 
Just got a new digital camera ! Finally able to upload new pix from the big city ... about time ... 
Getting ready to head up to mystic for their seafood buffet ..... mmm . Im excited :) 
Beautiful day ! 
bout to walk to the bar ... luv uptown ! 
Doesn't it feel like a friday night ? 
work , work , work .... hope the viks win . 
got done with work , now off to the bar to be sober cab with burtylicious ! :) 
happy v-day ! 
out to late last night .. uhhh 
Cant wait for the warmth ! :) I miss tank tops and shorts .... 
I so love the rain ! 
Way to hyper for my own good today ! workin @ the pawn shop ... I want to go out tonight ... mmm 
sundays suck ... double shifts 
Just got some seasons of sex and the city from the shop ... was never really into it , but now I luv it ! 
In a great mood ! New possibilities seem to spark it ... ;) 
damn , im home from the bars , cabbie didnt charge me a cent ... people are way to nice . 
Hopefully the Mcdonalds i just ate numbs my hangover .. uhh why do I do this to myself ? 
Wow . Thats all I can say . 
Listening to the rain hit the tin roof above the porch ... such a pretty sound 
Think we are going to the museum , i just feel so damn lazy . 
busy , busy day @ the shop ... 
Uhh ... long day . Cant wait to quit Dennys & start my new job ! 
My mom decided my diet wasnt healthy enough , so she shipped me steaks ... umm ? 
Feeling damn confident about my driving abilities , just went to St < PROPFIRST > to pay a < PROPMALE > and i was was whipping around everyone like a race car driver ... oh I have came so far ... 
Just cut lilacs and put them in a vase in the kitchen . They smell so very amazing . 
grrrrr ...... 
I hate doubles . 
Just had a really good last couple hours ! I like him :) 
So glad to be done with work ... time to reheat my green mill , and mix a cocktail . 
uhh ... i have a headache . 
Not tonight ... :( stupid rules 
Me gusta la lluvia 
I need some energy today ... feel just drained 
Gotta get up early , tomorrow :( at least < PROPFEMALE > is on snl tonight ! 
About to represent @ the cinco de mayo festival ! 
That was a fun festival ! Even got to pull the names for the raffle drawing ... now off to job #2 
We are goin to a movie tonight :) , and maybe out to eat ? God forbid I cook . 
Its nap time ! 
Get to go to my orientation today for my new job today ! 
uhh ... my brain isnt working 
That meeting got me inspired to make $$$ ! 
Just had breakfast and bloody marys @ the CC Club on Lyndale . Now I remember why I don't drink in the morning . 
How can I reach the unreachable ? 
Hopped into the < PROPFIRST > johns car thinking it was a cab in downtown Minneapolis last night . Remind me to not get so drunk next time ... He took my crazy ass home anyway . 
The day is looking brighter :) 
Time for me to wake up , and shower ! Then possibly off to a BBQ , its such a beautiful day ! 
Just spent an hour and 45 < PROPFEMALE > driving the fourteen < PROPMALE > , to and from my roomates work . They really need to F**cking fix 35 . 
I cant WAIT to quit Dennys !!!! 
Loooong day ... am I too young to die from old age ? 
It doesn't matter what stress and drama is going on in your life , on a day like this it's hard not to be happy ! 
That was such a nice day on the lake with my roomie ! Hope I got a tan , I am so Minnesota white . 
There are so many cute boys in my reach , why stress about one ? 
Home from the shop ... long day . My 2 hours of sleep obviously were not enough . 
Wtf ... I have the worst case of the hickupps . Everytime I get the hickupps I always think of that guy in the guinesses book that had the hickupps for like thirty years . Imagine how miserable that would be ! 
We just got done watching < PROPFIRST > Darko , the rain and thunder outside is a good touch . 
Independent's food was amazing . I love drinks and going out on a chill day . 
My fridge is so empty ... I need to stop grocery shopping @ the gas station . 
Watching Dateline , while I am getting ready . If I ever die randomly , I want to be cremated . Weird thought . 
Wow , just had an adventure trying to pick up my roomate at the gay bar . Got lost on the way back , ended up on the same street some kid got shot last night . Found my way home , work in 4 hours ... meow . 
Off work ... my first non-double sunday in way way to long ! What to do with myself ... 
Wow , suprise day off ! That never happens ! :) 
Hopefully the rain is moving toward the cities . It is a rainy sort of day . 
Life can change faster then the time it takes to pop open a soda can . 
I'm not sure about anything anymore ... then again I guess that keeps life interesting . 
That oil \spill\ " is heartbreaking . " 
I have been informed there will be a party @ my place tonight . 
Off to Kato with Burtylicious ! 
To go to the bars ... or not go to the bars . My flower pedals told me yes ... it's a sign . 
Whats someone like you , doin in a place like this ? 
SVU , < PROPMALE>'s amazing chocolate cookies , and a cocktail is me ... can't wait till 4:00 a . m ... hope I wake up . 
What a strange life this is . 
What is going on with the ridiculously high crime rate in Minneapolis ? Watching the news and there is a rapist climbing through windows near Uptown . Not to mention every time you turn on the TV , someone has been shot ... I think we are at 26 homicides ... 
Gettin ready for a night on the town with my girls ... I don't have a cent in my pocket , so I am just gonna wing it 
If they will do it with ya , they will do it to ya 
Dinner = canned tuna and saltine crackers ... thats how poor I am ... FML 
Done @ the restaurant , feeling much better today ... maybe its the sun ? Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to change my oil . I feel like such a girl about cars . 
Spent 3 hours scrubbing the floors of our apartment , after I had a lucrative day @ work ... this could be the answer to happiness ... being productive ! 
On the hunt tomorrow ... I will win , do or die . 
Ok I will put blood sweat and tears into this ... Is that enough , or does there need to be something more ? Hard work vs . luck 
Excited for PRIDE !!! 
Just found an entire pack of ciggs behind my bed ! Jackpot . 
Ok , just rushed home from kato and jumped in the shower as fast as I could ... When I got out of the shower , I saw that I had a voicemail from my boss saying I don't have to come in tonight ... :( 
Workin ' a double today ... 
It's time to change things up . Life is full of ups and downs ... we make our own reality ! Feeling stressed and sad isn't going to change a thing . I am going to make a decision to be positive and motivated , no other choice . 
off to kato ! 
I think I will get sick from all this stress ... just what I need . 
Pretty sure < PROPMALE > just shrunk every stich of clothing I own , in hot water . He is never coming to the laundry < PROPMALE > with me again !!! 
I have to make it happen ... don't have a choice . 
Is wondering what im doing in wayzata ? lol 
I would kill someone for a cigarette . 
Someone sent me my lost ID in the mail . Wow , did I ever get lucky . 
Walked downtown mpls all day today & applied to lots of places ! I am gonna stalk them until they give me a job , damnit . 
Pretty sure i'm delighted . :) 
Whats next ? 
What a beautiful day ... 
Softball & the beach ! :) 
Gettin ' it together . 
I'm @ the point where all I can do is laugh . 
Fate is not quite as strange as it appears . 
Crossing my fingers ! 
It's all about to hit the fan . 
Left my phone charger @ the motel , I will have it charged up tomorrow . 
Amazing how things progress and change ! Managing and running a brand new pawn shop ... with one employee ... ME . On a different note , excited to see him tomorrow , however I always miss him when I have to leave . :( 
Life is like a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , only the lyrics are fucked up . 
I was skeptic of this 2 in 1 axe shampoo , but it left my hair incredibly shiny 
I'm loving the electricity and the moisture outside . 
Lifetime movies never get old . 
Thank you everyone for the happy b-days !! Sorry it has been so long until I thanked , life is crazy lately ! 
I feel exuberant ! :) 
I need to learn about guns fast , being its my job now 
Come on people ... 
This life is chess not checkers . 
It amazes me everyday how much power our thoughts hold . However , anyone who knows me also knows how easily amazed I tend to get about life . lol 
I just ate 5 eggs . Does it make it less gross if I tell you I didn't eat lunch or dinner and they were deviled eggs ? Yeah , I didn't think so ... 
Havin some cocktails and some helper with my roomie ! :) It is much needed , loong day . 
Nature doesn't know right or wrong . The only thing nature understands is balance . 
dayman ... fighter of the nightman 
I wish $ grew on trees ... guess I would be poor all winter . Unless I can grow my own trees ... Hawaii here I come . 
Here comes the stupid snow . 
Hope is the certainty that something makes sense , regardless of how it turns out . 
A couple more three hour long shoveling sessions and I should look incredible in a bikini ... hello bahamas . 
My boyfriend happens to be amazing ! :) 
Oh ... goodness . 
I haven't had a cigarette for over a month . I am amazing ! :) 
Love , like a river , will cut a new path whenever it meets an obstacle . 
