Time , please stop moving forward . It's dumb . There is not point to it . You should give it up . 

I am now an unlicensed , practicing surgeon 
the wonderful smell of bacon hangs heavy in the air . 
Eclipse is beginning 
I'm pretty sure I don't belong on social networking sites . 
Thought it was Friday , turns out it's Thursday . Awesome ! 
Nihilism , look into it , or don't . It doesn't matter either way . 
This is going to be great . School opens up in 2 hours , and I can get some more pics of the building and bust out some textures on those fancy monitors . 
Sammich time ! It's Sammich time ! 
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Oh rye bread , how long has it been ? 
Turning on the Technologic . Time to get cranking . 
201 
Back when I live in NY , I met a college student who didn't know the months of the year . 
Monday monday monday monday , monday ! 
huh , the school computer remembered me logged in here . word . 
Fucks sake . I don't smoke . 
I love picking up my cell phone , and realizing it's the first time I've looked at it in three days . 
Time is slowing-g-g d-d-dow-wn-n-n-n-n . .. .. .... . . ! 
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world ; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself . Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
banana's rule . 
rudimentary panic event placed . Just a button that triggers several panics every 30 seconds or so . Not very hard to make it to the roof ladder before the panic events end . Needs more zombies . Probably a scripted event from the bridge on \The Parish\ " Finale . " 
What's that ? five tanks in a row ? Well if you're so good at killing them , that's what you deserve ! 
I overload in classrooms . \ 
What ? \ 
I don't make sense to myself . 
GOT THAT SHIT DONE ! When GenEds take more time than Core classes , I might be doing something wrong ... 
Successful job application to any Mid-Western company : I'm educated and I don't do meth . 
Finally , a finale for IADZ 
Apparently AutoDesk SoftImage|XSI is what Valve uses in-house to make models for their games . Here I am dicking around with 3DS < PROPMALE > , fuck that . SoftImage , give it to me AutoDesk ! I ? free software for students . 
Dragnet . It's a show . Just the facts . 
There is so much future on the internet . It's really fantastic . 
Morning people ! 
No ! 
I have a really tough time taking homework seriously . Like , seriously ? You want me to take time out of my day to do something that you want me to do , that I have no < PROPFEMALE > to do myself ? What kinda sense does that make ? 
Sweet , thunderstorms are full of win ! 
new season of southpark ? Apparently it started a month ago . I must be living under some kind of rock without a TV . 
You know what Farmville and School have in common ? They're both thinly veiled skinner boxes . Think about it . 
anybody ? 
College < PROPFEMALE > debt , why do you do it ? Where's the guarantee ? 
