Don't don't be so blue I know what you're going through Don't let it beat you up Hittin ' walls and gettin ' scars Only makes you who you are Only makes you who you are No matter how much your heart is aching There is beauty in the breaking Yeah When you'r 

My grandfather passed away from brain and lung cancer- the doctors were too incompetant to find cancer markers the last time he was in the hospital for his stroke . Seems like everyone is quickly to throw away the frontier- this passion and now the only me 
Forget about my crazy days Forget about my checkered past What’s all this interrogatin You don’t want to ask no questions You don’t know the answers to You might wish that I was lying Once you heard the brutal truth We could waste the day away digin up my buried bones I could rationalize and apologize and justify in the time it would take me to tell you where I’ve been I could take you places you ain’t never been b4 
Currently multitasking , trying to get clothes clean for tonigts vigil , and also trying to finish the chapter I'm working on . Where has the morning went ? Equola ' ( Don't know how to spell but it mean like oh my gosh in Spanish . ) 
Just got back from the event was a success , think I am going to drink some coffee write a little and crash . Peace . 
I really hate windows . But will surfice for now . Ya that commercial about windows ' there's not gonna be problems like the previous windows had . . . trust me ' the windows idiot is full of crap and I think he has snap crackle and pop , shoved up . . ok well nevermind . 
I'm less then 400 words shy of reaching 30,000 words . However , I think i'm gonna sleep on it for the night . 
offical word count 30,084 (still rough draft . still need make changes to chapter , but more add-ins then deleting tho ) Hell ya ! However editing will be done tomorrow . 
Watched the Arizona and Titans game on NFL replay and it was awesome ! Got some Xmas decors up today and I am still freezing . < PROPFIRST > and I fought over the last of the cheese and I won ofcourse I told him it's Nacho cheese ! lol get it Nachyo cheese . 
As I search all of my previous creative writing journals , I hated keeping a journal of self important nonsense , but < PROPFEMALE > n students made every prompt worth keeping . I often wrote quotes from the board that accumilated threwout the day , but I think I've decided this is my favorite , even though it never made it into my journal , this is the last she for us . 
Continued since can only have certain amount of characters . Here's the quote : And I store it close to my heart . \Our distance is only space and time -- our relationships will always be meaningful . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bernritter 2007 RIP " 
Spent aprox 3 hours watching the science channel on ancient < PROPFEMALE > , well I took a interest in Chinas history prior especially about the < PROPFEMALE > Dynasty and all the info I found was mostly in the historical fiction in Romance of the Three Kingdoms which I've read up to the point until right b4 my fav warrior was killed . lol 
Contued : Anyway I think my mind is turning into an old mans mind cuz I have taken a concious interest in enjoying the animal planet especially big cat diary and the only people I know that watch the animal planet and science channel are my grandparents . LOL 
Happy new years . I hope 2011 brings everyone happiness and all your ambitions are achieved ! I foresee a GREAT year ! 
I need another story\ 
Something to get off my chest\ 
My life gets kind of boring\ 
Need something that i can confess\ 
Till all my sleeves are stained red\ 
From all the truth that I've said\ 
Come by it honestly I swear\ 
Thought you saw me wink , no , I've been on the brink , so 
Just relaxing from my trip from Idaho . Glad to be back but always hate leaving my home town . 
it was a busy week been doin alot of running for granny , but now chillin for the superbowl . 
Who Dat ? Haha Congrats to the Saints , it was a great game . However approaching 40,000 words n took the day off , so I must get busy I have alot of running to do when < PROPFIRST > is ready . Hopefully next week I'll get a phone , and have my birth certifcate so I can get a ID DL haha and it's not pink . 
Currently wasting time again trying to figure out damn dsl connections , still trying to hook up my xbox for release of dynasty warriors so can play with some friends . Had to buy ethrenet switch however hooked up and my aunts internet not working . Gonna try and change network settings for sharing hope it works . anyone have suggestions let me know i dont know DSL 
My game came out today hella excited . Spent the night with Granny and been up since 5am might b too tired to play tonight lol , but i doubt it lol . 
Cooking my first meatloaf and baked potatos lol . We'll see if it's even close to chef ramsey lol 
A writer writes not because he is educated but because he is driven by the need to communicate . 
At hospital with mom and granny . Granny still in icu since wed she doing little better but is stiill on bipap machine to breathe . Keep updated 
it is said time heals all wounds . i do not agree . the wounds remain , in time the mind , protecting its sanity , covers them with scar tissue n the pain lessens , but it is never gone . - < PROPFEMALE > kennedy 
we are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others , that in the end we become disguised to ourselves . -francois de la roche foucald 
does anyone know of a close college in idaho or maybe utah that offers theology . i havent for sure decided to go to school right now or yet . everything is foggy with granny passin away but better start planning . thanks 
fact for the day : venuz makes a perfect pentacle in the sky every 8 years . 
our life is made by the death of others . - < PROPMALE > da vinci 
no man is happy without a delusion of some kind . delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities . -christian nestell bovee 
getting laundry done to get ready come down for pride 
blinding ignoreance does mislead us . o ! wretched mortals , open your eyes ! -da vinci 
getting ready go to therapist my phone service expired today but gonna be a busy day gettin granny house done before leave for utah 
i < PROPFEMALE > my head and i advertise : a soul for sale for rent . i have no heart , im cold inside , i have no real intent . 
you suck my blood like a leech . u break the law and u breach . u pull my brain til it hurts . is ur concious alright , does it plague u at night ? talk like a big business tycoon ur just a hot air balloon . let me tan ur hide ! 
< PROPFIRST > was low just watching the show over n over again . he knew it was time , he made up his mind to leave his dead life behind . his boss said to him boy u better begin to get those crazy notions right out of ur head < PROPFIRST > who do u think that u r ? 
this thing called love it swings , it jives , it shakes all over like a jelly bean she kinda like it . 
u take my body , i give u heat . u say u hungry , i give u meat . i suck ur mind , u blow my head . 
i use to think that i could not go on n life was nothing but < PROPFEMALE > aweful song . but now i know the meaning of true of love . if i can see it then i can do it if i just believe it , theres nothing to it . i believe i can fly . 
country boys dont rock n roll , ya the record man told me so . 
anyone know moviefone phone number 
shrek 4 at 12:45 yay im so excited . feed me if u dare 
empty spaces . what r we living for ? abandoned places . i guess we know the score . on and on does any1 know what we r livin 4 ? another hero another mindless crime . behind the curtain , in the pantamime . hold the line ! does ne1 wanna take it nemore . 
hey ! 
it is true . i found the true answer to my question . 
i got therputerized today and got a copy of the letter she wrote to a medical doctor : diagnosis axis 1 : 296.32 mdd moderate recurrent 302.85 gender identity diosrder-adult 
look into my eyes n ull see im the only one . uve captured my love , stolen my heart , changed my life . everytime u make a move u destory my mind , n the way u touch i lose control n shiver . i would surely die if u dismissed me from ur love . 
why u no answer 
im 1 card short of a full deck . 1 wave short of a ship wreck . im coming down with a fever , im really out to sea . im going slightly mad . it finally happened . im slightly mad . and there u have it . 
this is the only life for me , surround myself around my own fantasy . just gotta b strong n believe in urself forget all the sadness cuz love is all u need 
hot pocket , potato salad , n cheese for dinner . see i could survive on my own i know how to put together a meal ha ha lol 
live as if u were to die tomorrow . learn as if u were to live forever . -ghandi 
big woman u made an asshole out of me . 
long day of cleaning . my room is clean but i need a stepstool to get into bed now lol haha 
get up , stand up stand up . get down get ready . scream n shout ! im ready to attack cuz < PROPFEMALE > im tryin to talk to u u just turn back . u stand so tall dont talk bak dont talk back , just leave me alone . back chat u always get ur way ! 
lets put a smile on that face ! 
the tyrant will always find a pretext to his tyranny 
i hate mornings i cant seem to wake up , need more coffee 
oh my goodness fable 3 : oct 26 hell ya ! 
why so serious ?! 
feel like im frozen in time and everyone is accomplishing their dreams n moving on with their own life except me . my psr worker has renamed me from < PROPFIRST > to dobey from < PROPMALE > potter . i feel drained living as everyone else pleases instead for myself . 
aug 8th first pre game of football season . yes i am already thinking of football . cant wait to relax on sundays again . 
a person is a person no matter how small . 
shutter island : makes me question my own sanity 
cama cama camaillion u come n go . loving would b easy if ur colors were like my dreams : red gold n green . red gold n green . cama cama cama cama camaillion . 
do u know the muffin man ? 
its plain to c . baby ur beautiful . theres nothing wrong w/ u . its me , im a freak . but thanks for lovin me . cuz ur doing it perfectly . there mightve been a time id let u slip away . i wouldnt even try but i think u could save my life . just dont give up . 
im gonna miss that smile . . . 
an hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour : but through knowledge shall the just be delivered . -proverbs 11:9 
Went to er yesterday n the < PROPFEMALE > was lame . If the lumps on my neck don't go down soon I'll find diff doc 
busy day went to the university i qualify for full pale < PROPMALE > . i have to take test thursday n turn in app so be goin school think will study religous philosophy or anthropology 
gonna go do the compass test today n mother nature hates me but i dont have a choice to wait til i feel better . grrrr 
well started writing again today hopefully will b able to post on booksie . i think i will title it something along the lines of : cloned ; reclaim to the throne . 
was going threw some of granny things today n found a stuffed lion n i named him < PROPMALE > . at least its nice to have someone to talk to 
< PROPMALE > wants to know if rice crispies snap crackles n pop were named cuz of the sound the cereal makes n why the company would b ok with eatting the little pple n promoting canablism . 
got ch1 posted on booksie if ne1 interested my < PROPFEMALE > is at booksie.com/toby < PROPFIRST > 
have i ever mentioned i hate waiting . im waiting for a letter from ISU stating weather or not i got in . really hope i get in i just realized im 22 n need to do something with my life 
what do u want me to do dress in drag n do the hula ? 
so i learned that west high is just as useless from when i attended to now . i called almost 2 weeks ago for them to fax my transcripts n ISU hasnt recieved them yet . 
called ISU n my transcripts r finally in the computer . the lady i talked to said she doesnt see any reason y i wouldnt b admitted so in a few days ill get my admitance letter . 
my bodys aching but i cant sleep . my dreams are all the company i keep . ive walked alone in this lonley < PROPFIRST > . ive had enough of this same old game . my heart is heavy n my hope is gone . mama please let me back inside . 
i think a nap would be good lol . but have so much to do 
prob be on xbox for like an hour before get my second wind if i dont fall sleep lol 
perhaps tomorrow 
im offically a bangal ! i got in to ISU i registrd for english math intro to anthropologies n philosophy 
sometimes a day can not be summed up by words . 
well had a few bumps in the road but i am almost there in a week school starts . n my financial aid went threw today . now just have get bank account n insurance . 
walked around campus with my cuz today it was really cool . i think i am bot ready for school couple more things i gotta do but overall ready . i cant wait til tuesday lol 
I prefer nothing , unless it is true . \ 
-Socrates 
I'm doing something for my philosophy paper . Can anyone define what virtue is and how to acquire it ? The oxford defines it as : A particular moral excellence ; a special manifestation of the influence of moral principles in life or conduct . 
' I first realized how numerous were the false opinions that in my youth I had taken to be true , and thus how doubtful were all those that I had subsquently built upon them . And thus I realized that once in my life I had to raze everything to the ground and begin again from the original foundations ' -Descartes 
Another party's overAnd I'm left cold sober I don't wanna talk about it Want to forget about it Wanna be intoxicated with that special brew So come and get me\ 
Let me\ 
Get in that sinking feeling\ 
That says my heart is on an all time low - So\ 
Don't expect me\ 
To behave perfectly 
So you fell like you ain't nobody Always needed to be somebody Put your feet on the ground Put your hand on your heart , Lift your head to the stars And the World's for your taking . So you feel like it's end of story Find it all pretty satisfactory Well I tell you my friend This might seem like an end But the continuation is Yours for the making .. 
Wake up to a < PROPFEMALE > Day Not a cloud up in the sky And then it starts to rain My defenses hit the ground And they shatter all around So open and exposed But I found strenghth in the struggleFace to face with my troubles\ 
When you're brokenIn a Million little pieces And your tryin ' But you can't hold on any moreEvery tear falls down for a reason Don't you stop believin ' in your self When you're broken 
Looking back on the memory of The dance we shared beneath the stars above For a moment all the world was right How could I have known you'd ever say goodbye And now I'm glad I didn't know The way it all would end the way it all would go Our lives are better left to < PROPMALE > I could have missed the pain But I'd of had to miss the dance Holding you I held everything 
There are bridges on lifes highway but we never see them there . Some cross troubled waters , some go nowhere . Some comes with a keeper when its time to pay the toll . Some aren't meant to last forever , some are made of stone . Some are meant to cross together , some you go alone . i set our bridge on fire , but I couldn't burn it down . 
I first realized how numerous were the false opinions that in my youth I had taken to be true , and thus how doubtful were all those that I had subsequently built upon them . And thus I realized that once in my life I had to raze everything to the ground and begin again from the original foundations . 
Surely whatever I had admitted until now as most true I recevied either from the senses or through the senses . However , I have noticed that the senses are sometimes deceptive ; and it is a < PROPFIRST > of < PROPFEMALE > never to place our complete trust in those who have deceived us even once . 
I am unlike a prisoner who enjoyed an imaginary freedom during his sleep , but , when he later begins to suspect that he is dreaming , fears being awakened and nonchalantly conspires with his pleasant illusions . 
It is done ! My rough draft for english is finally done , after 2 weeks lol . Well I went over the < PROPMALE > of 6 pages , it's 6.5 LOL 
My essays for the semester so far are published on Booksie.com/Toby < PROPFIRST > if anyone is interested in reading them . 
The unexamined Life if not worth living . 
All changes , even the most longed for , have their melancholy ; For what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves . We must die to one life before we can enter another . 
You make me smile when I'm just about to cry . You bring me hope . You make me laugh and I like it . You get away with murder so innocent . But when You throw a moody you're all claws and you bite . But that's all right . 
I've seen every blue eye floosie on the way . I've got stiffeness in the bones . Ain't no beauty queens along the way . But I still got my greatest treasure . Hey big woman you made an asshole out of me . 
Cogito ergo sum . 
I've found a few pieces of work that survived from high school and have published them on Booksie 
I < PROPFEMALE > at how prone my mind is to error . 
Give me a place to stand , and I can move the earth . 
How do you like me now ? Now that I'm on my way . You still think I'm crazy , standing here today . Couldn't make you love me , but always dreamed about . When I took off , I heard you made fun me . Never imagined I'd make this far . You married into money , ain't it a cruel and funny world . She tore all your dreams apart . I will preach on baby . 
tempis fugit = time flies 
Tried to be a son and daughter rolled into one You said you'd equal any man for having your fun Now didn't you feel surprised to find The cap just didn't fit The woman expects a man To buckle down and to shovel shit What'll you do for loving When it's only just begun ? 
Just got done with my 3rd English essay and required to have 4-6 pages . Well since it's a hard subject to write I was only going to do 4 pgs , but somehow I ended up doin a < PROPMALE > bit over 6 . How does this happen ?! Can someone tell me why ?! 
Now once upon a time\ 
An old man told me a fable\ 
When the < PROPFEMALE > is gone\ 
And the soup is cold on your table\ 
And if the black crow flies\ 
To find a new destination\ 
That is the sign 
Having trouble coming up with an argument for my Philosophy paper . The topic is : Does Descartes succeed/fail in proving God's existence in Meditation 3 ? \ 
Any suggestions ? 
Well it's official next semester will be :\ 
English 102\ 
Math 015\ 
US History and Culture\ 
Survey of < PROPMALE > 
Yes !! Hell ya , I got a 100% on my Anthropology paper ! 
Never see it coming . It just hits you surprise . It's that cold place in your soul and the fire her eyes . It makes you come together , like wild horses when they run . Now the cards are on the table and the bullets in the gun . 
I'd pull my weight if it made any difference\ 
he gave his life for the nine million others\ 
but on his graves written here lies Joseph\ 
his countrys gun and innocent soldier\ 
hed change his name if it made any difference\ 
now hes waiting in line for the lasting confession\ 
but on his graves written here lies our son Joseph\ 
Fight your way out of this one . 
No free rides for the cowboys , that's not what I pay you for , no . 
I had a reputation for never staying very long . Like a wild , restless drifter . Like a cowboy in a song . 
Anyone awake ? 
“The moment we indulge our affections , the earth is metamorphosed , there is no winter and no night ; all tragedies , all ennui , vanish , – all duties even” – < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
“Merely through the constant need to < PROPMALE > off , one can become weak enough to be unable to defend oneself any longer . ” – Friedrich Nietzsche 
“The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you , not knowing how blind that was . Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere . They’re in each other all along . ” – Jalal ad-Din Rumi 
“Compassion automatically invites you to relate with people because you no longer regard people as a drain on your energy . ” – Chogyam Trungpa 
Peace Out facebookers . It's been real . 
Haven't attempted this is years . but here is goes :\ 
\ 
I'll never forget the 1st time we met\ 
And you eased my anxiety with a joke . \ 
you smiled at me gently . \ 
And you snuck a foot into the doorway of my soul . \ 
Day after day you remove a brick from my defenses . \ 
Somehow you bipassed my security system , \ 
And rekindled the fire in me . \ 
You have removed my plate of armor . 
I'm gonna take pics of ISU's campus , so ya'll can see what you're missing out on . Is there any special requests ? LOL . Ya'll can see my life and second home . Go Bengals ! Bengal Pride lol 
Well it's almost finals and will be studying my butt off . Can't believe the semester is going to be over in less than 3weeks ! And won't know what to do with myself on the break of 3weeks ! I'm registered for next semester , n my financial aid ( not including loans n work study ) has been accepted by ISU . I have some good news and some bad news : 
Does anyone have a rock I can climb under ? 
Hey girl , is she everything you wanted ? \ 
You know I could have gave you the world . \ 
Don't want to think about it\ 
Don't want to talk about it\ 
I'm just so sick about it\ 
Can't believe it's ending this way\ 
Is this the way it's really going down ? \ 
Is this how we say goodbye ? \ 
That's ok baby , ' cause in time you will find\ 
What goes around , goes around , goes around\ 
Comes all the way back around 
i could really use a hug from him right now . 
Well u filled up my head with so many lies . Twist my heart , until something snapped inside . U can crawl bak home , say u were wrong . Stand out in the yard all night long . U can say u got issues , say that ur a victim . U can say it was all a big mistake , so whose ur enabler these days ? \ 
I really wanna care , I wanna feel something , let me dig a little deeper , no sorry . nothing . My give a damn's busted . 
Urgh this anthropology paper is coming along really slowly . Grrr 
I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mill has an interesting arguement and very persuasive . I think I will be converting to Utilitarianism . 
I just did my Natal Birthchart and it is ridiculously scary how accurate it is ! 
I figure even if I fail Economics 202 I know I tried my best , and did everything I could and That's something to be proud of , that's alot to < PROPFEMALE > my hat on . And I've worked my butt off this semester ! 
You say you would equal any man . Didn't feel surprised to find that the cap just didn't fit ? The world expects a man to buckle down and to shovel shit . 
Currently working on my English take home final . I picked the hardest choice , but it's actually coming along better then i thought it would . I'm totally bummed Wed is my last day of the semester . And takers on reviewing my course evaluation b4 I submit it ? 
All that matters is the ending , you know . . This one . . This one is perfect . 
like 4.5 left ! yay , hurry up and come 3pm ! 
And so the studying continues . . . 
the great writers to whom the world owes what religious < PROPFEMALE > it possesses have mostly assersted freedom of conscience as an indefeasible right , and denied absolutely that a human being is accountable to others for his religious belief . 
I'm all done with finals ! And I think I did fairly well on most of them ! I'll find out at the latest on Wed ! Xmas break here I come , going to try and enjoy it like any normal person ! I have at least one book I've been wanting to dive into ! 
Can God create a stone so large that he can't lift it ? 
I'm going to play predict my grades and see how close I come :\ 
English : A-\ 
Anthro : B\ 
Philo : B-\ 
Eco : D+\ 
Averaging at a 2.68 GPA not bad for 1st semester , and struggling all te way through Economics 202 ! 
Got my grades : oI 
shh .. quiet .. I hear people wanting something . . ME !!!!!!! 
Happy freakin stupid Xmas 
They say love is what makes the earth go round . If that is true then the earth spun a little faster with Granny in it . 
Utah is lame . I went to Walmart to get a Virgin Mobile Top-Up card for my phone and they don't < PROPFEMALE > Virgin mobile . Lame ha ha . 
Act Swiftly Awesome Pachyderm = ASAP 
I know size can be daunting , but I'm hot ! 
Wow what a wonderful surprise :) 
Had a great day ! It was good to catch up with an old friend , and home baked goodies that are like a mouthgasm . Then watched The Karate Kid and spent time with family . Has been a great vacation . Better Xmas break than I thought :) 
Good morning world ! It's a beautiful day(not outside , but it < PROPFIRST>'s world ) It's always summer and blue skies . 
These old boots still got a lot of ground they haven't covered yet . So if you think I'm gonna settle down , I've got news for you . This life I'm about to lead isn't for the faint of heart . The lord made me hard to handle . So lovin ' me might be a long shot gamble . I still got a lot of leavin ' left to do . 
< PROPFIRST > is having a movie day . Salt The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . Now Twilight New < PROPFEMALE > . Later Repo Men 
How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? Two . One to change the lightbulb , and one to observe how it symbolizes an incandescent beacon of subjectivity in a netherworld of cosmic nothingness . 
Last night I had crazy dream . Wish was granted just for me . I didn't ask for money . Simply wished for one more day with you . 1st thing I do is pray for time . I'd hold you every second . One more day , one more time . One sunset , maybe I'd be satisfied . Maybe we steal one more day with you . 
Had a great day at ISU . Got a lot of things done today . But I get to go back Wednesday . Now I get to relax , and fry my brain for rest of the night . 
\You promised me Lord 
I'm such an idiot ! I forgot to buy my math book . I didn't even notice it on my required books . 
Well , when it rains , it pours . 
First day of school went alright . English = I was waiting for Will's spiel about this isn't his first rodeo , and he totally didn't do it ! Hist = totally packed class and I couldn't even hear the professor . Math = easy < PROPMALE > = HOT assistant teacher thing . 
I knew you were something special , when you spoke my name . 
\Free 
Been working on homework since 10:30 am , finally done with ch . 2 for English . My summary is finished , but I might go back and crop/edit because I'm uncomfortable with the length . 
Thinking about to try this blogging thing , not really sure how it works or what to write about . But I love to write , and it will help improve my writing . Anyone have any advice , or suggestions ? 
When they say for every credit hour , you spend another 2 hours studying , I think they really mean like at least 4 per credit hour . I just spent almost 8 hrs doing homework for 2 classes , and am not finished waaaa !!!!! 
Aquarius : you have been cruel to me this month . You brought in 2011 bleak and sadistic . You've made me feel an inch tall , sunk me into a sea of loathing . How do you live so happily while I am sad and broken down ? You've blinded me with fear , intimidation and doubt . You threw off my groove , and stole my identity . You replaced it with this nothingness . \ 
Tell me , how do we relight the flame when it's come ? 
Never win 1st place . I can't take direction . I can't do nothin ' right . Everyday I fight a war with the mirror . I can't take the person staring back at me . They said I'll be successful , all I have to do is change everything about myself . I'm a hazard to myself . I'm my own worst enemy . I don't want to be my friend no more . I want to be somebody else . Doctor you please prescribe me something ? Life as someone else ? 
Been working on my homework all day , since approx 11am , with a 2 hr break for runnin errands , n dinner , so 8 hours later : Edited/revised : intro , asses , response . Rewrote : Summarize article . Now workin on conclusion , n the rest of the response 
Finally done with critque . 
God , someone had their panties in a bunch today . 
Thanks to ya'll for wishing me a happy birthday ! It really meant a lot to me , so thank you everyone ! You really know how to make a Toby(who is me ) feel special ! 
Anyone have had any advice on approaching a professor on apologizing for a screw up you did on an assignment ? And he is probalby going to be in a bad mood . 
Tired of people . 
Humility : We all make mistakes , and it takes guts to let other people see them . 
Another thing to put into Tobyology dictionary/thesaurus : Forgettable : ( def)adjective ;\ 
easily forgotten , esp . through being uninteresting or mediocre . \ 
( thes)left behind ; neglected , overlooked , ignored , disregarded , < PROPFIRST > . 
So sick of people . They blood is thicker than water but water doesn't dry , clot and decay . The body can only hold 10.5 pints of blood but seems like the more you have the more it brings you down . 
Working on a paper , trying to translate a section . I understand the general idea but am not fully grasping it n understanding his choice of words . Is there someone that could help ? \ 
I will post the section as a comment on this post . Any help would be much appreciated :) 
Finally . . After fighting with my computer since 7am this morning my essay is finished and sent to my email to be printed off , it's only 7 hours late ! 
I'm working on a Argumentative Synthesis for same-sex marriage , any suggestions ? I have 3 out of my 4 sources . Internet sites , like . com are not acceptable sources , and must be reasonably free of logical fallacies . And I don't think he is allowing us to use religious sources either . 
I have officially decided APA is so irritating , it is not logical , time consuming , pain in my ass , and papers that cannot be justified or hyphenated are my pet peeve ! I hate , I hate ragged papers ! So , any thoughts of pursuing a major/career outside of the English/Philosophy department , like Psychology , are totally gone ! 
Finally ... After all day I have got one argument done for my paper . I think I will put it at the end , it is the Constitutional Argument for same-sex marriages . 
Two days of work = 3 arguments(5 pages ) of what I think is turning out to be a pretty damn good paper . And pretty sure it is clean of logical fallacies !... I will get redemption ! 
Give me a kiss from that < PROPMALE > lip . lol 
Some beach , some where . 
My paper is so close to being finished , and my brain hurts I can smell freedom ! But can you smell what < PROPFIRST > is cookin' ? That's right I brought it and I'm just that damn good . 
T'S DONE ! IT'S FINALLY DONE ! AFTER 46 HOURS IN 6 DAYS , IT IS FINALLY DONE ! AND IT IS PERFECT ! No sir , no mistakes this time . Even when da world turned it's back on < PROPFIRST > : < PROPFIRST > turned his back on the world lol . It is perfect , and actually formated more perfect than the requirement . 
