Okay ... Prince of Persia for the PS3 is officially the most fun platformer I've ever played 

I still living in an attic and will soon be going to work every day of the week ..... I'm beginning to wonder if staying was the right choice ...... 
Just got in from work .... Feet hurt .... 
Is happy He's working again , but bummed he missed seeing Her on her birthday ... 
Doesnt have a day off for at least 2 weeks 
What's on my mind ? Fluid , mostly ...... 
That which is and Has been shall not always be , and that which has always been , still is . 
9 Was everything I thought It would be .... rare occurance for me . 
Is trying to memorize this ACCURSED Monologue !!!! 
To change the wold will take a Million hands , a thousand people , a hundred ideas , dozens of voices , But only a single thought . 
\If he were anything like me he'd know that living in misery is marginally better than dying in it . \"" 
if I lived in zombie land , I would totally have the zombie kill of the week 
none of us can ever really understand another , thats why we all need to be strong , wether it means finding a way or just a reason to be , everyone can , not everyone does . 
Just realized .... If you grow by watching the back of the peopel in front of you .... Doesnt that mean that you have to look behind you sometimes ... make sure you're showing a strong back .. 
No one ever comments on my status updates ... I wonder why . 
Is but one phone call away from actually having a place to fucking live . 
I oficially hate the new Chili's add ..... ARGHHHHHHH 
FACEBOOK CHAT FAILS !!!!! 
Dear god ... the sheer amount of force it takes to get my Comp up to working status again .... AND FACEBOOK STILL FAILS ..... its like the technology gods are laughing at me . 
So Ideas for super heors and story lines are co0ming so easily now ... If I just had an Artist I swear I could make a sucessful comic . 
Any one have some super villans ? I have pleanty of heros , but not may bad guys . 
I have The heros , their backstor , their powers , evne their relationships ..... I know I can take this idea somewhere . 
Should I be nicer to these heros of mine ? it seems like I only crate them to torture them .... I feel bad for them . 
Discovered today that yes , really Hot chicks ARE into comics ... well some of them are at least ... SCORE ! 
Is contemplating being an EMT .... Is that wierd ? 
Why is it that all I seem to be drawn to is something thats either Insanely difficult ... or that barely gives enough back to be worth it . 
Well ... I got just got back from shooting all day ..... And there was like , a revolving door of hot chicks in that place ... it ROCKED ! 
Raining now , Love the rain ... buuut probably should have bought shoes with soles ... 
Why is it that a Joke someone made about living in a garage scrounging time to edit videos while She fields phone calls sounds so appealing ? 
Comics are kinda outdated huh ? Not exactly a good career choice ... 
I Just lost my job ...... yaaaaaaaayyyyyy ....... wait no ... i meant FUCK ! 
Job applications in ..... * sigh * 
Eating Tuna sandwich and reading questionable content .... Not too bad 
I suppose I should be usign this time off to write huh ? 
After an hour of research I have discovered it will be impossible to pitch a comic without an artist .... Damn 
Just found out how much ass meebo kicks . 
Okay I'll admit it ... Avatar was pretty ...... REALLY pretty . 
This shark ..... is now nuclear . 
2 pokemon away from a full pokedex woooo ! 
Rains letting up .... It it strange that I'm upset by that ? 
Music at coffee shops is pretty terrible ...... Even worse then most places . 
it's 9 in the morning and I'm not only awake but out of the house !? How did this happen !????? Oh , right , no sleep ..... Makes sense now .... who wants peanut butter !? 
I stayed up allnight so Im exhausted , but if I go to sleep now I'll wind up waking up at like 2 AM .... but theres nothing to do to keep me awake !!! ARGHHHHH !!! I need to be doing something other than sitting in this chair so i wont accidentaly fall asleep in a public place . On the plus side it's the Cute Barista's shift today ... 
A Blade held in fear will never cut , a blade held in anger will never stop , but a blade held in defence , not of ones self , but of another , is one that can slice the sky . 
I actually have an Interview !!! Bitchin ! 
It is thanks only to the destruction of our old selves that we can lay the foundation for a new being , I tank you for destroying what I was , Now I can be something else , something more grand , the same , but pure . 
Woah , anyone else not realize how fucking Metal the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers theme song was ? 
01001001 00100111 01101101 00100000 01110100 01111001 01110000 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01000010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00101100 00100000 01001000 01001111 01010111 00100000 01000011 01001111 01001111 01001100 00100000 01001001 01010011 00100000 01010100 01001000 01000001 01010100 00100001 00111111 
When the fuck did it start raining !? 
Is it so much to ask to have people call you back when they say they're going to ? 
Ever find a song that just feels like you ? 
Give me something to sing about . 
Well Chat roulette kinda weirds me out ... 
It's looking more and more like the right thing to do . 
I stand on the precipice of the world , and I wonder how I made it here . 
OH GOD ! UWE BOLL IS MAKING A THIRD BLOOD RAYNE MOVIE !!!! GOD NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
I wonder if I'm fully justified in saying < PROPFEMALE > Meyers is the Uwe boll of Literature ? 
I'm making 2 lists . One of movies everyone should see , and another of film that you wanna bring people over just so you and your buddies can riff on it hard core .... Any suggestions . 
So , if I printed up posters asking for applications to join a specialized task force dedicated to ensuring survival during the inevitable Zombie blight and posted them at the local colleges , how many app's do you think I'd get ? 
Luck favors the prepared , and god helps those who help themselves .... arent those just other ways of saying that neither of those things exist and that anything that happens is done becuase we work toward that end ? 
I feel my sanity spared , I CAN remember a horror movie that came out in the last 5 years that actually had me on the edge of my seat and totally threw me for a loop with the twist ..... care to guess at which one ? 
I was so bored just now that I swear I was standing outside of my body staring at myself being bored ... I think i was just LITERALLY bored out of my skull !? 
Just pulled out an old NES display console , 10 games including Super < PROPFIRST > brothers , Metroid , and Punch out ! SWEET ! 
You know , its really trippy when you listen to a song you like , and finally after like 100 times , you JUST realized what it's actually about . 
Seem's to me the reason no one ever tried to be a super hero is , it's damn hard to find crimes in progress ...... 
I'm not sure whats worse , the fact that I know my favorite Power Rangers season was S.P.D. or that I'm bummed it has probably the worst theme song . 
So , Chocolate is the new cocaine . 
His name , was < PROPFIRST > Paulson . 
What do you think ? Can love bloom , even on a battlefield ? 
One can find strength within anger , but one can also find destruction . 
I'm just your average , ordinary , everyday superhero . 
Iron Man 2 at midnight !!! Woo 
Make way . let's start a revolution . 
I have the strangest urge ....... To bake something . 
Call me crazy ..... But Aardvarks make the best Proctologists ... Especially when the rain turns into chocolate , since that means we need the ocelots to drain the lakes .. 
I take back what I said before , SPD does not have the worst theme song , but all the new seasons SINCE SPD have had SHIT themes . 
4Kids might be getting bought out and re managed .... Sweet 
Either crises are getting easier , or I'm getting better at holding myself together , I'm not sure how I feel about that . 
Zombie Vs . Ninja ... GO ! 
Dear god , someone emote , please ..... 
< PROPFIRST > , 20 minutes into the movie , someone shows signs of emotion . 
I borrowed this DVD from my roommate ...... I feel like I should hit him . 
What's sad , I hated the Mist so much , I'm watching < PROPMALE > Vs . < PROPFIRST > to try to make it better . 
Word to the wise , cutting your own hair as a cost cutting measure , rarely saves any money , and just makes you look silly . 
Okay ... Skateboard fails hurt more when you're older .... gotcha ... Ow .. 
So i raided the pre owned movies looking for the worst ones I could find ..... 9 out of the ten are horror movies .... I did not do that on purpose 
probably needs to re-visit his ability to step back and view things objectively , personal attachments are bleeding more and more into critical decisions . 
So apparently laughing maniacally while a man I just blasted in a face with a shotgun burn to death in a kerosene fire draws strange looks from my friends . 
Fast < PROPFIRST > through a Hurricane . 
Okay , so Silent hill soundtrack is creepy , but whats worse is playing it in a empty house then pausing it abruptly and listening to the final piano chord < PROPFEMALE > into the distance of an empty room .... wughhhh 
Sooo , need a name . \ 
The detective Felix ....... something .... I was looking for something kinda Noir ish , I just need a name . \ 
\ 
Also a name for a girl who is essentially sex and lust personified would be helpful . 
I kinda wanna play a board game ... 
Well , my roommates stole my food .. the can that had my fucking name written on it no less . 
Yes yes happy birth days to me all round , can I just assume you all are gonna say it and save myself from checking the 20 identical e-mail alerts I'm getting please ? \ 
It's not that I don't appreciate it , it's that I really don't care too much about my birthday . 
Whenever I quote Shakespeare it comes out in a british accent just , automatically . Is that odd ? 
The nearest Sonic Burger is 50 < PROPMALE > away ! 
SO my room mates to date have stolen food , my phone charger ( which is still missing by the way so my phones about to go dead ) , a 50 dollar video game , 3 books , and a step ladder . That's the ones I know of at least . 
Okay so I'm gonna be leaving for AZ next week ..... Does anyone need a set of drawers , Fridge , microwave , or book tower ? 
Oh and also I need to get rid of a full size bed and mattress . 
Still have work to do before I leave . But It's nice to see everyone . 
These nights in vans . These nights in Cars . Don't mean a thing with empty hearts , with empty hearts . - Winter ( Bayside ) 
Staying in a hotel for the night . \ 
My Cars transmission gave up about 2 hours outside of where I was going so I have to stay the night at this motel until my uncle can pick me and my car up tomorrow morning .... Goody . 
Just checked , it's 110 degrees where I'm at ... 
Alright so I finally made it in ... About 28 hours after I had originally planned but I'm here now crippled car in all . 
Just so everyone Knows , I have been as of yet unable to connect to the wireless here so I'm borrowing Compy's for the time being . Meaning I wont be on at 3 in the morning anymore , at least until I get my lappy connected . 
Ever watch a moive , and have a character remind you of someone you miss and then from then on all you can do is think about them as you watch ? 
Okay so looking it up , looks like I could by a bus ticket back to LA for about 80$ so If I need to head on back for somethign , I can make it for just under a C-note ... cool . 
Wireless acess ACHIEVED !!! 
Hey wow , an Invader Zim episode I dont remember seeing already 
I think Facebook just spontaneously updated ... 
GOD dammit , the one pain I'm willing to medicate ( tooth pain ) wont go away even with what is probably a little TOO much medication . 3 days and I cant sleep cause of the jaw pain . 
So I found out < PROPFEMALE > ( My car ) apparently managed to COMPLETELY chew up all of its transmission fluid , which then burned and basically caramelized and wrecked the entire system . It's gonna be 3000 to fix , minimum , possibly more if there are any other programs . As much as I love the car I think that a 22 year old car with essentially a broken spine , it's time to let her rest . 
ARGHHHHHHHH My tooth is fuckinn KILLING ME !! 
Would it be awful of me to get a motorcycle now that I need a new vehicle .... Cars dead may as well get a Bike finally right ? Better Gas milage ... Hmmm . 
Is it weird that I'm rating possible new vehicles based on how effective they would be during the Zombie Invasion ? 
What's better than falling in love ? \ 
Figuring out you already were . 
I think everyone needs to relax a bit ..... Moumantai guys Moumantai 
IT'S TESLA'S BIRTHDAY !!! WOOO ! 
I just misread the title \Alien Vs Predator . \ " as \ " Kitten Vs . Predator . \"" 
I got a new phone since mine wasn't workign practically at all out here in AZ . \ 
New number is ( 928)925-5015 
Moumantai guys , Moumantai . 
ughhhh , Working oot after so long leaves you aching and feeling sickly rather than invigorated ... 
I find it amusing that the biggest response to \The last airbender is that of\ " \ 
My only real problem with Dragon Ball < PROPFEMALE > , is that Gohans new voice actor is so OBVIOUSLY a woman . 
Roll Fizzlebeef . 
Beware , Naked zombie < PROPFIRST > Connery . 
Mano's hands of fate sequel , DEAR GOD WHY ! 
ANy fans of TGWTG.com If you're looking to donate to any of them or if you just have a few spare dollars , go ahead and donate em to Lord Kat .... He ate Bull penis for our amusement . God Bless him . 
Alright , update on the Zombie apocalypse plan . \ 
The vehicle I want ( aside from a motorcycle for city driving ) is the Bowler Wild Cat . Perfect off road , great power , storage space for food , water , and weapons . \ 
Perfect . 
Sometimes the only thing you can do is admit you made a mistake . 
It seems I need to do more meditation . Trifling matters are affecting my mood far more than should be allowed . 
Loving < PROPFEMALE > Protocol . \ 
I knew Sega still made good games . 
Why do people associate Maturity with age ? \ 
Sure experience is one aspect , but I can't help but think there must be more to it than that . 
Ahhh ... Starcraft II .... Sonic Burger .... New comics .... This is nice . 
Wooo SCII 
Wooo StarCraft 2 ! 
As < PROPFIRST > Connery once said . \ 
\YOU'RE THE MAN NOW DOG ! \"" 
Ha ha , when did I get all poetic ? Geez I gotta watch it or people are gonna start thinking I have more than one aspect to my personality or something . 
Playing Starcraft I have the uncontrollable urge to play the Starship Troopers song behind my advance . 
BEHOLD MY CULINARY EXPERTISE !!! \ 
I just burned my had ... making a hungry man meal ... 
I'm a liiiiiittle stoned out right now ... Apparently when you never take pain killers they hit you WAY harder . 
Remember people , if god exists hes one bad ass DM , all of his encounters are tough , but they're always level appropriate , so with clever thinking , the right mind set , and a little luck you can pull through anything . 
Remember people , if god exists he's one Hard-Ass DM , all of his encounters are tough , but they're always level appropriate , so with clever thinking , the right mind set , a bad ass party at your back , and a little luck you can pull through anything . 
I don't mind people being pissed at me , as long as they have an actual reason that they can explain . 
My face feels like theres a golf ball stuck in my cheek .. 
Ahhh the swellings going down and I can feel my tongue again . 
Woo ! prop 8 shot out of the water ! \ 
By a Chief Justice appointed by Bush ... Ironically enough . 
I would kill for a curry ... 
She sounds so sweet when shes to tired to talk , and all that comes out are those little mumbles . 
Options are finally opening up , but the question is , do I do something sensible that I wouldn't mind , or something I want to do that will almost defiantly not work out . 
Five words . \ 
Robot Dolphin with Machine gun . \ 
That is all . 
You know I wonder ..... Scar , from the lion < PROPMALE > , is that his real name ? if so it's really convenient that he happened to develop a scar later , or did they name him that because that scar is actually some sort of birthmark ? And if it isn't his real name , what is ? I mean Mufasa and Scar sounds like Abernathy and < PROPMALE > , why have such a grandiose name for one chile then such a simple one for the other . 
Bees . My god ... 
Okay ... Dragonball Z < PROPFEMALE>'s theme song is growing on me . 
Watching Troll 2 . \ 
You know , the one that has no trolls in it , and is famous for being awful . 
I may have finally selected an into song for the show .. \ 
Now I just need the Camera , editing equipment , capture cards and shooting location ... \ 
Woo ... 
I wish I could lay your arms down , and let you rest at last . Wish I could slay your demons , but now that time has passed . 
Why is the path unclear ? When we know home is near . Understand we'll go hand in hand but we walk alone in fear . 
Platypus playing a keytar . \ 
That is all 
A priest and a Rabbi go to a boxing match , as the boxers enter one of them crosse himself the Rabbi leans over to the priest and ask's \What does that mean ? \ " \ 
Is it just me ... or is Zooey Deschenel not hot ...... like at all ... 
Anyone else bothered by the fact that Sims can be gay , but not Polygamous ? 
Finally trying to watch 500 days of Summer . \ 
Trying being the key word . 
And thats why neutrons must taste like grape aid ... 
\HA !!! That didn't work did it !? \ " \ 
ion about < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . \ 
If < PROPFEMALE > decided she wanted to experiment , and dated a woman , would her evil exes still come to do battle with her ? 
Have you guys heard about the NINE DAY traffic jam in < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
No more will I complain about congestion . 
You are an android . \ 
I AM A MAN ! 
Never seen this movie before . \ 
Just started it up . \ 
Let's see how this goes . 
15 minutes in . and I just found out my main characters name . 
45 minutes and the plot is as folows . \ 
Swimming girl goes on vacation , trys to buy pot , gets friend killed , then gets raped . \ 
It took them 45 minutes ... 
Oh my god .... the movie is so dull ..... 
Well that was an experience . \ 
it wasn't so much bad as just incredibly dull . \ 
If I do an episode of it I might double feature it with something else since theres not a whole lot to talk about ... I'll see how much material i have out of my notes . 
Question . \ 
Doe's Doc Brown ever explain why they need to go 88 < PROPMALE > per hour ? Whats so special about that number ? Why 88 ? Does he ever offer a reason ? \ 
Nearest I can figure they cose it because 8 on its side is the sign for infinity but .... really .. 
There's a thing called Temper for both Metal and men . 
Just watched April fools day . \ 
WHy do I do this to myself ....? 
It's that time again . \ 
Time for a movie I've never seen before but am sure will be lousy ! \ 
Tonights edition . \ 
Joyride 2 Dead Ahead 
Okay uhhh .... \ 
This movie wasn't bad . \ 
Wasn't great . But the Villan was interesting the story compelling , if a little weak , and the characters believable , if not hammy at moments . \ 
I would say 7 out of 10 , nothing spectacular but worth a watch . 
Due to the fact that the movie I picked for \Movies ive never seen but expect to be crap\ " Was 
Okaaaay .... so . \ 
That was off putting on many levels , and very uncomfortable . \ 
Honestly if it hadn't been so heavy handed with its characters i might have enjoyed it more . \ 
As it is , another 7/10 . \ 
This one actually had an original twist , but it felt an awful lot like another older movie , just with a twist ending , and the story dwells WAY too much convincing you this girls evil . EVIL I TELL YOU !!!! 
Is it strange that one of the few things that can lull me to sleep is the sound of rolling thunder ? 
DO YOU BITE YOUR THUMB AT ME SIR !? 
I wonder how much of an energy drinks effects are Psychosomatic 
OH GOD !!! Internet ghosts are haunting my Vagina ! 
It's time for another \ 
\Movies I have never seen but am sure will be lousy\ " !!! \ 
wow .... fully automatic gunfire in a crowded train car . \ 
and NO ONE is hit . 
See ... you can tell the guys chasing them are french cause they keep saying Sacrebleu 
In my mind I < PROPFEMALE > regret . \ 
In my heart I < PROPFEMALE > sorrow . \ 
On my back I < PROPFEMALE > weight . \ 
In my hands I < PROPFEMALE > blades . \ 
It is only through these burdens that we find our strength , through the darkness that we find our cause , and with that cause , the reason to finally lay down the blade , and instead embrace another . 
I wonder .... \ 
If you were in a Barfight , how many of you would choose me as your back-up ? 
Once again I find myself awake at 4 Am contemplating wether it's even worth going to sleep now since I have to be up in 3 hours ... 
Wait a minute .... In resident evil .... If the computer went homicidal and flooded the place with gas to kill everyone ... why didn't it affect the people in the elevator ? Why didn't the Computer just kill all the operatives who came down afterwards , none of them were wearing gas masks ... 
MEGA SHARK VS CROCOSAURUS 
I DON'T THINK YOU HEARD ME !!! MEGA SHARK VS CROCOSAURUS !!!!!! 
Excuse me while I go and load quarters into my shotguns ..... Whats that ? that wont work ? well tell that to < PROPFEMALE > Jovovich , it sure worked for her ! 
NEVER HAVE SEX NEAR < PROPFEMALE > LAKE YOU FOOL !!! YOU MUST KNOW IT'S JASON'S KILL SWITCH ! 
Just got back in from Easy A . \ 
I'm defiantly not upset I payed to see it in a theatre , well worth the price of admission . 
Back in Paulden after my Vegas adventure and what to I have to show fo rit ? \ 
A god damn speeding ticket . \ 
Glorious . 
\Empty fields move me so much than rooms filled up with friends . The way the tree's look dead reminds me that theres more to life than living . \"" 
Actual thoughts I had while watching Resident evil Afterlife . \ 
\Who the fuck built that bomb 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > SAVED MY LIFE !!! 
GYAHAHAHAHAHA ! \ 
I got Guild wars to work mofos ! 
I just read an article that states that no one likes hipsters ... Not even other hipsters . 
People always wonder if they can shoulder a burden . \ 
My shoulders work fine , I'm always worried about my knee . 
Sometimes you gotta think . \ 
Is someone getting the best of you ? 
Would like to reming everyone complaining about the heat that I live in Arizona . \ 
A place where a temperature below 90 is considered \a good day\ " and anything below triple digits isn't even considered warm . \ 
Please proceed into ANDROID HELL !!! 
< PROPMALE > Freeman ... Making Physicist into badasses , and MIT look like Boot camp . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > SAVED MY LIFE ! 
So ... fun new ... AMV HELL 5 came out . \ 
Bad news , watching it may well have lowered my IQ 
Is gonna be getting a new car tomorrow . 
I'd take a bullet for ya . \ 
Take it of the table , load it into a gun and shoot whoever trying to hurt you . \ 
I'm protective not stupid . 
GOing on a quest for late night nacho urges . 
NACHOS RETRIEVED ! 
I maintain that R Less Earmy would be one of the greatest therapists ever . 
I just got a pretty good idea for a Very Silent Hilly , style horror story . \ 
Wonder if I'm gona do anything with it . 
THis can't be right ..... Avatar Earned nearly 3 Billion dollars ... \ 
3\ 
BILLION !? 
Hahahahah . \ 
KFC Double down .. \ 
I almost can ; t believe I ordered it . \ 
And yet , here it is , in all of its artery clogging < PROPFEMALE > . 
It's weird but , for some reason I'm really itching for a fight . 
How many aunts and uncle do these Scooby-doo kids HAVE !? 
Bwahhhhhaaahaha . \ 
Re arranging the room took longer than I thought , But I think everything is set now . 
Finally decided to read < PROPFEMALE > tail . \ 
It's like Groove adventure rave and One piece had a baby . 
Is not allowed to vote . So no , I havent voted .... STOP ASKING . 
AUGH GOD !!! I SNEEZED WHILE EATING A TUNA SANDWICH AND IT CAME OUT MY NOSE !!!! 
I would like to remind everyone who is going to start going on about the fifth of November that Guy Fawkes was not responsible for the gunpowder plot . In fact he was only the lookout and was blamed simply because he was the only person to get caught . 
What are you doing ? Come join us in this chat with 2 other people http://tinychat.com/forheasauronly 
INTERNETS BACK ! WOOOO ! 
We could go back in time to < PROPFIRST > 1963 stand on the Grassy Knoll and shout \DUCK ! \"" 
I am the ships computer with an IQ of 6000 .... THe same number as 6000 P.E. Teachers . 
I just read something online . \ 
Now Animal Crossing scares me more than Fatal Frame . 
Welp ... My Truck managed to burn through all of its oil in 6 weeks . I didn't notice , and now the Bearings are just about shot . \ 
Need to buy a new motor . \ 
On the upside it's a fairly easy motor to find around here , so I can probably salvage one out of a wreck . 
Points to anyone who knows what character I chose . 
ANyone else find it funny that is \national free press day . \ " After the government tried to list the guy who runs wikileaks as a terrorist for releasing material they didnt want people to know . \ 
confession time , .... 2010 is almost over . confess something you have alwayss wanted to TELL me or ASK me . ( 100% private ) put this as your status . you might be suprised ! 
If you ever want to tell me an episode of a show is amazing , just tell me it beats out \Out of gas\ " from Firefly . " 
You have been weighed , you have been measured , and you have been found wanting . 
Wait ... I thought the General < PROPFIRST > was a Fastback ... My mind , it boggled . 
I wanna put Glow sticks on frisbees and hit people with them , Screaming about derezzing them . 
Is the doctor wearing red converse ? 
01001111 01001000 00100000 01011001 01000101 01000001 01001000 00100001 00100001 00100001 00100000 01010100 01011001 01010000 01001001 01001110 01000111 00100000 01001001 01001110 00100000 01000010 01001001 01001110 01000001 01010010 01011001 00100000 01000110 01010100 01010111 00100001 00100001 00100001 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek is 10 times more fun when you have a general understanding of Physics so you start understanding the terms theyre using . As well as how what theyre saying makes no real sense at all . 
Tex ? \ 
Wyoming ! \ 
CONNECTICUT !! \ 
Theyre not playing a game Caboose . 
Here I am , rock you like a Hadoken . 
YOU GOT THE TOUCH !!!!!!! YOU GOT THE POWAHHHHHHHHH !!! 
Well , I just read possibly one to the most horrible and disgusting articles I've seen in a while . \ 
I Pray that it's some sort of parody and I just don't know it . 
Okay ... Yeah it's just a really elaborate Troll site . 
We got like 3 inches of snow last night . Awesome . 
Taking suggestions for movies so bad you would have preferred rectal surgery . 
Got a desktop up and running . \ 
Now I just need the right software and a camera and I can get to filming . 
I one bemoaned that I had no shoes . \ 
Then i met a man who had no feet . 
Got bored and went all over town writing Bad Wolf in the snow .... Somewhere some nerds head is exploding . 
Finally sitting down to watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . 
So that all just happened ....... Yeah .... 
He will knock four times . 
And I have now seen Toy Story 3 . 
Odd ..... 45 degrees feels warm to me nowadays . 
An episode of Samurai < PROPFIRST > is on . \ 
Am I watching it ? \ 
Fuck yes I am ! 
So then , Standing approximately 2 years from the zombie apocalypse do you have you plan in place ? Are you properly trained ? are you prepared to do what must be done !? 
I WILL EAT YOUR UNHAPPINESS !!!! 
QUICK ! You've woken up with superpowers ! Which ones do you want to have , and which ones would you be pissed to find out you had ! 
I gotta say , I spent all of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim excepting certain little gags that never came up , I wonder if that ruined it for me that they didn't . 
I reject your reality and substitute my ow-AGH GOD FIRE ANTS ! 
My magikarp evolved ? Fuck yeah . 
Jersey shore is one .... Morbid curiosity has overwhelmed my sense . 
Anatidaephobia - The Fear That You are Being Watched by a Duck 
You know ... I just realized . \ 
I have no idea what the fuck Parcheesi is . 
What did < PROPFEMALE>'s mom do for a living ? 
MY GOD !!!!! Toy story is just Brave little toaster retold with a cowboy ! 
You can't whack death on the head . \ 
If he comes near me I'll rip his bloody nipples off ! 
Snooki Is a new your times best seller ...... \ 
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA * We interrupt this reality for unscheduled metal break , we apologize for the inconvenience . 
Looking forward to Drive angry . Looks like a whole movie of nic cage being just ihs Nic Cageyest . 
< PROPMALE > Richards is elastic ! 
Seriously , am I the only person in the world who hates text smilies ? 
You know , I just realized < PROPFEMALE > means beautiful in Italian . \ 
Way to think outside the box there Ms. Meyers . 
Anyone else notice that all Nic cage's best roles are when he plays a dad to a daughter ? \ 
Matchstick Men , The Weatherman , Kick-Ass , Con air . 
I shouldn't read political articles ... or if I do I have to avoid reading the comments ... they only hurt ... 
Sweep the leg < PROPFIRST > ! 
Watching Old episodes of Reaper on Hulu . 
Taste the rainbow motherfucker . 
Make way as Egypt has it's revolution . 
While CNN and MSNBC cover the Protests in Egypt , and the possible world wide implications of a people throwing off an authoritative regime and claiming their rights as human beings to choose their own destiny .... Fox news covers how to make sure you don't lose your investments ... Just saying 
Any one else hear that the GOP is voting on changing the definition of rape to reduce the number of abortions that will be covered by health insurance ? 
Okay . I'm taking all bets , whose betting that when I go to class on monday less than 5 other people , so a fifth of my class , had any idea Egypt is having a revolution . 
The U.S. House of Representatives voted 245-189 to repeal President Obama's health care law . \ 
That happened on the 19th ..... WHERE WAS THE NEWS COVERAGE OF THIS !? \ 
Did I just miss out ? did I sleep in that day or something ? 
As ThinkProgress reported today , former Bush administration official and U.N. Ambassador < PROPFIRST > Bolton abandoned his supposed belief in “democracy promotion” and told right-wing radio host < PROPFIRST > Levin that the Egyptian pro-democracy protests are a “big opportunity” for jihadists , siding with the Mubarak dictatorship . 
Oh wait .... The House of representatives voted to repeal \Obamacare\ " but the Senate has not yet voted 
Okay , let's settle this right now . \ 
Your- is a possessive adjetive announcing ownership or association to the subject . \ 
You're - is a contraction of You are . \ 
They are not the same thing , please stop treating them like they are . \ 
Spread the word . 
You know all those people saying Obama is a secret Muslim ? \ 
So what if he is ? That wouldn't make him ineligible to be president , there is no religious requirement to the presidency . 
In the United States 25% of the wealth is controlled by less than 1% of the population ... 
So Superman , the boy in blue , the defender of truth , justice , and the american way , is being played by a British actor . \ 
That's fantastically hilarious . 
You know , the more I think about it , the more I realize . \ 
The Lion < PROPMALE > did not have a happy ending . 
I just realized I'm going for an Associate arts degree ..... Dammit . 
To quote < PROPMALE > DeFranco .... \What the fuck white people !? \"" 
I've come up with a Survey I want to run , but I want help coming up with a large enough sample group . 
Everyone who is complaining about the mandate in the healthcare < PROPMALE > , let me remind you , if there wasn't that mandate they would just raise your taxes and pay for it that way , you wind up paying it either way . 
I watched the O'Reilly factor today to try to hear the other halfs side . \ 
Spent most of my time correcting the hosts . 
Tomorrow is the super bowl , and I will be taking a math test online . \ 
Is it odd that I'm fine with that ? 
So now that the Superbowl is over can we stop talking about football for a while ? 
Quick poll . \ 
A teacher is on vacation and has a picture take of here drinking alcohol , posts picture on her facebook , fired from her job due to the schools Zero-tolerance policy . \ 
So , Was the school justified ? 
Any one else notice that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Zooey Deschanel have basically the same face ? 
So i heard an interesting idea . \ 
To change the rules so that all < PROPMALE > s and laws must be refered to by their number code , so that no people can be influenced by the title of the law into voting against their own interests \Patriot act or No child left behind\ " and would be forced to research the < PROPMALE > in order to pass judgement . \ 
I'm having an idea for a story in a < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim-esque universe .... I wonder if I could get away with trying to do it . 
Ah shit ! Quick , Escape to the subspace highway ! \ 
* pop*\ 
Huh .... It actually worked ... 
Alright everyone . \ 
CYBER FIVE ! \ 
Nice . 
I'll give < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim one thing . \ 
If everyone had to enter into armed combat in order to date a girl , we would have a lot less girls dating douche bags . \ 
You know , cause thy wouldn't want to go through all the hassle . 
I have decided . \ 
When I'm a teacher if any student can successfully make a firefly metaphor relating to what we're learning I will give them full points on the homework that day . \ 
Discounting the manifest < PROPFEMALE > one .... Too easy . 
Been pondering that last Doctor's regeneration . \ 
I liked it , despite what some people seem to think I think it speaks volumes to the depth of the Doctor himself , and sets the Bar for the new one , rather than turning the audience against the replacement . 
I turn on STTNG and within 45 seconds Riker is being a total pimp . 
Do you hear it now ? \ 
Do you hear the drumming ? \ 
Tap-tap-tap-tap\ 
The drumming in your head ? 
WE ARE SHATTERBAND ! \ 
ONE-TWO-THREE-FOUR ! 
Here \ 
Come\ 
The\ 
Drums ! 
Hey hey hey hey , the Auto Correct on Chrome knows Picard's name . 
Decided not to bring my laptop to school today . \ 
Had a test . \ 
Out of class an hour early . \ 
Typical . 
\Who would win in a fight between Riker and Captain Jack ? \ " \ 
I sorta want to write a paper comparing and contrasting the regeneration's of the 9th and 10th doctors , and their significance to the series ... It's strange I wish I were in an english class just so I would have an excuse . 
The bad news is the damage to your eye has caused it to become incredibly photosensitive , so you'll need to wear this eyepatch . Good news is you'll look fucking awesome ! 
I am the Bad Wolf . I create myself . I take the words ... I scatter them , in time and space . A message , to lead myself here . 
Hey everybody ! It's < PROPFIRST > Eccleston's birthday . 
So everyone . If you were a time lord ( Or lady , Im equal opportunity here ) What Name would you take ? 
Anyone else spot < PROPFEMALE > Trachtenberg in this months Maxim ? \ 
Seriously , wow . 
Pretty annoyed .... time to sit and grumble to myself ... 
Dear god , I just realized that \a Bugs life\ " is about class warfare .... " 
If I'm talking to you , and i make a terrible pun , be assured it was Punintended . 
Hey guys , let's do whatever we can to show or support to the folks fighting for their rights in Wisconsin . 
Just bought pizza for the protestors in Wisconsin . 
you ever stop and think about the fact that in your head , right now , there are two sacks of goo and slime responsible for your sight ? 
Can't stop the signal Mal . 
Watching Castle , caught a really obvious Firefly reference . 
Can someone explain Republican math to me ? \ 
You have no money , so you spend .... the same amount , but earn less ... and that fixes everything ? 
Okay , I know they can make porn parodies of everything . \ 
But Reservoir dogs ? Really ? 
You know a good way to tell that you've overcooked your eggs ? \ 
When you can pick them off the plate and eat them like a pizza . 
Argh , tracking down an beating the Troll on the planned parenthood < PROPFEMALE > is hard work ... and I have work tomorrow . 
Okay , as dumb as trolling is , at least do it well . Going on somebodies picture and saying \YOU'RE UGLY LOL ! \ " Is not trolling . " 
\Would you describe the accused as a friend ? \ " \ 
Can somebody explain to me what is the big deal with disney land ? 
WOuld like everyone to know that he is not watching to Academy awards , and is going to be ignoring all updates regarding them . \ 
Thank you . 
I stand by my assertion that there is no such thing as a bad < PROPMALE > Cage movie . There are only those that must be understood to be loved . 
I'm planning a trip back to Cali in June . \ 
So my question is this . \ 
What shall be the theme of the movie marathon ? \ 
A Nic Cage a thon ? \ 
Perhaps a < PROPFEMALE > Trek bonanza !? 
You know ... I've been thinking about bullying in school . \ 
I think I've come to the conclusion that , a little bullying can be a good thing . 
I want to run a massive poll of as many people as I can ... This is gonna need a way bigger cross-section of people than I think i can manage . 
They call me hadoken . \ 
Cause I'm down right fierce . 
let me be very clear here . \ 
The term \Pet parent\ " is stupid . \ 
< PROPMALE > !!! YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO ! 
STAND BACK ! I'm going to try SCIENCE ! 
The grim reaper has arrived . 
Just this once < PROPFEMALE > . Just this once , everybody lives ! 
Just got the best idea ever . \ 
Dr who rock opera . WHO'S WITH ME !? 
He robs from the < PROPMALE > and he gave to the poor . \ 
Stood up to the man and gave hm what for . \ 
Out love for him now aint hard to explain . 
Just got into an argument as to the relevance of < PROPFEMALE > in BTVS . \ 
Hint , she was useless . 
I now sense information with a new sense , Seeing and hearing are too mainstream , it's a pretty obscure one , you've probably never heard of . I'm no slave to human evolution . 
So , how much Cocaine did < PROPFIRST > Sheen do ? \ 
enough to kill two and a half men . 
Okay I officially need something to do . \ 
I'm debating the ethics of Scooby Doo .... 
You and I wake up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well ... 4 words is harder than you think ! 
Hey Cool , my new bag arrived . 
THe new final battle royale . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen Vs < PROPFIRST > Busey Vs < PROPMALE > gibson ! 
Dear god Battle L.A. has broken a tradition . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Rodriquez manages to survive . 
AGH ! \ 
One turn away from building the Great wall ... Cock sucker I havent even met finishes . 
So They cut \The Cape \"' s run by six episodes 
Just won a Game of SC2 . \ 
Not hard when you have 6 factories churning out Thors . 
Okay , im saving that replay because that was simply the finest thing Ive ever done in a TVT 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . \ 
Not ..... bad i guess , but drastically sub par . 
Super fighting robot . \ 
MEGAMAN ! 
If I could be any Starcraft Unit ... \ 
Goliath , defiantly . < PROPFEMALE > wouldnt be a bad back up tho . 
Operation Oddesy dawn . \ 
Who names these things ? 
Anyone else ever sit and ponder . \ 
Why does paper beat rock ? 
GET TO ZE CHOPPAH ! 
Jeez , snows really coming down now . 
Okay , it's bull shit enough enemy trainers can use items in battle now . \ 
But they can use like 3 hyper potions in one battle !? WTF !? 
This morning = EPIC TOOTH PAIN\ 
Pain killers do nothing . \ 
Stabbing self in jaw to let the fluid drain = No more pain . \ 
Sooooo to put this in perspective , stabbing myself was more beneficial than painkillers . \ 
TAKE THAT pharmaceutical companies . 
Hipster is so Mainstream now . \ 
HIPSTER PARADOX ! 
Let the spice flow motherfuckers 
Attention SC2 players . \ 
If you are 25 minutes into a game and all you have left is 2 drop ships full of marauders and a command center , you have lost , dont think its funny running around the map forcing me to come find you . 
Maybe you can cook . But I bet you can ; t make Volcano bakemeat 
When I puled up today I made sure to change the music on My iPod . \ 
For some reason I felt it would eb better if I pulled up playing RHCP than it would be if everyone heard I was listening to the soundtrack from a musical . 
Attention all SC2 players . \ 
If you have ever won a game via cannon rush . \ 
Go immediately and be ashamed of yourselves . 
WOOOOO top 8 ! 
My drill is a drill the will pierce the heavens ! WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK I AM !? 
If you can't believe in yourself then believe in me , who believes in you !! 
