I want my kev 

About to take a test online ...... gay ! 
YEAH I'm done with the dreaded exam ! 
I HATE ACCOUNTING 
Let's see how honest FB friends are . Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . 
Last night was great and this one is almost over and I have gotten nothing accomplished today ! 
awww is it test time again ???? bummer 
I am so tired of college and studying .......... whose with me ??? 
Can't wait till Christmas it is going to be so much fun this year !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
to early ....... 
3 finals down and 2 more to go ! Totally cant wait till the Accounting exam tommorow is over ! 
I hate being sick ! 
Sick again with the cold ........... ahhhhhhhhhhh 
I'm way to distracted to get any work done ! 
Just got back from the rodeo ....... it was fun ! 
Bored !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
doing homework :( 
Working out really is a great stress reliever ! 
I just became a member of Green Peace ! Save the < PROPMALE > ! Im also about to get eat sushi :) my guilty pleasure ! 
Ahhhhhhh .......... I keep distracting myself with online shopping ! 
:( Have to read for Marketing ...... boring ! 
We still have school ................... NOOOOOO ! 
So much reading and so little time ..... my head might explode ! 
So i did change my hair , just a little bit 
Good day ! 
The puppy bowl is to cute for words .... i love the hamsters in the blimp ! 
< PROPMALE > W . < PROPFIRST > made what I want out of life possible ! Kudos to the father of scientific management ! 
No more monday night drinking , especially when I have to skip class the next morning because of it ! 
So , the Wolfman comes out friday and I would really love to go see it sometime .... HINT HINT ! 
Flogging < PROPFEMALE > was a great show last night ! 
hey ;) 
So gay that I had to go to class this morning ! But I did it ! 
i am done with homework today so i am going to lucky lous ! I hope they are open ! 
Went and saw the wolfman ...... its aight ! 
I am sad that I have to miss fat tuesday on fry street because of studying for a stupid test !!!! :( 
Damnit , I told myself I wouldn't go out drinking last night because I should be studying .... but I went out anyways ! Oh fat tuesday , you get me everytime ! 
I am gonna go out tonight ! Shoot me a message if you wanna meet up ! 
I am ready for a relaxing day in my bed ! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! I lost my phone last night !!! I lost everybody's numbers ..... this sucks ! 
I finally got a new phone , same number ! 
I am so distracted , all the time 
I'm drowning for your thirst 
oh no i think i am getting sick 
I love how people who haven't seen me in forever are calling me an alcoholic ????? 
Ready to see my parents today :) 
Gangsters like their knuckles bloody ; Pranksters spike the drinks of their buddies 
Bummed ..... :( 
Studying for information systems is on the top of my list for one of the most boring things I have done in my life , it's right next to actually going to the lecture for information systems . :( 
got two test done today .... feeling good about them ! 
Not ready for another day :( 
Finally got my test grades ..... somehow I have passed everything ! 
If you mated a Bulldog and a Shitzu would it be called a bullshit ? lol 
Ready to go to the car show ...... my dad said that instead of saying the world slut from now on he is going to say slurpy hahaha 
car show was a blast ..... there were some slurpies there haha 
Made an A on my information systems exam .... awesome ! 
Such a beautiful day outside ....... i love it ! 
finance bores me 
can't wait until tommorow is over ! 
Have to drop a class tommorow :( 
It is officially about to be my spring break ...... call me if you want to party ! 
disco lemonade ? 
Homo Rainbow 
Ready for a drink , who is with me ? 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! Don't drink and drive ! 
Good day ! Hangover is finally gone and I got my oil changed ! 
Back from < PROPMALE > and about to go to class ..... awesome drunken spring breakness 
I am being super productive today ! 
Wish my internet was working :( ! I guess I will just have to use emz computer ! 
Yeah I am ready for a day of homework ! 
Just got done working out .... feel the burn ! 
These fucking access files are making me want to rip my eyeballs out and pour hot sauce in my eye caves ! 
Finally got them access files done .... now to get serious with some managment concepts homework ! Gay 
bored bored bored bored bored 
Ready to see my parents even though I only got a couple hours of sleep ! It was an alright night .... 
I am in the mood to wear my cowboy boots today ! Good day ! 
My bcis class is the best environment to get homework done in lol ! 
Seeing old pics from back in the day kind of kills me inside a little bit ! I miss the people but yet I am much happier now than I have ever been . 
I got a test today .... I feel alright about it ! Oh Marketing thank god you make sense to me ! 
Kittens give Marbo gas 
I made an 80 on the marketing exam I took earlier ! Hell Yeah ! 
hmmmm ...... Homework homework homework ! Got to get it done so I can party all weekend ! 
Ready for the ranch today ! 
Finally registered ..... it never works out like I plan ! 
Well I have decided to have a marketing minor ... good day ! 
I really do not enjoy studying ! 
I am going to take my ethics test .... wish me luck ! 
Is it sad that I can give my full attention to the television for an hour but I cant give my full attention to my professors in class ? 
I just love getting parking tickets ..... assholes ! 
Ahhh my horoscope has terrified me for the day ! I dont want to fight with anybody ! I am going to lock myself in my room and not come out ...... well i might < PROPFEMALE > out a little bit but if I see anybody getting pissy I am running for the hills ! 
Gonna go work out in a bit and then get down to studying all day ! BAM 
Totally just made hotel reservations in < PROPFIRST > for my 21st bday ! You better believe I will be on 6th street ! 
Dropped < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > off to get shaved at PetsMart and she got off her leash and ran for the parking lot .... that was embarassing chasing her ass down lol ! She absolutely hates PetsMart since I boared her there every year ! 
Feeling good ! I wish i didn't have to waste my awesome mood with studying ! I would much rather spend it drinking and hanging out ! 
blah blah blah ..... i did it !? 
Wow I think this is the first weekend that I haven't gone out since Feb . at least ! 
Just realized that I have been studying for the wrong exam .... damn I feel like a dumbass ! 
Just got accepted into the New Product Development Program and changed my minor to marketing .... good day ! I always do awesome during interviews ! 
I amr ready for the new south park episode tonight and ugly americans episode . That new show is awesome ! Dirty leg draggers ! 
Burning CD's and then maybe eventually being productive ! I love my new truck ! 
Why do some people have to be assholes for no reason ? Does it make them feel important or something because they aren't! 
I want to see kick ass ! 
I do not feel like writing essays and studying for exams this month ..... blah ! 
Good Morning America ... I am going to eat some < PROPMALE > and cheese ! 
I am so easy to distract right now ! That is a very bad thing ! 
I have a test today at 2:00 and I am going to dominate it ! After that I am going to write 2 essays and I refuse to let this much work overwhelm me because there will be no ripping out my eyes out of my eye caves today professors ! DAMN SKIPPY ! 
my pants are falling down , the room is spinning around , my stomach is making funny sounds , i'm falling down ...... i love that song ! 
I am skipping class today because I am a gay fish 
Studying for finals ! Outside is absolutely amazing .... I am jealous of all the people that get to enjoy it ! 
Just looked at all of my grades for my classes and I might be able to pull of 3 A's and 1 B ! Hell yeah ! 
Off to my last class of the semester 
I have retreated into my hobbit hole 
Just got done watching the guys and girls guide to getting down .... hilarious 
Ooppps went a little quiz crazy for a moment , now to studying ! 
My cat is doing a non-paid apprenticeship underneath my dog on how to hustle them lovings ..... BAM 
1 final down and 2 more to go ! 
I hate finals week ! Damn stupid tests ! 
I got a A and a B in my classes so far ! Hope the rest are A's! 
Final grades = 3 B's + 1 A 
But I'm a creep , I'm a weirdo What the hell am I doing here ? I don't belong here . I don't care if it hurts . I want to have control . I want a perfect body . I want a perfect soul . I love that song I just heard for the first time in forever ! Thank you pandora ! 
I turn 21 in exactly 2 weeks :) 
I love having a good night and morning ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > just got attacked by another dog :( her ear is bleeding a little bit but she is gonna be okay 
I'm finally 21 ! Suck it lol ! 
My car got towed last night :( 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook pageand on\ 
the bottom left corner in little blue letters , click \English . \ " When the\ 
Woke up at 7:00 to work out and have class from 12:00 to 6:00 ....... gettin er done 
I am terribly exhausted 
Blah Blah Blah ! I hate it when old friends try to contact you to bitch you out but they didn't even realize that they have been an old ex-friend for a couple of years already ....!? I guess some people just suck at paying attention ! 
Hooray for tech support ! I finally figured out how to work my finance calculator lol 
I am feeling lazy today ...... and i like it ! 
I hate studying ! 
i love peopleofwalmart.com! 
Took a horrible finance test ! Thank god that is over ! 
About to take a test ! Wish me luck ! 
Working out was hard today but I got it done ! 
I have a finance exam in a little bit ! Very worried , finance is a bitch to deal with ! 
going to see twilight ! 
I am already ready for this week to be over ! 
What a shitty day ! 
Got a final today .... Hope it goes well ! 
I am hopefully done with finance ! 
I PASSED FINANCE ! HELL YEAH ! 
One paper down and two quizzes to go ! 
Good weekend 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > is a sinister cult 
Got an 87 on my test today ! Woohoo ! I hate night classes with a passion though ! 
Camping was a blast ! Now back to the real world and it is going to suck ! To much to do in to little of time ! 
You cant bullshit a bullshitter ! 
sheep's go to heaven and goats go to hell 
I feel like doing nothing but I have so many things to do ! 
:( 
BLAH on summer school ! 
I love being lazy ! 
:( I am not happy with today at all ! I am pissed , tired , and busy ! 
Going to the ranch ! 
Home again ! 
I love world market ! :) 
First day of class ! Not ready ! 
Kicking ass and taking names ! 
According to < PROPFIRST > , There is nothing like pussy , beer , tits , whiskey , cocaine , stabbing people , flowers , unicorns and rainbows ! I think I might have to agree lol 
Tired ....... of college ! 
Feeling motivated and optimistic today ! Hope my gut feeling isn't playing games with me ! 
YEAH ! Just joined the AMA(it was expensive as hell ) , SIG and I am apart of the New Product Development Program ! This better make my resume impressive or I am gonna be pissed off for all this extra work I have done ! 
I can already tell that today is going to be one hell of a horrible day ! Thank god I am excited for tomorrow ! 
Just made a 92 on my exam this morning ! 
Another shitty morning to start off my weekend ! 
I got requested for US District Court Jury Duty ! I am glad I am a full time student and don't have to do that shit ! 
I hate school .... i am so unmotivated right now ! 
INTENSE SITUATION ! 
Just wrote down 75 definitions in 45 minutes ! Suck it 
No more nose ring ! 
Tired ............... what a long day 
:( Damn Sunday tests ! 
Ordered my Halloween costume ! I am super excited to get it in a couple of days ! 
I like it on the floor ! 
Actually watched a Rangers game for once , very out of character for me ! 
Don't be so open-minded , your brain will fall out ! 
Yesterday was a blast ! I love six flags but I am so exhausted ! 
A decision that doesn't involve risk probably isn't a decision\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Drucker- 
I have to have 20 surveys done in 2 days :( ! If you have time , could you please help me out by highlighting your answers and sending it back to me ! I would really appreciate it . I am sick and don't have time to go out and randomly ask people to do these so it would be so awesome if I ... could get these done online ! If you can just send me your e-mail to ljw0082@hotmail.com and I will e-mail it to you ! 
I hate having the sickness :( 
My head hurts ! I don't want to use my brain anymore ! 
Ordering sushi to go ...... excited and hungry ! 
I hate reading presentations for a prolonged period of time ...... 
I finally have an iphone 
Snow ball fights across the street from cool beans and riprocks is awesome ! 
Blah class ! I am ready to go across the street to fry ! It's so close but yet so far 
The camel guys are not giving out free coupons for ciggarates anymore , just for snus ! Gay 
So much fun , Hooray !!!!! (@ < PROPFIRST>'s Apartment ) http://4sq.com/hA3VaX 
Simply Fondue off of Square Dance in Ft . Worth is AWESOME ! 
I just love getting flat tires on snow days 
The only thing good about snow is school being cancelled ! I live in Texas for a reason ! 
Superbowl Sunday !!!!!!!! 
Finally have a spotless apartment ! It feels good ! 
It is so cold this morning ! Why couldn't classes be delayed just a little bit ???? 
So ready for some spring break fun and friend/family time !!!!!!!! 
I love putang giggle giggle 
I need some opinions on a product that my group made up for a class . It's only opinions so if you are interested in helping me out I will send the product description to you and I would really appreciate it . It has be done by Thursday so PLEASE help me out guys ! 
I need some opinions on a product that my group made up for a class . It's only opinions so if you are interested in helping me out I will send the product description to you and I would really appreciate it . It has be done by Thursday so PLEASE help me out guys ! 
What an intense past couple of days of school ! Glad I get some spring break action after this ! 
Glad I went . I feel a little bit of closure now . Love ya < PROPFIRST > , I think they did the perfect funeral for you ! 
