A new year a new mind a new way a new out look a new time a new place a new person for this year 

people say Netta what happen ? whats ur number i got an old one or i lost it . well get at me and i'll send it to you 
in the words of my cousin .... I ' m stupied bored 
Hello world looking at the day and thanking God for it anyway ... 
my head hurts soooooo bad i don't feel like going to work but i'mma go cause at the moment it's all about dat money 
wishing i was doing something else sleepy bored ... poo 
hello friends and family old and new hope you have a wonderful day today my day is lookin blessed already 
People always wanna hate , I do nothing because people wanna hate I do what I do because I am my own person and all who don't understand that are haters so ... Yo .... Hi HATERS .... BYE HATERS ! 
gonna get me some gogetumgirls tomorrow and go get um lmao !!!!!!!!!! 
misses my phone ..... 
praying ............ 
found my keys ... silly me ... well my son found them but now my car is trying to act up in small ways now ... window will not roll up windshield washer won't work time ti get some holy oil 
No matter how far you run away from God he is still just a Pray away ... Have you talked to him today ???? 
facebook errors are starting to work on my last good nerve 
< PROPMALE > WANTS SOME COOKIES !!!!!!!!!!! HE KEEPS SAYING IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN .... AUNTIE I'M SHIPPING HIM TO YOU FIRST CLASS !!!!!!!!!! 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK ... BEEN UP SINCE 4:50 AM AND I FEEL GREAT HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESSED WEEKEND !!!!!!!!! 
brain is fried and i'm still trying into something tonight but have nothing to get into but the bed lol ... no wild parties for me :( 
this is the day that the Lord has made i will rejoice and be glad in it ..... who will rejoice with me for you have been awaken to a new day closed in your right mind Thank God for he has brought you this far in your own special path and asked that he coni 
I want money lots and lots of money .. i want a pie in the sky ... i wanna be < PROPMALE > .... you know what does pie in the sky have to do with being < PROPMALE > ???? I must have the wrong words .... oh well ... I wanna be < PROPMALE > * does money wanting dance around a big fire .. 
i want something sweet .......... 
Sinus Suck ... MANNNNN if i can't taste all the good grub i plan on eatting i'mma be UPPPPSET .... 
I NEED a BBQ'ed hamburger ASAP !!!!!! 
on my way to work rather be at home sleeping on this rainy day 
I love u my friends & family wit the love dat only I can give I wish u all the very best n every thing u do & Pray 4 u daily ... I wish nothin more than the very best each & every day & if i never say it again God bless ..... 2 u my haters I pary 4 u most of all 4 u just dont understand who I am ... I am a child of God & < PROPFEMALE > u hate on me u r hatin on 1 of Gods most beloved .. I will pary 4 u daily as well . God bless 
May the light of God shine on you always ..... may you always feel like the kings and Queens you r ..... have a wonderful Thursday People .... 
<--- wants one of those shirts the say \(somebody ) went ( somewhere ) and all i got was the crappy shirt\ " ... HAHAHAHAHA " 
trying to get home .... trying to not go home with my son .... 
feels like writing today ... haven't felt that way in months 
sent home way to soon from work 
nite friends and family until tomorrow ... well later 
long lazy day I need a nap 
going home today gotta get ready for work tomorrow car is running once more ... i'mma keep my fingers crossed 
So sad family gettin sick/dyin heart so heavy I aint got room 4 cryin , stay strong 4 those who need me still feel it 2 just like dey do , I know God will bring me thru but when do i get a time 2 sit back & take it all n , 1 of da coolest ppl I every had da joy of knowin & bein kin 2 is gone who do i < PROPFEMALE > on/gather my strength from beside da Lord im just so tired & sad 
But still I keep pressin on .. U did't know him like I did , like we did but still U had the pleasure .. U should feel blessed , like I do , like we do to have had that pleasure ... never meant no one like him so i'll miss him , no we'll miss him more then you'll ever know 
You should have known him like i knew him , like we knew him maybe then you'd know ... I pray he's in a better place so i'll see him , no we'll see him again some day ... my family and my friend I'mma miss you something awful < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) Powell 
Late night can't sleep to much on my mind .... not that anyone cares 
stomach is off doing it's own thing and has been for a few days I know it's the stress ... it's not hurting just doing it's own thing ..... I hope everyone has a blessed and wonderful day .... have you talked to God today .... thanked him for waking ou up .... just because u don't go to chruch doesn't mean you can't have a talk with God 
stomach has a mind of it's own still ... be happy when it's happy ... gotta go to work but don't have a babysitter 
The world needs the rain to wash away the pain and hurt it feels .... After the rain there is promise of a new starts 
Okay , I guess I'll get into the act too . Let's see how honest FB friends are ... leave a one word comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . Keep it going ... it's fun ! 
* EVERY NOW AND THEN IT FEELS LIKE EVERYTHING IS PASSING ME BY AND EVERY NOW AND THEN IT FEELS LIKE MY SHIP HAS GONE AND SAILED AWAY ..... * 
Which one am I ? 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Bangable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : God loving 22 : Smart 23 : Loving 24 : Loyal 25 : Trust worthy 26 : Fake 
Good morning face book ... i'mma finishing cleaning and finally go take a nap 
Went to bed at 3:30 am been up since 7am GOOD MORNING once again facebook nap over time to get it .... LETS GO ! 
nap time for meeeeeeee ......... later facebook 
they wouldn't let me take a nap ..... 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends !! 
Looking for a moment of peace ... 
Happy and blessed .... have a great weekend Facebookers 
it feels so late yet it's not .... not for me any way 
Sometimes when things happen 
Lord these kids .. I love um I do but i'm ready to run and hide 
big grown kids 10 , 8 , & 10 ganging up on a 3yr old cause he hit them ... lord pray for me .... in other news Lord and Facebook pray for the people on my mother block their house is on fire and i just heard the ambulance pull away 
live is so not far you live your life wishing for things you never get .... you stuck making the best out of hard things .... You live you life right you pray and believe and trust in God and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > t and < PROPFEMALE > t and < PROPFEMALE > t .......... i guess i'm just not in a good mood today 
I had dated many times before but the first person to give me flowers was also the first to truly break my heart .... but one can only feel like we live and we learn from the past ... or we make the same mistake over and over again ... 
MMEEEEE SLEEPPPPYYYY .... SOMETIME ... BUT NOT RIGHT NOW 
WOW ...... Funkadelic - Maggot Brain 
Soon my fav bus driver will be on his way to work i wish him a very happy day as he drives the many screaming/crying 3yrs and such to their school 
another day another dollar to be made 
i don't do my hair have a wonderful stylist for that .... man i need to call her asap ... lol my hair is itching like i don't know what ! 
BORED FINDING SOME OF MY OLD STUFF AND REVAMPING IT FOR FACEBOOK 
my babysitter flaking out on me and i asked her like 3 or 4 days in advance 
Facebook never sleeps 
goodnight fam no more poems for me i'mma hit the hay 
I FINALLY FOUND OUT WHAT SMH MEANS TOOK ME LIKE 4EVER .... MAN 
Is there something u've always wanted to tell me but could never say it to my face ? If so what ? 
CHECK IT OUT COMING ONCE AGAIN TO A COMPUTER NEAR YOU World Vibe Radio One !!!! 24/7/365 COMING TO YOU SOON .... The live show starts January 2010 ! VIBE IT UP ! 
Ok nap time later all 
Every blue < PROPFEMALE > i stop look around and take everything in and that is when i start feeling like maybe just maybe i'm getting played 
IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR YA'LL HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A WONDERFUL HOLIDAY 
I am not awake and this day is moving to fast i hope the pace keeps up b cause i am so sleep ... i have to be at work soon 
ok i'mma bout to pass out now 
We are one .... one people ... one world .... one love 
time like this i wish i had a working car .... anyone wanna support the cause i need a new and or working car so i can get back and forth to work 
Some times you wanna feel like your the only one that matters that you are cared about and loved or maybe it's just me maybe i have been spoiled I have been told by my family friends and those i care about that i am a child of God and because of that fact I am beautiful , loved and divine ... because of this i am blessed and that is true and I am thankful for it 
Looking for Dem dere keys to dat dere car i c ... 
BUMED OUT I LOST A POEM WHICH I HAD NO BACKUP FOR 
morning FB 
Never place a whole lot of stock in people 
Gotta date can't be late ...... Oh wait that was last night Now what am i gonna do .... oh well guess i'll just have to wing it 
A new day is here let us be thank for it ....... all who gottA WORK BE HAPPY U GOT A JOB EVEN IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT 
ALWAYS PRAYING FOR MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY , THOSE I KNOW AND THOSE I DON'T KNOW AS WELL AS EVERYONE IN BETWEEN DAILY ... 
I know My son and I are blessed and highly favored and i Thank God for that and for the People God touches everyday to be a blessing in my life ... with out God and those who believe in him I would be nothing ... remember that everyday is a gift and nothing is promised and that all things are possible when you Believe and trust in the Lord .... 
hitting the streets ... hope your weekend is a good one 
feels blah !!!!! 
It does not matter if you agree or disagree with someone . What matters is your there when they need you . You may not have all the right words to say but your presense speaks louder than any words you can speak . 
BLESSED ARE WE WHO GET THE SEE THE NEW YEAR ... IT'S ALMOST HERE CAN'T YOU FEEL IT ... NEW START FRESH OPPORTUNITIES ... LOVE LIVE LIFE 1 
Momma momma i'm so sick call the doctor quick quick quick 
I know what i gotta do but that don't make it easy .... My heart hurts to know that what i thought was wrong and what is left and right .... Lord give the the will and strength to do what i know is best ... and to let go of that which i know i can not change .. 
Heart heavy today but God is good ........... 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
lost 
FOREVER BLESSED EVEN WHEN I DON'T SEE IT OR FEEL IT ... STRONGER EVERY DAY BECAUSE I PUT MY TRUST IN HIM ... EVERYDAY WHEN YOU OPEN UR EYES THANK HIM FOR HE IS GOOD 
When you find a better way to go or if something or some one new comes into your life , the past or some new road block always has a way of popping up ... dnt let those road blocks or the past side track you from you future greatnes 
I'm walking away from somthing good ? Idn't know life is crazy but i hope i'm not , and if i am will i be able to go back .... doubt it guess we'll see how thisll plays out 
LOOKING 4 MY HAPPILY EVER AFTER ...... 
Work is calling my name and i wish it would SHUT UP !!!!! SMH 
Flawed 
everyday is a day to show someone u care happy everyday people 
V-day is always the longest day ever !!!! 11 more hours .... 
Thank goodness < PROPFIRST>'s day is over ... 
< PROPFEMALE > - a dozen roses .... i'm feeling this joint ... to bad i'm the only one 
Missing you ............. 
I actually do read each one of my posts ... Never doubt that I care for you greatly . I am not only glad to count you as family , but also glad to count you as friend .... I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . Lets see who the true friend's are !!! 
to all those who play farmville with me i only need horse shoes and harnesses thanks 
another night at the crib 
Back when i was your age ...... lmao i'm getting old ..... 3 half days to go 
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR THE B-DAY WISHES THEY MEAN A LOT DIDN'T DO ANYTHING TODAY BUT I HAVE A WHOLE WEEKEND TO PARTY ... GO ME ! LOL LOVE YOU ONE AND ALL BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO TAKE THE TIME TO SAY ANYTHING HOPE YOU HAD A WONDERFUL DAY ON MY BIRTHDAY SHOOT HAVE A WONDERFUL WEEK I PLAN TOO ! 
Just another day to be thankful started job # 2 yesterday 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? 
it's been awhile so i thought i'd just say hi .... hi ! 
Soooo ready to push all the haters outta my life 
Brush off the haters and make this life work for you ! 
If u want peace work for justice 
Everyday is an up hill battle but i have been praying more and working on myself by myself ... i have come to realize everyone who claim to be your friend aint and some who never say they love you do more then you'd ever know 
Would you walk , talk , stand by , love , push , teach , lead , & maybe sometime follow me ... NO ??? \ 
\ 
THEN NO NEED TALKING 2 ME . \ 
In life there are people who'll stand beside you & always have your back ... you'd do good 2 know who these people are and keep them close because we all need someone we can count on and turn to . 
HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY PEOPLE 
CAN EVERYONE PLEASE STOP PLAYING THEIR GAMESFOR2\ 
MINUTES AND REPOST THIS ... PLEASE LIFT UP THE < PROPFIRST > LABLUE FAMILY . HE\ 
LOST4 DAUGHTERS , AGES 2-11 IN A HOUSE FIRE LAST NIGHT . HIS 3 YEAR OLDSONAND\ 
WIFE WERE ABLE TO ESCAPE . SHE'S CURRENTLY IN ICU WITH BURNS . ONLY GOD \ 
CAN HEAL THEIRLIVES NOW . PLEASE RE-POST THIS AND START A FB PRAYER 
i need a fan or ac or something i'm not gonna make it in this heat .... not a summer child ... i like fall and spring ... Me and < PROPMALE > gonna melt in this heat 
At the dentist 
sometimes i feel like no one understands me ... everyone acts like they hear yet they don't know what i've said ... they hear me but they don't understand they talk over me cut me off and in the end they know nothing ... So what is there left to do but smile , pray and know that many people feel this way . 
Happy Weekend people .... 2 day for some 3 for others 
ATTEMPTING TO CARE .... \ 
??????????????????? ] 99% Complete ..... ERROR ..!!!!! 
y compare ur self to something fake .... trying being u for a change and see what that gets u and how far 
OOOOOOOOUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHH .... MY TEETH HURT !!!!!!!!! THE DENTIST DON'T LIKE ME ..... 
it's hot in this house and not outside oh i don't know what i'mma do this summer 
People always gotta lot to say on line but never wanna back up amything they say .... internet is soooooooo lame in that way 
at the end of the day you have to ask your self have the things i've done today pleasing in the eyes of the Lord 
EVERYDAY IS A DAY I NEED TO PRAY , FAST , AND GO TO CHURCH ... I DON'T DO IT LIKE I SHOULD AND I KNOW THIS , I WAS RAISED BETTER BY SO MANY PEOPLE YET AS A CHILD I WAS NEVER ONE TO GET UP IN A TIMELY MANNER AND STILL I HAVE ISSUES WITH IT BUT IT'S NO EXCUSE I WILL DO BETTER WITH GODS HELP 
both sides of my family and the class of 2000 calumet career prep academy need to unite .... not all together lol i just know that people haven't come together . When is the last time either side of the family as a whole came together ? and it's been 10yrs met what we doing this year ???? time to come together ! 
morning fbf 
Okay . I will sing to the first person that comments on my post . The second person I will tell you something truthful about me . Third person we will get married in vegas next weekend . lol . Okay let's see if anyone responds ... 
sometime i want i tattoo but then i remember it hurts then i change my mind 
How could i every love again ? How could i start to love again ? After you broke me down it's hard to trust that feeling to fall in love again . ( song one of my favs ) 
Feelin like 99% of my earth bound friends r lettin me sink n a pretty big sea of dispare good thing Gods my everything or who knows what would happen to little 
FYI : YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO \ 
JOKE ... Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit \ 
Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . \ 
Everyone's phone#'s are now beingpublished . Please repost to let your \ 
friends know this is happening so ... they can remove their phone #'s by ... \ 
...... changing their ... privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings - Phone 
I need a lot of time to commit in a relationship . This is what i know to be true cause the men i have come across in my past couldn't earn my trust 
we live and we learn 
I need just 10 mins of quite but it don't look like i'mma get it to night 
hot as ever and it's raining but i'm working hard to make my new space feel like me 
Its krazy how u bust ur butt 4 sum1 but they can't even be there 4 u when u need em ... LIFE 
Life is what you make it and there might be some downs in life but at the same time there are goods ... focus on the good people and u will make it thru 
i can no longer get away from it all 
i wish i had the money it would cost to buy some Christian Louboutin Shoe ... even the discount price ... not saying i would buy them i'd just like to have the money right about now 
At work and took my client out to eat no money so i have to set here help him and watch him eat .. Goodtimes 
i feel like expressing my self today ... love you all !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Y is it dat man is almost always willin 2 go freely bac n the past ? But n da same instance never really willin 2 go dat extra mile & look toward da future wit u , Y can we 4give & remember(never 4gettin but rememberin & learnin from it ) y cant we hold on 2 wats important & part God 1st , Y most ppl always feel da need 2 back track , Stand strong & go hard 4 wat u blieve n or b soft , stand still & go home , just a thought 
My family needs you father i get down on my knees and ask that you touch each and everyone of them all those sick and all those well .. bless my friends everyone i know and may not know give them strenght give them peace give them love in ur name i pray ..... 
it's the weekend hope you enjoy your self ... me well i'm off this weekend and i have nothing planned anybody got any idea about what i can do this weekend ?? Cause nothing comes to mind 
God is n control he is always there & he can always hear ur needs wants & prays even if he does respond have u sat down & talked 2 him 2day he's wantin 2 hear from u .. If u think God is 2 far away guess who moved . 
i am digging this hair style lol to bad i'm the only one ..... don't hate 
Temulac 2000 2010 no party , no picnic ... no class trip football team lost every homecoming class sing/lunch was scary at best .... FAIL ... 
\It's Friday and ready to swing pick up my girls and hit the party since ... tonight oooooh it's alright mmmm so get up and let this funky < PROPFEMALE > get you in the groove cause you know it's alright ! \"" 
went to the Link had a blast still up gotta be at work at 8 am i'm not gonna make it 
Sat .... party at my cuz house had fun BBQ , Cake , Jello shots more food then i feel like name'n but i will say that my family can burn Happy B-day Chavon one more night of partying to go ... Hope tonight is even better then last night for you !!!!.... Lets do it ! 
My life is blessed God is n contorl of my life he wiped his love around me long ago so never < PROPFEMALE > i fall short he will b wit me Thank God 4 my mother Grandmother & Aunt 4 making me go to church when i wanted 2 & < PROPFEMALE > i didn't ... Bcause of them i know the power of God & I have a relationship wit Him ... All those who do please never stop praying 4 me & my fam bcause wit out God i wouldnt b here 
If you gotta girl and u seeing someone on the side don't try to treat your side girl like she yo one and only ... where they do that at ? it is what it is don't try to make more out of it . you can't tell your booty call or side girl what to do ... who r u ? 
God is in contorl remember that and u can make it when times get hard 
stylish within reason priced size 12 womans shoes are so hard to find 
I REMEMBER THE WAYS YOU USE TO LOVE ME .... BUT NOW THOSE DAYS ARE LONG LONG GONE ... BROKEN HEARTED AND ALONE BUT I REMEMEBER ... 
anyone going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > party ???? 
i missed all the fun this weekend but i kicked it with my friend .... so i guess i don't mind to much lets not make it another 10 before we all kick it tho 
three people told me they would do something then did not come through i have been stood up 3 times today & i am pissed off . Don't say ur gonna do something then don't call text nothing don't say u wanna kick it then do everything but that don't say ur gonna look at someones car then flake out dont say ur gonna do something & THEN DONT DO IT ! 
hope this day is great for you FB 
I NEED PARTS IN FARMVILLE SO SEND UR BRICKS , NAILS , AND BROADS MY WAY ... SOME OF U CAN STILL SEND SHOVELS THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP 
Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken . I make mistakes , sometimes out of control , and at times hard to handle ... but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL ... I DARE ... YOU to repost ... this . 
Your son's will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime !!! It's \ Son Week\ " If you have a son(s ) who make your life a son(s ) who make your life worth living by just being around them ..... REPOST " 
i broke my phone ... soooo if i had ur number it's gone and i'll need it so send it to my in box on here and if i didn't then hey don't worry about it lol unless u wanna give it to me 
Well it's a new day be happy and make this day a great day 
been up since 11am yesterday ...... had a great time at the BBQ !!!!!!!!!! gotta love a good party ....... then went to work right after party got off at 7am been running around .... hey if i haven't called u it's cause i broke my phone and need ur number send in to my in box thanks 
R.I.P. my cousin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... GOD called you home ... all those who knew him loved him all those that didn't u missed a blessing in your life ... If i never get to say it again I love my whole family those i have known all my life , those i have meet and grown to love life i have known them all my life and those i have either never met or only met a few times I pray for you all daily 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=OEXr4F5vhY5IZ8gUkLmk\ 
_frsthgl 
i am sooooooooooo about to get cussed out ... i am suppose to be at work at 5pm but i thought this sat was next sat and i went to work at 11:30 am and i have my mom watching my son and well her aint gonna be happy when she finds out i messed up the days ... i'm at home and she got < PROPMALE > she is NOT gonna wanna watch him later and who can blame her it is Sat 
If u want ur children 2 b better then u then u must wake up wit the mindset that u will b better then the day b4 u hav 2 set the example u have 2 teach them & b apart of their life 4 more then food shelter and clothen u hav 2 encourage them love them .... just a thought 
We r masters of our own mind so y do we allow outside influences to get the best of us or take over our thoughts everyday . we r put on this earth with the < PROPMALE > to be better and do better everyday we should be leaders but most r followers .... why ? 
God is good always even when i forget to say please and thank you even when i don't listen and talk back 
trying to fig out how i am going to start this self up grade ... can't up grade someone else or be choosen for that matter if ur not at ur best personal best to start 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=oEpr4xY92Yh9oUeh7hLk\ 
God is in control . So today , tomorrow , and forever i say thank you Lord for giving me what i need when u know i really need it .. not just when i really want it . 
note to self apx 8883469202 ex 3108 
Gotta go 2 work n the mornin & im done stick a toothpick n deep & u will c im so done im burnt , brunt out that is . NGBD's aint worth the time these days i tell u 
At work and once again im of all places at < PROPFEMALE > garden with no money not eating just takin my client oh i do get bread sticks !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > i take my client 2 petsmart & their n the bathroom right , then a guy walks out the bathroom & digs n his butt right n fornt of me .. Yuck ! So ready 2 go home 
Im still working but i got off at 6:15 pm can u say HIGHLY upset , i just wanna go home . 
Home at last ... Ok , time to hit the streets ... 2 my cuz house i go Wooohooo ! 
oh my goodness i had a moment of upset tummy but it's gone now ... deuces !!!!!!!!! 
had a lovely even yesterday just chilling with friends and today chill with friends and family God has been good to me I am healthy and so is my family ... i pray that all of you my friends my family is just as blessed and happy ... Smile it could be worse ... 
At 6:45 am my baby will be 4 years old man time seems to be moving fast and i have been greatly blessed happy birthday E-boogie mommy love you !!!!!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ... Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Happy birthday to all who might be born on this most joy filled day 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=GEsr49YlPYzmtaYzkQ8h\ 
< PROPMALE > IT'S YO B-DAY GO HEAD PARTY CAUSE IT'S YO B-DAY WOOOHOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
thank God for days off work 
All day any day there is NO better radio around check it out now at www.worldviberadio.com #worldviberadio 
Check out wvrvibe.com # 
< PROPMALE>'s party call , im , or text me 4 tomorrow if u come 4pm tomorrow it'll b on 
When is the last time someone told you that you r loved ? Did you believe them ? Why ? Have they shown there love in actions or with words ? have they called u just to say hi sent u a note ... no i'm not talking about the kind of love money brings i'm talking about real love love that is bone deep and true has some1 told u they love 2day no well i love u 
I dont want it 2 b just a physical sensation , i need his heart/mind 2 b fully engaged from the moment his eyes touch mine I want ever lastin love sent by God 
I find that i we never give my heart away again for i am not ready to love not ready to hurt the way u've hurt me i found my self needing some time needing my mind to much to ever love again and i'll always rememeber what it's like remember the long fight to love to be loved never again 
If u ever betrayed me I would kill u . U have 2 know tht . There would b no 4giveness . No mercy , no pity y should there b . U had none 4 me ..... 
Just waking up in the morning gotta thank God i dont know but today seems kind of odd 
Lord give me strenght im once again still work when i should be off and im not getting paid for it .... give me strenght lord 
wrote poem and i reread it and it was still mixed up man i'm off my game today 
every song i have ever heard from < PROPMALE > is a hit to me i don't know bout nobody else 
they just won't let me sleep !!!!! 
This brings to mind so many people , too many people , I know and care about : Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died ......... because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
my baby is at his daddy house i miss him but i gotta work ..... my Niyah and < PROPFEMALE > are taking his place on the drive Auntie Sheenetta crazy train Lord help me !!!!! 
So grown So Sex Yes i will always be that chick that others hate on .... if this don't apply don't reply but if it do go ahead and hate on me xoxoxox 
u know wat , say wat u mean & mean wat u say don't give me the run around , cause I don't have time dont come 2 me like I should fall down on my knees & kiss ur butt like I owe u 4 talkin 2 me , I AM A CHILD OF GOD & by that alone I am great by that alone u should respect me i am not without mistakes but i am not 2 b treated any less then i treat u 
ok FBF off to work i go .... later 
Time to rethink some things ... your mind is a place of infinite possibilities don't block urself from acheiving the greatness that is within us all 
hmmm .... what time is church over i think i'm already late ... i'm sleepy ... i gotta go to work .... excuses i know but all true ... Lord help me 
wind , rain , seconds of sun shine then it starts again ... i had a good day because after i got done with things i needed to day i got to sleep in 
ok so everyone thinks thats it's ok and it's not ok ok ok so stop telling me it's ok ok 
ok so i was watching news tonight and heard about a woman who killed her child by Shaking the poor baby because she was pissed off that the baby won't stop crying while she was on facebook playing farmville i mean what kind of world i tell u it's time to get right with God cause this nonsince just can't keep happening Lord i pray for that family for that lady there is no excuse ... this must stop 
beat down bed time for me .... got ish to do in the day time ... night ppl 
hello fbf i've slept and now i'm ready for the next couple days that i will work all most non stop without sleep lol 
i'm sitting here listenin 2 this song & i'm tripping how u gonna say u want a down female who would have ur back no matter what u doing then at the same time say the only way 2 keep a female in line is 2 beat her ??? thats not right & let it b known sooner or later that chick would turn on u 
later fbf off to work i go ... 
juat got off work i am sooooooooooo sleepy but i can't sleep yet gotta be up with my boy ... oooh i need a nap had plans today now they on stand by ... wheres a good babysitter when you need um ? 
still haven't been to sleep 
i woke up feeling Gods blessing on me i walked through this day knowing that he is real and i am loved Thank God for my healthy family and friends thank God for those i know and don't know thank God for you . 
I WISH I COULD HAVE A BIG OL PARTY AND INVITE YOU ALL I MISS MY PEOPLE .... HEY WOULD U EVEN COME ? 
i count the hrs , mins , days till i c u again its bn so lng since u bn n the same room wit me i find myself needin u 2 smile or say something 2 make me laugh just can't wait till we cross paths my friend 
i miss school ..... college that is 
< PROPMALE > Ramsey once said ... There are two different kinds of people in this world : Those that finish what they start , and 
HAPPY VETERANS DAY TO ALL VETERANS , MILITARY OFFICALS , AND TO ALL THOSE STILL FIGHTING THANK YOU 
Running to work long day ahead 
ok i'll bite ... ask me any question in my inbox and i'll answer it anonymously and honestly in my status . YES REALLY ANY QUESTION ! 
Q : Will i ever have a < PROPMALE > with you A : Wow didn't know u had any interest n me n the 1st place ... yes .. u said it ur self its HOW 2 PLAY THE HAND U'VE JUST BEEN DEALT ... Q A ur move ;) 
Ok who's next ask me anything in the Inbox and i will answer it here lets get this show on the road !!! 
wow this questions are getting good ! 
Q : Did u < PROPFEMALE > mean it when u said u liked me back when ...? A : Yes i meant/mean it but we live in to very different worlds and i just don't see our worlds ever connecting . 
Q & A ??? 
and now it's time for a break down .... never gonna get it , never gonna get it , never gonna get it , never get it ..... mmmmmmmm bop .... En vogue moment 
guess no one wants to play the QnA GAME with me :( 
Q : Who did you have a crush on in H.S. A : lol no fair ... ok i had a crush on two people J.M. and R.M which I did fall in ( high school ) love with but who sadly liked the and knocked up the girl on the \first floor\ " go figure " 
hm .......... Rick Wakeman Journery to the centre of the earth ??????? 
this whole car breaking down when i least expected it mess is getting old i was suppose to go to work today and couldn't was suppose to go to work tomorrow and can't my car guy seems to busy to fix my car and slightly all over the place i need my money i gotta a dog coming in a few days and he gonna need his puppy chow a child who gonna need stuff and i need stuff lets not get on the bills 
i didn't kno some people unfriended me for unfriend day until i saw them under my People You May Know area guess those arent real friends lol good thing i didn't miss um 
another day ... and it is good 
turkey day ! 
I feel ill .... 
Just saw somthin on tv bout sellin ur giftcards , Y sell um regift them or use them , If u no me give them 2 me , never heard of some1 havin 2 many giftcards 
Dear God/Future husband id never intentionaly betray u Not by word , deed , not even by thought & i know ull always do the same L.Y. 
whats the < PROPFIRST > game about 
never enough time , money , or sleep but i'm forever blessed 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=2E6r4g7M787C854YLQw8\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=gEyr4t76787Wwk2aLaZa\ 
dang ya'll should peep my boy Chef < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > aka Neo Abyss lookin at all that food on his < PROPFEMALE > got a sister hungry ... u should check it tho he can cook 4 u ... if he do call me tho lol 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=VExr418C7Y71UUR77oxx\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=yEKr4C857Y7DLaoY0oka\ 
you say you love me but you lie 
i feel 
ooooh i feel dumb right now ... 
i feel like my noise could just fall off at any second .... waiting waiting 
Skype is fun ! Sheenytg hit me up 
happily excited by ur cologne ... U woo me , u court me , u tease me , u please me , u school me . Give me thing 2 thing about ignite me , u invite me , co-write me , u love me , u like me , u excite me to chorus 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a F*** !!!!!!!!!! COPY N PASTE IF U LIKE .. 
this is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice and be gald in it 
it time to stop tripping on other people bs i mean really the more you think of them the more power you giving them 
guys if you meet a girl who tells u she won't have sex with u until after 90 days would u stop talking to her , date her for the 90 days just to get some or think better of her and really try to get to know her ? your answer and why ? 
Nucking Futs Nix 
sometimes i wonder if i have many real thinkers as friend on here 
\Sheenetta your going to hell in a basket with petro draws on\ " .... Well aren't u just oh so ready to cast the first stone ... guess i should duck now ! " 
March is just a step away and here is the rain always raining in march with snow still on the ground lol then it freezes and there is ice ..... almost always cold icy and or rain/wet for my birthday 
my baby look like a wolf by the head i haven't gotten his hair cut in 4 weeks .... bad mommy 
you know your man a dog if u been with him all year and he aint done nothing for you but think because it's tax time \ya'll\ " bout to get paid ..... " 
Thank you Lord for lighting my way . With God on my side how can i not win . goodmorning FB have u prayed today ? 
HUNGRY 
if your still up or just getting up and it's past 12am there as it is here Good morning if not then good night don't forget to pray < PROPMALE > 
really ? 
Wow it's March all ready can u believe it .... God is good ! 
Good morning isn't wonderful how you are blessed and able to see a new day have to thanked God today ? 
3 months to go and counting 
hard to shop for a person when u dont know what they need/like yet 
March 16 Happy B-day and RIP < PROPFEMALE > R . < PROPFIRST > 
sleepy now night night 
Athazagoraphobia the fear of being forgotten 
up late tonight now i'm sleepy ... nighty night ... or morning 
the count down starts now ...................... 
Well i'm da big 03 so now what ???? Party over HERE !!!!!!! 
I thank God 4 lettin me c another yr I am havin a wonderful day & the weekend is just startin thank all who & called , texted & facebooked me 2 wish me well I feel so blessed dat u would take those few seconds out of ur life 2 do dat 4 me makes me wanna smile from ear 2 ear & I luv ya 4 it truly I do u can make a diffence by doing so little/make a person feel good w a smile & a simple hi < PROPFEMALE > u walk by God bless u all . 
Day too and i'm on the move got things to do this B-day weekend TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!! 
all and all i am blessed i have great friends and family and my birthday was wonderful who can ask for anything more 
Ok everyone who gave me there number at anytime in the last i don't know ... ever ! i need you to give it to me again i lost my old phone and had to buy a new one all who have my number just text me & let me know who u r so i can re add u thanks a million ... all those who have called to wish me happy bday i got your number if i answered the phone & talked to u inbox ur < PROPFIRST > thanks ! 
