Your nuts ! N-V-T-S nuts ! 

We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that we become disguised to ourselves -Francois de La Rochefoucauld 
why does i hurt when i pee 
well his eyes burned from the bright lime light , so he found comfort in a bottle of ol ' < PROPFIRST > beam 
Well , I've been listening to a lot of < PROPFIRST > Zappa and I must say , he cracks me up ! My guitar wants to kill your mama 
NARCISSIST : If you were me , you'd be one too 
well .... roses are red and violets are purple , sugar is sweet and so is < PROPFEMALE > surple 
you can't roller skate in a buffalo herd , or go fishing in a watermelon patch 
don't leave mad , just leave 
I only wanna see you laughing in the purple rain 
I've been really tryin ' , baby Tryin ' to hold back this feelin ' for so long And if you feel like I feel , baby Then come on , oh , come on Whoo , let's get it on 
You are < PROPFIRST > Daniels Tennessee Whiskey ! Definitely a classic , you adapt to all situations --- from quiet nights to loud parties -- you fit in ! While you have a feisty side , there is something unmistakably smooth about your character .. 
How I wish , how I wish you were here . We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year , Running over the same old ground . What have you found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here . 
Hey you ! Get offa my cloud ! 
Run to the hills . Run for your life ! 
I've been really tryin ' baby . Tryin ' to hold back this feeling for so long . And if you feel like I feel , baby Then , c'mon , oh , c'mon Let's get it on 
There was a ragged band that followed in our footsteps Running before time took our dreams away Leaving the myriad small creatures trying to tie us to the ground To a life consumed by slow decay The grass was greener , the light was brighter , with friends surrounded . The nights of wonder 
Are you ready to check into a Vegas hotel under a false name in an attempt to commit capitol fraud on a head full of acid ? I sure hope so 
oo baby baby it's a wild world . it's hard to get by just upon a smile 
If you don't eat your meat , you can't have any pudding . How can you have pudding if you don't eat your meat ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > brown , texture like sun . Lays me down , with my might she runs . Throughout the night , no need to fight . Never a frown with < PROPFEMALE > brown 
you are the wind that gives my wings license to soar .... HA ! 
You cried a thousand tears , darling don't despair . I know you heart still bleeds . Darling don't you care , there's blood in your tears 
It's a long way back from Hell 
Remember the song from Gieko ? Yeah , the one in the airport . Haaaa ! That's right , I have it as my profile song 
Well ... I'm now coming to grips with the reality of me being white , honky-cracker , captain wafer looking ..... I know , I know . It was as big a shock to you as it was to me . My whole world has been turned upside down face 
It's a safe assumption that you'd want to save me now . But I'll never face castration . For your sacred sow is left slaughtered !! 
how come my track record with the ladies suck ? sometimes i wonder why , then i remember that i really dont care . is that my problem ya think ? probably is . oh well . green grass and high tides forever hehee lol 
It's a safe assumptionm , that you'd want to save me now . But I'll never face castration . For your sacred sow is left slaughtered ! 
Bark at the < PROPFEMALE > 
well .... All I want for Christmas is 2 staight jackets 
While down below the trees . Bathed in cool breeze . Silver starlight breaks down the night . And so we pass on by the crimson eye of great god Mars , as we travel the universe 
I was goin through the store looking at different styles of straight jackets . All of them made me hug myself too tightly . I mean , ELO's song says Hold On Tight To Your Dreams , but come on ! Enough's enough . lol 
all my ex's live in ... what ? DAMNIT ! 
he who tries will be wasted . feed my eyes . now you've sewn them shut 
here i am 
hey you ! get offa my cloud 
HEY hey YOU you GET OFFA MY CLOUD 
' cause ya can't , ya won't , and ya don't stop 
carpe diem 
Exorcist 3 : Exercise this ! 
i wish i was an < PROPFIRST > mayer wiener 
no fat man on my roof yelling about hookers tonight . wheeeeew ! 
Come see me in my new movie The Exorcist 3 : Excercise This 
i gotta knife so sharp it'd cut kalista flockhart in two 
Live fast ' cause if you don't take it , you'll never make it 
We're all clones 
And you run and you run to catch up to the sun , but it's sinking . Racing around to come up behind you again 
And then one day you find , ten years have got behind you . No one told you when to run , you missed the starting gun 
If you don't eat your meat , you can't have any pudding . HOW CAN YOU HAVE ANY PUDDING IF YOU DON\T EAT YOUR MEAT !!! " 
he met a girl with < PROPFEMALE > in her eye . he gave her love , she took his name 
So , so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell , blue skies from pain . Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? A smile from a veil ? Do you think you can tell ? And did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts ? Hot ashes for trees ? Hot air for a cool breeze ? Cold comfort for change ? And did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage ? 
Five fingers crawl around your neck . The more you live , the more they take . The more you breathe , the more they want . Five fingers cross ; upon your face . You leave me cold . Couldn't pay the price . You leave me cold . Cold as the ... 
Five fingers crawl around the room . The more you want , it seals your doom . The more they take , extends your pain . Five fingers crawl and end the game . You leave me cold . Couldn't pay the price . You leave me cold . Cold as the ... 
The end will crush the light , and sends a message . It won't please the naked eye . Without an end there is no light . To foretell , to blind you . The law of the claw reigns on and after still . When I die , I cast a shadow And I'll rise , I cast a shadow 
If so , well , we'll just have to cut his head off and bury him somewhere , ' cause it goes without saying that we can't turn him loose . He'd report us at once to some kind of outback Nazi law enforcement agency and they'll run us down like dogs . Jesus , did I say that ? Or just think it ? Was I talking ? Did they hear me ? 
3000 years in the Cave of Wonders is such a crick in the neck ! 
Pain monopoly , ritual misery . Chop your breakfast on a mirror 
Its a safe assumption you'd want to save me now , but I'll never face castration . For your sacred sow is ...... slaughtered 
who said anything about cuttin ' you up , man ? i just wanted to carve a little \z\ " in your forehead " 
they cometh hither to wither ..... aaahhhhh I don't know what I'm talking about 
we all live in a yellow submarine 
Been watching Good Fellas . I LOVE THIS SH .. stuff lol 
\ ... you talk funny . where are you from ? \ " \ " california\ " \ " I HATE CALIFORNIA !! \"" 
possession of the mind is a terrible thing . it's a transformation with an urge to kill . not the body of a man from earth . not the face of the one you love , ' cause i turned into a martian . i can't even recall my name . i never hardly sleep at night . well , i turned into a martian today 
caoooooooookie crisps 
Narcissit : If you were me , you'd be one too 
sanitarium : welcome home . psychotown mental institute . we don't like \sanitarium\ " because we're everything but clean !!! HAHAHAHAAAAA " 
I look at the world , see the love there that's sleeping . While my guitar gently weeps 
Follow close . Train of fools ! Just like them , just like you ! 
\you can't go wrong with hash\ " \ " Oh yes it can . Ground meat can go very wrong for me and everyone in this room will suffer the consequence\ " lol ( very heartily ) " 
GREAT < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Agony is the price that you'll pay in the end . Domination consumes you , then calls you a friend . It's a twisted fall , binds are like steel 
Master , master . Where's the dreams that I've been after . Master , master . You promised only lies . Laughter , laughter . All I hear or see is laughter . Laughter , laughter . Laughing at my cries 
Arise my fellow peoples . For I woke up and cannot go back to sleep , so neither shall you !!! MWAHAHAHAAAA 
God forbid you ever had to walk a mile in his shoes . Then you really might know what it's like to sing the blues 
Doc said my new medicine along with the others would help me sleep better . She lied , all I've got is cottonmouth . Real bad cottonmouth 
Something Something Something Dark Side is HILARIOUS !!! 
Don't bring me down A-woohooo 
I'm the urban spaceman , baby , I've got speed . I've got everything I need 
Tell me , is something eluding you , sunshine ? Is this not what you expected to see ? If you wanna find out whats behind these cold eyes , you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise 
what is this \valentine's day\ " thing I keep hearing about ?? " 
I ain't ' fraid of no ghost 
WHOOA . I need to lay off the coffee HA-CHAA-CHA-CHA-CHAA -- CHA-CHAAA 
Pleased to meet you . Hope you guess my name 
Mon Frere 
On Mafia Wars , someone send me a < PROPFIRST > from the free gifts 
I saw a red door and I want it painted black . No colors anymore I want them to turn black . I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes . I have to turn my head until the darkness goes 
Here come the dancers 1 by 1 Your mama's callin ' , but you're havin ' fun . You find youu're dancin ' on that number 9 cloud . Put your hands together and sing it out loud 
You break my strings ! No more whammy bar for you ! 
Still mad at myself for breaking my strings using the whammy bar . Last time I play Pantera . Ok .. we all know thats a lie ! 
YEAH 
RAINING BLOOD ! From a lacerated sky 
Revenge ! I'm screaming revenge again . Wrong ! I've been wrong for far too long . Been constantly so frustrated , I've moved mountains with less . When I channel my hate to productive , I don't find it hard to impress -Pantera 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are together in eternity . 40,000 men and women every day , like < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Another 40,000 coming every day ; are greedy for happiness . Come one baby , don't fear ther reaper . Baby take my hand . Don't fear the reaper . We'll be able to fly . Baby I'm your man 
Will we survive this sleep ? or how about \ .. for your sacred sow is left SLAUGHTERED !!! \"" 
Four winds and the Four Winds Bar . Two doors locked and windows barred . One door to let you take it in , the other one just mirrors it 
crazy people are at my house right now . shhhhh 
the crazies have left my head . whoa ! this is no different ! HA ! 
we are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others , that in the end we become disguised to ourselves -Francois De la Rouchefoucauld 
This is a test of the Emergency Broadcasting System . Please reply if you care that you're not sucked up by a tornado 
Three blind mice .... where the hell are they goin ? 
Life's the same . I'm moving in stereo . Life's the same , except for my shoes 
We all live on a yellow submarine 
Support Chile if you can . Our prayers are with you 
Drink apple juice : OJ will kill you ! .... He just might 
Children of tomorrow live in the tears that fall today . Will the sunrise of tomorrow bring in peace in any way ? Must the world live in the shadow of atomic fear ? Can they win the fight for peace or will they disappear ? 
sniffin ' paint since the 7th grade . she was high on gin and gaterade . on turpintine she lost her luck , fell in front of a speeding pickup truck . he was a boy of soft demeanor , and he loved his carburator cleaner . the vapors made a sweet aroma , sniffed himself into a coma . 
RAINING BLOOOOOD ! From a lacerated sky !!!! 
Look . You know that I know , that you know I know and it doesn't really matter . There are new things in the universe like anti-matter 
Run to the hills ! Run for your lives ! 
I've seen a lot of things ... but I'll tell ya , the one thing I haven't seen , is the back of my head 
let the < PROPFEMALE > prevail . Even if I'm < PROPFEMALE > /German/Cherokee !! 
time everlasting , time to play besides . time ain't on my side , got no time to slow . -blue oyster cult .... good stuff 
i came here for two reasons , and one of them is kickin your ass !!! hahhaha 
cain't never could 
\Why don't you just go < PROPMALE > a dragon\ " -me " 
that's not funny , it's stupid . i hate it ! ' n I hate you !! lol 
Mr. Crowley , won't you ride my white horse ? Oh , Mr. Crowley , it's symbolic of course . 
we look into the shadows and a silhouette is seen . In front of that , rising out of the fog , a chinese midget ( same thing ! .... just kinding ) kicks your ass for making fun of his stature . Who's the big man now ? mwahahahaa 
Ya know , I'm beginning to like Judas Priest more and more everyday . Gotta love Breaking The Law , You've Got Another Thing Coming , and All Guns Blazing . Oh yeah , that's the stuff 
i like jello !! yaaayyyyy ! 
you dont know what its like , you dont have a clue . IF U DID YOU D FIND YOURSELF DOING THE SAME THING TOO . BREAKING THE LAW 
Deathrattle sakes 
Deathrattle shaking 
and then 
I just figured out the meaning of life , but if I told you , it'd kill me 
whoaaaa-oo o-o oo o-o oo for the longest time 
i looked back to see if you were looking back to see if i was looking back at you 
Remember the Alamo and the year we harvested the beans\\n <- whitehawk -> 
the dream team 
gangrene 
you wanna hear something nasty ? gangrenous puss-filled void HA ! 
trust me , I'm a Jedi 
goodbye horses 
Don't talk with your mouth open !! 
Giggidy giggidy ... Giggidy goo\\n <- whitehawk -> 
Whoooaa here she comes . She's a man eater\\n <- whitehawk -> 
i love Super Metroid . save the trees , eat a beaver 
Trust me , I'm a Jedi\\n <- whitehawk -> 
Put this on your status if you know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to thegalaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
ahhhhhh yeeeeaah 
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination 
I remember doing the time warp 
When all is one and one is all , to be a rock and not to roll 
Floats like a butterfly and stings like when I pee 
Such a lovely day . I think I'll go out the window 
Clear Eyes .... get the red out . wow 
J-E-L-L-O It's alive 
Splice this !! 
Go too fast , turn too quick .... might roll over and crush your onion 
ahhhhhh yea . got the \can't sleep\ " blues " 
SHUT UP-A YOUR FACE !!! lol 
they sssstole it from usssss . MY PRECIOUSSS ! 
There walks a lady we all know . Who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold . And if you listen very hard , the tune will come to you at last . When all is one , and one is all . To be a rock and not to roll 
feeling reclusive here lately 
And when the night is cloudy , there is still a light that shines on me . Shine until tomorrow , let it be . I wake up to the sound of music , mother < PROPFIRST > comes to me . Speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
What would you do if I sang outa tune ? Would you stand up and walk out on me ? ... I get by with a little help from my friends 
Have you seen my doppleganger ? \\n <- whitehawk -> 
3 blind mice . where the hell are they going ? 
you're nearly a laugh , but you're really a cry 
I'm liking the song \Psycho Killer\ " by the Talking Heads . Good stuff " 
c'est la vie 
i love not being able to sleep .... it's a refreshing kick in the .... it's like that book \Trails in the Sand\ " by < PROPFIRST > Dragon " 
I have a < PROPFEMALE > bullet-proof shield the exact size of a bullet somewhere on my body , and if you hit it , your plans will be foiled . You'll be the laughing-stock of me 
Don't ya hate it when someone you don't know , calls your phone at 2 in the morning !! I WANNA FIGHT NOW !!!! 
Here comes the dancers one by one . Your momma's callin ' , but you're having fun -Bad Company .... good stuff 
gotta love < PROPMALE > ferguson ! he always makes me laugh 
that's what they for pretending the danger is not real 
Did you know too much coffee will make your head tingle ? I did , but I did it anyway ! lol 
You run and you run to catch up with the sun , but it's sinking . Racing around to come up behind you again . The sun is the same in a relative way , but you're older . Shorter of breath and one day closer to death 
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again 
I don't know . What's on your mind ? 
shine on you crazy < PROPFEMALE > 
todays forecast : partly cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of doom 
Common ruse , dirty face . Pretty noose sells pretty hate , and I don't like what you've got me hanging from 
As < PROPMALE > would say : I'm fat and beautiful ..... Narcissism : Use it or lose it 
Whooooo , I make one hell of a brownie !! 
hold on tight to your dreams 
i did all your homework for ya , and I'll sell it BACK to you . Fifty thousand F'n dollars a < PROPFEMALE > 
nothing like some good ol ' deathrattle shakes 
I don't know , but I've been told ...... 
Confucius say : Man who stands on toilet is high on pot 
I'm burnin ' , I'm burnin ' , I'm burnin ' for you ..... gotta love some Blue Oyster Cult 
Welcome to the cool side of the pillow 
Ace of Spades by Motorhead ..... good stuff 
Clowns , they scare the children . Roll around the ring . The animals , they wanna kill anyone - anything 
Anyone knows and ant can't move a rubber tree plan 
THE ANIMALS , they wanna KILL ANYONE - ANYTHING 
great white buffalo 
Pink < PROPMALE>'s \The Wall\ " is one of my favorite movies of all time ! It's up there with \ " Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas\ " and \ " Pulp Fiction \"" 
I'm finding out that I'm addicted to Toblerone and root beer . hmmmmm . 
I've been listening to \Love Bites\ " by Def Leppard for some odd reason " 
I feel like poop . Didn't sleep one bit last night 
Good ol ' < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on windows media player . music to my ears . blind < PROPFIRST > mctell 
We'll grind that axe for a long time 
Getting ready for work in Chatsworth . I hate that ride with a passion . Someone needs to develop a teleportation device ... quick 
crazy .... toys in the attic , he is crazy 
We are so accustomed to disguising ourselves to others , that in the end , we become disguised to ourselves -Francois De La Rouchefacauld 
Hello ? If you see this , give me a \YEAH ! \"" 
It makes them disappear 
And to yourself you will befall 
Evil in your eyes , baby , I don't care 
it's a long way back from hell 
and i know i'm sayin ' goodbye , and i know that i'm going down to die -Danzig 
I've always liked Danzig but i'm really diggin them right now 
I am really diggin me some Danzig 
Remember the Alamo and the year we harvested the beans 
Watching good ol ' Pulp Fiction . Gotta love that movie ! Probably watch The Wall later 
What Decade Fits Your Personality Best ? -- My Result : 1970's . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/207044/referrals/status?aid=1095368005 
Who ya gonna call ? 
Came the last night of sadness , and it was clear that she couldn't go on . The door was open and the wind appeared . The candles blew then disappeared . The curtains flew and then he appeared , sayin ' \don't be afraid . \ " Don't fear the reaper " 
Whoever is talking about me stop ! My ears are burning .... unless it's good stuff , then , do tell ! 
What would you do if I sang outa tune ? Would you stand up and walk out on me ? 
Once again I am posting this : Who is this fat man named Klaus who runs around on people's rooftops yelling about prostitutes ?! 
My mom told me that she woke up last night at 3am to dad eating some < PROPFEMALE > and he said , \Don't look \"" 
I just bowled a 185 on the Wii ! Yay me ! 
10,000 years in the Cave of Wonders ..... 
All we are is dust in the wind 
“Intolerance is evidence of impotence . ” -Aleister Crowley 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is so tough that there is no < PROPFEMALE > under his beard .... just another fist 
I can't bring people back from the dead ... It's not a pretty picture . I DON'T LIKE DOING IT ! 
It's astounding , time is fleeting . Madness takes its toll 
Mr. Wendall yeah . Anybody remember the band Arrested Development ? 
I can see you're not about to fall for any of my lines . I see the want to in your eyes 
Goodbye horses . I'm dyin ' over you 
Has anyone ever wondered if < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was saying \Hold me closer < PROPFIRST > Danza\ " instead of \ " tiny dancer ? \"" 
I put a spell on you . Because you miiinnee 
Making some brownies ...... and no , they are not that kind !! 
Everyone go to Mircrosoft Excel's < PROPFEMALE > click \Excel Contest\ " then click \ " See what others said\ " and type my name into the search box and vote for me !! I want to win an Xbox 360 w/ Kinect package " 
In-a-godda-da-vida < PROPFEMALE > , don't you know that I love you . In-a-godda-da-vida baby , don't you know that I'll always be true 
Oh tell me where your freedom lies . The streets are fields that never die\ 
Deliver me from reasons why You'd rather cry , I'd rather fly 
St. < PROPFIRST > said he's never been dressed up like woman 
“He who controls others may be powerful , but he who has mastered himself is mightier still” ~ Lao Tzu 
Tiiiiiiiime is on my side , YES IT IS ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on there wall . The Bible says if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . 
I see a red light in June , and I hear crying . You turn newborn baby blue . Now we're all the virus 
I took you home . Set you on the glass . I pulled off your wings , then I laughed 
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately , to front only the essential facts of life , and see if I could not learn what it had to teach , and not , when I came to die , discover that I have not lived . ” ~ Henry < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Does anyone else like \The Masque of the Red Death\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe as much as I do ? " 
Veni , vidi vici 
Well it's guitars and cadillacs , hillbilly music 
Lasciate ogne speranza , voi ch'entrate 
Krakatoa 
When the truth is found to be lies , and all the joy within you dies . Don't you want somebody to love 
I feel like turning into a martian today . WHO'S WITH ME ?!? 
I feel as if I am going CRAZY !! 
Doot Doot Doooo lookin ' out my back door 
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . ~ Terry Pratchett 
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love . \ 
~ Friedrich Nietzsche 
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark ; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light . ~ Plato 
Oh what a tangled web we weave , when first we practice to deceive ~ Sir < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
We are all subatomic particles that make up someone else's planet Earth and ultimately their universe ~ Me 
I swear there's a method to the madness ! I just haven't figured it out yet . I f you know something I don't , pray tell 
Insipientia corde suo , non es deus . Non est < PROPFEMALE > qui adorem . Non es usque ad unum . Es excommunicatus , ex unione fidelium 
Who are you ? Who , who ? Who , who ? I REALLY WANNA KNOW ! 
The next time you have a thought .... let it go ~ Ron White 
\She turned me into a newt ! \ " \ " A newt ? \ " \ " ..... I got better . \"" 
The way you made them suffer , your exquisite wife and mother , fills me with the urge to defecate ! Since , my friend , you reveal your deepest fears , I sentence you to be exposed before your peers : TEAR DOWN THE WALL !! 
Tumultuous 
Call me Destinova , Eternal Light . These gravely digs of mine will surely prove a sight . And don't forget my dog , fixed and consequent 
When you look into the abyss , the abyss also looks into you ~ Nietzsche 
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others ~ Lucretius 
Rock and roll hoochie coo 
propaganda 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > ! 
When we look at modern man , we have to face the fact , that modern man suffers from a kind of poverty of the spirit , which stands in glaring contrast to its scientific and technological abundance . We've learn the fly the air like birds , we've learned to swim the seas like fish , and yet we haven't learn to walk the Earth as brothers and sisters ~ Dr. < PROPMALE > 
In the midst of my despair i was coming up for air , and i was dazzled by you 
And Shepherds we shall be\ 
For thee , my Lord , for thee . \ 
Power hath descended forth from Thy hand\ 
Our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy commands . \ 
So we shall flow a river forth to Thee\ 
And teeming with souls shall it ever be . \ 
In nomine Patris , et Fili , et Spiritus Sancti . 
Manipulation 
Desecration 
Ground control to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
This is the end , my only friend , the end 
I believe in Jesus Christ ( Yeshua Hamashiach ) and have accepted him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... in the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven ( < PROPFIRST > 10:33 ) . This is simple , if you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost this 
Driving that train high on cocaine . < PROPFIRST > Jones you better watch your speed 
I don't do this for nothing , you pay me . I did all your homework for you , and I'll sell it back to ya ! Fifty thousand dollars a < PROPFEMALE > 
It's better to die upon your feet than to live upon your knees ! ~ Emiliano Zapata Salazar 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mill of his on free will , on half a pint of shanty , was particularly ill . Plato , they say , could stick away ; half a crate of whiskey everyday . Aristotle , Aristotle was a bugger for the bottle ..... 
Follow close ! Train of fools . Just like them , just like you ! 
The question isn't who is going to let me ; it's who is going to stop me . ~ Ayn Rand 
For the record , I am not a burnt spy . I have no need for sunscreen ! :) 
Wow . Temperature is back to 102 . I feel ..... just wonderful ..... Can't even sleep . Luckily I still have some of my anti psychotic meds . So , he in a minute , we're gonna try this out and hopefully ... hopefully , I'll be asleep soon with some very vivid dreams l o l . Enthusiastic 
We are all brothers under the skin . And I , for one , would be willing to skin humanity to prove it ~ Ayn Rand 
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us , with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke , and a presumption that once our eyes watered . ~ Tom Stoppard 
Make ready to slaughter his sons for the guilt of their fathers ; Lest they rise and posses the earth , and fill the breadth of the world with tyrants 
Delay is the deadliest form of denial ~ C . Northcote Parkinson 
I'm through humoring you . I am learning to hate you , it's true .... yeah good ol ' tunes from Lagwagon 
I am born time and again . I'm the wind and rain in your face . I was raised by anger in flames . Hell you say , that is my name ! 
Infamous me 
I rode a tank , held a general's rank when the blitzkrieg raged and the bodies stank . Please to meet you , hope you guess my name 
My Top Profile Viewers Are :\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Deyton - 759 views , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Harkins - 401 views , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > - 38 views , \ 
Angel Smith - 4 views , \ 
see who viewed your facebook profile @ http://fb-views.appspot.com/?1325 
Polydactyly 
One day from the depths of his deep darken hole . He reached out for something to feel . She offered back nothing but lack of respect , so he let himself out with 2 barrels of steel . She cried in the day , she cried in the night . She cried loudest when someone was near . Whether crying for him or she cried for herself . The bigger the camera the bigger the tear 
Something something something darkside . Something something something complete 
And out of the darkness came the hands that reach through nature , moulding men . < PROPMALE > Lord Tenneson 
In my heart there's a wind , and it swirls up a din . It's so loud it drowns my mind . 
Pounding out aggressing , turns into obsession cannot kill the battery . Cannot kill the family battery is found in me ! 
I can't seem to face up to the facts . I'm tense and nervous and I can't relax . I can't sleep ' cause my bed's on fire . Don't touch me , I'm a real live wire 
My name is < PROPMALE > Murphy . I used to be a spy .... I'm not a burned spy , ... I'm just a little toasty , that's all 
Drink apple juice , O.J. will kill you 
Why does it hurt when I pee ? I don't want no doctor to stick no needle in me . I got it from the toilet seat . It jumped right up and grabbed my meat 
Death is on the midway , gamblin ' with souls . Roulette on the wire , ace in in the hole . I sink beneath the feelin ' , < PROPFEMALE > is in my hands . A crooked wheel of twenty-one , I just don't understand . No ! Laugh ! Drown and laugh ! 
If you can't stand upon the water I will see you on the ocean floor . When you blink do you only find the misery between the lines ? Then take my hand and walk with me . Come to me , your sanctuary , I'll gladly accept the gift that I've been granted . \ 
If you feel fine , give it just a little time , I'm sure you'll contract my disease . Look what you've done to me now . You've made me perfect 
It looks like that dude is coming over here . Well he's going over there , but there is a part of here , so i guess what I'm saying is that here is there 
Dog eat dog everyday . On our fellow man we prey . Dog eat dog to get by , hope you like my genocide 
Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves in labyrinths of < PROPFEMALE > caves , the < PROPFEMALE > of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand and everything is green and submarine 
came up with this back in the wild days . Bad < PROPFEMALE > Rising : \There's a bathroom on the right \"" 
The white man call himself civilized ' cause he knows how to take over . The white man come to pillage my village . Now he tell me I have to bend over . Whoa yeah moy yeah , kill all the white 
