It's Easter Morning with the kids . They're enjoying playing with their toys and watching cartoons . 

Damaged Sims3 install disk . Trying to hack together an install from another machine . 
It will be nice to feel like we live in the states again . 
At a neighbor's birthday party . Activities are mostly in spanish ... 
21 and a wake up . Busy 3 weeks coming up 
At my going away luncheon 
Mover are here today & tomorrow . Yay for life in hotel for the next 10 days ( give or take ) 
The movers are doing in one day what TMO says should take 3 ! 
Just closed on the house . Everything but water is set up . The watercompany here is a pain . Why do you need a social security card to get water . The illegals here must be realyy thirsty . They're a private company , it not even legal for them to require it 
Real BX and Comissary , woo hoo ! 
Shopping for home decor at < PROPMALE > World . Finally a Wal-Mart that doesn't feel like a bazar 
About to watch fireworks in < PROPFIRST > , in 
Lots od time spent outside today . Trying to get the pool to be blue instead of green and trying to get the lawn to be green instead of brown . 
So much for house hunting PTDY , so much for being proactive before I got here . Finally got computer access at work tho , so I can file my travel voucher . 
Lost a small tree in a storm Friday night . I got to purchase a chain saw to take care of it . Woo Hoo ! Watch out trees here I come . 
The kids enjoy the activities a the church down the road . It's a lot smaller than < PROPFIRST > Hills was back in GA , but it seems like a good fit . Plus they need someone to lead thier A/V team . Looks like we found our new church home . 
Church today had no AC . 
Finally got my orders ammended . Waiting at finance to refile for dislocation allowance . 
Senior NCO induction tonight . Even though it's an official function , it will be the first date with < PROPFEMALE > in a while . 
Having a tree by a septic tank is no good . After this morning the tree is no more . 
Hurlburt Field has all you can eat ( buffet ) chow halls . Great idea , but at $6 bucks a pop for lunch and dinner , I may have a hard time staying under per diem . 
TDY at Hurlburt got extended . I'll be here through Friday , traveling either Friday night or Sat morning . 
Saw a black bear and two cubs this morning . Cute animals , they just walked off when they saw me . 
The Christmas Cantata was this evening , it went really well ( some video following in the coming days . I'm sure < PROPFEMALE > will be happy to havie her Wednesday and Sunday evenings back . 
In Indianna for Christmas 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . Please share ; knowledge is power 
< PROPFEMALE > ice pellets from heaven today , now there's no work tomorrow . They didn't even stick around , but there is supposed to be freezing rain tonight . 
New laptop arrived this evening . It doesn't come with restore disks so guess what I'm doing tonight . 
Having video rendering problems on my last speech with visual aids . Can't go to bed until its done , because it has to be posted tonight . 
Chopped jalapeños with a knife and bare hands , now my hands are burning . Darn you capsaicin , I really need to keep some latex gloves around for this sort of thing . 
Had the sunday school class over for the super bowl . It was nice having people over even though I don't really like football . 
Starting classes towards my bachelors on Monday . The school I'm attending doesn't have tests , just two papers/class due every two weeks . 
Darn you Air Force ! Went to bed at 1:30 AM , but still can't sleep past 7:00 . 
Chili and Fritos for diner tonight . It's already in the crockpot cooking away . 
I was in bed sick all day yesterday . Now I'm at sick call today . 
First cup of coffee since Saturday and it's soooo good . 
Chest x-ray , trial scrip for sigulair , and a referal to a specialist . Asthma maybe ? 
Everyone is sick but < PROPMALE > and me , it's going to be a long night . 
I have to wait for the referral letter to come in the mail before I can make an appointment with a specialist . In the mean time the Singulair seems to be helping quite a lot ( not alot http://goo.gl/n5Izr ) . I'm not coughing any more in the morning , I haven't run since I started taking it , but here hoping it helps . 
Up at 5:30 , can't sleep :-| 
1 paper down 3 more to go before Sunday . 
If we can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people , under the pretence of taking care of them , they must become happy . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is 3 Papers down , 1 to go 
is having writer's block on my paper ( due tomorrow ) . I think I'll make a fresh pot of coffee .... 
I just spent 53 dollars to fill up my gas tank 
Tortilla pizza for dinner tonight 
