Not wanting to write my vonnegut essay today .... 

I spent a day marching around Minneapolis working for myself ! All I had to do was spend the day hanging flyers and talking to people ! Hooray for not working for the man anymore ! 
Sometimes I stare at the sky , and ask ' is that a UFO ? ' 
Here's an opportunity to support local music ! Open mic at the Sugar Room this Wed , 9p-1 . 200 E . Walnut ! 
Clearing brush and preparing campsites while procrastinating my literature homework ! WOO-HOO for CAMPING !! 
This Friday night several local talents are leading the raffle for Midsummer ! Our prizes include : a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Basket , gift certificates to The Coffee Hag , a non-functioning replica of The Evil < PROPFEMALE > , and other cool stuff ! Refreshments will be served and di 
Check out \Music Without Borders ' on KMSU 7-9 this evening ! " 
Yesterday I managed to program a master . php navigational bar for the English Department ! BWA-HA-HA !! 
is wasting even more time before starting the paper she has due at noon tomorrow .... 
is lamenting the dozens of hours wasted on a presentation that she is not going to be givng because her professor decided to cancel class . 
spent all day watching anime , movies , and the documentary \Supersize Me\ " ( which is great because it shows that eating nothing but McDonald's for a month has a similar effect on your liver as long term alcohol abuse .. ) " 
Is there anyone who can house a cat ? < PROPMALE > is a lovely gray tabby who suffers from an immunodeficiency disease that is contagious to other cats . He has been treated for it , and is in good health . It is advised he remain an indoor cat and that all other cats in his vicinity be vaccinated . He is currently sequestered in a small room because my cats are viciously harassing him ! Please help < PROPMALE > find a good home ! 
Now that I have responded to my other classmates essays I can pour myself into the rest of my homework .. 
Almost 13 pages ! I am in the finish line , but I probably won't get my presentation for my other class done ! Curses I need one of those clock thingy's Hermione has in that < PROPMALE > Potter book ! Than I could sleep , work on my digital presentaion , and finish my essay at the same time ! 
Check out Shotgun Fiction at the What's Up Lounge above the Oleander ! The show begins at 9 and ony costs three dollars ! 18+ !!! 
My last paper is done !! I'M FREEE !!! 
We made it to the cities alive ! Although there were places a couple inches deep on the highway ... yay ! 
Hooray ! Today is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and we can look back and remember the thousands of years of oppression that various Churches have imposed on people in the name of a libertarian hippie who nearly respected women ... 
It's < PROPFEMALE > , cold , and I still haven't left my house ! What could be better ! I will soon go an frolick among the ice and fluff , chopping my driveway free ! There is a plow barrier that is aproximately five feet high in front of my house ! 
Why haven't I been watching the original < PROPFEMALE > Trek ! Available online at Netflix ! Awesome nerdiness ! 
OMG , I was missing one semicolon and one slash in my php code and it screwed up the whole general studies < PROPFEMALE > . Oh the hours wasted on searching for one goddamn semicolon ! 
So , as I have been watching the first season of the original < PROPFEMALE > Trek , I have come to have only one real question . Why is it , that while the men's uniforms consist of extremely functional boots and pants that all of the women are confined to colored underpants matching their top , black nylons and short heeled boots ? Wouldn't such a uniform be impractical if one was participating in an away mission ? 
is leading karaoke at Dutler's/rumors lounge for the new years ! Come on and sing ! 
comon down to rumors lounge/dutlers on 169 and sing a song ! I'm your karaoke emissary ! 
gotta love a day where a previous client calls me up needing a catalog and a website ! This will be great ! 
is super ! < PROPFIRST > and I finished the catalog for a total of a grand ! This averaged less than $10 a < PROPFEMALE > , but a little over $14/hour . Celebrate good times ! 
Must read 40 pages worth of Sociolinguistic articles ! Hooray ! 
Caw-Caw ! Caucus DAY ! Go and tell the party of your choice what to do ! It is the only day each election where the MAN wants YOUR input !! GO ! Write a resolution ! Google \resolution\ " if you need to ! CAAAAUCUSS !!!! " 
So I ended up precinct chair and a delegate ! Crazy ! PANDEMONIUM !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Boon and I rocked out the Blue Earth County convetion ! She will be a delegate for Blue Earth County at the Congressional and State DFL conventions , and we will carpool so I can be a 2nd alternate . It was a very exciting and alacritous convention this year . 
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . Krishnamurti 
I made myself great half-soled dance shoes last night and today ! No mre blisters and no money spent ! I am so SCMOT !!! :D 
Today is the International Festival at Mankato East High School ! You should go and enjoy it ! 
is full of excitment gratitude and humility because she is teaching comp 101 next fall ! 
enjoyed the pomp and mystery associated with the institutional wardrobe that paraded through a basketball court at 9 am this morning . 
is doing karaoke @ dutlers ! come on down ! 
Moving heavy stuff cause I gotta ! 
is missing her kitties an awful lot because they are trapped in a basement room in New Ulm , and only has two weeks to clear out the rest of her apartment ... :( 
Worked hard in her lettuce patch and is singing karaoke @ dutlers on 169 ! 
has eleven days to finish boxing and transporting stuff to storage ! Hooray ! 
is still cleaning out the apartment ! Today is the day she is going to get the last of everything out and start sweeping . Anyone want to help ? 
has her financial aid so she can pay her bills ! Hooray ! 
Hey ! Is anyone free to help clean today ? Sweeping and mopping mostly .. I'll buy beer ! 
is eating sushi for the third time in Mankato ! It's packed in here ! They have a hibachi bar ! 
is nearly done cleaning ! Just a few more things to toss out and some floors to clean ! 
is free from her apartment , landlord , and high rent ! < PROPFEMALE > is celebrating by singing karaoke with Ocho @ Dutlers on 169 ! Join them ! 
is in < PROPFEMALE > for the first time enjoying coffee ! She also spent a little too much on some lively brass bangles ! 
Is enjoying random spasms in her legs and back . Not painful exactly ... 
is watching her front struts being replaced ! 
Is singing karaoke at Dutler's with Ocho ! 
who wants to go to the pit ! 
had a great time in the basement of the Coffee Hag while sirens rang outside . I hope my tomato transplants are still upright ! 
is going to Karaoke with Ocho @ Dutlers on highway 169 ! Come and watch us make fools of ourselves .. 
Is returning to nocturnal cycles .. Which is how she coordinates with classmates in Turkey to get an online group project pulled together ! 
Come sing karaoke with Ocho @ dutlers on 169 ! Woooo !! 
Come to red sky for It came from the 80s and the Stylebiters rock out !! 
got an A in her first summer class ! 
has officially done nothing except stumble through the various delights of the internet and go for a 10 mile bikeride today . 
The DFL Gubernatorial Primary Debate will be occurring Friday , July 30th , at 7 p.m. in\ 
the Ostrander Auditorium in the Centennial Student Union at MSU , Mankato . < PROPFIRST > Dayton , < PROPMALE > Entenza , and < PROPFEMALE > Anderson-Kelliher will all be there , I think . 
is going kayaking down the river today with beer ! Woohoo ! 
is re-watching the extended Fellowship of the Ring before passing out . J.R.R. Tolkien you are my hero ! 
Come to the sugar room for Music and Mayhem ! ( The concepts , not a band ! ) 
is going to start a Facebook cause for her quarterly < PROPFEMALE > interest payments from her student < PROPFEMALE > s .. 
has a client to clean for ! Hooray ! Only an hour a week , but it's a start ! 
Karaoke with Ocho at Dutlers on 169 ! I will be singing and you should come ! 
is wondering why all the lesbian movies she watches end with one of the women's death or social equivalent . Can't there be a simple romantic comedy with two female characters that ends happily ? Just watched a movie that could have ended happily if society weren't so f*&$ing heteronormative .. The dykier woman gets killed in a freak car accident just before returning to her lover whose married to a man . 
Still a half an hour to vote in the primaries if you forgot ! 
at the pit ! come on down ! 
has lost her office keys even though it's only been a week since she paid for them ! Dammit ! This always happens ! 
can anyone help me move a kitchen stove tomorrow ? 
Which Crazy Writer Are You ? -- My Result : < PROPFIRST > Orwell . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/175269/referrals/status?aid=63912030 
is facing another impending semester . 
is having a painless first week of school , but it's only half over ! 
Biked out to county rd 90 , down to mount kato , in to the ymca , to sibley , and back to campus . Boy am I tired ! 
is singing karaoke with ocho at dutlers on 169 !! 
Salty dark chocolate is delicious ! 
Grape stomp at < PROPFIRST > Creek vineyard ! Bellydancers and < PROPMALE > dancers 12-5pm ! Great wine and food ! 
Mystery Moth at the Sugar Room at 9:30 
is not waking up till 11am 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9a70fz6420 
12 inches at least . It snowed an inch an a half while I was gone for 30 mins ! Thank god for new tires and all wheel drive ! Woohoo ! 
Spaghetti feed for < PROPFIRST > Becker is still going on despite the snow ! Ocho's up soon ! Com$e check out the silent auction ! All at the moose lodge on victory drive . 
wishes her skeleton would do what it's supposed to . 
got a kick ass new coat from Menards with a canvas outer shell and several ; thinsulate liners for cheap !! 
had a very productive day writing and reading .. 
wishes the banks WOULD collapse .. :P Then I wouldn't have to pay one fifth of my meager earnings on quarterly < PROPFEMALE > interest payments .. 
I want to go sledding ! Anyone else want to sail down sibley hill later today ? 
Come on down to Dutler's for Karaoke . It's the first time I've been able to get down there in two months . 
anyone have a sled I can borrow today ? :D 
is finally finished grading and can commence sewing for the next week ! HOORAY ! 
who wants to go sledding today ?! 
loves hearing her < PROPFEMALE > snore .. It's < PROPFEMALE > cute ! 
must see TRON ! 
Karaoke at dutler's bowl/rumor's lounge ! 
put it at 80 degrees , just for a little while . 
thinks it's strange that adults lie to their children about a fat man in red who fits through heating ducts to bring presents . Personally , I would think we want our children to be suspicious of people who practice routine breaking and entering . 
I need a job ! :p 
Needs money .. Anyone need their house cleaned ? 
is watching cspan swear in the 112th congress , listening to cake , and weight-lifting . 
wants to learn how to set up a PHP directory post haste ! 
http://mavdisk.mnsu.edu/sweena1/\ 
\ 
New course website ! Yay ! 
nearly succeeding in reading the hobbit and the LTOR trilogy in under 7 days ! 
I may have to interview straight men . Anyone interested ? 
at dutlers singing karaoke ! come on down ! 
is stayin in reading students ' first papers and cooking enough food to bring into the office for her impending student conferences M and T . 
mmmm ... ground beef balls cooked with onions and black beans with a avacado and garlic sauce over fresh brown rice .. 
eating brown rice , zucchini , baby < PROPFEMALE > , and sardine stir fry . 
Does anyone have a copy of the documentaries Supersize Me , Fast Food Nation , or Food Inc . and is willing to let me use it in my classroom ? 
had two apocalyptic dreams ! first one couldn't find < PROPFEMALE > , second one my cat escaped the safe complex we were barricaded in . :P 
is attending a swanky hottub party at Americinn in Mankato ! Beginning 5:30 pm this evening ! Featuring Wii Sports ! And bad corporatist commercials ! 
had another great day teaching ! Hooray ! 
locked her keys in the car at the bank and had to get a towtruck guy to unlock my door for $35 . 
HELL YEA ! PINK PANTHER ON PUBLIC TV !! 
is presenting at the MNCUEW ( Minnesota Colleges & Universities English & Writing ) Conference ! Huzzah ! 
completed her FAFSA in under 10 minutes because the website now allows you to link to the IRS and import all your 1040 information ! Hooray ! 
Hey facebookland ! Anyone interested in being an extra in a student film at Blue Bricks starting at 4:30 for < PROPFEMALE > Krohn show up and < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
