Facebook is confusing . :o 

Fathers day is NOT my favorite holiday . :o 
This website really ... confuses me . Ha . 
Braces off in a matter of weeks . :) Then wisdom teeth removed . :( 
I don't like facebook . 
Got half my big toenails removed today ,, not so fun ! D: 
Don't really feel like partying . Think I'll watch movies an play video games instead . (; yeaa I'm lamee . :p haa . 
Today was great . Video games , shopping , fast food , movies and Kenzie . ;D 
Whyy does everything always end up so twisted and complicated ? 
facebook ... is too complicated for me ... hahahaha . 
RIP hercle , the best dog that ever walked the earth . look how many people loved you ,, its not every dog that this many people mourn for . I miss youu already . 
got myy tonsils out yesterday ,, can't eat a thing ! but myy room is almost finished and it looks GREAT and is the perfect place to spend myy day in bed . ( : 
ugh . he is such a jerk . I can't even believe I ever dated him . 
I'm finally ready for some serious life changes . ( : I can do this . And I'm here for you < PROPFEMALE > . I love you . ( : 
You aren't worth my time ... 
ohh no , school starts tomorrow ! I feel so unprepared . D: haha . 
I am SO exhausted after only one day of school , bleh . 
POOF ! all of a sudden everyone has a facebook .... 
where are all the cute boys hiding in this world !? 
Enchiladas for dinner ? Yes ! :D 
Why is it when I'm busy people always call , text or message me , but , when I'm bored ?... nothing . 
I want a corgi ! 
Do you want to know why boys are the ones to pursue girls ? Its because males aren't worth the effort . Except for the one who makes the effort . 
all dressed up withh no place to go . 
I can't believe myy midterms are a 4.0 !!! xD haha . 
I want my long hair back ! I definitely need to so something about my look , stat ... hm .. 
I'm pretty sure I'm going crazy . 
some people just suhk . 
Thankks to everyone who wished me a happy birthdayy (: haha youu guys are the best . 
ahh how do youu delete an app ? 
Do you want to know why boys are the ones to \ 
pursue girls ? Its because males aren't worth the effort . Except for the \ 
one who makes the effort . I've said it before buhh I'm sayin it again . :p 
(: made it to the weekend ,, was itt just me or did this week draggg onnn ? 
I've been sleeping all day and I feel horrible . What a waste of a weekend . I hate being sickk . :/ 
so .... what did people do before social networking sites ? o.O 
I've realized I don't like you . 
I'm so pissed . :/ :/ :/ 
things need to get interesting again ... 
I hate people .... whats to like ? lol . 
Across the Universe . <3<3<3<3 
I can't wait till Dreamland . (: (: 
So much can happen in a year .. 
Sledding last night was amazing . ( : even thoughh Shane&&Jeyman disappeared forever and it was freezing so we all ended up at Artic Circle . :p :p 
Growing up is strange . I feel like I've changed tremendously in just the last few months . 
Time goes on and my heart stubbornly sits in one place . 
I change my mind about things a lot . Hm . 
I love the snow . ( : That is until after Christmas time anyway ... 
Uhm ... there's a sixteen-year-old boy asleep in my bed .... * pokes * 
' Tangled ' was such a cute movie . 
Yay for insomnia .... 
Bottle feeding my new 6 week old puppy . ( :( : 
No school today . Can't get the cars out of the driveway . 
I've decided its time for me to wake up . Really wake up . And I'm proud . (: Goodnightt . 
I hate it when I'm wide awake in the middle of the night with school in 5 hours . 
Didn't get to sleep till 3 last night , got up for school at 6 , slept after school for hours . My sleeping schedule is always so messed up . Bleh . :p 
Everything happens . Whether its for a reason or not is up to you . 
why does it keep happening like this ? whyy !? 
pictures of me always look so ... frightening . lol . ( x 
My puppy is such a little pig , he never stops eating ! :p Thank goodness I get a break from school till January 18th . (: 
Today I earned two credits in half an hour . I'm such a G ;D . Haha . Thank you Rora and Kenzie today was lovely , <3 . (: 
Very Busy People - The Limousines . Exact story of my life ,, haha . 
someone . anyone . please come and take me away from here now . 
I wanna play some COD ! 
I'm fine all day then suddenly I'm throwing up and feeling awful . This suhks . :/ :/ 
Who wants to come chill with Tayy an I ? (: 
Tonight turned out to be really fun . (: (: 
Tonight was soooo much fun . I love my family . (: 
Christmas shopping tomorrow ... I'm pretty stoked . (: 
Do you know that YOU are the one you've been waiting for ? 
Tonight we're going to McGrath's Fish House for dinner and then comin back here and opening presents . Pretty awesome Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
Just got back from a freaking delicious dinner about to sing with my sisters then open presents :D 
Playing on my brand new laptop , setting up my brand new iPod 4g touch and getting ready to try my new ps3 games Red Dead Redemption and Saints Row 2 . Hell yes . xD I love you Christmas . ( : 
To log into my laptop all I have to do is swipe my finger across the reader . I feel so futuristic . o.O lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Tell me what you got . (: 
So I'm working on my English packet ladeedadeeda and I need to look at a < PROPFEMALE > in the book . So I go to the website and log in and look through , not only the one its supposed to be in , but every single book and apparently the < PROPFEMALE > s I need don't exist . fml . 
Home sweet home . ( : Got some reallyy cute new clothes today . Thanks for taking me Rora . <3 
I can't find my phone charger . :| 
So New Years tonight . What's goin down ? :p 
Time to work on some packets . :p 
\All that we are is the result of what we have thought . \ " -The Eightfold Path " 
I want you gone . (: 
I am such a pro . Figured out something in html ON MY OWN . Woot . (: 
Wish I never took my septum out . :( 
The new horoscopes thing is ridiculous . So they've just been wrong all our lives ? It's bull . 
I wish I had the words to express what's in my world . 
I don't know what I want anymore . 
All I can say is , expect the unexpected . 
My sister and I went to RC Willey and I had a thought , someone should go around , climb up and switch all the signs so it says CR Willey , haha . 
What's a woman ? A man with a womb in it . Get it ? haha \Wom-Man \"?" 
Ugh . I can't sleep and I have to get up for school in 4 hours . 
I feel like the living dead . Just took a 2 hour nap , first sleep I got in over 24 hours . Can't believe I survived school like this . : x 
I wish I could just be done with school . :( 
Thank you ( heavily caffeinated drinks ) for saving my life , once again . And helping me get through High School haha . 
My phone is acting up . >:| 
I am genuinely happy right now . I haven't really felt this way in a long time ... ( : 
What is with me and insomnia lately !? 
Today went by quick and tomorrow is Friday . I like today . (: lol . 
My hair is gonna be so cute tomorrow . (: That is if I get up on time . :p 
This could be interesting . Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , you could copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
Woke up feeling like I have strep . Ugh . :/ 
I feel like I'm getting worse not better . I hate being sick . 
Catfish . Super good movie . (: 
Today was unexpectedly a really perfect day . 
Just watched ' Youth In Revolt ' with Danni and a large Dr. Pepper , bean&cheese burrito , cinnamon twists , 1/4 of a crunch wrap supreme and 1/2 of a beefy crunch burrito . (: ( :(( :( :((( :(( :( :( : hahaa be jealous . 
How is it I am progressively feeling worse and not better ? 
' < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World ' Awesome movie , I loved it . 
Who isn't a backstabbing liar these days ? Anyone ? 
It's always fun watchin scary movies in the basement with Chik fil'a . (: 
Wish my phone wasn't such a piece and would actually work more then half the time . 
Lately I've been having super realistic dreams of really stressful scenarios mostly involving the people I'm closest to betraying me in some way . They're causing me to wake up feeling frustrated and in a bad mood . Wonder if they mean something . 
Cut my bangs . :o Gonna dye it tonight . Thoughts on what color ? 
Would you rather be with someone who you love ? Or who loves you ? 
In a really good mood thanks to a wonderful day with some of my favorite people . (: (: 
Much better . <3 (: 
I fail at human relationships , haha . 
Doing what you like is freedom , liking what you do is happiness . 
Today was so fun ! Can not wait till the 13th . (: Love you Kenz . 
Today was great . (: Keepin my fingers crossed . (: 
It's going to take some getting used to but my new goal is to become completely vegan by the end of this year . 
It kills me how ignorant kids are these days . 
I have my first job interview tomorrow ! I'm kinda nervous . :p 
I am ridiculously happy right now . (: 
So ... who knew it would be so easy to get a job ? lol I'maa G . (; 
This is exactly why I don't even try anymore . 
Today turned out to be absolutely fantastic even without massages . :p I start training for work tomorrow ! (: 
Today was a really good day , I had so much fun at work . (: 
Happiness for a reason is a form of misery because the reason can be taken from you at any time . To be happy for no reason is the happiness you want to experience . 
So I really don't like most people , but least today was payyy dayyy :D haa . It's always good when your paycheck surprises you by being more than you expected . (; 
If you get sexted by someone you didn't want sext with ... did you just get molexted ? 
... why is my bed moving ? Seriously this is really weird . Kinda freakin me out ... O.o 
I have to do something about my hair , I hate it right now . Dark brown ? Red ? I was thinking about doing blonde again , platinum blonde on top with brown underneath . Help , I need opinions . 
Halfway back to being blonde . (: 
