Actually playing tennis tonight with some new friends I met at church . I definitely did not see this coming considering I'm in Dahlonega to watch Rangers train . 

Did my first Blackhawk jump today ... woohoo ! And now it's back to Ranger training . 
When times are good , be happy ; but when times are bad , consider : God has made the one as well as the other . Therefore , a man cannot discover anything about his future . - Ecclesiastes 7:14 
\What about Bob ? \ " ... such a wonderful movie . Cracks me up every time . " 
Way too many fb comments for one day . I clearly need to find something to do . Maybe a bike ride . Cooper Gap , here I come ! 
Headed to the Nav Rally at Fort Rucker and wishing I went for a run this morning instead of sleeping in . The Peachtree 10K is only days away ! 
Finished the Peachtree 10k at 40:41 ! Not the greatest but I'm plenty happy with it . ... and now it's time to train Rangers ... again ( I feel like the Dunkin Donuts guy from those 80's commercials ) . 
running 10 < PROPMALE > tomorrow with a goal of 62 minutes . your prayers are welcome and appreciated . 
A good week . I fixed an old washing machine with a screwdriver , some web surfing , and a few lucky guesses . So if I leave the Army there may be a future for me at Maytag . Anyhow , I guess I'll reward myself by seeing GI < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
It's official ... I'm on the Fort Benning 10 Mile team . The race is on October 4th ! 
I have my first water jump this week ( that's where we intentionally conduct a parachute landing in the ocean ) . Pray for good weather , gentle tides , and a safe , successful swim to the beach . 2 < PROPFIRST > 22.17 \He reached down from on high and took hold of me ; he < PROPFIRST > me out of deep waters . \"" 
Looking foward to < PROPFEMALE>'s visit . 
Officially registered for < PROPFIRST > Theological Seminary ( online of course ) . Full time army , part time school ... prayers are welcome . 
First day of online college . Woohoo ! I feel smarter already . 
Ran 18 < PROPMALE > this morning in 2 hours 21 minutes , and I got to see the sunrise . At least the day is starting off well , but I do have staff duty tonight . 
Another Monday , another 18 < PROPMALE > . I shaved a bit off my time with a 2:20:06 and more importantly spent some quality time with God . This is a good day . 
20 < PROPMALE > , 2:36:11 . Too bad the advice of most runners is that the marathon doesn't START until mile 20 . 
Pray for Zach . He's being graded today as Bravo Team Leader 1 . Also , he's been moved to Bravo Company . ... Roster# is still the same ( 159 ) if you want to send mail . 
Last 20 miler before the marathon . 2hrs 35min and 59sec of time alone with the Lord and my thoughts . A great way to start the day ... except I probably could have done without the whole running part . 
Do not be deceived : God cannot be mocked . A man reaps what he sows . The one who sows to please his sinful nature , from that nature will reap destruction ; the one who sows to please the Spirit , from the Spirit will reap eternal life . -Gal 6:7 -8 
Another paper down , one more to go . Just 15 more pages of writing and I'm done with my first semester ! Woohoo ! 
Staff duty ... it's going to be a long night . =( 
PS 51:17 The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit ; a broken and contrite heart , O God , you will not despise . 
A super-duper , awesome weekend : Sang karaoke for the first time , ran a 3:10:16 in the marathon , my new $3.50 hiking boots arrived in the mail , and I still have chapel to look forward to ! 
My dad's surgery is set for the morning of the 29th . He's having his bladder removed to prevent the cancer from spreading . Keep him and my family in your prayers . Thanks . 
Surgery went well and Dad's recovering fine . Thanks for all of your prayers . 
wooohooo ! Ten < PROPFEMALE > paper complete ! 
\And after all that I've been through 
\Surely it was for my benefit that I suffered such anguish . In your love you kept me from the pit of destruction ; you have put all my sins behind your back . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > 38:17 " 
Teach me your way , O Lord , and I will walk in your truth ; give me an undivided heart , that I may fear your name . Ps 86:11 
Looking over my Chaplain Candidate Packet Requirements and super excited about it . Just one year away from full time Seminary ! Praise God ! 
~ The fear of God leads to a fearless life ~ ( PS 112 ) 
For you , O Lord , have delivered my soul from death , my eyes from tears , my feet from stumbling , that I may walk before the Lord in the land of the living . ~ Ps 116:8 -9 
An awesome AW Tozer excerpt \Ministry of the Night . \ " Click the link to read the PDF . Only two pages long and worth the read especially for anyone struggling through the darkness . " 
Failed Jumpmaster school today . Oh well , I guess my badge chasing days are officially over . Ten months left in the Army ! 
If anyone has a moment to pray for me , pray this : \See to it that no one misses the grace of God and that no bitter root grows up to cause trouble and defile many . \ " Heb 12:15 ... thanks . " 
Rule #32 : Enjoy the little things . 
I miss my roommates . This house is too quiet . 
Jer 17:9 \The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure . Who can understand it ? \ " \ 
First day of online school ! ... and of course I have staff duty :^( 
The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me ; your love , O Lord , endures forever - do not abandon the works of your hands . ~ Ps 138:8 
Thanks for the b-day wishes everyone . Unfortunately I worked today , will work tomorrow , and have a paper due Monday . But I will enjoy what little time I have . Worse case scenario I can cheer myself up by smoking ranger students . =^) 
Looks like it's going to be a rough weekend . I don't want to stay home but have to catch up on homework . 
\The fierce anger of the Lord will not turn back until he fully accomplishes the purposes of his heart . In days to come you will understand this . \ " Jer 30:24 " 
\Keep my commands and you will live ;\ 
Happy Thanksgiving . \ 
\ 
\Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise ; give thanks to him and praise his name . For the Lord is good and his love endures forever ; his faithfulness continues through all generations . \ " Psalm 100:4 -5 " 
Sick on a Friday . What a terrible start to a potentially great weekend . 
Three more pages to write , twelve more belated journal entries , and the semester is done ! But then I have about three books to read for wintersession by the 27th . Fun , fun , fun . 
As of today I'm officially debt free ! Funny thing is that I still feel like I'm broke . Oh well , either way 2011 will start off as a great year . 
First actual day of class and living in the dorms at DTS . Great day ! I have a feeling that I'm going to love it here . 
Crossfit Deep Ellum ( < PROPFIRST > , TX ) day 2 . Today's WOD : 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 of front squat ( 115 lbs ) and burpees . Nice group . Little weird to feel like \the new guy\ " plus I'm not too psyched about the $20 drop in fee . " 
Stranded . Turns out that I'm snowed in due to the blizzard that hit Columbus/Phenix City . There's a whole quarter inch out there . Does anyone have a shovel I can borrow to dig my car out ? 
