darn water weight , goes straight to my hips 

facebook is actually pretty cool 
excited that i got my blue belt in tae kwon do ! 
God is bigger then everything 
did you know a turtle can breath through its but ? 
if a turtle loses its shell does that mean its homeless or naked ? 
why do people duck in the rain when they know they're going to get wet ? 
did you know women blink twice as often as men ? 
did you know animals that lay eggs don't have belly buttons ? 
POWDER PUFF !!!!!!!!!!! 
did you know babies are born without knee caps ? 
we lost by one point :( 
i've go the joy joy joy joy down in my heart 
I GOT A NEW DOG ! 
i'm bored 
just gave blood ! 
i dont understand ..... 
I GOT MY RED BELT !! 
< PROPMALE > flies through dangerous cities scaring little women while screaming hallelluja 
Pierdo hablando con el . Yo me pregunto si el jamas querra hablar conmigo otra vez . 
yo me pregunto si el ha parado adorarme 
yo tan soy confundido y doli 
it's frusturating that you don't know why God allows certain things to happen 
a lot of stuff makes sense now , and yet i have a million more questions that no one can answer 
i'm not sure what to think about all this 
i'm giving up 
MY SISTER IS GOING TO HAVE HER BABY !!!! WAHOO !!!!! 
wow things can get really messed up really fast 
my nephew was born today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i don't think it'll ever stop hurting , i wish it would 
its too bad we cant learn from other peoples mistakes 
how do you know what's the right choice ? 
i wish i knew what to do 
why does it have to be one thing after another ? 
Los viajes por las venas que envenenan mi < PROPFEMALE > me Hacen me odio , hago mi < PROPFIRST > que golpe Asfixia la < PROPFEMALE > - come lejos mi voluntad Trampas en todo el odio - depresión . No quiero sentir < PROPFEMALE > manera , no quiero herir a más 
i dont want this anymore 
the hardest thing in life is knowing when to give up , and when to try harder 
sometimes the littlest things in life feel like our biggest enemies 
i wonder if < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > had belly buttons 
who goes there ? we come in pieces 
your a mean one .... mister grinch 
i will never let you fall . I'll stand up for you forever . i'll be there for you through it all . even if saving you sends me to heaven 
i do believe in fairies ! 
i feel so frustrated 
i hate this 
you would not believe your eyes if ten million fireflies lit up the world as i fell asleep 
don't let anyone say your not beautiful 
I believe in the sun , even when its not shinning . I believe in love , even when I don't feel it . I believe in God , even when he is silent . 
happy birthday to me :) 
im turning 18 tomorrow so im gonna vote , i don't know what im gonna vote on but im gonna vote 
you spin me right round baby right round 
i feel really old now 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going ! 
wow i don't think i've ever eaten so many snikers in my entire life 
dear < PROPFEMALE > , i was framed 
i can ride my bike with no handlebars 
im so confused 
black 
i wish i was alive during the ' 70s 
who you callin a coodie < PROPFEMALE > ? you lint licker 
its kinda creepy when your dog just sits there and stares at you 
A huge earthquake , measuring 7 on a Richter Scale , just hit Haiti . There are many orphanages in Haiti and there is a lot of damage . Please pray for everyone there and for a lady < PROPFEMALE > McBride who is visiting there . 
Please continue to pray for my friend < PROPFEMALE > ( in Haiti ) ... She has broken her ankle and has many cuts from broken glass . There is concern about infection because they don't have antibiotics . Also pray for her family here ... 
just a spoon full of shugar makes the medicine go down 
the hills are alive with the sound of music 
heaven meets earth with a big sloppy kiss 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are in SLC and on their way home . 
O the horror ! There are snowmen body parts as far as the eye can see . Now the sun has come out and they are decomposing . 3 hours ago 
yes ! i forgot his last name ! the first step in forgetting him completly . i hope that comes soon 
so i went to the doctor today for a fever and stomach pains . turns out i have a kidney infection 
if you play with fire , you're going to get burned 
i need more < PROPFEMALE > 
babysitting can really wear you out 
so i went dress shopping and i got stuck in a dress , the zipper wouldn't go down . so the people who worked there had to cut me out 
today a mentally disabled boy told me that my face was covered with moonshine kisses . what does that mean ? 
words of wisdom . love is like a sandwitch , no one likes it when it gets too cheesy 
my little sister is so funny 
you don't need a boyfriend to make you feel like your worth something 
sometimes you need to look at people differently and see what type of person they really are 
i love interior design at bridgerland 
ATTENTION ALL : IF YOU GET A REQUEST FROM ME OR ANY FRIEND TO CHECK OUT \YOUTUBE\ " AND IT LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK-DO NOT OPEN IT . IT IS A TROJAN WORM AND WILL INFECT AND SHUTDOWN YOUR COMPUTER AND TAKE ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFO . IT IS TRAVELLING AROUND FACEBOOK RAPIDLY . YOU FRIENDS DID NOT SEND IT ! THIS IS REAL . PLEASE COPY AND PASTE " 
never get too tired , too hungry or too lonely 
my stomache hurts :( 
because i know he holds the future . my life is worth the living just because he lives 
If God wanted my uncle to survive his brain aneurysm . He's going to make him heal completely . 
when it doubt , mumble 
i passed my test for second degree brown belt !!! 
that went differently than i thought it would 
i love fried rice 
i swear a nap cures everything 
hey my new phone number is ( 435)757-1177 
I have a new brown brother named Johan who lives in Ecuador 
I have a new brown brother named Johan who lives in Ecuador ! he's so cute ! 
i hate it when i flex and my shirt rips 
i wish i could speak spanish fluently 
brown chicken brown cow 
do you ever eat something and when your finished you feel just as hungry ? 
my nephew is so unbelievably cute 
you see me mowing my front lawn 
how did i get so white and nerdy ? 
its amazing what you'll let a baby do 
i want to do something this week . any ideas ? 
hey everyone , i'm leaving next wednesday ( the 25th ) and i will be gone for six months . i won't have a phone or the internet so if anyone wants to write to me the address i'll be staying at is P.O. Box 1628 < PROPMALE > California , 95648-9600 
lol im watching steel magnolias 
