Well , farewell tucson see you in three months . 

another run day ... 2.5 < PROPMALE > . now i almost threw up . i shouldn't have drank that much water before . 
Today I just gave blood . What did you do today ? 
They kicked me out of pt today , because I gave blood earlier . Dang , I wanted to see how far I could push myself before I passed out . 
looking foward to my 5 mile run today . 
I got more than just a 5 mile run . I also got beat into the ground by a < PROPFEMALE > , but no matter how much he made me push , I kept smiling . 
It's finally the weekend , but I'm so sore . I think I am going to play games all weekend . 
If you've got Skype and want to talk to me , add me . If you don't have it , GET IT . 
I'm looking forward to an easy day of pt , 4 mile run . It's going to feel good . 
My legs gave out about halfway on my run , and I ate alot of dirt , but I finished the run . Shinsplints hurt , but I feel like an unstoppable machine now . 
A good day of pt . I'm feeling good . Now to eat some PB and J . 
today's pt was tough , 320 8-count body builders and 300 flutter kicks . 
Another good weekend awaits me . 
I'm rockin ' face today . Ain't no one messin ' with me . 
my knife just came in ! I'ts amazingly sharp and very good quality . the only thing is that i misspelled the engraving . it reads \Frucht\ " which means fruit . it was supose to say \ " furcht\ " wich means terror or fear . " 
My PT test results : Timed one < PROPFEMALE > . push ups ( 45 < PROPFEMALE > imum)- My push ups total = 60 Timed one < PROPFEMALE > . sit ups ( 45 < PROPFEMALE > imum)- My Sit ups total = 58 Timed 1.5 Mile run ( 11 < PROPFEMALE > 45 sec to pass)- My run time = 9 < PROPFEMALE > 34 sec Result = NEW RECORD !!!!!! 
I feel like JCVD right now . 
I got a new phone and new phone number , if you want to call or text me it's 850-461-2504 . 
Just got my class start date , this Wednesday . 
First day of class . We will see what todays like . 
Today i learned something awesome . the total amount of current EOD Techs across all four branches is less than 1/10 of 1% of the total Department of Defence population EVER . There is less EOD Techs than Navy Seals and Green Barrets combined . AWESOME . 
you know its a good school when the prejector screen shakes when bombs go off 200 yrds away . 
Today I tested out of Core 1 . One division down nine more to go . 
The edge of reality is only as far as your mind can perceive . http://chatter.com/a/4z0it?ref=nf 
got another 95% on my test . I'm going to blowing things up by the end of this weekend . 
When one thinks they understand , but in reality they know nothing . http://chatter.com/a/58w0m?ref=nf 
I just found out my duty station , Mountain Home , Idaho . About 50 < PROPMALE > southeast of Boise . 
I got to blow up 3 blocks of C-4 , a stick of Dynamite , and 1 1/2 pounds of TNT today . 
Being a hero is not something that just happens when you are in the right place at the right time . I have learned that to be a hero is to stand up when everyone else decides to sit , looking through your own heart and see what is true righteousness , and knowing when to help . That is what makes a real hero . 
I passed my nonelectric demo test today with a 100% . I'm cooking now . 
I passed my electric demo today . Got another 100% . I'm starting to get used to random explosions going off and I'm no longer nervous while working with explosives . Not sure if thats a good thing . 
EOD Quote , \our day begins when yours is about to end . \"" 
I am super bored . If some one wants to < PROPFEMALE > out or something hit me up . http://chatter.com/a/6kkb4?ref=nf 
im bored some one talk to me . 
I get stripes in two weeks . I'll Be E-3 on May 17 . A1C Barters , I like it . 
i got a big test tomorrow . i have the demo comp test . 
I passed my test today , but I'm sad because I only got a 90% . However , this make two divisions down , eight more to go . 
I got my promotion today . E-3 now . 
Going out to some bars and drinking tonight . 
got a ps 3 . super excited to play . oh yeah , i passed another test ( PAN ) with a 100% . i got another test ( . 50 cal ) tomorrow . wish me luck . 
I got a 92% on my . 50 cal . 
I failed my first test today . 
Double tapped rocket wrench today . I'm out of training and I might have a TO tomorrow . By far the worst day ever . 
Is getting smashed with some friends tonight . 
Yay combative training . I learned how to kill people dead . Twice . 
Watching movies and playing games with some buddies , that's what I call a good day . 
for once i found that 3 < PROPMALE > is too short for running . 
I'm getting back in class tomorrow . I'll be picking up where a fail out , Rocket Wrench . wish me the best of luck . Tuesday is my do or die test . 
HooYeah i passed my tape and line test today . i move on to core 2 on tuesday . 
100% of people who eat ketchup die . 
I started phase 2 of advanced EOD school today . Now its the though part . 
First test today got a 100% on my grenade ID . 
i'm going to see if i can get a picture of me in the bomb suit later on when i get to IED's . 
Called a taxi back to base , too drunk to drive . Hope everyone else had a good night . 
i saw hot tub time machine and she's out of my league . they were awesomely funny . 
i passed my final test in ground division , now im off to air division . last hard division to pass . 
i found out today that pilots can only eject 2 before they can no longer pilot or transfer to a plane that doesn't have ejection seats . 
I passed my Aircraft Explosive Hazards ID test today . Got a 100% . 
Got a 96% on my AEH's test . Next stop Guided Missiles . 
Another test down . Guided Missiles Publication test . Result : 95% . 
I've got my Guided Missiles practical test tomorrow , hope I can pass it . 
I just double tapped Guided Missiles . They recomended me for set back . Just another break from school . 
Just bought a jeep for $1300 and is watching the expendables . 
Went to my ARB today , they recommended me for set back day 1 of Guilded Missiles . 
Is eating at hard rock cafe and after getting smashed at shanghai 
Back in class tomorrow . Day one of Guided Missiles . This time I'm going to pass , but just in case any one want to wish me luck . The sooner I'm done with school , the sooner I can come home and visit with everyone . 
just got heavy rain today . lets see how it is . 
big test tomorrow wish me luck . 
I took my test today , with a smashing success !!! Got a 92% . 
Today I failed my bombs test , retest tomorrow . 
Today I double tapped my bombs test , recommended for drop from training . 
ARB result : dropped from training . 
Is getting back into MTG , again . Fuel the addiction . 
I just got my new job assigned . I'm going to be a helicopter mechanic . 
Looks like I'm going to spend 92 Days at Fort Eustis , VA , then 20 days in Kirtland AFB , NM . 
I'm starting my official first degree training ( wiccan priesthood ) and I was told to start a book of shadows , and to record possitive and negitive personality traits . I want to see how other people view me , so post one good and one bad trait about me . 
Just got orders . I'm getting ready to leave to fort eustis , va . 
Just made it to fort eustis . And in time for my b day . 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy b day . 
Just started class for AFSC 2A532B Helicopter Maintenance for the MH-60 PAVEHAWK . Wish me luck on this one . 
Has tomorrow and Friday off and getting drunk . Text me . 
Is a running candidate for airman of the month . 
Getting some beers in for the weekend . 
Is learning how to play Welcome Home by Coheed and Cambria on the guitar . 
Is in tucson , hit me up if you want to chill . 
i think im going to learn some system of a down songs on the guitar . 
Eating at ihop . 
i had a dream last night that i was getting married . creepy . 
almost the week end . so close . 
0700 white glove inspection . uniform of the day : Blues . 
Best pick-up line ever :\ 
\ 
Does this smell like chlorophorm to you ? 
I just got a tattoo , stay tuned for the reveal . 
Its time to get beligerant . 
Yay for a PT test on a sunday . 
Thank god its fucking Friday , now its time to get messed up ! 
it's the freaking weekend and i'm goin ' to have me some fun 
Is pretty buzzed right now , can't wait to get fucked up ! 
Test day . 
Can't sleep ! 
is watching Speed Racer and playing Runescape . Happy weekend starting . 
if you have skype , add me . jbarters1 
Tacfit kicked my ass today , I'm sore all over . 
Having a few beers at the bar . Celebrating a birthday of another service mamber . 
Ah , my phone is sticky , damn party fouls . 
Dad , I have developed your ability to steal people's lighters . 
Last weekend in < PROPFEMALE > , passed my final test in helicopter maintenance . I'm official now . 
I graduate tomorrow , as an honor grad . tonight is going to be a good night . 
it's packing time ! 
Made it to < PROPFEMALE > GA . All is good , except for a nail in my tire . 
Made it Moody AFB . 
Just got my CDC's and initial issue . Lots of cool stuff like Locust goggles . 
Six mile run was a good idea at the time , but now I'm sore 
Just got a new phone . I got the thunder bolt 
THE BACON HAS BEEN HAD , I REPEAT , THE BACON HAS BEEN HAD !!! 
just replaced the old spark plugs , and cleaned out the air filter . next im going to replace the fuel filter . 
Can't wait for this weekend . going to Tampa to visit family ! 
well next step , replace the vacuum hoses , and get my carboretor rebuilt . turns out she running < PROPMALE > . 
Schönes Wetter heute , nicht wahr ? 
just removed my carburetor and taking it to the shop tomorrow to get it rebuilt over this weekend . guess im taking the jeep to tampa this weekend . 
U.S.A. Homeless go without eating . \ 
U.S.A. Elderly go without needed medicines . \ 
U.S.A. Mentally ill go without treatment . \ 
U.S.A. Troops go without proper equipment . \ 
U.S.A. Veterans go without benefits they were promised . \ 
Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post and 99% Won't have the Guts 
