Thinks 2010 is gonna be a bit of a let down , since compared to the last couple of decades , theres no Y 2.01 K , no fears that computers are gonna stop working , no people believing that theres gonna be a nuclear amageddon ( Prove me wrong < PROPFEMALE > Palin ! ) , and no fears that communists are going to kill you in your sleep . All we've got is terrorists , swine flu , and obamacare . 

Free speech means the right to shout ' theatre ' in a crowded fire . 
Had a good time chillin with the frasian and the frenchy . A very multicultural day . 
Doesnt care that biased things such as calendars and reality say that break is over tomorrow . I refuse to accept that ! 
is back from seven of work , and is going back an hour later for two more hours . 
is finally done with work ! 
is up after going to bed after the sun < PROPFEMALE > . Yay graveyard shift :) . 
has the day off from work ! 
believes the cheese steaks here are even better than in philly . Mmmmmmmmmmm delicious . 
had a slow day at work , and took the time to learn some < PROPFEMALE > from his coworkers . Im shocked at how many uneccessary letters they have in that language . 
Hopefully is gonna have something good tonight . Not that skullrot i had yesterday . 
Just listened to his romanian coworker go on and on about how fucked up < PROPFEMALE > is . I nearly snapped . 
is leaving ocean city soon and heading back to Goddamn arizona :( . On the plus side , he gets to see philippe and the rest of his friends again . 
knows the < PROPFEMALE > attract muggings like boots and thick mustaches attract Comrade Stalin . 
holy shit . < PROPFIRST > mays is gone ... 
is comin home on tuesday . With only a three hour layover in philly . Yay goddamn airlines . 
absolutely loves getting shouted at for doing exactly what hes asked to do , by the person who asked . 
is loving his first paycheck . Rolling in the greenbacks !!! Im probably gonna blow it all though :) . 
Is leaving for the airport , and heading back to arizona . Gonna miss everybody in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Home at last , home at last . Lordy Lord im home at last ! 
wonders when the hell hes gonna get his AP test results . 
has realized how crappy his trumpet has become , since he hasnt touched it in a month . And philippe comes tomorrow !!!! 
\Jesus forgives . I dont \"" 
loves walking to circle k at 1 in the morning . 
knows theres nothing quite like listening to a french guy bitch about < PROPFEMALE > on the fourth of july . Happy independence day ( insert white house explosion here ) . 
doesnt understand why he keeps waking up at 10:30 sharp every morning since he got back from < PROPFEMALE > . 
has been made fun of for being republican every day for over a month . Hopefully gonna keep the streak going . 
is off rock climbing . 
doesnt know when hes gonna finish the rest of his summer reading between doing all this american shit with philippe and band camp . Oh well . 
Just saw Knowing . Wow . 
had an awesome time at the dbacks game , then watched some fireworks celebrating < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Incredibly better than the 4th of july . 
just had a refreshing racist evening watching Gran Torino . Im gonna go ahead and say that was one of the greatest movies of all time . 
just got his AP test results . Heres a hint : i took two tests , and my scores add up to 10 . :) :) :) :) 
anyone wanna go to Stratum tomorrow ? 
is fucking amazing . How are you ? 
is predicting that today/tonights gonna be a great . 
thought < PROPMALE > potter was much better than people hve been saying . 
is off to flagstaff , where one cannot fry eggs on the sidewalk . Hooray for this screwed up state . 
s ride to flagstaff is 2 hours late . Hopefully theyre not dead . 
is back from flagstaff , and has never before realized how awesome arizonas landscape is . Hellish and uninhabitable , but it looks amazing . 
religion is flawed , but only because man is flawed . Every man , including this one . Especially this one . 
foreign languages are like economics : People tell me they make sense , but i have my doubts . 
fuck this . 
last day with philippe tomorrow :( . 
doesnt seem to be able to go a day without getting shit for being a conservative . Hopefully people will see the light someday . 
' s finger is recovering , and he will hopefully be able to practice his instrument , so that he doesnt suck anymore than he usually does at the upcoming band camp . 
thinks noahs picture is probably the funniest thing hes seen all summer . That picture is going to keep me entertained for the next year , if not more . 
Q : How many Bush Administration officials does it take to screw in a light bulb ? A : None . There is nothing wrong with the light bulb ; it's condition is improving every day . Any reports of it's lack of incandescence are totally unfounded , and the result of 
hooray for bad timing in needing wisdom teeth removed . 
just had a conversation with all three of his sections seniors from last year simultaneously . Nostalgia overload ! 
is gonna try with a little help from my friends . 
thought rehearsel was really fun today . I love the new music . Easy , and it sounds good . 
is sad because the two people who got him to join band in the first place are gone :( 
is gonna go ahead and copy every other bandies status , and say that im excited for camp . 
does not like being first trumpet . At all . 
hates these fuckin pompous beaurocrats at the MVD . 
is on a train to bangkok , aboard the thailand express . 
is a bit freaked out that facebook has advertisements telling him to join a cult . 
Is tired after rehearsel , DQ , hanging out in the band room for an hour , and then ycs . 
just finished hanging out with some non band friends for the last time for a week . Bandy overload for the next week :( :) 
loves arriving home after band camp to a massive stack of textbooks to remind him how close school is . 
got most of the problems with his schedule fixed , but is gonna refrain from posting it until he gets the rest of his classes fixed ( such as getting into Spanish 4 instead of 3 , and getting a physics class ) 
is listening to The Trees by Rush , and getting a flashback to band camp . High brass knows what im talking about :) . 
just found out that Spanish 4 H is completely full , so he has empty 7th period now . 
is gonna go ahead and cave to peer pressure and post his schedule , despite the fact he still has to do some changing . 0 Marching Band- Mireau . 1 Chem II AP- Peterson . 2 English III Honors - Dicus . 3 Physics Honors ? ( This is still uncertain ) . 4 Trig Pre Calc- Cohen . 5 Lunch . 6 APUSH- Preising . 7 Open ( Possibly to be filled later with Spanish IV Honors ) . 
Had an awesome day hanging with friends , and getting a massive meal at ycs courtesy of mr abidor . 
is gonna pretend school isnt tomorrow so i dont snap . 
feels like tomorrows gonna be a suprise , because online i have 3 first hours . So i suppose i get to find out tomorrow :) . 
hates walking 40 fuckin minutes home in this fuckin heat . 
feels like he should start his homework soon , but thanks to cohen's 1 hour rule , im probably gonna procrastinate some more . 
is reminded by watching the daily show about why he can never watch an entire news show ( comedy or not ) . Its just too depressing . After listening to the situation the countrys in , and the idiots in charge who lie through their teeth like were idiots , I just ... cant bring myself to visualize a better future , no matter what i do . 
\Thats my oxygen . Don't you touch my oxygen . \"" 
not a good day . Although i did get into spanish finally . 
believes he may have witnessed the most incompetent talk show guest ever . 
is finally done with this long day . And im happy that tonight proved that we dont need < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
has finally found his quotes for the Dicus essay , after changing his word . Now i can finally start the actual essay :( . 
is going insane from this Goddamn essay . 
is FINALLY done with the Dicus essay ! 
Big Brother is watching you . 
Fuck spanish . Im much too tired for this langauge . 
is finally done with homework . Time to collapse as soon as the sugar and caffeine wears off . 
loves all the spanish names atkinson gave out today . 
is back from practice . Uniforms today , and damn do i look good :) . 
Civilization is a youth with a Molotov cocktail in his hand . Culture is the Soviet tank or L.A. cop that guns him down . 
dont fear the combine . 
finally saw Watchmen , and isnt sure what everyone was saying about it . It was a great movie . It was depressing and made me lose a lot of my remaining faith in mankind , but it was good movie . 
( Whooping ) < PROPFEMALE > Wallacemas everyone ! ( Whooping continues ) 
would like to know what YOU did to celebrate Wallacemas . No not you . You right there ! Yes you ! 
had a very ... interesting time today . 
Holy shit this cant be true ! No homework ?! 
is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > bitch ! 
All the whores and politicians will look up and shout \Save us ! \ " And i'll look down and whisper \ " No . \"" 
The Devil went down to < PROPFEMALE > , then left in the form of Mrs. Preising . 
Is finally home , after over 14 hours away . 
had a fun day drinking , playing video games , drinking , bowling , playing basketball , and getting stalked by < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got back from inglourious bastards . FUCKING AMAZING . An absolute masterpiece . And saw < PROPFIRST > at the theatre . 
is back from District 9 with Ban ban . Wow . What an awesome movie . 
is shocked . Just ... wow .... 
finished his BFN . Cant wait till the game friday ! The game that I just lost . 
remembers when band was fun . 
just had a random phone call from his uncle , which resulted in a long and interesting conversation . 
rebels are we , though heavy our hearts shall always be . 
has learned that if i ever have a daughter , I should never let her run through the woods naked and drink blood to get the wife of a man she is having an affair with to die , all the while dancing around a bonfire and speaking gibberish . Thank you mr dicus . 
Just saw a trailer for Boondock Saints 2 . Its either gonna be really good , or a commercialised sequel . I hope its not the second one . 
is in a great fuckin mood . Marchin through the halls , game , and party tomorrow . Not to mention the solo !!!! And < PROPFIRST > was actually pretty nice today . To everyone except < PROPMALE > :) . 
Is finally home . Today was absolutely fuckin amazing ! Trumpets , you did great ! I love ya'll . 
don't let the truth get in the way of a good story . 
moral of today so far : kindness is overrated . 
has finished his Better Know a High Brass piece for this week . And ill give you a hint as to who is featured in it : Hes male and is in the high brass section . 
enjoys getting shouted at for shit i didnt do . Just makes my fuckin day . 
just found out that he did not get the solo . Appararently i misconstrued what mireau meant by \were deciding who gets the solo this thursday\ " And then at the end of rehearsel thursday \ " Ben you play the solo\ " . What a fantastic end to such a fantastic day . Although the talk with < PROPMALE > was good today :D . " 
Went just a little bit overboard on spirit bags . And got quite a bit of random crap , so he is now poor . You better be grateful high brass . 
is FINALLY done with spirit bags . Thank God its only once a year . 
was completely blown away by dr < PROPMALE > . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Vonnegut should not have been allowed to publish books , and should have instead been sent to an asylum . 
so it goes . 
my name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , i am FFV , in the sovereign colony of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thinks he should start a game called Plantationville , which is just like farmville , but you have others do the farming for you , and you dont pay them . 
is home without having to walk 40 minutes in desert heat thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . Piccolos are my new favorite woodwind section . 
Death smiles at us all . All we can do is smile back . 
thinks this may be an all nighter . Fuck this . And then a 5 hour rehearsel . Fuck that too . 
is glad today is over . God , probably the worst school day of my life . 
Its a trap ! 
parents found out about chem grade . Oh how i love getting lectured . 
It is my name ! I cannot have another in my life ! 
thinks dentists are evil . Dental surgeons doubly so . 
has become so immersed in his role as < PROPFIRST > Read that hes actually starting to sympathize with the English . God why is this terrible thing happening !? Damn apush essay . 
is finally able to play that high c . But unfortunately , i also smell the stink of hypocrisy floatin down from the north . 
Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . And i hate net ionic equations :( . 
Its unoriginal status time ! If you are reading this , even if we don't chat that often , comment with one single , unique word that would describe me , according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph , as I did , into your status update ... you might be surprised to read the responses you receive . 
, in assocation with the Faculty and Board of High Brass , oficially declares september 25 National High Brass Day . Trumpets and mellis , i love you all ! You guys are awesome . Especially my pod . And i got my phone back ! Epic day . 
should just stop reading and/or watching the news , cuz it just makes me angry . 
can't believe this shit . Fuckin worst day of my life . 
you meet the wierdest people in ace hardware . Like the man who knew i was a trumpet simply by the fact i had a jazz band shirt on . And the man who talked to the hammer . 
Has finished the Better Know a High Brass Member segment for this week , and is now going to write his English essay . 
Holy baby jesus on his tonka cross , rat traps are scary as hell . Both me and paddy nearly lost fingers . Mireau would have killed me if i snapped my finger . 
1 question , 1 honest answer . you can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) Any question , anything . no matter how awkward it can be ill answer it honestly , no catch . But i dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you . i probably should not be doing this , but oh well 
fuck chem . 
did not understand the Chem AP lab . Got over 50% error . Im thinking thats wrong . 
First place finish at competition + Absolutely amazing homecoming = Epic day . Im in such a good mood right now :) 
feels like hes on top of the world , and is ignoring the fact that he has a 5-7 < PROPFEMALE > paper due thursday 
Peterson has officially banned me from ever missing his class for marching band again , I failed a physics project , and got an essay to write . What a day . 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck writers block . 
' s spell check decided to die on him in the middle of a research paper . God just doesnt want me to do well in school I guess :( . 
Done with essay ! Now heading Californy way ! 
California = amazing time . Loved almost every moment of it . 
slept for waaaaaaaaay too long . Cali was muy exhausting . 
Today was pretty cool . This break has been amazing so far . Hopefully it continues this way :) . 
just managed to pass himself off as 18 in target . Thank you Spanish 3 Dual Enrollment . 
Getting to the movies 3 hours early + Seeing Paranormal Activity ( not to mention sitting between < PROPFEMALE>'s mom and cousin ) = not very fun night . Although watching < PROPFEMALE > freak out was pretty entertaining . Much more so than the movie itself . 
Game was fun :) . Chap still undefeated . Do i smell a state championship in the future ? 
Rocked the psats . National merit semifinalistism here i come . 
off to the state fair , hopefully ill find some time to do some homework . 
wishes he could abstain ( courteously ) from homework . 
just wrote possibly the strangest band family note ever . Wait for friday to have your mind blown . 
has finished censoring his masterpiece , and the resuly is only mildy funny and will blow very few minds . 
no me gusta la quimica para < PROPFEMALE > . Senor Peterson es el diablo ! < PROPFEMALE > diablo bipolar-o ! 
Done with chem . Now on to the rest of my homework ... 
Cant believe how amazing the band is getting . Im seeing 1st at state . Can i get an oorah any trumpets reading this ? 
1st place at asu = Pretty damn awesome . Rest of the day = much much much muhc much less awesome . Apart from my amazing singing of yellow submarine . 
is pondering , musing , contemplating , postulating , reflecting , considering , and thinking 
Feel asleep 5 minutes after starting to think . I think the universe is trying to tell me not to think , and just go with my gut . 
Thanks to everyone whos sent happy birthday wishes . To those of you who haven't: Your slackers . Get on it . And how to celebrate this birthday ? A band competition . Fun . 
Needs a jew to lend him a < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFIRST > for the halloween game tomorrow . Any takers ? 
is done with Preising's rewrite , and is going to sleep disappointed with all the jews who dont own stars of < PROPFIRST > . 
Exhausting day . I definately need a drink . 
Pretty damn awesome day . Stonewall < PROPMALE > costume was really epic , and got complimented on my southern accent by preising . Although a lot of comments about looking emo with the black hair . 
no longer looks like he just finished sweeping a chimney . Gotta find a better hair dye next time . Now off to harrisons . 
Just saw Reservoir Dogs for the first time . < PROPMALE > Tarantino continues to amaze . Love the ending . 
' s phone just reminded him of the one year anniversary of < PROPMALE > Buzzard's defeat in super smash broes last year in vegas . I lol'd . 
' s heart is warmed to see < PROPFEMALE > coming back into the Republican fold by a huge amount . Do i hear McDonnell ' 12 ? 
Just saw on the news that 75% of american youths are unable to join the army because they are either too fat , too stupid , too criminal , or they never graduated high school . God our countrys fucked . 
cant feel his feet . Fucking practice . 
Is so fuckin angry at those fucking sub human pieces of shit at Desert Mountain that i have trouble trying to be fucking coherent . Saguaro was positively polite in comparison with these fuckers . 
State today . Gonna rock it . OORAH ! 
Just found out that his brother bought modern warfare 2 without his knowledge !!!!!!! WTF !!!!! Time to go play it for several hours . I love being the big brother :) 
is so incredibly saddened by the fact that Better Know a High Member will not be published this week . 
Hold on a second ; it appears Better Know a High Brass Member does have a possibility of being published ! Thanks to the generosity , sainthood , and pure awesomeness that is < PROPFIRST > Abidor . 
Has discovered that red rover is quite a dangerous game . Possibly the most dangerous game , with the exception of hunting humans . 
2nd ? By a quarter of a point ? Oh well . Theres always next year . 
High brass shirts + full metal jacket + spending 118 dollars at the 99 cent store ( a group not just me ) + spirit bags = amazing day 
Off to the band banquet . Oorah . 
Pretty good day . Band banquet and poker were both pretty fun . 
would just like to say ... ITS A TRAP ! 
is a figment of moonishs imagination . So are you . 
Well that was an ... interesting thanksgiving dinner . 
Done with the physics project ! Basketball game later tonight , unfortunately not against aussies cuz they all lost in the first round . 
Pretty good day . Going to almost all of the chap game , and seeing the men who stare at goats with senor hazelwood . 
is apparently competing in speech and debate ? News to me . Oh well , might as well give it a shot . 
Just realized that he has no more freshmen to write high Brass articles about .... 
is either going to a band concert tonight , or giving into the Combine . But is there really a difference ? 
is exhausted after a long but fun band concert . Now i only have to do a massive spanish presentation ... 
Chap absolutely destroyed those desert mountain assholes ! And centennial lost to < PROPMALE > de niza ! Which is great news , but i made a bet that if they lost , i would talk and try to act like an indian hindu for a full 24 hours . Unfortunately i cannot do it tomorrow due to speech and debate , so i shall do it monday . It is going to be quite fun :) 
Back from speech and debate for the first time . Damn , that shit is hard . Fun though . 
just woke up from post speech/pre brass party nap , and now has to throw together a gift and try to make it look like i didnt fall asleep in my dress clothes . 
hates the goddamn microsoft paperclip ! Is it its job to make my life harder and to make me feel like smashing my computer and toppling the microsoft corporation !? 
pretty good day . Found out i got a 42 on Gone With the Wind , destroyed the Free Response , had a delicious dinner of fired chicken and grape soda ( no racist jokes please ) , and then got to ride around campus on < PROPMALE>'s car . 
Would like to remind any band kids reading this that your requests are due today !! At least 2 hours before Band Family Notes are due ! Act now , for this offer will probably never been seen again ! 
Has realized that spraypainting styrofoam is harder than it sounds , since styrofoam absorbs spraypaint ... Still , it will be worth it tomorrow , thanks to < PROPMALE > Lillard . 
Well that was an interesting time after finals . Only 1 more day of finals , since friday i have APUSH , which i can get a 0 on and still keep my A , and Dicus , whos final is to go home . 
is disappointed with the amount of people flaking on movie night . 
Just woke up from a nap , in which i had the most fucked up dream of my life . Im now mentally going through all i did today trying to figure out what caused the dream , so that it will never happen again . 
Fun time today with < PROPMALE > and the frosh . A few quotes : \What if black people are really just dark purple ? \ " \ " Don't they speak Brazilian in Brazil ? \ " and \ " You just fucked my chest with a rocket \"." 
is going to make a controversial statement here : Avatar actually isnt all that bad . Not brilliant , and with plenty of cliches and a plot stolen from dances with wolves , but actually fairly good . 
Has figured out a way to get an A in Spanish next semester . Since i spend so much time on facebook when im trying not to do homework , why not put facebook in Spanish ? Bonus : Theres now a Me Gusta button :) . 
Had a great christmas , fun time with the family , delicious deep fried turkey , with not a single fight or other nasty event . Its freaking me out , because i cant remember my last peaceful christmas . Im convinced that a meteor is going to strike my house , or perhaps extended family will show up during the night and start a fight like all the good ol christmases past . Because all this \peace\ " and \ " happiness\ " are new . " 
cant sleep cuz ive got wisdom teeth surgery in the morning , and even though its only a minor little thing , ive got a phobia of hospitals and the like , so i'll probably be up all night . 
Has spent the day chillin with delicious soft foods and oh so enjoyable vicodin . The upside of dental surgery . 
Interesting day . Forming a plan to send a whole lot of singing birthday grams to miss goff , Finding out a bunch of wierd shit about < PROPMALE > & kennedy , being told im not a christian by an ignorant prod , and being mistaken for mikey < PROPFIRST>'s brother . And ive got my post surgery check up in an hour . 
should really stop reading watchmen . That book is screwing with my head . 
just finished birth of a nation and i have to say ... What the fuck !? Did that really end how i thought it did ? 
actually started his Dicus reading early this time . And i have to say , A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius is quite possibly the strangest thing that iv ever read . But it is damn good . Alternately hilarious and depressing . 
plans for weekend : 1 . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dyke of their money in a poker game . 2 . Birth of a Nation fest with < PROPFIRST > Zany and some others . 3 . Convince parents i am not on drugs . Sounds like fun . 
Just watched Inglourious Basterds again , and the movie blew the fragments of my mind that remained after having it blown the first time by that movie . 
Interesting day . Got my binder cleaned out , thanks to an act of great < PROPFEMALE > , got inspired by dicuses speech , and forgot my backpack at jersey mikes . Fun times :) . 
Interesting day . Got my binder cleaned out , thanks to an act of great < PROPFEMALE > , got inspired by dicus's speech , and forgot my backpack at jersey mikes . Fun times :) . 
Is gonna miss conan . Fuck NBC . I really respect conan for standing up for the tonight show , regardless of the money he stands to lose . I hope he finds another show to host . The man deserves it . 
Well that was a depressing first half . Half the teams out injured . 
Well yesterday was a let down , since the poker game magically vanished , but hopefully the Birth of a Nation fest will be entertaining today . 
Wow that was one of the most interesting days ive had in a long long time . Highlights : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Deud , Randomly calling < PROPFEMALE > , putting our own words to a silent movie , and much stranger stuff . 
Finally got that CD from Ashish , and i have to say ... Indians make damn good music . 
What a day . Walking in this morning to find a rotting chicken sammich in my locker , < PROPMALE>'s betrayal , had my mind explode in physics ( what the fuck is a white hole ? ) , Mormon day in APUSH , and senior scheduling . 
Oh massachusetts , the least Republican place in the universe , thank you for voting Republican for the first time since Reconstruction . The GOPs back baby ! McDonnell ' 12 ! 
had 4 tests today , one of which i failed . And I believe i can now sum up American history in one word : Hypocrisy . 
The epicness of school today made up for yesterdays 4 tests . 
Great dinner with family , now trying to locate blazing saddles for tomorrows movie night/poker game . 
Fun day , even though half the people who were supposed to show up didnt . Destroying people in poker never gets old . 
Just found out his uncle's cowboy boots don't fit , and my dad took his cowboy belt to Ohio . Time to improvise . 
The Departed . Nuff said . 
' s legs ache after a day of wearing cowboy boots . 
Is so incredibly pissed at all the people who ditched . Plan this for a fucking week and all of you decide you have better things to do . AGAIN . Fuck ya'll . 
is trying to find himself a famous lookalike , as i am weak willed and unable to resist peer pressure . Ideas anyone ? 
is back from Urinetown . The acting was great . Nice job ya'll . 
Ah shit . Progress reports . Perfect way to ruin a day . 
anyone in jazz thinking of doing the free dennys thing tomorrow ? 
just got done drawing a physics tower and philosophizing . Mostly philosophizing 
Hell of a day . Cocaine , streakers , assembly , and one of my freshmen got himself in a rough spot . 
Still trying to decide what to give up for lent . Any suggestions welcome . 
goin to see a movie , but unfortunately i cant find my fuckin id . Ive searched everywhere at least twice . I Just hope the movie people are chill . 
Well that was an ... interesting night . Should probably be more careful in who i ride with in the future . Oh well , it was fun . 
Well , finally decided what to give up for lent ... Racism ! It'll be hard , but at least i can be racist on sundays and st paddys day :) 
I apologize in advance for anyone i spam with racism today , for i only have 4 hours and 21 minutes until i cant be racist agin until easter , including sundays ( since SOMEONE bitched about that ) , with the exception of st paddys day . 
In order to help fight racism , i suggest you join this < PROPFEMALE > Epic Beard Man . Its pretty damn cool . 
left my backpack at school today . Brilliant . I think this lack of racism is fucking up my mind . 
Sell a man a fish , and you feed him for a day . Teach a man to fish , and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity . 
What i learned from physics : Balsawood doesnt burn very well , but if doused in acetone , one's physcis tower burns very well indeed . 
' s parents have finally made me go through the heap of college letters that ive allowed to pile up for the last ... i dont even know how long . I never realized how many Jesuit schools there were , and i think i must have gotten a letter from every last one . 
Holy shit . I saw this , and the libertarian in me was scared as hell . These people are paying for their school to spy on them . http://www.parentdish.com/2010/02/22/opinion-big-brother-should-be-expelled-from-pennsylvania-school/?icid=main|main|dl4|link3|http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parentdish.com%2F2010%2F02%2F22%2Fopinion-big-brother-should-be-expelled-from-pennsylvania-school%2F 
My God < PROPFIRST > trebek . What have you done ?! 
just got a hair cut . Goodbye < PROPMALE > hair :( 
Remembered why he dislikes Pep band . And is searching for Super Smash to bring to NAU 
Exhausted and back from NAU . God i miss snow :( 
Just dominated my brother in a monopoly game ( im stuck at home due to parental issues ) , and disvoered that he doesnt know what a pint is . I was horrified . 
At an airport waiting to go to San < PROPFIRST > . I feel gayer already . 
Now i've heard there was a secret chord ... 
Silence of the Lambs gets me everytime i watch it . Hannibal Lecter is one fucked up dude . Although my brother thinks its boring . Sometimes i wonder about him ... 
One thing to say : St. Patricks day . Oorah . 
loves St. Patricks day so much , but hates the day after an equal amount . 
has finally gotten the National Merit Corporation to recognize that i do in fact graduate in 2011 . Now just need to work on getting that Semifinalist spot ... 
God i love Pulp Fiction . 
The Perks of being a wallflower is really fucking with my head . Definately a bad idea to read it while listening to depressing music . 
just saw a movie with both < PROPFIRST > Connery and < PROPFIRST > Harmon ( Gibbs ) in it . My mind nearly exploded . I say nearly because after i saw the news comparing the health care < PROPMALE > to the civil rights , and comparing those opposed to it to Klan members . God damn the democratic party . 
just heard < PROPFIRST > Beck compare Catholic clergy to Communist Nazis . I thought it was a very interesting comment . 
thinks if i was 5 and i got knocked down by an angry Dicus , i would be terrified out of my mind . 
fuck you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , fuck you . When did you stop being a comedian and start being a pundit who tells me that everything i believe in is complete idiocy and facism ? 
Just got a present from my dad . A 2000 something < PROPFEMALE > long college book . Thanks dad , ill make sure to read through that sometime . 
loves Mr. Dicus ' class even more after beginning Zen and the < PROPMALE > of Motorcycle Maintenence . This year has exposed me to so many amazing books . All hail Mr. Dicus ! 
Mmmm . Delicious flour filled bread and non-kosher bacon . Oh hello there jews , I didnt see you . How are you doing ? 
has to miss ashishs crazy kegger party for relay for life . Lo siento < PROPMALE > . 
absolutely , utterly , and completely exhausted . I doubt any homework shall get done today . 
mind currently dead from AP test . having trouble typing in complete sentences 
practice surprisingly not all bad . Thankfully a whole month till the next one . Oh wait , less than 2 weeks . :( 
saw the Boondock Saints 2 , and i have to say , actually a pretty good movie . Not at the level of the original , but entertaining nonetheless . 
Mmmm delicious chipotle . And delicious conversation , because i apparantly love to gossip . 
A singer in a smokey room 
State was a bit disappointing ... Oh well . To cheer me up i have another wonderful APUSH exam to take . 
Cant remember the last time ive been panicking this much . I cant sit still , and cant focus on anything . Fucking SAT . 
Monumental event . Saw a Canadian movie ... that was actually GOOD ! Good job canucks . Didnt think you had it in you . 
I hate you < PROPMALE > Meany . Absolutely hate you . 
So ready for this Goddamn test . Nice contrast from WHAP , where i was panicking the day before . Oo-fuckin-rah ! 
In the words of < PROPFEMALE > , it is most assuredly time to storm the lion's share of the beaches with a grain of salt . What a funny little AP test ! 
\Shaq get ball . Why you get mad at Shaq for get ball ? \"" 
cant believe im missing it . My fucking luck i guess . 
Pretty awesome day . Our Dicus extra credit video is definately in the top ten all time greatest dicus videos ever . 
Must write Dicus essay ... Damn you facebook for making me procrastinate . 
Haha success ! Parental consent to dicus trip granted ! Gonna be especially awesome now that the euro is going down the shithole thanks to the wonderful nation of Greece . Now i just need to figure out who to make the check out to . Help por favor ? 
Most awesome day in a long , long time . High brass section leader , band council treasurer , awesome time at the picnic , not to mention that when my mom showed up to the picnic she was stumbling from medication , so i got to drive home , and did so well that shes been convinced to let me get my license soon . Can you say Oorah ? 
has spent 4 days now looking for my phone . I give up . If you need to talk to me , use the internet . 
Thats what i like to see ! Into the breach once more ! The suns wrecking those LA assholes . 
I have to say , < PROPFIRST > Hood was pretty goddamn amazing . Bad luck for some people < PROPMALE > Phelan that decided not to come . 
For all you < PROPMALE > Adams fans , tomorrow is Towel Day . I hope to see some of you who know where your towel is . 
Is still nervous about my Spanish grade . 80.0 going into the final , and Senora has yet to upload it ... 
Pretty awesome day today . Some ... enlightening ... conversations . 
Absolutely heartbreaking . Whatever . Our Slovenian is better than your Slovenian . 
What a way to spend a night . Watching the terrible first game of the finals , then spending the rest of the night repeatdly losing at poker . Oh well , the truffles were delicious , and i got my pants back ! 
DAMN YOU < PROPFEMALE > ! Why did you have to have so many dynasties ?! I need to memorize them all in order for the SAT Subject Tests tomorrow ! 
SAT IIs were a bad start to the day , but i finally tried that new KFC Doub < PROPFEMALE > Down ( delicious ) , and got my grades back . Atkinson didnt give me a C ! I guess its true what they say : A cada puerco < PROPFEMALE > l < PROPFEMALE > ga su sabado . 
Haha ! I'm finally getting out of this state for a month ! Goodbye furnace heat , hello < PROPFEMALE > ! Gonna miss the people the people though . Well , most of them . The rest of you know who you are :) . 
Why are people always so amazed that an ice cream store sells cigarettes ? It gets really annoying after like the first 50 people . 
Hearing a bunch of drunk high school seniors scream \Penis ! \ " at the top of their lungs for 15 minutes just makes my night . " 
Pretty wierd moment at work today . Listening to Pandora , the three songs that come on in a row were : One by Metallica , The General by Dispatch , and Mrs. Robinson by < PROPMALE > and Garfunkle . Damn you Pandora , stop letting school follow me to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
USA ! USA ! USA ! Thats my original status of the month . 
God damn Malians . Trying to < PROPMALE > the USA of a victory that so deserve . You'd think they could have some competent refs in the World Cup , but nooooooo ... 
Fun day today . Short shift at work , crazy lady with a lacrosse stick attacking my neighbours , and cops everywhere . Its like watching \Cops\ " without the tv . " 
I just realized i get called gringo more in < PROPFEMALE > than in Arizona . What the fuck ?! 
Completely awesome day . Reason one : Got to close the shop BEFORE midnight due to reason two , which is this : ITS FUCKING RAINING ! Not the little pussy rain we have back in Arizona , but like a full blown storm . Strangely , no one else seemed to be this happy about this miracle . Instead , they said it was cold and sad and blah blah bitch bitch blah blah . I love it ! 
Come on USA ! If we cant beat Algeria , we dont even deserve to be in the World Cup ! 
I think my heart has stopped . FUCK YEAH !!! USA ! USA ! 
Time to crush the last African team in this African World Cup . I say 2-0 USA ! Dont let me down Altidore ! 
Well that was depressing ... 
Day well spent : mimicking coworkers ' accents ( Hungarian is quite difficult ) , Pretending not to speak English well to customers after 1 AM ( plus calling all the customers comrade ) , and pranks on coworkers ( when someone is near hot oil , splash water on their legs . Their brain tells them its burning hot oil and they scream . ) . I don't think I had enough parenthetical statements in this status ( but now I do ( or do I ? ) . ) . 
Oh Ocean City , with your hot weather , drunk and spoiled high schoolers , and high population of people who speak poor english , i shall miss you when i get back to Arizona . Oh , wait ... 
Huh , thats wierd . Just saw that im not travelling home through Philly , but through < PROPFEMALE > . Interesting thing to discover just hours before my flight . 
I used to think holding a paycheck in ones hands was the most rewarding thing hard work could accomplish . That is , until i held TWO paychecks . Double your pleasure , double your fun :) . 
In the words of the eternal bard : \The Boys are Back in Town ! \ " Now i just need to find out who is in town 
Happy 234th birthday to los Estados Unidos . Also , more importantly , a victory over the British , something much more worthy of celebrating ! 
My way to celebrate independence day : Being distracted from the fireworks because I have to sit in a class full of sophomores taught by Mrs. < PROPMALE > for 5 hours tomorrow . Words cannot desribe the lack of excitement I feel . 
I'm about ready to kill someone from the school district right about now . Fucking pieces of shit . Guess im gonna have to live with that F . Whoopde fucking do . 
Blessed are the cheesemakers , for they shall inherit the earth . 
Just found out from my cousin , an ex-band kid , that we had nearly the exact same uniforms . And it just goes to show you what i band nerd i am that i found this amazing . 
For some reason im staying in a hotel for the next three days ... in Scottsdale . Whatever , the beds are comfy , so all is well in the world . 
Excellent evening . Got my AP score , and had a delicious steak . Living the good life :) . 
Among the many gifts we gave to my cousin , food poisoning was not among the most well received . 
Lets go whichever team that wins ! I dont give a shit since all my favorites have been knocked out ! 
Cant say im surprised Espana won , but i cant say im too glad about it either . 
If i were to sink my teeth into your eye , right now , would you be able to stop me before i blinded you ? 
Wow . Just found out the marching band show . I dont think the birdcage or my friends are ever going to let me live down doing this ... 
Pretty great day so far . Delicious lunch with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , then destroyed them in both cod and the luckiest game of poker i have ever played . Garretts gingerness is still shocking to the eyes though , and i think i lost of bit of my soul just by associating with him . 
I'm an agent of chaos . Oh , and you know the thing about chaos ? It's fair . 
So strange seeing familiar furniture in an unfamiliar place . On the bright side , < PROPMALE>'s a shithole ( and they dont even have LBJ ( Lebron , not the ex-President ) to make up for it and more ) , and I'm spending the next 5 days college visiting . Oh wait , thats not a bright side ... 
I used to think that people who visited a college and immediately knew they wanted to go there were full of shit . If i believed in < PROPFEMALE > , i would say it was < PROPFEMALE > that made me one of those people today . I suppose theres some sort of irony involved here as its a Quaker college of all things . Whatever : I <3 Haverford . 
Touring Georgetown + seeing Inception = Quite an excellent day . 
Driving around the East Coast has reminded me of something I had almost forgotten . I am really , really , REALLY lucky to not live in West < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just love early flights with out of the way connections and long layovers in crappy airports . Thats not sarcasm , I'm secretly masochistic . 
Probably the strangest thing I've ever heard on an airplane : A stewardess ( screw political correctness ) asking how many Freemasons were on the plane , and asking all Masons to press their call buttons . 
Does it make me a band geek if I was quite excited to pick up my horn again after not playing for the month plus some that I was out of town ? \ 
Answer : Yes . Man am I looking forward to band camp . 
Not excited about getting up at 8 tomorrow . Feels like school ... 
Sort of kind of required to do this : Join color guard ! Its a great experience ( or so i've been told ) , and you get to < PROPFEMALE > with the coolest kids in school : the band ! You can tell how exciting it is by all the exclamation marks I'm using !!!! 1 !! one !!! 
I forgot how fun hanging with the section can be . But it seems < PROPMALE > Adelman and < PROPFIRST > Salasnek were too cool to be there . Or , more likely , < PROPFIRST > was too busy dealing with a hangover to show up . 
All animals are equal . But some animals are more equal than others . 
If your not a band kid , I would advise stating away from YCs , as at least a small group of us will be there for the rest of the day . 
My section is full of flakes . Not happy at the moment . 
I can't understand my family sometimes . My brother , responding to me saying he doesnt know what good music is , says he likes jazz . I said \Oh really 
In the last week , I've been sunburned on at least half of my body , been dressed up as a British maid , been hit in the cajones with a dodgeball , completed a threepeat in drill downs , and generally had the time of my life . I cant believe it was my last band camp as a student . 
Roses are red\ 
And ready for plucking\ 
You're sixteen\ 
And ready for high school 
Ignorance is bliss , and so I am staying willfully ignorant of when school starts . If enough to people stop believing it , it ceases to be the truth , right ? Or does that only work on Wikipedia ? 
Fuuuuuuuuck . How can school be starting in less than 12 hours ? This is bullshit . 
This seems to have been the longest day I ever had to go through . Like a whole week compacted into 1 day . And I get the pleasure of going through it again tomorrow . 
Must ... start ... homework .... 
Damn you air conditioning , why do you absolutely refuse to work !? 
People are assholes . High schoolers doubly so . Things are just generally shitty right now . 
Thank God the airconditioning finally works . One thing finally goes right . 
What a great day . Neers class was beyond words , and the first real dinner sectional of the year was great . I love my boyos more every week . Ya'll are awesome . OORAH ! \ 
\ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > , please learn your left from your right by monday , or tuesday at the latest . 
Math study groups definately ruin my days . 
I would love just one day without my mom trying to persuade me to drop a few courses . 
\Why dont you demonstrate your dancing by that pole ? \ " \ 
Have you ever had a dream that you were sure was real ? What if you were unable to wake from that dream ? How would you tell the difference between the dream world , and the real world ? 
nostalgiaing- word , or not a word ? Irregardless , its what im doing now . 
There is no quicker way to cheer me up than reading Better Know a High Brass Member articles . Except alcohol . That cheers me up pretty quickly too . 
You know what starts tomorrow ? Drill ! Get excited ! 
What an awesome day . Drill , cake , puppet shows , cookies , lollipops in Neer , getting a sammich made for me ( my personal favorite moment ) , watching the Boondock Saints , and managing to be both the winner and the least knowledgable person in \Disnia Trivia\ " Pursuit . Makes up for the absolute shit week I had . " 
is NOT staying up till 2 today . Goodnight world . 
For once , i finished a Better Know a High Brass Member article early , but it wont let me send it to < PROPFIRST > Jimminycrickets Abidor . I think this God telling me to never again finish anything early . 
Dont you just hate peer pressure ? What losers would give into it ? Speaking of which ... \ 
Inbox only ! Tell me something you have always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between us . Post as your status and see what you get . 
gettin force fed humble pie ... 
Pretty uneventful sectional today ( the best kind ) , except for the ALARM GOING OFF EVERY FIVE FUCKING MINUTES ! \ 
But good news for all you band kids , we ARE doing the APS Electric Light Parade this year ! 
Taking a nap , then waking up and freaking out because you think its tomorrow : a quintessential high school experience . 
What a rehearsal . I think that was the most compliments the high brass has ever received , both as a section and individually . Im honored to lead you boyos , and tomorrow we're gonna rock out like never before . Its GAME DAY ! OORAH !! 
That was an absolutely amazing friday . My last first game though :( . 
What a weekend . A complete emotional roller coaster with some really scary moments , but on the plus side i got to play basketball with an asian Shaq , so it comes out pretty close to even . 
Don't you just love it when you find out that your computer crashed and your college essay was deleted ? Fuck you computer and all your technological friends ! Bonus : Itunes also deleted , so my life is lacking music at the moment . Though after sectionals that may be a good thing .... 
Damn man , why < PROPFIRST > ? My mornings will never be the same . You shall be missed . 
Pretty good practice tonight . The drill this year is really awesome . Almost makes up for the show .... 
Tried to write a note about < PROPFIRST > , but i just couldnt . Sorry boyos , but there will be no Better Know a High Brass Member this week . 
Birdcage , i love you all this year . This is so much better than all the past years combined . 
What . A . Saturday . I cant even describe it , except via a quote ... \ 
\Sparteros ! Cual es su profesion !? \ 
Oh Baele's house , what magic mysteries you do hold .... 
I seem to have once again lost my voice after an overenthusiastic singing performance on rock band . I really need to stop doing that . 
No homework for the first time since school began . Thank you jews ! \ 
On the not so fun side , < PROPFIRST > comes today . God help us all , if He's not too busy with the jews . 
Except for a few incidents , actually a pretty good practice , thanks mostly to < PROPFIRST > . I'm actually glad hes back . As such , my mood has much increased , and i realized what a < PROPMALE > i was today to a lot of people . My sincerest apologies for that . 
Not having BFNs actually gave me time to proofread my article for once . I do believe it may just be my piece d'resistance if i do say so myself . 
Uncle Remus , you tell the best tales in the whole United States of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
In the words of flogging < PROPFEMALE > , its been the worst day since yesterday . Wow , if that doesnt sound overly dramatic im < PROPMALE > fucking Cromwell . 
\It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees\ " or \ " Don't let the truth get in the way of a good story\ " \ 
Definately a good sectional today . I wish they were all like that . Ya'll have a whole lot of potential , and i cant wait to see you guys when it finally starts to click . And , reminder , do your recordings ! Theyre due thursday ! 
Printing out posters for the locker . I'm definately gonna win this bet with dean . \ 
P.S. Do you know what tomorrow is ? IT'S GAME DAY ! 
Band practice and waiting for a phone call for hours : the way i love to spend one of my few free fridays . Made even better by watching videos of my boyos playing the same things over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and i think you get the idea . 
I hope that whoever invented online school is assassinated , and that the assassins are more competent than the ones who tried to kill the Pope . 
Well this weekend has officially sucked . I really shouldnt procrastinate online school for 2 and a half weeks . 
I think too much for my own good .... 
Actually a very productive sectional today . Thank you to most of you for your hard work . This has probably been the best tuesday so far this year . 
Having an excellent day once again . This week has been going great so far . Hopefully I can keep this going , and neither practice tonight nor big tests tomorrow will destroy it ! 
Jesus . Minor accidents certainly get the adrenaline pumping . And they make for interesting car rides . 
Ahhhhhhhhhh ! College interview ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Being unable to control the assholish shit pouring out your mouth makes for a great night . Still , overall the night was good . 
I'm in such a good mood :) . Not even the fact that tomorrow is tuesday bothers me . We'll see how long this lasts . 
Nothing gold can stay . 
“Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by tired and discouraged men who kept on working . ” 
spent my half day playing halo reach and being conned into helping people with physics projects . On the plus side , I'm definately looking forward to Mr. Baele's final shirt design . 
Wow . That was the first sectional I've had fun at since last year . The only bad thing : my section doesnt seem to understand the meaning of the word compliment . They seem to think it means \Insult the other person so that they feel like shit . \"" 
I would like to remind < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Seely Mikey Hanson < PROPFIRST > Vukelich < PROPFIRST > Salasnek < PROPFIRST > Espe and Connor Jennison ( it wont let me tag you ) that your Notes o ' Love are due by 8 at the absolute latest , no exceptions . And those of you who insist on not turning them in or not complementing people will not receive the notes written to you . NO FREE RIDES . 
Only 5 of my boyos will be receiving Notes O ' Love tomorrow . Thank you five for your effort and for following directions . 
One phrase that defines tonight : Murphy's Law . Though it may be salvaged if J.C. and < PROPMALE > come through . I trust you guys , please please please fix my trumpet , and I will be in your debt , and you can hold me to that . 
< PROPMALE > . The only doubt in my mind is : how will all the other band react to getting destroyed by Chaparral ? 
Well that was an experience . Marching band without marching .... God damn weather . What a fucking weekend . Not to mention we were done before nine , yet somehow mireau managed to stall our return to school until eleven , thereby ruining one of my very , very few chances to be social on a band weekend . 
Thank you Jesus , we qualified ! This weekend just got quite a bit better . 
Haven't seen anyone being uncreative and posting lyrics as a status recently . I'll have to fix that . \ 
\Sick and tired of what to say . No one listens anyway . Sing 
An absolutely amazing day . The only bad parts were the Princeton thing , and the fact that < PROPFIRST>'s phone number that I was given is wrong , and so < PROPFIRST>'s gonna be pissed even more than usual . 
Fuck you hail . You attack us during practice , and shatter my skylights . Not appreciated . 
Calling all band kids ! Have you ever wanted to have a Better Know a High Brass Member article written about you ? Well nows your < PROPMALE > ! I've officially exhausted my supply of High Brass Members , so this competition is open to all band kids . There are only two conditions . \ 
1 . You have not had a BKHBM article written about you before . \ 
2 . You do not play the clarinet . \ 
Send me a facebook message ! 
Definately did not expect this many people wanting an article . People are gonna have to start being extra persuasive , or else get reeeeeeeeeeally lucky . \ 
P.S. Not promising anything , but i may do more than one , and i will do this other weeks as well . 
Since my section so desperately wants new nicknames , I'll give you them here : Ponyboy , Crash Dummy , < PROPFEMALE > , Techno Whore , Rapist Jr. , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Schneider , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Il , Scapegoat , Cartman , Goldilocks , and < PROPMALE > . Now all you have to do is figure out who you are . There are reasons for them all ( except < PROPMALE > , which I just thought was cool . 
Life is oh so very , very good . Absolutely nothing can kill my mood ( knock on wood ) . Not to mention I only offended like two or three people today , which is really low for me . 
Haha ! < PROPFIRST > got my trumpet fixed ! This day just gets better and better ! 
Whew ! Barely got my articles in before the 10 of the clock deadline . Not sure if i adequately disguised all the racism in the articles though . I suppose I'll find out tomorrow . 
Pretty damn awesome time at Disneyland . Now I only have to survive a little time at my house before getting out of here once again . \ 
P.S. I <3 < PROPFIRST > . 
Nothing better to take one's mind off things than trying to transcribe one's favorite song into Bb , when it was originally written for piano and the fiddle , based upon nothing but listening to it and < PROPFEMALE > scraps you can find on the internet . Frustrating , but it definately occupies the ol ' cerebral cortex . 
I had forgotten how oh so unphotogenic I am . Thank you various Disneyland trip photographers for reminding me . 
Using facebook after seeing the Social Network has completely changed the way I see the site . Just kidding , I dont care . \ 
Oh , and apparently me trying to be nice is the funniest shit since the Detroit Lions winning a game . 
So utterly exhausted ... Yet at the same time so utterly satisfied with one of the greatest experiences ive ever had . But if i may offer some humble advice : NEVER eat bacon prepared by Koreans . They fundamentally misunderstand the concept of it . 
Mr. Leinwojl is officially my third favorite techer , after Dicus and Hammond . I actually look forward to that class somehow . 
For my high brass with angry parents with regards to tonight's discussion or really anything band related , refer them to me so that i take the brunt of their anger and not you . In the end , it's all my responsibility anyways . 
Hoping against hope . 
La Liga de los Caballeros Extraordinarios : Great idea , or the Greatest Idea ? Oh , and the St. < PROPFIRST>'s game really fluffed my panda , if ya know what i mean . 
That has to have been one of the strangest competitions ive ever gone through . The band got an excellent though , so its all good . Pretty damn awesome seeing the alumni too . 
No use permitting some prophet of doom to wipe all your smiles away . Life is a cabaret oh darling , so come to the cabaret ! 
I feel like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > after writing the greatest constitution ever written . Now we just have to wait for district approval , and then La Liga de Los Caballeros Extraordinarios is official ! 
Now that im an adult , i feel like i have to start doing more manly things , like growing a long , flowing , beard and cutting down trees in my spare time . Not to mention wearing flannel shirts . \ 
Oh and thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday . Im not going to thank you individual thanks because im lazy , but < PROPFIRST > Pollack < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Zach Wik deserve individual thanks . 
Now i understand why girls have drama : Its so entertaining to hear about ! Not enjoyable to experience , but ill be damned if it doesnt make a good story . \ 
Also , for all you in La Liga de Los Caballeros Extraordinarios , tomorrow is our first suit day ! So dress up and \promote respect and exemplary behaviour \"." 
Conversation with my brother : \Hey < PROPMALE > what are you doing ? \ " \ " Looking through bullshit college letters . \ " \ " What are you looking at now ? \ " \ " USC engineering\ " \ " USC ? Why would you want to go to South Carolina ? \ " He can be vaguely entertaining sometimes . \ 
It's amazing just how much inspiration a freshman playing with m&m's can give me when I'm down . Probably the oddest status ive ever posted , but one of the most heartfelt . High brass , I love you guys . 
Time for some shock and awe . The other bands will never know what hit em . 
Chaparral band = superior . Im so proud of my boyos . Such an emotional performance . I dont know what id do without them . Love my fellow seniors and love my high brass . Oorah boyos . 
Isnt it lovely when youre enjoying a nice dinner of delicious tacos and you get a call from ( Historically Mine ) < PROPFEMALE > Humphrey Preising ? Quite unexpected , to say the least . 
I really need to stop taking naps everyday , cuz on the days i take naps , nothing ever gets done . Also , i've realized that < PROPFIRST > has actually make me start to hate the steelers jerseys , even though they are/were my favorite team . On the plus side , 4 hours and 21 minutes until Conan !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So a decision has been reached : For lent this year im giving up being an asshole . It will be incredibly difficult , but its going to happen . 
Life-sized cardboard cutout : great idea , or the greatest idea ? Hint : Its the second one . 
My last competition as part of the Chaparral Firebird Marching band . Time to fuck shit up , in a completely musical way of course . To my section : Though we all have our flaws , i wouldnt trade y'all for any other group in the world . It has been an absolute honor to lead you boyos . Whatever happens today , Im proud of you guys . 
Fuck you common app for grouping all music together and making it look like i have no extracurriculars . Fuck you and whoever thought you up . 
Pretty damn awesome day , apart from Senora's fantasy about Mie Hashimoto and I fighting . Then again its Senora , so I have to expect these sort of things . The crazy really improves the class . 
Filming a Hamlet Hammond project , then immediately afterwords seeing Mr. Hammond ? So much win . 
< PROPMALE > Potter costume : complete . Sooooo psyched for tonight ! 
Actions speak louder than words , so nothing I can say will add or subtract from this night , a night which I will remember for a long , long time . 
Ha ! Fianlly got them damn orange hair dye out of my hair ! After two days no one will mistake me for < PROPMALE > Buzzard again . 
Awesome night at awards , i love all my section , followed by an awesome poker game , followed by a cop with satanic powers . ' Tis the life of a band kid . 
Question to anyone who knows school policy : If i wanted to excuse myself from a class , being an adult , do i just go to the office and say \please excuse me from this class \"?" 
The road to hell is paved with the best intentions , which is heaven compared to the subway to hell , which is made entirely out of the homeless . 
It is important to practice moderation in everything , including moderation . 
All work and no play makes Hamlet a dull boy\ 
All work and no play makes Hamlet a dull boy 
Finally written another Better Know a High Brass Member article ! My month plus a little hiatus is finally at an end . 
It's a long way to the top , but why would you ever want to go there ? It's lonely up there . 
After watching the Godfather ( and the second half of the sequel ) again , I had an epiphany : There is a reason that car companies make the shotgun seat so comfy . And that reason is so mobsters can entice you there to murder you ! I reconsidered my urge to always claim that seat , but then i figured : to hell with it . If I'm going to die , I might as well die comfortably . 
I would just like to take this opportunity to say : < PROPFEMALE > Toronto , that is possibly the greatest video i have ever seen . Thank you for all the hard work . 
What should Chaparral basketballs new motto be ? Pretty fly for white guys . That was a damn good game with some damn good playing . Hopefully the whole season goes that way . 
Is it bad that going into finals week , I cant think at all about finals ? Instead im waiting for nothing else but that envelope coming in the mail .... 
Fuck you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for inventing calculus . Yes , you may have discovered gravity , but that does not redeem you . If i had ever met you in the street , I would have integrated your ass so hard that your mother would have had a \+ c\ " attached . \ 
I swear to God , there are poor African nations with better postal systems than the United States . I guess I'll just have to wait for them to realize they have a fucking job to do and deliver my letter . 
Thanks to senora , i will now be able to discuss fluently the subjects of sleeves , firemen , exiles , wounded , dying , or dead men , and glass cabinets . I feel more Hispanic by the minute ! 
is offically a member of the Haverford class of 2015 ! 
I dont even have words to desribe today . I dont think there are words in any language to describe this day . Except maybe Welsh ; those fuckers can say a whole lot for a people who loathe vowels . 
When the day began , I definately did not think i would end up taking a pre-dinner hummer limo ride . Only in scottsdale . 
You know whats mind blowing ? Using a metaphor , and then watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > work that metaphor into a joke 30 minutes later . A pretty obscure metaphor too \The Darry to their Ponyboy\ " . It's the little things that really make my day :) " 
Definately did not expect to meet a man wielding a broadsword when I went out caroling with the brass . I would say its the little things in life that surprise me , but a broadsword is in no way a little thing . 
I hope everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas tomorrow . But I hope y'all remember what it's really about . There was a time when it wasn't about obsese men dressed in flamboyant colors enslaving woodland creatures to fly across the world bringing commercialism to children everywhere . No , remember that tomorrow , years and years ago , Raptor Jesus was hatched , and that he went extinct for your sins . 
Siraaj Ghori . Nuff said . 
\Getting through things really helps you get through things . \ " Sometimes I wonder .... " 
Ah , drama . Its times like this that make me glad I'm not a female . I can barely handle the diluted version guys have to deal with ; I'd be dead within a week if I got the full dose of it . 
Quite the productive day today . Offended several women , had delicious wings and ice cream , snuck < PROPFIRST > Zany in free as part of the band ( he played damn good triangle ) , and completed a spanish project at two red lights on the way home . If it hadnt been for a sub-par school experience , today would have been my ideal day . 
3 hours for a grand total of maybe 6 kids . Sorry , but half an hour per kid is a little too steep a price for me . 
Yesterday I officially received my snow education ( or snowducation ) . I learned there is a proper way to wear a scarf , that snow-capped mountains actually exist in reality and not only on arrowhead bottles and in paramount movies , that I have absolutely terrible aim with snowballs , and that sledding is a dangerous and extreme sport not to be undertaken lightly . Part 1 of preparing for Philly : complete . 
Oy Vey . Sometimes , like now , I wonder if all those stereotypical crazy Jewish mothers you see in movies were based off my mother . Sure , she might not be Jewish , but she shares all the other characteristics . 
Oh Bears . Maybe its time to start playing like youre in the NFL and not just a bad college team ? Or you could just keep sucking . Your choice . 
Well , thats pretty much the entirety of my family let down today , although that 3rd stringer had a damn good game . Now its hopefully time for the Steelers to raise my spirits ( knock on wood ) . 
Damn awesome night . Got to watch Chap wreck in hockey , the Steelers wreck in football , AND I saw a kid wearing a Haverford sweatshirt !!! First person I've seen outside the actual school . They do exist ! 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Boehner , Thank you for taking < PROPMALE > Cheney's job of staring emotionlessly into the camera . I missed trying to figure out whether he was trying to hypnotize the audience or was having another heart attack . And so the game begins again .... 
Coming soon : The Chaparral Flying Firebirds Quidditch Team . You know you want to join . 
Do Not Disturb : Jazz immersion in progress . 
I am beginning to get a new respect for tax accountants . That they can deal with such bureaucratic bullshit all year long and yet keep the level of suicide in their profession to such a low number is mind bottling . 
Utterly magical experience . Apart from the hobo dressed in camouflage that followed us around . But other than that : the experience of a lifetime . 
Ohhh , its good to be home , just to be reminded of why i enjoy long periods away from it , even if it does mean lying on the floor of a cramped rental < PROPFIRST > . 
I've had black and yellow running through my head ever since I got up today . A sign from the football gods ? I think so . 
Due to the wonder that is the United States Postal Service , i have 20 days to finish an application that i should have had a month and a half to do . At least its not the hardest one ive ever had to do ; oh wait , it is . 
Where have you gone < PROPFIRST > Dimaggio ? A nation turns its lonely eyes to you . 
All you marching band kids : Remember that tomorrow is the first ever Firebird Marching Band Quidditch Tournament ! 2 PM at Mountain View Park . Be there , or be Muggle . BYOB ( Bring Your Own Broom)\ 
P.S. Some RSVPs would be nice , so we know how many people to plan for . 
So I've taken Mireau's advice ( unorthodox though it is ) , and decided to actually listen to jazz trumpetists to help with my improvisation . It seems like an odd idea , but im willing to give it a shot . Does anyone have any suggestions of jazz trumpet players , as I've obviously never listened to any before ? 
Well this has been an utterly terrible weekend . Great to see < PROPMALE > and the superior isnt too bad , but other than that ... I never thought I would want a school week to come , but i really do . 
Just convinced a bunch of my non-Catholic friends , most of whom arent even christian , to do Lent this year ( 8 days and counting ) . I feel like a pusher . 
Flogging < PROPFEMALE > Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day concert here I come :) . Finally managed to get parental consent . This is offically the best day ever , until this Saint Paddy's day , which will then likely become the best day ever . 
Holy shit , where have the days gone ? Mardi Gras tomorrow , then comes the wonderful season of Lent . Prepare to be introduced to the nice Bendsley , if such a creature exists . Not tomorrow though ; tomorrow everyone is getting a double dose of meanness to make up for it , and a few choice people will even get a triple dose . Enjoy . 
Sometimes its those seemingly small comments that bring about those moments of pure happiness . And most of the time it doesnt even register to the speaker the significance of whats been said . Boyos , sometimes i really love you guys . Not as often as i've wanted to strangle y'all , but today was definitely one of those days . Oorah\ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > Zany , i forgive you for the pep assembly . 
\Even if I had another rubber band 
Make a joke about being cursed , then get home to find that my house had been robbed . The Big Man does have a sense of humor after all , and I do have to admit that in spite of the situation , I objectively find it pretty damn funny . Eh , whatever , Deus vult . 
