Arriving in Chico on Thursday afternoon . Leaving on Sunday ... 

RIP < PROPFIRST > Hughes ... He went too soon . 
is nervous before a performance for the first time in years ! 
Three videos uploaded comments and critiques appreciated . 
hates being sick at this time of year 
is getting prepared for Country at the Merc this Saturday at 9 and Temecula Live next Saturday at 2pm . 
Country at the Merc tonight @ 9 . 
Getting prepared for Temecula Live this Saturday @ 2 . 
back at the MERC 7PM on 2/13 
Looking forward to singing at the MERC Saturday at 7 . 
Has officially joined the \dirty thirty\ " crowd . " 
is gonna go sing at Texas Lil's tonight to celebrate my birthday . 
actually remembers his drunken escapade . 
singing at the Merc tonight at 7 . 
Has a naked face for the first time in quite a while . 
Off to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s for the night . 
Pechanga or Stampede ... I'll flip a coin . 
Planning a trip north next week . 
Gonna be in Chico on Wednesday . Back in SoCal on either Saturday or Monday . 
Is in CHICO for a few days . 
Safely Back in SoCal . 
Singing tonight at the Merc . 7PM 
To EVERYONE : DO NOT CLICK ON THE OPTICAL ILLUSION LINK !!!! It will send out a copy of itself to all of your friends . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s tonight . 
going to Law's tonight to try and qualify again ... 
In at the 3 I was planning on doing ... NOW WHAT ??? 
Runner up at the WCCMA competition as Male New Country Entertainer , but qualified to go to Tennessee ... \ 
Congrats to everyone else who qualified ! 
Off to the OC Marketplace to sing ... back in a couple days . 
you and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( And if you make a comment , you gotta copy/paste this into your status ... fair is fair 
TGIFriday's tonight in Temecula . I'll be running karaoke for a couple hours starting at 9 . Come down and let me know how I do . 
GOOD NIGHT !!! 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are and if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me usingthe THIRD letter of YOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about ... You ! 
Changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday , there should be no human faces on facebook , but a stash of memories . This is for eliminating violence against children . ? 
needs someplace in Seattle to sing either tonight or tomorrow . Anyone able to help ? 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes . Had a buzzed night , but not belligerent ... the best kind of intoxication !! 
Okay , so my curiosity is piqued ... ergo , If you love me , comment on this status . If you think I am a good friend , like this status . If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . If you hate me , message me and tell me why . If you are not scared , post this to your status and see what you get ... 
Off to Nashville in the morning for 4 days ... then on to Pigeon forge for 6 more days and the NACMAI Singing Competition . I'll post when I can , but it'll probably be intermittent since the computer is staying here in Cali . 
Arrived in Nashville - weather sucks . Opry tonight - < PROPMALE > Paisley , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the band < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Maybe < PROPMALE > Atkins too . Backstage at the Opry before the show . 
Alright here's an update for everyone . My scheduled times to compete are Saturday at 10:30 AM and 5 PM . There are only 12 others competing in the vocalist category and 14 in the entertainer , so my chances have improved greatly . I'll get more updates for y'all after the performance and results shows . ( yes I did just use y'all ) 
