fukk it .. im openin a beer :D 

blah 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as the result of a \ 
conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you \ 
as friends , but also as family !!! Lets see who in my friends list \ 
actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be \ 
watching to ... see who really is paying attention . 
Who knows me best ? My full name . Age . Eye color . Birthday . & Bestfriend . Copy to your status and see who knows you best ! (: 
Missin my babys while im at youthbuild 
Waitin on < PROPFEMALE > just left grandmas she ain't lookin to good 
well i think its time for a change in my life 
just hold your breath and take the plunge fuck what everyone says 
ugh ... its been a long day the fucking cadillac broke on my way home and i left my phone in it .. so hopefully ill get it back tomorrow .. on the good side i get to take the truck tomorrow : ) 
had a much better day but im tired as hell 
what a crazy day 
well after tonight bens got the baby for the weekend and im ready to go out and have a girls night 
i like it on the bed 
people need to figure out their shit 
Sittin at angies bonfire ... Happy birthday baby 
had a fuckin blast last night and this mornin love you < PROPFEMALE > baby 
rawr !!! im fuckin bored 
babysittin < PROPMALE > waitin on dad and steph to get home so i get my turn to go out for a lil 
I\ 
have carried a baby in my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I \ 
have kissed booboos , been puked , peed & pooped on . Woke up to a \ 
hungry baby and stayed up all night with a sick baby . But I wouldn't \ 
have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look \ 
in the mirror , I ... see a Mom and there is no greater honor or blessing . \ 
Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOM . 
Fuck ! Why can't phones and water get along 
waitin on < PROPMALE > to put his baby to sleep so i can go see him ;) 
AAACCHOOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.. Copy & paste this to your status if you're allergic to bullcrap , drama , headgames , liars , & fake people !! Keep this sneeze going .... OMG this is so true ... 
One love to all of those . Who stood by me through all the lows . And they came out to my shows ... And gave me a reason . To pick up this hatchet . And run with the family SCREAM PSYCHOPATHIC . 
gonna go out with the girls !! maybe itll take my mind off things 
havin a blast wit < PROPFEMALE > and lynnsay .. kinda drunk lol 
fuckN theiving ass niggers 
sorry that last post was < PROPFEMALE > .. lol .. she thought she was on hers . but i had a hella good night :) 
dont feel very good but imma fix that later :) 
Sorry\ 
everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 \ 
Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . \ 
This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive \ 
within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , \ 
... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me . ... Copy within\ 
11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck ....... 
had a pretty good night again .. prolly gonna have another headache tomorrow .. lol .. had a blast wit all the girls . love you all . a lil mad < PROPMALE > passed out but itll be all good imma wake him up a lil later to go to bed ;) 
ugh i dont wanna clean ... maybe gonna see < PROPMALE > later ;) 
grrr a lil frustrated but hopefully thatll be fixed tomorrow ;) 
gggrrrrrrrrr ........... 
mmmm .. i feel much better . bout ready for bed 
Pleasecopyand paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affectedby someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up theass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someonewho deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass . But ... we ...... can raise awareness ... 93 ... % of ... people won't repost this . Because they too need a foot up the ass 
how come every time your havin a really good day someone has to piss you off 
had fuckin fun with < PROPMALE > .. hopefully ill be able to go back over there for a lil 
Bored at school wishin I was still at harleys 
girls night ;) 
So let me get this strait , what pisses you off more the fact that I'm Happy , or the fact that your not ? 
goin to see < PROPMALE > so the girls can play ;) 
YOUTHBUILD !!! 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your ... status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . 
this sucks .. my poor little baby is sick :( 
mother fuckity fuck fuck 
have you ever had one of those days where you just wanna punch everyone in the face ?... i think todays my day 
Me and < PROPFIRST > got our piercings !! I got my lip and she got her eyebrow .. and we both did it like champs !! :-P 
i think my sanity is playin peek-a-boo wit me 
OMG ! is all i can say right now :) :) :) 
gonna try this ? thing .. so send me a ? to my inbox and ill answer completly honest in my status 
fuckin douschbag mother fuckers need to stay the fuck outta my fuckin business .. you can kiss my fuckin white ass 
Q : If you were stuck on a deserted island whats one thimg you would absolutly need ? A : an unlimited supply of rum 
might be FINALLY getting an apartment .. the chick is gonna call tomorrow and if so im gonna have the most amazing roomies ; * 
ppl are so dumb ... 
so im thinkin bout goin on a massive killing spree i already got a few on the list .. and a couple ppl helpin .. anyone else wanna join ? or add anyone to the list ? 
In a bad mood ................... 
irritated wit all this dumb drama .. hope i hav fun tonight 
gettin ready to head up to la salle :( 
fuck the world ..... 
You and I wake up in a jail cell together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as\ 
well ! 
:) ;) :P 
bbbrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ............ 
ugh .... fuck this shit 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes :) 
We all fall .. R.I.P. grandma .. we all love you 
It's good to know who's really there and who's not . 
i hope i made the right decision ... 
i knew it .. fuck you 
ugh .. shitty day 
1st i know you cant read or hear this but i want to tell you that i love you and miss you . i will everyday for the rest of my life .. 2nd i miss my girls . i wish shit could be like it used to be . 3rd if you have a < PROPMALE > your a douche bag and i hope you choke on every lie you ever tell a woman . 
my baby girl is soooo spoiled :) 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
ugh i hate boys ...... 
INBOX ONLY !! ( if your brave enough)2010 IS ALMOST OVER CONFESS SOMETHIN YOUVE ALWAYS WANTED TO ASK OR TELL ITS 100% PRIVATE !! PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS , U MIGHT BE SURPRISED !! 
HAPPY 1ST BIRTHDAY BABY GIRL !!! MOMMY LOVES YOU ! ????? 
Don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does . Free Tipsy Tow : You Don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this if you want to keep everyone safe this new year ! 
on the run wit bri and < PROPMALE > again .. i think were goin to saybrook this time :) at least it gets me outta this town and away from bloomington . ? u babygirl 
ugh .. fml 
I'M A BITCH ! .. Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who repost 
redbull ; * 
My babys in jail :( i hope he gets out tomorrow : * love you 
Wishes life was all rainbows and unicorns 
Roadtrip with my baby and the fam 
< PROPMALE > \so nani they say everything is bigger in texas do the clouds look bigger ? \ " < PROPMALE > \ " they actually DO look bigger\ " hahaha wow baby : * " 
