Pierce starts tomorrow again ... back to the real world , this sucks . 

Class of 2010 :D 
school tomorrow ... crazy how summer goes by so fast . 
Nicks first day of middle school ! he was so nervous .. 
Today kinda sucked for me .. someone put me in a bad mood . 
car got broken into , grandma's birthday today & cant even go to the cemetary to see her - seriously this week really does suck so far . 
waking up at 5:30 is catching up w/ me ... i'm reallly tired .. 
saw paranormal activity this weekend .. it was pretty freaky , but i didnt get as scared as i thought .... unlike paig who clawed my arm ;) lol . 
Decided on which college I realllly wanna go to now - Western State ! 
heading off to bed to relax .. text me (: 2533073554 
trying to decide on which baby picture to choose .. its between one of just me , or one of me & my grandma ... leaning towards the one of me & my grandma (: 
ended up choosing the one w/ my thumbs up for yearbook - i'll put my grandma in my will in the yearbook definately though . 
only one more day left of the quarter ... so excited . 
one more day left in the quarter ... so excited . 
got a B- on my research paper from pierce .... Hell yeah ! i'm so excited right now , worked hard on it - my teacher was really tough . 
HAPPY NEW YEARS BITCHES !! :) 
He got me a < PROPMALE > bear , so I can hug it and sleep w/ it & think of him (: 
Hopefully today is a better day , cause yesterday sucked .. 
So tired today , excited for swimming class tomorrow - loooove swimming :) 
Have my winter formal dress , definately will get in w/ this one . Going 2 for 2 this year on getting into dances .. oh yeah :) 
Cant believe its been 4 years today .. miss you so much grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
found my prom dress !!! :) i feel like a < PROPFEMALE > in it . 
Midnight blue ... red ... coral ... or purple ... cant decided :( 
i chose ... red ! :) red looks good on me i've been told , i already had worn a midnight blue and < PROPFEMALE > colo dress in previous dances .. 
legs so sore .. lunging with 90 lbs on your back is not fun 
okay worked on upper body today .. Ms. Holt definately does not play in Aerobics . 
just got off work .. hangin at < PROPFEMALE>'s .. & i'm irritated .. 
new heels = 4 inches ... soooo unbelievably comfortable though , gotta feel sexy with a pair of black satin heels :) 
today sucked .. seriously hate MT right now , that school can kiss my ass . 
so bored at home .. text me 
so very tired ... dont feel like going back to school . 
really annoyed , in a bad mood .. this weekend sucks . 
eye are burning .. so tired ... 
sooooo my dress needs some alterations .. i am not trying to get kicked out of prom haha .. 
so tired , eyes are burning .. missed pierce today ... woops ! 
work sucked .... 7 days till my 18th birthday ! :) 
Birthday tomorrow !! :) excited :) 
had a great birthday ! thank's everyone ... & happy mothers day :) 
essay is almost finished ... so tired though , i need to learn not to procrastinate ... 
i would do anything for a back massage right now lol .. i should go to the ciropractor .. 
Got a new phone ! :) the droid ... so happy lol I love it 
Kill me ... my polysci class is soooooooo boring . 
Prom was amazing ! Had so much fun ... 
sooo ready for school to be over ... 
Making Brownies on a cold rainy night ... yumm 
1547 words down ... only 953 words to go . And my 2500 word essay will be finished ! Thank God ..... 
School is almost done ... yay ! 
Finished my freaking paper .. 11 pages , 2857 words , & 4 hours later .. Lol 
So you know your tired when you bump into something .. say Sorry and then realize it was a chair . 
Last day of high school .. crazy how fast 4 years really do go by .. 
Good day .. senior breakfast .. ringing of the bell .. applebees .. ping pong and rock band at < PROPFIRST>'s :) 
got internet on my laptop !!! :) oh yea i'm happy now .. 
don't you hate it when you are so tired .. but can't sleep ?? 
so tired ... but i cant seem to fall asleep .. way to many things on my mind . 
cant decide which dress to wear for tomorrow night ... 
i'm officially graduated ... crazy . 
Laying in the daycare room floor .. with blankies everywhere , watching beauty and the beast :) .. gotta love it 
got only like 4 hours of sleep ... so tired . 
i figured out something i am going to start saving my money for ... a new car , I already have the kind of car I want .. 
There is actual sun outside !! 
Good day at sunnyside , followed up with some cold stone ice cream . :) yummy .. 
watching saw 6 or w/e by myself ... i'm freaking scared lol . 
house sitting for the weekend .. making some money :) i'm excited . 
went to pride for a little bit ... now alone house sitting , oh how bored i am ... 
& the count down begins for europe .. 27 days left :) can not wait !!! 
1 yr of tip saving , birthday money , grad money , house sitting = 1,000 $ of spending money for Europe :) ohhh yeahh ... 
Clothes shopping for Europe !! :) 
A little tip to clothing stores ; please start making shirts that have enough room for boobs bigger than maybe size A or B ... thank's . 
upset that i have to miss 4th of july weekend w/ my family ... this really sucks , i'm irritated . No fireworks for me this year :( 
wow ... being home alone all weekend sucks ass . 
Off to see some fireworks with the best friend . :) . I'm excited . 
had a good night - bonfire , s'mores , fireworks .. :) 
Awkward moment ... got hit on by a old creepy man at work . 
gonna hopefully get a couple tattoo artists to draw up my tattoo this week .. i'm excited :) \ 
all for my grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
Getting ready for my date with < PROPMALE > :) haha .. taking him and < PROPFEMALE > to the movies and for some ice cream .. 
18 days till I leave fo Europe !! :) 
baskin robbins = crazzzyyyy busy thhis week 
Like my status and I'll tell you what I like , dislike , first impression , and a confession about you 
at home alone , bored ... need something to do . 
need some help ... where should i get my tattoo guys ? \ 
its gonna be of my grandma's locket w/ her name underneath it .. 
I reallllllly wanna go check out central soon .. i'm thinking thats gonna be my future college that im gonna go to in fall 2011 :) 
blended white chocolate mocha w/ yogurt from espresso for you = a good start to my day . 
13 days ! :) 
i want the 26th to come faster !! 
spent to much money on shopping ... but found cute clothes .. and < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday present :) 
one more week !!! and i'm off for Europe :) :) :) :) 
I feel like going into Seattle to go shopping for some reason . 
Zoo , and drive in movie yesterday was fun :) wanna do it again soon .. 
So tired ... didnt sleep much last night ; heading to work .. 
4 more days , and i'm out of the country :) 
2 more days ... getting kinda nervous . Making a list of ppl im gonna buy little presents for .. 
Dkdgvxsdvvnjt 
2 days !! :) 
Wrote a if you really knew me , but dont know if i should post it . 
Finished packing almost .. 
i can't believe i'm leaving tomorrow ... i could barely stay asleep this morning , probably wont sleep tonight .. 
all little things are almost done ... getting ready to leave in less than a hour .. :) 
On my way to the airport . :) 
On the plane . Taking off any moment . :) 
In london .. coming home wednesday :( gonna miss europe . 
Finally home ... 11 hours later on airplanes .. so much fun ! Can't wait to go back some day . 
jet legged ... not used to our time . right now its night time in europe .. 
annoyed that i have to spend the next 5 days alone at my house while my family goes camping .. 
payed for my classes ! now all i need is to get my books and im set . 
definatey getting my tattoo before i start school again in september .. i want it done so i can show my grandma's locket off :) 
Home alone = sucks asssssss !! 
Standing waiting and getting my oil changed in my car , got asked by a creepy guy if I was a Hooker ... What the fuck 
finally getting to go < PROPFEMALE > w/ the girls at leavenworth today !! soooooo excited . 
Back home ! Now rest before I have to work 
Need to figure out where to go get my tattoo ... any suggestions ?? 
Just registered for my West-B test for teaching ! :) excited .. 
Will i become a Eastern Eagle ... or a Central Wildcat ?? ... idk where i'll end up , gotta go look at them , after september :) 
Thinking about living in the dorms for one quarter , then getting a apartment when I go to college .. 
Just cleaned my room ... feels nice to have a clean room for once haha 
finally canceled my myspace haha .. had pictures from like freshman yr on there still .. 
Just trust yourself , then you will know how to live 
Gonna make my tattoo appointment soon .. have exactly what i want & i dont want to wait that much longer to get it done . 
Going to Spokane for the weekend , checking out eastern :) 
Almost to Spokane !! 
Love Eastern , campus is pretty . Really nice school , very big possibility I will choose this school (: 
Leaving Spokane tomorrow , & gonna go see central university :) can't wait ... but eastern is gonna be hard to beat .. 
Central is gorgeous ... I'm torn :( 
< PROPMALE>'s first day of 7th grade , he's growing up so fast 
Scrapbooking some of my Europe trip .. this is a time when I desperately need Paig's help lol .. 
I need help .. central or eastern .... someone help me choose ?!? 
I've decided what college Im going to be applying for .. its got everything I want , I just hope the school will accept me .. 
Almost a year later & I'm finally getting my shit back that got stolen out of my car ... 
Why do guys think it is okay to comment on my boobs like they have a right ?? I would really like to know the answer to that question ... 
I saw you pass away . Although I love you dearly , I couldnt make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , HE ONLY TAKES THE BEST ? Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven you miss every day ... ( grandma < PROPFEMALE > ) 
The fair time is starting again , always makes me think about grandma even more ... I miss her so much . 
Happy birthday grandma 
In desperate need for scholarships when I go to Eastern next year ... 
going to california in october for a little bit !! excited .. 
Letters to < PROPFEMALE > has to be one of the cutest movies I've seen in a long time .... I love it . 
Working at the fair right now .. & I really wanna go ride some rides .... 
In my last class of the day ... already have hw for sociology class . 
Eyes are so tired , can barely keep them open ... 
Said goodbye to < PROPFIRST > today .. im gonna miss him & all of our talks we had :( 
I hate it when someone bumps into you and yet they look at you with a nasty ugly face like its your fault they ran into you ... 
Its wierd how you get over something that happened , and then someone from that time trys to apologize & even though its been 2 years , he thinks just a simple sorry will make it all better .. 
WOW ... 
Making a white chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sauce ... yummy (: 
Watching baby < PROPMALE > dance to the radio ... made my day , he's sooooo cute (: 
Made 110$ today ... oh yeahh :) 
14 !!!! 
going to the mall today ... i think . 
Got cuuute shirts at forever 21 , LOVE that store . 
JACKED FROM ROBYNN . \ 
Like my status & I'll tell you :\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
... 4 . The animal you remind me of ....... \ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . What's on my shirt now . 
Its seriously extremely creepy at work right now . 
This weekend going to Eastern ... next weekend going to California :) :) :) 
There is a freaking deer running around my schools parking lot . 
Eastern Washington Today !! :) 
Finally home ! Had a good time , got a Eastern sweat outfit (: 
Haha the daycare kids said i looked like < PROPFIRST > The little mermaid ... they crack me up . 
2 more days !! :) can't wait . 
Theres a stupid coyote that is howling causing me not to be able to sleep ...... 
PLAY ALONG : if you saw me in tha police car , what would you think i got arrested for ? Post this as your status & see how many crimes u get accused of 
California today !! 
In sacramento !! 
California was awesome ... he wants me to come down for spring break too :) :) :) 
I hate being sick ... my back hurts so bad I don't know what to do :( . 
Someone come visit me at work ... I'm dieing of boredom ! 
So close to getting the car !! Im excited , its perfect :) 
i am happy to announce , that i am going to get to retire the hoopty this weekend .. Mom just told me we'll probably get my car this weekend .. so excited :) . This car actually has a cd player in it . 
5 more days (: 
Making a new cd for my new car ... any idea's of some songs ? 
Finished the west b test , wasn't to bad ... 3:30 picking up my car !!!! Super excited 
Winter Schedule :\ 
\ 
8- 8:50 ASL&121\ 
9- 9:50 CMST&220 \ 
Online ASTR100\ 
Super excited for my sign language class ... astronomy and speech .. not so much 
He might come home for Thanksgiving , so excited (: 
Wow its snowing like this , & there is a girl wearing a < PROPFIRST > skirt . What a retard . 
Drinking coffee and playing video games with the little brother , good start of the morning . (: 
Soooo bored , someone hit me up . Feel like talkin to someone . 
Getting to < PROPFEMALE > out with chip .. excited , I missed him :) 
Wish the end of December would come quicker . 
Law & Order SVU marathon .. oh yeahh :) 
Just had the best sushi ever .. yummmm 
Writing my little essays for Easterns application ... its so hard to narrow it down to 100 words or less ...... 
Just finished my last exam of the quarter for SOC101 . 
Need a christmas present idea for a guy .... i have no clue what to get him . 
One more essay and my EWU application is all done ! I hope i get in ... 
Last day of sociology class ... got a B+ in the class (: 
Done with my application ! 
About to take my last final Of the quarter , & it is going to be by far the hardest ... 
Got a 83% on my chemistry final , got a 3.5 out of the class all together ! 
Someone come visit me at work .... I'm so bored ): no one wants ice cream on a rainy night . 
need my essays to be looked at for EWU's application before i can send it .... 
sent my EWU application ! (: 
So bored .... feel like talkin to someone .. 
So my teacher told me I got a 3.5 in the class ... i check my grades online & she gave me a 3.0 wtf ?? 
Had so much fun at the Christmas Party last night ! (: 
EWU finally recieved my transcripts ... now the waiting game ... 
Viagra , pornography , & hoes ... those are the topics the Roeser family talks about on Christmas day haha 
proud owner of a brand new < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > flower ring ... i have the best dad in the world (: 
Dear EWU ... please send me a answer soon , this waiting game is getting difficult . Thank-you . 
Love my christmas present from Paig ... gonna fill that book up w/ all my favorite quotes (: 
FINALLY GOT A ANSWER !! Officially a Eastern Eagle :) :) :) :) 
I love Paig Horton . 
Its bad when I pull up to my favorite coffee shop and they dont even open the window to ask what I want , they just hand me my usual ... haha (: 
I wanna study abroad sooooooo bad ... 
Studying , studying , and more studying is on the agenda for me today .. 
got over half of my music101 test review down ! 
i'm a aries now .. wtf ? Im not like a aries at all , I'm definately a Taurus . 
School ends at 12 then straight to work for me until 5 ... I'm so tired , I wanna nap & a coffee . 
Okayy I'd like to know who thought it was cute to fart in the class ... not cool 
5 yrs today ... 
At the dentists office .... yay me .. 
Getting wisdom tooth taken out on Monday , I'm nervous . 
Not in a good mood . 
On my way to Seattle with < PROPFEMALE > !! Excited . 
Hookah bar ! 
on way to dentist .... yay 
It took him like Maybe 10 minutes to take my tooth out ... & Yes I took the tooth home with me Haha 
I dont feel very well 
Feeling sick ... 
New topic for informative speech : Bullying . 
Just got done with my speech about bullying .... its AWESOME , if i do say so myself . 
Wish March 17th would come faster .. 
Hate the fact that the class I need to get into the teaching program is only available at 12 ... ugghhhhh 
Okay , here are 2 schedules im trying to decide between for next quarter ... \ 
ASL122 8- 8:50 \ 
PHIL&106 9- 9:50 \ 
JOURN&210 10- 10:50 \ 
or\ 
SOC&212 11- 11:50 
Got my first little box of < PROPFIRST>'s chocolate from my little cousin (: 
come to Baskin Robbins , I'm bored ! 
I had a dream about my future class when I'm a teacher ... makes me even more excited about starting EWU (: 
Even though I cant be with my bf on valentines day , the daycare kids definately know how to put a smile on my face ... their little valentines for me are so cute (: 
found a little tattoo I am going to be getting hopefuly soon (: . 
Flaming Dragon tattoo is where Im gonna go to get my tattoo done , anyone been there before ? 
Im going into the tattoo shop tomorrow to set up a appointment . I need someone to come with me lol .. 
Stupid dentist appointment , ruined my plans to go to the Tattoo shop . 
At Aztecas (: 
For some reason , some of my contacts have been deleted . Text me your number . 
had a terrible work night ... thank god i dont have school tomorrow . 
3 more weeks till Cali ! 
New outfit for my Old Navy meeting today ... wish me luck (: 
My phone is so stupid , its texting the wrong people and keeps changing the date by its self .. 
Can't sleep .. 
No school ! 
No school tomorrow again .. im excited .. (: 
Elementary School teacher , or social worker ... 
West- B Math test from 8:30 - 10:30 tomorrow , work 10:45 - 5:00 , then off to dog sit for the rest of the night ... busy busy saturday ! 
I do not want to go to the deaf event alone , im gonna be nervous . 
Wants California to come faster .. 2 1/2 weeks left . 
Birthday dinner for my mom ! Yummm < PROPMALE>'s (: 
California come faster please . 
I love paig ! 
Finished my final speech for public speaking (: 
Practiced my speech for tomorrow ... exactly 4 minutes long !! ohhhh yeahh 
I love falling asleep to the sound of rain outside .. 
5 more days till i leave to go see him (: So excited .. 
2 more days .. 
Leaving tomorrow !! So excited , I miss him (: 
Girls wear panties ... boys wear underwear . Oh the funny things daycare kids say . 
At airport ! (: 
Finally landed . . 
Running errands with the boyfriend ... sooo rainy in Sacramento right now . 
I officially passed all of my west-b test !! 
Just got back from dinner with the boyfriend (: 
Is it bad that I'm tearing up sitting in the airport getting ready to leave ? I'm going to miss him so much ... 
I want everyone to know ... NEVER fly Alaska airlines ... I Have now been sitting in the airport waiting for my flight for close to 5 hrs . 
Woke up today half thinking that I was gonna still be with my boyfriend lol ... cant wait till may when he comes down for my birthday (: 
