I hate Facebook and I don't have much time right now to upload more pictures , or update my profile and whatnot . I'll get to that when I can . More important stuff to do right now . 

You know what I realized three days after I opened my new Facebook account ? This site sucks more than Myspace , and I won't even talk about how bad Myspace was . This site does has some use to me , so I can keep in contact with friends from Decatur but other than that , this damn site sucks . 
People are selfish and disgusting jerks , too concerned with their own problems to lend a helping hand to the people who actually need it . Anyone else agree ? Or am I just crazy ... 
You can run from your past but you can't hide from it . 
I've actually been married since April 16th , 2010 . Sorry to not let anyone know until now . 
Wow , the insanity workout is hard . =p Day two , 58 more to go . I'm already well toned since I've been working out for about six months now but insanity is nothing like I expected . 
Has anyone else attempted and/or completed the insanity workout program ? If so , give me some advice . 
I need people who have no bias in their thoughts of me ( or even if you are bias about me in some form or another =p ) too look at my insanity workout progress pictures and tell me what you think as of now . ( only uploaded arms as of now ) 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you .. 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . What shirt I'm wearing 9 . Challenge you to post this 
Life . That's what is on my mind . So bored ... 
Tired of not being able to sleep . =/ 
Gonna be spending thanksgiving and the next few days with my girlfriend and her family . yay ! =D 
This great evil . Where does it come from ? How'd it steal into the world ? What seed , what root did it grow from ? Who's doin ' this ? Who's killin ' us ? Robbing us of life and light . Mockin ' us with the ? sight of what we might've known . Does our ruin benefit the earth ? Does it help the grass to grow , the sun to shine ? Is this darkness in you , too ? Have you passed to this night ? 
When I was in Decatur I called my house phone from my own house , someone picked up and I asked who it was , they said < PROPFIRST > . This really happened . Did I call the future ?! O.o 
Awesome ! I get my first field training April 15th-18th . Army National Guard ! 
Always ready , always there . 
