is starting the new year with ho where to go but up ! ( At least jobwise . ) Thank the Gods for my friends ! Y'all are the best !!!! 

analyzes : Dagen's job is to show once how hard he can hit ... then he never has to do it again ... usually because the target is on the ground barely alive if he's lucky . 
Had someone remind him that his initials aren't ERK today . * Shakes head * 
is in Waynesboro VA this week 
..... Seriously ... Can I have a Sane week of travel ? 
@ Exton , < PROPFEMALE > 
Disney bought < PROPFEMALE > ..... Why does this hurt my soul ? 
thinks that having 19 children is insane . Especially in this day and age . 
Doesn't understand why getting a License File can be like pulling teeth without novacaine 
is like : \You want to put what where because I have a Kidney Stone ? \"" 
So I apparently summoned a damned frost dragon in Castle Age .... Great .... Fantastic .... KILL IT DEAD ! 
Has been told that more than likely I passed the kidney stone without noticing it . 
Can heal in his DPS gear and not notice until he sees himself still dropping totem of Wrath .... 
is ready for a vacation , even though it is going to be painful , and not really register as one . 
Is putting in a request to all deities to resolve this cold weather crap . 
Teeth Extracted .... Semi-AFK ... will be around all week , text or leave message . 
hates \Windows minutes\ " where 19 minutes can literally become 2 hours ... and 2 hours can become 5 minutes all in the same day . " 
So ... Who is inviting my to Halloween parties ? For the Pirates need places to pillage ! 
Is still looking for a Halloween Event to go to . 
IS satisfied but antsy about the rest of the install . Hopefully I won't have to travel back next week ! 
-- Is it bad that I miss people because I'm travelling ? 
-- Last Call -- Halloween Parties or Plans that can facilitate me dragging other friend along ? Suggestions requested . 
1/7/2010 -- Lady Gaga Concert in St. < PROPFIRST > .... I can haz ? 
-- Last Call -- Halloween Parties or Plans that can facilitate me dragging other friend along ? Suggestions requested . 
Is still waiting on Things to get done so he can finish his project . 
Kill my Hydra !!! 
Can't get my Hydra to post this morning .... 
Is happy he doesn't have to travel next week after all ! 
hates the cold . 
is on more Meds .... 
: My answer is still ... \Gravity \"" 
Is having more Owen-Style Issues 
is playing Mass Effect 2 ! 
Man vs Food makes me hungry .... Why is that ? 
New RP Focus : Scion : Hero . ( still LARPing and such though ) 
has a new understanding of what it means to have a Fulfilling game experience from this weekend . 
Hosted a Lovely Tea Party . 
I <3 some warm weathers . 
What is it ? National Come Out week ? < PROPFIRST > Hays , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and now ... < PROPFIRST > Radcliffe ? Can I get Tobey McGuire , Vin Diesel , and < PROPFIRST > Evans on this list too ? Any others I'm missing ? 
Is Sleepy and likely off to bed soon . 
Headaches piss me off . 
Finally , my character < PROPFIRST > has come to life ! ugh ... 4 months of effort , and just in time really too . 
When someone says \Color me silly . \ " What color do you think they should be ? " 
Is ready for nappy time again 
is prepared to jump into the volcano . 
Is feeling the love ! 
Had an amazing Birthday , and is truly blessed to have so many great friends in his life . 
I realized today that it's not really my size that gives my a complex , it's the fact that I'm really well muscled from the waist down that keeps me from fitting in the waist size I should be able to . And because of that muscle , that I clock the scale a lot harder than I want . So .. I still intend to do better ... to work on that which I wish , however , I am actually pretty okay with being me . 
Why i it ... somedays you can wake up 3-5 hours early all happy and refreshed ... and other days you could sleep all day ? I mean really ... what is the point of waking up at 7 AM when you aren't going to need to get outta bed until 11 . ( and no ... I wasn't woke up by the storm ... or a phone call . I just ... Woke up . 
I can has Job now ? 
Woo , got a call from a bank for a job ! They sent me a skills assessment test to take online , Math and Reasoning with a bit of Vocab . everything I think I'm good at . \ 
\ 
In other news , Did anyone see Late Night Liars on GSN ? I thought it was hillarious , and I learned something . You have to be deceased to appear on a postage stamp . I was not aware of this ! 
Happy day for me . Got called for an Interview Wednesday ! 
Two interviews complete . Both really good . Now ... we wait . 
So today I decided , I'd REALLY like to win it big in the Lottery . You know . Just so I could do amazing things for my friends , family , and the community out here . 
97% of teens ( and middle aged women ) would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Pattison ( < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight ) standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \DO A FLIP YOU SPARKLY BITCH ...! \ " then copy and paste this as your status . " 
If you know an awesome DesMoines < PROPFEMALE > , and think they need a hug , you should post this to your facebook status . 
wanting next week's True Blood 
The weather outside is kinda scary today .... Thinking I will tank the bed until I get a phone call I have to deal with . 
GLaRE Photos -- Who has them ? 
Yay ! Background Check for job , which means things might get a whole lot better a while lot sooner . 
Has heard from two of his references that things sound good for his potential job and is hoping to hear from them tomorrow . 
Job -- I gets it ! Start date Aug 16th @ 8 am ! Wish it was earlier but all paperworks couldn't get put through faster . But Job = Job . Erk = Happy . 
Job -- I gets it ! Start date Aug 2nd @ 8 am ! Job = Job . Erk = Happy . Erk actually thinks that he's going to like his job . 
Is awake early and preparing for his first day .... Oh I wish I could go back to sleep for the other hour and a half that I would be able to have ... 
So ... the first day was a success . The head of HR seemed to be impressed with some of my test scores . I'm literally the only guy that isn't a supervisor on the team . everyone seems really nice . 
\ ... and now for the weather .. Tiffany ? \"" 
\Blah Blah Vampire Emergency Blah\ " ( God I love < PROPFEMALE >!)" 
Two more episodes ... Then ... We have to wait for more ... again .... 
Seriously ... what is with my headaches lately ? 
And tonight ... it's my back that is killing me ... Good night angsty world ... may I wake up without a knot on the right side of my spine 
Spider bite , FTL . At least I took care of it before it got gross ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a stupidity sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise ... awareness . 93% won't Copy and Paste this because they don't know how to Copy and Paste . 
So , just so I can spread what I heard in the news ... They want to bring back Punked ... a Prank TV show . However instead of < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher as the host ... they want it to be < PROPFIRST > Beiber ( However their last names are spelled . You get the point . ) It's been being talked about on the radio all morning . UGH . 
My eye has been twitching for a week now ... am I like ... having a heart attack and not noticing ? Reminds me of the cartoon character right before they explode 
From 285 to 267 .... That's almost 20 pounds in two months .... 
Went to work early , to find out the interwebz were down . 
So ... Today was fail . -- I'm going to bed . 
Why is it I can charge my phone for a half hour , and get from 0 to 50 percent .... and when I am at 20% it takes an hour to get to 50 ? 
Am I really the only on that sorts my M&Ms ? 
Today's M&M bag - 1 Orange , 3 Red , 4 Yellow , 5 Green , 6 Blue , & 7 Brown . 
Today marks the beginning of my tripled workload due to Black Friday . * sigh * This week is going to suck . * Sniffle * 
So ... I kinda got a second job . Not much in hours , but could turn out to be . 
316 -- What can I say . I've always been impressed by you . You've had some heavy burdens on those stocky shoulders , but you always stood up straight . I wish we could < PROPFEMALE > out more often . Time , and schedules never seem to align correctly . But when it does we'll definitely get to have fun again . 
359 - I knew you were trouble from the first time I met you ... You ... You have SPUNK ... probably enough for four people . And I love that . I can't believe how time has passed , never imagined you'd be where you are today . But I think it was good for you :P . 
43110 -- What is there to say ? I mean you've seen me through a lot more than most people would ever know . One of the few people that remember The Incident .... * sighs happily * I miss you Sugar ! 
And now ... For the Sleep ! 
So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the ......... institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL !! 
- So my hard drive died this weekend . I have bought a new one , but that only vaguely makes me feel better . 
Dear Facebook . although I get the idea of having this new Authenticaion Capability ... I just helped a friend log in ... it's hard to tell who someone is from a damned picture a three of his guns ! 
So , I am officially sick . My body has been demanding twice as much food and starting to want it within 30 minutes of waking . 
I am a Data-Monkey .... give me a banana ! Or something ... 
Oh ... I learned something .... Egypt apparently has their own pope . I'm gonna have to find the news . article again to see what he was doing . 
Seriously ... this cold can go straight to .... anywhere but with me . 
7 cops cars on the way to and from Best Buy ... Me thinks today is a day to run and hide .... 
