had a great night and watched a great movie . 

Is very bored ........... 
is bored ...... and alone 
ya ! got stood up !............. my life sucks 
i wish i could fall in love ...... oh ya ive been drinking 
Watching 21 Jump Street and lovin it . 
is at home .... alone ....... again 
i hate being just the friend ......... but if i became a jerk that could change , women like jerks apparently . At least thats what the books and internet and TV shows say . 
at home ......... need life ......... and love ........... any takers ? 
Hates not being able to tell the woman that has stolen his heart how he feels . 
drunk and alone .......... playing WOW . 
very bored 
why do the shadows say such nasty things ? he he he he he 
Halloween in a week !!!! time for the shadows to come out and play ! i love this holiday . 
is drunk but roomate is happy and a good night it is ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > doesn't comment on people status huh ? Well im going to change that ..... by tell all of her dirty little work secrets right here until she does ......... like how she burps at work ALOT !!! Were talking state championship style burping .... scary ......... he he he 
So Marrisa didn't comment on my last post ... hmmmmm . Well then I guess I need to tell more . Like how she eats ... always crunching away on vegies .... crunching , crunching , crunching ..... WHATS WITH THE CRUNCHING ! 
Ok ... fine Marrisa still won't comment . Well then , if making fun of her won't work then im going to have to go after < PROPFIRST > . Yes < PROPFIRST > ...... mister im so skinny that I can fit through doors , and likes to wear pants , and always has a 5 o'clock shadow . Oh ya and he smells like lilacs ..... QUIT USING MARRISA'S SOAP !!!!!! 
I wonder when my work will have a pants optional day ? 
bored ...... drunk ....... and wish there was a girl out there that liked a geeky viking 
NEED CASH !!!!!! guess ill be a stripper again ............ he he he 
Must find a place to put all the bodies ............ 
Would it be weird to date a ghost ? 
I find nothing more depressing than optimism . 
If you strip away all the fluff of snow white ...... its really about a date rape apple . 
Blood is thicker than water , and much tastier . 
I'm as happy as the Devil is on any given Sunday . 
My life is so boring I memorize the words to porno movies . 
everyone wants to make people laugh ........ I just want to hear them scream .......... 
Nothing beats a haunted moonlit night 
Real love is excepting each other for the disfunctional psychos you really are . 
software is like sex ..... its better when its free . 
A woman called me an idiot today ..... so I thought to myself what would jesus do ?....... So I bought her some bread and told her to eat me ! 
women ....... the beauty is in the < PROPFEMALE > not the stone . 
Keep talking . I always yawn when I'm interested . 
drunk ... thinking about my life ......... it sucks 
Should I Smile Because You're My Friend Or Cry Because \ 
Thats All We'll Ever Be ? 
The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love \ 
is having to wake up . 
When a woman says \im not looking for a relationship\ " what she really means is \ " im not looking for a relationship with you \"." 
I am changing by name to Gunther Hansenfrance < PROPMALE > Huffenfluffer !!!!!!! 
My co-workers are creepy ................ but not crawly 
I really really do hate my life . 
time for bed .... hope i dont wake up . 
What is it about life , that makes you not want to live it ? 
The most merciful thing in the world , I think , \ 
is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its\ 
contents . 
http://do-while.com/outstanding-sculptures-mark-newman/ 
Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable 
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment , Pain of love lasts a lifetime 
When I see you smile and know that its not for me , that's when I miss \ 
you the most 
Only love will make your cold heart melt 
That is not dead which can eternal lie , and with strange aeons even \ 
death may die 
Hail Gods Of War !!!!! 
My co-workers are creepy ....... one road a horse to work . 
There will always be death and \ 
taxes ; however , death doesn't get worse every year . 
I wish some of my coworkers would wear clothes to work ...... creepy 
Love looks not with the eyes , but with the mind , \ 
And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind . 
Do I love you because you're beautiful , \ 
Or are you beautiful because I love you ? 
\I would give up everything for one moment with you ; for one moment is better than a lifetime of not knowing you \"" 
comment if you think i will ever get a date ....... 
Jesus = Zombie Wizard who also ? knows Kung Fu 
Why does Snoop Dogg < PROPFEMALE > an umbrella ? ...................... Fo’ drizzle 
So ... I have been told that I am a big flirt .... So I would like to find out if I really am . If I have flirted with you or you have proof that I am please let me know . I am curious and must know . 
bored of life .......... need something new in it . 
I’m tired of people saying that they’re sure I’ll meet someone who’s wonderful and smart and more beautiful than all of the girls I’ve dated before . And then , they promise , I’ll be so happy that nothing else will matter . 
really ....... is there anything better than ass and gravy ? 
PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
MY NAME IS CHOCOLATE THUNDER !!!!!! and my sidekick VANILLA LATTE ! 
If your boss is joking around at work ( in a garden center ) saying \I’m \ 
if your mother joins a dating website , do not log in to check that she \ 
is safe from unsavory men . Because she will be meeting men for casual \ 
sex ! You cannot unread those words ! 
When you talk about a natural redhead girl you know and say that she has a nice firebush , NO ONE will EVER believe that you are talking about the plant in her courtyard . 
Ok its official ..... Im lonely and im getting old . Its time to < PROPFEMALE > OPERATION GIRLFRIEND . I need opratives on the ground and data coming in on possible targets with plans of attack . LETS GO PEOPLE !!!!!!!! 
When choosing between two evils , I always like to try the one I've never tried before . 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours is not mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
I went to a wedding today , it was a nice ceremony . 
OK . After going to a wedding I have decided ..... that it is time for me to get hitched . Any takers ? 
I AM A SEXY MONKEY !!!!!!!!! 
My co-workers are odd ..... them and their \chicken salad \"" 
In my dreams you're never jealous . In my dreams you just join in . 
I've always felt that the real horror is next door to us , that the \ 
scariest monsters are our neighbors . 
I like my women hot , and my vodka cold . 
On Halloween I saw a little boy in a Batman mask and cape help a little girl up when \ 
her tricycle fell over on the sidewalk . Heroes and Chivalry exist ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only\ 
has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your \ 
status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who \ 
died of or is fighting cancer . This is for you !! 
The only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by Infinity is to \ 
contemplate the extent of human stupidity 
I HATE MEDICAL INSURANCE COMPANIES !!!!!!!! 
ah christmas season .... the only time when all us big guys have to do is put on a < PROPFEMALE > hat to finally get some action ! 
\Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity . \"" 
SCHIZOPHRENIA , In a battle of wits , I dual weld . 
Christmas and an A-Team marathon , does life get any better ? 
great , middle of my vacation and i get the flu . 
Power corrupts . Knowledge is power . Study hard . Be evil . 
what would happen if you poured self-raising flour on an orphan ? 
bright red speedo ..... check\ 
bathtub ................... check\ 
50 gallons of pudding ...... check\ 
making anyone who reads this have nightmares ....... priceless 
guess who just got half of a toe nail sliced off !!!!! 
one week of eating healthy = lost 4.5 pounds ! 
The problem with practical jokes is that sometimes they get elected . 
If vegetarians love animals so much ..... why do they eat all there food ? 
Better never to have met you in my dream than to wake and reach for hands that are not there . 
I wish my life was an anime . 
so .... one month and i've lost 21lbs . 
I wear black because i am in mourning ........ for my sex life .......... gone but not forgotten . 
“I fell asleep reading a dull book and dreamed I kept on reading , so I awoke from sheer boredom . ” 
lost 6.5 lbs this week ..... now just 170lbs more to loose and i might actually get a date . 
my heart and prayers go out to everyone in japan , my adopted homeland ....... whether they like it or not . 
You can't put a price tag on love , but you can on all its accessories . 
It's official .... I am a Sexy Slab of White Chocolate ! OH YA ! 
ANIME OR DEATH !!!!!!!!!!!!!? 
Ill take a mocha vodka Valium latte ....... With foam . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > . What would be the first thing you say to me ? 
hello . I love you , wont you tell me your name ? 
