Om nom , I love quesadillas . Grocery shopping puts nummies in my fridge , then in mine tummy , yaay ! 

If you have sex with a prostitute against her will is it rape , or shoplifting ? 
I have no idea when my next econ exam will be ... Looks like maybe I'll go to class tomorrow , shocker I know . =p 
Sometimes I'm too trusting ... I have all these < PROPFEMALE > marks on my hands and knees now . Well played , < PROPFIRST > . He didn't pick up the hitch-hiker either , I should have known better ... 
OH YES !!! Amazon totally has MC Frontalot music , woot , woot ! 
Yaay !!! What I thought almost surely wasn't my camera charger but looted from my grandma's house anyway is in fact my charger ! I can use my camera again !!! 
It's SUSHI DAY !!!!! Totally gonna nom at Sushi Ya today , I'm hella STOKED !!!!!! Yaay ! 
Nom nom , peanut butter makes my hungries go away =p . Just chillin ' , eating PB from the jar , and don't even tell me that's gross ' cause that's my own personal PB . I feel so at ease , I got my big to-dos for today done , whew . Now it's grocery shopping , then stew makin ' time , oh yeah ! 
Oh hoh , I are super ninja , I just learned a whole song on the pennywhistle , ha chah ! 
Aaagh , I tried to resist , but alas t'was to much ... IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart 
We have bread again ! This weekend hasn't been so relaxing =( , but I am feeling pretty accomplished ... 
Damned terrorists ; it's all their fault I won't be able to wear my favorite perfume all this week . Arrrgh ! =) 
Oh man , I just realized I've been walking around with barbecue sauce on my arm for the last several hours ! 
Om nom , brunch was sooo yummy , french toast with whipped cream and strawberries , cinnamon raisin bread , orange juice and yogurt ; it was super tasty ! 
Hi-ya , done with my Engrish thingamajigger , and now it it potatoes ' o brien makin ' time , yah !! 
Psh , apparently my composter isn't allowed to chill on our patio as per the rules of our complex , only plants and furnitiure . I guess it'll just have to become furniture ... 
I PASSED ECON !!!!!! Wooohoooo !!! Oh YEAH !!! I've been doing the goofy-goofy dance around the apartment for about 20 minutes =D 
I just placed 91st of 9,000 in an online poker tournament . Right now I'm a little peeved , but I guess I can appreciate having made it so far . 
Ahhh , I've finally cleaned my room as planned , and although it's not pristine , it does have a better energy to it now =) . 
Mmmm , I just made a perfect egg , heavenly .... =D 
Hehe , you know what makes statistics homework way less boring ? Playing poker at the same time ! woot ! 
Aaaarrrgh , okay someone Please correct me if I'm wrong , but I'm fairly certain you can't make a frequency distribution which covers all number from 8 to 22 , has a class width of two , and has only seven classes !!! 
Haha , I have solved the magical mysteries of statistics at last , I've only two graphs left to make . HA !! Also , I planted < PROPMALE > and tomatoes today , yaay ! 
Hmm .. one way to combat outrageous population growth in stuggling countries : food for sterilization ? 
Woot , I just got home and not only have I made eight dollars , but dinner and breakfast were both Free thanks to my awewome poker skillage , oh yeeeeahh . 
Woot , the Farmer's Market in Pasco is open for the season !!! =D 
< PROPMALE > has just had his first successful home feeding ! =D 
Tooootally stoked fa my party tomorrow , wooooot !!! 
Guavas are pink inside ! 
Do hearse drivers get to use the carpool < PROPFIRST > ? 
My < PROPFEMALE > just friend requested me ! =D . 
Literature is as a whetstone for the mind . 
We has kittens =) . < PROPMALE > just found the three cutest kitties , all alone , so we have a few extra roommates , at least for the time being =P . 
The bus : playground of the uncompromisingly gregarious . 
I'm pretty sure I just set a new land speed record by making and cleaning up after 3 pieces of French toast in six minutes =D . 
Lol , some guy just set his coffee down to do kung fu on the sidewalk before continuing on his way . Totally made my morning =P . 
Das kikis have names now ; < PROPFEMALE > , Stumpy , and Smoky . 
It occurs to me that , regardless of how close you may be , it's the co-dependent people whose profile pictures typically include the significant other 
< PROPMALE > is always calling the kitties stupid , and after rescuing two of them from the dryer this morning , I'm finding it tougher and tougher to disagree ... 
Eek , how to change my profile pic from my phone ... 
Hmmm ... I'm pretty sure I look homeless right now ... 
Tehe , I just referred to < PROPMALE > as my \partner\ " via phone ; apartment guy probably thinks I'm lesbian =P . " 
