Welcome to 2010 . Please leave last years baggage at the door . Thank You ! :) 

going shopping for clothes :P Worst way to spend a Saturday ? I think so . 
is excited to see her BFF < PROPFEMALE > soon ..... as in like 2morrow if we are lucky ! WOOHOO !!!! 
is psyched to see all her friends :) 
gets to see her BFF < PROPFEMALE > @ 6:30 we are picking her up @ the airport .... I AM SO EXCITED !!!!!!!! :D 
is glad she will be working with animals or outdoors soon and then will be starting STNA classes . She is also working at Chucks this summer and next school year . 
is probably going crazy but she can't make up her mind as to if she is or isn't!!! 
is going to miss marching band a LOT !!!!! 
hopes she can find the nice stray cat near church and the post office again this afternoon so she can take it home . Saw it by church Sunday and at the post office today . It let me pet her and when I sat down she wouldnt leave me alone . Dad said if we can 
is bored out of my mind . facebook is entertaing for about an hour max ... not three . 
is bummed she can't go to Revolution this summer because she has to work . Sometimes growing up really stinks !!!! 
Missed you all at church today 
is bored crazy 
URGENT !!! Help SAVE OUR LIBRARY !!! Gov . Strickland said he is cutting library funding by 50% this will force many public libraries to SHUT DOWN ! Help save ours . Contact your state representatives BEFORE July 1st . 
To save our libraries . In Greene County contact .... HOUSE of REP . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > district70@ohr.state.oh.us < PROPFIRST > Hackett district84@ohr.state.oh.us SENATE < PROPFIRST > Widener SD10@senate.state.oh.us GOVERNOR < PROPMALE > Strickland http://governor.ohio.gov and 
Is saddened by the whole SC governor thing and that OH governor is pushing for education reform whil preparing to cut public library funding by almost 50% . It's all sick . 
Is cleaning her bedroom and bathroom . She is also very glad she is no longer puking up her guts like last night after Chipotle . 
Is bummed she isn't chillin w/ her friends at Scioto Hills this week . Sometimes growing up & becoming responsible just plan stinks . Oh well , I have an interview at the Animal Shelter tomorrow about working there with the dogs . Hopefully it goes well ... $9 
Hopes she gets the job at the animal shelter . She is also glad to have a new 9 year old sister whom she can tease .... jk ! 
Has an interview at the animal shelter today . She also hopes she can go to youth group tonight . 
is pretty sure she will be wasted at the end of next week . 36 hours at the animal shelter and then dinner shift at chucks four nights also . Making money ... yeehah ! 
wishes she could of had a bonfire today . Stupid rain !! 
i am bored and am headed to bed so i can get to work by 8am 
is gald her 54 hour work week is finally over . She is watching Slumdog Millionaire and just relaxing until she is tired enough to go to bed . She also can't wait to spend a whole weekend doing nothing but SLEEPING !!!!!!!!! 1 
Is glad its the weekend 
is hoping she gets her phone back soon . 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow . I am way 2 tired . 
hopes she can talk to a certain friend soon ;) 
Still hopes she can talk to a certain friend soon ;) 
Just bought a cute purse for $5 from a yard sale :) Still hoping a certain friend gets on soon so we can talk ! 
just hoping .... anyone who read my status on Friday knows what I mean .... btw QUIT commenting on Friday's status !!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > BURKE is nothing more than a REALLY GOOD FRIEND !!!! So all you people saying I am just trying to get a date w/ him need 2 shut up ! All I want to do is chat with my FRIEND ! 
\This is the last night you'll spend alone look me in the eyes so I know you know . I'm everything you want me to be . The last night you'll spend alone I'll wrap you n my arms and I won't let go . I'm everywhere you want me to be . The last night away from m " 
is tired and hopes she gets her phone back soon :( 
is kinda bummed :( she hasn't been able to talk to a certain good friend and still doesnt have her phone back :( 
wishes she had someone she could < PROPFEMALE > out with . Life is getting boring . I am stil hoping a certain friend gets on and that I will get my phone back ASAP ! 
is idk . I seriously dk . Life stnx . 
is tired . Just want to relax and do nothing . 
No Facebook for a while .... :( 
Well ... I guess I have facebook if I am on Campus or at the library . 
4 days until ROTIC , 5 days until my first school < PROPMALE > is due , just slightly over 2 weeks until I am offically a college freshman . Life comes at you fast ... maybe I should take my friend Mallori's advice and get a really sweet helmet . 
< PROPFEMALE > muy loca ... no < PROPFEMALE > muy aburrida yo es mucho divertida y intelligente . Does this Make sense or am I stupid at Espanol ? 
está muy loca ... no está muy aburrida . Yo soy muy divertida y inteligente . Gracias , < PROPMALE > ! 
guess I have to go to the doctors after work tomorrow and get my hand checked out . Burnt it using some disinfectant at work . I got a whole new layer of skin but the tips of my fingers still tingle and I guess thats really not good . Bummer . 
can't wait for ROTIC on Friday ! A whole night of fun , games , friends , food , and girl stuff !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is ready for this week 2b over . 
is really tired ........ ROTIC was awesome though . 
is a blank space in time ..... 
is exhausted .. fair 2morrow w/ my job . U all should stop by animal controls booth we will have some adorable animals . Going 2 have a nice hot cup of tea and then funnel cake 2morrow !! 
is uber tired . 
had a good dayat the fair ... won a stuffed rottweiler . Had a dog adopted out 2 a good home while we were there . If you are looking for a pet ... Cats and Dogs ... please stop by the Animal Control shelter on Dayton < PROPFEMALE > Road by the old < PROPFEMALE > Walmart ... we have everything . 
can't believe she starts college in a week . What happened 2 high school , marching band , and summer ? 
is really tired . She hopes last week b4 college starts is great . 
This week is going 2 fast already . Just 5 days until I'm a college freshman . 
Reality just ain't sinkin ' in yet . I AM A COLLEGE FRESHMAN !!! That should do it ................................ Nope , guess not ............. 4 more days . 
College ? HERE I COME !!!! 
may not b going 2 CU . Long story ......... don't ask . 
Is offically a COLLEGE FRESHMAN today !!!!!!!!!!! 
feels way outta place and out of her league walking around campus as a STUDENT !!!!!!!! 
needs all her friends cell < PROPFIRST > !!!! Just got the phone back and lost all your < PROPFIRST > . 
is tired but so ready to start classes tomorrow .... now if only I could find my last 3 books . 
wishes she could go to bed . Instead she is finishing her reading and a quiz for classes 2morrow . 
can't believe how many people are on at 1:45 am !!! Us college kids MUST be CRAZY !!! 
misses MARCHING BAND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is really tired , bummed about her sprained wrist , and heading to bed for a few hours of good sound blessed SLEEP !!!!! 
feels weird being in college ... lot different than the old H . S ...... kinda cool too .... I guess I like being a college kid ( except for the sleep deprivation ) . 
enjoyed chapel these past 2 days . 
hates ringworm , it bites ! 
today is the kind of day where all I want to do is curl up and write poems and be totally and utterly alone with my thoughts . Unfortunately homework and chores prevent this . 
is going to go work on the mower . 
is ..... nevermind . I am going to go curl up to be totally and utterly alone with my thoughts while I write some more poems(maybe ) . But will definitely be alone with my thoughts . 
\DOes anybody hear her ? Does anybody see ? Or does anybody even know shes going down today ? Under the shadow of our steeple w/ all the lost and lonely people searching for the hope thats tucked away in you and me . Does anybody hear ? Does anybody see ?..... If judgement looms under every steeple .. if lofty glances from lofty people can't see past her < PROPFEMALE > letter and we've never even met her ... NEVER EVEN MET HER ! \"" 
\I see a red door and I want it painted black . No colors anymore I want them to turn black . I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes . I have to turn my head until my darkness goes . I see a line of cars and they're all painted black . With flowers and my love both never to come back . I see people turn their heads and quickly look away . Like a new born baby it just happens evry day . \ " -Rolling Stones " 
\All I wanna say is that they don't really care about us\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ " They Don't Care About Us \"" 
in Intermediate Algebra .... math should die !!!! 
going to go get lunch then Transitions ... this DAY should die !!! 
is staying off campus until she can buy some masks ..... CONFIRMED case of Swine Flu .... and to think I'm definitly not taking the best care of myself ... too busy . 
can't wait for the 3 day weekend and some sleep ... oh yeah ... I HAVE 2 WORK 
don't know anymore ............................................... 
idk ............. 
chillin b4 church and wrk . 
lost the handle bars on her bike while going down a hill . Had to crash the bike into a neighbors yard to stop since she had no steering , brakes , or control . :) It scared the bejesus out of me .... going down a hill with my handle bars in my hand instead of attached to the bike !!!! 
is ............ IDK . 
is very thankful for all her amazing , supportive , caring , loving friends . You guys absolutely rock !!!! 
\I walk a lonely road . The only one that I have ever known . Don't know where it goes . But it's home to me and I walk alone . \ " - Green Day \ " Boulevard of Broken Dreams \"" 
is okay , but exhausted . 
is alive and breathing so she must be okay . 
\I walk a lonely road . The only one that I have ever known . Don't know where it goes . But it's home to me and I walk alone . \ " -Green Day \ " Boulevard of Broken Dreams \"" 
\ ... Just came to say goodbye . didn't want you to see me cry . I'm fine . But I know it's a lie ... \ " - Skillet \ " The Last Night \"" 
on this day 8 years ago i was a wimpy little 6th grader taking a spelling test . the principle came in saying our country was being attacked ... no more spelling test after that .. rest of day spent watching the news . it was one of those moments you remember where you were and what you were doing for the rest of your life . 9-11-01 NEVER FORGET . 
throughly enjoyed watching Michigan defeat Notre Dame . 38-34 . Michigan is now 2-0 . Take that , u Michigan dissers ! 
is going to take a nap b4 wrk . 
wishes she didn't have a dumb exam at 8am tomorrow . Biology stinks ! Plus I ; m still awake doing all my other homework . 
does anybody else see that the lines from my nose around my mouth to my < PROPFEMALE > form a heart ? or am i just really weird ? 
is wearing a skirt . Oh the HORROR . The HORROR !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
doesn't have enough hours in a day 2 do all she needs to get done ... like homework , chores , practice ( french horn ) , eat , relax ( a little ) , and SLEEP . I really , REALLY miss SLEEP . 
mowed the grass , figured out the possible cause of the mower's weird sound and inability to start the blades , enjoyed the late afternoon sunshine , soaked up the smell of freshly mown grass , discovered the only time she has been able to relax all week , and is telling her uncle to Take That ! 
wishes there were more hours in the day so she could do homework , relax , mow grass , AND SLEEP . Unfortunately I have 2 pick n choose so I usually don't get much sleep and can like NEVER mow the lawn or do anything else in the yard/woods . 
knows some people may find her views on many controversial issues slightly offensive but it is a free country ( until Obama gets his way at least ) and I will not apologize for my views . I will respectfully listen to your point of view as long as you respect mine . My motto is \to each his own\ " let's keep it that way . " 
is going to try to get some sleep 2nite since that didn't go over 2 well last nite . Hopeing for at least 6.5 hours unlike last nights 3 . 
going 2 go take a CLT exam . Wish me luck ... I need it 
is going to go and out sneak all those who are going sneaking during Mission Impossible tonight . 
is going to sleep until at least 10 . Then she has to wash the floor , mow the lawn , clean the mower , change mowers oil , clean kitchen , help w/dinner , fix her mom and sister's bikes , clean my room and bathrooom , do homework , and hopefully get to bed before 2am . 2morrow is going to SUCK !!! 
doesn't know how much longer she can survive following her current schedule and lifestyle . Sleep is becoming immensly valuble and even more so unavailable . 
wishes she could skip Transitions . Idk ... maybe I will . 
is procrastinating .... bio prelab due @ 3p then lab til 5-ish . Guess I better go finish the prelab .... * sigh * 
is going to go do homework . 
hates biology case studies that are written in hypothetical story form . I also hate CLT assignments that want a 100 word answer to a concept/question that is easily and adequately answered in 25-40 words . I don't have a large enough vocab or a capacity for bs to write 100 words when it is answered in 30 . 
doesn't know how I'm going to finish my CLT assignments by 2pm 2morrow and make my 8am class . I don't think I can stay awake any longer 2night and I don't want to sleep through Bio again . This is going to be interesting ..... I love procrastinating until procrastination beats the snot out of me . 
gettibng ready 2 babysit the sister . Hopefully she will behave during CLT , and wont be too bothersome ..... she is only 9 . Guess I can look over some things . 
doesn't want to be in school today . 
hates algebra 
thinks pandora is retarded ... a limit on songs u can skip ?... thats new 
is tired . As soon as I get home I am going to crash on the couch ..... after I grill the steak for dinner that is . 
can't believe I went a WHOLE DAY without getting on facebook once . A WHOLE DAY OF NO FACEBOOK ! I think I just did the impossible . 
almost accomplished another day w/o Facebook . If i only coulda made it to 12:10 am . Nope didn't happen ... I gave in to soon . Only 1 record for this week . 
wishes she could get away and disappear for a while ... maybe an eternity . How do I always screw everything up ? * SIGH * 
hopes there is a way she can make everything right again . * sigh * Idk though . Its very likely there isn't and that would really suck . 
hopes there is a way she can make everything right again . Its very likely there isn't and that would really suck . * sigh * Life never goes as we plan does it ? Friendship never goes as we plan either . 
is happy she has friends ... and didn't lose one this weekend 
looking through some of my poems and I honestly can't believe I wrote some of them . Since when are my thoughts so deep , dark , and heavy ? I know the ones I wrote after my mom's death would be dark and depressed , but I am throughly surprised by some of the others . 
loves this weather .... chilly but not bitter ... slightly brezzy with a little sun ... PERFECT !! 
klsdfjksdfjaskldfjaklsdfjivxcmvzxkvjiodfjsdklcvm ; zxciljvlzxkvncio . SORRY , I WAS BORED . 
is chillin w/ a good friend while printing off bio notes 
had fun chillin w/ a great friend while enjoying a delicious chocolate cookie dough tornado from Mom & Dad's Dairy . 
wishes she could have many more days like today . There is nothing better than an afternoon spent w/ a good friend . 
\That government is best which governs least . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau Maybe Obama could use a lesson in Literature and politics from Thoreau .... at least Thoreau has the right idea . " 
going to bed ........ NOT ! 
wishes she could have many more days like today . 
is hoping today is as good as yesterday was 
is glad today was as good as yesterday .... actually it was better . Wishin for many many more days like this . 
is hoping today will be like yesterday . 
is hoping today wil be BETTER than yesterday .... if thats possible 
\I can't go to hell . Satan still has a restraining order against me . \"" 
just got AIM . my screenname is smalltownpoet 
\ ... My shadows the only one that walks beside me . My shallow hearts the only thing thats beatin . Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me . Til then I walk alone .... Im walk down the line that divides me somewhere in my mind . On the borderline of the edge and where I walk alone . Read between the lines . Whats f****d up and everythings all right . Check my vital signs to know Im still alive and I walk alone .... \"" 
Wishin she could watch Cedarville kick Greenview's arse tonight . Unfortunately i have a band concert . GO INDIANS !!!! BEAT RAMS !!!!!!!!!! 
is wonderin how many of her friends have AIM . If you do please let me kno . 
chillin until work 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is the most AMAZINGEST person in the whole wide world ..... SERIOUSLY !!!!!! =] 
just painted my nails silver because I can and I was tired of black . 
sittin in bio ..... I am definitely listenin , I'm just keeping my hands busy . 
really doesn't want to be in CLT today . Matter of fact I never wantto be in CLT . 
is thinkin deep thoghts .............. 
is unsure of a lot right now . Thinking deep , semi theological thoughts . 
has given up studying for PACL 
is WAY too HYPER 
feels like crying ....... Uncle < PROPMALE > , we will miss you 
isn't feelin to well . My stomach is actin up and I am pretty sure I have a slight fever but i feel like Im freezin . :( 
is feelin a little better . At least her stomach isn't churnin as much ... whatever hint of fever there was is gone .... now to make it through US History , CLT , Symphonic Band , and some other awesome stuff . 
is tired so I took a break from the paper I was working on . I dind . t think it would be so hard to argue against foriegn adoptions in favor of adopting American kids ...... Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , no offense , your kids are so cute . 
is glad she isn't as sick as she was yesterday .... still don't feel like eating anything and < PROPFEMALE > ale is amazing ... but i want my stomach back !!!! 
is chillaxin b4 an awesome weekend ... so long as it don't rain . 
can't wait for the football game 2nite . I'm def only going b/c my friend wants 2 and I want 2 see the band . I nvr watch the game . GO BAND !!!! 
\I want to ride my bicycle . I want to ride my bike . I want to ride my bicycle . I want to ride my bike . \ " ~ Queen ' Bicycle Race '" 
is nasty ugly broken toe 
is watchin a really cool show on < PROPFEMALE > about Evolution verses Intelligent Design , while icing down my broken toe . 
is going to go immobilize my toe , eat lunch , feed the dogs , and go < PROPFEMALE > wit friends on campus . 
hates her luck . 
needs a ride to urgent care tomorrow 
Church , Urgent Care , ??? WORK ??? 
is tired and praying she will wake up in time for her 8am Bio class . 
i apologize to anyone who gat an akward answer from me on friend faq . My computer is retarded 
listenin to Led Zep while updatin the contents of my mp3 player 
my brain is FRIED !!!!!!!!! At least i am done for the week after the bio exam . 8am is horribly early for an exam 
Can't decide what my fave band or song is ... for a band nerd and music lover that is just plain sad 
is glad it is fall break . unfortunately my 2 best friends went home and i am stuck in cedarville with nothing to do but sleep , clean , eat , clean , facebook , clean , sleep , and clean some more ...... i have way to much stuff for my < PROPFEMALE > room . 
has cleaned half her room in 3 hours . Approx 3.5 hrs left until it is completely clean and organized . 
is bored outta her mind 
is glad her room will be done by mid afternoon tomorrow . All i need to do is put my bookshelf back together , move my desk in , and then finsh sorting and organizin all the other random papers and such . Long day ..... tired so I am goin to bed . Fall Break is startin to look ok even w/o my 2 best friends . 
life sux . no computer ( xcept schl ) . no phone . key lesson ... dont tick off your mom then say it'll b her fault when u dont turn in your paper b/c she took your laptop b/c she will the take your phone away 2 . 
can't wait to get back to classes on monday .... i am bored outta my mind and i really wanna see my friends . 
is ready to see her friends . YEAH for the end of fall break . 
Torn between friends , feelings , and reality . I can keep 2 and lose the other . I wish I could keep all 3 . Friends and reality sound good but so does friends and feelings . Well no matter what I am definitely keeping friends . 
denying certain feelings to keep a great friendship . Such is life . 
doesn't know what to say ..... 
\Just love her like Jesus . < PROPFEMALE > her to him . His yoke is easy . His burden is light . You don't need the answers to all of life's questionsJust know that He loves her and stay by her side . Love her like Jesus . \ " ~ Casting Crowns \ " Love Them Like Jesus \"" 
Life is a journey . A trip we must all make . Along the path many others cross ours . Some make our path better/easier/friendlier , others trip us up/make us stumble/tear us down . We must make the best of our journey . There r many different trails we can follow . I just pray that our paths have crossed for a long while ... I hope we r friends forever . But if not we'll see each other when our paths once more join in heaven . 
Sometimes when I say \I'm fine . \ " I need someone to look me in the eye and say \ " Tell the truth . \"" 
Sometimes when I say \I'm fine . \ " I need someone to look me in the eye and say \ " Tell the truth . \"" 
thinks glue on nails are a great idea but they look funny on me . 
it is amazing what a night of pampering can do to boost your mood and decrease your stress levels . Maybe i should indulge a little more often . 
day 5 w/o caffiene . One week .... I think I can do this . @ days to go . 
gave up after 5 days on no caffiene . I needed coffee , so I got me coffee . Take that and run . 
is tired of tryin 2 understand a class that goes way over her head , but givin up isnt an option 
\I remember when/ We used to laugh/ About nothing at all/ It was better than going mad/ From trying to solve all the problems/ we're going through/ Forget ' em all/ Cause on those nights/ we would stand and never fall/ Together we faced it all ... \ " ~ Skillet ' Those Nights '" 
\We don't need no education . We don't need no thought control . No dark sarcasm in the classroom . Teacher leave them kids alone . Hey ! Teacher ! Leave them kids alone ! All in all it's just another brick in the wall . All in all you're just another brick in the wall . \ " ~ Pink < PROPMALE > ' Another Brick in the Wall-Part 2 '" 
listein 2 country music for some odd reason . What happened to my head ?!?!?!? 
is SHOCKED ! Something is finally gonna CHANGE in Cedarville . Yup that's right . Cedarville will be getting a NEW SCHOOL ! YEAH 4 CHANGE !!! 
WTHeck is wrong with Ohio !?!?!?!? How the heck can people be so STUPID . Yeah , thats right , u heard me .... OHIO U R STUPID !!!!! Legalizing 4 casinos ? WTHeck R U THINKING ?!? Way to RUIN our state people . 
is so thankful for her amazing friends . Friends who drop you a random note of encouragement , who tell it like it is , who stand beside you , who love you for you , who answer your questions , listen to your rants , know your pain , share your smiles , share your tears , share your joys , share your fears . Those are the best kind of friends to have . I am blessed with 2 of the best friends ever . < PROPFEMALE > and Zach .. U ROCK !!!! 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , Zach wins . 
GIVES UP !!! ZACH wins friend wise , < PROPFEMALE > wins argument wise . 
is lost in thought 
is thinking about the important things in life .... God , friends , family , forgiveness , love , grace , faith , and self . 
Forgive ? Yes . I can do that . Forget ? Never . 
~ What is the purpose ? -The purpose of what ? ~ Life , love , joy , pain , happiness , sorrow ..... you know the purpose of purpose ? -Wow , that's deep . ~ I know . Wait , who are you ? Where did you come from ? -I am your alternate personality . You know your 2nd self ? Your split personality ? Yeah , thats me . ~ Great now I'm talking to myself AND crazy . -Yup , you are . ~ Didn't ask you . 
looking through old yearbooks ..... 
\Do not tell me what I can and cannot do when I rock . \ " < ~ Guess That Song " 
is in a random contemplative mood 
is .... gosh idk what 2 put here ..... there is so much i could say but none of it would make sense to anyone else ...... except maybe Cassie ..... or possibly Zach .... wow , what am i thinking ?!?!? 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalalalala ........... BORED .......... 
RANDOMNESS is the BEST \-ness\ " there is !!!!!! " 
can't wait to get home and go 2 sleep ..... stupid CLT 
blazing my own trail , charting my own course , doing my own thing ..... figuring out life's conundrumes little by little .... living to the fullest .. we'll see how it all turns out . 
\You want me to promise you . That everything is true . I won't make promises that I can't keep . I won't make promises that I don't mean ... \ " ~ Def Leppard ' Promises '" 
TWLOHA . Show your support , show your love . 
TWLOHA . You never know who might see your symbol of support and be encouraged .... show your support and write love on her ( or your ) arms today . 
ROCKED the DMC 2nite with the Symphonic Band 
is profoundly lost in deep semi theological thoughts that center on those all so important questions of life and purpose and faith ...... ahhh . how strangly peaceful yet dusconcerting ..... curious and yet completely normal . such is life . 
cannot get the songs \Can Anybody Hear Her\ " and \ " Prodigal\ " by Castng Crowns outta her head . " 
was looking up a journal article , doing a powerpoint , listening to my mp3 , and doing other misc . homework but somehow i ended up on here ...... well I'll be going back to what i was doing now :P 
\All I know is a big ole house with rooms for everyone . All I know is lots a land where we can play and run . All I know is you need love and I've got a family . All I know is your all alone so why not come with me ? \ " ~ Audio Adrenaline ' Big House '" 
\Over the mountains and the sea Your river runs with love for me . And I will open up my heart and let the Healer set me free . I'm happy to be in the truth . And I will daily lift my hands . For I will always sing of when Your love came down . \"" 
I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned . In awe of the one who made it all . I'll stand my soul Lord to You surrendered . All I am is Yours . All I am is Yours . 
\Hungry I come to You/ For I know You satisfy/ I am empty but I know/ Your love does not run dry/ So I wait for You/ So I wait for You/ I'm falling on my knees/ Offering all my needs/ Jesus You're all/ This heart is living for/ Broken I run to You/ For Your arms are open wide/ I am weary but I know Your touch/ Restores my life/ So I wait for You/ So I wait for You . \ " ~ Joy < PROPMALE > ' Hungry '" 
GO BLUE !!!! Beat Buckeyes . Wolverines will dominate . 
is sad her beloved Wolverines lost 21-10 . 
\Jesus take the wheel . Take it from my hands . Cause I can't do this on my own . I'm letting go . Give me one more < PROPMALE > . Save me from this road I'm on . Jesus take the wheel . \ " ~ Carrie Underwood ' Jesus Take the Wheel '" 
in class .... the prof just mentioned facebook and said he is sure no one is on it right now .... well guess who is ! 
\Amazing grace how sweet the sound . Amazing love now flowing down . From hands and feet that were nailed to the tree . Your grace flows down and covers me . \"" 
wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving . 
is thankful her dad is back in the states and can't wait to see him on Sunday night or Monday morning !!! 
spent the whole day shopping with her best friend and her best friend's family . It was GREAT !!!! I love Black Friday deals . 
is PARTY IN THE USA !!!!! With my bff < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is CELEBRATING ... DADDY IS HERE !!!!!!!!!!!! After 109 days in Beijing daddy is now HOME . 
is prayin for the Robbins family today . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . We miss you . 
\Jesus eres mi super heroe . Mi < PROPFEMALE > . Mi mejor amigo . Jesus eres mi super heroe . mi < PROPFEMALE > . mi mejor amigo . Yeah ... Mejor que Spiderman ... Mejor que Superman .... Mejor que Batman .... Mejor que CUALQUIERA ! Jesus es mi super heroe . Mi < PROPFEMALE > . Mi mejor amigo . \ " ~ Hillsong ' Jesus eres mi Super Heroe '" 
Jesus es mi < PROPMALE > . Tengo la < PROPFEMALE > de . El es mi amigo . Mi roca . Mi < PROPMALE > . Mi Dios . Jesus es mi todo , mi todo . Jesus vive y es mio . Te amo Senor . Alabado sea Dios ! 
\He ver las muchas caras < PROPMALE > miedo y de dolor . He visto las lágrimas caen < PROPFEMALE > montón de dolor de corazón y la fuerza de . Así que si usted ha vidas viaje cansado y con miedo . No hay descanso en la sombra de sus alas .... He visto la mano sanadora de Dios . Llegar a los corazones rotos y la reparación ... La mano sanadora de Dios\ " ~ Jeremy Camp ' Curación Mano de Dios '" 
is runnin low on fuel and still has oh so much to do ..... another night of less than 4 hours sleep ? i think so . :( 
\Change your thoughts and you change your world . \ " ~ Norman < PROPMALE > Peale " 
\Don't take life so seriously because you'll never get out alive . \ " ~ Josh Shippe " 
\I'm trading my sorrow . I'm trading my shame . I'm laying it down for the joy of the Lord . I'm trading my sickeness . I'm trading my pain . I'm laying it down for the joy of the Lord . I sing yes Lord yes Lord yes yes Lord . Yes Lord yes Lord yes yes Lord . Yes Lord yes Lord yes Lord Amen ... \"" 
Comp , CLT , Algebra , or Sleep ? Uhhhhh .... SLEEP !!!!!!! Comp and CLT can wait til morning . Algebra can wait even longer . Procrastination ... awesome until finals week hits . :P 
Quick Poll : Am I < PROPFEMALE > Duckett intimadating ? Answer below . 
Money cannot always determine everything .... I need 2 spread my wings and fly . I am no longer 15 . Y cant ppl c that ? I am 4 months shy of 20yrs old . Let me b free . Let me b me . 
is hurting and needs prayer . I have a lot of HUGE decisions to make this week as well as the stress of finals and limited sleep . Some of the decisions that must be made are going to hurt some people in my life that I care very deeply for , and its tearing me in 2 and ... well .... its just REALLY hard for me right now . :'( 
is askin for prayer . This break is gonna be hard for me as I will be making known the results of several < PROPMALE > decisions I have had to make lately . I know that some of the choices I have made are gonna hurt some people and that is in turn causing me to hurt . I feel I am doing the right thing . I just need strength and wisdom as I finalize those choices . 
2 finals down . 2 to go . History os gonna kill me . Algebra should go okay .... I hope . This Friday has been WAY to LONG and doesnt feel like a Friday @ all . 5pm ? It can't come fast enough . :P 
is looking for a place to crash from early nxt week until < PROPFIRST > . 4th . Can anybody help me out ? 
is looking for a place to crash from early nxt week until < PROPFIRST > . 4th . Can anybody help me out ? Seriously , if u know someplace I can stay until I move into the dorms on the 4th , let me know . 
is DESPERATE !!! I need someplace to stay TONIGHT until i can move nto the dorms on < PROPFIRST > 4th ! PLZ HELP !!!! FB me if u can help ! 
is safe and sound at a friends house .... so for those of you who are worried about me I am okay . still wrkin out where i will stay the rest of break but tonight i am safe and thats all that matters . i am taking things one day at a time throughout break and i will see you all on the 4th . 
is looking for a place to stay tonight . Since it is Sunday nothing is open in Cedarville and idk if I will be able to gat on again today for another update . Thanks to all those who are praying . Love you all . I promise I will stay as safe as possible and update this again ASAP . :| * strong face * 
is so grateful for awesome friends and caring people who are willing to help when help is needed . 
needs prayer . I am reconsidering all my options regarding my current situation . I will be making some very hard decisions here very soon . I am not sure what is best right now , but I hope to figure that out soon . 
\If weakness is a wound that no one wants to speak of . Then ' cool ' is just how far we have to fall . I am not immune . I only want to be loved . But I feel safe behind the firewall ... If you want the truth . I need to confess . I'm not alright . I'm broken inside . Broken inside ... \ " ~ Sanctus Real \ " I'm Not Alright \"" 
ppl gettin IMs from me w/ old vids and such . It aint me . SRY 
gotta love Ritz and Ez Cheez 
justforfuniamnotseperatinganyofmywordstodayjustsoicanbeamusedwithmysicktwistedlittleimagesofalyouguystryingtoreadthishahahaha 
Talk to me on AIM . My screen name is smalltownpoet . 
is thinking about changing her look . A lot ..... something like short and black .... short being < PROPFEMALE > length at nthe longest .... black meanin Jet black . What do ya'll think ? Comment below . 
loves her new look . Not short ... and not jet black ... but def darker ... and def amazing looking . Pics will be comin ... I promise . 
is wonderin why I even bother to try . To do anything . It seems no matter what I do or say ... it's never good enough . I'm always too stupid , too fat , too lazy , too unlady-like , too whatev . That's just me , though . Fat , stupid , lazy , and unlady-like . So I dyed my hair black . Got a new tude . I'm callin a mtg . And I'm takin control of my life .... with God as the driver and me along for the ride .. the ride of a lifetime . 
just got Twitter and Skype . Follow me on Twitter my screenname is smalltownpoet09 . Then add me to your skype ... its amanda_duckett . I will prob be livin on my computer now ... but oh well , thats not much of a change . :) 
is wishin she could talk to some of her friends right now and hates the fact that they live so far away .... 
is nervous . Tentative mtg scheduled at 9am with my parents . Hopefully it will go ok and we can wrk out some of our differences . If not ... well we'll see . 
is not gonna get any sleep tonite . I am way too anxious/nervous/scared outta my wits about 2morrows mtg . Need to b ready 2 catch my ride at 8:15 ish . I really need prayer and luck and grace . Hopefully it goes ok and we wrk things out enough that I can b home 4 Christmas day at least . 
is walkin on sunshine :) !!! Things are looking up up up ! My mtg with my mom went well and I think we have worked out a lot of our differences . The rest of my break will be spent fixing any and all damaged relationships I can as best I can and looking for a regular job in addition to Chucks . Thanks to everyone for prayers , advice , and friendship . I <3 ya'll!!! 
wow .... the \grown-up\ " side of band is really different ... in a cool way . Playing with the Pep Band was AWESOME 2nite ... made even sweeter by a great victory over the \ " Purple Pansies\ " . Then < PROPMALE > Evans @ 11pm was the perfect way to end this most extraordinary day . :) " 
is HOME . 
has been stabbed in the back and feels like crap on the \happiest\ " night of the year . " 
is wishing all her friends and family a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
has had an awesome Christmas . Going to go see Avatar 2nite . Gonna be fun ! 
or not 
is envious of a 10 year old . How messed up is that ?!? 
is wondering how my 10 yr old sister gets an Ipod Nano and she gets stuck with schl supplies . 
is wondering how my 10 yr old sister gets an Ipod Nano and I get schl supplies . 
is headed to church and then to the Creation Museum with my grandpa O . and grandma < PROPFIRST > and fam . Its gonna be a fun day . :) 
had a great day at the Creation Museum . Took lots of pics that will be on here soon and listened to a great talk by < PROPFIRST > Kurby . Now I am sittin enjoyin watchin the snow fall . 
everyone should read my note . Its the culmination of a few days worth of thoughts brought together coherently ( finally ) by a visit to the Creation Museum today . 
cleaning my room then playing with my HS Pep Band . Today is gonna ROCK !!! 
had fun playing with her HS Pep Band 2nite and then going 2 < PROPMALE > Evans afterwards . I was right ... 2day ROCKED w/ the exception of losing my necklace somewhere ... oh well . 
day 2 of operation room transformation ..... the floor is starting to become visible :) goal for today = floor coompletely visible 
is going to go get a manicure . Since mom is paying for it I agreed to do something girlie for once in my life .... and i repeat ... only b/c mom is paying . 
hates getting my nails done b/c i always mess them up ! I also just got a DS and Guitar Hero for the aforementioned DS . Life is sweet !... except for the nails . 
cannot believe the immaturity of some people . 
spending New Years < PROPFEMALE > cleaning , planning a new note reflecting on this past year , and possibly shopping .... possibly not 
spending New Years < PROPFEMALE > cleaning , planning a new note reflecting on this past year , and SICK . bleh . 
operation room transformation is almost complete ... FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Happy New Year everyone . RIP Daddy ( 2/12/69-10/24/10 ) . I love and miss you so much . 
cant wait for tomorrow . 
about my profile pic .... It's an interesting thought and yet so true of modern society .... what are we as Christians gonna do to change that ? 
\You must be the change you wish to see in the world . \ " - Ghandi " 
sitting in CLT ..... yet again . 
thinks this semester might be the end of me ;) 
is so tired it aint funny . hopefully i wake up in time to get to my 8am Intro to Youth < PROPFEMALE > . class ..... 
my heart goes out to the Vest family . I am praying for you all . :'( 
OK ..... HD is still alive but barely . Rumors are flying around that he has already passed away . He is real bad and there isn't much < PROPMALE > of recovery . Plz just pray . Pray for a miracle . 
Cedarville lost a dear friend . He was much too young to die . R.I.P. HD Vest . You wil be missed . We ? u . 
pink/purple/orange zebra stripe . 
thinks that < PROPMALE > Carpenter needs to come back to Cedarville and be here for HD's funeral . 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 ) Crazy . 2 ) I'd Marry You . 3 ) Talkative . 4 ) Sarcastic . 5 ) I Miss You . 6 ) Meticulous 7 ) Moody . 8 ) Dumb . 9 ) Mouthy . 10 ) Spoiled . 11 ) Random . 12 ) Hot . 13 ) Funny . 14 ) Fit . 15 ) Amazing . 16)Tough . 17 ) Cute . 18 ) Loyal 19 ) Honest 20 ) I Love You . 21 ) The Best . 22 ) Couldnt Live without YOU 
is exhausted . Skipping homework in favor of bed ? I think so . 
EVERYONE needs to watch the video interview I just posted . Feel free to leave comments . I am interested as to what you all think about this . 
instead of waiting on the world to change , why don't we step up and MAKE it change ? 
Remember this : You may be the only Bible someone else will ever read . So , we should live our lives in a way that leaves no doubt in anyones mind as to who it is we serve and what we believe in . We should live out the life and love of Christ to those around us . So , are we up to the challenge ? Let's be . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone with AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease . People with autism are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE . 93% won't Copy & Paste this . Special Note : If you know me you MUST post this as your status . I have PDD-NOS , a form of autism . 
you know ... it's amazing how I can look back at my life now and see how God was working in me and preparing me for my field of choice since long before I ever became a Christian . I am amazed to look back and see that everything I have been through has been for a reason , a reason that isn't 100% clear yet but is becoming more so . GOD IS GOOD !! 
Had fun chillin at < PROPFIRST > Herting's house with my adopted bro sis unit . I <3 ya'lls!!!! 
is getting frustrated with how hard it is to find a sub last minute ... maybe i should plan when i get hurt instead of just randomly injuring myself in self defense class :( 
I think < PROPFEMALE > is the most amazingest person I know !!!!!!! She is awesome !!!! 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and Zach Filtz and < PROPFIRST > Moughon the most amazingest people I know at the moment . I <3 everyone though ! 
R.I.P. Mom . 4 years now and yet it still seems like only yesterday that I lost you . I <3 you forever . Please forgive me for needing to do homework today . I will visit you as soon as I can . You are always in my <3 . Mommy , I <3 you . Love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
is glad to be awake and alive this fine day . Yesterday is behind me and the whole of today has yet to be lived . 
hates life . 1st I mess up my wrist . Now I fall down the stairs and mess up my tailbone . Whats next ..... my head ? How about my dignity ? NO COMMENT . :P 
is offically the most accident prone person I know . :P 
Feel the rain on your skin No one else can feel it for you Only you can let it in No one else , no one else Can speak the words on your lips Drench yourself in words unspoken Live your life with arms wide open Today is where your book begins The rest is still unwritten 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is AMAZING !!!! I LOVES HER BECAUSE SHE IS SO AWESOME !!! <3 
is nvr leaving her fb open around < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > again 
working my way through a list of almost 200 bands/songs < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > gave me to explore . I say 2 days < PROPMALE > to hear them all and decide which oines I <3 and which ones I hate . 
listenin to Led Zep . 
Does my profile pic disturb you ? It should . What are we as Christians gonna do to change this ? Are we just going to sit around and wait for the world to change ? Because it's not going to . We MUST stand up for what we believe in and CAUSE the world to change . 
work , then chillin w/friends , and finishing job apps . Great nite ? I think so ........ xcept 4 the job apps . :P 
contemplating Life , Love , and other Mysteries . ( if anyone dares to qoute from Point of Grace's album or song after this I WILL KILL YOU ... just fyi ) . 
\ ... all by all and deep by deep and more by more they dream their sleep noone and anyone earth by april wish by spirit and if by yes . Women and men(both < PROPFIRST > and ding ) summer autumn winter spring reaped their sowing and went their came sun < PROPFEMALE > stars rain\ " ~ ' anyone lived in a pretty how town ' e.e. cummings " 
Tonight is a sad , sad night . Good game guys . You played well . Unfortunately , Farve failed once again . Superbowl : Saints v . Colts . Not what I wished for but it will still be a good game nonetheless . 
is contemplating the important things in her life ... God , friends , school , and family . Mainly God and friends though . 
Sin-crushed heart , broken soul , bloodshot eyes , God-shaped hole . Awesome love held you on my tree . Awesome love holds me on my knees . 
We are his portion and he is our prize . Drawn to redemption by the grace in his eyes . If grace is an ocean we're all sinking . And Heaven meets Earth like a sloppy wet kiss and my turns violently inside of my chest , and I don't have time to maintain these regrets when I think about the way .... He loves us . Oh , how he loves us . Oh , how he loves us . Oh , how he loves . 
IT SEEMS THAT EVERY TIME I TRY WALKING BY MYSELF , I END UP ON MY FACE WITH NOWHERE ELSE TO GO . SO I SURRENDER ALL MY WAYS . TAKE ALL OF THESE IMPURITIES . I'M GIVING YOU THIS WRETCHED SOUL . I'M GIVING YOU THESE INSECURITES ... GIVING YOU ALL CONTROL . ~ Jeremy Camp \Giving You All Control \"" 
make-up paper which I had planned on having submitted by 11pm ? I don't think so ... possibly 1 am but no way will it be done before midnight . Long night ahead ? I think so ... wish me luck . 
Make-up paper is done and submitted ..... 2 hours past my original goal . :( But , hey its done ! :) 
chillin b4 work in 10 < PROPFEMALE > . :P 
Ok , I gave in and posted the celeb I look like . I tried 4 different places and they all said the same thing ... Robin < PROPMALE > . Please read the sign he is holding in the pic ... I think it sums up my feelings about this . :P 
Me gusta mucho facebook en espanol . :) 
Jesus eres mi superheroe , mi < PROPFEMALE > , mi mejor amigo , mi hermano , mi padre , mi < PROPMALE > , mi Dios . Jesus eres mi todo a todos . 
< PROPFIRST > , la < PROPFEMALE > , las estrellas , la lluvia . 
being snowed in ...... what sisterly bonding moments are made of . =D 
That was one hell of a game . Way to go Saints !!!!! WHO DAT ?!!!! 
Speech on Wicca in just under 9 hours . I have a very rough outline .. hopefully it will be enough to make a decent length speech . Perhaps I should not procrastinate so long in the future ? Wish me luck . 
\Carry on my wayward son . There'll be peace when you are done . Lay your weary head to rest . Don't you cry no more . \"" 
\Don't laugh at me . Don't call me names . Don't get your pleasure from my pain . In God's eyes we're all the same . Some day we'll all have perfect wings . Don't laugh at me . \ " ~ Mark Wills ' Don't Laugh at Me '" 
working on a new poem :) 
Snow day = cleaning the basement , catching up on homework , sledding and snowball fight with the little sib , bringing in wood for the stove , more homework , making a gingerbread house with the little sib , facebook , writing poems , and finally getting some much needed sleep . I thought snow days were supposed to be relaxing ??? 
several new blog posts are up . Check them out at www.smalltownwisher.blogspot.com 
Wishin you could read my mind , understand what I hide in my heart . Then maybe , baby , you could help me see how loved I am . Wishin you could find the words that would < PROPFEMALE > inside of my soul . Cuz then , my friend , I'd know he loves me so . God loves me so . 
has a lot on her mind 
\I'm not gonna hide . I'm not gonna run away . I'll uncover the scars and show you every mistake . You're love is mending my blisters and the bruising shame . Here with you I am safe . \ " ~ Natalie < PROPMALE > \ " Safe \"" 
Into marvelous light I'm running . Out of darkness , out of shame . By the cross you are the truth . You are the life , you are the way ... Lift my hands and spin around . See the light that I have found . Oh the marvelous light , marvelous light . Into marvelous light I'm running . Out of darkness , out of shame . By the cross you are the truth . You are the life , you are the way . 
And the countdown begins .... T-122 hrs 8 < PROPFEMALE > 45 sec .... 44 .. 43 ... 42 .. 41 sec ........ 
gd it all 
what to say . i dont really know . i'm just gonna open my hands and let everything go . 
........ 
\Always behave like a duck -- be calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the devil underneath . \ " - < PROPMALE > Braude " 
Who am I that the Lord of all the Earth would care to know my name , would care to feel my hurt ?... Who am I that the eyes that see my sin would look on me with love and watch me rise again ? Who am I that the voice that calmed the sea , would call out through the rain , and calm the storm in me ? ... You've told me who I am . I am Yours . I am Yours . I am Yours . 
Special note to my friends .... if you want to email me please use my smalltownwisher account .... it is under my info . Thanks ! 
So , I went to bed at 10:45 . I didn't wake up until 1:15 this afternoon . Apparently Spring Break is when my body decides to catch up on the sleep it is denied during school . :P My dad said I'm a lazy bum .... not my fault . I seriously couldn't believe I slept that long . 
is making potatoes au gratin ( from scratch ) , ham , carrots , and mixed veggies for dinner :) Unfortunately I forgot the flour for the potatoes ... so maybe it will be a potato , onion , milk , salt and pepper casserole :P You gotta love learning how to cook by experimentation . Hopefully the fam will eat it :) 
is missing all her friends terribly . Please txt or skype me . My skype name is amanda_duckett . My cell number is under my info . I love you all and can't wait for you to get back to the ' Ville . 
made meatloaf and macaroni and cheese ( both from SCRATCH ) for dinner . They are cooking now :) I am becoming quite the chef . 
Like the Phoenix , I am rising anew from these ashes . A new creature I am through the one who loves me more than any other , the one who died for me and whose blood has set me free . Thank you Jesus . 
Youth Min : DONE :) CLT : DONE :) Enviro Science : Resume-DONE , Wrkshts-Almost done :) Speech : Outline , Powerpoint , Wrksht , and notecards :( Humanities : 6 Units to go :( :( Procrastination : WORST IDEA EVER ( besides letting yourself get this far behing in Humanities ) 
Please check out my blog : smalltownwisher.blogspot.com . I just posted a new \rant\ " and I would love to hear everyone's opionions on it ... especially of you disagree with what I said . :) " 
If you see that I am on here BEFORE 7pm ... TELL ME TO GET OFF AND DO HUMANITITES . Please and Thank you . Oh , btw Humanities royally stinks . 
Like the Phoenix , I am rising anew from these ashes . A new creature I am through the one who loves me more than any other , the one who died for me & whose blood has set me free . Free from the mask I have worn so long . Free to show the real me . There will be beauty from this pain . I am standing my ground & I am fighting the lie that giving up is the way . I am living . I will survive & I will be stronger because of this 
is seen through the < PROPFEMALE > colored glasses of her Savior's cleansing blood & awesome luv . Jesus views us through < PROPFEMALE > colored lenses & we r told 2 luv others as He luvd us so shldn't we look @ r fellow humans through the < PROPFEMALE > colored lenses of His blood that was shed not only 4 us but 4 the WHOLE wrld ? Let's show the wrld what tru luv looks like . Let's wear the < PROPFEMALE > colored lenses of Jesus 
possibly just did one of the hardest things she has ever had to do in her life . I <3 Zach Filtz and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for walking with me and making sure I followed through with what I had to do . I <3 everyone one else who I know was praying for me . <3 <3 <3 
is askin all my friends to pray for me at 3pm today . I thought yesterday was one of the hardest things ever .. well ... it's nothing compared to today . I am literally so scared and nervous that I could cry right now , my heart is beating crazy fast , my tomach is in my throat and has butterflies , and my hands wont stop shaking . I am literally freaking out . :/ 
I <3 <3 <3 <3 all my friends . Thanks for always havin my back and <3 me ya'll . It means a lot . <3 <3 <3 
should be sleeping since I will be up from 7:30 am tomorrow until 7:00 am Saturday because of classes and being a CedarMania group leader with my good friend Zach Filtz Instead I am writing my speech outline . Such is the glorious ( or not so much so ) life of a college student . :) 
LOOOONNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG Day ahead . Please pray for the endurance and stamina to make it through . 
CedarMania was EPIC . I am most definitely gonna be a leader again next year . :) I also had the most awesome group and co-leader . SHOUT OUT to First Presbyterian Church of London and Zach Filtz . 
Had a pretty epic day . Lot of thinking about some stuff that has been going on in my life . Decided that God needs to be the one in control because otherwise life gets screwed up even worse . Got a tattoo today . It reads \I endure\ " in Greek . Serves as an excellent reminder to where i have been and where I am headed by the grace of my Lord and Savior . All I can do is promise to live up to my tattoo and Endure . I endure . " 
I ENDURE . A constant reminder that even though it feels like the weight of the world is crushing me , I remain steadfast and I endure . \I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me . \ " Philliapians 4:13 . " 
Broken I come to u for I know u satisfy . I am empty but I know ur love does not run dry . So I'll wait for u . So I'll wait for u . I'm fallin on my knees , Offerin all of me . Jesus , ur all this <3 is livin for ...... No weeping , no hurt or pain , no suffering u hold me now . U hold me now . No weakness , no sick or lame , no hiding , u hold me now . U hold me now .... Jesus take the wheel . U are all I need . I <3 u Jesus . 
desperately needs a Virgin Mobile Top-Up card but alas .. I have no money . Also , this weekend is gonna suck .... taxes , fafsa , scholarship apps , tb test , buyin uniforms , and enrolling in CNA classes , plus trying to keep up with March Madness , homework , job , and sleep . Life is about to hand me a < PROPMALE > Screw you kinda time . :( 
Went 29-3 in the first round . Now , to go do my grown-up responsibilities .... work , fafsa , taxes , and stupid boring stuff like that . :P Of course , ESPN will be up on my laptop . :) Long weekend of \How do ya like bein a grownup and your weekend is screwed-ness . \ " :/ " 
\ ... She feels so alone . She's in too much pain to survive on her own . The pain she can't handle over flows to a knife . She writes on her arm wants to give up her life . Each day she goes on is a day that she's brave . Fighting the lie that giving up is the way . Each moment of courage her own life she saves . When she thro ... ws the pills out a hero is made . \"" 
went 7-9 this round . Thanks to Pittsburgh I am screwed into the final four . Should I just go ahead and burn my bracket or wait to see if my other 3 final four predictions are right ? Kentucky all the way to the top . 
Wish that you could read my mind , understand what I hide in my heart . Cuz then my friend you would see how loved you are . I <3 all my friends . The support ya'll give me means the world . I ENDURE . 
Who am I ? 
Why does life always feel like a battlefield ? 
Jesus take the wheel . Take it from my hands , cause I can't do this on my own . I'm gonna let it go , give me one more < PROPMALE > . Save me from this road I'm on . Oh , Jesus take the wheel . Take it , take it from me . 
Way to screw over my bracket Kentucky . Just so you know I throughly enjoyed watching my bracket burn and then flushing it down the toilet and watching the pieces swirl into oblivion . 
Switchfoot was absolutely awesome . No , it ws more than awesome ... it was BEAST ! 
PLZ SKYPE ME -> I NEED 2 TALK 
Just got a massive care package that included a plaque with my new fav verse on it :) I feel loved . Unfortunately , I am still struggling . I fell down , but I got back up and am dusting off and preparing for the next round . Phillipians 4:13 . 
Shower then Homework . Smelling like Chucks sucks . Also , my pantry is full for the first time in ages :D 
will be deactivating this for a few days . I really need to focus on my grades and this is way to much of a distraction . 
I lied . This will be staying up until after break then I will prolly take it down for a few days . Tommorrow will be spent in < PROPFEMALE > applyig for jobs every place I can . I am also really wrestling with some stuff a few very repected friends said tonight . Challenges . < PROPMALE > . 4:13 
Spent all day in < PROPFEMALE > applying for jobs . Now doing online apps for jobs . Also , starting to apply to other schools that I might possibly transfer to . Still have to do my taxes and some financial aid stuff . Add my job , homework , and a lot of deep thoughts that are on my mind ... and you have my Easter Break in a nutshell . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and I can go to Indian Mound one day to give me a break ;) 
Another day spent going all over the place applying for jobs . Also went shopping at Goodwill and got some awesome clothes ( including PINK capris ) . Then worked at Chucks . Ended the night with an EPIC FAIL at the park with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 2morrow wll be spent mowing grass if t don't rain , applying for more jobs , HOPEFULLY homework , taxes , and applying to a few other schls . So much 4 this being a break . :P 
thinking about some deep life altering type stuff . 
\To be what you is/ You gotta be what you are/ The only thing I'm missing is a black guitar/ I'm a rockstar/ Hey baby/ I'm a rockstar/ Hey baby/ Big city/ Bright lights/ Sleep all day/ Up all night/Hey baby/ I'm a rockstar/ Hey baby/ I'm a rockstar\ " ~ Rihanna ' Rockstar 101 '" 
Anyone want to walk to my bank with me sometime before 1:30 ? If you come I wil buy you a drink at Beans . :D FB Chat me ! 
\That government is best which governs least . \ " ~ Henry < PROPFIRST > Thoreau from his essay \ " Civil Disobedience\ " ( 1849 ) . " 
Rocking a new hairstyle that is almost 10 inches shorter than it was this morning and I am most def loving it :D 
waiting for my silver-blue starlike colored nails to dry so I can go to bed . Why must nail polish take so long ? Is it because just like skirts , pantyhose , and stiletto shoes , nail polish was designed by a man as a way to torture the female members of society ? 
just wants 2 CRY . Why does life seem 2 fall apart all @ once ? Especially the fact that my grades have suffered from drama so much that I most likely cannot come back 2 school next semester . I was hoping it would just be money . What do I do ? A year off 2 work than go someplace else ? Or take some time off and give C'ville one more shot ? How do u tell ur parents that u failed ? That u screwed over ur life , ur future ? :'( 
LOOOOOOOOONG NITE AHEAD !!!! Must do speech intro and outline as well as my powerpoint by 8am . The reason it isn't done now ? STupid computer decided it hated me , crashed , and deleted all my files . I thought technology was the way to go ..... guess we were wrong about that . 
Speech =D ONE . Finally . Now sleep . 
So much on my mind , so much I need to do and yet there are no words to express all these things I am fighting through . 
Things may be looking up . Parents and I had a good talk and are going to try and wrk out many of our differences . I will b getting my verizon phone back , and they are going to help me wrk out stuff with schl so I can transfer some place else , probably Hocking College in Hocking Hills . So long as I am in schl I have a rent free home and a place to come back to and a family to call mine . <3 
6 days til I am 20 . 12 ? days til school is no longer . 
applying to Hocking College . Associates Degree in Early Childhood Education ? I think so and here I come . I guess I will see Cedarville again in 2 yrs to get my bachelors degree . 
is offically friends with the 3 biggest creepers of all time , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Baden , and Zach Filtz 
Just ran over a squirrel on my bike ride home . - @m @nd @ 
Needed for ELLIV .... Black men's dress shoes size 8- 8.5 ; black men's button up shirt size L or XL ; and a black hat(jazz band type ) . Reason : I can't be < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > without them . Thank you . Also needed < PROPMALE>'s sub 4-24 from 430-730 : u usually get off around 7 . Thanks again ! Reply if you can help . 
DESPERATELY NEEDED for ELLIV .... Black men's dress shoes size 8- 8.5 ; black(or White ) men's button up shirt size L or XL ; and a black hat(jazz band type ) . Reason : I can't be < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > without them . 
Quick Poll . Elliv costume ... Should I be < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or a Hobo ? 
doesnt think her room could be anymore of a disaster or her makeshift pantry ( behind and on top of my stereo system , and the top of my dressers ) could be any fuller . Long night of cleaning ahead , then hw , then sleep . Well , prolly not hw . :P 
\Through the wind and the rain she stands hard as a stone in a world that she can't rise above . But her dreams give her wings and she flies to a place where she's loved . Concrete angel . \"" 
20 years ago today 2 historic moments occured . The Hubble Telescope was launched and I WAS BORN . 
Prayin for the family of < PROPMALE > Widlicka . Looking forward to ELLIV . No hobo outfit , but those of you who will be there will see me in a dress . IDK which one yet .... black or white ... fance or more casual ... guess we will see :P 
def did not feel like my bday . typically dislike bdays . it was a good day though . i am offically 20 and old now 
doing chores and random stuff at home . TXT me 
has some very profound , deep , theological , philosophical thoughts running through my head . Unfortunately my poetry notebook is at my friend's dorm . :( 
At least goodbye isn't forever because true friends stay around even if there are a great many < PROPMALE > between you . And thanks to modern technology there is FB , Skype , and Cell phones to lessen the pain and the distance that seperates you from those you love . Goodbyes , although not forever this time , suck . I <3 you all . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
At least goodbye isn't forever because true friends stay around even if there are a great many < PROPMALE > between you . And thanks to modern technology there is FB , Skype , and Cell phones to lessen the pain and the distance that seperates you from those you love . Goodbyes , although not forever this time , suck . I ? you all . ...? ? ? ? ? ? 
Not gonna give in . dont know whats triggerin the < PROPFEMALE > this time . dont know how i am gonna beat it . gonna stay clean . 3 wks and 5 days down . I can make it 3 wks 6 days . I can make it a month . i gotta . gotta not give in . gotta figure out what is wrong . not gonna give in ................. 
humanities presentation in 30 < PROPFEMALE > . I think this is gonna suck . 
Humanities = PWND . Enviro Science @ 3:30 . 
Check out my blog .... I love you all . smalltownwisher.blogspot.com 
Needs a scan for lunch and a ride to Walmart to get cell phone minutes and new set of bike pedals . 
Ridin n a car trunk . - @m @nd @ 
Crying because saying goodbye to a friend I love and care for very deeply is the hardest thing I have ever had to do in my life . Please dear Lord , don't ever make me have to do this again . I don't think I could handle it . My heart is broken enough . My heart is quite literally torn to pieces . 
Cryin myself 2 sleep . I know goodbye aint 4ever but it dont hurt any less . I <3 u all . Plz keep n touch . I <3 <3 <3 u . * HUGS * - @m @nd @ 
Missing my friends already . At least there is facebook , skype , and cell phones to lessen the pain . I absolutely love you all . Start work at 8am tomorrow , then will be working from 6am-3pm everyday :P 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you or you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . Show your support . ? \Love is the ... movement . Rescue is possible \"" 
SELF HARM is not a sign of weakness or suicidal thoughts . It is a sign that you are hurting bad but dont want to die . It is a sign that you WANT TO LIVE . A sign that you are doing your best to cope with the crap of life . Put this as your status if you or someone you know/care about struggles with Self Harm . <3 \Love is the movement . Rescue is possible . \ " <3 " 
so glad she got 2 talk to 2 of her wonderful friends today ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Thompson and Zach Filtz 
Been working since 6am . On break til 9 then back to work until lunch at 11:30 . Then more work from 12:30 til 3pm . Will have my cell on and can always answer txt . So , TEXT me . <3 
Thank God for lunch breaks . I am so tired . Break unti ; 12:30 then back to work until 3 . Txt me 
first full 8hr day of work = Roundhouse kicked in the face . Thank God it is over ... except it starts all over again at 5am tomorrow morning when I wake up . Still missing my friends like crazy . I <3 you all . 
is trying so hard to not let herself get wrapped up in how much she misses her friends , of course my job doesn't help that much . I love love love ya'll . <3 Missing you . <3 
2nd day of wrk down , only a whole summer left to go . :( <3 Missing you <3 
Has a job interview Saturday for Frisch's .. even after telling the manager I can only work weekends because of my custodial job and night classes . I am so excited ! Another job means school < PROPMALE > payed faster and rent and phone < PROPMALE > payed on time :D 
has to go to a stupid appt 2morrow , wishin she could break contract and still live @ home but no can do . this lends itself to a very crappy day indeed . >:( 
has a comb stuck in her hair and cant get it out . dont ask how it happend .. it just did 
is totally bummed by her grades . My GPA for Spring semester is only a 0.9 which is way down from my 1.79 last semester . Total GPA for this school year is 1.29 at least I can still salvage my Youth < PROPFEMALE > grade if I hurry . F in Humanities and Enviro Science . D in Speech , CLT , and Youth < PROPFEMALE > . A in Self Defense . And a pass for MAP . :( 
1 month 1 week free today ... however I am still struggling so I am not gonna get cocky about this fact otherwise i will just screw up and fall again . My <3 is currently still broken from saying goodbye to those I love and care about , but it is healing ever so slowly . Wishing I could talk to a few very special people but not knowing when I can . I <3 and miss everyone . And I am fighting on . 
R.I.P. Mom ( 6/7/1956 -- 1/17/2006 ) . I miss you so much and I wish you were here now so I could tell you how much I love you because I never did while you were alive . I will spend the rest of my life wishing I could hug you one more time . Wishing I could apologize for all the grief I caused you . I will love you always and I hope I can get down to visit your grave soon . \ 
<3 <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > <3 <3 
I am gonna die at some point in the next 5 weeks . Mon-Thursday i am literally on the run from 5:30 am-10pm . At least I get my verizon phone back tonight :D 
Thank you Maddox 11 girls for leaving your unit so clean . This makes my job awful easy . I love and miss you all . Maddox 12 girls , sorry but I dont get the honor of cleaning your unit . I love and miss you too . I get my verizon phone back tonight ! :D 
Got my verizon cell back ! ou can find my number under my info . 
Good morning wrld ! I have been awake since 530 and À wrk since 6 . Wont b hm til 10 so call or txt me . \\n Missn U ÀmÀndÀ 
is going crazy . call or text . 
chillin for a lil before i head to class . call or txt me . missin everyone still . love you all . <3 
Sittin in my STNA class til 9:30 . Text me ! \\nÀmÀndÀ 
Just got my acceptance letter to Hocking College . Will be headed there in September to get my associates degree in Early Childhood < PROPMALE > . Now all I have to do is work out some financial < PROPFEMALE > stuff with them .... apparently I can never come back to Cedarville because I am not \dedicated\ " enough . I will miss it terribly . :( " 
Today is day number one . The fight starts over yet again . I will make it . Sorry for messing up , but I am not gonna beat myself up . We all fall down at times and now it's time to stand back up . Just keep swimming . Its been day 0 for a week now , can't keep this up , so just keep swimming . Standing back up , brushing off , and starting over again . Just keep swimming . Keep swimming . 
Day 1 almost conquered . How about I finish it off with a roundhouse kick in the face and then welcome in Day 2 of O . S . H . F .... ( if you want to know what O.S.H.F. stands 4 msg me ) 
Day 2 of O.S.H.F. is well under way . Let's kick this things butt shall we ? 
Absolutely loves < PROPMALE > Kohl . Only a tru friend drops by ur house 2 c how u r bc he hasnt seen u n 2 wks . \\n 
Day 2 of O.S.H.F. finished off with a double backflip stomach kick ... ( you pull a double backflip kicking the victim in the stomach as you land the second backflip ) 
To borrow the words of Mr. Cato today ... Thank you God for the warm hugs of friends . \\n 
Dear God , Thank you for friends warm hugs and smiles ; facebook , skype , and cell phones to keep in touch with those friends ; and thank you for love shared , love lost , love found , and love true . Thank you for being you and always loving me even though I so regularly deny/reject to acknowledge you . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
BUT I KNOW ITS A LIE ! \\n 
Dont kno what 2 say . Dont kno how 2 xplain . The pain i feel . Whats on my mind . Whats in my heart . Dont know what 2 say how 2 explain . \\n 
< PROPFEMALE > is in town until Friday night . I have never been gladder for work and school . She got me an awesome new skateboard though with skulls and custom initaling on the bottom .... guess I really should learn to ride it now . :P I have like 0 balance . 
Definitely like broke my toe last night 
On the way to Mount < PROPFIRST > to take < PROPFIRST > home . 100 < PROPMALE > there and back . Cant wait for the quiet of the trip back . Txt it . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Wishing Batman was here to give me one of the best hugs ever . The kind of hug which only Batman can give . 
Into marvelous light I'm runnin . Out of darkness , out of shame . By the cross you are the truth , you are the light , you are the way . \\n 
studying for STNA class . UGH . I absolutely hate to study , but I love the class . 
Missing Batman more than ever . 
the men of St. < PROPFIRST > should be ashamed at the filth they left behind . 
Loves watching the corn grow . Guess I'll always be a country girl because I can't imagine not spendin summer this way . \\n 
Doesnt know what to think or how to feel right now ... SOOO CONFUSED ! \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
What do u do when nuthin makes sense , when evrything is numb , when death seems so lovely , and God seems so far ? What do u do when life is what u want , feeling is what u need , and peace of mind doesnt exist ? When love goes wrong , dreams get shattered , decisions need made ... what do u do ? Do you stand in the rain and fight ? Or do u cry urself 2 sleep at nite ? What do u do ? 
started the Hill dorms today . I am disgusted by the condition of Rogers .... how filthy can you get ? Carr 5/6 I hope you all left your rooms cleaner then those who live in Rogers and < PROPFIRST > did ... if not I will have to disown you . 
whatever you want me to say i will because honestly i have no clue right now . no clue what to put here , no clue what to do , no clue what to say , and no clue as to what to feel . some people say numbness is bliss .... i say numbness brings death ever so closer . numbness slowly kills ... heart , soul , mind , emotions .... numbness kills them all . 
thank you Carr 5/6 for keeping your units so clean 
silent screams < PROPFEMALE > through the darkness of this long night . Preparing once again for what seems like an endless fight . Searching , seeking , praying for the morning's light . I don't have the strength or know how to beat this thing , to conquer . Help end the pain , releases the chains . Free my heart . 
Done with shift 1 at chucks today . Eating then shift 2 starts at 345 til 9 . Pizza bar . YEAH ! jk\\n ÀmÀndÀ 
keep your eyes out for a new note and video update on here soon 
Video update coming soon ... I hope ... like if I can get my stupid Webcam to work . 
Just realized what time it is ..... goin to bed now . talk 2 ya in the mornin .... which is like Noon . Txt it 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Shaw is the bomb ! 
Prayin for Jenn < PROPFIRST > Darling . It will get better hun . I know it hurts so bad right now . I am here . No matter what time it is day or night feel free to call or text me . Love you . Stay strong . ** HUG ** 
absolutely loves my job right now . I started the summer at 235lbs and today I weighed in at 221lbs ! 14lbs lost in a month . Lets keep this pattern goin ! Also , I am totally eating a salad , drinking water , and have a protein shake in my bookbag . Way to be health freak 
I miss those times when we could talk . I miss those times when I could see you face to face , almost everyday . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Officially done with the class part of class . Now for 5 nights of clinicals . Then state test on July 10th . Almost there ..... Amanda Duckett , STNA . I can hardly wait ! :-D 
IT'S FRIDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Seems like another option , roadblock , steppin stone , or hurdle is added 2 my confusion evryday . Quitting sounds so sweet 2day . But so selfish and dumb . \\n 
It's socially unacceptable that I express pain . 
Congrats to all the awesome Cedarville High School GRADS !!!! WOOHOO ! You made it . Enjoy your bliss while it lasts , because honestly ... life and college is a ** BLEEP ** . You'll make it through okay though because good ol ' CHS has done its job and prepared you well . I love you all . Welcome to the elite world of Alumnus . 
so lost , so confused . broken and bruised . survivin somehow . focusin on the here and now . God's by my side , but feels so far away . just takin it step by step , day by day . Day 6 . with God by my side , and me along on the ride ... 6 days will turn to 6 months and 6 months to a year ... FREEDOM HERE I COME . Now , if I could just get all my decisions wrked out and feel close to my Lord again . 
Thinks maybe , just maybe I have found where I belong in life .... and what i should be doing with it . I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE my STNA clinicals . 
Dear Mom , Happy L8 B-day . Sry I didnt post this yesterday . I miss u so much . I'm so sry I was so mean 2wards u . Wish I could turn back time . I left things so wrong w/u , I nvr should of let my last words 2 u b what they were . I should of told u I <3 u , not 2 get out of my life b/c I h8 u . 2 me it will always b 1-17-06 that u died b/c that is when I found out . Wish I could take it all back . I <3 u ! <3 , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm making it , surviving , fighting ..... and dare I say winning ? Day 8 . God is so good ..... even when you neglect to acknowledge Him . I am so thankful that He will meet me in this place and take away my sorrow and pain while restoring me to wholeness again . I am thankful that He will RESCUE me from this pit ... this place of SH and shame . I am so very very thankful that I can call Him Daddy and Friend . 
Plz understand that i hurt and do my best 2 cope . I need love but dont kno where 2 look . Im not worthy of bein happy with or loved by anyone . Worthy 2b alone \\n 
As if I don't clean enough at work I will be spending today cleaning my room , bathroom , and the playroom . Then I can hopefully ( finally ) go on a 6 mile bike ride ( if it doesnt rain ) . 
Goin on a 6 mile bike ride in 80 degree weather with horrid humidity . Yup , I'm crazy . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Bike ride was great . Harder than I expected , but considering i haven't really ridden my bike in a couple of months it went well . My knees only bug me a little bit which is a good sign .... hopefully this will become habit again and eventually I hope to ride 15-20 < PROPMALE > a day . 
Goin to bed . Last day of clinicals and graduation tomorrow ..... really glad my class is over , now to pass the state test in July . Can't wait to regain my time after work . Another bike ride tomorrow hopefully . Weight loss to date = 19lbs . I am getting skinny . :-D 
Graduate from my STNA class tonight . I will take the state test next month . Definitely ended well .... I have a 97% A average . Also , got my new glasses about an hour ago ... def take some gettin used to . 
I am offically < PROPFEMALE > Duckett , CNA . Until I pass my state test and become < PROPFEMALE > Duckett , STNA . \\n 
Painting in order to keep winning the fight against my SH . However , I really need your help .... join me in this fight . I am running extremely low on acrylic paint and my paintbrushes have seen better days . Together , we can beat this thing . 
The mask is off . What do you think of me now ? 
\The scars remain . Reminds of pain . The scars remain . When I see you I see scars that are matching . When I see you I see scars that are matching . I know what I'm feeling you are feeling scars remaining through . When I see you I see scars\ " SCARS REMAIN - DISCIPLE " 
This might be the end . This might be goodbye . I make no promises for tomorrow . I make no promises for today . 
This might be the end . This might be goodbye . I make no promises for tomorrow . I make no promises for today . I'm sorry . 
Announcing ... the title has been chosen for my brand new previously untitled poem . And the title is .... ( drum roll please ) ...... Yearning for Battlecease 
Must of really been distracted by life and crap this month . I seriously cannot believe how much whiteout was required to correctly balance my checkbook . It looks like the job of a kindergartener . :( I hate being an adult .... especially when it comes to figuring out how I am paying for everything . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTdjCsZoW_0 
To be wrapped in the strong arms of Jesus and < PROPFIRST > softly to sleep instead of a lullaby of tears would be so sweet . 
The BEST Father is a man who doesn't have to love you , doesn't have to care , and sure as hell doesn't have to bail you out of a bind , but doe's anyway . The BEST Father is a man who makes a choice to raise you as his own even if technically you're not his . I want to say Happy Father's Day to the BEST Father in the world , my < PROPMALE > dad , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . I love you . :) 
Day 1 
I am beautiful . I am God's original masterpiece . I am NOT junk . I have never let God down , because I am not the one doing the holding up . I am a < PROPFEMALE > of the < PROPMALE > and I am NOT gonna let Satan tell me otherwise anymore . To be wrapped in the strong arms of Jesus and < PROPFIRST > softly to sleep instead of a lullaby of tears would be so sweet . Tonight I am wrapped in Jesus ' arms and will fall asleep to His love . 
psyched that I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > Herting and < PROPMALE > Gru today . :) 
Had an awesome time with < PROPMALE > Gru and < PROPFIRST > Herting tonight . I am so thankful for my amazing friends . Also grateful that they were so willing to help me plan out a budget and look over a rough sketch of my plan to move towards self-suffiency and adulthood before I give it to my parents . I really don't know what I would of done without them . I <3 you !!!! 
Headin 2 the Dr's . :-( \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Legit just got epically PWND by a 10yr old . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojScwmRGHlM 
Be Strong 
There is a great blue heron beside cedar lake . Watchin him out the library windows instead of scrubing walls ? Yup thats me . \\n 
Dislikes her dad rite now . I am up 2 my elbows n moldy grass and dog poo bc he dont kno how 2 clean the mower when done . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Sitting at Beans enjoying a frozen almond joy espresso . Going to the library soon to update my financal transactions and finish a presentation for my parents . Also , hoping to get some good Cds and a few good books . Then home for dinner ( I am making eggs , fried potatoes , and sausage or bacon ) . < PROPFEMALE > has softball and I have lawn mowing . Then quick shower and bed . I just love Friday's during the summer . :-) 
I can't wait to get out of this town but at the same time I don't ever want to leave . As I walked and rode through much of it yesterday thinking about memories I have had at each stop along the way I realized that this town is so much of who I am and I can never leave . 
Supposedly\ 
cleaning my desk and room . Actually writing letters to friends , \ 
browsing facebook , getting ready to update my blog , and somewhat\ 
working on my desk . I have also learned to do laundry this weekend . 5 loads of it ... one yet to dry because apparently blankets need 2 cycles before they are dry :-P LOL . Life is great . 
looking for a reliable car . most i can afford is $150 right now , but I can set up a payment plan . I really need a way that I can get a job and get there so I can pay off school and become more independent . If you or someone you know can help me out please let me know . Thanks ! 
Seriously wonders if her parents really do care/want her to be independent . I try & explain my budget & my mom says I can't follow a budget or even set one up until school is payed off , even though my budget accounts for my school < PROPMALE > . Then she is still planning on charging me rent come August 1st while expecting me to put basically my entire paycheck towards my school < PROPMALE > . It's illogical . And it's pissing me off . 
hates her parents . they think i am just going through a \phase\ " which is why i avoid them and have a \ " attitude\ " and stay away from home or locked up in my room . then when we don't see eye to eye they say i must do things their way or pack up . ( ex : my budget ) . seriously could hurt somebody right now . so very thankful for the friend who has my knife . going to go soak in a hot tub and then idk . Grrrrr " 
Praying for < PROPMALE > Young's family and friends . < PROPMALE > , you will be dearly missed . I will always remeber you with a smile on your face because I never once saw you frown or have a bad attitude or anything like that . You just layed it all on jesus all the time and you always praised Him and took time to encourage others . You were one very special person . 
needs sleep bad but needs to write worse . Life is weird like that . 
the struggle keeps getting harder everyday . I am on day 10 . I gotta keep fighting . I can't go down like this again . Is there anyone who can save me from myself ? jesus , are you there ? 
wishes people would just mind their own . seriously ... let me be me and leave me be . 
drawing to try and express what I feel except that I can never seem to express the dark side or find that same sense of calm that I find in the coldness of steel . 
There's always scars . Some physical , some mental , some emotional . Some obvious , some hidden . But there are ALWAYS scars . 
Sittin by the falls at the park watchin baby minnows swimmin around and just thinkin and writin . \\n 
Listenin to 1st and 2nd graders sing Your A Grand Ol Flag in church today was so precious . \\n 
wishin I could write ..... something .... anything .... just write 
wish i could do something ... anything ... to express what i feel ... whats goin on inside me ... the pain ... loneliness ... sorrow ... sadness ... emptiness ... confusion ... darkness ... the endless night . wish i could just scream ... and run ... and cry ... and not stop until i am normal again . I WISH I COULD CRY . wish i could just say goodbye and end it all right now ... but i dont wanna die so ... I SCREAM WITHOUT WORDS . MY SCARS ARE MY WORDS 
Just woke up . I didnt realize just how sleep deprived I have been . \\n 
Why should I have to apologize for being myself and handling life the only way I know how to ? Why should I have to explain myself ? Is it simply because I express myself in a way that is different from you ? I guess it's just not acceptable to express pain . DO NOT JUDGE ME BY MY SCARS ... I AM A PERSON TOO . My scars speak 1000 words I could not . Try and listen ... try and love . Don't judge or shun . Please . <3 
wants the pain to end , the darkness to leave , the blade to soothe no longer , sweet relief , love that runs deep , and strength to beat this monster . 
' Cause I'm losin my sight . Losin my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . Nothing's alright . Nothing is fine . I'm running and I'm crying . I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying , I'm crying . 
Really needs to find that place where all my strength resides because I can't go on like this . 
Wants to say THANK YOU to the anonymous person who felt compelled to send me $50 in the mail with a note reading Galatians 6:7 -10 and leaving me no return address or way to thank you . So , THANKS ! You made my day epic and have truly blessed me in ways I cannot explain . 
On my way to take my STNA test . Wish me luck ! \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Just finished my test . Should know how I did by Tuesday evening . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
sitting at open mic at Beans . More people need to show up . I am def having a good time though . :D 
chillin at home on this fine Sunday evening . Church at 6 then for a Walmart run . Definitely going casual tonight ... jeans and a t-shirt with chucks . 
anxiously awaiting the results of my STNA test . Will hopefully know how I did by tomorrow night . Gonna be the longest 2 days of my life . 
Wishin she could talk to some of her friends . 2 very special friends in particular . Just because we will not all be together next year doesn't mean the Three Muskateers should come to an end . Seriously , I love you both very deeply and miss you terribly . 
Dear Cedarville University SGA , Thank you for the wonderful expierence of cleaning your kitchen and office . It was one I will not forget for some time . 
** SIGH ** That about sums it up really . Struggling bad tonight because today just pretty much sucked . I can never seem to do anything right . Can never seem to please my parents . Can never seem to be anything more than a failure . 16 days . That's it . 16 DAYS to decide the rest of my future . Idk if I will make it 16 days . I am going crazy . Want 2 cry but can't . Want 2 scream but can't . Want to quit but can't . Just can't . 
had a good workout and good time hanging with < PROPFIRST > . Today was a little better . Still need to sit down and talk to my parents about some stuff . Also , it is down to 15 days . What am I supposed to do ? 
Mowin grass all day today then need to do some serious cleanup and organization . Also need to write to sort out my thoughts . \\n ÀmÀndÀ 
definitely has the worst sunburn ever across my shoulders and back . Only spent 2 hours outside mowing grass in my swimsuit and shorts .... why must my skin be so fair ? 
I am seriously thinking that I will get no sleep tonight and that tomorrow at work is gonna suck . My back and shoulders are almost purple and starting to blister . My arms are bright red . And my legs have weird bright red lines that hurt to be touched . Don't want anything to touch me , don't want to move , don't wanna do anything but lay perfectly still on my tummy . O_o 
Headin 2 hospital . Blister size of my fist on my back\\n ÀmÀndÀ 
Got oup of hospital near midnite . 2nd degree burns on my back n shoulders . Worst on my back where i have a few huge blisters . On antibiotics n pain relievers . \\n 
Feels so lazy today . All I could do is sit around and do pretty much nothing . Having antibiotic cream applied to my back hurts real bad . Hopefully will be back at work tomorrow , though I am sure it will hurt bad for a few days yet . I hate burns . 
feeling a good deal better today . My back is still painful though the pain meds help a good deal . Hopefully the huge blister will pop soon so the burns can start totally healing . Also , praying for no infection to set in which is a very big and real possibility as is permenant scars :( 2nd degree burns really suck . Was back at work today though which was definitely a plus :) Back to normal soon I hope . 
\When\ 
Freaking out and about to lose it . Need a place to live by Saturday . Very limited options and I can't really afford any of them . 
No more phone until i can get to walmart . so if u need me u need to facebook me . 
Heartbroken . 
God is so good ! He worked in amazing ways to make it so I can stay in C'Ville for at least another month which gives me time to find another apartment I can afford and a full time job . Praise the Lord ! 
Great Day ! Skipped church with < PROPFIRST > , his sister , & their friend to go jump off a bridge , had an amazing breakfast at 12:30 ish pm followed by watching Cloudy With A < PROPMALE > of Meatballs . Now sitting across from < PROPMALE > & enjoyin the beautiful weather while my laundry is dryin inside . I am enjoying independence . Now to find a job & start lookin 4 housin since I live here for a month only by the grace of God . I LOVE LIFE ! 
Not so good a day , but it will get better .... eventually 
Got a tattoo . Its really pretty . Hopefully hanging with < PROPFIRST > Herting today . I can't wait . 
Is doing ok . Life is way different when you are on your own but we can make it . I can make it . 
Wishin life on her own wasn't so confusing . Still looking for a job , someplace to live and/or a cheap car ( to live out of til I can get a place ) . Seriously didn't think it would be so hard to find a job but if you don't drive nobody wants you :( 
8 wrong turns . 7 hours . 6 test rides . 5 Walmarts . 4 food stops . 3 mountain dews . 2 women . 1 bike . Most epic trip ever ? I think so . It's not about A Bike .. it's ALL about THE Bike . I am now the proud owner of a beautiful dark grey and lime green bike . 
And the countdown starts ..... 4 more days before i am officially unemployed :( 
For those of you who care to know my new address is \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Duckett \ 
PO Box 306\ 
Cedarville , Ohio 45314 
struggling but making it . lookin for a job & place to live with little luck but lookin at every possible option & avenue to find help & get back up again . i will make this & my life will turn out great .. just hit a little rough patch for the time bein . & if bein ok means i have to accept welfare & food stamps for a little while then i will because there is no shame in maki sure you can live a healthy , safe , good life . 
My hair is now offically a dark reddish burgundy color . Pics will come soon as I fix my laptop's camera and find good wifi somewhere other than campus and beans n cream 
is officially going crazy . why , oh why must it be so hard to find a job and get help from the government to meet your basic needs when you so desperately need both ? Doesn't government exist to help its people anymore ? Yeah , I'm mad but I'm also really stressed and wearing thin . I'm gonna make it but right now the ride is exceptionally rough . :( 
just withdrew as a student from wonderful ' ol CU . It broke my already broken heart and crushed my already demolished spirit and soul . 
wishes she couls be ok . wishes the pain would go away . wishes the rain would quit pouring down . wishes i could swim instead of drown . when things look down i am forced to look up . things will get better with god and some luck . 
Giving HIM all control because otherwise i will never make i 
And the hunt for a job and housing goes ever on . :( 
totally rocking a whole new look . New hair , new clothes , new tat ( profile pic for a while now ) , new attitude .... new ME 
I will make it . I will be ok . I will endure . Nothing can hold me down . Nothing can get in my way . I am a fighter . A survivor . A < PROPFEMALE > to the < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s . A special daughter . Amanda : Worthy of love . I will make it . He holds me now and forever . And my soul is moving towards peace . Love and Joy will come again . 
Hates writing resumes and filling out endless job app after job app . Looking for a job is definitely a job in and of itself . Also , if you would be willing to let me use you as a reference on job and hopusong apps can you please message me your address and phone number ? Thanks ! 
\I\ 
Take me to that place Lord , to that secret place where I can be with you and you can make me like you . Wrap me in your arms , wrap me in your arms , wrap me in your arms . 
so much to think about ..... so many decisions to be made ..... so little sleep to be had .... how long before i cave ? 
is crying 
Reality hits you like an unforeseen kick in the face . Just sayin . Totally ready for this all to be done . So ready for life to be okay again . Still crying . 
Can't wait to see her bestest friend in all of the Ville 
is ..... WOW just WoW . Life comes at you fast and the unexpected happens everyday ... some days the unexpected is just way more EPIC than others . SO grateful for my awesome amazing supportive loving crew of friends ... seriously couldn't make it without them :-) <3 and my mind as totally been blown .. more about that later ........ 
kinda sad but wishin i was in class 
All my Cedarville U friends ... if you want me to keep in touch when I am not on campus please send me your school mailbox number ... THANKS ! 
If I did the right thing ... which I am almost 100% positive I did .... then why does it feel so wrong ? 
Chillin with my friends 
Hoping things work out so she can meet a very special woman for the first time in a very long time . 
Wow . Just wow . I had a most epic day today and now I can't wait til next Saturday . \ 
:-D 
I got a couple dents in my fender . Got a couple rips in my jeans . Try to put the pieces together but perfection is my enemy . And on my own i'm so clumsy but on your shoulders i can see i'm free to be me . 
Wants to curl up and cry but my tear ducts have seemed to run dry . 
Hoping everything works out for Saturday . Anyone want to make my day by going with me ? I need someone with a driver's license just because I must have a licensed driver with me and I really need a friend . 
Be sure to follow my blog at smalltownwisher.blogspot.com I will be updating it at least weekly with updates in my living and work situation as well as how you can be praying/help . I will also be posting some of my poetry and random thoughts and life lessons I am learning throughout this whole journey . My little way of ... letting you know what's up with me so I can focus on loving you as my friends :) 
Fall back take a look at me and you'll see I'm for real I feel what only I can feel and if that don't appeal to you let me know and I'll go cuz I flow better when my colors show . And that's the way it has to be , honestly cuz creativity could never bloom in my room I'd throw it all away before I lie so don't call me with a compromise , < PROPFEMALE > up the phone I got a backbone stronger than yours . 
Qoute of the week ... \I don't wanna hit the black kid ... thier not worth any points . \ " courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > Rempel . LOL .. and no we are not racist . " 
\HELP ! I don't know where I am . It's dark and I hear Laughing ! \ " ~ Taco < PROPFEMALE > Hot Sauce Packet " 
Chilling with my birth family in Goshen , Ohio . Can't believe I am actually here . Also , can't believe how well I still know my way around down here . Uneventful drive down . Hopefully same for drive back up . This feels like a dream and it's totally awesome . 
Hopes tomorrow is as epic as today was . 
why can't i give up the wheel to Jesus ? why do i keep making a memorial out of my past and my pain ? will i ever get out of this darkness ? will i ever be able to give up control and the blade ? will life ever be ok ? God , i pray for you to please just make everything in my life right now ok . 
I am a Christian and I struggle with pain . I am a Christian and I struggle with loneliness . I am a Christian and I struggle with worry . I am a Christian and I struggle with depression . I am a Christian and I struggle with suicidal thoughts . I am HUMAN so I struggle just like the rest of the world . I have the advantage of the strength of Christ but that doesn't always make life okay its just a little more hopeful . 
TWLOHA . If u kno me u kno some1 who is gr8ly encouraged by this org and the msg they speak . Hope is real . Rescue is possible . Love is the movement . Life is worth it . Plz show ur support 4 this msg and those who r hurting . U nvr kno who u might help make it another day . 
Really wanting a nap ..... and I never nap . I really must be sick . 
has a concussion . >:-( 
\Life 
Was so blessed by church this morning . \Draw me close to you . \ 
Wondering if anyone wants to go to church with her tonight . It is an awesome church composed of college kids and young adults that is full of energy , some craziness , and the word of God is clearly preached . Text or call me to let me know . I can fit 3 more people in my car ( 4 if cramped ) . 937 502 5460 
I'm a Failure . NO , YOU'RE FORGIVEN . I'm Worthless . NO , YOU'RE PRICELESS . I'm so Ugly and Fat . NO , YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL and PERFECT . I'm Stupid . NO , YOU'RE BRILLIANT . I'm Hated by myself and Unlovable by others . NO , YOU'RE LOVED and LOVABLE . YOU'RE MY CREATION , MY DAUGHTER , MY < PROPFEMALE > . YOU ARE MINE AND DON'T LET ANYONE TELL YOU DIFFERENTLY . <3 GOD 
Is there meaning anymore ? Can you recover from destruction you caused ? Can things be okay again ? Will I always mess up .... always be a failure ? Will I always be so stupid ? Can I heal those I have hurt ? Can I redeem myself ? Can I heal my heart ? Or should I just quit trying ? Should I just give up ? Tell me please .... is the pain worth it ? 
\Just bc Im losin/ Doesnt mean Im lost/ Doesnt mean Ill stop/ Doesnt mean I would cross/ Just bc Im hurtin/ Doesnt mean Im hurt/ Doesnt mean I didnt get what I deserved/ No better & no worse/ I just got lost/ Evry river that I tried 2 cross/ Evry door I evr tried was locked/ .. ull be lost/ Evry river that u tried 2 cross/ Evry gun u evr held went off/ Ohh & Im .. Just waitin til the firing stops . \ " ~ Coldplay ' Lost '" 
Football game was good . Prayin for the ref that was hurt . 
Well today stunk but tomorrow should be awesome . Wontbe in C'Ville all day but will be havin a blast 
Sleep is slow to come when you are pysched about the day that will come with morning's light . 
needs an xray i cannot afford . fell so dumb for always getting hurt . >:( 
hanging with my birth fam = EPIC 
i love my birth family . 
Job interview went well I think :-) I have the most expensive bruise of my life and my thumb is immobilized by a dumb brace >:-( and now I am turning my hair red :) Also , hating this cold rainy day although I know the rain is badly needed :( 
Is now a licensed driver :-D 
Looking up and applying for Home Health Jobs both here and down near my birth fam ... yup that's my day today . 
Needs to get away 
You know it's Homecoming at the University when Main Street is so crowded that you have to wait 10 minutes to cross . Battle of ' 72 game tonight .... GO INDIANS !!!! BEAT RAMS !!!! Visitimg birth family tomorrow .... can't wait :-) 
Did I hear someone say we're having RAM-chops for dinner ? GO INDIANS !!!! BEAT RAMS !!!! 
VICTORY !!!!! 45-24 Final . CEDARVILLE WINS THE BATTLE OF ' 72 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is thankful for the small things in life . A hot shower on a cold day , hugs , time spent with family , friends , a good meal , clean clothes , a good book , a nice blanket , a couch to sleep on .... the list just keeps going . 
Gotta love catching up on the last four episodes of your favorite new tv show at 2 in the morning 
Am I losing my mind ? ( me)\ 
Nope . it left you a LONG time ago . ( friend .. not namin names ) 
\ROADTRIP ( for a funeral)\ " in qoutations because it is also the name of my amazing new blog that will cover this awesomely crazy weekend trip . :P Departure in T-Minus 9 hours . " 
Just got to illnois . < PROPFEMALE > just took over driving for me . We are doin great 
Now in iowa . To follow this trip and my random thoughts along the way visit my new blog www.roadtripforafuneral.blogspot.com now it is sleep time . 
Nebraska seems to never end . www.roadtripforafuneral.blogspot.com 
970 < PROPMALE > to go by tomorrow morning . We got this . Finally in Wyoming . 
WE MADE IT ! I am so lookin forward to swimming and then a shower before headin back on the road to Ohio . 
On the road again . Cant wait to be back in Ohio . At least I got to see Multinoma Falls before we left . Hope to be back in Ohio by 530p tomorrow . 
I love Ohio . So good to be home . That was the absolute craziest trip ever . 5000 < PROPMALE > in 4.5 days accomplished . 
Well , I now have a job interview scheduled at Heartland of Kettering on Friday at 2pm . Highlight of my week ? Prolly . 
Broken I run to you for your arms are open wide . I am weary but I know your touch restores my life ... Daddy here I am again . Will you take me back tonight ? Went and made the world my friend , and it left me high and dry . I drag your name back through the mud that you first sound me in . Not worthy to be called you daughter , is this to be my end ? Daddy here I am . 
Turning back toward the path I had forgotten . The path of life and joy and hope . Back to God . Back to my loving Daddy . Back to LIFE . 
Back to LOVE . Back to LIFE . Back to WALKING with JESUS by my side . 
Got myself a TWLOHA bracelet as an extra reminder to keep up the good fight and that i am not alone . Today is day 11 . 
Several new posts up on my blog . Check it out at smalltownwisher.blogspot.com 
If anyone cares to find me or wants to have company while studying ( I am doing some work also ) or just feels like hanging ... I will be in the lower level of the library for the next couple of hours .... sitting in the far back corner overlooking the lake and DMC . 
how did we meet ( copy this to your status and see what people remember ) 
I have a lot on my plate right now so I apologize in advance if I come across as distant , depressed , moody , or absent-minded today because I probably am . Working out housing right now as well as doing a lot of thinking and soul searching . 
WHY ? Why must there be things like cancer and death and pain ? Why ? 
Gettin ready to head down to Cincinnati to be with my family . I feel like I am needed there more than here right now which is why I am going . Prayers are appreciated .... especially for my dad , that he will get better . 
With my family . Got to see my dad for a few minutes this afternoon . Will prolly be going back tomorrow . 
Dad is doin ok . He is still on a ventilator and they ( the dr's ) removed a lot of junk from his lungs this morning . He is still highly sedated and can't talk to us . I will be going over to see him again later . Will be home ( cedarville ) late tomorrow night . 
Qoute of the day : \Even if you look like your mother you're still a good kid . \ " Thank you Aunt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Its 3:30 AM . Just headin to bed . Goodnight . 
Now has lime green fingernails AND lime green skeleton earrings :) 
Headin to the hospital to see Dad and then headin home . 
Daddy , I love you . We didnt have enough time together . It isnt fair . I love you Daddy . I love you . RIP . Love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Today went from bad to worse . Started with finding out my dad passed away and ended with a trip to the hospital because I dislocated my kneecap . In a lot of pain right now . Going to take a pain pill and then go to bed . Thanks everyone for your prayers . :) I am okay . Seriously . 
still in a lot of pain . RIP Daddy 
So not liking this whole wheelchair and crutches thing . Hoping to be just crutches by tomorrow . Dont wanna get up but gotta . Thank God for Vicodin . 
Needs a place to stay TONIGHT and possibly for a few days . If you can help or know someone who can CALL or TXT me at 937 478 1540 . Thanks 
I now realize why I go as long as I can tolerate without pain meds . I am about as high as a kite and loopier than a preteen girl at a < PROPFIRST > Bieber concert . :-P 
Headin to Dads funeral . 
Miss you so much Daddy . Had a drink in your honor at the graveside . You really liked some strong stuff . I love you . RIP . We didnt have near enough time together but I will never forget these past 3 months and how much they have meant to me . I love you so much Daddy . Love your < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Goddammit . Why did he have to go ? Seriously , after so long spent searching .... to know him for only 3 months . Why the hell couldn't he have gotten better ? Why couldn't a certain asshole sitting in Belmont Correctional have died instead ? Life is a < PROPMALE > bitch and I am sick of it . Sick of the pain and heartache and all the shit . Sick of crying . RIP Daddy . 
I feel so lost . I just want my daddy back . I just want this to all have been a bad dream and daddy to be alive and healthy ... no cancer , no pneumonia . I just want life to be ok and not hurt so bad . I just want a huge hug from my dad . RIP Daddy ( 2/12/69-10/24/10 ) . I <3 you . 
My world is still reeling . Can the pain please end and everything be ok ? Please ? :-( 
Offically the last day of my cell phone . I shall be unconnected this time tomorrow . Still no word from home for life and still hurting so bad . 
Hoping I can make it to fusion tonight . 
Crazy Train was playin at Subway tonight . I remembered how much Daddy liked Ozzy and I wanted to cry . Its been a week but it still hurts so bad . I want my Daddy back . RIP Daddy . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be \ 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . In loving memory of my Daddy , < PROPFIRST > W . < PROPMALE > ( 2/12/69-10/24/10 ) I love you Daddy . RIP . 
Well this is possibly ( most likely ) goodbye Cedarville . It looks like tomorrow I will be moving to < PROPMALE > , Ohio . 
Hates how stuff always seems to fall through . I can't enter the program in < PROPMALE > until my knee is fully healed . :( 
WE ( REPUBLICANS ) WON OHIO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Senate : Portman . House(district 7 ): Austria . Governor : Kasich . This is with 86% of polls reporting 
Just wants to walk without any assistance and get around with no pain . Stupid knee injury . 
Where was God in the horrors of my past ? Where was he in the pain ? Where is he in the scars ? Where is God when I cry myself to sleep ? Where is he when I just want to throw in the towel and quit ? Where is God in the middle of the nightmare ? Where is he ? Because it sure isn't here . 
I AM a poet writing of my pain . I AM a person living in shame . I AM your daughter hiding her depression . I AM your sister making a good impression . I AM your friend pretending I'm fine . I AM a wisher wishing this wasn't mine . I AM a girl thinking about suicide . I AM a teenager pushing her tears aside . I AM the girl next to you asking you to care . I AM your best friend hoping you'll be there . 
I guess I have no choice but to thank God for the miracle that just occured . The department of Job and Family Services who usually take forever to do things approved my Medicaid after just 2 DAYS ! I get to see the surgeon tomorrow after all ! 
Good news : I don't need surgery , I will be completely off crutches in 5 days , I got a new smaller brace , I'm WALKING ! :-D Bad news : I need 6 weeks of intensive physical therapy . :-( 
Walked a little too much I guess because my knee is definitely a bit sore . Maybe I should go a bit slower . 3 days until my crutches go goodbye forever . 
Today is TWLOHA day . It is also a day of celebration for me . Today is Day 31 in my battle to break free from self harm . 1 month free on TWLOHA day . Totally unplanned ... totally awesome . 
Walked across town . 
Good friends are like bras , they are supportive , never leave you hanging , make you look good and are always close to your heart . 
What can be swallowed but also swallow you ? Answer if you can . 
Wow . While cleaning up facebook I went from 383 friends down to 252 . 
Just got \home\ " . Headed to bed . Hopefully will be awake in time to go to chapel but will have to wait and see what happens . Namely how long I sleep . " 
Today marks 11 years that I have lived in Cedarville . 
God is there where you think he wont come to well thats where he'll be waiting for you . God is there in the middle of your night . In every single moment in every single life . Hes reachin for you right where you are . The God of the impossible is never very far . Imagine a place he would never be . God is there . 
Some days are a lot harder than others . Grief is a curious thing . 
Physical therapy went good today . I now have a set of six exercises to do twice a day 15x each .... and they are all painful :-( However , I was told that I have been healing well and can slowly ( very short distances ) start walking without my brace :-) 
Hoy en día se perfila a ser bastante productiva pero agotadora 
Headed to spend Thanksgiving in New York with two of my awesome friends . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for allowing me too come and have Thanksgiving with your family . 
Sleeping in a bed with Pocahontas sheets . Totally not typical for me . However it is totally cool . Best disney < PROPFEMALE > ever just sayin 
< PROPMALE > Potter 7 with @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his awesome sibs . 
ITS SNOWING ! 
COME ON MICHIGAN ! YOU CALL THAT FOOTBALL ? 
Headed back to Ohio 
Home 
\Dont asexuate me . \ " Thank you Mrs < PROPMALE > for that . " 
Well I dont really know what to say . Goodbye seems proper but not really . Ugh I dont care . Take this however you please 
I will see you soon enough Daddy and < PROPFIRST > . RIP until then . 
I feel like just saying goodbye to everyone and checking out . Why I feel this way is simple .... I am sick of hurting and I want to be with my Daddy and everyone else I have lost . I want to be in a place where I won't hurt anymore and where everything will be okay . I want to be in a place where I am at peace 
I know I am loved . I know people care . I know I would be missed . But honestly saying goodbye seems the only way to finally end this pain that has been inside me for so long . It seems the only way to finally be free from my past , emotions that haunt me , pain that fills me , the loneliness I can't express , the emptiness that consumes me . It seems goodbye is the only way to finally find peace . I'm not saying goodbye yet . 
I am still here . Still fighting . Still struggling to stay strong . But I am still here . 
Today is a little better . Still here :) 
Just an FYI for anyone who cares ... my relationship status reflects what is going on in my heart . I am not currently in an actual relationship with anyone . Sorry for any confusion this may have caused . Thanks for understanding . 
Do not try and contact me via text or calls . My phone is no longer operational . Sorry . 
Help STOP CHILD ABUSE ! Show your support for the fight to stop child abuse by changing your FB profile pic to a favorite cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to see NO HUMAN pictures until Monday the 6th . 
Never thought I would say this but I am looking forward to church and doing laundry tonight . 
going blue ... my hair that is . 
\How did I get here ? I'm not who I once was . And I'm crippled by the fear \ 
Well , step one ( bleaching ) of my hair is done . Depending how it looks , I may just keep my hair the bleached streaks instead of dying it blue . 
Ok , so my hair is blue ... not a in your face blue but more like a deep indigo with hints of black type blue . Also , it is really pretty outside in the snow if you can stand the bitter cold . :) I love riding my bike in the falling snow at 1am with no one else around ... it just feels magical . 
... If I scream , would you listen ? If I cry , would you offer a shoulder ? If I died tonight , would you miss me ? Would your life be better if I were not in it ??? 
WANTED : 20 people to play < PROPMALE > Polo at Walmart in < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow(Thursday ) at 7pm . I can give 3 people a ride . Message me or comment below if you are coming . I am DEAD SERIOUS . Be there or Be square 
Grief is an emotion like no other . You think it's gone away .. think you're doing SO good , and then it taps you on the shoulder when you least expect it .. 
I absolutely love my brother unit . Way to go < PROPMALE>'s Hall with your amazing castle . You all rock . 
hanging with my friends . 
I'm loud , opinionated , independent , a little girlie , a little tomboyish . I swear worse than a drunken sailor and make smart comments . Take it or leave it . 
I'm confused ... very confused .. on the verge of being so massively confused that her head might explode in a epic battle of my confusion and my sanity .. 
Sometimes ... you've got to be hurt before you can move on . And that makes you stronger . But at other times ... you get hurt ... and you can never trust again . 
Going to go do laundry and bake cookies . Match made in heaven for time being well spent ? I think so . 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > pack and getting super-pstched to go to NY tomorrow for christmas break . Spending break with friends you love ? PRICELESS . I <3 you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Enjoying the holidays with @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and thier awesome family in Mexico , New York . Also sporting an awesome new haircut that is boyishly short but awesomely feminine and girlish . I am also back to my natural hair color ( finally ) . Will only be on here sporadically at best over break so I wish everyone of my friends a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year . Love ya all 
Lovin the snow and the fellowship with friends here in chilly Mexico , New York . This is the last week before my return to the hubbub that is Cedarville , Ohio . 
Updating my MP3 player and getting very frustrated at it . also , preparing for a very busy final few days here in Mexico , NY . So many things I need to do before and immediately upon returning to Cedarville , OH . I can't wait to be home and see all my friends after an awesome break . 
will be back in ohio tomorrow 
I am back in Ohio . Now to figure out life . 
my phone is back through feburary 9th . :) now to pay the post office for my PO Box tomorrow and figure out housing and i will be good .... for now at least . 
still tryin to figure everything out . top priority is housing followed by getting a job and transportation . why must life be so screwed up ? 
Figuring out life sucks . My priorities still stand though . 1-Housing 2-Job 3-Transportation . Guess we'll see how everything works out 
prayers are appreciated right now . cant elaborate 
</3 my heart is so broken right now . i just want to cry but i know it wont help anything . wish there was more i can do but i realize there is not . i've never felt pain like this before , not even when my adoptive mom or stepdad died . will be back in cedarville as soon as i am composed enough again to drive . please pray for me and my sister < PROPFIRST > 
please continue to pray for my sister < PROPFIRST > . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Duckett . AKA Mom . I cant believe its really been 5 years since I lost you . I miss you so much and wish you were here to help me know what to do . I love you so much mommy . I hope that you are proud of me when you look down from up there . 
In loving Memory of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Duckett ( 6/7/1956-1/17/2006 ) . I love and miss you Mommy . 
Please continue to keep my sister < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers . It is a very difficult situation and I know she is confused as to what to do . Also , please continue to pray for me as well . This whole thing with < PROPFEMALE > and some other HUGE decisions that I need to make are putting me under a lot of stress and heartache and I really just need wisdom and strength right now . Thanks . 
Here comes the rain again falling from the stars . Drenched in my pain again becoming who we are ... wake me up when september ends . 
Stranded at the Lebanon walmart . < PROPFIRST > Gray is coming to my rescue . < PROPFIRST > Simic will get his car back tomorrow . 
HOME 
i got so much on my mind and i am feeling really overwhelmed and depressed and it is all intensified by the fact that i messed up and self harmed twice this weekend after doing so well at staying strong . and then i do such a good job at faking that everything is alright and it totally isnt . why cant i be real ? why cant i be ok ? God , may i ask what you're up too right now ... what you're doing with my life ? 
it's not about how many times you've been knocked down ... it's about finding the strength to get back up ... make the change and move on , even when you're afraid 
When it seems life has dealt you only bad cards , remember this : Life isn't about playing a good hand . Life is about playing a poor hand well . 
<-- OMG !!! THAT'S MY NAME ! I\M TOTALLY AWESOME ! PEACE OUT . " 
everyone wants to be happy , no one wants to be in pain , but we can never have a rainbow without a little rain 
Pulling donuts . Drifting curves . Watching deer . Blaring country music . Sparring . And just plain enjoying time spent together with a good friend on a snowy night in Yellow Springs is what memories and good times are made of . Thank you @ < PROPFIRST > Gray for the wonderful night and for allowing me to share your house with you . :-) Peace out and goodnight . 
chillin with my wacky but wonderfully awesome family . i totally <3 them and i have facebook to thank for making it possible for me to have them in my life now . will be back in the ' Ville later on tonight . 
Why is it that when we want to tell someone there's something the matter with us .. and then they ask , we always say \nothing \"?" 
People keep trying to get me to come to either the dark side or the light side . Personally , I don't see the allure of belonging to one or the other . You have the most fun when you are a person in the shadows . Flitting between the dark and light as you please or just remaining pleasantly content to stay within the freedom of the shadows . 
Starting on tuesday i will not be on for the next 40 days . 
Edit to my previous post . I will not be on facebook for the next 40 days . Thanks in advance for understanding . You can always email me or try my phone ( as long as I can keep it running ... ) . See you in 40 days . 
Couldn't stay off . Have to keep in touch with family somehow . 
Women are angels ; and when someone breaks our wings , our spirit , or our hearts we simply continue to fly on a broom stick . We are flexible like that 
Chillin with my family . Hopefully will be able to make it to All Nations Bible Fellowship tomorrow . Not really sure if I will . Still need to find a place to stay this week . 
Sleeping in a toddlers racecar bed . Priceless ... and cramped . At least I am with family . Will work on housing for this week tomorrow . Goodnight friends . 
Still looking for a place to stay tonight and for the next couple of days . If anyone knows a place I can stay or can help me out please let me know . 9374781540 . Call or text . 
Super Bowl Prediction .... 27-14 Steelers . 
me and my ( not so ) little sister becoming roomates ? yeah .. it looks like it just might be happening soon 
has finally discovered that my greatest fear isn't being alone .. its being vulnerable . 
The day you take complete responsibility for yourself , the day you stop making any excuses , that's the day you start moving down the road to success . 
Really need a place to stay tonight and for the next few days . If anyone knows a place can you please call or text me ? 937 478 1540 
So I still need a place to stay tonight and for the next few nights . If you or someone you know can help me out please let me know . Thanks . 937 478 1540 you can call or text 
Todo el mundo dice que el amor duele , pero eso no es < PROPFEMALE > verdadera lastima rechazo duele perder a alguien duele envidia duele Todo el mundo se las confunde con el amor . 
Still lookin for a place . 
found a place 
Dear facebook , why must you bring up his name right when i get on sayin his birthday is today and reminding me that he is gone ? RIP Daddy . I miss you . Also < PROPFEMALE > to let all my cedarville friends know i miss them too . My heart hurts today . 
Dear facebook , why must you bring up his name right when i get on sayin his birthday is today and reminding me that he is gone ? RIP Daddy . I miss you . My heart hurts today . Also , dear Cedarville friends ... I miss you all too . Please text me . 
Fruity Pebbles and Smirnoff Ice for dinner followed by playing a hunting game on wii and creating a mii that looks like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Best night in a while ? You betcha . 
Break away from everybody . Break away from everything . If you cant stand the way this place is take yourself to higher places . 
Just updated my address so all my Cedarville friends can write me . Address is subject to change in the next week or so but my aunt and mom always get stuff to me . Thanks and please do write . I miss you all something awful . 
applying for jobs and praying Kimmie and i get an apartment soon . 
Will be seeing all my Cedarville friends tonight/tomorrow . Will be in town to wrap up some stuff . Unfortunately I can't wrap up everything yet so I will be back again in the next week or so .. basically as soon as Kimmie and I have our apartment . 
God was with me today . All I did was turn in a job app at Wendys and the manager saw that I had attended Cedarville then said her sister went there . She then told me to come back Monday at 230 for an interview . God is so very good . 
I like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly . Its hard to say that id rather stay cycle when im asleep . Cuz everything is never as it seems . 
Do you know what its like when you're scared to see yourself . Do you know what its like when you wish you were someone else who didn't need your help to get by . Do you know what its like to wanna surrender . I don't wanna feel like this tomorrow . I don't wanna live like this today . Make me feel better . I wanna feel better . Stay with me here now and never surrender . 
is addicted to a new anti depressant called FUKITOL 
Sometimes the scars on the skin are small representations of the deeper ones that < PROPFIRST > the soul . 
Headed to my interview . 
Waiting to hear when my second interview will be . Yes I got a second interview . 
Did really good at my < PROPFEMALE>'s interview today and am now waiting to see when my 2nd interview with them will be scheduled . I also have an interview with Tractor Supply on Wednesday at 2 . I am STOKED ! 
Applied 4 apt 2day should hear back 2morrow if we r approved or not tentative move n date is Fri . I have a interview w/Tractor Supply at 2pm 2morrow & a interview w/Speedway at 2:30 pm on Thurs . Still waitin on 2nd interview w/Wendys Sold my bike ( thx < PROPFEMALE > Shuck ) Now need 2 figure out how 2 borrow a sm truck/suv/minivan 2 move my stuff & get a few apt necessities ( furniture , dishes , cleanin stuff , etc ) . 
Interview with Tractor Supply at 2 . Prayers appreciated 
I GOT THE JOB !!!!!!!! I am now an employee of Tractor Supply Company in Batavia , Ohio . I just have to pass my drug test tomorrow ( no problem there ) and I start work at 4pm on Tuesday . Hallelujah , thanks you so much God . 
I know the Bible says to turn the other cheek , but right now I think Jesus would hold my jacket for me while I kick your A ** . Amen . 
doing laundry and looking for a vehicle . today looks like it will be somewhat productive . 
In Cedarville until Monday . Still looking for a vehicle . Hopefully I will get one because I really need to be able to get to work . :) 
I have made offers on 15 different vehicles . Now just waiting to hear back from them all . Most promising one thus far is from Richmond , IN and the guy is USAF so i trust him . Guess we will see :) 
still looking for a car . 
Does anybody know of a car for sale that cost no more than 300 . It just needs to get me from a to b . No need for it too be pretty and i need it by tomorrow 
Dear Lord , i trust that you will provide what i need . Help me not stress out too much about finding a vehicle and housing . thank you so much for blessing me beyond what I deserve by providing a job . 
Possibly found a vehicle . Its a 93 Jeep Grand Cherokee . Have to go to Canton , Oh to see it though . Hopefully , < PROPFEMALE > is cool with going that far . 
On my way to < PROPMALE > . 
Well , looks like I'm not getting a vehicle just yet but that is ok because I am already blessed by God far beyond anything I could ever have imagined or deserve . Thank you Lord for your amazing and miraculous provision . 
Finishing laundry then jumping in the shower before work . Excited to get started at Tractor Supply today . 
Today went good at work . Going to bed now . Work from 10 until 6 tomorrow 
I love work so far . At lunch right now then back to work until 6 . 
Work was good today . I an fairly confident on the register now . Looking forward to a long hot bath soon . Work from 11 to 6 tomorrow . 
Work was good . I am getting more confident on the register every shift . I started learning how to unpack frieght today . :) Moving on up in my skills ! Work from 12 to 8:30 tomorrow then I am off until Monday so I can look for a car . 
So , I made my first < PROPMALE > screwup at work today . I was a < PROPFEMALE > short of a huge write up . Policy says 3 times of your drawer being $5 over/under you get fired . Well , my drawer was $4.99 over tonight . :( I have absolutely no clue how that happened . Gonna have to be WAY more careful from here on out . 
Enjoying my weekend . No work until Monday at noon . Well ..... kinda .... today is laundry and errands day . Tomorrow I hope to borrow Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s car for church and then we are painting . 
Happy moment -- praise God . Difficult moment -- seek God . Quiet moment -- worship God . Painful momen t--t rust God . Every momen t--t hank God :) 
Got my nose pierced and I absolutely LOVE it . My mom said it was scary watching me because I was so pale . 
Visited First Baptist Church of < PROPMALE > today . Service was great and the people were really friendly but I felt like I was out of place because it seemed like I was the only woman in pants and the most pierced/tattooed person there and the music was all old hymns I never heard or < PROPFIRST > before . I miss ANBF and Fusion . 
Work til 830 . Already tired . 
Well , I am off work tomorrow and Thursday .... and I have plans ... do I ever have plans . Also , I was a little upset to see that I am scheduled to work the next 2 Sundays and therefore will not be able to attend church :( 
Got my state refund today . Will be going to Walmart later to cash it and then will open a bank account so my pay can be direct deposited starting this next pay period . That way I can track my spending better than with a dumb \paycard \"." 
Headed to the bank and then on to work . Work from 12- 8:30 today . Txt me later ( as in after wrk LOL ) . 
Enjoyin my day off by fillin out apt app , settin up online banking ( and direct deposit 4 my pay 2morrow ) , car shoppin via craigslist ( mommy said she will look while i am @ wrk 2morrow an after wrk 2 ) , prayin my fed return comes so I can afford car , and lookin 4ward 2 payday 2morrow ( even though I have 2 deal w/ dumb ' paycard ' .. kinda like a debit card ... i don't like it .. can't wait 4 direct deposit ) 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn . Thats alright because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry . Thats alright because I love the way you lie . I love the way you lie . 
Looks like I have tonsilitious . Will know for sure tomorrow . A least my fever is good for now . Still cant swallow very well 
headed to the Dr. :( Hopefully this thing will get taken care of quickly . I hate missing work . 
So its been confirmed that I have Tonsilitus . Now I have to deal with some really strong antibiotics . Took today and tomorrow off work . Will hopefully go back on Monday . Doctor said it should all be behind me in two weeks . 
Headache , nausea , and fever come and go but the swollen and very sore throat remain . These antibiotics need to start working fast . I have work tomorrow and I told my boss I would be there . I plan to keep my word . 
Back to work tomorrow . :-D I am super excited ... however I am def still sick but improving tremendously . No fever today and my throat isn't as sore as it has been but it is still sore . Hopefully I will be able to pull off my entire 8 hour shift . 
Headed to work . Hopefully will be able to make it through my full eight hour shift without an issue 
Sometimes the easiest path leads to heartache , abuse , and lifelong scars . Other times these are the paths we find ourselves inexplicably running back to . Sometimes the less desirable and harder paths to take are the ones we most need to travel . So I an going to break free of the paths that have left me scarred and broken and instead travel the path that will make me free and strong . 
Went down to see the Ohio River floodwaters . Let's just say they were awesome . However , we also went through my old town of New Richmond . That was not so awesome . Lots of memories there and not all of them are good . Actually a lot of them are kinds painful . Work tomorrow from 8- 4:30 . Can't wait :P 
Day off today . Loving the weather . Will def be spending some time outside today . 
working in the garden with my mom and aunt makes for some really fun times once you look past the flying worms and dirt wars . :) I love my family . 
Shower then work from noon until eight thirty . Of course I would be stuck inside on one of the nicest days . 
So today only started out nice . I an thankful I was stuck inside . 
Enjoying the absolutely beautiful weather outside on my day off . Headed to Meijer soon after mom and I look at the brake system on the car . Kimmie and I should be moving into our own apartment by the < PROPMALE > of next week . I love my family . :) 
Only GOD can turn a MESS into a MESSage , a TEST into a TESTimony , a TRIAL into a TRIumph , a VICTIM into a VICTory . GOD is GOOD ... all the time ! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . ? RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I <3 you and miss you Daddy . 
Headed to work . Long day today .... 12- 8:30 . And its beautiful outside :( Of course . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now . 
So very ready for this three day weekend I am blessed to have . Finally will get some chillax time to just breathe and < PROPFEMALE > with some very amazing people that I havent seen for way too long . :-) Let the weekend begin ! :-) 
For a limited time only ! I am in Cedarville :) 
Sign the lease for our apartment on Wednesday ( at least Kimmie will ... I work ) then hopefuly move in Thursday or Friday . 
Nothing better than relaxing in a warm bath with a tall drink after a long day . Work tomorrow . Moving day hopefully Thursday . Time for journaling then bed . 
Moving day tomorrow . I am so flippin stressed over it all . Guess I will finish figurin it out tomorrow when I sign the lease and get the key . GOODNIGHT dear facebook friends and family 
Enjoying the first dinner in my new apartment . Beef stroginoff and salad . Delicious . 
Pretty much all moved in . I an so totally ready for bed . My headphones and air mattress beckon . Work tomorrow from 11 to 6 . Then possibly to pick up a few last things we need until we can go to the done pantry and apply for done stamps and I cant wait until we get our bunk bed . Payday cant come fast enough . Hopefully get my tax check soon so I get a car . Bein an adult is so complicated . 
Headed to bed . Work 8-4 tomorrow . Them laundry to do and food to cook and other random grownup tasks to complete . Its gonna be a long day :-{ 
Feels good to have a \real\ " bed . Still on air mattresses but we now have bed frames :-) And underbed storage space is a real plus . YES to all the moms out there ... we put our junk under the bed . Deal with it . " 
Dislike rainy Saturdays but I look forward to spending the day with my family since I don't have to work . Quality time with the whole family is so rare these days so I am thankful for each and every time I get to see them . :) 
Questioning myself and life pretty majorly right now . Alas , I have work in the morning and must get to sleep . Guess the time for questioning must wait until tomorrow evening . This is not fun in the least . :-| 
Conflicted . 
Who I am hates who I've been but who I am also hates who I am . Because who I am is not who I say I am and who I am is not worthy to be grouped among the fellowship of Christ . I am a failure and I am deeply ashamed and broken . 
Hates being super jumpy everytime someone knocks on my door and always watching my back and checking the licence plates on every white work < PROPFIRST > I see now . Stupid creeper who lives downstairs . 
Struggles are required in order to survive in life because in order to stand up , you gotta know what falling down is like . 
Accidentally in LOVE . :-) 
Really need to get a place of my own without my sister around . I swear I an done . Cant do this anymore . 
His name is < PROPFIRST > and I am accidentally in LOVE . However it is an accident I am happy about . <3 
I so very much like having a boyfriend who I have so much in common with and who is as crazy about me as I am about him . <3 
Thank you to my awesome discipleship group sisters . You all are a great blessing and encouragement to me . I love you all . 
Its the Friday before my 21st birthday and I an spending it at home cleaning and doing laundry instead of with my friends in Cedarville like I want to . Life bites sometimes but at least today will be productive . :-P 
Watching a friend get a kick ass tattoo while working up the courage to get one done myself . And yes its 1:45 in the morning . LOL . Life is great . 
It is 3 something in the morning and we are finally starting on what will probably be a 2 to 3 hour tattoo job . I am completely crazy 
6AM and my tattoo is still a work in progress . outline is done . Now for color and shading 
8:20 ish and my tattoo is finally done . 4 hours of work 
Only a few hours until I turn 21 and I am not really excited at all . I am actually kinda really sad . I miss my daddy so much . And my birthday marks 6 months that he has been gone . Rest in Peace Daddy . I love you . 
Happy Birthday to me ! I am now 21 and legal . :-) Happy Easter to everyone as well . And Daddy , I miss you and wish you were here . I will come visit you later . I promise . 
Thanks Everyone for the awesome Birthday and Easter wishes . I love all my friends ad family :) 
I tear my heart open . I sew myself shut . My weakness is that I care too much . My scars remind me that the past is real . I tear my heart open just to feel . 
Thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes . My day was great . Will be going to the hospital in the morning most likely . Stupid knee . I dislocated it fully and popped it back in twice in the last two hours 
On crutches . This sucks . :-( 
Waiting on the world to change just doesnt work . 
Chillin at my boyfriends apartment until work . Work from 12-9 on crutches ... This will be very interesting . 
Please pray for my friend < PROPFEMALE > s fiancee < PROPMALE > . We had to rush him to the hospital around 3:30 am for alcohol poisening . Also pray for < PROPFEMALE > as she just found out she is pregnant . 
Spending a long awaited night with my journal , a tall refreshing drink , and a box of tissues . Yes tonight will be the first time in a long time I an just going to let myself feel everything I have been bottling up inside . Thank God I an broker than a joke so I cant get beer or razors . Its gonna be a long night . 
Woke up around 1:30 . Had a talk with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Ate some pizza and now doing laundry and taking a walk to Krogers and back . Today is looking better than last night . 
I love those rare days I have completely to myself . Like today for instance . 
If you want to know my beliefs and opinions when it comes to Christianity and life in general check out my blog . www.smalltownwisher.blogspot.com 
I am so stupid . 
Never realised before how much the first season of glee seems to fit my life right now . 
Looks like my second night in a row of no sleep . There is no way I an going to make it thru my 8.5 hour shift tomorrow . I an exhausted and i nervous wreck . I still have a good amount of alcohol , ice cream , and tissues left so I might as well drown away the hurt and make the most of my night . 
Thank you @ < PROPFIRST > Moughon for stopping by to see me on your way home from school . It was great to see a friend today . Thanks for the lift to work as well . :-) 
To all my awesome friends who are Cedarville University Seniors and who are graduating .... I love you and wish you all the best . Wish I could be there to watch you graduate and to give you all a congratulations hug ... but we can't always get what we want so this will have to suffice . I hope God blesses you all richly no matter what direction your next step in life takes you . <3 
Work sucks today . ABSOLUTE INSANITY 
So thankful to spend time with some dear friends in the cedarville area yesterday . Special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Rempel for making it possible by providing transportation 
holdin on for another day or two 
Proud owner of a 2000 Plymouth Grand Voyager 
Doing a months worth of laundry tonight because i finally got enough quarters and could actually get to the laundrymat without someone else having to take me . I love my < PROPFIRST > . 
Listening to Lecrae's Rehab cd . It is kinda therapuetic . Reminds me of all my awesome friends . 
Headed to bed . Church in a few hours . Still debating if I will be going to All Nations Bible Fellowship and pray that God will provide the money for gas or if I will attend a church down here . 
So nervous . Havent been to church in so long and now I am going to a completely new church where I know nobody and have no clue what to expect . This is so crazy . God , if you still care to talk to me and be with me , please quiet my nerves and doubts . 
\And there's always scars when you fall that far . We lose our way we get back up again . Never to late to get back up again . One day you gonna shine again . May be knocked down but not out forever . \ " Tonight my fight begins once again . I fell down hard but I am not stayin on my ass . I is gettin up and fightin . " 
Layin in bed too scared to sleep because my mom said she is sending my dad and grandma to see me tonight . I dont believe in ghosts because I havent seen them . Dont wanna find out they are real tonight because dad and grandma would come angry because I have been very dumb lately . Unfortunately I have to sleep or I will never make it through my shift at work tomorrow . DAMN IT :-( 
Is it too much to want a man to hold me when I cry and when I just feel like cuddling ? Is it too much to want a guy to love ? Someone to care for me and lead me in faith and life ? I hate being single . 
Hoping to be in Cedarville tomorrow . Just need to find 15 to 20 dollars more for gas so I can make it there AND back . Because I can definitely get there . Home is a diff story . 
Goodnight world . See you in a few short hours when I must awaken and get ready for a much needed day off ... after I make the hour and a half drive to my destination of choice . Cedarville HERE I COME !!! 
Are you in ctown and want to see me ? Call or text me and let me know 
Forgot how amazing it is to just drive through the country with the windows down . Add a few hours of cuttin grass and huge amounts of time spent with dearly loved friends in a town and environment you sorely miss . When you throw in the sunshine and warm weather and you have an absolutely perfect day . Long drive too accomplish this perfection included . 
Spending my day off cleaning and rearranging my apartment . Then I gotta do laundry . Friends coming over for dinner tonight and Glee reruns will help wrap the day up nicely . 
Enjoyed spending quality time with a very special friend tonight . Just got home and now time for sleep . Work 8 to 4:30 tomorrow . 
goin ghost hunting/haunted ohio site visiting tonight . so flippin stoked 
< PROPFEMALE > 93.3 ROCKS ! 
I dont givea damn bout nuthin no more . Jus wanna curl up unda a rock sumplace an shoot anybody come an disturb me . Stupid mother fuckers surroundin me everywheres . Bless Thier Hearts 
Went swimming at East Fork State Park after work today . Forgot how cold lakes are . Lol . Work from 11 to 6:30 tomorrow . Hopefully it is a good day . Still have so much on my mind . I really wish I could take a few days off to work out my mental health stuff and find a second job . Being a grownup sucks 
payday seems so far away when you got bills that are due today :P once again , grownup life sucks 
Getting my tags for my car 
Work from 8 to 4:30 
Had a long day 
Blonde 
Blonde , < PROPFEMALE > Red , < PROPFEMALE > Reddish Purple , and Blue . My new hair colors . Yes my hair is multiple colors at once . I LOVE IT ! Going to bed now . Family time tomorrow . Also doctors tomorrow . Busy day and I dont bother to go to bed until 4 something in the morning . I an freaking brilliant 
So I just totally realized that M&Ms are racist today . I mean think about it . Have you EVER seen a character for the Brown M&M ? No ! You see Blue , Red , Yellow , and Green all the time but NEVER Brown . 
Doctor in few hours them work from five to close 
Sittin at the doctor . Why must they always take so long 
Apparently it aint meant to ever be . Might as well give up now and save myself from additional pain . I an only 21 . Its not fair . The asshole who is my birth father will pay . He will pay indeed 
Im tired of bein what u want me 2 b/Feelin so faithless/Lost under the surface/I dont kno waht ur expectin of me/Put under the pressure of walkin in ur shoes ... Evry step that I take is another mistake 2 u ... Ive become so numb/I cant feel u there/Become so tired/So much more aware/Im becomin this/All I wanna do/Is b more like me/And b less like u 
it was so good to see my awesome friends < PROPMALE > Herting . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > last night . You all blessed me more than you could know . I LOVE YOU 
Mommy are you on here ? I need you so please message me asap 
Gonna prolly be @ All Nations Bible Fellowship in Dayton for church tomorrow 
Caught a 5foot long Black Rat snake at Dads gravesite today . It is fuckin awesome . Now to Feesburg to deliver it to its new home . 
Work til eight thirty them bed and kings island tomorrow 
Just got off work . Bed then Kings Island in the mornin 
Rearranging my apartment . Hopefully this will be the last fucking time I will have to do this . Got it about half done . Headed to bed . Will finish it after Kings Island tomorrow . I really need tomorrow to happen or else I am gonna blow up from all the stress and frustration in my life . 
Kings Island was AWESOME and the stress release it provided was much needed . Bed now and work from eight to four tomorrow . 
Standing in walmart debating hair color since i have to in back to a solid color and a somewhat normal color . What color should i do 
Caddyshack has got to be one of the funniest and dumbest movies ever . However ... I loved it 
Don't know how I feel about everything right now . I really wish my head and my heart would agree on God and trust and life 
Goin to bed . Work all weekend . Plus i gotta pay all my billsand get my phone working again . Goodnight world 
Daddy , I miss you everyday but today is especially hard . I have to work until 6:30 tonight but I will do my best to come see you after . Happy Fathers Day . I love you so much . RIP .. Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
I really dont give a flying fuck about you or what you think anymore because you obviously dont give a shit about me and i wonder if you ever really did . You know who you are and you can fuck off and go to someone who cares . 
you all really need to check out < PROPFEMALE > 93.3 on here ! 
Doing so much quashing of emotion because I have neither the time nor the energy to sort through and deal with it all . 
Enjoyed myself @ Saint < PROPFEMALE > Catholic Church's festival tonight . It last 2 more nights and is right next door so good times if I can get a few dollars . Booze and gamblin every way you turn . Hell yeah , I'm here for the party . Goin to bed . Work tomorrow . 
Called in 4 hours early to work and excited about the extra hours ? Yup , that would be me . Lol . Work from 12:30 til 8:30 then another roind of the St. V Festival tonight . 
Does anybody hear her ? Can anybody see ? Does anybody even know shes going down today ? 
Work til 6:30 . Grrr . 
It would be my luck that my < PROPFIRST > would break down so I can't get to work . >:-( So now I am stuck at home making pancakes and working on my car so I can go to work on wednesday . 
Seems like I always get hurt the worst when I let myself look \girly & pretty\ " . So you know what ? I am never gonna let myself be \ " pretty\ " again . I am gonna dress in t-shirts and jeans all the time & always have my hair up & always be ready to kick someones ass b/c then maybe I won't get hurt anymore . I am so done with evrythin . Curl up & fuckin die or burn evrythin down & go out fightin in a blaze of revenge & < PROPFEMALE > " 
I feel so powerless . So dirty , so worthless , so DAMAGED . Will I ever feel ok again ? 
Guess I'm not being strong because I am totally sucking at hiding my pain right now . I'm just so angry and upset and I'm beting myself up for what happened . I guess it is my fault anyhow . I didnt defend myself . I didnt fight . I just froze and let it happen . 
www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pSox8OY8mI 
We're like fire and gasoline . I'm no good for you . You're no good for me . We only bring each other tears and sorrow . 
I'm gonna be in the Cedarville area tomorrow . If you are also in the area and wish to see me please call or txt me 
fireworks soon 
Fireworks @ New Richmond were a waste of time . Headed to bed . Work 9-3 tomorrow 
Thinking about converting the closet of our apartment into my room and rearranging the rest of the furniture and draperies to make < PROPFIRST > her own area and still have a common area without it looking like crap and without it being so cramped here 
My back and shoulders are sore from work yesterday . Have today off so I am picking up my mom and cleaning/organizing my apartment . Possibly swimming later then sorting theu all my bills for the hospital and shit I can't pay . It's going to be a loooong day . 
Doe's anyone else think it's odd when someone's voice doesn't match thier looks or isn't what you expected ? Jw . 
Haf a great day with my family . Headed to bed . Work 10-6ish then finishin cleaning the apt . Goodnight world <3 
Prolly gonna take < PROPFIRST > to see mom today and then proceed to spend my day off work hiking in the woods somewhere until I find a nice quiet deserted place to be rotally alone and just think and pray and figure things out . Me time . I'm craving it . 
I really need someone to cover my shift at Tractor Supply on Friday . Please let me know if you can and I will owe you big time . 
Can't wait until I get off work tonight . It's been crazy 
It is waaayyyy too fucking early to be awake . Work from 8-4 . Hoping my powee steering lasts for the drive to work and home again ... stupid leak . Can't wait until Froday so I fix some of my car issues . 
lounging around in boxers , baggy pants , and a miami ink shirt talkin to friends on the phone . Yeah , this is the good life . 
God is so very good to me and I totally don't deserve it . He provided in an amazing way today afrnd it leaves me to wonder why because I have done nothing but turn away from him and blame him and reject him . So why does he still care for me ? 
having a great time @ the < PROPMALE > county fair with < PROPMALE > . Really glad i came instead of givin into nerves and backin out . 
awesome time with < PROPFIRST > last night and today . Work from 4 to close . Feels like I am finally doing something right . 
doing some serious soul searching at Starbucks today . Yeah , that's right I am sitting in starbucks using the free wi-fi and not buying anything . Just enjoying the air conditioning as I sort thru and make sense of a huge tangle of thoughts and emotions 
I may not be so lucky in love but one thing I'm sure of ... I wanna man that stands beside me . Not in front of or behind me . Give me two arms that wanna hold me , not own me , and I'll give all the love in my heart . Stand beside me . Be true , don't tell lies to me . I'm not lookin for a fantasy . I wanna man that stands beside me . 
Looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
Work from 12- 8:30 today . Then hopefully talking to < PROPFIRST > tonight . <3 
Work is absolutely crazy today . I get off at 6:30 then have tomorrow off ... thank goodness . Talkin to < PROPFIRST > later . I am in LOVE ! <3 
Decided I am gonna start blogging again . My blog has been lonely lately . I would love ideas for blog topics ... so if there is a topic you would like me to cover in my blog please let me know . You can check it out at www.smalltownwisher.blogspot.com 
Work from 4- 8:30 tonight . Then talking to < PROPFIRST > later . Seriously cannot wait for the weekend so I can see him . :) 
This weekend seriously cannot come fast enough . 
Can't wait to get off work . It's been a loooonnnngggg day already and I really wanna talk to < PROPFIRST > . <3 
\It's possible to be a good Christian and totally in love with and committed to Christ and still be discouraged and depressed . \ " Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Turning Point " 
Work from 4- 8:30 tonight , then I get to see < PROPMALE > Hodges tonight . I can't wait :) 
I hate when my paycheck is less than I thought it would be . I also hate how it is gone as soon as I get it . I guess that's life as a hard working adult living below poverty level who refuses gov assistance . But I can't complain , I'm making it okay . 
I love spending quality time with the man I love . <3 
Spending the entire day with my loving guy . :) So happy . I also get to see my awesome friend @ < PROPFIRST > Herting and my < PROPMALE > fam today . 
had a rather shitty ending to a practically perfect day . I guess i live in wilmington now and i'm gonna make the best of it . I love < PROPFIRST > 
I have officially reached my breaking point . Thank God I have < PROPFIRST > and my mom to help keep me strong . 
At the drive-in with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . This aleady feels like home . 
Work til 5 then laundry and cleaning house . Long day but i feel its worth it . 
Grocery shopping , cleaning , and turning this house into a love filled home . This is what I call the good life . Can't wait for my loving man to come home this weekend because then this will be the perfect life . 
It's gonna be a looong busy week . I really want to have the house done by the time < PROPFIRST > gets home so I can just greet him with a smile and a kiss and we can just spend time together instead of having to clean . I love him so much and can't wait to see him . 
Huge shoutout and thanks to @ < PROPFEMALE > Caldwell for switching shifts with me tomorrow . You're an awesome friend :) 
The countdown starts .... <3 
Just a few more hours until I get to see my love and be held in his arms <3 
Getting tattooed . I am fucking insane . This horse better be worth it . 
sick .... ugh why do i have to get sick in the middle of summer ? I hate being sick . Goin to the dr 
Just finished watching Taken , now watching Open Season . Ended up not going to the dr because I couldn't find one that was open today . Work tomorrow . Won't get to see < PROPFIRST > until Thursday night . :( 
Just got off work . Headed to mom's where I will be staying thru Thursday . Definitely need a shower . Can't wait til my love gets home . <3 
My mom just called me Easy . Thanks mom , thanks a lot . :P 
Need to write but not really sure how to put my thoughts into words or even where to begin to try and start . 
Ever had one of those times in life when you have a ton on your mind but you don't know how to express any of it ? Don't even know where to start ? Yeah that's me 
Work until 8:30 . Really wish could curl up in a corner and cry . Can't wait til < PROPFIRST > gets home . I need him to hold me tight in his arms . Gotta stay strong . 
needs someone to work for me tonight 4-830 
Can't wait to see him tonight <3 
Had an amazing time with my mom and < PROPFIRST > . I love them both so very muchly . <3 
Can tell it gonna b a LONG wk . My < PROPFIRST > engine light is on , I think I got strep throat , my damn (.) wont stop , I feel like I am hurtin people I love evryday . WTF else can go wrong ? 
Plan for today ... doctor , laundry , straighten up house , take out trash , talk to < PROPFIRST > , and sleep . Sounds like perfect day . 
definity got strep . :( oh well .... shit happens 
Didnt get around to cleaning , trash , or laundry ... oh well . Going to take my bed time meds then off to sleep . Hopefully sleep will make me better faster . 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go . :P 
had a cool time with @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Walriven and @ < PROPMALE > Hodges tonight . So glad my baby is home safe and sound and that we can enjoy hanging with a friend . 
Is today over yet ? I want to go home , eat pizza , drink beer , and watch a movie while snuggled up against < PROPFIRST>'s chest . <3 
Can't wait for work to be over so I can go home to relax and snuggle up to < PROPFIRST > . I love him so much . <3 
Spending all day with < PROPFIRST > in the semi . :) So cool . I love him so very much <3 
The Tractor Supply in Warsaw , IN is fucking HUGE . 
Finally on our way home hauling two huge tractors and mowers . Its been an awesome day . I love my man . 
In my dear Ohio again at last . Lol . Honestly didn't miss it . 
Very little sleep and a long super slow shift at work .... yeah bad combo . Can't wait to go home and sleep 
Headed home .... should I go straight to the shower and bed or attempt to accomplish something ? 
Headed to bed . Gotta get up early enough to drive to Cedarville for chapel in the morning . I seriously can't wait to see my friends and listen to some good truth . 
Cedarville was great today . Now off to work until 8:30 pm . Long but good day . Hope to get back to the ' Ville a little more often now that I live closer . 
Really need prayers for strength tonight . Idk whats goin on with me but I feel so weak right now . Hope < PROPFIRST > gets home soon . I need him to hold me and keep me safe 
once more my demons have beaten me . i can't keep doin this .... how do i learn to just let it all go ? to empty all the trash and start over ? how do u change shit u've carried around for 19+ yrs ? does anyone kno ? jw . 
Was kind of lousy day but things are getting better . So glad I have an awesome man standing by my side and helping me thru . I love < PROPMALE > Hodges with all my heart . 
Drinking a Raspberry Burst Smirnoff Ice , eating leftover spagehetti and meat sauce , watching I Am Legend , and filling out applications . Perfect day ... kinda . 
Not sure what to do today . Can't wait til < PROPFIRST > gets home so we can fix my < PROPFIRST > and I can get back to work ... if I still have a job . I love < PROPFIRST > <3 
Counting down the hours until < PROPFIRST > is home . I can't wait to hold him close . <3 
Next person to call me SIR at work will die . Can't wait til I get off so I can go home and snuggle with < PROPFIRST > . <3 Been a long day 
Sister's bday party , then work from 4-close , then home (?) or something . Gonna spend some quality time with < PROPFIRST > ( and maybe my mom ) tonight . Also , gonna enjoy my last two weeks of work as much as possible . 
Can't wait til < PROPMALE > Hodges gets home . For once I get to actually spend the weekend home with him because I managed to get Thursday-Sunday off of work . Next Thursday ( 9-15-2011 ) is my last day Tractor Supply Company . Kinda bummed but kinda excited to see where this next step in life takes me . I love my < PROPFIRST > <3 
Job hunting is about to kick into full speed ... only one week left at Tractor Supply . Need to find a job fast . 
Five things I love that begin with the letter ' S ' .... Sleeping , Showers , Swimming , Sex , and Spagetti . Like this and I will send you a letter 
Goin to go pay bills and grocery shopping and other awesomely mundane grown up tasks . :P Can't wait til < PROPMALE > Hodges gets home tonight . Hopefully gonna spend time with him , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Wilson(mom ) tonight . :) 
First official family outing last night was awesome . < PROPFIRST > and I are taking < PROPMALE > and Mom to the Air Force Museum and then to the Truck and Tractor pulls at the Highland County Fair tonight . I love my future hubby , stepson , and mom 
Getting ready to go to work from 12-9 :( Gonna be a LOOOOOONNNGGGGGG day . 
super tired . Goin to bed . Cleanin house in the am then wrk from 4-9pm . < PROPFIRST > will b home tomorrow nite so I will be super happy to get home after wrk to spend time with him . G'nite fb 
Cleanin up the house some before work . Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to be home tonight . <3 
I hate when < PROPFIRST>'s boss changes things on us . He will now be in KY until Thursday night ( late ) and then will be working in KY next week as well . The only positive thing is that with my last day of work being on Thursday and him only having 7 weeks left til he is laid off for winter ... we will have a decent paycheck to pay bills . I <3 < PROPFIRST > . 
work til 9 
Best lunch ever . Baked potato w/ sour cream and butter , small chocolate milkshake , and a spicy chicken salad w/ lemon garlic ceasar dressing . I'm in heaven 
tomorrow is my last day at tractor supply ... kinda sad . Wrk 12-9 tomorrow . 
sleepin in a racecar bed . Yeah , you know ur jealous . Lol 
Work until 9ish . So sad to finally see my last day at Tractor Supply . I'm gonna miss it because I love it here . :( 
< PROPFIRST > and I have a trailer in the country now . Cleaning starts today and next weekend we will be moving in . So happy right now 
scared to go to sleep . Lots of weird sounds tonight and weird feeling that someone is watchin me . Wish < PROPFIRST > was here 
Spending this week cleaning , packing , applying for jobs , and generally staying busy and preparing for our move from one bedroom apartment into two bedroom trailer in the beautiful and peaceful countryside . Can't wait til < PROPFIRST > gets home . I love him si much and am super excited about our fresh start . :) 
You're in a mental Hospital :\ 
person who drove u crazy : < PROPMALE > Lorenzini\ 
signed you in : < PROPMALE > Barrett\ 
doctor : < PROPMALE > Demers\ 
nurse : < PROPFIRST > Shiff\ 
security : Nike Roberts\ 
Crazy person drawing circles in the air : < PROPMALE > Bundy\ 
Person in cornor drooling on self : < PROPFEMALE > Demers\ 
Person w/ multiple personalities : < PROPFEMALE > Ward\ 
Roomate : < PROPFEMALE > Clark\ 
Person helps you break out : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Thompson 
Big mug of coffee , good music , candles , colorful pens , my journal and poetry notebook , comfy couch with a warm blanket .... makes for a great relaxing andcontemplative evening . I love these rare times in life when I can slow down and smell the roses so to speak . 
Applied for several jobs today . Also , found couple possible job leads for < PROPMALE > Hodges ( who I love to death , btw ) . Hoping I get either the job at Harbor Frieght Tools or Chipotle . 
PLEASE KEEP THIS TRUCK MOVING AND SHOW OUR DISLIKE !!! \ 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? \ 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? CHANGE OUR FACE BOOK BACK ?? ?? ?? \ 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? WE DON'T LIKE THIS LOOK ??? ? ?? ?? \ 
? (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) ? ? \ 
TO ALL THOSE WHO HATE THIS NEW FACE BOOK ... PLEASE REPOST 
Goin to dr tomorrow , then idk what . Prolly gonna apply for a few more jobs and start counting down the hours to Friday night when I finally will get to see my love and hold < PROPFIRST > close . I miss him . 
Dr's went well . The free clinic here treats you really well and takes time to make sure you're gettin the best care they can offer . Finally got an inhaler ... been needin one for a while . Thank God for the generosity of the dr's who dedicate their time to help ppl who can't afford to see the dr 
Pickin up < PROPFIRST > , payin bills , then starting the moving process . Long day . I love < PROPFIRST > . 
Got a lot of work ahead of me and mom this week . Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home Thursday night . We're turning this house into home . 
Stupid cancer . A person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to survive . Put this on your wall in honor of someone who died of , survived , or is currently fightin cancer . Aunt Sue : Keep on Trucking . Daddy : Rest in Peace . I miss you so much . 
