Watching the ball drop with my kids after the kids are in bed well IDK 

Glad too have my kids both home with me tonight ! But at the same time missing being out with my crew . Guys have fun tonight . 
It is 2011 HAPPY NEW YEAR 
Sometime's you want to do something but timing is off and you just can't make it work IT DOSE suck . 
What gos around comes around and its about to !!!!! 
Had fun tonight but it ended to soon but its ok ill see you all later it was so cool !!!! 
I got good news today !!! Im going to an job interview today , it's daugher 11th brithday partty only person missing is her brother which is wrong but the soon to be ex knows thats the only thing that hurts us . 
besy besy 
Going for a ride maybe ill be back online latter tonight 
Can't wait to see my son not much longer !!, And start my new job as a auto tech yes !!! 
Want to go somewhere but i can't my transmission is gone as of lasted night !!! 
I don't like being stuck in the house on the weekend >>> 
HERE i go walking cuz i jacked my car up fun fun !!!! 
About to call it a night , and get this week started alot to do , and not much time to do it !!!! 
Well its the day too get my rights 
nice 
My son well be here this weekend im so happy family friends and his sister are too it been so long we know there's no good reason for this !!!! 
Going to go land this one today ?? job !!! 
I will know Monday or Tuesday ITS going too be cool ( on the job ) there's only one opening tho so ;( ?? ;) 
facetheme i got my 
Done cleaning the house !! Going to get my son tomorrow we can't wait , AND NOW TIME TO LAY DOWN 
Come on ford in nascar !!! Race is on right now ... 
When a person lie's and ruins their own life !!! They often make up BS too try to ruin the lives of others that see them for what they truly are !!! With most people if that person that lie's was to come clean stop the childish games they maybe forgiven someday but for some it may just be to late !!!!..... 
Hey everyone , ill be back with you'll soon !! 
I wish that the ex would just be cool with the new women in my life just for are son and my kids . There's no good reason she shouldn't! Life go's on ! She shouldn't call them name's or judge them when she dose not know them .. Should just try to be civil with them because of are kid's . I shouldn't have to even say this but some people are hard headed and need to just move on in the right way for there kids .... 
Bored but feeling good about 3 possible job opportunity's . Now not sure which to take ? I know any the way things are these days but , I have tel January to decide . 
If anyone dose know someone who has a 98-94 mustang say with like a blown engine or been rear ended !! Without damage to the front let me know . I just need some front end steering parts but its got to be cheap 
Check out Access Vuclip ! You can find it at http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/10954 
Its friday and missing my son . Think I might come out and see some of the guys latter let me know if anything's up ... 
o dam can we say shutout get it together kc 
Everyone keeps talking about getting or being sick , so I guess its my turn dam it . Hope its gone tomorrow ? 
Anticipating tomorrow so we can tell what the new babys is going to be a boy or girl ? 
IT'S A , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Payton and abi your going to have a baby brother and right after my birthday 
Can't wait for this new year to start feeling really good about things in 2011 . 
Its horrible when I drop my boy off and he bolts out the door as I drive away another example of someone stupidity not to just get alone for there kids . 
I feel so good that I went from bad to great ! In ways that only some of you know about ! Thanks for your input and support !! I know cheezzy right ? But those of you that know me know iam far from that .. 
Early one good morning , Cold one 
Hopes for all to have a good Christmas and a happy new year . 
Very good christmas with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Having christmas aging tomorrow with the family and next weekend with my son on New years weekend whole lot of christmas so Marry Christmas 
Just hate when someone make things harder then they should be . When there only the faults of themselves ! 
Loving my new blackberry listening too ( pandora radio ) ( NIN ) in the tub chillin relaxation . 
A friends of friends getaway ! If you look at your friends , and you have at least 20 friends in common with your friend then you should come to the secret spot THIS SPRING IN JUNE . 4 day getaway the 3 guys Master minding this event will fill you in on details as they become available ! O bye the way you will need a tent , money , food and it a byob a reunion if you will !! 
What's on my mind ? An ice cold ONE after a day of cleaning hell its about time ! 
The bucks are out and I don't have much hope for the chiefs . 
Oil , Spark plugs , and all Filters are done on Taurus ! The Mustang is next ! Fun ! 
Beyond Bored ! 
Bored setting at home on a friday night aging . Could go do the same old but I don't want to the mustang well get me trouble . Some of you know how heavy my foot is . 
Nothing like Saturday night football come on Jets ! 
Nice . The jets won it . 
Man there eefin this up 
Maybe next year . 
What I feel is right just let it be right ! 
Loving sliding my car around . Funnest part of winter for me . 
Someone eefin disappoints me maybe she's better off this way because I sure the f am . NO ONE ON HERE just a little inter rage . 
OK I'm better now nite nite . 
Clear mind a movie and yeah some ice cream . 
About had it with this town there's nothing here spring time I'm out ... 
There's is nothing you can do to me that I have not already did to myself . Mindless mood . 
I'm staying an ARIES !!! I'm fire and always will be ... 
Check out Chat on Facebook Free Trial ! You can find it at http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/20830 
right on jets ! 
laying down feel somewhat relaxed hoping tomorrow brings something good ..?! 
To < PROPFEMALE > mo , your schools HAD SCHOOL TODAY ? What dose that say about THE people RUNNING that town ? I think we all know ! To my friends that live there were always seeing your town on the news for the same type shit .. 
Just got my fix on some rib's full as can be ! Going to pop a movie in and relax . 
Well im coming out tomorrow night guys call me let's go ! 
Choices and decisions why are there so many when its the worst time to decide . 
Lasted night was great ! 
Alright Jets win today ! 
Don't discouraged Jets Come on ! 
Needing some excitement . 
Jets beat them you already did one time this year come on . 
That was a good game .. They almost came back ... 
Feeling much better today had been sick for the lasted two days first & last time this year I hope . 
rtsp :/ / v2.cache2.c.youtube.com/CjYLENy73wIaLQmRs7jsahrBbhMYJCAkFEIJbXYtZ29vZ2xlSARSBXdhdGNoYLHV0Kix_I2hTQw=/0/0/0/video.3gp 
Feeling good laying down watching TV . 
So I tried to sleep that didn't work , so back to playing app's 
88 more days till < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > gets here ! 
The Kids are bouncing off the walls tonight is the < PROPFEMALE > full or what !!! 
Good weekend ! 
After a busy weekend you would think I'd be out like a light wtf is wrong with me . 
That was fun drove to BP and when I got there the workers were in there cars trying to leaving but got around ok . 
Can't wait till spring not much longer !! 
O yeah goodnight .. 
Hitting up Power & Light district Tonight something new ! 
It's almost that time let's hope Green bay doesn't get an upset . 
nice . what ! 
I missed half time haha but look out GB 
They need a interception or this is going to be bad . 
Nice GB !!! 
On to nascar and B-ball 
Some people say don't let anyone try to change you or it won't work between you and your's! but I find that to be BS . 
My cars is paid off and now its on to getting it legal this week .. I hope it all works out because its time to get out of this hole ...... 
Just got on here for the day sorry I missed all the excitement .!.? 
Still looking for an 98-96 ford Mustang with a bad engine or has rear end damage to buy Cheap !! 
My Car is legal feeling so much better small repair to do but not much . 
Yeah nascar 
Hardest part of sunday is almost here 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s everyone . 
Was one of the best < PROPFIRST>'s Day's I've had in a long time ! I hope the same for all you'll!! Goodnight ... 
About too watch CASE 39 
\Friday\ " So much to do and all I wanta do is relax o well ! " 
Getting out of the house tonight very much needed !!! 
Having a good time with my lady 
on the road where I go no one knows well some of u do 
Facebook has comment or like but could use an agree or disagree to go with it !!!! 
HAHA way to start the year nascar Motorcraft 
A long very long day and it feel's like it just started ... 
So tired but restless ! 
Watching\From < PROPFIRST > with love\ " good action flick but not enough to free my mind so I can sleep restless aging !!? " 
A good friday going to pick my boy and looking forward to monday when arrangements start getting made for us to spend more even time together . 
Getting ready to give little man a bath in hopes that he'll go to bed so I can he's so hyper but I know where he gets that from . 
Had a great weekend with my kids but now its the worst part of sunday night after my little man when back to his mothers I have this emptiness inside me it just sucks . 
Had the strangest day today things were really just odd hope tomorrow is a better day and the rest of this one !!! :-\\ :-| :-) ? 
There's not enough hour's an a day to get done what I need too get done .. 
Ill be up in five hours there's no real reason to even go to sleep this sucks but it just might be well worth it 
Hate to be stuck home tonight . 
BORED ................. 
Good race today way to go ford 
Overwhelming stress is wearing me down something got to give .!.? 
Today I got some pretty good news now its all about some work . 
Today was a really good day ! Things are starting to look up a sign of relief is coming soon . 
Just woke up and seen the TV I feel sorry for japan 
A bond that's unbreakable but nice try . 
Feeling great the kids when to bed early ! I'm so relaxed things are starting to fall in to place . All but a couple things and once there done ill be completely able to relax ! Except for work . Can't wait !!! 
It was a good night ! 
http://m.youtube.com/results?client=mv-google&gl=US&hl=en&q=2011+ford+mustang+vs+2011+carmao&submit=Search 
This week would be great if I get the security guard job I hope so . 
Really nice day hope its as good as it is nice ! 
stuck at home aging my lady has too use my car so she can go to work but its ok 
BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Great day to be detailing my car just a nice day all together ... 
* Apr 20th * < PROPMALE > is set to be born ! 
Just a good day but not looking forward to dropping 500 bucks Thursday ! ouch !!! 
So today I got an electronic cigarette and I like it ! I hadn't smoked a regular cig all day then the battery when dead !! So I put it on the charger .. Then I tried to smoke a regular cig and decided I really like the electronic one so much better !!.! I'm done with the stinking ass killing regular cigarettes ........ 
Just paid out a bunch of money but never felt better about it ... 
Having a good time with my boy 
Nascar o yeah . 
Well , I'm missing my boy already ! Looking forward to the spring and summer so we can really make up on the lost time took out of are lives :-) 
I'm relaxing digin that < PROPFIRST > foxx song . Tell me why I \ " , 2011-03-28 04:06:42 " 
Driving threw my parking lot is like driving threw a children's playground !!! One of these kids is going to get hurt some of these parents need to get your kids !! Be mad at me if you want !! It sets a bad example for the kids that can't play in the streets or parking lot's 
Feeling better now 
I know someone who can dream on ! 
Up and ready too go ! 
Yes it is friday ! I got to get up at 5am in the morning to make a little cash . I might come out Saturday night ? Not tonight tho .. 
Took a ride lasted night , was just nice to get out of the house . Going to do it aging this afternoon its a little warm but I like it that way . 
Busy day tomorrow a step closer to a real good thing ! 
Wow , what a day ! 
The end of the days is looking a lot better then it started . 
