They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this as your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be to ashamed or scared to do this . 

Glad this job is done , now off to the next one . 
Just want to thank everybody for the Happy Birthday Wishes you guys are great . I just don't know what the deal is with that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > fellow though . Ha Ha 
I would just like to let everyone know that after 10 years of Marriage that I won an argument tonight and my wife admitted I was right . 
Can't wait for the PARTY on the 21st , this will be Awesome !! 
Its time to take down yet another tree . 
Just got my Bull Elk tags in the mail , can't wait 
Another satisfied customer ! 
I was bit by a spider and have to see a surgeon on Monday about the black skin developing on my arm . This doesn't look good for the home team . 
Well I had a chunk cut out of my arm today , but all is good . 
Just learned a new tree knot called the schwaibish and itss awesome . 
Well I broke down and bought a F150 today , I must admit it is a pretty sweet ride . 
While finishing up some trees I was brutally attacked by yellow jackets tonight . Bees-5 Chris-2 
I'm setting trusses at my house tommorrow at 0800 if anyone wants to join in on the festivities all is welcome . 
Well I would like to thank my buds < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > for coming out and helping me set my trusses today , thanks fellas 
Bow hunting tommorrow can't wait ! 
Alot of scouting done this week , Elk season starts tomorrow , I'll keep you posted . 
Well no kills yet but I heard the elk bugle for the first time tonight , I guess we will see what tommorrow holds . 
< PROPFIRST > shot one last night and we tracked until dark and came out this morning . < PROPFIRST > and I Tracked the bull up and down two different mountains but decided he did not have a fatal shot on it . We will see what tommorrow holds 
Well I shot at my first bull at dark tonight I should know more tommorrow it was a rushed shot so wish me luck . 
I'm tagged out now so I will be sitting at camp until the end of season , good thing is that it is today , so I wish the guys still out there lots of luck . The more meat in the freezer the better . 
Well we are heading home tommorrow , looking forward to a short 27 hour drive . Can't wait to get through Kansas . 
Ah !! Home sweet home , now to get ready for the whitetail this weekend . 
Back to whitetail hunting tommorrow . 
Well < PROPFEMALE>'s craawdad passed on today , soooo I replaced it with a frog , a matter of fact two frogs . 
I hope everyone had a Happy Turkey Day !! 
I just made the best venison sit fry I have ever eaten . To bad my wife and daughter won't eat deer , their loss !! 
If anyone needs firewood let me know , I still have a decent amount left to sell . 
Going ahead and hooking up the plow to my four wheeler just in case . 
My daughter's sellin girl scout cookies startin friday , $3.50 a box , who wants em ? 
Let me tell ya folks , its hard to layout 44 < PROPMALE > of hike and bike trail in this type of weather . 
