CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE !!! 

Finding old friends ! Fun . 
uploading pictures 8D 
today sucked 
91 degrees and I'm exhausted ... will I survive the long hike to Walgreens for chocolate ? WE'LL FIND OUT ! 
I made it , but then I got horribly lost and had to have my mom pick me up . :/ 
WHY AM I SO BORED 
sick , frustrated and generally pissy . drawing is hard . 
A psychic midget escaped from prison would be called a \small medium at large . \"" 
ohmygod I love Nirvana . 
happy llama , sad llama , mentally retarded llama , super llama , drama llama , big fat mama llama , MOOSE ! 
I'm awake . And it's 4 AM . And I'm so loopy . My friends would have a lot more fun with me if they stayed up this late lol 
Hakuna Matata ... 
Samson is the bestest dog in the whole entire world EVER ! :D 
To be a kid again ... where has the magic gone ? 
If I was a raindrop , would you be my thunderstorm ? <3 
This summer is boring . At least it's not as hot , now that my hair is thinner :) 
Itchy all over ! I hate mosquitoes . 
k , I have ice cream , I'm happy now . :3 
Happy Fourth of July ! Hope you're having fun ... I'm not . xD 
I'm drawing something I've always wanted to draw , and it's really satisfying . I'm excited for the outcome . 
I am not my own // For I have been made new // Please don't let me go // I desperately need you . 
IMA WALRUS . nrrrghrrraaa . 
Excited for the three-mile hike to Maroon Bells - I leave tomorrow ! 
Never mind , the hike was canceled . 
Photos from the Cave of the Winds are up . Go look/comment/like them . It'll make me happy inside . 
Elitch Gardens ! Yay me . 
Man was born flightless to dare him to fly . 
church camp . I'll be back wednesday ! 
Meteor shower tonight ! Look to the northeast . 
And so it returns . School never seems to leave your heels . 
Raaaaain . I'm dancing in it . <3 
... Sometimes I wanna copy someone else's status just to see if they notice ... 
Curse these allergies . 
I thought I was sleeping too much . Then I woke up and realized I had no reason whatsoever to be awake . Excitement , you have been missing far too long . 
Darkness , cover me in thy sweet embrace . 
This is your life , and it's ending one minute at a time . 
All of a sudden my computer has mysteriously fixed every issue it's ever had , all while I was away at school ? And nothing I've ever put sweat and blood into to fix it prior to this has been successful ? Interesting . Nonetheless ; thank you , magic , I hope you stay . 
a copy\ 
of a copy\ 
of a copy ... 
BIP ! 
Cake is the language of love . 
But sometimes , it's just happy anyway . The end . 
Star-crossed lovers 
Thank you , everyone , for your birthday wishes ! I never expected such a response . I really appreciate it ; love you all !! 
I am a bird imprisoned by the air . 
So sleep becomes addicting .. 
I want to play a game . 
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are , at best , shadowy and vague . Who shall say where the one ends , and where the other begins ? 
These words mean nothing to me . 
\And where will it take me ? \ " \ 
the dream is collapsing . 
Don't turn away , looming < PROPFEMALE > . You'll have your revenge very soon . 
