sharing one vehicle between three people ... a humbling experience .... remember back in the day when having one car was a luxury ... 

this has been a trying week ... after being diagnosed a diabetic ... i started over-analyzing myself into a frenzy(being human ) ... lesson learned ... no matter what people say or think of you , their judgment or misjudgment of you , you are only what you believe you are ... if you are labeled it is because you choose to wear it ... 
God is the only one who is qualified to judge us .. and He doesn't ... so \ 
we should use the God in us to do the same .. starting with ourselves ... \ 
you are only what you answer to ... \ 
\ 
power of the mind .... i have decided that i am not as sweet as i have \ 
been told i am ... that way my body won't have to live up to the rep. .. \ 
keep it positive and it will be .. 
Disease is just that ... Dis-ease , if your response to some one or thing is that they make you sick , chances are they will .... the power of the mind ... the way we speak on things can affect us 
new twist on an old saying ; If you can't say something nice about some one ... get away from them .... 
I just want to thanks to my fb friends for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday it was definitely heart felt ..... 
Many say they are looking for unconditional love .... the truth is that we are granted that by , God .... we all have a checklist of conditions ... be it physical description , financial status , spiritual enlightenment , or just a need for companionship .... our true quest should be to find a love with conditions we can live with ... 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a \ 
picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR \ 
computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure \ 
accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it \ 
... sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGG ... ED \ 
in pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make ... your woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!! DoNOTjoin the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Fatheror Mother was the greatest gift of mylife\ " It is a group of pedophilestrying to access your photos . This was on Fox News . Pleasecopy andre-post ! Let's keep .... our children safe ! ( only takes a ............ minute ............... to re-post ) . YIKES ... I'm passing this on in case it's true ! " 
Allow\ 
yourself to change , and allow the people in your life to change as \ 
well . Often the people around us have a fixed idea of who we are , and \ 
how we should behave ... partners , friends , work colleagues , parents and \ 
so on ... And we may have fixed ideas of who they are , and how they \ 
should behave . So , let us remember again that the only constant is \ 
change . Embrace it and be free . 
Remain centred \ 
and true to your new ideas about life and do not let others ' negative \ 
reactions and fixes ideas about you ( and themselves ) sway you from \ 
dropping old patterns that no longer serve you . We are the healers of \ 
all . 
On this day , God wants you to know ... \ 
that your remedy for anxiety is the question : ' Will this matter in a \ 
year from now ? ' All too often you get so involved in things that you \ 
look at life through a microscope . Amplifying manifold , an invisible \ 
speck becomes an insurmountable mountain . Put down the micr ... oscope and imagine yourself a year from now looking back at today : ' Does this really matter ? 
To\ 
affirm means to make something firm in mind . Affirm right now , \I trust\ 
On this day , God wants you to know\ 
... that it's time you stopped hiding from life , and said yes to the adventure of being alive . Enough of the routine already . Go on , have an adventure , - do what you always wanted deep within your heart . Do what brings you alive , and the universe will open doors where there were only walls . 
On this day , God wants you to know ... \ 
that you've been driving yourself too hard lately . Sure , there is time \ 
to invest yourself fully into work , but there is equally important time \ 
for joyful resting . And for you , this time is now . What is the \ 
absolutely most wonderful little treat you can give yourself ? Do it \ 
today . 
The < PROPMALE > of Manifesting\ 
If you truly want to manifest abundance in your life , you must \ 
master the < PROPMALE > of coordinating multiple fields of intentionality . \ 
This sounds complicated but , at its essence , this is as simple as \ 
feeling a positive feeling in your he < PROPMALE > and mind .... By : Energy Therapy 
Focus on what really matters . \ 
\ 
A phone call for example is always urgent , it rings only a few\ 
times and is gone , but is often not important . If you are in the middle\ 
of something truly important - playing with kids , being present with \ 
your loved one , do not stop just because a silly phone rings . Stay \ 
present with what's important now . 
God wants you to know ... \ 
that if you would rather live than die , all is in your hands . Life is \ 
not lost by dying ; life is lost minute by minute , day by dragging day , \ 
in all the thousand small uncaring ways . 
that we all need the validation of love to feel safe , secure , and at \ 
home in this world . Don't withhold your love and appreciation . Love \ 
abundantly . 
\I\ 
that there are only two ways to live your life : One is as though \ 
nothing is a miracle . The other is as if everything is . That's a quote \ 
by < PROPFIRST > Einstein . Don't wait for miracles , your whole life is a \ 
miracle . 
God wants you to know ... today you have a cause for celebration . Today , you should \ 
celebrate what an unbelievable life you have had so far : the \ 
accomplishments , the many blessings , and , yes , even the hardships \ 
because they have served to make you stronger . Just as a gem cannot be \ 
polished without friction , nor can a life be perfected without trials . \ 
Take a time to acknowledge your life and to praise yourself 
that when you come to a wall , you can either climb it , or you can \ 
simply walk around until you find a door . Don't make life so hard , - \ 
look for the doors ! 
that God loves in you even that which you dislike . God doesn't \ 
partition you into pieces and loves some and not loves others . That's \ 
what people do . That's what you do . God , who created you , accepts and \ 
loves every little part of you , even those you deny and hate in \ 
yourself . So next time you try to dislike a part of you , just pause , \ 
look and remember that God loves it . 
The\ 
master is also within you , watching , waiting , the words \maha \ 
that truth always wins . Doing right is never wrong . Being honest and \ 
trustworthy is the way to live . Perhaps a slight twist of the facts \ 
might bring a short term gain . A little misrepresentation might bring \ 
some short term satisfaction . But in the end truth always wins , so live \ 
like a winner . 
that no one can make you feel inferior without your consent . You have \ 
to agree that you are less and that someone else is more to feel \ 
inferior . If you don't agree , you can not possibly feel inferior . You \ 
might know something less , or you might be able to do something less , \ 
but you ARE unique and hence simply incomparable . Do not buy into being \ 
reduced to an object of comparison . 
that contentment comes from unconditional love . When you love \ 
conditionally , you have to keep deciding if the other is worthy of your \ 
love . You can never let go of your guard enough to be content . Why not \ 
decide once and for all , and love once and for all . And be content . 
peace will come when you let the presence of God settle into your heart . If there is to be peace in the nations , cities , between neighbors . If there is to be peace between neighbors , \ 
there must be peace in the home . If there is to be peace in the home , \ 
there must be peace in the heart . 
that if you < PROPFEMALE > something , offer something . Offerings can come in \ 
many forms : a gift , a prayer , a smile , flowers , food . Offer something \ 
from your heart . 
that God is there for you to hold on . Hold on to what is good , even if \ 
it's a handful of earth . Hold on to what you believe , even if it's a \ 
tree that stands by itself . Hold on to what you must do , even if it's a \ 
long way from here . Hold on to your faith , even if it's easier to let \ 
go . Hold on to God's hand . 
that it's time you remembered who you really are . You are not your \ 
wallet , job , kids , your house . You are not your activities or worries or the labels others give you . Like an actor you play\ 
these roles , and like a good actor you sometimes forget who you really \ 
are . Time to wake up now , and remember that you are a being of immense \ 
power and breathtaking beauty created in the image of God 
that it's OK . Just rest for a moment . It's OK . Yes , things are crazy , \ 
yes , the world is going nuts . Yet , deep underneath the < PROPFEMALE > waves , \ 
there , in the core of your being , there is pure silence , pure love . And \ 
... it's ... just ... OK . 
that when you feel alone and your heart is troubled , talk to God . Let \ 
the presence of God come to you and envelope you and bring you peace . 
On this day , God wants you to know ... that life is not meant to be a speedway . Slow down to savor the gifts that God has already showered you with 
that the way you treat others is the way you treat yourself . True \ 
respect for another comes from self respect . True love for another comes\ 
from self love . True forgiveness for another comes from self \ 
forgiveness . 
that inevitable is best accepted with serenity . There are times when you\ 
absolutely see no solution . When you've thought and thought and prayed \ 
and prayed ; when you've sat still in meditation listening for an answer \ 
and still no answer comes . There are times when it's okay to just \ 
surrender . 
that when what you are doing is not working , do something else . \ 
Anything else . You'll only get the same results if you do what you have \ 
always done . 
that you have so many gifts ! - use them . God has given you so many \ 
gifts to sow love and to give hope , to shine light and to spread joy . \ 
Abundant gifts . Use them . Give to yourself and give to others . There is \ 
an endless spring where they come from . 
You can mouth the words of a prayer all day long and just waste your \ 
time , unless you also speak with your heart . And to speak with your \ 
heart means to embody first . If you pray for love , be loving . If you \ 
pray for wealth , be generous . If you pray for health , practice health \ 
yourself . What is your favorite prayer ? How can you begin to embody it ? 
that there is no way to happiness , happiness is the way . Happiness does\ 
not come from seeking new landscapes , but from having new eyes on the \ 
same life you've always been living . 
Energy Therapy Do\ 
you think the Word of God is feeble ? It is not ! Prayer is accessible to\ 
every human , religious or not . Prayer is the Divinity within you \ 
commanding the essence of what you wish to experience to unfold before \ 
you right now . 
that your unspoken prayers will be answered . Yes , God knows you , God \ 
hears you , God loves you , God is there for you . You are blessed . 
\Some\ 
On this day , God wants you to know ... that God doesn't give you what you want , God gives you according to who you are . Change who you are to change your life . 
that it's time you cleansed yourself with laughter and with tears . Let \ 
tears take out all the agony that is hidden inside you , and let laughter\ 
ignite your contagious joy 
that God is crazy about you . God sends you fresh flowers every spring , a\ 
breathtaking sunrise every morning . If God had a wallet , your picture \ 
would be in it . If God has a refrigerator , your childhood scribbles \ 
would be on it 
ATTENTION : the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . Their doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . 
Praying is like breathing , - \ 
continuous , essential , life-giving , - praying is the conversation with \ 
God you start with birth and continue into old age . Praying is your \ 
celebration of God , - everything you do , everything you think , \ 
everything you say is another word , another sentence of your prayer . 
Time and time again success has its roots in failure , because failure knocks you down from top of the hill so you can then climb a mountain . Yes it's unsettling , yes it's scary . But this can be your greatest opportunity in life , - if you choose it . The recession has cleared the space of clutter , - think what have you always wanted to do but brushed aside from the top of your hill ? Now is the time ... 
Walking in unity means biting your tongue sometimes . It may mean walking away when you’d rather not . It can mean couching how you say things to people . It is a conscious effort to bring the loaf – the Body of Christ - back together again 
... that when whispers do not get your attention , bricks will fly your way . Don't speed through life so fast that someone has to throw a brick at you to get your attention . Slow down and be present 
Feel appreciation for where you are , use negative experiences to consciously identify what you really want , and feel eagerness about your future . Your Inner Being has infinite resources at it's disposal but you must learn to consistently be in vibrational < PROPFEMALE > with that energy . 
.. that every little part of you is magical . Yes , even the parts that hurt , even the ones that are feeling disease right now . It's alright to love what is in pain . More than alright , that's exactly where your love is needed the most . So why not touch that part that hurts and smile at it , at yourself through it , and whisper : '' I love you . '' 
T.D. Jakes Ministries/The Potter's House\ 
Build your life on things that will last ! Don’t let the devil put a period where God placed a comma . No matter what you’ve lost in the past , God will sustain you . His love is unconditional . Use the three secret weapons : faith , hope and < PROPFEMALE > . 
[ Repost ] As adults , we < PROPFEMALE > around emotional baggage and act out over stuff we’ve collected along the journey . We’re angry over bicycles we didn’t get , visits that never came , words never spoken and so on . Jesus died so that we could experience a full life . Whatever you’re still holding onto — let it go ! 
Rest is a gift from God . It is the gift you need for the emotional and spiritual state you may be experiencing . Your body needs rest . Take a load off your body by resting your mind right now . You can do that by reminding yourself that God’s sovereignty is still intact . Give yourself the reassurance of knowing that every issue is not in your hands , but His . 
Positively Positive\ 
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AND THE AUTHORITY TO BE YOUR UNIQUENESS . It is essential that you think of yourself as a phenomenon in order to give yourself the authority to be the unique nature of you . Take on the courage and give yourself this right . 
... that when you focus on problems , you will have more problems . When you focus on possibilities , you will have more opportunities . 
You must diligently strive to release and clear old , impacted thought forms that are keeping you stuck in limitation . It is imperative that you clear the self-limiting , distorted thought patterns of the past so that you can create a new , empowering blueprint of the future . This starts simply with intent and non-resistance to what-is . 
that you've been skipping out on God's most important gift to man - love . Love is the blood of the soul . God wants all beings to have healthy and strong souls , so God created a simple law to nourish the soul : the more you give love , the more you receive love . Remember all the beings you love - people , animals - that you haven't thought of lately . Do not wait anymore , reconnect with them today and express your love . 
... that your kindness makes a difference . Even if it is a very < PROPFEMALE > act of goodness and you think no one notices , God notices . Always remember that one little act of kindness can tilt the balance of an entire situation . One little act of kindness can ripple out in countless ways that you many never know abo 
... that you only need to Ask . God is waiting for your Asking , waiting to reach out to you . 
Energy Therapy\ 
Over the course of a lifetime , all humans have the same tests but not all humans have peace . Peace depends on whether you are balanced . A balanced individual , a balanced human , can see through the illusion and use the tests to go upwards in vibration . 
... that whatever fills your heart with gladness is a good thing . Let yourself be filled . There is much joy and beauty in the world if you only open yourself to it . 
We all experience lows in life — sickness , divorce or the death of a loved one . You might endure difficult times and then worry sets in . It’s human to worry , but don’t let worry erode you so much that you lose faith . Hebrews 11:1 says , “Now faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen . ” It’s the ingredient , or “stuff , ” that keeps you from falling apart . 
... that silence is < PROPFEMALE > . When we are quiet , we can hear God's messages to us . Sometimes these messages may be in the form of subtle intuition . Sometimes it may feel like an inner knowing . Sometimes we may hear a ' still , small voice . ' If it feels right in your heart , trust that it is God speaking to you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Let the joy , peace and love overflow from your heart and touch everyone you encounter ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , My prayer is that you will soon experience the fullness of God’s promises in your life . We often limit Him and what He is able to do because our heart dwells in past disappointments . Don’t let what you went through define who you are and what God will ultimately do . 
When you resist feelings or emotions , your emotional body cannot vibrate properly and it freezes or locks up , so you become less aware and your thoughts become unclear and muddled . By allowing yourself to fully experience your emotions , without judgment , you will return to a more resonant state of being . This happens naturally as you tap into the stream of well-being which is flowing to you through your Source . 
We do not stop playing because we are old ; we grow old because we stop playing . Lighten up and play . Remember , you are God's child , so it's ok to be silly , be curious , be fun . 
Not to worry about what I lack , what I want , or even what I need . Rather to focus on what I have ; to posit that I have everything I need ; and to concentrate on how to share this precious possession with those who don’t yet realize that they have it as well . 
Life will always present broken places , places of struggle and conflict . If you have a divine purpose and life has put you on hold , < PROPFEMALE > on ! Stay on the line until life gets back to you . If you believe as I do , then it’s worth the wait to receive your answer from the Lord 
Life is not predetermined . Do not put things down to \fate\ " . You come into this life as an extension of Non-Physical Energy and you activate the energy potentials of your contract to be here through intent . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
The gift , talent or ability God gave you is your key to success . God did not give it to you to be put on display behind a glass showcase . He did not give it to you to waste . Nor did He give it to you for you to hide and deny it out of a false sense of religious humility . God gave you a gift to be poured out , used and invested . 
When you arise in the morning , think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe , to think , to enjoy , to love ... - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
Love Wave\ 
\We look forward to the time when the power of love will replace the love of power . Then will our world know the blessings of peace . \ " \ 
You can’t spend your life in the graveyard of guilt dealing with the corpses of the past . Know when things are dead , know when to release them and bury them . If you continue to work with the dry bones of dead issues , you too will begin to decay . No amount of work will resuscitate a corpse . Sign the death certificate and bury the past . 
What will you do with the rest of your life ? The decision you make , based on this question alone , will determine the quality of life you will experience . Take the time to search deep within yourself for the answers to this question . Make a decision . And when you’re ready , begin the transformation process . How you live your life from this day forward is entirely up to you . 
When we dissolve the need for any \if only's\ " - we set ourselves free to take the only step that needs to be taken in any moment ... that is the next step . Like that journey of one thousand < PROPMALE > beginning with only one step ... the journey of any journey - in any moment - requires only the next step . - Guru Singh " 
Spiritual thought for today : Don't be afraid of change ! \ 
Don't be afraid of change ! So many times we stand in fear when we pass from one phase of our life to another . We feel something is dissolving but we can't put our finger on it . Learn to trust the process as the old dissolves and the new is birthed . If you focus on any sense of loss , you prolong it ... 
... that when an impossible must happen , put it on God's to-do list . Well , if you can't make it happen , and no one else can , there is only thing left to do , - finally look up and trust in God to make it right . 
You can’t be anointed to receive and not be anointed to give , because there is an unceasing flow of blessing that comes with this anointing . It has to be on the move . If the movement stops , the blessing stops . When you have no outlet for what God pours into your life , you become too full of yourself and nothing grows in your life . 
Don't ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Some doctor on TV this morning said the way to achieve inner peace is to finish all the things you have started . So I looked around my house to see things I'd started & hadn't finished , then i finished off a bottle of Gin , a bodle of Baileys , a butle of wum , a pick of Prungles , 1/2 chesecke an a boc a choclez . < PROPFEMALE > haf no idr how bludy fablus I feeeel now . Plaese s < PROPMALE > dhis orn to dem < PROPFEMALE > fee ar in < PROPMALE > ov ienner pisss 
Say it ... shout it ... believe it ... \I AM GOING TO MAKE IT HAPPEN ! \"" 
Your fervent , daily prayer needs to be : “Lord , let me see my THAT . Stop letting me try to reap things that I have no rights over . Stop me from being confused about what I should be reaping . Stop me from trying to cash in on other people’s gifts . ” You cannot reap what belongs to others ; you have to reap what is yours . 
< PROPFEMALE > Reed\ 
... that it is the day of deep peace for you . Deep peace of the running wave to you . Deep peace of the quiet earth to you . Deep peace of the flowing air to you . Deep peace of the shining < PROPFEMALE > to you . 
This is the day , this is the day\ 
That the lord has made , that the lord has made\ 
I will rejoice , I will rejoice\ 
And be glad in it , glad in it 
T.D. Jakes Ministries\ 
Every goal that you will ever pursue will require a plan of action . Whether you are pursuing your life’s < PROPFEMALE > or striving to obtain a particular goal , you must be able to see things as you < PROPFEMALE > them to be . If you can’t see it , you can’t achieve it ! God doesn’t make mistakes . When He created you , He also created a plan for your life . Accept it . Now say this aloud : “God has a plan for me ! ” 
If you don't ask for what you want , the answer is already no . Why not ask , and maybe the answer will be YES ? 
Finding peace requires zeroing in on your singular , divinely ordained purpose , the task or tasks that God has assigned especially to you . Other people cannot define that . God has a role for you to play that may be quite distinct – no better or worse – from what’s designated for the next person 
[ Repost ] Finding peace requires zeroing in on your singular , divinely ordained purpose , the task or tasks that God has assigned especially to you . Other people cannot define that . God has a role for you to play that may be quite distinct – no better or worse – from what’s designated for the next person . 
Shortage is a perception . In an unlimited universe , there is no shortage in truth . We have access to the inner and outer technology to overcome our personal and global crises and create the \New Jerusalem\ " (\" Peace on Earth \") . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS NEAR AND FAR . I LOVE YOU BOTH . 
What would you do with your life if you knew in advance that there was no way you could fail – so long as you kept trying ? You have to have a plan . And I’m not talking about a pipe dream – something that doesn’t have details . I mean a strategic , well-thought-out plan that will help you get ready for each level of growth . 
[ Repost ] What would you do with your life if you knew in advance that there was no way you could fail – so long as you kept trying ? You have to have a plan . And I’m not talking about a pipe dream – something that doesn’t have details . I mean a strategic , well-thought-out plan that will help you get ready for each level of growth . 
In our willingness to let God’s grace rest upon us and stand as a testimony to His good works , we become the testimony of His power . He did not ask for workers , He asked for witnesses . He did not ask us to perform , but to tell of His wondrous performance , the loving things we have seen Him do for us and for others . 
\Don't use the hardships of your past as excuses to deny the possibilities of your future . \ " < PROPFIRST > Sharm " 
Some people have never really experienced life . They’ve only seen a closet they didn’t like . If you don’t like the world you’re in now , change it . Begin looking at new options , expose yourself to differences , and be willing to change . Don’t cleave to narrow-minded thoughts . Go for the gusto ! Just be sure that what you seek is in line with God’s will . 
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
We should begin to set our sights on tomorrow while maximizing our moments today . We need to invest in faith , family and finance , and let these three form the foundation of all our success . 
... that your soul is always in communion with God . When you feel lost , or afraid , or sad , - feel into your soul to find the strength of Divine presence . 
... that if you ever need a helping hand , you'll find one at the end of your arm . And a time always comes when you discover that you have two hands : one for helping yourself , the other for helping others . 
\You practice forgiveness for two reasons : to let others know that you no longer wish to be in a state of hostility with them and to free yourself from the self-defeating energy of resentment . Send love in some form to those you feel have wronged you and notice how much better you feel . \ " Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer " 
\To be a Christian without prayer is no\ 
Spiritual insight : how energy healing can change your life\ 
Challenges can cause us to unconsciously put up barriers to prevent further emotional harm but these barriers ultimately isolate us from those around us , often from those we wish to be closest to , as well as our true self ... 
People who allow themselves to change aren’t stifled , wicked , bitter or angry . They are free . As a result their lives are fuller and richer . If you wake up most mornings miserable , make a decision to change your life . In time , you’ll be confident with the new you . 
It's OK to talk to yourself , it's even OK to answer yourself . But when you ask yourself \What did you say ? \ " then you know you have a problem . " 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
52 Days of Wisdom - Day 51 : I learned long ago that you don’t lose anything by waiting on God . When the right time came to do certain things in my life , I accomplished more in one year than some people did in 20 years . When you do things in the right time , in the right season and with the right purpose — God will surely bless you ! 
\The greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion . The more we care for the happiness of others 
... that you are to trust yourself . If you do not , then you will forever be looking to others to prove your own merit to you , and you will never be satisfied . You will always be asking others what to do and at the same time resenting their help . Trust in yourself starts with being ok with the consequences of your decisions . 
\Your task is not to seek love 
52 Days of Wisdom - Day 48 : True worship is born when true sacrifice occurs – laying upon the altar something you’d hoped to keep for yourself . You can never be really anointed until you personally experience a situation that calls you to lay aside your garments . Who can help but worship Him when we see Him with unclouded vision ? 
... that you are not to shut love out of your life by saying it is impossible to find and keep . The quickest way to find love is to give love . If you want it too badly , you will not find it . The most secure way to keep love is to give it space and care to grow . If you hold it too tightly , you will lose it . 
Energy Flows Where Attention Goes\ 
Thoughts and emotions influence our body chemistry . Loving , happy and peaceful thoughts enhance the body's immune response , create an alkalising effect in the blood . Stress , intense emotions of anger , hate , sadness and fear create acid-forming chemical reactions in the body . Your body literally becomes a reflection of your emotions and thinking . 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but HAPPY ! Falling down is part of LIFE - getting back up is LIVING ( Repost if you agree)\ 
2 hours ago · UnlikeLike · Comment 
... that one good deed can shift the balance of the whole world . Never underestimate the power of your goodness and kindness . 
You are a pure center of awareness , with choice in each moment . Be inspired to live your highest vision , the grandest version of Who You Really Are . How do you know when you are choosing your highest path ? Your choices will always bring you peace , despite difficult or challenging circumstances . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
God won’t share your heart with idols . He will remove them from your list of “gotta-haves” and prove that you didn’t have to have them after all . He will show you that you don’t need it . You don’t need more money , more recognition , or more acknowledgment . You only need more of Him , and He will give you the desires of your heart . What an awesome trade ! 
... that your deepest connection to God is through your beloved . You are most open to God when your heart is wide open , and your mind is settled and worry-free . For most of us , this happens in the presence of our beloved . 
Chosen love is real and powerful , bitter and sweet . It is warm enough to wrap up in against the chill of an aloof world . It is bright enough to shine through all the night seasons of your life . Only occasionally in the course of a lifetime will you meet the kind of friend who becomes more than an acquaintance 
Men may spurn our appeals , reject our message , oppose our arguments , despise our persons ; but they are helpless against our prayers --- J . Sidlow Baxter 
... that your task is not to seek for love , but to seek and melt all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it . God loves you with the very air you breathe , the very light that touches your skin , the very ground that supports you . Love is everywhere , - melt your barriers , and you will have love in abundance . 
Do you fall into using the old-energy paradigm of trying to control the behaviour of others , rather than finding balance within ? Often , this attitude is stressful and defeats your core intention to harmonise with your Source . The right use of will is to hold a coherent vibration . In stressful situations , you must learn to let go of resistance first . Feel peaceful and balanced within yourself , then act . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
God will always show you a dream , but not the trouble because the dream is designed to sustain you in the midst of the trouble . The dream God gives you guarantees , no matter what it looks like now , when it’s all over , your dream will come to pass 
It was God who gave the Israelites the land of milk and < PROPFEMALE > , and it is God who gives us countless blessings . God not only wants to bless you , He wants to sustain your blessings ! 
... that to find out who you are becoming find stories that move your heart . Just like a seed has an image of the tree in it , so does your heart have an image of who you are becoming . Look for stories in movies and books that resonate in your heart , and you will find glimpses of your possible futures . What is your favorite story ? 
... that greatness is your birthright . Who are You to shine brighter than others ? Who are You to take a step forward when others are shrinking back ? Who are You to make others feel insecure with your greatness ? You are a child of God . Take a step forward , shine bright , - inspire others with your light to their own greatnes 
Do you trust ? Examine your thoughts , feelings and actions to see how much trust you really have that everything will be well in your life . Difficult situations are asking you to demonstrate trust . Expecting the best outcome , and knowing you deserve to have it . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
... that God loves you . Yes , God loves you . Very much . Unconditionally . Like a mother loves her child , unconditionally . Even as she slaps her baby's hand to protect from being burnt by a fire , her love infuses her whole being . So with God . God's love for you infuses the whole Universe . 
that when people tell you nice things , stop shrugging them off as if they are nothing . The sincere compliments you receive are your jewels , - collect them in your heart , - they highlight the beauty of your being and empower you during challenging times . Never say ' oh , it's nothing ' or shrug your shoulders when you hear a sincere compliment . Pause , breathe it in , and really feel its meaning . 
On this day of St < PROPFIRST > , let us all remember we will receive in the measure that we learn to share our love unconditionally . Divine love is your source and requires nothing in return . Let it flow freely through you , and all else will be added . Like a moth to a flame , all will be attracted to your Inner Light of Beauty & Peace . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
... that you can fool others , sometimes even yourself , but God always knows your truth . Uncomfortable , painful , even scary at times , truth is always better than lies . Remember , God always knows 
If you recognise the Light and highest potential within another , it is because you recognise the Light and highest potential in yourself . If you choose to only see the darkness and lowest potential in another , it is because you only choose to see the darkness and lowest potential in yourself . Ask yourself , \how can I change the lens through which I view myself and the world around me ? \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Never go to battle where there are no spoils . Many fights don't deserve the level of energy we expend fighting them . It is the subtle seduction of life to lure you into the abyss of endless conflict , resist ! Find something to be happy about and ignore the rest of it . You will never have this day again , don't waste it fighting battles that don't warrant that level of energy ! 
... that YOU are the gardner of your soul . Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul , instead of expecting someone else to leave you wilted flowers . 
... that the great advantage of having nothing is that everything becomes a gain . Losing everything is at the same time the scariest , as well as the most liberating experience you can have . When you have something , - anything , you've got to protect it from disappearing . And so worry becomes a resident in your heart . When you've got nothing , your heart overflows with gratitude for every offering you receive . 
\Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you . \ " Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer " 
... that understanding comes from love . You might believe that you need to understand another to love them . The truth is you need to love them to understand them . 
Do you love what you do ? Do not say \I will work in this job until I have the money to do what I really want . \ " That is a separation belief . Go directly to what you want . You will feel more alive and thus become more magnetic to abundance . ~ < PROPFIRST > Tann " 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that God accepts even the smallest offerings of your devotion with great love . \ 
Message from God \ 
The size of your offering does not matter to God . It is the attitude with which the offering is made that matters . 
Your physical mortality hides a great truth . Yet nothing can be revealed to you until you choose to see it . Like a man wearing a blindfold , he cannot know the beauty of the sun until he gives himself permission to take it off . What is this blindfold that we wear ? All of the limiting beliefs , perceptions we hold about ourselves and , ultimately , life itself . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
The < PROPFIRST > Fast\ 
The world continues to shake , but we are given an eternal and unshakeable kingdom . It's ours for the taking , but we must pursue it , walk in it and live in it . God has provided , but we must choose it and receive it . The unshakeable life in Christ is ours . Let's walk in this truth today for ourselves and for all who witness us . 
Remember to be kind to yourself . Treat yourself with < PROPFEMALE > , gentleness , and compassion . Love every aspect of your Self , including any perceived imperfections , and every relationship in your life will be transformed . The outer always matches the inner . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
... that there is much more good in this world than bad . Don't let the media fool you . There are kind , good-hearted , generous , loving people all over this world . They just don't get nearly as much attention as the ' bad guys ' . Remember that there is goodness and love all around . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that you don't go to find meaning in life , you bring meaning to your life . \ 
Meaning isn't something out there waiting for you to discover . The meaning of your life is what you infuse it with - beauty or ugliness , happiness or sadness . It is totally your choice , and God wants it to be your choice because God gave you free will . 
Simply Positive\ 
Don't let fear take over & paralyze you . Store it , learn from it , cultivate it , CHALLENGE it , gather it into a \powerball within your core\ " . Then mentally USE IT to PUSH you into action ! Let it inspire/motivate a positive change OR a leap of faith ! Fear can be a big set-back OR a \ " fierce motivator\ " . Eat it up . USE IT to propel you towards something positive ! YOU ARE a fighter & you CAN do it ! :) S " 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that all emotions grow in size when practiced regularly . \ 
Practice love to have more love , practice hate to have more hate . Practice kindness to have more kindness , practice depression to have more depression . The choice is yours as always . 
52 Days of Wisdom - Day 5 : Don’t get down in the pit and start doubting what God showed you . Your dream is just as real in the pit as it is in the palace . Don’t be upset when you get put out of Potiphar’s house because God will stop you from becoming attached to things that are less than the dream He has for you . 
The hero is the one who kindles a great light in the world , who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by . The saint is the man who walks through the dark paths of the world , himself a light . - < PROPMALE > Adler 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that the way you are to others , is the way that God is towards you . \ 
When you treat others with love , respect and care , God treats you with love , respect and care . When you treat others with malevolence , God treats you with malevolence 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that when you expect nothing , you always receive a lot . \ 
No matter how much you receive , if you expected even more , you will be disappointed . No matter how little you receive , if you expected even less , you will be happy . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that it's ok to be there for yourself . \ 
Amidst all the expectations , demands , requests , take some time to ground yourself in God . Take some time for yoursel 
If you worry a lot , then day after day you are learning how to worry even better . If you think about doing something a lot , then you are learning how to think about doing . Every moment you are happy , you are learning how to be even happier . Every time you act , you are learning how to take an action even better . What is it that you've been learning today ? What is it that you want to learn tomorrow 
The mind is so strong that even unregenerated individuals have withstood dreadful diseases , fighting death to live long enough to say goodbye to a loved one or friend . Can you imagine what happens to that mind when the power of God lives and controls its being ? If the unregenerated can hold off death , then surely the born again can bring forth life . I believe in life in every area of your being . 
If there is anything that you have to guard in your heart , they would be faith , hope and < PROPFEMALE > . As life continues to sand away at you , you will lose some things . You may not want to hear that , but it’s true . You will lose some friendships . You will lose some relationships . You will lose some energy and some strength . Just make sure you do not lose any of the three : faith , hope , and < PROPFEMALE > – the three abiders 
See the highest and best in those around you and you will extract the best from them . If you allow past negative opinion or judgment to cloud your perception , you will extract their worst behaviour . Seeing the best takes practice but , in the long run , your effort will be repaid many times over . You will be free from the negative illusions of your own mind . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
T.D. Jakes \ 
When you become a person of faith the one thing the enemy tries to undermine most is unity because he understands there is power in unity that is utterly mind-boggling . One of the most difficult and yet most important things you’ll ever learn is how to get along with folk and how to maintain unity – in your family , in your marriage , in your ministry . We’re not in competition : we’re in collaboration . 
Don’t be limited by people who despise your growth . Sometimes people attempt to freeze you in a moment in time . They want you to remain the same way you’ve always been so that they will feel comfortable to also remain the same . Be free to change . Change is essential for growth . 
If you’re going to get anything from God , you have to step around some people . It’s not about them ; it’s about getting the help you need . If the belligerence of men can kill your dream , you have no right to obtain your dream . You have to be willing to withstand insults and keep on moving . Darts may be thrown on every side , but you’ve got to focus on your mission . 
Go after those things God wants you to have . By focusing on the future , you will motivate and encourage yourself to press forward . Rather than building a defense for where you are right now , spend more time preparing for where you will end up . Don’t allow your past or present condition to control you . It’s just a process that you’re going through to get you to the next level . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that creativity is good for the soul . \ 
Creativity is when your spirit gets a < PROPMALE > to play and express itself . So whether < PROPMALE > , dance , cooking , making music , writing , or creating a garden , let yourself go ! Create ! 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living ~ Re-post if you agree .. 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that everything that irritates you about others , is your key to understanding yourself . \ 
What angers you in another person is an unhealed aspect of yourself . If you had already resolved that particular issue , you would not be irritated by its reflection back to yo 
Don't buy the new Pepsi can coming out with pictures of the Empire State building and The Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi Left Out two little words on the pledge , \Under God\ " . Pepsi said they did'nt want to offend anyone . So if we don't buy them they won't be offened when they don't receive our money that has the words \ " In God We Trust\ " on it . How fast can you repost this ! " 
I CHALLENGE you all to say this prayer and see the working power of an ALL MIGHTY GOD !!!!!!! Psalm 37:5 “Commit everything you do to the LORD . Trust him , and he will help you . ” ( NLT ) Dear Heavenly Father , I entrust everything—my life , family , job , possessions—to Your control and guidance . Thank you for caring for me . I will wait patiently for You to work out what is best for me . In Jesus ' name I pray . Amen . 
Words to reflect upon : “We create our lives with our thoughts , so when we have a positive outlook we create more positive experiences . It works the same in the opposite , which is reason enough to stay upbeat . ” - DailyOm 
< PROPFIRST > Osteen Ministries\ 
God sees you when it feels like your dreams are on hold and you don’t know which direction to go . Be encouraged , because God has all the direction you will ever need , and He will share it with you ! 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that there is much more good in this world than bad . \ 
Don't let the media fool you . There are kind , good-hearted , generous , loving people all over this world . They just don't get nearly as much attention as the ' bad guys ' . Remember that there is goodness and love all around . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that love is a great investment . \ 
A new house , a valuable stock portfolio and precious gems may seem like good investments . But will they be there to comfort you in difficult times ? Share your joy in good times ? Or sit by you as you breathe your last breath ? Invest some time and energy in loving others and watch your investment gro 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that it's a sin to miss an opportunity to bless and to praise another being . \ 
When you see another doing something wonderful , or simply being breathtaking , come out of your shell and let them know how inspiring they are . Yes , even if it's a total stranger . Do not miss these opportunities to let God's grace flow through you . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that yesterday is a thing of the past . \ 
Do not be hard on yourself about things you cannot change . The past is past and it's time to move on . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that you belong . \ 
You are part of a community : people of faith . Worship with others , share with others , experience God with others . You are not in this alone ; you have an entire family of believers out there . Today is a good day to seek some of them out 
Dear Father , You know my heart so well . You know the many burdens that weigh on my soul , the many commitments that collect around my heart and the many obligations that clutter my schedule . Please remind me , Lord , of what is truly important . Reconnect me to the passionate priorities of my life : my relationship with you . Amen 
God wants you to know ... that kindness doesn't go unanswered . \ 
Even though it seems like thanks and acknowledgments for good deeds are in short supply , God notices them . When you feel like giving up because gratitude eludes , remember that God is delighted in your efforts . Don't stop showing kindness because you feel unappreciated , the author of good things appreciates you very much . 
< PROPMALE > did not assume that what God told him yesterday was the same thing God wanted him to do today . He was flexible . God may want to give you fresh orders and new direction . Just because your life went one way yesterday doesn’t mean that it’s going to go that way today . God said , “I’m getting ready to do a new thing in your life and if you’ll trust me in the change , I swear I’m going to bless you ! ” 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that all virtues , when practiced regularly , grow in size . \ 
Cultivate the virtues of love , kindness , joy , - and you will be rewarded with a life filled with love , kindness and joy 
A good mother thinks about her children day and night , even when they are grown . A good mother loves her children in a way that they will never understand . A mom will be there for her children when no one else will . A mom would take a bullet , stand in front of a train , and ask God to take her instead of her child . If you have a child or children that you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status 
< PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that today is going to be a great day . \ 
Don't start your day with a negative attitude . It's hard to understand why so many people wake up each morning feeling defeated when each day holds so much potential . The possibilities that today offers are endless , so eagerly anticipate wonderful happenings . It's easy to let blessings go by unnoticed if you're not looking . 
On this day of your life , < PROPFEMALE > , we believe God wants you to know ... that God will give you everything you need once you are ready to receive . \ 
God is abundant and is only waiting for you to make yourself ready to receive what you truly need . Think now what can you do to make yourself ready ? 
It takes courage to walk into an atmosphere that is set against you . However , if you’re going to get what you want out of life , out of God or any adverse situation , you’ve got to be prepared . People may be murmuring in corners , but you have to know that the mission you are on is so important that you cannot afford to worry about what people think . You must go anyway . 
