was told last night that I have the looks of both a Naval fighter pilot and a male model ... not sure where that came from , but now I'm re-thinking the decision to go into academia ... 

and then there was snow ... lots of it ... as far as the eye could see ... * sigh * 
So ... we're getting calls for snow in Alabama tonight ... so much for \global warming . \"" 
It's the Saturday before the semester begins and I'm in my office ... reading ... * sigh * 
Well , this is one way to start a semester . 
Ugh ... how many days are left in this semester ??? 
Alright , first week is done ... * heavy sigh * ... now I just need to get through tomorrow to my one-day-weekend ... I love grad school . 
* sigh * 
He was calling from his office at the Center for Peace and Democracy . 
being a poor ( graduate student ) sucks ... a lot 
Journal of Financial Economics , Journal of Law and Economics , Academy of Management Review , Strategic Management Journal ... what more could a guy ask for ? 
According to www.urbandictionary.com my name means \the act of being the sexiest person alive . \ " Awesome . " 
Thanks for the b-day messages everyone ! 
Can't wait for my awesome regression exam I'm about to go take ! 
Glad I made it to work today amidst this \Winter Storm\ " and all the snow we're getting ! " 
is addicted to FreeCell 
Good news in my meeting today ... * sigh of relief * ... back to the grind ... 
So ... we're supposed to be training and educating the future leaders of our country and we have signs on campus that give people instructions about how to cross the street ... really ? 
What the hell ( is < PROPFIRST>'s display picture ) , you ask ? These are instructions - to college students - for how to properly cross the street . Location : Auburn University . 
what's the superlative of frustrated ? 
The only thing that could make this day more beautiful would be for me to be outside enjoying it , not inside reading ... * sigh * 
Even without the 3D , Avatar is still a badass movie . 
Woo ! 1 final to give/grade , 1 paper to revise and turn in , grades to finalize , and then my semester is done ! 
HR paper ... done . Strategy paper ... done . Regression homework ... done . Final grades ... submitted . Hmmm ... guess that means I'm done ... for now ... yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss ! 
\We all moan for ice cream-like products . Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh \"" 
It's a good thing I didn't really want my computer to work ... not like I have work to do or anything . 
is it Friday yet ? 
Wow ... what a year ! Happy Anniversary , < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you ! 
ESPN Gameday at Auburn today ! WAR EAGLE !!!! 
they keep telling us that grades don't matter in our PhD program ... I hope they told our stats professor that ... 
WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!!! 
ugh ... how can it be nearly November already ?! 
has filled his day with statistics , a paper about employee religiosity , and research about dark personality traits in employees ... * bangs head on desk * ... and now it's time to go home 
\I have no plans to eat anyone tonight \"" 
WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!! STILL UNDEFEATED !!!!! 
What do Arkansas State , Mississippi State , Clemson , South < PROPFEMALE > , Louisiana-Monroe , Kentucky , Arkansas , and LSU all have in common ? 
... damn you , IRB !!! Just approve my protocol already ! 
A BIG thank you goes out to Grandpa , Poppop , Dad , Mom , < PROPFIRST > , and everyone else who stands or has stood in defense of our country ! Happy Veteran's day ! 
SEC West Champions !!!!!! War Damn Eagle !!! 
Iron Bowl champs ! War Eagle ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Cam juice , anyone ? 
Change your profile picChange your profile picture to a childhood cartoon character(s ) for the Fight Against Child Abuse . GOAL : to see nothing but childhood memories by December 6th ! BE UNIQUE ! :) ture to a childhood cartoon character(s ) for the Fight Against Child Abuse . GOAL : to see nothing but childhood memories by December 6th ! BE UNIQUE ! :) 
Now that the semester is done , maybe I'll have time to do something I really want to ... 
Has < PROPMALE > Cage always been this bad of an actor ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin takes < PROPFEMALE > + 8 camping in Alaska ... can it get any better ? I'm expecting some good comments for this one ; don't let me down ! 
It's funny to watch what happens when there's talk of \winter weather\ " down here ... " 
WAR EAGLE ! 
Thanks to The Ducks for one helluva game ; however , Auburn Came , Auburn Played , and Auburn Conquered !!! 
Egyptian pyramid builders were paid with a gallon of beer per day ... 
Thanks for all the b-day messages , everyone ! 
so glad the Biebs didn't get best new artist ! 
bribery is just another way of saying I love you 
When I was a kid I didn't have a computer , Nintendo DS , XBox , or Wii . I had GI-Joes , a bike and the outdoors . I didn't text my friends , I went outside and played with them . If I didn't eat what my mom made , I didn't eat . I dealt with it . I didn't think of talking back to my parents or I got in BIG TROUBLE if I did . Life wasn't hard , it was life . And I survived . Repost if you appreciate the way you were raised . 
Several trees came down ( fortunately none on the house ) and the power is still out ... neat 
When will my papers learn to write themselves ? 
Tired of being frustrated , and frustrated because there aren't enough hours in the day to get things done ... * sigh * ... where did that light at the end of this tunnel go ? 
is officially half way done with his doctorate . 
A fun but exhausting weekend . Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Taube !!! 
oh Brandon ... you're always good for a laugh 
watching the GOP debate ... these ' answers ' sound just like the ones we heard last time ... they didn't work then , why would they work now ? 
CONGRATS to Chef < PROPMALE > !! 
Happy Father's Day , Dad ! 
celebrating being married to my bff for the past 2 years ; yesssssssss ! Love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
one more final exam and the term is done ... finally ! 
is an officially published academic ! 
WDE ! 
Tigers win ! 
Could it be true ? Is Chipoltle coming to Auburn ? 
' Washington is the stud farm for all of the jackasses in < PROPFEMALE>' 
Thank you , Auburn , for confirming that you can't win a football game when your defense decides to sit the game out . 
Why does Facebook constantly feel the need to overwhelm me with information I don't care about ? 
omg is this light seriously still red ? 
The world lost one of its most innovative , brilliant , and inspiring people today . < PROPMALE > Jobs , you will be missed . 
Do I want to write an exam or code articles ? Choices ... choices .... 
Interesting how they bleep the God but not the damnit on the radio ... 
