is glad Facebook has FINALLY passed MySpace ! Rejoice ! 

must take the 6-8 hour \investigative searching\ " online course in order to attend ctd . " 
< PROPFIRST > Mays died . That is four celebrities in four days ! 
is going to see the < PROPMALE > Potter movie ... in probably no sooner than a month . Who knows ? I may even wait for the DVD . 
has completed ALL of his APUSH extra credit ! Now to get onto the REAL assignment . 
has SO MUCH to do ! It is this kind of thing that I forget when I decide I want to come back . 
finally has free time but has nothing to do . Fantastic . 
went to where he wanted to go and it was everything he wanted it to be . 
thinks playing cards at the lake is one of the best ways ever to spend time . 
is ahead of schedule , for once . 
thinks that felt like less than three weeks . 
finally has reason to want to be able to drive , that is , friends who live far away . 
hates school as much as the next guy , but is getting sick of having nothing to do . He certainly does not want school to start , but he will welcome the break in the monotony . < PROPFIRST > also thinks he is the only person who bothers to keep these statuses in the third person . 
is at peak productivity . 
is mowing the lawn . 
finished mowing the lawn . 
needs to get his desktop working so sudden inspiration at night does not make it necessary to go find his laptop . 
does not know why his brain works the day it does . If he had the time or the focus , he would certainly read up on it . Given that he has neither , he will have to remain in the dark until the planets ( classes ) align and he ends up with no homework one day . 
finished his paper . 
will not have a mattress until Saturday and should probably move his toothbrush into the basement ... 
is always working ... happily . 
spent the first two days of the weekend relaxing and is now paying for it . 
is going to do an hour of Chem and then be done for the night . 
is working as usual . He is also considering whether or not continuing his ongoing effort to keep statuses third-person is worth it . It keeps him thinking , but it also limits his expressiob to an extent . 
hates when reading is assigned for homeowork . It is nor because he does not like reading , he love it , but because it is the one kind of homeowork that requires him to turn the music off . 
actually finds this APUSH note-taking interesting . 
does not own a pair of pajamas and wears comfy clothes every day , what is he to do ? 
loves how Impromptu skills can be applied to so many things in school . He was also only recently informed of the four day weekend . 
wonders how many other people are sick . 
knows who you are . 
wants their to be more time . 
really should not be wasting time on this math homework . 
must find the middleground between writing an interesting an essay and writing an essay that will be complete by the due date . 
had forgotten how fun it was to read Plato and will have to do so again when all this work is done . 
cannot possibley finish everything . 
has a moderately large amount of work to do as opposed to an incredibly large amount of work to do . 
Less School , More Learning . 
thinks the Facobook update is nice and does not understand why people hate change so much . 
still needs to write his info ... 
has a suit ! 
might just have to buy a nook ... or ask for one for Christmas . 
needs to find someone who actually knows what they are talking about . 
is working on dialecticals until further notice . 
is winning . 
needs to memorize this speech by Saturday ! 
must remember . 
needs the break to start NOW . 
has a goal for break : Read a book 
wants to work for Google . 
should do some homeowork . 
loves a world in which he has blogging homework . 
said he wouldn't do it , tried so hard to prevent it , but somehow ended up waiting until now to work on his paper . What would I do without Vitamin Water ? 
is satisfied with his completed paper . Time to relax for what remains of the night ! 
must be human , because he sure isn't a dancer . 
is in a tree . 
really would appreciate anyone linking him to a full text of the Grapes of Wrath that he could copy-paste quotes from . 
wishes everyone a happy First of May ! 
has a special place in his heart for < PROPFIRST > Wolfram . 
has too much he wants to read and not enough time or focus to read it until school ends . 
is AP US History . No biggie . 
is about to be watching Iron Man 2 . 
thouroughly enjoyed Iron Man 2 . 
went to the Midwestern Anime Central Convention and actually enjoyed himself . I guess I'm one of \those people\ " now ... " 
is enjoying the cool night and the < PROPFEMALE > . 
trapped in the cafeteria with Price for an hour . 
has now seen The < PROPFEMALE > Bride like eight times . 
saw Toy Story 3 and almost cried . It was amazing . 
has internet at camp . Now I can make myself at home . 
is up at 6 during the summer ... 
is almost definitely crazier than you are . 
loves his life . 
just explored the \Watchmaker\ " analogy in-depth and is disturbed that anyone can find it convincing evidence for intelligent design . " 
is FINALLY watching a new episode of Futurama ! 
wants a Doctor Who trench coat . :/ 
cannot , for the life of him , figure out how to hold a pencil in a fashion that does not cause severe hand pain . 
is wearing sunglasses to do his homework . 
I'm not losing my love to a piece of coiled metal . xP 
had a lot of fun at the football game for someone who doesn't enjoy football . 
thinks \nonlinear\ " means \ " more unnecessarily complicated\ " . :/ " 
is now the proud owner of a Kindle case . :D 
FINALLY got a TMBG CD ! 
No matter how many days long it is , the weekend is never long enough . I\m looking forward to this short week and the packed weekend to follow ! " 
CONAN !!! XD 
is using the hand jive with great success ! 
just realized that with the new font size and orientation , making statuses that describe and action in the third person no longer makes sense . :/ 
\Stop that < PROPFEMALE > blonde woman ! She stole my baby ! \ " The Office is still amazing . " 
I love it when the answer is \No Solution \"!" 
Visiting the extended family is great , but being away from home sucks . 
It feels good to be getting back into speech . It's stressful , but it's definitely worth it . I hope all my fellow team members are all too asleep to see this , but I wish them all good luck tomorrow . 
Misanthropy is either the manifestation of either narcissism or nihilism . It's existence is a scourge upon intellectuals , one that I seek to remove . 
Today is a magical day , of great joy and celebration , for the Doctor Who Christmas Special will be on ! 
I have conquered nine pages of \Poesie\ " . I'm beginning to really enjoy it ! " 
Sometimes I forget to appreciate how fan-tastic Wikipedia is . 
\Gandalf . I'm space Gandalf\ " -The Doctor " 
Recently I have been growing more and more interested in reading comics and/or manga . I don't know what to think of this . I think my friends are a bad influence on me . :P 
A majority of my day has been spent with Mylene Haus and it's been great . I will be hanging with her all the way into the wee hours of the morning . :D 
Listening to the Tron soundtrack . I had it up too high . Now the bass reducer is on to prevent further pain . This is amazing . 
EasyBib is the greatest website ever created . 
I could not have asked for a better Valentines day than the one I had with my sweet Mylene . Surely we must go out more often . :3 
I have a < PROPFEMALE > to create , but am wanting in ability to do so . I can't draw , paint , or even sing , < PROPMALE > is awkward in my hands , and musical instruments allude me . The bottom line : my lefty brain is unable to feed it's starving right side . 
Today , tomorrow , and Saturday are for homework , so Sunday can be for Pokemon ! 
I just finished Crime and Punishment . I think the ending was very good , and am wholly satisfied with it . I've already concluded that I will reread it , for pleasure , someday . Not soon . 
And the normal length weekend has begun . 
