* sour look * * mutter * 

It's not Sunday . I have to remind myself of that every couple of hours . It's not Sunday . You're just insane , < PROPFIRST > . 
just pulled an-almost-90-hour workweek , including host drama -- actually , host drama sums up most of it . And a silent ( canceled ) disco . 
got laid off on Thursday and will be back in the St. < PROPFIRST > area at the end of September . ( Switching POV now : I'm okay ) 
Survived the wedding . Am incredibly sore , but what a great time . 
Four days to Nanowrimo and still no absolute set plotline . This is a bit worrisome . 
I apparently need to log in more than once every two months . Facebook got busier on the eyes . Wow . Going away again now . 
< PROPMALE > says I have to be honest , so here it is : I miss how the hoodie in my profile picture used to have white in the middle of the Austrian flag . It doesn't anymore . 
Heading to California tomorrow ! 
apparently has a new dog ? 
Stiff , sore , sunburned , but writing , so that's a plus . 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! You all are amazing ! I'd reply individually , but FB kind of gives me the willies after seeing \The Social Network . \ " But you all rock ! " 
Buried in camera comparison websites . Should I save $400 ? My conscience says no , budget screams yes . 
Spent day bopping around Grafton with < PROPFEMALE > . Just looked at my pictures , and I've got some * amazing * shots . What , modesty ? Ha . 
Working on the pilot . What what , holla ? Yeah , I'm ... still white ... 
Tomorrow I get to fly out to Cali-for-naya . I hope Dad lets me stop in the desert and get some pictures on the way home . Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s desert pictures always look so cool . 
Dad and I made it back from California . Stopped only once to take some pictures at the Bonneville Salt Flats , but on the positive side , did get to see \Deeth < PROPFEMALE > Valley . \"" 
Went and started the process to sign up for college courses today . It feels nice to have a plan again . 
At the end of every October , I have a couple of days where I dread November and Nanowrimo . By Nov 6th , though , I always wonder why . 
Oh , right , I'm on Twitter now , too . I have an alter-ego , but my real < PROPFIRST > twitter name is AgentAspirin . And yes , that's my love for Fringe showing through . 
There ain't no freak in french fries . 
Saw \Morning Glory . \ " The state of the studio in which \ " Daybreak\ " took place was probably the funniest ( and most traumatic ) part of it for me . " 
Two exciting things happening in January : jury duty and classes in HTML and Javascript . Oh , wait , did I say exciting ? Whoops . 
The Pig finally died . Well , it didn't die , per se . It just got traded for a ten-year-younger model . Apparently I've become a skeevy old man . 
Classes are cancelled for tomorrow ! Man , when I was a little kid , that was like the greatest thing ever . Now it's like , \But I wanted to learn that stuff ! \"" 
Sister took 72 pictures of icicles in our backyard . This ... is going to be fun . 
I think I'd forgotten how boring textbooks are . I also think I wish I could forget that again . Reposted because verbs are great . 
This weekend was a friggin ' blast ! And now that it's over , to Photoshop . muhahaha 
Hmm . Funny how I only seem to remember I have a Facebook account when I should be writing . Or , you know , not being on Facebook . 
