I am thinking that it should be Friday but it is only Tuesday :( 

Why is it that every time I wear white , I get food on myself at lunch ? 
work work work 
Corporations , Bankruptcy , Wills , Trusts & Estates Survey ... my day sucks 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Leno on primetime and lovin it ! 
I have a new phone number everyone . Please update : 405-496-5390 
Playing the zoo game on Birthday Cards app ... very addicting 
Getting ready for class 
at work and wanting to be at home in bed 
It is only 1:30 pm and this already feels like the longest day ever . 
Looking forward to Friday ... no school , just work :) 
only one more class for the week ... I think I can make it ! 
I am enjoying a night to myself ... but I still miss my hubby 
is super glad it is Saturday ! 
Go Texas Tech ! We kicked Baylor's ass ! ( < PROPMALE > says we only won by a touchdown , but what does he know ? ) 
Dinner at The Mansion on Turtle Creek rocked tonight ! 
purple paisley 
I dont have kids ... I have dogs . 
At work until noon and then off to Vegas ! 
is really glad it is Friday . 
can't wait for doggie training class tonight . Niles and < PROPFEMALE > are going to do great ! 
It took until 11:15 pm last night , but Niles finally emerged from the creek bed in search of food and located his kennel that we put out for him . I am so thankful that my baby is no longer lost and is safe at home ! 
Spring Break is over :( Back to school and work as usual . 
OMG !!! A SUV just ran me off the road on NW Expwy . Thank God for quick reflexes and a dirt median with a broken curb at the perfect place . 
TGIF !!! And only 3 more days of class until finals time ... then the whole summer without school ! Yea ! 
Sunday golf with the husband 
Got to hole 6 but a tornedo in Ocarchee sent us home . So much for a < PROPFEMALE > afternoon of golf . 
My yard is quickly filling up with golf ball sz hail 
It's official . The roof , gutters and garage door are totaled . The air conditioner and fence need repairs . It's one hell of an insurance claim . Go hail storm ! 
Why does rain automatically mean people drive like idiots ? 
Just left a bridal shower and headed to Crest for much needed groceries . 
Nothing like going to work in flash flood rain on a Monday morning . On the nice side , gave an umbrella to 2 homeless guys after I flooded my engine and got stuck downtown . 
So far this morning I headed to work , got caught in a flash flood that stalled & flooded my Lexus , got towed , and am now heading home in a loaner car . 
On my way to an investment review at < PROPFEMALE > , then getting my hair cut , and heading to the golf range . A productive afternoon away from the office :) 
Is it wrong to be thrilled that State Farm totaled my flooded Lexus ? um ... Nope ! I get a new car ! Yippee ! 
Wedding photos and Italy photos are now posted :) Check it out ! 
It is a wonderful Tuesday morning and I am refreshed from my vacation weekend . Here's hoping my new car arrives soon ! 
I can't wait until 4pm . Drinks with a girlfriend , then dinner with our guys . I do love Fridays ! 
I am getting my new car this afternoon ! Yea ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Las Vegas !!! 
Thanks to everyone for the well wishes on my birthday . It's going to be a great day :) 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
I have always been told that you have to love yourself before loving someone else but sometimes the love of someone else allows you to learn to love yourself again . 
The weather is perfect and I've been stuck inside all day . TGIF 
I had a great weekend but now that I am at work I want my weekend back . * sigh * 
I'm so excited ! My parents are moving to Phoenix , AZ . 
I worked out this morning before work so I am feeling productive . 
class all day 
I can't wait for class to be over . 
I love that my personal trainer makes me hate him every Saturday morning . 
I can't wait for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > to get here on Friday ! We are going to have a fun filled weekend . If only it were Friday * sigh * 
It was 90 and < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . Today is 70 and < PROPFEMALE > . Welcome to Fall in OKC . 
My car said range 0 miles ... I arrived at the gas station 2 blocks later . Here's to that little extra at the bottom of the tank 
So , there was an earthquake while I was at the gym this morning . I didn't notice but apparently several other people did . 
TGIF 
4 weeks of classes ... then 2 weeks of finals ... then graduation ... Yea !!! 
Ugh ! I hate BarBri ! 
I officially groomed my dogs today . And I didn't mess it up . Go me :) 
TGIF ! Looking forward to dinner with friends this evening :) 
http://www.petflow.com/invite/uu429690\ 
Free Shipping of pet food and treats and litter every month . 
Uncle Bucky arrives this afternoon ! Yea ! It will be so nice to have a few day off to spend with family and friends . 
The \ 
test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed \ 
ideas in the mind at the same time , and still retain the ability to \ 
function . One should , for example , be able to see that things are \ 
hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise . \ 
\ 
-F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald 
I'm about to take my last law school final ... EVER ! No more school ! Yay !!! ( can you tell I'm excited ? ) :p 
Finals are over and law school graduation is on Saturday . Time to party !!! 
Had a great law graduation weekend with the family ! Now I just have to study for the Feb . Bar Exam . 
I am sick of studying for the bar exam and I only have to do it for 7 more weeks . * sigh * 
I wonder if I will ever get to old to no longer love cold pizza ? 
Just loved on rescue chihuahuas . Even though I have two rescue corgis at home it still breaks my heart that I can't take another dog home . 
Is it wrong that I love sex and the city 2 . I think not ! 
My dog is outside sunbathing ... in the snow . 
I am taking the Oklahoma Bar Exam Tuesday and Wednesday . Please pray for me :) 
1/2 of the bar exam is complete . My brain feels like mush . Wish me luck for tomorrow . 
