You know when your night was awesome when you spend the entire next day sleeping and puking ! New years resolution .. less shots =] 

Planning a vaca in June ! Huzzah ! 
Gotta look up and walk forward . Bravery is all that's left . 
Wow my job fuckin blows .. 
Joyous . We get to clean at work and I still need to clean my house .. 
Gobble liek a turkey ! 
Yikes .. luncheon with the higher ups .. manditory /cry 
I need a break 
Another day of doing things that are not in my job description .. joyous ! Someone get the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Gobble liek a turkey ! Huzzah ! 
Omgggg < PROPFEMALE > tired ... migrane .. and end of my minii vaca .. sigh 
Army of Two 40th day .. /hurray 
Ooo Tornado warnings ! Sexeh ! 
Happy mothers day ! 
I ish a Professional Turkey ! 
Needs to slap a feathery turkey ! 
Bachelor bachorlette party ! 
Busy next couple of weeks .. hopefully then it will calm down 
Anyone going the the ICP concert Thursday ? 
Happy Days Tour tommorrow xD 
ICP concert tonight ! Whoop whoop ! 
Last night .. was awesome ! Still stink of Faygo though 
Loong day tommorrow .. I can already see it =/ 
3 more days til my vaca in < PROPFEMALE > 
bedtime =[ but last day of work til next Monday !! I'mma miss mah babeh and < PROPFIRST > and and Sawah lolol 
I leave tommorrow ! 
I miss mah babeh 
Party night ! Whoop whoop ! 
Time to go home to my baby 
Well fuck me ! My flight has been delayed twice now ! One more delay and I will need to rebook my entire flight ! 
omg they better find my luggage soon or i will have nothing to wear to work 
Curious what really meant something and what was just a waste of time 
Its too nice outside to work ! 
I'm tired . Don't want to get out of bed . I wanna go nuh nights ! 
Ugh long day thought it would never end ! 
I want a fucking timer ! Anyone see that movie ? 
Last one standing . Damn you < PROPFEMALE > I could have gone home early lol 
Omg glued to ME2 
Another night of 4 hrs of sleep .. ugh maybe its time to go to the doctor 
So I beat Mass Effect 2 .. and < PROPMALE > is gonna be busy with work so it's my last night with him until Satruday =[ messed up how we live together and I wont see the fucke ! 
\Work it harder make it better do it faster makes us stronger \"" 
Working security at the Foreigner/Stixxx concert .. huzzah for guarding fireworks display .. sigh 
Hair appointment today doctors appointment tommorrow .. fuckers better figure out a way to sleep ! Got 2 hours last night . Laaaammmme . 
Omg .. first night of good sleep ! I'm hyper too ! Woot ! Yay doctor and yay for good pills ! 
i broke my wisdom tooth =[ 
back to work tommorrow and housesitting for the next week 
Omg I'm a zombie today .. party Friday ! 
Pondering the thought about whether or not I wanna go back to school 
Mini vacation is over .. back home now . Hope I sleep oki . Night one without sleeping drugs . BRING IT ON ! 
Took the sleeping pills . Need a new bed nao ! 
I swear to God my dentist is out to get me . He pulled a tooth last week , gave me two fillings today , and he wants to pull another one of my wisdom teeth ! 
Went baby shopping ! Lol .. I'm not even pregnant yet 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Why am I always tired when its not bedtime ? And when bedtime comes I'm wide awake ? 
Stressed out about < PROPMALE > leaving at the end of the month and I won't even get the < PROPMALE > to say goodbye and work drama . For one day I'd like to work with men ! 
Sometimes I wish anger wasnt an emotion . 
Hmm .. what to do today .. what to do .. 
Found a place for my reception .. now just gotta find the place for my wedding 
One week til the A7X concert ! Whoop whoop ! 
Tired as fuck .. I don't want to do anything tonight but gotta clean cook and get the little ones their shots .. just what I need .. someone else mad at me 
I got 2 tix for tonights Avenged Sevenfold/Disturbed concert I need to sell . Paid 80 for both .. lemme know ! 
A7X tonight ! 
I am such a pussy . < PROPMALE > left today for 3 days , and I cried at the airport . UGH ! Come home baby ! 
Frustrated .. joy . Night . 
< PROPMALE > comes home today !!!! 
Just put down the deposit for my reception !! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > is going to kill me 
This morning I heard it was illegal to move overtime hours to another week for time and a half .. ex .. it was a holiday week this week so we had Monday off and say we did an hour of overtime this week . Can we move it to next week so we can receive OT as time and a half ? Please answer ! 
Dc centre is a fucking joke 
So I have a new venue and I found a dress but now I just want to cry and saw screw it all . My mom disowned me because < PROPFIRST > is in the wedding .. really ? Fml ! 
Halo reach .. hopefully I can enjoy some today 
I love how people forget to look in the mirror before making a comment =] Stupid people shouldn't breed ! 
Another day I wish I could be home 
Drinking by the fire with good friends . My kind of night . 
Sad face .. sleeping pills are an epic fail .. 
So umm .. fuck psu and my shitty armor and striking not for being terrible at synthesis . I quit .. again . 
Terrified of tommorrows doctor apt .. 
I will know the results in 3 to 5 days .. fuck my arm hurts . 
\You guys are retarded I'm going to play Xbox . \ " And I love how < PROPMALE > stares at me as it was said . " 
Omg will today end ? 
I'm so ready for bed .. but < PROPMALE > is still working .. sad face 
I'm so done for the night . Cookout at moms tommorrow and the Texas game . 
Moms house for a cookout and drinks by the fire . 
I fucking hate cox communications . 
< PROPFEMALE > on a stick ? Anyone ? 
We picked our song for our first dance . What nightmare will I have tonight ? 
Surgery at 4 .. god save me 
Just got home .. I hate anesthesia . I threw up all over the parking lot . 
Back to work tommorrow . This will be interesting . 
I'm healing good thank God . Bed time . Go Texas ! 
WOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! Eat it Husker Fans ! Go TEXAS ! 
Fallout New Vegas .. amazing . 
Picking out Bridesmaids dresses , stoppin out at Gamestop to get a new Fallout Disc and PLing < PROPMALE > becausse < PROPMALE > FINALLY came to PSU !! Took ya long enough ! 
Great news facebook ! My fucking car died ! 
Yay dentist today ! Gotta pull my other wisdom tooth 
Last nights dream included a huge centipede , an < PROPFIRST > , and me falling\ 
WTF 
Pictures tommorrow and o gotta make a hair apt for it .. sad face 
Talk about blast from the past ! Good old Dunlup and convo that brought back memories .. sigh .. good times . 
I get my engagement pictures back tommorrow !! 
So Umm .. I'm uploading some of my engagement pics !! 
Ok , my computer is uber slow , but I posted 13 ! lol .. 13 out of 228 pictures .. Yeah . F that ! Enjoy ! 
Packing to go to housesit my mommas place so I can watch < PROPFEMALE > . =] 
Happy Thanksgiving . 
Omg I'm ready to pass out but I got a million more things to do today .. sad face . 
I offically had the BEST week ever ! My sink flooded my kitchen , < PROPFEMALE > ate my netflix , I broke all my Psycho Wands , my Mom's basement flooded , the transmission went out on my car , annnddd i spilled sweet and sour sauce in my cube at work ! I am jinxed . 
Ugh .. touch me Friday !! 
Omg today sucks . Can I crawl back into bed until its over ? 
Omg I feel like shit 
Huzzah for overtime ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
So I'm debating on throwing a New Years party at my place .. Depends on how many people will come . 
What's everyone doing for new years ? 
Ugh I need a lawyer friend 
My work is stupid . How the hell am I supposed to know if we have work ? Lol 
22 hours of overtime in two weeks . Can you tell I'm desperate ? lol 
Wtf !!! Is a Mufasa !?! 
Omg I feel like a zombie .. I want to go home and sllleeeeeep !!!! 
I dun wanna work another Saturday .. 
Hoping the snow wont stop my flower shopping .. 
So I guess high school never ends ? 
I can't believe my wedding is finally coming together .. Picking out tuxes today and I hope the stupid DJ/Officant calls me so I can get him out of the way too ! Less than 4 more months !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Nut Cheerios anyone ? 
Yeah .. today sucks 
Friday !! Hopefully I can get something done ! 
Is it 3 yet ? I'm ready to go home and watch some < PROPMALE > .. 
Nuuu ... must sleep more !!!! 
Got my wedding ring last night 
Nothing like the one day I get to relax and game and my man takes over my xbox and TV .. Sad face 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
zomg .. still trying to get all the damn addresses typed up and I feel like I'm missing a ton =[ 
< PROPFEMALE > just says wow . Imagine that 
Spring cleaning huzzah 
Holy shit .. I think I'm addicted to WoW .. 
I want a day off ....... 
Another sleepless night full of nightmares ... joy 
I want more sleep .. I also want dance central ! 
I can't take any more stress .. sad face 
Ugh today I'm going home and passing out .. come on 3 pm ! 
Two more months ! 
Don't forget to mail your reply cards ! 
3 day weekend ! Woot ! 
Today is going to be a long day . Hopefully Xbox will keep me entertained 
2 days ago it was 77 degrees and this morning I wake up to a few inches of snow on my car .. fu Nebraska weather ! 
