School is going pretty good . I think it's not going to be easy , but it should be interesting . I love my history teacher . He yells in foreign accents during class sometimes ... and he's very interesting . I'm a facebook noob ( to use internet slang ) so I'm not sure if you can read this . So can you ? 

Well ... I'm in accelerated honors pre-calculus , band , english , spanish2 , tennis , and honors chemistry . My history teacher is from the east coast , but he's good at doing accents . I went to an information meeting about MIT today and it sounds like a great school for me . Also , I think I have a reasonable < PROPMALE > at getting in ( reasonable being relative of course ) . 
Me and my friend scared the hell out of many children during halloween . I went to his house and did sort of a haunted house where i ran a smoke machine and had kids open the door and walk in so that my friend could jump at them with a scythe . 
My first actions of 2011 : whipping my dad in a game of cribbage with Chopin playing in the background while waiting for paint to dry . 
I just added 11 CD's to my collection of classical music . 
It was raining so hard today that there was a tornado warning for Orange County . A tornado touched down in Long Beach but did no damage . Our back yard was flooded in several inches of water during the storm ( even though it is well-drained ) . The street was flooded and water was gushing UP the drains in the back yard because of the elevation difference . I was at school so I didn't get to see it ... ( sad face ) . 
I bombed my math final ( C+) so now I have to write this sad face emote . :-( 
Just got back from skiing at Snow Summit . I went down 5 double black diamonds without wiping out and I got 2 seconds of air on a jump , but I have no proof because my dad isn't crazy like me . :( 
I won $13 off of my dad during a round of golf today . 
THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ME OR ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS 
I finally got a new phone to replace by near-death Katana 1 . It was 5 years old and it used to be my mom's old one before she got 2 new ones . 
I just read about the Southern Tenant Farmers Union ( The STFU ) in my history book . Nobody listened to its demands it it was virtually unsuccessful . 
Ok , I'm gonna be bored this weekend because most of my friends are busy or gone . Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me ? Anyone ? 
I leave for a 5-day mission trip to Mexico tomorrow . 
I was playing soccer yesterday at the Jersey Milk Company's park in Ensenada , Mexico with mission-trippers and orphans when this guy walked up and wanted to play . I don't know what was wrong with him , but he had a hunchback and deformed features , plus he was missing his front teeth . He had trouble speaking Spanish and he was in old , cheap clothes . 
We figured out that his name was < PROPMALE > and he plays soccer in the park every Friday . He played against me in the first game and with me in the second . He was the goalie both times . Guess what ? That broken old man can play soccer and I'm probably not that much better than him at goalie . He was blocking balls and he knew basic goalie strategy , plus he could punt it pretty good . 
This guy was just happy to play soccer and he fit right into the team with college-level Americans and little Mexican kids who obviously play a lot of futbol . I don't really know what to think about it because I'm still shocked , but I can tell you this . DON'T JUDGE PEOPLE WHO ARE LESSER THAN YOU BECAUSE THEY MIGHT NOT BE LESSER THAN YOU AFTER ALL . 
I'm not kidding . This actually happened exactly as I have presented it here and I will be angry if anyone posts an insulting or sarcastic comment . I'm serious . 
I just found my new favorite piece of music . < PROPMALE > Ferguson : Chamelion . 
I just got back from picking my mom up from the emergency room . She had a reaction to anti-biotics and her throat swelled up . She's ok though . 
More bad medical news from the Scanlan family . It's the dog . She had a cyst INSIDE her spinal column and they had to take it out early this week . The surgery required the top of the dog's spine TO BE REMOVED , and the SPINAL SACK PENETRATED , EXPOSING THE SPINAL CORD . They had to scrape the cyst off and put the dog back together again . Now , she's pretty much not allowed to move for 3 weeks . 
I went to Howie's Game Shack today and I did not lost a single game when I was playing Call of Duty ( approx . 3 hours ) . In a game of free-for-all , I ended with 100 kills and the second place guy ( my jealous friend < PROPMALE > Orellana ) was in the low 50's . I would say my average was victory by a 25% margin . Everyone was accusing my of cheating . This has never happened before . 
So anyway , I go to Hawaii on friday morning . I'm buying a new trumpet . I'm coming very close to finishing a very long and very hard philosophical quest . I'm going to get all of my classes next year and I made Wind Ensemble . I just got a hair cut . School is almost over . Oh , and there's a pretty good < PROPMALE > I'll be able to volunteer at a homeless shelter a lot over the summer . So yeah ... 
I honestly don't feel summer . It's just not there . I don't even feel like it's Friday and if school continued for another month , it wouldn't be all that bad . 
I'm getting a new trumpet tomorrow ! It's beast . 
Ladera fireworks were pretty epic . 
I got a 5 on the AP US History test . 
I'm installing new appliances in my mom's kitchen . They're not being very cooperative . So far it's < PROPMALE > 1 , Dishwasher 3 and I'm still o-fer on the microwave . I think it got me 7 times already and now I need to go cut some custom steel parts to reinforce the cabinet because the stupid holes are in the wrong place . Bleh ?!?! 
Bragging rights goes to the person who can guess what I put on my dog's head with Photoshop . 
If you went to Wheatstone , you'd know . It's an inside joke . 
I'm going on a college visit trip in several east-coast states starting next Saturday . 
I finally got my mom's microwave installed !!! I had to reinforce the cabinet with 1/4 inch steel plate to get the bastard secured . Now it is over-engineered ! 
I saw Niagra Falls from Canada today . They actually have mounties ! I was also detained at the US border because our rental car was marked . I visited my aunt , uncle , and two cousins , who live outside of Rochester , NY . I'm now in a hotel in Syracuse , NY and I visit a college tomorrow . This is EPIC ! 
I LOVE Syracuse University . This whole college thing is a hard decision because there are so many great schools I can get into . 
I'm home from college trips in the north-east . My parents are in New York . 
Ok , so get this . I accidentally wiped the pictures of me standing in front on Niagra Falls . ( sad face ) 
I was at the park playing trumpet today . A nice lady gave me a dollar . This means I'm a professional , paid musician !!! I'm making bank , baby . 
Oregon State University may just be the perfect college for me . It will be very hard for me to chose between OSU and MIT if it comes to that . 
Now University of Washington is in the mix . What to do ? Oh , and I'm in Seattle ! 
I just got back from the original Starbucks in Seattle , WA . 
Back in glorious Southern California . Not really . I want to go back to Seattle so bad right now . If I could hop on a plane and ship off to college I would get in the car , drive to the airport , ditch the car , and go . Seriously . 
I successfully bought , built , and crashed an RC airplane . There's only some minor damage though . It should only take half an hour and $3 to fix . I also learned that it's a bad idea to fly on a < PROPFEMALE > day because < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is in control of your airplane , not you . Better luck next time . 
It's 2:44 PM the day before school starts . I'm doing calculus homework . I have to go to bed early to get up at 5:00 AM for a zero period AP class . I'm in my senior year of high school somehow and I estimate about 80 hours of work per week , which includes anything related to school or college and transportation time . There's something very wrong about this . 
I rode my bike 15.5 < PROPMALE > today to buy an electric motor from Hobby People . 
I love The Nutcracker Suite !!! 
I flew my plane today and I prayed that I would have success . I was great until I thought it would be a good idea to fly upside down over a building at low altitude . It hit the roof at 30mph . It looked like it took massive damage , but it only took 2 hours and $0 to fix . I learned how to rebuild a motor . No permanent damage+no repair bill+epic crash+learning new things = success . God answers prayers . 
It was 112 degrees outside today . That's way too hot . Why am I still in California ? 
I have a request . Will someone please pass the butter ? Thank you ! 
I vote to extend the length of each day by 6 hours . Who's with me ? 
Job : check . I'm a math tutor one hour a week for $20 per hour and I'll be doing more if I get more clients . Who said math isn't fun ? 
Got another tutoring client . I'm up to $40 per week . 
Jazz-Fest tomorrow night ! 
I saw < PROPMALE > Harrell and < PROPMALE > Grisset play a jazz concert at Soka University in a room with only 150 people . 
I belong in Seattle . I wore a T-shirt and sandals today in what has probably been the rainiest day of the entire year . I did not bring an umbrella or a jacket and I was excited to drive in heavy rain at night directly under the part of the clouds where the lightning was produced . 11 months to go ... 
Jak and Daxter : the Precursor Legacy for PS2 is the best video game I have ever played . I remembered how great it was and I bought a copy last week . 
Guess what : I don't get to do Halloween this year because it's on Sunday and I have to go to bed early for 0 Period the next day . 
I successfully designed and built a steerable tailwheel for my plane . 
It's 4:34 ... why am I up ? Oh , that's right , I had 8 hours of homework this weekend and I needed to get up early to finish it before 0 period . 
I is donezors too college applications !?!?! \I am done with college applications \"." 
California , you have officially broken the last sliver of hope in my he < PROPMALE > . \ 
\ 
Wherefore < PROPMALE > thou not in possession of intelligence ? Doth not thou see ? By what ability < PROPMALE > thou capable of simultaneously pillaging thine education system , pilfering thine own wealth and placing it conveniently in the wretched paws of debt , and permitting general decadence in thy society ? 
SAT in 1 hour . 
SAT = check . Can I have a cookie now ? Perhaps a Snickerdoodle . 
I hereby declare that I greatly enjoy organ music . 
I have decided to read The Leviathan by < PROPFIRST > Hobbes . 
Successful flight today . My tailgear works perfectly !!! I went flying at the bottom of the Tesoro hill by the tennis courts and I used the street as my airstrip . I'm very satisfied with my flying skills and my increasingly epic plane . I have also decided to build a bomb-bay to drop pebbles on ducks in a pond . San < PROPMALE > ducks , revenge shall be mine ! 
New favorite rock band : Trans-Siberian Orchestra ! 
I have started to compose a piece of music for Flute , Clarinet , Trumpet , Violin , Trombone , and Tuba . It shall be called A < PROPFEMALE > Day . 
I composed ANOTHER piece of music ! This is quite fun !!! If anyone would like the score or the Finale file , let me know and I'll email it to you . 
I saw Dimitri < PROPFIRST > at the Wiltern last night . He was epicly funny . 
If I had a nickel for every time I've lost a nickel , well , I suppose I would break even . 
I ate the best food I'VE EVER TASTED at Mr. Stox , a 5-star restaurant , and then I saw Trans-Siberian Orchestra in concert at the Honda Center . I had a good day today . Wow . 
I have completely fixed the plane that I crashed into a very large bridge without spending any money at all . It flies !!! I also finished building my new gas plane , which I will not crash into a bridge . 
So , I turn 18 years old in a week and a half , but i have absolutely no birthday ideas . The best I can come up with is fly my plane , go to church , and then go home . It's a Sunday , so I have 0 period the next day , but I can do something on Saturday , however I'm even more clueless . Ideas please !!! I need something to do . 
I have found that the better I get at music performance , the more I realize how many mistakes I make . 
I am absolutely realizing that God speaks to us if we listen , that He answers prayers even better than we asked Him , that His plan is even better than anything we can come up with , and that He's got some serious love for us . 
I flew my gas plane today !!! She flies great and I returned with exactly the number of spare parts I started with , all of them in working order . 
My 18th birthday , being a special occasion worthy of jaunty festivities , I shall not celebrate upon the official day , this Sunday . \ 
' Tis deserving of attention and I wish to celebrate but soft , period 0 I awate . Yea , yea , my heart doth speak , but nay , nay , ' tis another week . 
PUTTHIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! ( : 1 = Crazy , 2 = I'dMarry You , 3 = Talkative , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I Miss You , 6 = I'd Kiss You , 7 = Moody , 8 = Dumb , 9 = Energetic , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = Random , 12 = Hot , 13 = Funny 14 = Fit , 15 = Amazing , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute 
My dad got me a Leatherman multi-tool for my birthday . 
So ... today . I woke up , and it was beatiful flying weather . I went flying with < PROPMALE > before church and I didn't crash my planes . I also bought myself a ducted fan jet yesterday . \ 
Then , I went to dinner with my dad at Maestro's Ocean Club in Newport Beach . We took an Aston Martin : Vantage , stick shift to dinner . I was allowed to drive it home . Wow , what a day . Alas , period 0 awaits me tomorrow . 
This whole being 18 years old thing is weird . 
Why does this box always ask what's on my mind ? I think this is a creeper box , or perhaps a Soviet spy . 
I think I finally fixed the glitch in one of my planes and I got another one . I think I'm good for now . Maybe I'll get another over the Summer , but I'm definitely done for now . 
1 moar dai until brake !!! 
My friends , you have given my an excellent birthday party . Thank you all . 
I just finished building a bomb bay for one of my planes . Now I can go bomb a duck pond with a pound of pebbles . 
I just did my interview for MIT . 
I'm not really having a good break . I wish it were over so that I can get on with the rest of the year as soon as possible . 
So , get this . I went bowling today for the first time since I turned 13 . My first four frames : strike , strike , spare , strike . It went downhill from there , but I still won the first game against three opponents . 
So , get this . My disk drive breaks within a week of my warranty expiring . Don't you just love how they design these things to break as soon as the warranty expires ? 
My organ sonata and my string quartet are now finished . If anyone would like to listen , let me know and I will email you the file so you can listen to it in iTunes . 
The Dude abides . 
I quoted scripture 4 times in my research paper for English . 
Well , off to Seattle . 
I just visited my best friend < PROPFEMALE > at her dorm in Seattle , had dinner with her , and had an epic prayer session with her and her friends . Life is good this weekend . 
I just wrote my essay today . I either nailed it or bombed it . If I have a Christian audience , I'm in the final round and I think I'll win . If I have a non-Christian audience , they might advance me but I doubt I will win . It's supposed to be a Jesuit college , so it can go either way , but I think one of the judges is a Christian and another one is a leaner . The other two are unknown . I had a good day . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see who gets it and follows the instructions -- P.S. Don't give it away as reply 
Well , unfortunately I'm back . I am so thankful that I get to go to college in Seattle , but for right now , it is painful to be here . 
Finals beith next week . I'm so glad the year is half over . 
Wow . The semester ends tomorrow . 
Go Packers !!! 
OMG !!! Packers win the Super Bowl . PACKERS WIN THE SUPER BOWL !?!?!?!?! 
I've worked myself into a terrifying cycle of over-thinking . This one's pretty bad . I need you guys to pray for me . 
