Getting ready for a fun night out !!! Hope everyone has a good good beginning to the New Year ! I am hoping for a much improved year myself ! I guess it really cant get worse !!! LOL 

is home doing some house junk ! I have accomplished my 13 miler today so that was great !!!! ( Thanks for the great run < PROPFEMALE >!!!) 
Heading to Spokane for a few days . We leave Thursday morning . I wish it was for a different reason . My grandma was the 79 yr old woman killed on 395 sunday . I am missing her much like every other person that was blessed enough to have her touch their lives 
Life sucks ! 
Thank goodness for good friends !! I dont know what I would do with out them ! 
is hating the sound of the fridge . It is like a constant reminder that I am alone . With out friends I dont know where I would be . Thanks for everyones words of encouragement . 
Today was better . Still feel out of it . I find that time passes so quickly and I am not getting anything done . I cant believe it is almost 9 ! I noticed it is really some of the little things that get me the most :-( 
Had a bit of a rough morning . I keep waking up to not so great dreams :-( I hope today gets better !!! Well I know it will cause it is < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday !!!! 
so far so good with the crying !!! I am in the home stretch now !!! 
talking with my bro !!! thank goodness for him ! 
is finally getting in the shower ! Less than 24 hr cancel ! Love those !!! 
Its a beautiful mornin !!!! I will write off my dream as just crap that is on my mind and start a new !! and I have a goal for today ! 
Wow !!! that is shocking !!! I didnt think I was that pessimistic !! I didnt think my answers were that bad ! 
Still at work for a bit longer . It has been an up and down day . 
Ok test is paid for that means I have to take it ! Feeling overwhelmed with life !!! But I am remembering to breath ... most of the time ! 
Bed time for me !! I think I had a pretty productive day !!! Yippy for me ! 
I am up and that is a start . 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > and then it is time for dinner !!! then a run !!! Then wine !!!! 
Back from a fabulous run !!! downing some water !!!! Feels so good ! 
Technology ... gggrrrrrrr .... I hate being displaced ! 
around people and loving it !!! Bad morning :( good afternoon :) I am sure the evening will be good also ! So I hope I can chalk the day up to good ! 
Will be home later ! I think I am a bit hungry ! 
Is going to bed ! I am tired ! Night < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Off to bed ! I had a great day !!!! 
Is up having a little coffee and a yogurt then a run then ... 
What a day . Good night all 
I am up ... the weather looks how I feel ... depressed and rainy ... but like Oregons weather maybe it will change soon 
8 years of memories and stuff is hard to go through :( 
Bed time Night all !!! 
I am up drinking some water and trying to get motivated to go for a run ... 
Good night everyone ! Hope everyone had a good weekend ! 
Ok I am up ... I only woke up last night one time so that is an improvement . Now if I just wouldnt dream ... That would be ideal right now ! 
I found a song that explains how I am feeling ... No Air by < PROPFIRST > sparks . ok yogurt and some water then my run ... For real this time . 
Back from my run !!!! I did an hour ! and I got in 6.53 < PROPMALE > !!! Less than 10 minute < PROPMALE > !!! I am glad my slump hasnt effected my running !!! I still got it ! Now shower then to start my day ! Wow I need to run more I feel so good ! 
I am up !!! Had a a fun night !!! Thank goodness for friends !! 
Off to bed ! Must go for run in the morning !!! 
Ok I need a damn dream catcher !!!! Another restless night !! :( Anyone have one I can borrow for a while ? Ok I woke up at 6 to go for a run but it was dark !! Tonight it is a promise ! 
Sweet life is looking a little better in the tax department !! I guess someone out there doesnt think I am too bad ! 
Had a good day ! Now to meet up with a friend !!!!! 
woot work done time for moving some $hit !!! 
So I am not totally unpacked but WOW it is an amazing feeling to finally have my own place !! It feel so good !!! Looking forward to decorating ! and cooking some meals !!!! < PROPMALE > we are going to have fun ! Welcome everyone to the man hater ( at least for a little while ) apartment of < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!! 
OK time to get out of bed ! I realized I dont have any food at the new apt yet !!! We also dont have a shower curtain < PROPMALE > yet but I think I will still shower !!! 
Working !! I am amazed at the difference a place to call home will make on your mood and outlook ! 
Life ........... who knew it would be so hard and complicated . How about I go to bed tonight and then someone pick if I wake up 2 years ago or 2 years from now . Either one I am fine with I just dont want to be in the here and now . 
Ok I think I have everything fromt he temporary house to bring to the apt . But if not it is ok ! 
Made it to Spokane . It will be just a short trip . I will have to come back up and see everyone !!!! 
Hanging out with my Mommy and Dad ! Relaxing !!!! 
Slept good last night !!! What a nice feeling ! 
Ok I am offially an addict of Facebook ! First thing I did when I got back to a place that had internet ... Check fb ! Ok must shower !!!!! 
Wow can life suck any more ? Really ? One day you think ok this can work I knew there was a reason I didnt give up then the next not even 12 hours later its all gone again . I just dont understand life . 
Well it is a new day . It looks like a rough road with some rain along the way but when I look really close I can see a beautiful rainbow and a lot of sunshine !!! 
F !!!!! I am home ! Not complaining jsut damn tired !! Night all ! 
Super excited to go to the \event\ " with the hubby tonight ! I have no clue what it is !!! I am super excited ! Love you babe ! " 
I am hungry ! 
eating and a little nap ! 
Had an amazing time last night ! Thanks Zach !! Dinner then the Killers !!! It was an amazing date !!! Even if the sweaty guy next to us kept jumping and touching us with his sweaty back !!!! I love you Zach ! 
Good Night ! I am too tired ! 
Good night facebook 
Had a good day ! I Love my hubby !!! And I like 50 cent taco Wednesdays ! Maybe we will try 50 cent taco Tuesdays next week !!!! 
my day seems so long ! I guess that is what I get for starting work at 630 this morning !!! But I am holding strong ! and I get to see my babe tonight ! 
Wow a full day ! I am excited to sleep in tmw !!! Hoping for another good day ! 
I am up and excited for what the day can bring !!! 
Hanging out ! I loved the smell of the air when I first went outside today ! I love Fall ! 
Back from my run !!! 6.25 < PROPMALE > in 61 mins !!!! Not to shabby !!! Now for a shower !!! 
Monday Monday dah dah dah dahdahdha ...... 
Off to work I go ... Again ! I wish I would have remembered about House on Mondays before I accepted this Monday night job !!! I guess money is good though right !?! 
Ok time to get moving !!! No I have not been just sitting !! I have been being a little productive !! But time to do some other stuff that doesnt envolve the computer !!!! 
I had a busy day yesterday ! I loved every minute ! If I could have changed one thing it would have been to spend a little more time with my < PROPFEMALE > . An hour of together time since Saturday can be hard ! I would not want to change our carreers though ! 
I am up but I would rather still be sleeping !! I can sleep in on Saturday though !! Looking forward to tmw becase my sweety will be home ! So I guess today doesnt seem so bad ! 
I am having a pretty good day !!!!! 
I want a lazy day !!! I hope it happens !! 
So far relaxing is going great !!! Now I just need to figure out how to watch Season 2 of Californication so I can catch up with the hubby ! 
Ok I feel completely exhausted I am so glad I have Tuesday off ! Then Thursday we leave for the Marathon in San < PROPFEMALE > ! I am excited to be driving down there with my hubby ! 
Had a great day !!! Thanks babe !!! 
Ok I am getting in the shower !!! Good morning !! I like rising with the sun or when it is up already ! I cant see it !!!!! 
Lunch time WOOT WOOT !!!! I am so hungry !!!!! 
its off to work yippy for me :( then Tmw we leave for San < PROPFEMALE > !!! I am excited about that !!!! 
I am awake . I have a cold . I hope it goes away quickly . I didnt breath most of the night !!! It can only get better right ? 
homeward bound more tea and soup ! 
Is off to bed . I hope I feel a little better tomorrow !!! 
At work ... and it is an ugly day today . 
Off to bed . I hope this cold is better tmw ! 
I had a Great day hanging out with the wonderful hubby and our friend < PROPFIRST > . We didnt do a whole lot but it was really nice to just be ! 
Well it was a rough morning loosing keys , slamming foot in door , pay to swap tires because I hit a curb last night !!!! It sucks because I cant blame anyone for these !!! Just myself !!!!! oh well such is life !!! 
Good night all !! It was nice to go to the movies today . 
Ok I have finally moved from bed to the couch !! I love lazy days !! I am just drinking coffee and soon going to read for a bit ! Then to Vancouver to < PROPFEMALE > out with my < PROPMALE > family !!! I love them so much !!! 
I am hungry !!! However I have a delema ... I am lazy and I dont want to make anything or go get anything !! Hey < PROPMALE > when will you be here ? Want to make me food !?! 
I am out of bed but that doesnt mean I am up !!! 
Californication here I come !!! To bad I am on call tonight a glass of wine sounds so nice ! 
I am off to bed . I hope the weather holds up and it is as beautiful tmw as it was today . 
decisions decisions !!!! purple or red peep toe pumps !?!?!?!?!!!!!! 
Ok shoes bought !!! I hope they fit !!!!! I am so excited !!!!! 
Wow it is < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!!! 
I loved listening to the rain lasst night as I feel asleep ! Mother Natures lullaby !!! And I have had a good start to the day as well ! Walked to Starbucks for my cup of < PROPFIRST > and now to pack and get ready for my fun filled day with < PROPFEMALE > !!! ( she is great by the way ! ) 
Shower time ! Then movies !!!! 
Good Night ! Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > for a great weekend ! 
Ok I am out of bed . Other than that I cant say much ! I guess Monday is here . 
I am bored !!! Still have more work today . Off at 8p . 
Feeling pretty good considering I couldnt sleep last night ! Or the night before !! Ok I am getting up already . 
A huge Thank you to all who have served or are currently serving our wonderful nation . Thank you for risking your lives so that I may enjoy mine . Thank you ! 
What a great day ! Time for bed . I hope sleep doesnt elude me yet again tonight . 
Has had a nice relaxing day !!! 
I am off to bed ! Holy cow it is < PROPFEMALE > !! And I am a little scared because there is a huge spider loose in my room and I tried to kill it but failed !!!!! I hope it doesnt seek revenge ! 
I am tired today !!! No good ! But hey it could be worse !!! I will accept tired ! 
Good night ! Wow long day ! And another one tmw ! 
More Work no thank you !!!!! But I am off anyways ! 
Ok fishes fed and tank cleaned !!! Off to bed I go !!! 
What a day 
Ok shower time ! 
it is definitly winter ! It gets dark so early ! 
Sunday Sunday ... Please be a quite one !!! 
What a happy day !!! And it isnt even over !!! 
What a beautiful day !!! 
Welcome December ! Wow this year is flying by !! 
Off to bed ... Lame ! 
Yummy Breakfast complete !!! Bacon , hashbrowns and a cinnamon roll !!!! Oh and dont forget the coffee ! Godo way to start the day I say ! 
Off to bed ! Stay warm everyone ! 
aaahhhhhhh !!! Clean sheets !!!! Good night all ! 
Good Morning now time for my afternoon nap ! Then some work ! 
Off to bed ! What a nice day I had ! 
Tea then a nap ... I hate getting sick :( Oh well hopefully I can kick it before it is too bad ! 
Ok off to bed again ! lol 
Home ... hating the slow internet ... should do the dishes ... 
Up and having coffee with my Mommy ... explaining Happy Aquaruim and FB !!!!! Loving it ! 
Wrapping complete !!!!! Yippy !!!!! I actually feel in the festive mood now ! I had not felt that much of the Holiday Spirit until today ! 
Cant wait to see what < PROPFEMALE > brings me !!!! I better get to sleep ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was super good to me ! I love my Mommy !!!! 
Ok enough fbing ! I need to get up !!!! but the bed is so warm .... Ok Ok I am getting up ! Fun day today ! I am so excited for everyone I get to see today ! 
Good Morning !!! Mom and I are getting massages today ! Then I am spending time with some old friends !!! The guys may suck here but old friends are great !!! lol !!! 
Yesterday ... fantastic time with an old friend . why in the world do we let so much time pass without staying in touch with people that really touched and were such an important person in your life !?! Crazy life !!! Today ... Up to Colville to visit a little more family ! 
Off to the mall to exchange my pants . I hope I find some I like ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! I had a great time with you ! You are so wonderful ! You are truely a beautiful person . I am blessed to call you a friend . I cant wait to see you again !. Thanks for a wonderful night ! ~ and can I add also that spokane wow I forgot how odd it was !!! lol 
Ok Seriously I am going to bed !!! I told myself I was like 40 mins ago !!!! Crossing my fingers for a good day tmw ! My day was up and down today ! Hoping for an all up day tmw ! 
Had a great day ! I love those ! 
Movie then bed ! What a great day !!!! 
Man I love Boons ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for coming to keep me company !!!! You are fabulous ! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets .. So love The people who treat you right .. Pray for the Ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a Reason . 
If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both Hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life Would be easy , they just promised it would be Worth it . 
\It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves . \ " ~ Francois De La Rochefoucauld " 
The best way to have what you want , is to want what you have . 
Work is good but I am glad it is done !!! Now maybe a movie and then sleepy time ! 
Ok !!! Movie done roomie home ! Now time for bed . I will probably not be getting up early for that run I was going to go on !!! :( Boo to me ! 
I am out of bed that is a good sign ! Now to get ready for the day ! Feeling unmotivated today . 
Fortune : ... You deserve respect and will eventually get it . Interesting ! Yummy Chinese food for lunch !!!! mmmmmmmm !!!!!!!! Can I say nap time now !?! lol ! 
\You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of . You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life . \ " < PROPFIRST > Camus " 
Ok with another half of a large pizza down ( see sunday ) and 3/4 of a bottle of wine .... i think it is bed time !!! I guess my life really isnt that bad !!!! lol !!!! Have I mentioned I love wine and I have the best people in my life !!!!!!!! Really ?!?! I guess I deserve it !!!! Ok 3.5 hours of work so far tmw ! I love my job ! :-) 
I love my Big < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
Night fb !!!! It was swell being on you today !?! Lets do it again tmw !!!! 
Dear body and mind , I am sorry I have deprived you of running for so long . I will do my best to not go that long again !!!!! Just got back from an 8 miler and I feel like a million bucks !!! Now to go shopping so I can make dinner for the the roomie and me !!!!! 
Dinner was a success !!!!! Now I have just 2 more things on my todo list ! They will go quick .... If I start them !!!!! heheheheheh Ok Ok I am doing it ! 
PS I love you !!! 
Peace Out peeps !!! I am off to bed !!!! ooooooofffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff ttttooooo bbbedddddd !!!! the last part was said in an opera !! Please when you read it make sure you read it in the correct dynamics !!!!! 
Want to make a shout out to my Roomie < PROPMALE > this morning !!! You are awesome !!! Thanks for making me my coffee !!!!!! You rock girl !!!! Have a fabulous day !!! 
Be glad of life because it gives you the < PROPMALE > to love and to work and to play and to look up at the stars . ~ Henry < PROPFIRST > Dyke 
You Cant Take It With You !!!!!! Saw the play last night with a friend and it was so great !!!! Took me back to hs for a bit !!!! I could see and hear people form hs doing their lines !!! It was so so fabulous !!!!!!! Funny how you forget how much you enjoy something until you experiance it again !!! I love going to plays !!!!! 
Off to the dog park with beautiful < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a blast at the dog park !!! Now it is shower time ! For me ... Not Bellla !!! 
Had a blast last night !!! Love dives and I love karaoke !!! B-L I dont know ! Cause I'm a blonde Yeah Yeah Yeah !!!!!! Thanks < PROPMALE > for finding the best karaoke song for us ! 
Ok so < PROPMALE > is making me start to move this morning . I appreciate it . I have been having a rough go these last couple weeks . Why is bed so inticing when you hate everything ? Ok not evewrything ... all the time . 
Well it has been swell ! Night night sleep tight ! 
MMMMMMMMMMM my dinner was fabulous !!! Enchiladas !!!! Thanks for the idea < PROPFIRST > !!! Oh and dont forget the wine !!!!! 
uummmmmmm excuse me !?!.... Bejewled Blitz is not working !!!!! WTF ? Mate !!!!!!!!! 
So I am up ... and Awake !!!!! This is a new experience for me !!! lol !!! having a bit of breakfast now then when I can see it is getting light outside I will go for a run then take sweet < PROPFEMALE > to see if any friends want to play then work !!!! That was a great run on sentence !!!! lol !!!! Welcome Wednesday !!!!! And Happy Hump Day facebook friends !!!! 
Home !!! had a great evening !!! now some fbing and then oh to my comfy bed !!!! 
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! A beautiful day in the neighborhood !!! Oh yes I did !!!! 
Friday .... Complete !!!! I had a good week !!! Staying around Keizer this weekend to relax !! Lots I should do ... we will see if if gets done !!!!! lol !!!! 
Will finally have my own internet !!! It can not come fast enough !!!!! 
What is for dinner one might ask ... Well tonight it is brie with rice crackers , bread with balsamic vinegar , and possible some chips and salsa !!! And a movie !!!! Sounds like a good good night ! 
Bought an awesome new mirror for the living room !!!! Sweet !!!! 
It appears to be a beautiful day !!!! I see sun shining !!!! Nice way to start the day !!!!!! 
Lucky us ... get router tmw !!!! aaahhhhhhh I can feel real internet it is so close !!!!!!!! 
Holy cow FRIDAY !!!! Wait why am I excited ... Work all weekend .... sad and smile face !!! lol !!! Well I do get most of the day Suday off so that is fabulous !!!! ~ Nothing is predestined : The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings . ~ -- < PROPMALE > Blum 
sweet !!!! internet !!!! soon wireless !!!!!! aaaahhhhhhhhhh feels good ! Well Monday ... You are here . There is no denying that . So I am going to say Welcome ... and I hope you are nice to me . I foresee an emotional day ... 
Today ... Not to shabby ! 
really when will it stop shitting on my head ?????????? 
Good Morning . I am hoping this rain isnt an indication of how the day will go . My luck today said it is in the 90%s so we will see !!!!! lol 
Doctors can be awesome !!! thank you for breaking the rules a bit ! 
Up .. Check , Run .. Check , Abs .. Check ! Now coffee and breakfast then work !!!! Aaahhhhhhh Thanks for the motivation < PROPMALE > !!!!!! ( and < PROPFEMALE >!) 
Frackin kids ... it llooks like some kids at the apts where I live tied a cat to a < PROPFEMALE > bush with electical wire and I think the poot things leg is broken . GGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ... Cant wait to see them playing foootball again outside my apt ... B$tchy neighbor they will meet . 
AAhhhhhhhh I love being right !!!! 
Bed time !!! Enjoyed my chocolate cake and coffee ice cream !! mmmmmmmm and dont worry I didnt forget the milk !!!! 
Some breakfast then < PROPFEMALE > and I aare off to the dog park this morning before I go to work ! And I see sunshine !!!!! 
Woot !!! Woot !!!! Oh beautiful day !!!! :-) 
mmmmmm I love bbq chips ! lol 
Had a fabulous weekend !!!! Now off to bed !! 
Oh Monday you have been good but I am glad you are almost over ! 
Woot Woot !!!!! Goot the wireless router set up !!!!!!! Yippy for me !!! And < PROPMALE > too of course !!!! We have entered the land of real internet connections !!!! the saga is over !!! 
Had a great day ! Lots of work , mostly great weather , wireless router arrived and installed , and a yummy dinner with the roomie !!!! :) 
Sleepy from a great weekend !!! Had such a nice time !!! Now ... back to the grind !!! Fortunatly I love the grind that is my work !!!! :) 
Dang facebook !!!! I am supposed to be focusing on invoicing !!!!! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > wants to go to the dog park adn I just want to not feel like poop . 
Dinner is served ... Throat coat tea and chicken noodle soup . And for dinner a Gatorade ! 
Ok I have been up for 5 hours time for bed again . First gargle and ibuprofen then I will lay my head down to sleep ! 
uuuhhhhhggggggg Long day !!! It was good though ! I feel better than yesterday and I think a long good nights sleep tonight will help so I feel even better tmw ! Hope everyone had a good Hump Day !!!!! 
Looking forward to the weekend !!! Woot !! Woot !!! 
Had a nice relaxing night in last night !!! and tonight ... Karaoke !!! Plus it is < PROPFEMALE > out !!! Woot ! Woot ! My life is good ! 
I have such great friends !!! I love you all !!!! I am having a great week !!!! I realize it is only Tuesday but really I am feling so blessed ! 
I am homeward bound ! It was a good day ! 
Good Morning ... Ok afternoon ! It is Thursday !!! I am glad everyone survived Hump day !!! Now just a littlle bit more and it will be the weekend !!!!!! aaaahhhhhhhh cant wait ! 
OK 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... get off of fb and get roomie to do the same so we can go drink and do laundry in that order !!!! 
ok drinking in progress ... Now if I could just find a washer and dryer !!!!!! 
What a great weekend so far !!! I love being lazy !!! Oh yeah and Karaoke !!!!!! 
Wow cant believe it is 530 on Monday !!!! this day flew by !!!! 
mmmmmm Rum and Dr. Pepper !!! Next on the menu ... < PROPFIRST > and Dr. Pepper !!! I am still hungry too ... dang it !!!!!! 
Hi ho Hi ho its off to bed I go !!! This facebooking has me all sorts of worn out ! Night all !! 
uuhhhggggggggg I need to go to the chiropractor .... anyone in Salem Keizer area know of any good ones !?! 
Chiroprator found ... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ... and I am stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving !!!! I am so full I feel like I am going to explode !!!! and now bed time !!!! 
I almost forgot to wear green !!!!!!!!!!!!! gasp !!!!!! 
one last job ( fingers crossed ) then home for a nap !!! it is only 130 but I feel like I have been up all day !!!! aaahhhhhhh nap , then dinner , then massage , then time to be green !!! 
Woot Woot !!!!!!!! My weekend has started !!!!! On my way home !!! 
I am hungry !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaahhhhhhhhhhhh !!!! what should I eat later !?! I should go home and make something ! but will I !?!..... lol ! 
Job this morning ... check ! laundry started ... check ! 2.5 mile run with Hooch ... check ! Now the hard stuff ... Getting < PROPFIRST > out of bed !!! 
Can I please just have one more Sunday before Monday !?! 
I am happy it is Wednesday !!! Happy Hump Day all !!!! The sun is shining , I got a new windshield that shouldnt leak , had lunch with a good friend , and I am done working between 330 and 4 today !!!!! Woot Woot !!! Good day ! 
Correction ..... We are going out tonight in the Couve or Ptown so ...... Anyone have ideas want to join !?! ( that is what I get for copying and pasting < PROPMALE>' status !!! ) 
The sun is trying to peek out ! that is so nice ! But it is still dang cold !!!!! I also want to take this time to Thank my roomie for having a great friend < PROPMALE > that made some yum yummy granola for us while she was here !!! and Thanks to my wonderful boyfriend for the antena for the tv ! One channel is better than none !!!!!!! Many things to be happy for tooday ! 
It is warmer today !!! Yippy !!!! Another day .... Hope for another dollar ! 
aaahhhhhhh work done for the day ! Now meeting with a most wonderful friend ! 
It is such a beautiful day !!! I'm loving it ! Oh happy day ! 
Oh and I am loving my hummus and rice crackers !!!! yum yum yummy !!!!! 
Its a F¤ck Sh¥t stack !!!!! 
anything that rhymes with What you talkin about < PROPMALE > ? anyone !?! 
Work done !!! i cant believe how it can just take one caller to make your day better !! I really love my job ! 
Some people call the the gasta of love .... 
You know what !?! Life is good !! 
OH Canada ..... 
pussy cakes pussy cakes I love you ! do do do ! 
ok < PROPMALE > its not your birthday Anymore so its ok of u go to sleep ! love you roomier ! 
OH Canada . had a great night thanks ! 
\The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Was thinking of doing a stir fry for dinner but I am rethinking that because I already dont want to cook for myself !!!! so I am thinking a sandwich !!!! lol ! But peanut sauce and veggies sounds so good !!!!!! 
I love that it is just getting dark and its 8 !! bring on summer ! 
I feel pretty ! oh so pretty ! I feel pretty amd witty and wise ! ( I think that is how it goes ! ) I also feel like a run but I don't know I song about that ! its . amazing what waking up and . getting ready can do for your outlook ! 
second wind where you at !?! Hey roomie can I nap unti you get home then go for our run !?! 
We are in !!!!! Marathon training here I come !!!! San < PROPFEMALE > in Oct ! it is a beautiful place !!!! 
it is rainy and . gloomy . It is still a great day to be me !!!!! 
\Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck . \ " ~ Dalai Lama " 
I was going to by myself a nice starbucks drink this morning because I Have been good and not bought one for a long time and the line was so freakin long !!!! I was really looking forward to a frackin starbucks ! 
loving Zombieland ! and hanging with Michaels sis !!!!! 
Nut up or Shut up !!! Woot Woot ! 
Now ... for the Hangover !!!! love this movie ! 
Thanks Spokane ! what a great day to run a 12k !!!!! Woot Woot ! < PROPFIRST > did better than me !!!! dang it !!! 
Good few hours at work !!! I am going home !! I am starving !!! I hope we have something to eat at the apt !!!!! 
It is so beautiful this morning !! Still cold but the sun is wonderful ! I hope the sun continues to shine !!! 
hhhmmmmm what to eat for lunch !?! I hear Burgerville calling my name .... I'm trying to ignore it but it is calling me so loudly and at such a vulnerable moment ... when I'm starving !!!! 
Bye bye sun ... Hello down pour ! I'm glad I put my umberella < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in my purse ! Finally I'm prepared for something !!!!! ( insert high five or < PROPFIRST > on the back here ! oh or Our really cool hand shake ! you know who you are ! ) 
Having a rocking day !!! ok maybe that is a litle over zealous !!! I am having a good day ! Home to clean then back to work for a bit ! 
Are you ready for ... us !?! 
Bed can have NO push bars outside of frame . 
I'm excited to be working today ! I do wish I could have snuggled with my longer though ! 
Should not feel tired . I do . I had a great weekend ! 
Time for left overs !!! yummy !!!!!!!! then I think bed early !!! I am still tired ! 
Tuesday !?! Feels like Monday . Thankful for some work today . 
Homeward bound . I am tired and I have a headache and I am hungry . BBBOOOOOOOOOO ! On a good note my mommy loved her mom/birthday flowers ! Roomie .... I am so so so so ssssoooooooo hungry !!! 
TGI ... Thursday !?! damn ! 
Today I'm missing the carefree days of high school . I want to skip work and drive around with out the consequences of oh not making any money ! This weather is bad for me ! 
Dinner ( pizza ) Done ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! Now on with the movie ! 
Loving this weather ! Also waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get his hair did ! Then we are going to EAT !!!!! I'm hungry ! 
huh top ramen doesnt quite sustain a person like it used to ! lol 
my pillow and looking at the back of my eyelids ! Goodnight FB ! 
Anyone else think the Real Men of Genius commercial are hilarious !?! 
I dont understand how i am so tired ! I guess just living will do that to a person ! Now for those damn bird to shut it so I can hit the hay !!! I know it is early ! I am exhausted ! 
Well got up to go for a run ... It is raining so I decided against it . And I bought the wrong ink cartridge last night ! Who knew I needed blue Ceyan ink to print black and white ! Gggrrrrrrrrr !!!! So I'm up .... I guess ill go buy the right ink ! 
Waking up at 615 and still not being able to make it to work on time ... Fail ! 
Thats it !!! I am going home !!! Then up to Vancouver to see all the peeps !!! Most importantly < PROPFIRST > !!!! yippy ! 
Delicious spaghetti dinner ! Thank you Thank you Thank you ! mmmmmmmmm Love the Hudsons ! 
Another Glorious night at Cliffs ! 
Movie ... check ... popcorn ... check ... great boyfriend to watch movie with ... check ! 
I would like to wake up just like 2 days in a row without a headache ... Please ? I even drank a ton of water yesterday ! and had my coffee !!! 
Heading to Alaska tmw ! Super excited to see my cousin < PROPFEMALE > ! Looking forward to a week where I don't have to think about reality ! 
Getting ready to go clamming ! super excited ! it will be my first time !!! 
On the plane to go home . I had a wonderful time visiting my cousin and Alaska . I am hoping to bring the beautiful weather home with me ! 
\Don't be afraid of showing your feelings ; be afraid of regretting it when you didn't . \ " ~ Laura Springer " 
Well its raining . 
\Do you want me to tell you something really subversive ? Love is \ 
yippy for nap time . 
Off to Kelleys to watch some Footloose ! and drink some wine !! Should be a good time . < PROPMALE > says traffic is bad so I have my fingers crossed . 
OH my eyes ... A PG rating . oh dear ! 
Had a fabulous day !!!! Now time for bed !!! Good night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
Go roomie go !!!!! You are rounding the corner into the final ....... Schools out FOREVER !! 
Go @ < PROPFEMALE > Hudson go !!!! walk across that stage !!!! it is graduation day ! 
Had a great weekend ! and I work today !!! sweet !!!! Now .... food time ! I am hungrey ! 
I just got my Certification results !!!!...... Yes as you can tell from the !!!!!!!! I passed !!!! NIC !!!! I feel an enormous weight lifted from my shoulders . 
Had a great day with my boyfriend !! Then a nice sushi dinner with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > ! Yum yummy !!!!! 
Monday , Monday ... Ok so I am happy foor work !!! Yippy !!! But it is Monday !! yuck ! and on that note I guess really it isnt going to bad ! lol !!! 
Ok .. about 5.35 < PROPMALE > completed ... I am not going to lie I am out of shape and that was anything but a breeze !!!! 
What a great day !! Now a great nights sleep ! Night FB 
Hills ... check ! Now for some coffee ! Tuesday , I would say so far so good !!! 
Beautiful today !!! Wishing I had a back yard to lay out in !!!! 
Had a nice time tonight ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Handy !! Now bed time so I can get up and go for a run tmw !!! 
Ok I did my 9 miler today !!!!! I was nervous but I totally rocked it !!!!! marathon training back up and running !!!!! 
Enjoying Seattle with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Heading out on the town in Seattle ! I'm having a great weekend !?! 
Homeward bound after a great weekend with great people and the tool shed ! Oh don't forget Dicks and sitting in the pier for dinner !!!!! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for a great weekend ! 
worked today ! And I work tmw ! I love work ! 
Time for some cleaning then bed time !!! I had a pretty decent day ! 
This morning doesn't look as nice as it has been . I bet it improves as the day goes ! 
At work already this morning !!!! Feeling bad for < PROPFIRST > . He hurt his back at work yesterday . :( 
Just watched some predator prey action between a cat and a squirrel ! I think the squirrel got away unharmed . There was a good slap to the butt though . Interesting to see . 
I hate traffic !!!!!!!! 
Happy Fourth !!!! Have a fun day ! 
What a beautiful day !!!! Loving the sunshine ! 
Another beautiful day in the PNW !!! Having a wonderful week hanging out with my wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > ( even with his bum back :( its still giving him grief ) 
Had a most wonderful day with my most wonderful man ! OMSI and dinner ! Perfect ! 
I dont wanna pack or do other adult junk !!! I just dont wanna ! 
I am pretty shure my neighbor jsut told her husband/bf to go ef himself . Nice . I love living in an apt !! Next their dog will try and attack me when I go outside ! SWEET ! 
Good Night ! 
I love the feel of sweat in my eyes in the morning !!!! Run done ! Now shower and a full day of work !!!! Then sweet boyfriend comes down tonight !!!!! Perfect day ! 
Working today ! Life is Grand ! 
Somewhere right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother , holding the hand of a dying man , inserting an IV in a child , listening to an Alzheimer's patient tell a story . And is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Re-post if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or appreciate a nurse . 
Had an absolutely wonderful weekend ! And I have work this week ! Life is fabulous ! 
Relaxing with a drink and my wonderful boyfriend ! SWEET !!! 
On our way to the Couve with the moving truck ! Today unpack into a storage unit ... tmw clean ... Bbbboooooooo ! 
On our way to the Couve with the moving truck ! Today unpack into a storage unit ... tmw clean ... Bbbbooo 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body I might not be first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not because I'm just too good at being me I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past but I'm proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away ... Put this as your status if your proud to be YOU !!!! 
Its official . We are all moved out of the apt . Now we will wait and see how much they charge us ! 
Heading into Ptown to < PROPFEMALE > out with some great people ! 
My turn to be sick . I'm not having fun . I hate being sick Bbbooooooooooo ! 
Wonderful boyfriend changed out my spark plugs and wires ! Car running great again ! 
Enjoying Spokane ! Will be doing some Karaoke tonight if anyone wants to join ! Contact me for details ! The more the merrier ! 
Awesome time shooting guns with < PROPFIRST > and my Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! It was great ! 
Almost home from our trip to Spokane . Had a great time ! 
Finally we are moving forward while moving forward !!!! For a while there we were going backward while going forward !!! that is frustrating ! Lake here we come ! 
We had such a great time this weekend ! A beautiful place and even more beautiful people ! 
Another wonderful day in the life of Me ! Loving life ! Tmw will be just as good ! 
Wow just saw a moving truck with the slogan ... Put it in storage !!! Really !?! 
Dinner with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and the kids now some wine ! Oh and a movie ! Great Saturday Night ! 
Looking forward to a great week ! 
Enjoying some girlie time this afternoon ! Nice and relaxing ! 
Holy WOW !!! Blazin hot sauce at buffalo wild wings is killing me ! It hurts to breath ! 
Another Fabulous day with my wonderful boyfriend ! Life is good ! 
Dear Cold Sore ... I hate you ! I don't thinknit was kind of you to show up . Please go away fast ! Please !!!!!! 
And wine tasting complete !!! OH wait . I guess there was a half marathon before that !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > had a great time ! 
Having a great week ! Even if summer seems to be over ! 
I'm hungry ! I want Burgerville but I know I should just eat what I have at home ! But I'm hungry now ! 
Totally in love with my baby ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! ( insert Gage noises I know but its so true ! ) 
It is Friday !!! Woot Woot !! Having dinner with some awesome ladies then later ... Karaoke !!! I cant never had too much fun ! 
So ... I am not a fan of heartburn ! I have had it since I went to bed last night :( And I have been taking meds for it . I just want it to stop . 
Love the sound of rain !! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do anything for you .. that makes you laugh .. who is your best friend .. who you want to grow old with .. and who you are thankful for every day , ... then ...... post this as your status ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Super excited we found a place to rent that accepts Hooch and is in a nice area !!!! We are totally stoked !!!! We will be moving November 1st !! It can not get here fast enough !!! 
Ready for a great week !!! 
Wow today is totally a Monday :( Having a rough day . 
mmmmm yummy nachos for lunch !!!! I have been craving them for a long time now !!!! I must say Monday must have just been a fluke because yesterday and today are way better !!! 
Nice !!! Fourth night in a row I have slept well !!!!! And the first morning I dont still feel exhausted !!! I think it is going to be a wonderful day !!! OH wait ... I know it will be a wonderful day !!!!! heheheheheheheh 
Dont wanna cook dinner !!!! Cant think of anything ... suggestions ?... Easy suggestions ? 
Made pheasant in orange sauce tonight for dinner !!! Turned out absolutely wonderful !! Thanks to my sweetie for going hunting and bring home the bird ! 
Good Night !!!! LOONNNNGGGGGG day tmw must get my working rest !!! 
Nice to arrive home to a wonderful already cooked dinner !!! Thanks Babe ! You are wonderful ! I love you very much ! 
Working lunch at home now off to work again ! It is a long day ! 
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past , not to worry about the future , or not to anticipate troubles , but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly . Buddha \ 
I like this ! 
Having an off day . That's all . Just off . 
Ok back to work I go . I am so ready for this week to be over . I am tired . I just want to sleep for like a full day ! Ready or not I am off to work ! 
Ok it is Friday . I really thought yesterday was Friday so am feeling so so lazy today !! To work for a while then home and SLEEP !!!!!!!!! I am exhausted !!! I feel like I am the walking dead ! Oh Happy Friday Everyone ! 
I cant believe it is only Tuesday !!!! I am a day off because I worked Sunday ! I am ready for this week to be over !!! 
Wow longest week of my life and it still isnt over . 
I feel very blessed ! Life is better than good ! Even with the little downs I've experienced recently . I can still only see myself as lucky and blessed ! 
AAAhhhhhhhh home from work ! I love jobs that are supposed to go 2 hours and end up getting done with even before they start !!! Love same day cancels ! 
Woot Woot !!! We get the keys to the new place tonight !!! I am more than excited to move !! Oh Yeah !!!! 
Is grumpy . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > . I love you . 
Moving day ! It is raining yuck ! hopefully we can get it knocked out fast ! 
Having a great time passing out < PROPFEMALE > ! Happy Halloween ! 
Reminder ... Extreme Home Maleover tonight at 8 !! Watch the Oregon School for the Deaf get revamped ! Can't wait to watch ! 
I need to make a trip to OSD to see the new dorms now ! What a great thing ! 
Gearing up for a long day of work . I wish I could have slept another hour . Oh well !! Here is to a good day ! 
Wow what a sucktastic morning . And I'm starving ! I hope this job is done early . uuhhggggg is it Friday yet ? 
Hump day is almost over !!! One day closer to the Big 28 !!! Holy smokes !! 
1 , 2 , 3 ... get ready for a long days work ... Hoping for a smooth day ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I am a very blessed lady ! I had a great day ! 
Oh just thinking I have the best boyfriend ! While I was out today he finished hanging all our decorations ! Thanks Babe ! Love you ! 
Had a mild panic attack this morning when I looked at the clock in the car and I was more than an hour late for my job ! Then relaxed and ended up being a half hour early ! 
Brrrrrrrrr It is so cold in ths room ! 
Had a fun time doing Karaoke last night !! To bad none of us won to move on to the next round in Dec . < PROPFIRST > was so close . We think it was rigged ! 
I am tired !!! I think this cold weather and time change are messing with me !! Good Night everyone ! 
Grateful for the veterans that served our country and for the brave men and women still serving ! Thank you for all we have today ! 
Soup I thought . You were so yummy in my tummy but I'm afraid you were not enough ! I'm Hungry ! Like tummy grumblin kinda hungry ! Dinner you can't come soon enough ! 
Ready for < PROPFIRST > to be home 
loves muffins !!!! Why do they have to be so bad for you !!!?!!!! 
Dont wanna go to work !!! lol ! 
top ramen delish !!!! 
two days in a row that I have went for a run !!! Not far but I am doing it !!! Yippy for me ! 
More Swedish Fish please !!! 
Hump day !! Wish it was Friday ! 
I need some galoshes ! My feet are soaked ( and stained ) my shoes are like their own little puddles I get to walk around it and I'm freezing ! I did not look at the forecast for today ! Booooo ! 
Thursday ... I hope it doesnt rain like it did yesterday !!! That was awful !!! 
My first attempt at Eggs < PROPMALE > was a success !!! The holandaise sauce was a little to lemony but that can be corrected next time !!! Yum Yum !!! 
It is snowing in the couve ! I like it ! 
thinks it is so hard to drink water when it is icky outside . Doesn't my body know that ? 
I am happy the flurries waited for me to get home !! 
Ok woke up this morning with a cold :( I have used my netti pot for the first time and I am drinking Gypsy Cold Care tea . I want to get this thing nipped in the butt ! ( And I am a really bad sick person so I am apologizing now < PROPFIRST >!!!) 
It is official !!!! I have health insurance again !!! That makes me feel better !!! 
Wow long day !!!! But I loved it !! Boy and me out shoppin our booties off in preparation for my parents arrival !!! I am too excited !! My Mommy has never come to visit me down here !!! Woot Woot !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! This year I have so much to be thankful for ! I am very blessed ! Have a great day everyone !!! 
Had a stupendous weekend with my parents and I was sad to see them go this morning . It was so great that they were able to come visit and meet Michaels family ! Everyone got along great ! Total success ! 
Ok ready for the day ... I guess ! 
Ahhhh ! Thanks Mon and < PROPFIRST > for the < PROPMALE > Christmas CD ! I have so missed it ! It was a great way to spend my ride to work today ! 
Off to work !!! It is getting closer to the weekend !!! Wooot Woot !!!!! 
Having eggnog with some rum ! Hope I can get some sleep tonight ! ( Please !?! I'm tired of not having a full nights sleep ! ) 
Up from a nice good nights sleep !! Finally !!! It feels good to wake up after a good nights sleep !! 
Home from a great turkey dinner at < PROPFIRST > Smith Swallings !!!! Very yummy !!!! Now I feel like a stuffed turkey ! Time for bed !! I cant believe tmw is Monday !!! Yuck who ordered that !?! 
Just got a nice 2 hours open this morning !! 
I can not get warm today ! The only time I've felt warm today was in the shower and when I entered the house after my run ! 
Is it really only 1 ! I feel like it should be at least 5 ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > a movie and ice cream ! Perfect ending to a day ! 
Woot Woot !!!! It is Friday ! 
It sure is an icky day . Maybe it will get better ... I can hope ! 
Had a nice day with my baby and a nice evening with his parents ! Now to start thinking of the work week .... booooo 
Sweet got health insurance and now .... Premium goes up ... I really just want to feel a little bit ahead ya know ? 
Got our Christmas tree today !!!! It is beautiful !!! I cant wait for it to dry off so we can bring it in and decorate it !!! < PROPFIRST > was so great !!! It was like a monsoon out when we arrived at the tree lot !! 
What a beautiful day in the Couve !!! My drive to Gresham this morning wasnt even that bad with the beautiful view of the Mountains !!! Now time to bundle upish ... and go for a run ! It is beautiful but chilly this morning ! 
Finally making it into the shower for the day !!! It will be GREAT and I am going to LOVE the ugly sweater party ! WOOT WOOT !!!!! hehehhehehe love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It is a beautiful day here in Vancouver !!! Walked myself to the gas station for some coffee ! It was wonderful ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the great time together this weekend ! It was so nice to see your face !!!! 
Just got done shooting with < PROPFIRST > ! Had a great time ! 
Tuesday .. Tuesday .. Tuesday ................ Looking forward to dinner tonight ! 
Had a great dinner at the Smith's!! Yummy prime rib and my first time having bread pudding and it was fantastic !!!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
The mountain looked so beautiful this morning ! it was like it was glowing as the sun was coming over the horizon ! BEAUTIFUL ! Morning ! 
Hope everyone for what they wanted from < PROPFEMALE > ! And had a great time with family and friends ! I know I did ! And off to see more family today ! 
Bed time !!! Long drive today but worth every minute of it ! Great dinner with my wonderful mom , < PROPFIRST > , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , and most great loving wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > ! 
Excited to see my Grandma and Gramdpa and Aunts and Unes tonight ! Woot Woot !!!!!! 
Loves that my Mommy refers to < PROPFIRST > and I as M&M ! No really I do !! Also had a wonderful time tonight visiting my Daddy , Aunts and Uncles and Granny and Gramps ! 
Wow snow ! Love what it looks like in the trees ! No a fan of putting snow tires on the car !!! But I think we will be fine ! Just means we will need to use them again and come up here again for some snowmobiling with Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
So .... Getting snow tires has been quite a challenge ! ...... We were offered $ 5,000 cash for the car .... I'm thinking I will take the cash and just get a rental car for the drive home ... Yeah that sounds like any easier option ! 
Through the Tri-Cities ... We are smooth sailing now . 
We made it home safe and sound . 
I learned last night that my boyfriend was a master juggler !!! Hehehe ! He is a man of many talents ! 
Ok friends and family . < PROPMALE > and I would like you to vote on where we should eat ..... Famous Daves BBQ or Chipolte ? Please vote quickly ! 
Had a nice Monday ! and I am tired !!! I get to do it again tmw !!! I am super excited for that !!! yippy for work ! 
Good rainy morning to everyone !!! Well peeps here in the Vancouver Ptown area anyways are having a rainy morning ! 
There was no view of the sunrise coming over the bridge today ...... Rain rain rain ...... Wait for it ...... MORE rain ! 
Man O Man ! I can not get warm today !!!! 
The sun came out ! Yippy ! 
I wanted to mention some people are going to < PROPFEMALE>'s Room this Friday ... ( tomorrow ) So if you want to get your 80's dance on ..... meet us there !!! I have been told it fills up quick so the closest to 9 you can get there the better !!!! Hope to see some of your bright shiny 80's decked out faces !!!!! 
I have such a cute boyfriend !!!! Love him tons !! 
Tonight is the night my friends !!! Lolas room ! We will be there at 9 !!! Come get your 80's groove on !!! I am so looking forward to tonight !!! Great from from Spokane ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ) will be here too !!! Looking forward to seeing everyone !!! From what I read cover is only $5 !! 
Apparently it is drive 25mph day ... Nobody told me ! I didn't get the memo ! It is just rain people ! You see it the most of the year !!!!! 
Wonderful Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > ! Too bad we weren't scouted :( 
Monday ...... 
My day has turned out pretty good ... It isn't over yet but soon ! :) 
I'm so proud of myself ... I'm starting to figure out the dish remote ... A little bit ! I realize to many this is not a big thing but its my first time ever having dish so .... I'm just a learnin ! 
I am so happy it is Friday !!! < PROPFIRST > works ALL day and night so that sucks so I look forward to the weekend !!! This has been a long week !!! But long in a good way !! 
What a beautiful sun shiney day !!!!! Sun , Sun , Sun , Sun , Sun Shiney day !!!!!! 
Having a great time at my first Blazers game !!! Great idea baby . 
Guess who doesnt have a mortgage anymore ?!!!!! That is right This girl !!! WOOT WOOT WOOT !!!!! 
Relaxing before we have some friends over for the fights ! 
It is my Friday !!!! and that means Vegas tmw !!! Got the dress , my wonderful handsome boyfriend , and some of my favorite ladies !!!!! We are ready !!!!!!!!!!! 
I am sleepy ! I can sleep after I get everything packet for VEGAS tomorrow !!! I am excited ! 
I didn't read the flight info good enough we are in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > just for a quick stop ... Don't need to change planes ..... We each got 2 free adult beverages on our flight ... Unfortunately not enough for Michaels nervous to calm down ! We will be in Vegas soon ! 
We are HERE !!! And we love Horizon ! 
We have the Wolf pack together .... 
Waiting in the Vegas airport ... flight delayed YUCK !!!!! 
On the ground in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! We are half way home ! 
We have landed !!!!! 
And < PROPFIRST > is just wonderful ! I'm just sayin ! 
Cant wait for my < PROPFEMALE > to get home ! 
Wow it was neat to watch the rain/snow mix turn into just snow within like a minute ! I let Hooch out to potty started me some coffee and when I went to check in him .... Snow ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I bought a new car ! Super stoked ! Fantabulous gas mileage here we come ! Pictures to follow tmw ! 
Had a great night with some totally cool people ! 
Thankful for the work this week !!! I have my fingers crossed that when I get to my next it is not also canceled due to the \weather\ " like my job this morning was !!! I love driving for 40 mins to arrive at a place and for there to be a sign on the door !!!!!! " 
Waiting for my < PROPFEMALE > to get home from school !! I cant get the TV to work ... ( that is not the only reason I am waiting for him to get home !! lol ! ) 
Wish I had one more day of weekend ... and the motivation to do a workout on the elliptical machine ... maybe one day I will ... I will keep looking for it ... Happy Monday everyone !! Hope it is not to bad ! 
experiencing the draw bridge for the first time .... 
WOW ! It is raining good ! 
Having one of them days ... but tmw is Friday and I'm not working this weekend ! So I guess there is an upside ... 
off to work again ... ( by the way today is way better than yesterday already ! ) 
Had a great weekend ... wish I . had one more day ! Getting to know my new phone ... I'm glad < PROPFIRST > likes to play around with it ... I'm a technotard ! Night all ! 
Morning has not started out well ... Hope it gets better ! 
Well my day turned out ok ... what you say it isn't over yet ? But I say .... mine is ! Only bummer thing about today , I didn't get to eat lunch at Moes sw grill ! 
Allergies for my < PROPFEMALE > equals fall asleep between snoring fits for me !!! 
It is Wednesday !!! Happy Hump Day everyone !!! ( I was about to write that it was Tuesday !!! So I am super happy to remember it is Wednesday ! ) 
Going to Harveys for some laughs with some awesome friends ! 
Absolutely loving that it is a little after 5 and < PROPFEMALE > ! What a beautiful day this turned out to be . Makes me . think of summer ! 
Thursday yiippy !!! Means tomorrow is Friday !!! It is back to gloom here but I am still certain it will be a good day ! 
Ok it is true this time .... NO MORE MORTGAGE ! my name is no longer on it ! I called and they verified ! It feels great ! 
Hey all ptown and couve peeps !!!! We are at the Alibi come . join us for some fun and karaoke ! 
Has had a fabulous day with my sweetie doing absolutly nothing ! Now he is making cupcakes ! I am one lucky girl ! 
On my mind ... a headache that wont quit :( 
Craving the < PROPFEMALE > Garden ... 
Still craving The < PROPFEMALE > Garden ... and it will just stay that way because I just found out how much my taxes cost to prepare .... ouch .... 
it is Friday !! I am excited for my massage tonight !!! and it is < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! What a nice way to end the week !!! 
It is friday night ... so I have that going for me ... 
Wow who . new 2 margaritas would sooooooodo me in !!! And I had 3 ! Soyebab I feel vdeaf ! 
My boyfriend is so wonderful ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
