It has been a rough few days what with loosing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > fawcet and now < PROPFIRST > mays . someone please tell me some good news 

is going to take a couple hr nap . didnt get to bed till 4 am this morning . had to take my grandpa to the er 
is no longer one of the only young hard core gamers who doesnt own a new generation console . 
Finaly got an XBOX 360 . I was starting to feel like I was one of the only young hard core gamers without a next gen console 
I preordered Beatles Rock Band , and Guitar Hero 5 ( wich also comes with a bonus Guitar Hero < PROPFIRST > Halen ) So if anyone might be interested in coming over and playing . Beatles Rock Band can play up t 
is highly anticipating his trip to Arizona this Thursday 
is having several large trees cut down in my yard 
is all packed and ready to head off to Arizona at 5:55 pm 
for those of you who are interested i made it to arizona alive and am about to attend the opening cerimonies 
is going to have a busy day today . I wont bore you with the deatails , but at 12:30 I am schedualed to go to a belly dancing workshop 
wishes he was still in Arizona at the convention 
is wondering what hes going to bring to the Akron Symphony Chorus potluck 
wishes that the people that worked at rehab facilities were more competant . because of their incompetance my grandpa chocked to death on his own flem this last sunday . rip grandpa nov 9th 1929- oct . 11th 2009 
http://bit.ly/3Lk7ld 
is very dissapointed and embarassed with Ohio . 
would like to thank everybody for the birthday wishes . I cant help but wonder were the time goes though . 
is napping after a wonderful thanksgiving feast , and generaly avoiding being down stairs for the next few hours , my sister and mom are watching one of there favorite chick flick movies , pride and predudice . i cant stand < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
just loves ustream . what a great website !! 
just located a place to get an H1N1 shot 
is pissed off because all of his photos will no upload 
thinks that right before you have to sing joyious christmas music is not a very good time to hear that your director has accepted a new job . this will really stretch the extent of my acting 
Gotta go put on my monkey suit and go sing christmas songs , thank goodness christmas pops only happens once a year . once this is over we can get started on working on carmena baruna 
finaly completed my state quarters map 
thinks Lakers fans are assholes . throwing trash on the court is out of line , what poor sports 
is sad < PROPFIRST > Tennant is leaving Doctor Who 
thinks there is no way that < PROPMALE > Smith will be anywere as good as < PROPFIRST > Tennant 
wishes that < PROPFIRST > Moffit would have chosen < PROPFIRST > Coyle instead of < PROPMALE > Smih 
Bowl games 
thinks that NBC are complete idiots , they are effectlivley commiting suicide by what they are doing to Connan , Leno sucks ass . Connan is the only reason I ever watch NBC 
is dissapointed in Massichusetts . How dare you give away < PROPMALE > Kennedy's seat to the enemy 
thinks football overtime rules are complete and utter bullshit . Its pretty rediculous putting 15 < PROPFEMALE > on the clock and saying the first team that scores wins that is totally not fair , the team that wins the toss to receive will most likely allways win . 
the supreme court just confermed why I look down so much and dont respect republicans , their recent decicion to lift campain contribution limits by corpuration just goes to show that they only care about money at the expence of our democracy 
thinks that the people of Forbes Magizines are extreemly ignorant for giving < PROPMALE > the title of worst winter weather . What about Minnisota , what about Michigan they are way worse than Ohio weather wise during winter 
is pretty dissapointed that the had to cancel the snowboard cross . they should have had the olympics in ohio were snow is almost alway guaranted 
just received my p90x workout system today . i will start tommorow i am going to totaly rip my quads and shred my guns 
P90X day one . I dont think Ive ever worked out that hard ever . Even though the first DVD is pretty much only push ups and pull ups . I am ready to do the DVD a second time . I must be a masacist . 
just finished playing Assassins Creed and I got to tell you the ending was far from satisfactory . They had < PROPMALE > and they were talking about extracting all the information they needed and they said kill him when your done and then the game just ended , I havent played a game with this unsatisfactory an ending since Way of the Samuri . 
got back from city hall to get a passport 
Day 3 halfway through week one of P90X 
Day 1 week 2 P90X those plyometrics are killer , but I can really feel my body working 
is extreemley disturbed that concervatives are trying to rewrite history books to suit their scewed political agenda . History should be taught as it happened or not at all . 
is so glad that he is halfway through week 2 plyometrics , even though I know next week will be at least as hard . 
is ready to start week 3 of P90X 
is going to bed hopefuly the snow will be gone by the time he wakes up 
day one week 4 p90x recovery week , i did the kempo x routine today i can tell that this is going to be a challenging week since the most times i will do any routine will be twice . tommorow i will either do yoga or core synergics . 
we tried to light a fire in the chimney of the house we are selling and smoke was coming in so we went outside to see what was going on then we saw this fat racoon come running out our chimney . 
just finished day 3 of p90x recovery week , i dont think that rest and recovery is a good name for this week the routines that i have done have been hard , i guess thats because im not all that flexable . at least i can do these routines at home were no one can see how funny i look doing them . an upside though i did enjoy the kempo , i have one more yoga then two core synergist then i have six days of yoga . 
is going to have dinner at his new favorite pub , the loyal oaks tavern in norton ohio , wich happens to be haunted . 
is wondering if he should redue weeks 1-3 of p90x since he missunderstood and did 6 days in a row of the first 3 dvds 
watching the newest episode of doctor who 
both loves and hates the BBC at the same time , why do they have to be such assholes and block me from watching Doctor Who on my computer 
Final Four Basketball Duke vs Buttler , hell yeah 
i accidentaly switched my watch to military time the other day and i was completely freaking out when i looked down and my watch read 13:13 13 
is enjoying this hot weather , but wonders if he should be concerned that its hotter here in Ohio than in Texas and California 
wonders what is an adiquite celibration for selling a house after three years on the market ? yes thats right i said three years . DAMN YOU < PROPMALE > GREENSPAN !!!!!!!!!!!! 
just finished my first group chat with < PROPFIRST > Horton , man that was going so fast I could barley keep up 
just noticed that my right arm is getting pretty big from doing p90x , but my left arm is staying puny . I dont want my arms to be asymetrical . any sugestions ? 
is going to go do his P90X workout day 5 week 5 back and legs 
is trying p90x doubles today , shoulders and arms plus kenpo . i dont plan to do doubles every day but i think this is a good way to speed things up . 
is doing the back and biceps routine for first time . depending on how ambitious i feel i might throw a differant routine in the mix and make it doubles . doubles were awsome yesterday , ive gotten to the point right now that i no longer feel like im finished working out before the routine is over in fact i did kenpo last night as part of my doubles and by the end i was wishing there was more . 
Finished Cardio X that was quite a workout . I like how it combines different aspects of other routines . I think that Cardio X will be the answer to my problem of not being able to do the Yoga routine . I cant manage 90 minutes of yoga right now , but I can do the 10 or so minutes that they incorperate into Cardio X 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Horton's sticky bars are amazing 
is going to go finish his P90X yoga routine , I actualy might break the final hour of yoga in two sets . much more manigable for a yoga newbie like myself . 
just watched the documentary Food Inc . as of right now I am no longer eating beef . beef and red meat has lost all apeal to me once I saw them treating Ecoli by washing the meat in amonia . these food industry people that are doing this are on the fast track to hell and their souls will be made extra crispy for all eternity 
is looking forward to the NFL Draft tonight . Hopefuly the Browns will use their 3rd overall pick wiseley . 
is having a wonderful day , I put in a service request with Asus to get my computer fixed and I actualy got one of the few people that actualy speaks good english , now P90X back and biceps , bring on the burn . 
wonders when the option became press one for english , it should be if you want to continue in a differant language you should have to press buttons not if you want to speak english 
is going to be performing < PROPFEMALE > Burana tommorow and thinks that everyone should come . The concert is at 8:00 at E.J. < PROPFIRST > hall but everyone should arive at 7:00 for a wonderful pre-concert talk 
P90X chest , shoulders , and triceps today 
wonders just what the UPS guys thinks constitutes as trying to deliver a package , I looked at the door and saw a note that said that they had tried to deliver a package , but the guy didnt even knock or anything . That is a sorry ass excuse for an attempt who the heck are these guys that cant even knock on your door to let you know that they are there . 
Got my laptop back from the shop they fixed it but i need to buy a stupid recovery disc . 
bought himself a droid 
just downloaded skype mobile onto his smart phone so any of my friends in other countrys can call me now(for free ) , provided that you also have a phone with skype on it . please keep the time differance in mind i dont want to be woken up at 5:00 am in the morning . 
thinks that Arizona has the right idea , the next step would be to ammend the 14th ammendment . until the 14th ammendment is ammended we will still have problems with pregnant illegals sneaking into the country . 
is catching up on episodes of Doctor Who and then later tonight will watch some Hammer Productions Films , how fun . 
is watching the newest episode of Doctor Who 
Is watching walie 
is watching Going Postal 
is frustrated that all the places that I need to go to get things done today are closed . 
really really really hates the Ohio < PROPMALE > Department . 
thinks that things are looking better for the Cavs without lebron now . not only do we not have to pay him the 130 million that we would have had to pay him to stay , but we get 4 draft picks from the heat and we get a 16 million increase in our salery cap . we should have gotten rid of him a long time ago . 
purchased his plane ticket to the UK today 
non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about our pets : 1 . They live here , you don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair on your clotes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'niture 3 . I like my pets a lot beter than most people . 4 . To you , they are animals . To me , they are young'uns who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and don ; t speak clearly . Copy & post if you love your pet 
wonders why the health department used a guy that looks like hitler in their instructional posters on how to perform the hymlic manover on someone whos choking . I say that if hitler is chocking you should let him choke he did kill 12 million people after all . 
is getting back to doing P90X again , it is really hard to get back in the swing even after missing a few days . Arms and Shoulders , I almost forgot how good it feels to work out . 
finaly finished reading the last wish 
i spent over 2hrs on the phone with tech support & still haven't solved my computer problems : ( 
is learning the lyrics of the hedgehog song in preperation for his trip to the UK Discworld Convention 
is watching rugby , life doesnt get much better . 
< a href = \ http://www.recipestar.com/quizzes/view/cannibal-taste\ " > < img src =\ " http://www.recipestar.com/img/photos/quizzes/generated/5_undercooked_fish.jpg\ " alt =\ " What would you taste like to a cannibal ? \ " / ></ a > \ 
traded dollars for pounds today 
is all packed up for his UK trip . Everything fits quite nicely and is not too heavy . 
Is waiting at airport . Flight boreds at 12:50 . London england here I come !!!! 
arrived safely in London , spent 6 hrs exploring the city . I am dead tired and ready to go to bed shortley . 
had pad thai and red bull for breakfast am raring and ready to take on the day . 
found quite a nice hostel in birmingham they have a 90 rating serve breakfas , and have all 3 of the current console game systems all at 17.5 pounds a night . 
had a chip buttie with brown sauce and experianced one of my many mouthgasms . pizza and movies later on :) 
i met a < PROPMALE > who said that she would send me her final thesis that she wrote on family guy 
the BBC is filming a documentary on hostels right around the corner of were im staying 
is eagarly awaiting pizza at 2100 
is seriously wondering what he is going to tell everyone when he gets back to the states so as they dont look directly at me and acuse me of bullshiting them . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > <3 
is watching a english football game in a hostel in birmingham on a giant progection screen tv . 
is reading Flowers for Algernon 
is feeling very distressed due to all this rain as it makes me long even more to be back in England . 
if anyone could instruct me as to how to fix photos so they are right side up instead of sideways . its hard to do cause when you dump the pictures on your computer , the pics are displayed so small and its hard to tell what is right side up and what is sideways . 
is having a difficult time adjusting back to Ohio time 
is getting ready to restart P90X this time I will get the results that I want , I may even throw some insanity into the mix . I am totaly going to rip my guns and shred my quads . 
is watching college football . florida vs oklahoma . 
wishes they wouldnt take so much time druring halftime on analisis 
florida state is getting violated by oklahoma , i wish the network would broadcast the ohio state game . 
P90X Plyo , its been so long I've nearly forgotten how hard you are . 
finished plyo x , after not having done any p90x for a wile . my butt was kicked and i am having a little trouble walking strait , but i feel great . i feel all energized and i feel a sence of acomplishment 
cant believe how sore he is after plyo x , ( and i even stoped the routine about 15 minutes early ) ouch ouch ouch . i didnt hurt this much after 5 hrs of walking around london 
is not particuarly enjoying being back on the round world , but on the upside I just registared for the 2011 NADWCON . I look forward to seeing all you wonderful discworld loonies in July !!! :) 
just saw an episode of Without a Trace guest staring < PROPFEMALE > Alley , man has she gotten fat and gross . I cant believe I used to think she was hot . 
just got back from the department of taxation , were I had to file to pay $00.00 sales tax . Dont you just love arcayic buerocracies ? 
is fed up with British TV , Why wont they share their wonderful programing with people outside the UK , if your in the UK you have access to it on the tv . So in a sence they are only letting people access it online who wouldnt have the need to . These sons of bitches need to be sent back to kindergarden and taught how to share . 
is feeling very frustrated with live stream sports tv , is it too much to ask for to be able to watch the browns game . 
0-3 and loosing 24-17 to the hated Baltimore Ravens . Looks like its going to be another dismal season for the < PROPMALE > Browns , well thats nothing differant than what I expected . 
freaking hates count singing , it is so boring and it is so beneeth me . 
I checked the tracking information on the newest Discworld book I Shall Wear Midnight and it is prolly not going to show up till Thursday :( , but I wouldnt be surprised if it shows up tommorow as it is only coming from Pennsylvania to Ohio . But I am fine reading wise , I still have the last half of Pyramids to read so I am not lacking for any reading material . 
just made the hotel reservations for the 2011 NADWCON in Wisconsin , now the only thing I need to do is take care of plane fare , oh and save up so I can make sure I have enough money . 
just received insanity , i will start the program after about 2-3 weeks of p90x . I want to work my way back up to being able to do the workout routines without hurting myself . 
received I Shall Wear Midnight . I am goin to go read it now . I shall hopefuly be mostly finished with it before too long . 
Cardio X today , the perfect start to getting back to doing P90X with the goal of getting to the point were I can be at the level were I can start doing Insanity . I just received Insanity yestarday so its not a question of if I am going to do it , its only a question of how long it will take to get back to that level of fitness were I can do it without injuring myself . 
just received my Lord Vetanari Ring in the mail today , unfortunatley even at Z+1 its still to small to fit on my intended finger ( my middle finger ) the only finger that it would fit on is my ring finger so I unfortunatly dont have much choice but to wear it on my right hand ring finger as I dont want to be sending out the wrong message to the ladies . 
is goin to do P90X Plyo routine 
I've gone to Fallen London ! http://www.fallenlondon.com 
Certain of the Masters of the Bazaar - Mr Stones , Mr Apples and Mr Wines , and possibly others - s ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/310516 
wishes the guy would get here already to install the satalite so I can go get in a workout before I have to leave . 
is going to go do a plyo routine , gotta get my legs in shape for insanity , im thinking maybe another week or so of plyo then move on to insanity then things are going to get gorgeous . 
the satilite guy came today and we are unable to receive dish service due to too many and too tall trees . 
The Starveling Cat ! The Starveling Cat ! Why does it look at us like that ? http://fallenlondon.com/c/314999 
for anyone interested I just tried the free bonus 20 minute workout that I got with Insanity and determined that I am not ready for insanity just yet I will have to go through another round of P90X first to get in shape for Insanity . 
is gonna be tailgating at the OSU game this Saturday , its goin to be freakin epic . Definatley worth driving over 2 hrs to get there , even with no hope of gettin in to the game . This will definatley be an experiance , partying at one of the top party colloges in the country cheerin on one of the best football teams in the country things are definatley gonna get messy . hopefuly there wont be to much drunken cellibration 
I crushed P90X Chest , Shoulders , and Tryceps . Now I am going to do a cardio routine , probably Kenpo . 
today couldnt have gone better in football . ohio state beat indiana , michigan st beat michigan and alabama lost so now ohio state is back to number one right were they belong . 
In a city where death can be temporary , lunatic murderers are not treated with especial respect . ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/326152 
OSU is #1 and Michigan still sucks 
was surprised yestarday when we drove down to < PROPMALE > and the leaves had gone more colourful than up north . 
is going to get his first of his daily two P90X workouts done right now so I can watch the game when it comes on . 
why is it that an animal with white fur never want anything to do with you until you've put on black clothing . 
no luck with either channelsurfing.net, or firstrow.net or even justin.tv why is it out of all the games that are avalable to watch live stream online the only one that isnt avalible is the browns game 
More Mictlan than < PROPMALE > . Travellers do go to see the sights , but the sights are mostly dark half- ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/329911 
finished the P90X arms and shoulders routine , and am now off to do a bit of carb loading then probably another cardio workout . 
P90X Legs and Back its going to get gorgeous . I may even attempt the included Ab Ripper X routine . Then depending on how I feel I might do a cardio routine . 
The Bazaar's conveniently located for Hell , and Hell's envoys keep stalls and warehouses here . Wh ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/333159 
just less than 1 hr then i can get my fix of brave combo 
Death is not always permanent in Fallen London . Old age and disease still take their toll , but a ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/335913 
P90X Core Synergistics I just love me some superman/bannana :) 
is getting new furnature today , a nice big sectional sofa and two recliners . 
The Fisher Kings are a gang of urchins who keep to the roofs and gutters . They specialise in a < PROPFEMALE > ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/340832 
today will be my start of Insanity , I am going to at least get through the 20 minute routine today . its a good thing that I can do this in the privacy of my basement as things will probably be getting pretty ugly . 
The Traitor Empress ' consort became dangerously ill just before the Fall . Typhoid , apparently . It ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/350720 
The Quarter is the last remnant of the Fourth City , which the Bazaar acquired five hundred years ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/354260 
< PROPFIRST > T is an animal . I just about died by the end , but I managed to finish an Insanity routine . It was the 20 minute bonus dvd routine , I think I will have to work my way up to being able to the regular longer routines . Perhaps another week or so of doing the 20 minute routine before I try full on Insanity . 
OSU 49 PUR 0 HELL YEAH !!!! O H .... I O , O H ... I O , O H ... IO , OOOOO 
The Neath has no sunshine . None of the trappings of the seasons . Still it becomes hotter sometime ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/361908 
The Traitor Empress and her consort live safely in the Shuttered Palace , in the protective custod ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/366883 
will be so glad when the elections are over next tuesday , im so fedup with all those damn political adds . 
Hates not having access to the internet on my laptop . Hopefully my dad will get his computer fixed soon so I don't continue to have to use my Droid phone 
When you hear ' colony ' , think ' leper colony ' , not Rio . N o-o ne goes there . Well , tomb-colonists . A ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/378680 
Is feeling off today . I am just starting on my second gallon of tea . 
how is it that someone whos name is spelled Boehner is pernounced Bayner its Boner learn phonetics people . 
Some say the < PROPFEMALE > is a vicious , fanged flower that will bite anyone who gets too close . Some say ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/403393 
Watch out < PROPMALE > Manning , Colt McCoy and the < PROPMALE > Browns are comming for you . 
just came from the dentist , i shattered a filling and have to get a crown 
is so pumped that conan o'brien is back on tv . f**k nbc , f**k leno . conan is the best . my favorite giner ever . 
Cat-chasing is more popular than ever in some quarters of the city , but the Duchess has let it be ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/409622 
is on the second day of his two day beachbody clensing fast . i feel great , im not hungry in the least and ive lost 10 lbs so far . 
The Fisher Kings are a gang of urchins who keep to the roofs and gutters . They specialise in a < PROPFEMALE > ... http://fallenlondon.com/c/413138 
its my favorite time of the year , seasonal beer time . 
Just finished reading I Shall Wear Midnight , its a very good book , it would have been much much much better if Death had been in it , I have missed him in the last several Discworld books . 
P90X Chest and Back . Man it feels good to be back on my workout regime again . The worst part of being sick , besides the obvious , is not being able to work out . 
is going to visit our local haterie tommorow and buy himself a black fedora . 
right about now I am regreting staying up till 1:35 am to watch The Late Late Show with < PROPMALE > Furgison with special guest < PROPMALE > Smith , but at least since I work for myself there is nothing realy pressing that needs to get done . 
is looking forward to later tonight , I am comblinding my two favorite things cake plus lighting things on fire , thats right Im having a traditional English flamming pudding . Hopefuly the 151 Bacardi rum will flame really nicely . 
today has been a good day . my seester came home , she brought her cat ( who I might say is freeking adorable ) we < PROPMALE > out and went to Chipoltes for dinner . Then off to Chorus practice then flamming pudding with ice cream . 
people who talk loudly on their cell phone in the same room as people who are trying to watch a movie are the worst type of people 
is it just me or is < PROPFIRST > Bosh's head freakishly small for his body ? 
the people at verison wireless are such stupid freaks , they keep calling my phone asking to talk to < PROPFIRST > andrews and i tell them that im not < PROPFIRST > andrews and there is no < PROPFIRST > andrews here and those freaking retards keep calling anyways . im thinking of looking into pressing charges for herassment . 
I recieved my hare through the flame necklace , I am very happy . 
2nd week in a row of loosing to a team thats 2-10 , how embarassing . i definatley think that mangini is gone next season . 
Watching Doctor Who at the Proms 
I hate my computer right now 
Since the Browns have no < PROPMALE > of getting a playoff spot it will probably be more benificial for us to loose the last two games so we can get a good draft spot 
Drinking Fosters and watching a < PROPFIRST > Lennon documentary , life is good 
It neverceases to amaze mehow incompitent people can be . Just today my sister wentto the dentist to have some cavitiesfilled & they end up drilin thewrong tooth 
Drinking < PROPFEMALE > Artois , making white chocolate peppermint ice cream , & watching Dr. < PROPMALE > 
The good news about the Browns pathetic 5-11 is that we have the #6 pick and Mangini is gone 
OSU vs ARK Sugar Bowl . This is what I live for 
I received my < PROPFEMALE > wig in the mail today . 
Wishes the nfl would change the playoff rule and take the top 12 teams instead of the top teams from each division . There is no way a 7-9 team deserves to be in 
Go Chiefs !!! 
Steelers vs ravens talk about a no win situation game . Lets just hope that its a low scoring game with lots of injuries on each side . 
Oregon vs Auburn . Go Ducks 
Just received the final piece of my Nac < PROPMALE > Feegle costume . 
