Ok- I'm gettin ' too old for this . It was 22 degrees when I got to the barn this morning , wind chill made it 14 degrees . I'm wearing enough clothes for 4 people and putting hand warmers in my gloves and my boots . I've never lived somewhere the ground froze solid , so gathering cattle this morning was interesting . Glad I'm headed to Florida next week for the holidays . Think I can scratch this job off my bucket list . 

It's snowing in DeKalb , Tx ! Big fluffy flakes , 32 degrees , little wind- it's beautiful . My horses don't know what to think . Will try to get pics later . I'm excited ! 
Start my new job tomorrow . Will be doing the accounting for a law firm here in DeKalb . I will be working with my friend < PROPFEMALE > and I'm really excited . Will continue to do part time at the bar for a while till they find a replacement . Wish me luck . 
Started feeling bad yesterday , by this afternoon I felt so bad I called in sick for my bartending job . Fever , aches , stuffy head , cough , in other words a cold . I hate being sick , I could have used the money and I have better things to do than lay around the house . Bah humbug .... 
Second day without my mentor at my new job and things seem to be going well . Everyone there is going out of their way to make me feel at home and help in any way they can . The BIG BOSS , Mr. < PROPMALE > has called me several times in the last few days to chat , offer advice , and try to further my education in legal . He is a very nice man . I think it's going to be alright . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays ........ attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching 
My hummingbirds are back ! weather is great , days are longer ... life is good !!! 
Had friends over last nite for spaghettti dinner , and a fire in the yard . Had a great time and enjoyed the company . I'm a lucky girl . 
Great day , but now I'm tired and sore . Started tearing the guts out of my horse barn so I can have dirt hauled in to raise the floor level . Got one side down , more tomorrow . Bed now . 
Have had a great 3 weeks- My friend < PROPFEMALE > Hall came for 2 wks , and < PROPFIRST > arrived the day after she left . It was great to see a friend from home , and of course I was thrilled to have my son for his first visit to my Texas home . Just hope he wasn't too bored in my little town ... We had a great visit and really caught up since we didn't have to share each other with family or friends . Pretty selfish , huh ? I loved it . 
TGIF -- this week-end I'm gonna ride my pony , wash my truck , work in the yard , then I'm gonna give myself some time off . Wonder what kind of trouble I can find .... 
Got up this morning-beautiful , clear , good breeze-good day for a little soul restoration . Rode my pony for about 2 hrs - my kind of church . It centers me , soothes me , reconnects my soul to the omniscient Force . Then lunch with < PROPFEMALE>'s family , and a dip in the pool . Life is good . 
Spent the day shredding my pastures ( that's Texan for mowing ) on a borrowed tractor , then a date tonite . Great steaks , good company . Mowing yards tomorrow , another sweaty day . Temps in low 100's--and no A/C in the front of my house . Good thing I grew up in Florida before the invention of A/C . At least we got some rain this evening . 
Got paid today- went hunting an A/C . Looks like I'm gonna have to go all the way to Texarkana to find one . Living room was 98 when I got home . 
Got my new A/C installed just in time for company from Fla . Great evening with friends and company on their back porch Fri nite . Life is good ! 
Long week- longer day--where's the whiskey ? 
I am such a lucky girl !!! Today is my birthday . Not only am I proud that I've survived this long , but I am so fortunate to have so many friends that care enough to let me know they miss me . I am truly blessed , and life is good , and God is great ! 
What a great nite ! 65 degrees , more stars than you can count . All my windows are wide open- I'm lovin ' it . 
Beautiful day !! Low 80's , light wind . Rode my mare for 3 hrs . Checked cattle and fences for a neighbor . AMazing attitude adjustment . Life is good . 
Another first- was asked to judge a working cowdog show this week-end . All day horseback , with cattle and great cow dogs . Felt great . Only downside- it reminded me how much I miss all that . Hope I get a < PROPMALE > to do that again . 
Spent the day helping some friends gather and work about 250 head of cattle today . Beautiful day to be horseback . I am rejuvenated and recentered . Amazing what a good horse and honest hard work can do for a girl . 
Ok - I've lost my mind . Just bought 5 bred cows and a bull . Couldn't turn'em down- price was too good . Pick'em up tomorrow . Now I have to find a place to put'em . Guess I'm still addicted .... 
I am such a lucky girl .. a friend loaned me a stock trailer last week-end to get my new cows . This week-end another friend loaned me a flat bed to retrieve the rest of the equipment I got in my cow deal . Another offered to ride with me to help load all of it . I am so grateful to find that I have so many friends willing to lend a helping hand in my new life chapter ... Thank you to all of them .. 
Hallelujah -we finally got some rain last night . Still a little overcast , but a lot cooler and everthing smells fresh and clean . 
Happy Thanksgiving to All . May each of you take the time to think about how much we have to be grateful for .... 
My time with my family over the holiday was priceless . Had the opportunity to spend time with each of them . The opportunity to connect-one on one was a true blessing . 
Had a dinner date last night , which was great ! But when I got home about 8:30 I found my friends-Melinda , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - had completely decorated my house for Christmas . 7 ' Christmas tree w/ lights and ornaments . Mantle decorated , hearth , coffee table- the whole house ! A new sign \ Friends are family one finds along the way\ " I am so blessed ... " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! To all my family and friends . May all of you be as richly blessed as I am .... Love to all ... 
A wonderful Christmas day with my \adopted\ " Texas family .. < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Beal and her parents . Only one problem .. I ate too much . Diet for the next 4 weeks . " 
Home sick again today . I'm tired of this--don't do sick very well- I'm a lousy patient . 
Had an injured < PROPFEMALE > returning from Afganistan come thru our town on his way home today . He is permanantly disabled , and today was his birthday . He had a police escort and every business on Hwy 82 emptied into the street to wave , cheer , salute , and display \Old Glory\ " . I sure am proud to live in Texas . " 
