I picked the closeted hotel to DAZ so I could walk there .. it's like 4 blocks away ... well .. except for the FREEWAY in the way 

aparently I can't figure out how to set an alarm clock . I thought I had set it for 7 am but I guess I didn't figure out how to turn it on . Round One : Clock 1 < PROPFEMALE > 0 
Utah is very pretty and everyone is very nice 
had the yummiest sushi I've ever eaten and I actually ate a muscle shooter with a quail egg on it and I liked it !! 
I'm home and happy to see the kids and the hubby . I had a great time in Utah . Thanks DAZ for showing me such a great time while I was there . 
Finally found a Sushi bar in Kennewick !!!! * cheers * 
I hope everyone has a blast this weekend ( literally ) . It's 100 degrees here but massively low humitity . Was a awesome weekend it's going to be :) 
it was over 100 today and I decided we were having pork steaks and baked potatoes ... now it's warm in here . Thankfully we have AC .. unlike most of the west side of the state . I feel so bad for my Western Washington friends and family . 
103 but only 18 Percent Humidity . What an awesome day !!! 
my daughter is going to band camp next week o.o how come we never did cool stuff like this at < PROPMALE > ? 
had fun last night seeing at the 20 year reunion pre reunion thingy . 
Okay < PROPMALE > people .. Someone took a picture of me with < PROPFEMALE > on Friday . I \think\ " it was < PROPFEMALE > but can't remember so if anyone sees someone on their FB list with a pic of me let me know . I want to snag a copy of it . " 
Ug I don't know how you people deal with this humidity , I feel sticky . I can't wait to get back to my desert . 
YAY Back in the warm DRY desert . It's gonna take at least a day to completely dry out . It's really is amazing how vastly different Eastern WA and Western WA are . You can't totally appreciate it until you've lived over here for awhile and then go back over . 
< PROPFIRST > is having a blast at band camp . I just got off the phone with her and can't wait to see her tomorrow at parents day :) 
It's going to be so fun to watch the marching band practice . I hope they don't have the giant q-tip hats like we did .. I hated those things 
is very distracted today 
can't sleep :( 
< PROPFIRST > was in her first Parade today :) Pictures later ! 
So I got my eyebrows waxed for the first time ever ... and now I have some little bump thingies in that spot like look like annoyed folicals or pores or something ... just a few of them . She did say that I have very think strong hairs that didn't want to let go lol ... they look like zits I think ... although I've never had a zit so no clue . 
School starts Monday !!!! 
my family is like living with the three stooges ... and no < PROPFIRST > I'm not talking about just the kids . :P 
is a mathematics goddess !!! 
you can't stop the signal ( can't wait to see who of her friends actually get that and understands why she said it ) 
can't sleep ... again :( 
is starting to feel like she is screaming into the wind 
Is proud of her Tea party organizing friends for their accomplishment today :) 
o.o 
Although you usually don't lose your temper so easily , you feel on-edge today and any little thing can tick you off . You may be frustrated with your own responses that set the stage for angry words , which just seem to slip out before you stop them . Be honest about your concerns , but under no circumstances should you place any blame on anyone else . I know this is just for fun but sometimes it's a bit to accurate 
Crazy is in the eye of the beholder . 
is totally stressed out 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
can't sleep 
is off to a senatorial campain exploritory committe meeting !!! ( no not mine haha ) 
is very excited that she will be helping < PROPMALE > Didier run for Senate against < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
everytime I come over to western WA in the fall i am reminded why it sucks ... dark and depressing and cold and raining 
weather report .. today bone chilling cold and damp .. tomorrow ... mostly cold and damp ... I'm aching in areas I forgot existed .. darn damp cold ... see you tomorrow EW 
came home to a house full of sick people 
The kids all feel better thankfully but now I'm sick . :( 
being sick sucks but it could be worse . I know it's the flu only because of the achiness but it feels more like a bad cold with a slight fever then the flu . I've had much much worse flu 
is finally feeling better . My energy level is still pretty bad but the rest is gone and the kids are all better and back in school 
just got done making chocolate chocolate chip cupcakes with chocolate frosting ... gee think I'm having some chocolate cravings lol 
I absolutly HATE the new live feed thingy . I keep missing things because of it . Drivin me nuts . 
is very proud of herself tonight . I built a website .... and it is good !! and now I will rest .... until tomorrow when updates need to be done . Take a look . Even if you disagree with what it says be proud of me anyway for building it and tell me how pretty it looks or i will come to your house and kick you . www.clintdidier.org 
who ever said \things happen for a reason\ " is an idiot " 
is very cranky today 
is not her happy happy joy self today 
well things still suck but at least I'm in a better mood 
is cranky again ... and no I don't want to talk politics ... < PROPMALE > 
Is now officially in English ( Pirate ) instead of English ( US ) ... you can change it down at the bottom of your profile < PROPFEMALE > . 
Do I even need to say how much I can't stand the left side of the Washington ... and it's dampness and ickiness ? 
Is still in a coma from the turkey yesterday . 
sometimes I think I'm the only sane person in the world 
This year needs to be over . It has been the suckiest year ever . 
Is scared of the groaning coming from her poor little computer as she designs really big graphics for signs and other campaign stuff . If it starts smoking I'm going to go hide . 
working is seriously cutting into my goof off time 
is up way to late ... again .. at least it's earlier then the other day . oh and it's snowing ice and snow ... it should be very pretty when the sun hits it in the morning but very much a PITA . 
It seems the new year has brought a new found outlook . :) Things are really feeling like they are looking up 
Orange 
hates it when her hubby is gone . 
is annoyed and cranky today 
Quote of the day : ' Life isn't about how to survive the storm , but how to dance in the rain . ' 
just confirmed her tickets to hawaii !!! 
wewt okay so it is just delayed ... it doesn't pop up right away . 
some people have no business doing anything having to do with Graphic Arts 
FYI < PROPFIRST > is not in Hawaii yet , he is sitting on a base waiting for the Tsunami to pass before he flys out . Luckly for us this warning happened prior to them flying out . They were all loaded on the plane when it came through . 
I'm not very good at this whole being away from my husband thing . I am a horrible military wife lol 
So here I am , in hawaii , stuck on the military base until 2pm . I am not complaing though because I can see the ocean from my room and ... I'm in Hawaii !!!! 
So I had dinner at benihana's the night before last . Really great food and We went to some place called Senor Frogs last night and they have HUGE FREAKIN drink . so one 28 oz a 42 oz and a 10 oz < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and I felt no pain the rest of the night . The walk back to the car was comical 
I'm not ready to come home yet , but I'm ready to see the kids . Maybe I can fly them down and just live here 
is home 
There is a point where I told you so won't even cover it . Maybe sky writing it would work .. hmm no ... Oh I know writting it on the < PROPFEMALE > for the world to see might just cover it . Not gonna explain ... Just know that I was right on a MASSIVE scale . 
can't sleep . I always hate when hubby isn't at home , I can never sleep 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes :) I can't wait to spend the evening with my mom and sister . I don't get to see them enough . What a great day ! :) 
I had a very fun day . Thanks you for all the birthday wishes . :) 
My new Motto for life : \I reject your reality and substitute my own \"" 
a real friend is someone who will help you hide the body 
is squinting suspiciously but isn't saying why 
is killing super mutants with a giant gatling lasor while wearing power armor . ROAR !!! Now THIS is the way to take out frustrations . 
really ? I mean ... really ? Did you honestly think that was a good idea ? * shakes her head in disbelief * 
is self reflecting 
is in a relatively good mood 
:( 
o.O 
Getting up prior to 8am is highly overrated 
There is no spoon 
is playing with Ancestry.com and realizes she knows way more about her Dad's side of the family then her Mom's 
Is making Cheesecake for tomorrow 
needs to eat breakfast before I just dig into the cheesecake calling my name .... no ... can't eat it ... saving for after dinner ... must resist 
There is nothing like the 4th surrounded by hicks with explosives 
Loves her crazy friends 
F.O.C.U.S. 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
has something weighing heavily on her mind . I wish I could talk about it but I can't . Don't worry mom no one is hurt and the family is all fine . This isn't anything to do with family . 
It is quite a compliment when your 5 year old eats every bite of his dinner then asks for more . ( and no it wasn't junk food ) 
My brain is exploded around the room as I go through all the financial paperwork and box up the older stuff to store . As I go through all the old paperwork , I am finding cards and letters from December . They are making me a bit sad , but I have to get this done , so I can't dwell . Moving on is hard but necessary . It's surprising to me that it is effecting me this way . It's almost a weird sort of mourning . 
I don't think I can even come up with the words to say how much I love my husband . 11 years of marriage and 14 years since we started dating went by so fast . I am so luck that he walked into the right classroom on the wrong day . :) 
Two of my closest friends ( < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ) took me out for a day of beauty today . Hair , makeup , clothing shopping and Nails . What a GREAT day and what wonderful friends I have . I am extremely lucky to have met the people I have met over the last year . <3 
ugh . I feel like a chipmunk . My cheeks are swollen from having my wisdom teeth pulled . But the vicodin is nice lol 
Some people need a good thrashing 
is very proud of her daughter 
I don't care what your stance is or what party you are with . Everyone needs to vote . It is extremely important and it is your responsibility . In my opinion , if you don't vote you don't have the right to whine about the results . Get out and Vote people !!! 
I need to stop refreshing the secretary of state web < PROPFEMALE > with the Senate election results on it and get some actual housework done . It's hasn't had anything new for a good hour now . lol 
I seriously need to move out of my state . Brainless sheeple ... lemmings ... 
has a job interview on Tuesday !!! 
I think my interview went really well :) 
CHRISTMAS !!!! 
went out to a really yummy Mexican restaurant for dinner . embarrassed the heck out of < PROPFIRST > when the kids and I were dancing in our chairs to the music . 
