Well happy new year everyone . I got the Count of < PROPMALE > Cristo today , it is so long it will not be fun to read or do work on . I was leaving Giant Eagle today and I saw my reflection and thought it was someone else and tried to get out of their way , is that normal ? 

I'm bored , what to do ? 
I think I might sleep , but I don't feel like it , I'll find something to do , I think 
Ok , I'm just going to bed 
Anybody know what I should do today ? 
Ugh time to sleep again , the worst part of the day , sometimes . I played the FIFA World Cup demo on my ps3 today and it was really fun might have to get it and play as Scotland . But I'm also considering getting a job at McDonalds . 
Time to sleep 
Well , I have no idea what to do today . 
Well , I'm goin to bed , goodnight all of you who feel it necessary to read this , I got to go dans house tomorrow , what a joy that will be , haha , well good night and have pleasant dreams ! 
In a couple hours I'll be going to bed , and I promise to possibly have something interesting to say , that is , if any of you care , but you might , I don't know 
Well now the time to sleep has come , and the day is all but done ... to think of what accomplishments today has achieved , makes me realize I only sneezed , ya know what , this sucks , I'm goin to bed , if you want to talk to me or hear the rest of the poem , or just want to be a friend , message me , or don't , it's all up to you who reads this 
Well I got up late again today , but I'd rather get up early and enjoy the entire day , but I hear that those who get up early ... gets worms , or the worm , so I hope that they have given out all the worms when I wake up so I can get a gerbil , or perhaps a puppy ! Well goodmorning , you people can talk to me if ya want 
Well I'm going to bed , which I must say I dread , for I sleep like a sheep that isn't named < PROPMALE > , but simply likes pumpkin bread , ok good night , message me to talk or to hear other intransing rhymes of my creation , goodnight 
As night time falls , I soon recall the events that today has brought , but as I remembered , my rabbit changed gender and I was left with a thought that I almost forgot , but stayed in my mind forever ! Yeah goodnight , message me to talk or something sometime ! 
Tonight I recalled the other days fall , and within the minute I couldn't concieve it , but after hours of shuffling thoughts , my mind bought a cabinet , sorry this is terrible , I am otherwise preoccupied , message me if ya wanna talk , goodnight 
I'm bored 
What in the world is there to do when one has a broken shoe , you can go to payless , but never play chess , and be left with the rest of you . Good night everyone , you can talk to me or something I'm bored a lot , just message me . 
Today was the day that someone said hey , but when I replied , they said only nay . Why they said this , I have no idea , all I have now is a brand new tortilla . Yeah I'm bored , message me ... or even text me if you want but not tonight , tomorrow is ok though . 
YES THEY REVEALED A PICTURE OF THE GREEN LANTERN !!!!!!! I'm very happy about this . And I'm all signed up for the 2010 Wii Games . I hope I do good ! Wish me luck ! It's at the Great Lakes Mall from the 23-25 , I do it the 24 ! 
Had a really fun day at Cedar Point , but now I'm tired because I'm not sitting by the fire , which doesn't exist unless you make a fist which can make a fire ... goodluck , I'm behind you , the world would be a better place if people could start a fire with their fist , Ah , but what kind of flame am I refering too ? 
Well I've been training for the 2010 Wii Games , but I still don't know how well I'll do , I still have group training tomorrow and later today , I must be prepared and win the games ! 
Finished reading The Tenth Man , I really enjoyed that book ... but now I have to finish the work too ... 
I really can't wait for Sonic Colors that game looks so cool and fun , I also can't wait for Sonic 4 ! 
Well the 2010 Wii Games are tomorrow , wish me luck if you want ! 
The Wii Games were today , they were fun 
Just donated blood , now I'm doing some English work 
NO AUTOGRAPHS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well , I'm finishing up most of my English work , but I've been distracted for the last hour as another lady bug came into my room to kill itself , I think it is dead now though . 
Time to sleep FOOL , in the morning I will only need a half hour to finish my essay and be done with all of my summer work . FOOL !!! 
FOOL !!! IN THE MORNING I DRINK COFFEE WITH CREAM AT THE CAFE , IN THE AFTERNOON I DRINK TEA WITH TWO LUMPS OF SUGER AT THE CAFE , AND AT NIGHT I GET INTO MY PAJAMAS ... FOOL !!! 
The needs of the many outway the needs of the few , or the one . \ 
Live long and prosper . 
I have two tests tomorrow and I studied for them 
I got a letter from Washington University today , I had never heard of it before , but apparently it is the 13th best college in the country , I might consider them , though I would prefer a college that is at least in the top 10 , preferably number 1 
I din't know what to do . 
I don't know what to do today . 
Today was very bad 
Knock knock 
About to put the English project onto DVD 
I feel like my English project went over well today , even though my group didn't have the powers of destruction working for us , and the DVD we played wasn't the fully edited version . 
I'm tired , so I think I'm gonna go to bed 
Finally , tomorrow is Friday , I'm so ready for the weekend . 
I finally got the game 
I am quite pleased ... 
So far I'd say that I have had a successful weekend , tomorrow I must do my Spanish project though , one thing for sure is that I'm not very disappointed that I didn't go to Homecoming . 
Knock knock ... 
I'll be at the North South game tonight , I will probably see a lot of you there , but that doesn't mean I'll say hi to any of you 
The North South game was tonight , I went 
October is cancer awareness month . Inmemory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has losttheir battle with cancer and in honour of those who continue to conquerit ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
I'm bored , I might just go to sleep and wake up early and hopefully have something to do when I wake up 
I really love bustin a move while playing Just Dance 2 , especially to the song Rasputin , my moves are so poppin fresh 
Watching the Browns makes me feel like playing football , but I think I would rather spit some rhymes ... ok maybe I wouldn't 
Well it looks like me and < PROPFIRST > are going to get to do another video for English , if all goes well this one will be a lot better than the last 
Well I donated blood today , but what troubles me is that < PROPFIRST > appears to not want to do a video for English anymore , I must find a way to change his mind 
I am really tired , but no school tomorrow so that is good 
I finally got to try Shadow the Hedgehog today , and so far I actually do like that game , even though everyone says that it is one of the worst games ever 
Shadow the Hedgehog is frustrating me ... 
I'm going to see the play tonight 
My new picture is strange , yet profound 
Now this picture is pretty good 
This picture definitely looks awesome , this is much better than my other pictures . The National Honor Society induction was tonight , I expected to fall or something but it went fine 
Well I finally got my XBOX connected to live , though after playing with it I must say I still prefer the Playstation Network much more 
I am finally done with that government project , it was annoying but not too hard , but it was definitely annoying enough for me to hate it 
Well I have decided to do something out of boredom , from now on I will edit my picture into what ever people suggest to me and post it as my picture for a few days , please be appropriate , I have already done clown and reindeer , I look forward to suggestions . 
Excited to go shopping this morning . I'm getting up at 3 and am gonna have some fun 
Well I don't remember the last time I was this scared . But I feel like the fear is beginning to fade , though sleep will elude me for some time tonight ... 
This is a pretty good picture of me 
I do not want to go to school at all tomorrow .. 
This picture definitely will not last long as my profile picture ... 
This is a much better picture . Plus , it shows what would happen if I was ever arrested , they would need the big guns to keep me under control , and even then I am unfazed . 
Well tonight was fun . That was my first experience with Cosmic Bowling and it was entertaining . 
This is a picture from when I was a baby and my last name was Pickles . They made a show about it , but changed my face , they thought my face was too mature for the young audience . 
This is the fake me who goes around telling blasphemous tales to religious hobos during the night ... he is a real pain 
You know what they say , \ 
Fool me once , shame on you , \ 
Fool me twice , shame on me , \ 
Fool me three times , your going to get curb stomped by < PROPFIRST > Gallagher ! 
Fool and three times , you're going to get curb stomped by < PROPFIRST > Gallagher ! 
If I had a < PROPFEMALE > for every time I disco dance in the mall I would have no pennies 
If I had a < PROPFEMALE > for every time I voluntarily talked to someone at school , I would have no pennies ... :( lol 
This picture really captures my Spartan heritage ... 
Yes this picture came out perfectly . Anyone have any other ideas for a profile picture ? 
Today was kind of a boring day . I hope tomorrow is more fun 
Today was a great birthday 
I like snow days , but I have a feeling the teachers are going to try to cram stuff in this week and make these last three days very difficult ... 
Well it won't feel like I am really on break until I get this foolish government project finished ... so I hope to start it Monday 
I had a good day today . I went to the Cavs game and they won , had great seats too . Then I went Cosmic Bowling , then came home and played ps3 . 
Well I started the government project and it takes a lot of time . It took me a couple hours and I only got three of them done . It sucks 
Working on my government project , this is a very annoying project 
Finally I am just about done with the government project , it took a few days , but I can finally be free from the stress . 
I am finally done with the government project . That took WAY longer than three hours . 
I do not want to go to school tomorrow at all ... 
If I ever ride an elephant backwards down railroad tracks on a Sunday afternoon in the middle of march in a winter coat while holding hot chocolate , I would be pretty sure I lost my mind , until then I am perfectly sane 
I want the weekend to be here already 
If I wasn't in school anymore and had my driver's license and permission , I would so be on my way to New York City for tomorrow 
I set my keyboard up today . Now I get to try to play it 
Well now that we know who will be in the Super Bowl I predict and hope that the Packers will beat the Steelers 
Wow , the PSP2 looks so incredible . HD gaming in a handheld is going to be so much fun . I don't know whether I want the 3DS or the PSP2 more 
Tomorrow will be really fun 
Today was a very very long day , but at least I reached lv100 
I am glad the Packers won the Super Bowl , this weekend has been pretty good 
I really do not understand why people think it is such a big deal that I like Glee , I do not see how it concerns them at all 
I played a lot of my games today , it was an alright day 
I got tickets to see the Glee concert , I can't wait , it will be pretty awesome 
With this as my picture , no evil doer shall attempt to interfere with truth , justice , or the American way 
I hope to have a good day tomorrow , technically today 
I finally got my first platinum trophy , I am very happy about that . Now I have to celebrate my sister's birthday 
Yes the Avengers movie is going to be shot in < PROPMALE > , if there are auditions for background actors I would love to do it 
I have never done this before , but it seems like it might be interesting ... tbh 
I think it would be quite relaxing to be this giant duck calmly drifting down the English Channel with no one to bother me , just going where the tide takes me 
tbh 
