is sitting at home with a splint on his left hand/thumb . Cut his thumb with a box cutter , severed the artery and nerve on the finger side . spent 3 hours in surgery with the plastic surgeon doing nerve repair . will be in a splint 10 days , feeling may retur 

Wishing my weekend of call was over . Just put a labor epidural in a Girl who spoke no Spanish and her Boyfriend spoke no English . Perhaps the perfect relationship ! 
is going to bed have a heart to do at 06:30 
A < PROPFEMALE > day !!!!! I forgot what that looked like . Unfortunately very hot 88 degrees but it's OK it's a very moist heat ! 
The meeting is over , heading home tomorrow ! Looking forward to seeing my wife and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\Foolish liberals who are trying to read the Second Amendment out of the Constitution by claiming it's not an individual right or that it's too much of a safety hazard don't see thedanger of the big picture . They're courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the Constitution they don't like\ " < PROPMALE > Dershowitz " 
What a great day ! 75 specks ( in 2 hours ) , 8 white trout , and 8 nice Reds !!!!!!!! 
I owe , I owe so it's off to work I go ! ( tomorrow ) 
is very tired and going to bed . 
I wonder how disinherited feels ? 
Let's do the Time Warp Again !!! Hey < PROPFEMALE > remember the black shoes , black pants , black T shirt with the snake on it ? 
Almost nine time for bed ! 
Lots of Christmas time babies Six C-sections so far today ! 
is listening to a verrrrrryyyy long recounting of < PROPFEMALE>'s dream from last night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are back at college . I miss them already ! 
Some schools closed today because it was \Too Cold\ " lows in the lower 20's! no ice or snow just cold ! " 
If Universal Healthcare passes , can I be employed in another Galaxy ? 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > today to eat lunch and see < PROPFIRST > ! 
Who Dat Baby !!!!! GEAAAUUUUXX Saints 
Who Dat Baby ! Superbowl bound !!!!!!!!!! 
Can you believe the national sports press is dissing us so badly ! Thats OK ! Motivation baby ! Wait until Manning gets a few face full's of Saints defense ! Ask < PROPMALE > and Farve , Peyton You're next ! Who Dat ! 
Cut the grass for the first time today ! Mostly clover and some weeds growing , the lawn hasn't greened up yet . 
The Tulip tree in the front yard is blooming ! I love spring ! 
I BELIEVE !!!!!!!!!! Who Dat !!!!!! 
Heading to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow for the Society of cardiovascular anesthesia's TEE course 
That some should be < PROPMALE > shows that others may become < PROPMALE > , and hence is just encouragement to industry and enterprise . Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another ; but let him labor diligently and build one for himself , thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction . We didnt pass it to our children in the bloodstream . It must be fought for , protected , and handled on for them to do the same , or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our childrens children what it was once like in the United Stateswhere men were free . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , A Time for Choosing : The Speeches of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
A beautiful day at the zoo 
Check out my new toy on uploaded photos . The fish are running scared in Terrebonne Parish !!!!!!!!!! 
listening . To < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > thinking the day the music died is accurate ! !!!!!!! 
The transom is bad ! My life sucks ! 
Actually I am very fortunate , my life is great and I am very blessed . 
3 foot waves on lake Mechant soaking wet and all for 10 perch 
You would have thought 40 knot winds would have kept us off the water , but that would assume we are sane individuals ! 
Eating lunch at < PROPMALE>'s true New Orleans 
Great sushi tonight on Magazine street ! 
Eating lunch at the original Cafe Maspero's 
Back to lectures hopefully I can stay awake after seafood stuffed pistolettes 
I just want to sniff some glue ! I just want to have something to do ! All the kids want to sniff some glue ! All the kids want something to do ! Name the artist ? 
Let's do the time warp again ! 
Maybe I'll wake up in the morning and it will be 1999 , and all of this will have been a bad dream and I will be 38 again 
Heading back to Omaha for the final week of < PROPFEMALE > training . 
Did I mention I hate flying , feel like cattle in a stock car ! 
on the plane in < PROPFIRST > heading to Omaha 
Delayed because of a \maintenance \ " issue ! And so it begins ! " 
In Omaha without incidence 
What band and what song has the best flute rip in Rock and Roll ? 
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb ? \ 
\ 
Only one , but the light bulb has to really want to change ! 
The TEE course is over will be heading home in the am . 
In < PROPFIRST > waiting for the flight to board ! Moooooooo 
I saw < PROPFIRST > Rivers in the < PROPFIRST > airport , she looks worse in person ! 
Overbooked flight oh joy 
Rough bouncy flight from < PROPFIRST > , at least the drive to Houma will be smooth on these LA highways . 
Eating sushi in Houma . Yum ! 
Eating at Prejean's in Lafayette , listening to live Cajun music 
Heading out today on a week long vacation , driving to Springfield , MO . 
Arrived in Springfield . Finally . 
Having fun at Silver Dollar City 
Heading south in the A.M. 
In New Orleans for the night , visiting my peeps 
Insanity is continuing to do the same thing over and over , yet expecting a different outcome !!!!!!!!! 
Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . Ain't going to be a third time ! 
Having fun visiting with the Wises in The Woodlands , TX . Would be a great place to live ! 
Please let me wake up and it be 1985 ! 
At work in the wee hours of the morning for the second time in three days . I'll be glad when this weekend is over ! 
London calling ! 
Should I stay or should I go ? 
Having fun at 3am taking care of an illegal alien , who speaks no english , with a gun shot wound to the abdomen ! Your tax dollars at work . 
Call weekend is finally over ! 
Waiting for my beautiful daughter at the airport ! . 
Alligator sauce piquante , and chicken andouille gumbo the hospital cafeteria has redeemed itself . 
You can't blame Bush anymore ! 
If anyone is selling raffle tickets on a fishing boat , let me know . 
A Progressive by any other name is still . ..... Well a Marxist 
If at first You don't secede try try again ! !!!! 
We're moving < PROPFIRST > into her apartment at U of Louisiana today . They grow up so fast . 
O'bla < PROPFIRST > , O'bla Da ! 
Sunrise ! Sunset ! Sunrise ! Sunset ! 
20 , 20 , 24 hours ago , I want to be sedated ! 
Once again I prove a bad day of fishing is better than a good day at work ! 
Should I go fishing Thursday ? The tide is in the end of transition with only a 0.86 incoming all day , but a new < PROPFEMALE > give the day a 7 out of 10 , and the weather is supposed to be calm ? 
I made Seafood Sauce Piquante ( Recipe from River Roads III ) last night Soooooo good . Substituted scallops for the oysters and used a redfish from the freezer . < PROPFIRST > won't eat local oysters yet due to the spill and dispersants . 
Watching the NFC championship game from last year to get ready for Thursday ! !!!! 
Well decided not to go fishing today , maybe Saturday . Going to work on my TEE ( < PROPFEMALE > ) cases instead . 
Well another sub par day of fishing , I caught one respectable red and my friend < PROPMALE > caught 4 keeper trout . Winds were calm which was great for the seas but heat and humidity oppressive . Still a day on the water with a friend is never a bad day ! 
Was going to go fishing tomorrow but with 10 - 20 mph winds , I think I'll stay home and work on my TEE cases 
Calling an illegal alien an undocumented immigrant is analogous to calling a drug dealer an unlicensed pharmacist ! !!! 
Why do finger sandwiches in a marsh taste better than Chateaubriand ? 
90 degrees with 83% humidity ! I love fall weather 
I really don't like weekend call ! At the hospital at midnight 2 days in a row ! 
I ask everyone to keep in their prayers the families of the 4 Vandebilt Catholic High students who died in an automobile accident on their way back to Houma after the LSU football game . Their truck went off the road and overturned in the bayou . One of the kids was the daughter of one of T . G . M . C . ' s nursing supervisors . 
In the New Orleans airport starting my week long TEE review courses . First Boston then Park City , UT . 
In < PROPFIRST > boarding for Boston , my first foray into true Yankee territory ! The war of northern aggression shall never be forgotten ! 
13 hour days starting @ 07:00 with only one meal break are wearing me down 
Getting ready for a 2 hour mock TEE exam 
Tests all over until mock exam in Utah later this week . Celebrating with a bone in ribeye at the voted best steak in Boston ! 
In < PROPFIRST > heading to Park City for TEE part duex ! !!!! 
Starting another TEE review course , at least this one only has 10 hour days ! 
In the SLC airport waiting to start my journey home :-) 
15 hours into another 72hour call weekend 
At the hospital after midnight 3 nights in a row ! Did I mention I hate weekend call ! 
Back at the hospital @ 03:30 , will this weekend ever end ! 
Had a nice family weekend visiting in < PROPFEMALE > and Lafayette , LA . 
Leaving < PROPMALE > this morning after a brief visit with our best friends , the Wises . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > . 
Nothing like a weekend of call to celebrate one's birthday . 
I would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes . I truly appreciate them 
To all < PROPMALE > Liberals/Obama supporters , give to < PROPFEMALE > ALL of your income over $ 250,000 . 00 , and stop buying your designer clothes , before you raise my taxes ! Otherwise YOU are a Hypocrite ! As < PROPFEMALE > Thatcher said \ The problem with liberals is eventually they run out of other peoples money \"" 
Work tomorrow after a one week , 2,200 driving mile , 10 state vacation ! I need a vacation to recover from my vacation 
Going fishing hope to catch some 
Weekend . Call , BLAH !!!!! 
72 hours of call is almost over ! Going to celebrate by going fishing with < PROPMALE > B . We're going to hit lake Decade . 
Fishing canceled < PROPMALE > needs to take care of business in New Orleans 
20 , 20 , 24 hours ago , I want to be sedated , nothing to do nowhere to go I want to be sedated . 
I can't control my fingers , I can't control my brain , I want to be sedated ! Hurry hurry hurry before I go insane ! I want to be sedated !!!!!! 
Going fishing in the morning , hoping to limit out so that I can fill the freezer ! 
Another 72 hour call weekend :-( 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > for making the < PROPFIRST>'s list this semester at ULL 
I am looking for a good used boat . 19+ feet in length , preferably 2000 or later ( no wood in construction ) , preferably bay boat design , with an appropriately sized motor in good condition . please let me know if you know of anything like that . 
Fried duck breast in sweet and spicy sauce ! Gotta love south Louisiana hospital food ! 
Well the Hawgs let us down , now lets go TIGERS AND WAR EAGLES 
I passed the TEE boards ! I am now a testimer in perioperative < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Starting 96 straight hours of call\ 
Blah !!! 
96 hours of call are over !!!!!!! 
Hoping for a quiet call night 
Well I have rejoined the ranks of Maritime owners . I purchased a 1996 Century 1860 with a 115Hp Yamaha . The fish are swimming scared in Terrebonne Parish ! 
Starting another weekend of call . At least this one is only72 hours and not 96 
Any suggestions for a name for my newly purchased fishing boat ? 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Rotten 
Taking a business trip to Spfld . Hope the weather holds 
Well I made it out of Southwest Missouri . 19 inches of snow accumulation . I haven't seen snow in 3 years . I guess God wanted me to see 3 years worth in 1 day 
Somehow \The Clash\ " blaring from the anesthesia office makes weekend call just a little bit better ! " 
Gotta love weekend efficiency only one of 4 cases done before lunch ! Understandable considering I was told when I arrived this AM , to bad you're not on OT . 
