HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! DONT FORGET THE WORLD IS SUPPOSED TO END IN TWO YEARS ... LOL 

I really hope you all enjoy my photography that was uploaded ! 
hows everyone doing ??? 
my life this week has probably been one of the worse weeks ever ! But im just hoping that it will soon get better ... life is hard but i just keep hopeing !!! 
love the life you live .... live the life you love ... 
why does no one answer me on this thing ... i feel so un-loved ... :( 
lol 
i am not that short .. :D 
Everyone like my new profile pic ??? its they only one of me personly 
theres this guy that likes me and just womt leave me alone he follows me everywhere ... i mean it might be ok if i liked him back ... BUT I DO NOT LIKE HIM AT ALL !!! i have to tell him that today ( in a sweeter way though ) i like some one else and the guy who likes me has liked me since 8th grade .. ahhhhhhh this is going to be hard oh well i like this other guy alot more anyway . no one ask who he is !!! love ya all :D 
ahhhhhhhhhh 
THE RAIN IS MY CHRISTMAS ... AND CHRISTMAS JUST CAME EARLY .. YAY :D 
its the way you love me , its i feel like this .. . its centripical motion , its perpetual bliss , its that pivital moment , is ahh .. imposible this kiss this kissunstopable this kiss this kiss ( BY FAITH HILL ) 
Oh my gosh I am soooo excited im going to go see new < PROPFEMALE > .. ahhhhhhhh 
would you love a monster man ... could you understand beauty of the beast ... i wuld do it all 4 u .. would you do it all do it all 4 me 
if you want to get out alive , run for your life .. if i stay it wont be long till im burning on the inside ... if i go i can only hope that i make it to the other side --- three days grace 
As the fire within slowley disolves into a dim light , the aspiration to actually live decays . Soon there is nothing but the utter loneliness of the blackened night . The majestic rain falls upon my check as I ponder threw the storm . As the weather's beauty radiates my soul , I hear nothing but the reminisceing music of all natures beauty . I softly float away and give into the night's esscence . By : me 
OH MY GOSH !!! I just got a ipod nano from my sister for christmas ... well an early christmas ... lol it has video on it and everything and to make it better its BLUE !!!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i like how there is more people on facebook on christmas day then the day after ... i guess there all to busy taking back gifts ... lol 
The night dwells as the creatures come out to play . Such howls that follow the beauty of our darkened day . What lies witin is but yet a mystery , locked by the binds of life . A hidden key surpassed by death , the screams within the night . And as our breath begin to seize , we take our last and final leap . To somewhere greater that lies within , a path once known as forbidden . 
As the fire within slowley disolves into a dim light , the aspiration to actually live decays . Soon there is nothing but the utter lonliness of the blackened night . The majestic rain falls upon my check as I ponder threw the storm . As the weathers passion radiats my soul I hear nothing but thr reminising music of all natures beauty . I softly float away , and give into the nights essence . 
OMG !!!! I have just been personally invited to go travel and study in England , Ireland , Wales , and Scotland over the summer of 2010 ... ahhhhh yayyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\ferns grow here and daisies too . \"" 
My mom just showed me a picture of the camera I am going to get for my birthday and she says she is pretty sure it is an Olympus E-500 !!!!! ahhhh :D 
OMG I am sooooooooo bored !!! The only thing that keeps me going is the thought of my new camera for my birthday ... lol 
GOSH , I hate how I am so much better being myself online when talking with a guy then I am in real life !!! I guess im just really self conscious which sucks !!!! 
I can not wait to be free !!!! I love my family but they are driving me to extinction !!! I need to get out ... I am sick of worrying about others and being depressed ... sometimes i think whats the point to life .. then i remember that one day i will tuly be able to live and that thought is what keeps me going !!! 
* looking in the mirror ... : C 
I've fallen and I cant get up .... then again , I don't think I want to !!! 
my tummy hurts :P 
sometimes i just wish i looked lik my shadow ... it so much skinnier then me : C 
I hate the feeling where you can be surounded by a swarm of people and still feel alone ! 
lonlieness is but yet a shrud fact of life everyone is lonley sometimes the only hard part is when someone is lonley everytime 
suddenly i blank out and leave the world behind me .... as i run i try not to hear myself screaming ... though i can quiet the sounds i cant stop the feeling of tears falling from my eyes ... soon i stop runing and wake up to the world that should have never been yet the world in which i have been confined 
* run away love * 
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i have so many self cosciouse problems :( 
the 7 things i hate about you .... your vain , your games , your insecure , you love me- you love her , you make me laugh- you make me cry , i dont know what side to buy , your friends their jerks when you act like them .. just know it hurts , i want to be with the one i know , and the seventh thing i hate the most that you do ... you make me love >>> miley < PROPMALE > 
: C : C : C : C : C : C : C no rain :: C : C : C : C : C : C : C : C 
There is this guy i like but he lives all the way in atascadero : C life can be so unfair 
my room is the G- spot , call me mr. flinstone , i can make your bed-rock ------ by lil < PROPMALE > lol 
ill keep you my dirty littl secret ... i love that song !!! 
im not your < PROPFEMALE > , this aint a < PROPFEMALE > tale , im gonna find someone , someday that might actually treat me well ---- < PROPFIRST > swift song ... but the lyrics are so true 
Ill bet shes beautiful ... that girl he talks about , and shes got everything that i have to live without ... .......................................... i wonder if he knows hes all i think about at night ... hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar , the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing < PROPFEMALE > --- < PROPFIRST > swift ( i skipped a few lines ) .. 
so i drive home alone , as i turn off the light , i put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight ... cause hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only one whos got enough of me to break my heart .. ............. i fake a smile so he wont see -- < PROPFIRST > swift ( i skipped a few lines ) 
I hate it when the chat box says theres like 5 people on here and then you press the box and theres like only two ... lol total sike out 
I hate tonight ... its just one of those nights that you want to hold your breath and just pass out !!!! 
Ok .. so I like this guy who goes to righetti and we have a class together ... but im stumped on what to do .. because i get really bubbly and shy around guys i like ... ehhhhh 
Ok so this guy i thought i liked ended up being a total jerk ... ehhh what a bummer ... \oh well\ " .. lol " 
How stupid is it that some guy wants to high < PROPFIRST > A < PROPFEMALE > from jupiter ... lol its like wtf 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > ... that song you were talking about was by < PROPFIRST > ..... its this guy who dresses up like a girl and sings omg shoes .... but he also sings let me borrow that top ... lol 
Dude what the heck .. they switched facebook all around ... ehhhhh 
i get to clean my room today ..... yayyy lol 
OMG my mom has a priceless coin dated all the way back to 600 BC and only a few know about this rare coin .. yet we are the only ones who have ever been able to touch it besides the people who made it in 600 BC !!!!!! AHHHHHH 
some people are born to shut up and sit behind the desk , some people are born to be safe and cant take a risk .. hand cuff your boss , be ruff , he might like it like it .... he'll get a wise youll get a raise ... dont tell his wife about it .... lol ... this is a song by aqua ( lene-its your duty ) 
while the wall stood high , the butterflies flew away ... but what happens when the wall breaks .... 
who else is and or isn going to the dance ???? 
I miss when I was younger and everything in life seemed tolerable ... now all is known and nothing is forgotten .... such waves that break upon a young girls heart and die within a young ladies soul .... 
Im not looking for a clearer consciouse , peace of mind after what I've been threw ... and before we talk of any rependence , try walking in my shoes ---- \Depeche Mode\ " ( its a band ) ... my mom just introduced me to them .... love it " 
Today was good .... and interesting :D 
CRAP ! I have two tests tommarow and totally forgot .... eh oh well ... lol 
haha the camping trip was fun ... but there was a phsyco < PROPFEMALE > ... i was just trying to say hi and it attacked me ... lol but it was way to cute to be mad at .... lol 
All in all , you'r just another brick in the wall ... * Pink < PROPMALE > * 
What's the point in talking if you never listen !!! 
: C My < PROPFEMALE > still won't come in from under the house ... 
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYY my < PROPFEMALE > is back .... finally ... lol 
And it can feel like the whole world is raining down on you ... brought to you courtesy of the RED , WHITE , and BLUE .... \toby keith \"" 
I didn't take a brick off the wall of pain .... I just gave it to you !!! 
You see the way I care ... I see the way you feel ... 
Ok well tomarrow's my birthday and I decided to give myself a brithday present ... so I knocked down that shyness wall of mine .... this is the best birthday ever .... now I think I am going to go party .... lol 
Do you think I should wear that dress for my birthday tomarrow ??? 
I am so excited for tomarrow !!!!! 
:| ] 
She left her pills in the glove compartment , that was the afternoon her heart went . And the sun still shines in the summer time , I'll be yours if you'll be mine . I tried to change but I changed my mind ... think I'll have another glass of mexican wine . --- Fountains of < PROPMALE > 
I just want to scream and loose control , throw my hands up and let it go , forget about everything and run away ( ya ) I just want to fall and loose myself , laughing so hard it hurts like hell . Forget about everything and run away ( ya) --- < PROPFEMALE > Lavign 
When your heart is in a dream , no request is too extreme ! lol I saw this on a poster .... lol 
As my breath begins to seize , my heart begins to die . Slowly yet painfully life comes to an end . 
Ok I am sad for Haiti as much as the next person . But why do we try so hard for them but not others . Its kinda wrong ... but I sitll care <3 
OMG ITS ALMOST < PROPFEMALE > GUTIERREZ'S BIRTHDAY ... .... .... I AM SOOOOO GOING TO FLOWER HER !!!!! 
My eyes hurt but I can't look away !!!! 
WHAT IF ??? 
HI ... HELLO .... HI .... really ? lol * you know who you are .... lol 
ITS RAINING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
haha-my-spacebar-broke-so-im-dashing-and ..... doting .... everyhting ..... lol 
I-swear-if-one-more-person-asks-me-if-I-am-ok-I-am-going-to-scream !!!!! I-AM-FINE 
Hey-DJ-love-the-way-I-loose-my-inhabitions-when-you-spin-and-I-dont-care-if-people-stare-i'd-rather-boogie-then-try-to-fit-in ... turn-it-up-let-em'-scrutinize-way-up-cause-the-night-is-mine-turn-it-up-let-me-scandalize-ya-up-on-the-flashing-lights ..... DONT-BE-JEALOUS-OF-MY-BOOGIE-dont-be-jealouse-of-my-boogie-YOU-CAN-SAY-THAT-YOU-WERE-NOT-BUT-I-ALWAYS-SEE-YOU-LOOKING ---- rupaul-drag-races\dont-be-jealous-of-my-boogie \"" 
I-am-not-looking-forward-to-do-swimming-as-a-pe-course- : C 
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
think-of-your-favorite-person-and-think-of-them-with-the-opposite-color-of-hair-then-they-have-now- ... have-fun !!! 
As-my-life-goes-on-i-still-hear-the-reminising-sound-of-the-heart-beat-once-longed-for-by-mine 
And-I-had-the-time-of-my-life ... and-i-owe-it-all-to -- you ..... * dirty-dancing 
OK-FOR-ALL-OF-YOU !!! -I-AM-NO T-T AKING-THE-\find-out-your-lover-of-the-day \"- TEST ... I-SWEAR-MY-PROFILE-DOES-IT-AUTOMATICALLY-I-HAVE-NO-CLUE-WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
I-cant-wait-for-tommarrow . I-dont-start-school-until- 11:50 -- :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D ::D 
I-miss-the-older-days . Life-was-less-dramatic ! 
OMG-I-HAVE-SPARKLY-PANTS !!!!!! 
Yay , we got a new key board ,.. my spacebar works now :D 
I am so f*cking pissed off !!! My mom's stupid ass boyfriend left the door open and now my cat is back outside ... i am going to seriously kiss his ass 
theres nothing else i can say .. eh eh eh eh i wish you never looked at me that way .... ---- lady gaga 
Ok so I like two guys , but I'm so confused on who I like more . I mean I have a weird and sparky relationship with both of them . Especially because i have known them before 9th grade . UGHHHHHHHHHHHH p.s if you know who im talking about please dont mention either name ... 
Do you even know who I am ? 
were are the host , the dream , wheres my < PROPFEMALE > scean --- avril 
oh my friggin ' gosh .. I LOVE MUSHROOMS !!!! 
ok i was watching the < PROPMALE > awards ... lol * dont laugh ... and there was a best actress award between miley < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > bullock(best actress ever !! ) and stupid miley < PROPMALE > won ... ugh .. so retarded 
im going to be in an < PROPMALE > show at the mall ... yay my picture is amazing !!!! 
well i decided not to get that haircut ... too short ... lol 
Today was amazing .... I got offered money for my photo by the my teachers friend who collects art ...... how cool !!! 
STOP ! dont touch me there , this is my private square .. R-A-P-E rape is a fellany .... to < PROPFEMALE > Kawahara 
YAY !!!!!! I am finally moving ! I mean our goal is still Washington State but for now we are just moving ... probably somewhere still in Orcutt .... : C But that's just because my mom wants me to finish out freshmen year at Righetti .... so if we get enough money we could be moving to Washington this summer ... but i've learned not to keep my hopes up ! lol anyway so excited to get out of the friggin ' house !!!!!!!!! 
TU RA < PROPFEMALE > RA TU RA < PROPFEMALE > RA AY ! come on eileen(song ) - some band * ... lol 
hahah wow i accidentally pressed in faceVook and there is a website called facevook !!! starnge 
To be a player you have to know how to play ! --- Shaggy 
While I'm wide awake , she no trouble sleeping . Cause ' when a heart breaks no it don't break even . And what am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you , and what am i supposed to say when im all chocked up and your ok ... im falling to pieces --- break even 
I am so sick of holidays < PROPFEMALE > ry animal I have ever had has died on a holiday . For example my fish Nemo who I had for 5 years died on St. Patricks day , my hamster < PROPFEMALE > who I had for 3 years died on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , my grandmas cat < PROPFIRST > who I loved and lived to be 25 died on Easter , and now my mouse sparkles who I had for a year died this year on Easter aswell ! But one thing I am happy about is the last thing I love you . 
Yay , I'm curling my hair with paper = beautiful curls !!! 
I don't think I'll be going to < PROPFEMALE > Hawkings ! There are so many othere things I want to do with my money , then waste it on about 3 hours of a stuffed , hot gym ! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! get on facebook more often ! 
Oh my god ! I just had the scaroest dream last night ... < PROPFEMALE > JONES was there and her and a few of these goths came to my house they were all standing out side .. but no one could here me , they were all just staring at me until suddenly a really cute couple ( i dont know who ) came by and they started to hex them .... ithen i woke up :\\ 
Wow , I just went to Orcutt Jr. High to say high to Mrs. Knowlton ( who lost soooooooooo much weight from yoga ) and I ended up seeing William(sophmore ) .... small school ... lol 
Oh ya < PROPFIRST > Swithenbank ... Mrs. Knowlton still has your picture that you painted of the sunset hanging up .. lol 
Yay ! my computor is finally working 
stop saying sorry ! and live life with out regret ..... cause you only live this life once 
I feel great today ! I am so thankful for all my friends ! I LOVE YOU ALL !!! 
BEKA ! where'd you go ? : c 
OMG ! my dad found out ..... I wonder what the future will bring 
this summer is sooooo boring .... but i have to admit ... the music on the radio is bomb ! (even if it is on all the time ) lol 
omg i know what i want to do for my sixteenth b-day ... i know this sounds weird but i would love to have a marshmallow party like there are so many games that you can do with marshmallows and make with them and all kinds of toppings for them like choclate and smores ... lol it would be the most fattening party < PROPFEMALE > but it would be so fun and messy lol but i doubt my dad would say yes ... 
DOES ANYONE WANT A KITTEN ??? we have 7 ... we have 4 black kittens ... 2 black and white kittens ... and 1 gray kitten .. each with really cute markings and are really loving .... if you do you can text me 260-3014 or just write back .... 
KITTENS FOR FREE !!! 
ANY BODY WANT FREE KITTENS ? ? ? 
I want to be you're favorite hello and hardest goodbye .... 
It's strange , how so many people can say \ I wish I was young again ... when life was easier\ " truth is you don't know what life is yet ... growing is a beautiful experience ... take that into mind ! " 
OH MY GOSH ! i just got the sofest blanket in the whole friggin ' universe .... feels like a giant blanket of awesomeness ! 
I just got two kick ass shoes for 10$ ..... \ 
;D 
Que Sera Sera , what ever will will be --- < PROPFEMALE > Day 
Im sick of being told what to do ! ugh 
im just letting everyone to whom ive been tlking alot with that im not usually on facebook but latley i have been cause i am at my sisters but im going home today so if i dont reply soon im sorry but ill try to get ononce in awhile .... ttyl ! 
I cry in the rain , not to hide , but rather because it is the only one that understands . --- Ashlie 
Ok , that's it ! I'm sick of seeing fatty photos , no more crap to eat and im going to start working out ..... UGH I'm done with this body ! 
Ok righetti is lame ... they said they werent giving 7 classes to people but I have already heard of three .... and they wouldnt give me my 7th class .... so i have no electives , not even health(which is the 7th class i asked for ) anyway my schedule is \ 
0 : modern world history w/wilson\ 
1 : pe w/barbarick\ 
2 : geometry w/ brickey\ 
3 : spanish w/ knight\ 
4 : honors biology w/ wingerden\ 
5 : honors english w/preston 
Does anyone know if Barbarick for P.E is good or not 
ok i know you were already thinking this but just a reminder ... I LOOK GOOD ..... lol luv ya 
Ya im feeling good tonight , finally doing me and it feels so right , time to do the things i like , going to the clubs everythings alright . No one to answer too , no one going who are you , and now that I got that hold off me Im living life now that im free ! ---- 
I totally fell in love with G.S.A ! I can't wait for next Friday ... 
I sooooooo want to go to a club and fucking shake my ass all night ! UgH ... lol 
I soooo wish I could go to Ventura pride : C 
HEY EVERYONE : I LOST MY PHONE TODAY AT SCHOOL ! ITS AN ENV TOUCH WITH A PICTURE OF A RAINBOW EYE ON THE FRONT SCREEN : IF YOU KNOW WHO MIGHT HAVE IT ...... TELL ME PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When the dark of the night comes round , thats the time , when the animal comes to life , looking for something wild . --- < PROPFEMALE > 
The thought of you being threatned popped into my head ... and i ended up attaking my punching bag ... hahahah epic ! 
According to parents were too young for love , too old for fun , too smart to play dumb , and too immature for grown up conversations . It's no wonder teens are so rebellious , theres nothing else too do ! --- (facebook ) 
For 24 hours you can ask me ONE question ( only on my inbox ) I will answer it no matter what . you have my full honesty . I dare you to put this on your status and see what people ask you (: 
Is annoyed when the chat box says theres like alot of people on chat then you press the box theres like two ... wtf 
If you really like her , make her yours before someone else does ---- 
Ok im so confussed .... i thought we had a spark but i think it might of been my hopes of an US going up in flames .... 
omg i just put my really soft blanket on my smooth legs ...... heaven ... love it 
who are you ? 
I thought I liked you but honestly your past is to much .... im sorry 
yay ! im so excited i got my phone back and my plan is getting turned back on .... life is looking up 
ok i know this is weird but when i was younger i would always say holy schneiders .... until i realized that that was someones actual name ..... lololol lmao 
suck my tooth bitch ! 
I SMELL SEX AND < PROPFEMALE > ---- amazing song ! 
omg i have rainbow striped nails ..... so perfect\ 
!!! 
when theirs something strange in your neighbor hood WHO YOU GUNNA CALL ? 
STINKY STINKY STINKY , HEFTY HEFTY HEFTY !!!! ///LOLOLOLOL 
YAY NAKED PARTY WITH POPSICLES TODAY !!!! CANT WAIT 
OH MY GOSH !!!!! BEST NIGHT OF EVERZ ....... I LOVE YOU Beka Castillo and < PROPFEMALE > Coyle 
Beka Castillo sorry i stopped texting you i had to finish my homework or my phone would get taken away .. actually i cant even be on face bookright now but i love you 
christian had an amzing birthday party ..... and whole shit load of random stuff lol we love you christian 
Sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE >!--- 
hahahah ... < PROPFEMALE > Hosking i fixed it 
You better take it from me , that boy is like a disease . You'r running , you'r trying , you'r trying , and hiding , you'r wondering why you cant get free . He's like a curse , he's like a drug , you'll get addicted to his love . You wanna get out , but he's holding you down , cause you can't live without one more touch --- < PROPFEMALE > UNDERWOOD 
your love is my drug .... plain and simple 
Scooby dooby doo where are you ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Coyle is the cutest thing in the world ! 
Im still waiting for your heart , cause im sure that one day it's gunna stop . You'll be mine to hold each day , but till then this is all i can say . --------- SONS OF ADMIRALS 
omg i want to play the eukalaly so bad ( dont know how to spell it ) ... lol 
Our realationship is complicated , sometimes its not to remeber , that your even there . But when I feel im being hated , feelinglonely in december , facing hardships that we cant bear . You'll help me come threw the other side , you build up my confidence , and raise my pride . Together theres nothing we can't face , just as long as we embrace ourselves . YOU KNOW THAT I REALLY REALLY REALLY LOVE YOU ------ charlieisacoolcookie 
her lips , her lips , i could kiss them all day if she'd let me . Her laugh , her laugh she hates , but i think it's so sexy . She's so beautiful and i tell her everyday . Oh you , you know , you know i'd never ask you to change , if perfects what you'r searching for , then just stay the same . <3 --- < PROPMALE > mars 
I don't cry in the rain to hide my tears , but rather because it's the only one that understands ... 
I HATE THE HEAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! only 3 more years ! 
I know you didnt bring me out here to drown , so why am i ten feet under and upside down . Barley surviving has become my purpose , cause im so used to living underneath the surface . If i could just see you everything would be alright , if id see you , this darkness would turn to light . And i will walk on water , and you will catch me if i fall . And i will get lost into your eyes , i know everything will be alright ! --- lighthouse 
ugh a little bumbed ... today isnt my day 
GSA is amazing ! Instead of Righetti pride , tomorrow ( instead ) its rainbow pride !!! 
since weather is my passion .. my thought is this ? \I want to love someone so much that i can quote < PROPFEMALE > gomez's song ..... A DAY WITHOUT YOU IS LIKE A YEAR WITHOUT RAIN ... thats when i know im truly in love ...... " 
watching shania twain <3 
I wanna be free , ya , feel the way I feel , and man I feel like a woman .... <3 
I hate it when you dislike the person who sings a song but loves their music ... bleh ... * not talking about shania twain <3 
Shes indisicive she cant decide she keeps on looking from left to right . Girl come a bit closer , look in my eyes searching is so wrong im mr right . You seem like the type to love them and leave them and disappear right after the song . So give me the night to show you hold you dont leave me over here dancing alone --- i hate the singer ( < PROPFIRST > bieber ) but love the song 
You cant make up your mind mind mind mind mind , please dont waste my time time time time time , im not trying to rewind wind wind wind wind , I wish our hearts could come together as one . 
Well you know its a fool who playsit cool 
Im not sure whats happening anymore ... but either way im a little down ... life is bleh ! Except the weather .. thats the only thing thats worth it on these days 
I was young but I wasnt naive , I was helpless as you turned around to leave . But still I have the pain I have to carry . A past so deep , that even you could not bury if you tried . After all this time , never thought we'd be here , never thought we'd be here . When my love for you was blind . But I couldnt make you see it , couldnt make you see it . That I loved you more than youd ever know . A part of me died when I let you go-Lifehouse 
I would fall asleep , only in hopes of dreaming . That everything would be like it was before . But nights like this , it seems are slowly feeting . They dissappear as reality is crashing through to the floor . ---- life house 
I am feeling happy ..... even with all the stress this week ... thankyou !!! <3 Mikka Matthews <3 
I MISS YOU ! 
I used to think , I had the answers to everyting . But now i know , that life doesnt always go my way . Ya , feels like im caught in the middle , thats when i realize . Im not a girl , not yet a woman . All i need is time , a moment that is mine , while im in between . ---- < PROPFEMALE > Spears ( good version ) 
? + ? = ? \ 
It's about love NOT gender 
one more strike and were done !!! 
Omg , todays weather was so beautiful . The fog was amazing . But that darn sun ..... Lol . And its almost christmas . Life is good <3 
Going to church this morning ! I love it so much ! Then to my nephews 5th birthday .... Im so excited ! Today is going to be amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So ya , I just watched the best movie ever ! Its called Teeth and its about this girl with teeth in her privates , and she goes and attracts really horrible men . Then kills them in a very special way ... can u guess ? 
I friggin love you Kayna Monette you totally cried laughed and im still cracking up lol 
i feel like going somewhere with my friends and taking alot of funny pictures .... lololol * random ...... i know :) 
no offence to anyone who might think this is them ... but i am so tired of guys just liking me for looks ..... i want a man not a boy !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At times life is difficult and really obnoxious . But I know that it's alot better then it used to be . And with God along my side , all of these little problems seem pointless . I love you all <3<3<3 
I think its ironic when people hate the way they look but post pictures every 5 seconds .... lame lol ;P 
im < PROPFEMALE > look at meeee 
So ok today was the best day ever ! I cant really explain why but it just felt amazing 
Oh wow ! thankyou all so much . I love you guys . 
Drop everything now ! Meet me in the pouring rain , Kiss me on the side walk , take away the pain . Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile . ---- Tailor Swift 
Yay ! Im so excited I finally got my NIV bible reading schedule ! Now on March 7 , there will be nothing stopping me from completing this amazing goal in one year ! 
I LOVE CHRIST , FOR HE IS MY ETERNAL SAVIOR ! 
Life is full of surprises ! 
I got yelled about for doing homework ,..... are you serious ? 
